Steve looked at him reprovingly.  “Cookies,” he said, warning in his voice. “They’re almost ready.”
“Bucky! What did you think you were doing? I’m so sorry, Mr. Stark, it’s all my fault, I just—is that
, not to use it on her boss.  Former boss.  Employee.  Damn.  Tony reached out blearily to find his phone.
Abe was on the phone at the kitchen table when Steve unlocked the door, talking to someone. “Yes.  I see, of course.  Thank you.” He clicked his phone off and slipped it in his pocket. “Steven. You’re home early!”
Tony still lingered in the doorway, obviously not coming back into the room where he’d woken up this morning.  He smiled though, a little tight at the edges.  “Right. Well.  Same.” He moved away, tossing back, “Take care of yourself, Rogers.”
Stepping into the shower, Tony imagined Steve’s hands running over his torso, his face, maybe slightly shy, blushing when he let Tony lean in, kiss him, and take him in hand. In his mind, Steve’s soft lips parted easily, allowing Tony to explore his mouth, moaning when Tony’s tongue swept in, licking and sucking. Tony gasped as he slid into his fist, fully hard and slightly breathless under the warm water. The thought of Steve, waiting in anticipation was enough to put him on the edge. He pictured Steve’s perfect pink mouth, stretched around his cock, tight and hot, tongue working the ridge on the underside, blue eyes holding his, approving him, and lost control embarrassingly quickly, shivering as he came, striping the marble in white. He basked in the afterglow for a brief moment, then cleaned himself up, rinsing the evidence of his gauche behavior down the drain.  In the aftermath, he was bereft, cold despite the hot water, now more aware of how much he wanted Steve, thrown into relief by his vivid imagination.
Silver lining.  Tony knew exactly what he could make Steve for his Christmas exchange.  Perfect.  He could make a palette thingy out of that new metal stuff he’d gotten from Mr. Morita.  Kismet.  It was great.  He’d start it just as soon as he figured out how to ask Flying if he was actually a giant douchenozzle on the outside and went around punching little kids.
Apparently no one else seemed to notice much of a change.  Steve did make waffles, and bacon, while Peter edited the video of the battle he’d taken with his phone to a highlights reel. He was still sidelined until he was older, but Tony’d set him to filming.  He got to see the fight, walk through the strategies with the team afterward. Tony scrambled a few dozen eggs to go with the waffles and bacon.  Natasha made coffee, showing Thor how to do it for at least the fifth time.  Clint set the table, and Sam poured juice for everyone.
“What is it? Never mind, you just said. Sorry. What does it do?”
Mel: I hear you. It took years for me to be able to talk about a bad mission I was on.  Lost everyone.  Lost myself. Wouldn’t have helped them for you to be there, you know.
that pizza?” Tony was incredulous, but he didn’t see a take-out box.  How had he done that? Tony was a genius, and Italian, and he couldn’t make pizza.  A negroni, sure.  Pizza? Surely you had to take lessons for that.
Fuck.  Steve had to get this stupid, useless infatuation out of his mind.
Steve bit his lip. His face was always so open in the mornings, so clear, he turned to Tony broadcasting his affection clearer than words, smiling at him before kissing him good morning, every morning.  Now, his face was clouded, uncertain. The doubt seeped in, muting his eyes, shadowing the planes of his face.  “Have I been…” Steve stopped himself. It was as if Tony could see the younger Steve, his uncertainty, painted in translucent watercolor across his face now—the little guy that couldn’t get a date, who was always upstaged by his charismatic friend. What fools they had to have been, to pass up Steve Rogers. Steve’s lips pressed together, the little furrow forming between his eyes.  “Are you sure? I know I’m probably not what you normally date. But I’ve never been as happy as I am now. And you seemed happy, I thought.” His voice was a little frayed around the edges, soft, worn too thin and vulnerable.
Natasha cut him off.  “Relax.  You’re Tony Stark.  If he swings that way, he at least thinks you’re cute.”
He opened the door and found a complete office set up. The wall was clearly intended to function as a screen, and the desk had a notepad, a Starkpad, and something he was pretty sure was a phone.  He picked up the Starkpad.  At his touch, it pinged with three new emails.  He swiped them open, seeing that they were all from Pepper.  It gave him instructions on how to call SI France, with whom to liaise, and what he needed from them.  There was a quick note at the bottom.
There’s a silence on the phone.  Then Tony gets it.
“He used the parachute,” Tony says, next time the phone rings.
Tony went straight to the workshop to get started.  If he only had a month left, he had a hell of a lot to do.  He picked up on a redesign of the Stark water filtration system.  It was too expensive to produce right now, couldn’t get wide enough distribution to be truly effective.  Not in the places where it was really needed.  It was already lightweight, already portable. But the combination of high cost and low flow led to it being used mostly by the wealthy hiker sort, the ones who wanted to filter water out of the streams of Yosemite and Yellowstone.  That wasn’t good enough. Tony wanted it to be truly useful.  He wanted mass production for places that didn’t have centralized filtration systems.  He could do better.  And he knew,
He just had to wait, then.  He willed himself to relax further, the vestiges of the nightmares dropping away softly, becoming more dream than reality.  A few minutes later, exhaustion hit him, heavy and inexorable. All the adrenaline dissipated, leaving him shivering, goosebumps forming all over his arms and exposed torso.  He was enormously thirsty, but the idea of dragging himself to the bathroom to get a glass of water was overwhelming.  It was okay, though.  He’d be careful to drink extra water tomorrow.
He could hear Tony saying almost the same thing, in the car on the way to mini golf.  But, he’d meant it generally, he was just being nice. He’d said himself that he was straight. Steve told the others as much.
“Cap.  Gonna need you to come back to upstate.”
Steve hung his jacket on a peg, running a hand fondly down the sleeve.  Motorcycles seemed to be one of the least-changed items since he’d been dead.  Asleep.  He meant asleep.
“You let someone else change your plans?” Rhodes asked, visibly shocked.
On the bed, the kitten shimmered, expanding and reshaping to become a fully armored trickster Asgardian, horned helmet and all, lying spread out in Steve’s blankets.  Well, at least he was fully clothed, Steve thought, thanking whomever was still available for that small mercy.
Fury had personally escorted him to his new apartment.  He wasn’t sure if that was supposed to be comforting or a threat, a reminder that Fury was the one who put him in the apartment and he’d damn well always know what Steve was doing.  Of course, Fury was also the one who had set him up with his bank account, a little plastic card to get money, walked him down to a SHIELD therapist and told him to get his damn head on right, that a war was coming and he’d better be ready.
Steve was slightly consoled that at least Jarvis seemed to have Tony’s best interests in mind as   well.  But apparently there wasn’t anything either of them could do. How could Tony have built a system that left him so completely isolated? So completely vulnerable?
The line clicks.
Tony looked aghast.  “Never? Blasphemy! Tomorrow. After the thing. It’s a date. I mean, it’s a thing. Date is a term that people use to describe things people do.  Tomorrow is the date. Of the thing.  Look, you need to get to sleep, and so do I, so, um, enjoy the crackers,” Tony babbled, trying desperately to pour enough words on the fire to put it out.  He paused at the door, hand on the knob, and didn’t turn around. “You know, we all have demons.  You’ve seen mine.  So.  Just. I get it.  A little.” He opened the door.
Steve was still holding it in his hand. He clicked it locked. “Tony, I…” He didn’t know what to say. He’d miss him? It seemed inappropriate given that Tony had just let him down easy. He’d be back? Steve wasn’t sure when that would be.  Or if Tony would want him back, after last night. And with the secrets he’d kept from him. Well... “Thank you.”
Tony looked around the room for any other pieces of Steve, then headed to the kitchen.  He’d seen Steve’s second sketchbook out by the coffee maker.  He dropped the bag on the table and picked up the sketchbook, dropping a loose leaf that floated gracefully to the floor.  He picked it up.  Obie.  That was weird.  But the drawing itself was technically skilled.  That same eye for balance that had drawn the trees on his blueprints, weeks ago.  Obadiah’s scruffy beard, shot through with grey.  He could almost feel the weight of the glass of scotch being offered in his left hand.  Clearly a recreation of that scene from—was it only last night? It felt like decades ago.  That look on his face.  Tony remembered it as being paternal and warm.  Had Steve not gotten the eyes quite right? How had he missed the look in Obie’s eyes when he got the tiny patch of his right eyebrow that stuck up belligerently and the exact angle of that crease in his forehead? A small recalcitrant part of him wished it were jealousy on Steve’s part.  Wishful thinking. Still.  It was a vivid representation. Powerful—the term described both the man and the drawing.
Natasha nudged him with her elbow.  She must have arrived sometime during the time when Tony’s brain was lost in a wormhole of trying to figure out if Flying and Pieter were the same person.
“Because of the drinking thing?”
“I know,” Steve replies. “I’m sorry.” He draws his knees up onto the couch, rests his head on them, looks up at Tony like he’s saying goodbye. He tries to smile, that Captain America smile, the smile that says that he’s okay, everything’s okay, even though nothing is okay and they’re both a little broken.
Their time’s almost up.
Love, Shell”
Wanda broke out in a little smile. She didn’t smile all that often, really.  “Sure, Tony.  And thanks. Can we bring anything?”
“Suddenly, I get it.  You brought home a trophy pool boy, and he’s a Medal of Honor recipient.  Only you, Tones.  This only happens to you. Do you even know if he swings that way?” Rhodey poured two glasses and handed one to Tony.
“That’s enough, it’s enough, you’re good, I’m good,” he babbled, never having moved from where Steve set him. “Please, darling, please, stop teasing—“ he broke off breathless when Steve moved to lick his way around the rim, pushing his tongue in beside his fingers. “You kinky bastard, Jesus, they’ll never believe, next time, please, just, please, don’t make me beg,” Tony implored, apparently ignoring the detail that he was actually begging.
“Who?”
So it was going to be one of those days.  “Come in. Do you want some coffee?” He set the percolator to brew.
“That’s what I figured.  Could you freeze the frame when Batroc is speaking to his secretary? And, could you enhance the audio in the background?”
Tony stilled, ready to enter him, halting all his motion, a sea change from his normal frenetic pace.  He reached up, winding his fingers through Steve’s. He smiled, that same sweet, secret smile Steve had seen from him in what was not exactly a dream.  And then Steve lost the thread as Tony pushed inside him, his lips moving, but Steve couldn’t hear anything over his own pulse in his ears, the pressure building inside him, the feeling of being full, overfull, god too much it was too much and he needed, his heart racing, he needed, and then Tony was there, stroking his face, kissing him gently, a counterpoint to the steady quick thrusts, he was overwhelmed, but Tony had him, he had him, on the ragged edge, tipping over and the world brightened for a moment, too bright, too much, and he came, hard and jagged, ropes of white hitting his chest, his face even, and Tony just drove in, harder, quicker and shallow, barely pulling out at all until he gasped Steve’s name and pulsed deep inside him, hot and wet.
Fuck. This was really fucked up.  He was dying, when he’d just created life. Christ, this was irony at its finest.  He’d found the key to surviving and it was downstairs in the hands of his first bot.  Well, the claw of his first bot. If there was a god, Tony bet he’d be laughing his goddamn head off.  It hurt to breathe.  It hurt to sit there and die, too, but there wasn’t anything he could do about it. He was really going to die here.  On his goddamn couch in his own fucking living room. Hell, if he could breathe, he’d be laughing at the situation, but maybe that was the lack of oxygen speaking. He could feel himself getting hysterical.
“Thank you, Sir, that was awfully polite of you,” Steve jumped in, talking over him and looking at Rhodes intently.  That was sort of uncharacteristically disrespectful, Tony thought.  “Tony, Ms. Potts said you’d probably be going out for dinner, but I figured it wouldn’t hurt to have something to drink after the colonel’s hearings on the Hill.”
“Senator Stern blacklisted James Barnes from the prosthetics list last night, sir, apparently after Captain Rogers gave him the slip.”
Loyalty.  Gotta like that. “Didn’t really think so.” Smiling internally, Tony popped another berry in his mouth.  “So, Steve? You got a last name?”
Electronics! The electronics on a motorcycle. That wouldn’t be so far out of the normal scope, what with the Moritas owning an electronics shop. And they were still talking physics. Perfect. This was a golden opportunity, ripe for the taking, almost made for Tony.
“It’s okay,” he said, knowing exactly what Steve was looking for.  Steve smiled back, comforted.
“I know, I know. You’d think a man like me would have room service, right? I almost put on the French maid outfit, but I figured it was overkill,” Tony said breezily as he entered the room. He was carrying a glass of water and a plate with a few crackers, his pajamas masking the glowing metal Steve knew resided in his chest.  Steve’s body reacted wildly to the suggestion of Tony wearing a maid’s outfit.  Tony nearly naked, bare ass peeking out from under a ruffled skirt, apron lifting to accommodate his rising cock. He shifted, pulling the blankets over himself discreetly.  He was going to chalk this one up to the dump of hormones from the nightmare and the surprise visit. Of course Tony was sexy—mouthy, intelligent brunettes were sort of his type, after all, not that he’d had a lot of time for dating in the army. But Tony was also his boss.  Who was in his room.  With snacks. Because, dammit.  Because of Steve’s inability to handle his own shit.  The night before a big press conference.  Fuck.
Steve went to the VA in the late morning, dropping by Sam’s meeting to talk with some of his veterans.  He tried to do that on Thursdays.  Sam said it helped, although Steve thought maybe Sam was saying it helped Steve.  And he thought, maybe, it did.  Not only because he felt useful, relevant, helpful to Sam and his veterans, but also because it reminded him that he wasn’t alone.  That other people felt like he did, had the same loss, the same guilt, even if his specific case was a little more extreme.
“This is ridiculous,” Tony exclaims. He undoes the cuffs before Steve can refuse, pulls him up and resettles him on the couch.  Steve has that look on his face.  Damnit.  “Okay, okay, compromise, then,” Tony says. He cuffs one wrist to a water line.  It should be comfortable. He sits down on a stool nearby.  He towers over Steve. That isn’t lost on either of them.
Tony scoffed, almost a laugh, brittle and self-mocking. He toyed with his watch, twisting it around his wrist until it left red marks.  “Normally? Normally all I have to do is have one sip, and then suddenly I’ve had more drinks than I remember.  Normally I just have to smell the alcohol underneath the peat and sweetness.  Normally I have Happy pour me into the limo and then I lock myself down for the next couple days.  It’s usually real messy, the first couple hours.  Kinda messy for a day or so.  And then I get it back under control.” He took a deep breath.
Whatever, assholes.  Show up at 8.  Even though you don’t deserve it.
Okay, I won’t.
Sassy. Tony rather liked it.
“Well, that’s the thing, Mr. Stark.  I think I saw something, but… you’d know better than I would.”
“What’s up, Pep?” he asked, swiping a comb through a reluctant tangle.
Of course, of course, Steve calls after the ferry.  Tony is upset, guilty. He’d helped Peter, and Peter had been reckless, and it was his fault.  Maybe not all of it, but some of it.  He has the suit, packed away.  The kid had said, if he really cared… Well, fuck it.  He really cares.  He cares so much he thinks he’s dying of it.  He isn’t sure how to do it all alone.
Thank god, someone was acting normal.  Maybe Steve had metabolized it quickly. That meant the others should be er, less-weird relatively soon.
“I’m the best, Tones, and you know it,” Rhodey said, chuckling under his breath.
“Start a call with them, would you?”
“Steve,” he said, clearing his throat, turning over in his arms. Good start.  Clever.  To the point. “I think we should take a break.”
Tony’s head was spinning.  “Where
“Hey, Flying.  Same here.  I’ve got a secret too, and it’s like I’m hiding who I am, every day.  From everyone.  All the closest people to me.  But I just can’t tell them.  I’m gay, too. It feels like I’m putting on this mask, this shell of who I think they want me to be.  Even though I don’t think my friends would judge me.  I don’t know why.  I just.  I’ve got a secret.  –Shell”
grader, and you’re going to corrupt him!”
Laughing, Steve got down to business.  He laid out the aerials, pointing out where they’d done well.  He noted the shortening transition time for Hulk, and Thor’s lack of collateral damage, which is when Tony noticed that someone was trying to play footsie.  He wasn’t sure who it was.  Not Steve—he was at the front of the room. That was a letdown.  If there was anyone he’d like to be feeling up right now, it was the team leader currently trying to run a meeting. And his motivation wasn’t even to get out of a meeting this time, he just genuinely wanted to peel that shirt right off him and run his tongue down his chest.  But he always wanted to do that, so it wasn’t about evading the debrief. His mind wandered, as he deconstructed the word “debrief” into other, more enjoyable meanings that he could be doing to Steve. De-boxer-briefing, so to speak. So basically this was just like any other Tuesday. Except someone was rubbing a foot up his calf. He twitched, drawing his legs under him and glaring around the table.
She turned back in her seat and started jotting down notes in her phone about legal codes and forms.  Tony’d seen a few of them before.  She was starting on separating assets already.  Jesus.  Who was this girl?
As the patter of British banter droned on quietly in the background, Steve gradually relaxed.  He missed Bucky fiercely.  It was coming up on a year since the incident.  Steve’d been assigned to a few VA doctors.  He hadn’t been able to say much, and they were overbusy.  They all said it would get better with time. He’d thanked them, and canceled any further sessions.  He appreciated their time, but he wasn’t even injured, and he knew from experience that men and women like Bucky needed those services. Needed them more than Steve. Deserved them. More than he did.  He’d walked them into the ambush. And his men paid for his actions.
if you want resolution, try chapter 3 or 4 instead
When Steve got back to the tower, he’d put the idea mostly out of his mind.  It wasn’t a big deal.  He’d get over it.  Then he saw Tony, finishing the last of the coffee pot in the kitchen, fiddling with a stylus and a Starkpad, and he had never felt so desperately, achingly alone.  Hollow. He filed paperwork for a leave of absence immediately. He’d take his cell phone. If they really needed him, they could call. He sent out an email to the team.
Steve pulled up sharply from his run, shaking his head to clear it.  He bent forward at the waist, letting the blood go to his head for a moment.  As he stood up slowly, he noticed there was a car waiting next to him. A silver Audi. Mr. Stark. Fuck. How long had he been there?
“Hey, Shell, I’m not sure.  I don’t think they would mind, but maybe I’m just being overly optimistic? They aren’t stopping me from coming out.  I don’t think they would be disappointed in me.  It’s not them.  They’re great. But it’s kind of complicated.  In a way, I feel like I owe them—like I have to be good for them.  Because they’ve done so much for me, much more than they needed to do.  Does that make sense?
Tony kept staring at the screen. That was the end of it, then.  Okay. He could deal. It was what, 3:08am?  And he’d missed two days of school.  Sure.
“I want to try again,” Tony says. He means it.
“Tony. Have you seen ShieldSpies today?” Her voice bubbled, excitedly.  “Oh, my goodness.  I don’t know why we don’t have a club yet for this.  I wonder if ASB wants to start a club, or maybe the model UN would want to take it on.” She was already musing, and Tony had no idea.  He opened his laptop, logging on to Pepper’s favorite gossip site.
The cold crept closer.
Steve sat back.  He’d never posted before. He’d never contributed to the conversation. It felt like a risk.  It felt like overexposure.  Giving away his hand, somehow.  But it also felt right, passing on Peggy’s advice. As if it had never really been his, never really been for him, as if he’d been given it to hold onto, for a while, a transient snippet from an older world, until he could deliver it to this new recipient.  He watched the rest of the conversation.  Mel and Wilson stepping in, providing guidance.  JustaShell didn’t say anything more, and the group moved on.  Eventually, the conversation stopped.  When Steve closed the window, his eyes were heavy.  He’d finish the file tomorrow.
Steve kissed him again, then pulled away. Why was he pulling away?
bed, Steve?” voice carefully neutral, clear of recrimination. Too neutral. He turned, to look at Steve directly. There it was.
The first time they make love, Steve is amazed by how much it feels like coming home.  His heart expands, feels whole, he cradles Tony like he’s precious, because he is. He draws the pleasure out, takes his time learning Tony’s body, kissing every inch of him.  He sees Tony looking at him, illuminated by the reactor and other starlight, and presses a kiss into the soft skin of his thigh.  He can feel Tony getting impatient, but this is important—he is important, and Steve is going to make sure he knows that, for him, this is it, this is everything. When he finally enters Tony, slowly, so slowly Tony’s pulse is racing in counterpoint, silently begging him to hurry up, he can feel his own body trembling with the effort, holding himself back, knows Tony can feel it as well.  Tony cups his cheek, smiles at him, eyes too bright, says, “Steve, please,” voice breaking, and Steve is ruined. After, Steve pulls Tony to him, lets him curl up lazily on his chest, while Steve runs fingers through his dark hair, traces the reactor, kisses Tony, light and sweet. He has never imagined anything could feel like this.  He never wants to let go.
From:  Rhodeybear 10:37am
“I know,” Steve replies.  “It’s good to hear your voice.”
“He did not.  Perhaps you would like to visit the gym, since you have no duties at the moment. Miss Potts left your belongings in your room, earlier.”
“Or?” he asked, pushing, angling his body toward Steve.
“J. Send the esteemed senator a note.  Tell him to release his hold on Barnes or we go public on that story. Don’t even use the contract.  Just tell him that Stark Legal is taking Barnes’s case on, pro bono, with all the magic of Pepper’s PR team, and we will have the distinguished purple cross veteran polished up and pouring his heart out to Anderson Cooper before Stern can finish lunch. It will ruin him. His constituents will burn him in effigy by dinner. Hell, not just Anderson.  He’ll do an afternoon show with Ellen and then I will personally have Happy shuttle him over to tear up for Oprah.”
“Please! I’ll—I’ll pay you back. I’ll… I’ll fix it.” Steve swallowed, even as he said it.  How was he going to find the money to do that? And it wasn’t like he could really fix a broken glass sculpture.
“Yeah, well, he was right!” Tony shot back. Rhodey grabbed his chest, faking a heart attack. Tony threw his napkin at him.  “Shut it.  I can be right, and he can also be right. We can both be right.”
Tony shoved Hammer into the nearest bathroom, his mind racing. How had Hammer even gotten into his—oh, fuck. How had he been so dumb? His passcode to the tool cabinet was the same as his phone.  And he’d opened that cabinet right in front of this asshole.  Fuck. “So, what, Justin? You going to tell my dad? Your dad? What? What does it take to buy scum like you off?” God, Hammer could ruin him.  His father.
Steve realized he was staring and blushed.
“I’ll tell him. Let me know what you find out. Just text me.  He’s still sleeping.”
He stopped right in front of Tony.  Open gaze, clear eyes. Tony loved the determination he wore, the hope. It squished his heart, wrung it out.
“The kid’s going to stay low key.  He could use some more training in tactics, logistics.  He needs to expand his awareness of the long game. I figure no one better than the guy who’s going to be a hundred next year. Besides, I keep delivering him peanut butter and jelly, and he says I’m not allowed to send him lunch anymore.”
Tony nods.  Not that it matters. He says, “Take care of yourself, Rogers.” He can say that. It tears him up inside, but he can say it without screaming.
“Yes, Pep. Well, actually, my new you did.  But they looked like good changes, so I added them.”
His body would be burning, Erskine’s serum running through his veins.
Tony winced.  He really did hate it when people called him that.  “Could you maybe just call me Tony, then?”
Steve shook his head, laughing, that light, golden laugh, that made Tony’s heart feel drunk, light. “No, for Bruce,” Steve said, sketching out some dimensions on the screen.  “For when the Other Guy comes out to play.”
“Still a disappointment,” he said, almost regretfully.  He stood up and stretched.  “Well, m'boy,” he said, his tone perking up, becoming businesslike, “I told Miss Potts to make an appointment for me to meet you here at 4:30.  So I’ll be back in,” he checked his watch, “just about an hour to find you.  Don’t worry.  We’ll make a big event of it.  Flowers, the whole works.” He wiped the pliers on his shirt, pressed Tony’s fingers against them, set them on the table, and walked away.
He got into bed, pulling the covers over himself and turning out the lights.  The kitten shuffled its way around the bed and over him, padding over some very sensitive areas a number of times.  Steve just winced, trying to stay still.  Not like kittens knew what they were doing, and at least it wasn’t using claws.  Finally Romeo turned around and tucked himself into a little ball.  Satisfied that he was going to stay settled, Steve drifted off to sleep.
His mind was whirring, and he didn’t think he’d breathed since he started typing.  Before he could think better, he clicked send. What’s the worst that could happen, right? He brushed his teeth, got dressed, and flashed Jarvis a patented Tony Stark smile on his way out, skipping breakfast.  He couldn’t eat. He pulled the A4 out of the driveway, then swung by to pick up Rhodey and Pepper.  Last stop was Natasha, the new girl who seemed to fit in with their friends just fine.  She was a bit of a geek, on the robotics team with Tony and kicking ass on the lacrosse team.  For some reason the other team just never saw her coming and then all of a sudden she was scoring on them.
“What’s up, Rogers? What did France say?”
Steve was still looking at the painting, the intense ache he felt at seeing it, the moment of defeat, of surrender, so clearly captured in his own hand—it was a betrayal, too, of them both. He dropped his head.  “Yes.”
That. Was unexpected.
“Hulk shrank down to Bruce around midnight. Took about eight hours.  Thor and Natasha both seem to have burned it off in their sleep—SHIELD’s estimates put it at around 3am, maybe 4.  The lady said she was aiming for a twelve hour dose.  I think she hit it pretty close.  They haven’t shown any symptoms since they’ve woken up, and Nat and I went running at six.”
It was empty.  Small mercies. Steve set the blueprints on the desk and retreated to his room, repacking his few belongings into his duffle.  He fully expected to be expelled from Mr. Stark’s mansion when he found the blueprints.  It was only 9pm or so, but Steve was exhausted.  He’d made a mess today.  Tomorrow, he’d clean it up, and find a way to help Bucky fix it.  Again. He laid down on top of the covers in the giant bed in his room.
Not much left to do.  He should probably finish up on the body suit he’d been building for Rhodey.  That guy did far too much active duty for someone as high ranking as he was.  And it was basically done.  It was actually complete.  And excellent.  Totally protective.  Just, no way for Rhodes to really get into or out of it yet.  Details.  Shouldn’t take long—it was just a matter of getting seams and releases in places that wouldn’t compromise the integrity of the suit itself.  No point in a body suit if it didn’t protect the body.
To:  A-Team
Fuck. Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck. He signed it love.  What the fuck? How did one get gmail to retract an email? Was it really electronic? Shit.  Shit.  Flying was never going to talk to him again.  Tony would have scared him off, so thoughtlessly, from the sheer ebullience he was feeling about coming out.  He put his head down on his desk, wishing he could invent a time machine—not even a very good time machine, he didn’t want to go back in time and punch Hitler or get Galileo to stand fast in the face of the papal inquiry—he just wanted to erase the last two minutes!   Christ, this was his life. He had one good thing, a great thing, and then this.
“I thought—I thought I could do it, string him along, until I’m eighteen, or until some new girl came along. My father, I—he, I didn’t think you’d…” Christ, it sounded bad, even worse when he said it out loud, trade Natasha for his secrets.
Steve knew that gentle tone, underlying the quick edge.  “Nope,” he said, punctuating it with a kiss on Tony’s ear. “Love you.” He dragged his fingertips down Tony’s spine, ignoring the way that his mess was starting to feel tacky between their bodies, petting the expanse of skin he’d been longing to put his hands on for ages, the muscular shoulders, the warm cleft of his ass.
He had nothing.
Dammit. Steve frowned.
“Sir, Captain Rogers’s phone is not being called by Senator Stern, but it seems that you would like to know that he is currently under discussion by text.”
“Shell,
Steve looked quizzical for a second. “Oh, you mean at Halloween?” Tony nodded.  Steve blushed.  “She said she needed help with part of her costume, that it was broken, and she wanted to use my room because the bathroom was occupied. Turns out not so much broken as easily removable.  You walked in when I was trying to put it back on her, but she—” his blush was intense now “—was extremely persistent. I had to say I heard Sam calling me with an emergency and then I hid from her for the rest of the night.”
Steve laughed. The sound was brilliant, molten sunshine. “No, I promise.  Actually…”
Steve caught himself as he was sketching in small orange trees.
I just thought if Tony was busy, I could take care of it.  It’s not a big deal guys.  I don’t mind.
A cheer went up from on the bridge, a howl that was very clearly Peggy Carter, ridiculous and British, a “Get it, Rogers!” from Sam.  Tony was fairly sure he could hear Pepper opening a pack of tissues she would undoubtedly be using to dab at the mascara her tears might threaten.
Steve pulled almost all the way out, still a little slower than Tony seemed to want him, then pushed his way back, watching the rim stretch around him, feeling the little shivers of Tony being too full, too stretched.  He sped up, watching Tony’s face, making sure he was feeling pleasure rather than pain, pausing to spread more lube on himself, picking up the pace again.  Tony’s cock was flushed and swollen, damp at the head. Steve swirled his thumb around the head and brought it to his mouth, sucking at the bitterness, savoring the taste of him. He held Tony’s eyes as he did, and Tony clamped down almost painfully on him, the drag tight and unyielding as Tony came, spurting mess all over his chest, on Steve’s stomach.  Steve rocked into him, gently, tiny movements as Tony shook.
Tony was practically exploding with excitement.  “Rogers, you don’t trust physics? I’m sure physics can defeat the Force, physics is the best it can do anything,” he started, getting ready to defend his favorite science.  A cookie hit him in the side of the head.
“Tony, mind if we swing by and pick up Jimmy? He said he wanted a little help with physics before the final,” Rhodey asked, leaning forward in his seat.
The phone rang.  And rang.  And rang.  Dammit, Tony knew he was going to regret teaching Pepper how to bypass voicemail.  She was supposed to use it for when she was trying to get in touch with
Tony was beyond embarrassed.  It was true.  But somehow putting this all in front of this relative stranger—especially a stranger who actively disliked him less than a few hours ago—made him feel exposed.  “Sure.  Well, you know, probably hung over or drinking, I don’t really remember, and you know, liquid, makes you think about water, and so, you know, wells…” Tony babbled.  “So, I’ve got to go, thanks for food.” He practically ran out of the room, hooking another slice onto his plate as he left, but he could hear Steve quietly ask Jarvis another question.
“But—and I may be overstepping my bounds here, it’s pretty common with me—I feel like you shouldn’t worry about being what your parents want you to be. You said you wanted to be good for them.  You’re still good, Flying.  I mean, I don’t really know you, but I feel like I know what kind of a person you are.  The guy who worries about his friends getting bullied when
“It’s okay, Thor.  Steve and I always go to the Thai place,” he tried.
“I can still hear you, you know,” Bucky interjected.
In his dreams, they died. They all died.  Erskine, Bucky, Peggy. His mother.  The Commandoes, all of them. He was drowning in corpses, the people he couldn’t save.  Over and over.
He went up the stairs, considering.  He turned the questions over in his mind for a bit before he asked. “Jarvis, does Mr. Stark not drink anymore?”
She sighed.  “Alright.  I’ll handle Stane.  But you owe me.”
She shrugged.  “Certain skill set.  I’m good at tracking things down.” She swiped the bag of bagels out of his passenger seat, slipping a cranberry bagel out of the bag.  She nudged his shoulder, kindly, and started walking with Tony toward the door.  “She looks pissed,” Natasha noticed, looking at how Pepper was narrowing her eyes at Tony from the doorway.
The door opened.  They hadn’t heard footsteps, so it was definitely Natasha.  She was the only one tiny enough that the steps didn’t creak. Both men turned to look at her.  She briefly glanced at Steve, an implicit smile, and turned that gaze on Bucky, a fierce, intent light in her eyes.  She didn’t say hello, just walked by them into the bedroom, leaving them to look at each other in confusion. She emerged a second later, walked over to them, stood directly in front of Bucky, and put her left hand down on the table. It clinked.
See, this was bittersweet.  Tony got Steve’s friendship, his affection.  It might not be exactly the way he hoped, he might not be able to put his tongue where he wanted, but it was good. He was lucky to have it.  Poets always said it was better to have loved and lost, but Tony didn’t think he’d survive it.  Not if it was fake.  Not if he got to taste how it felt to be loved by Steve Rogers, and then have to give it up for good.
“Well, Jarvis, I think I’ve gotten settled, and it’s about noon.  Should I make Mr. Stark lunch or something? Did he tell you what to tell me?”
And Stern thought he owned him. Literally owned him. Government issued.  Property of the US Army and Senator Stern until they were done with him. And there was Howard, signing off with that squiggly little SI code that Tony hadn’t recognized—although it did look familiar now—conveniently telling Stern he supported the whole transaction, that Stark Industries would press no claim on Steve, in return for amnesty for human experimentation, and that the “test subject” belonged to Stern as long as the senator wanted him.  Fuck fuck fuck.  Tony continued reading. Howard was a grade-A dick, and he covered his ass--
“Tony, you’re so brilliant you take my breath away,” Steve said, open and true, so genuine and sincere it was painful for Tony to look at.  How could he just say it like that, make himself so vulnerable? Tony couldn’t say anything for a moment, swallowing hard.
“If my son ever did anything like that,” Howard began, preening in the spotlight.
Tony was lost.  What was he on about? “Wait, you get it if I what?”
The movies clinched it.  Tony knew it was Peter.  Flying was definitely Pieter.  Pieter, who saw
Tony walked to the door, oblivious to the fact that Steve was holding himself together with hope and worn cotton sheets.  He turned at the door, winked, and left.
Finally, as Wanda demurely slid all the tootsiepops into her giant hoard, flipping over a two of diamonds, a six of hearts, and a ten of clubs, they all surrendered.  She shared, though, and that’s what mattered, opening a raspberry flavored lollipop while they tried to figure out what movie to put on.
the narcissist!”
Jarvis paused.  “In a manner of speaking, sir.”
Tony had five screens open with ideas of what to make Steve for his Christmas exchange when his email pinged.
“Bruce wouldn’t have liked the bunny, the bunny was gigantic and definitely not hand-made. It violated the rules,” Bruce told him, as he had many times already.
Mr. Morita patted him on the shoulder.  “I bet you make your dad so proud.  We’re always so invested in our sons.” He shook his head, a little misty-eyed.  “I’m going to miss this one when he leaves me next year.” He canted his head toward Jimmy.  “It’s been just the two of us for so long.  I’ll be an empty nester.  Gotta take up golf and start raising chickens.”
“Rogers!” called a voice, low but decidedly female.
Steve hesitated. “I don’t know when I will be able to come back. He sounds bad…”
Tony had never been so excited for school to be back in session.  Turned out he missed everyone more than he thought he would.  And Flying had said he was excited to be back in the same place as Tony, even if they didn’t know who they really were.  The halls were buzzing with excitement, kids filtering in slowly.  As the first bells rang, Tony stopped by his locker, dropping off the new workbook he’d gotten from Ms. Simmons.
Steve was feeling pretty good about himself. They had maybe only an hour left to go at this thing, and he’d be able to tell Mr. Hogan that everything had gone well, when he inwardly cursed himself for tempting fate.  Senator Stern walked through the door.
After he burned through one bag, after he’d gone through his paces in the gym, he showered and returned to his office. The files were still sitting in a neat pile on his desk. He’d been Fury’s good boy all along, never fighting, not a rebellious move.  He took Stark’s last file and slipped it under his leather jacket.  He’d finish reading it at home.
Steve grimaced, wryly.  There was begrudging affection clear in his expression.  “Not really.”
so, choose your own adventure.
fluff and smut
A train in the Alps, the cold seeping into his bones.  Bucky, falling, over and over.  Clinging to his hand.  Sometimes, Steve would be the one falling, but Bucky would catch him, catch him, as if to say,
Tony immediately wrote back:
“Punk, you should be honored I chose to drool on you.” Bucky wiped at his face, puffy and swollen from the night before. “I feel like I got hit by a train.” He gagged, trying to get rid of the taste of stale alcohol. Steve handed him a steaming mug.  “Jesus.” He drank for a minute, silent and still prone.  “Did you… Did you say Nat is coming back?” There was a little quaver in his voice, almost imperceptible.
From: Tony 10:41am
He schmoozed with the British kids and told them he was interested in palladium replacements for his clean energy project at their earliest conveniencce.  No need to go into specifics.  As he shuffled his drink to grab his business cards, Steve materialized to deftly hold it for him.  Where had he come from?
“Care to elaborate?”
I was thinking about colleges.  You know, big deal, hearing back from them soon. Do you think I should consider how good the football team is? I’m not really into a lot of sports, but since you do play sports, do you think that will affect campus life?
“Alright, J.  Take it off his bill.” Tony tossed a glance toward Steve to see his mouth hanging open.  “Close your mouth, kid, before you pick up flies.  You saved the company money. You earned it.”
He steps out of the suit entirely, although he leaves it in sentry mode in the corner.  He busies himself heating up a couple cans of soup he finds in his emergency stash and washing the blood from his hands.  He scrubs until the skin is raw and red and then scrubs some more. His back is to Steve.  He looks into the mirror when he turns off the water, meets Steve’s eyes.  He sees him blink rapidly, knows exactly how he feels.
The way he gave and gave of himself.  The way he'd smile at Tony in that secret smile that made Tony glow, because he saw him, he knew him, and he seemed to like him anyway.
“I’m fine,” Barnes told the mystery caller.  “I’m fine and you should go home. Stay out of it.”
disinherit him, disown him.  His mother probably wouldn’t have a heart attack, but she wouldn’t stand up for him, either.  What were his options?  If Howard kicked him out, he could probably couch surf with Rhodey and Pepper until he could get on his own feet.  He just needed to start saving up some capital of his own, squirreling it away so that he’d have it when he needed it.  And pull his work off of the SI servers, so that he could patent it to himself and sell it, rather than just letting Howard market it as his own work.  Okay.  He could make that happen in… if things went right, if he worked hard at it, maybe a month or so.  Just so he’d land on his feet.
She smiled at him, a bit wryly.  “Nah, the hero’s the girl who reported the scumbag in the first place.  Look, Steve.  I’m just saying.  In this hypothetical, you’re me. You worked for him, he held all the cards.  And Stark, he thinks he’s Hodge.  I know, he’s not.  But he thinks he is. I think he was apologizing because he didn’t mean to overstep.  Didn’t mean to come on to someone if that person couldn’t say no.”
“I was right outside.” Tony kissed him again, quickly, a line of tiny kisses across his face. “I get worried about you when you switch off the comm,” he admitted. “I heard from when she called you wise. She could see me, the whole time.  There’s no dream, Steve. There’s no spell. It’s just me.”
With trepidation, he reached out a shaking hand and opened it.
A hand hit Steve’s chest, feeling around curiously.
Peggy had hand-selected and blended a batch of teas for Bruce, and Bruce had designed a flight simulator program for Rhodey to use on his Xbox, still a point of contention for Tony.  Rhodey shamefacedly admitted to being the weak link this year. He bought a batch of throwing knives off of Amazon for Natasha (“But I spent hours searching for the right ones!” he claimed, “And that should count for something!”).  She still looked pleased, polishing them surreptitiously on her sleeve.
“Just ‘Jarvis,’ please.”
Steve doesn’t move as Tony cleans the burn, has to scrub at it to remove the bits of spandex that melted into his flesh.  He doesn’t flinch.  He just watches Tony, careful, expressionless.  Tony would be confused by what’s going on in Steve’s brain, except he knows Steve, now.  That gentle blank expression is just camouflage.  He’s bleeding inside, a mess, shredded up.  Tony can’t decide how he feels about it.  Not glad, though.  It doesn’t make him happy.
“Boys,” Natasha said, eyes sharp.  “All yours.”
“I don’t know, are you supposed to?” Steve asked, studiously adding a note to his recipe.
He’s wearing restraints.  It was a requirement he’d made for coming back with Tony to the tower.  They’re coded to Tony’s commands, something he’d made when they were together, something they’d never gotten to try.  Tony is struck by how not sexy this is.  He’s struck by how easily he could call Ross, deliver him his most desired fugitive.
He finds Steve on a rooftop.  It’s dark, a crescent moon barely lighting up the night sky.  He’s wearing the new uniform. He’s sitting on the edge, looking down at the streets below.  Tony knows Steve can hear his boots, the repulsors, but Steve doesn’t turn around. Stays with his unprotected back toward the suit.
An hour later, Tony was freshly showered and ready for a debrief. He knew Steve would keep it quick, since they were supposed to go get Thai food for the team.  Sometimes they got delivery, but they liked to go to the Thai place together. It was a nice walk, and the owners were sweet.  Tony didn’t say so, but he thought Steve liked to check up on them, especially since they were empty nesters now. Besides, Mrs. Srisati doted on Steve, always stuffing the bag with a few extra boxes of something spicy. Couldn’t blame her, though. Steve was always hungry, and always charming without trying to be. That guileless appeal was one of Tony’s favorite things about him.  Although if he was making a list, it probably wouldn’t even rank in the top ten. Top twenty, even.  He shoved the thought aside.
“Tony had to drop, already knew the whole curriculum,” Rhodey volunteered before Tony elbowed him in the ribs.  “Dude, Tony, it’s cool!”
MCU!Steve pines.
“Love, Shell”
Steve paused.  “No. I. I just want to hold you, know that you’re safe. That you’re mine.” He hesitated again. “That I won’t lose you, too,” he added, quiet, so quiet. Tony wasn’t even sure he was meant to hear.
“Shit.  Hell. I shouldn’t have left him alone.  When he said they denied him I thought I could talk to a friend of mine who’s an aide to a member of the armed services committee. I thought if I talked to her in person I could get him back on the list. Fuck.  He thinks I left him? I would never.  Steve.  You know I would never.”
Steve dropped his gaze, ashamed.  He moved toward the car, then hesitated. “I can’t.  It’s leather. I’ll mess it up.”
Tony’s heart stops for a second, as he catches Steve’s wink.
“You always catch me,” Steve says. “Caught me,” he corrects himself. He looks watery at the edges.  Then he pulls himself together.  “Anyway.  No team.” He gives what he thinks is his patented “I’m fine” grin.  It isn’t.
Steve draws in a deep breath. It quavers.  “No.  I lost him.  I lost him and they found him and now, he’ll never be the same.  He remembers everyone.  Every single hit they sent him on.  It’s most of why he’s in cryo, I think.” Steve at last looks at him.  “I lost perspective.  I couldn’t lose you that way.  I had to stop you because you would have killed him.  And you’ve been drowning in guilt as long as I’ve known you. I would have lost you, the person I know, the person I… The Tony Stark I know would have been gone. We’ve all killed people, in battle. It weighs on us. This was different. You’re not a murderer, Tony.  I had to stand for you.  The way you would have done for me. The way you do. Always making sure I’m the best version of myself I can be.”
“Barnes, cover Stane; Tash, take the gun.” Steve melted into the background.
Steve was horrified, incensed.  “No.” He wished he could believe that kind of thing didn’t happen, but he also wasn’t naïve.  How many of those scenarios happened daily? Too many. “Were you…”
“Thanks for that,” Tony said.  He was truly grateful.  Galas were normally awful.  He knew he had issues with alcohol, but they ran in the family, a long ingrained quirk of biology.  Howard had always maintained there was no such thing as an alcoholic, just a weak man.  He’d often implied to Tony that such a man wasn’t worthy or capable of running SI.  Of course, he’d implied a lot of shit.  Tony just didn’t trust people to be sensible anymore.  He figured, all he had to do was hold out for another few weeks, keep the facade up, and then it would be irrelevant.  Pepper would run SI in her perfect, efficient way.  She’d do her best.  Tony just had to leave her a strong foundation.  He couldn’t risk tanking the business before then. This one good thing, he wanted it to last.
(See the end of the chapter for
This was the best thing that had ever happened to him.  “But I’m not sure if physics can defeat the Force.”
Steve’s heart sank.  “It’s the truth, sir.  Bucky’s one of my only friends.  Natasha, that’s his girlfriend, we met in Iraq.  That’s about it.  I really don’t want to cause any trouble, you know.”
Tony feels like he’s been hit in the chest again, like the reactor’s been cracked again.
A soft knock sounded at his door, and then it opened without waiting for a response.
“—and I stood by you during your stupid ultimate Frisbee stage in high school.  I watched you burn up your insides with Howard Stark’s death ray—“
“No, this is ridiculous. I tracked your pin. Idiot!”
Tony turned to Steve, helpless and flustered.  For a second, he could have sworn that Steve looked… Something. But then it was gone, and he was grinning at Tony. “Oh I see how it is.  Don’t worry about it—I’ll get the clones all set up.”
He got an email that night.  11pm.
would barely be noticeable.
Steve just blushed and looked away, embarrassed.
Tony took him to the VA, as he sometimes did.  But this time he pulled Steve in by the collar, kissed him, and said he’d be back to pick him up for lunch, that they could get a blueplate special somewhere if he showed his AARP card. Then he’d pulled him back for one more quick, casual kiss at the corner of his mouth, his eyes scrunching in the corners still. Steve knew he was smiling through the whole meeting, but his veterans didn’t seem to mind. One of them commented that it was good to see him happy, genuinely happy.  She said she couldn’t remember the last time he’d smiled like that. And Tony let Steve pick up the check for lunch, kissing him thank you.
Then he got himself under control. He entered the ostentatious room to find Tony, on his knees, dripping wet.
He was still trying to figure out an angle when his phone beeped again.
“Jim Morita?” Steve asked from the back.  “Really? Tony that would be so great!”
“Alright, J.  Do what you gotta do. Relay the information to Pepper.  Get legal on it.  I want ground broken on those wells by next Friday, you got it?”
After a moment, Tony cleared his throat.  “So I brought him back to the tower to clean him up.  I had Jarvis check him for a microchip, but no luck. He’s quite the little asshole.  Seems to like you, though.”
Steve paused for a second, noticing the movement, then continued, praising where Natasha had taken out the witch’s rabid wolf friend without drawing any attention. She winked at Tony. Maybe it had been her? If so, she had very large feet for a woman, which he felt like he would have noticed.
Stomach acid threatened his throat, he was going to vomit if he kept thinking about Hammer. He turned up the volume on Netflix and tried to block out the world, pulling the blanket over his head.  Somewhere around episode three, he drifted off. When he woke it was dark. Netflix had long-since paused. “Are you still watching?” No.  He didn’t even remember what he’d been watching in the first place.  He dragged himself to the kitchen. There was coffee, a yogurt he didn’t remember buying and a frozen burrito.  He ate the yogurt, microwaved the burrito.  It tasted a little freezer-burned, but he didn’t really care.  He bypassed the coffee entirely. Didn’t even want it. Tony checked his email again.  Nearly 10pm and still nothing.
So he wasn’t being petulant, Steve told himself, as he stayed at home, reading Stark’s file over a cup of the same tragically weak coffee. SHIELD wasn’t doing anything with him anyway.  All he did was read files.  May as well do that from the privacy of his own goddamn home.
“I’ll let you know.”
Tony weighed the odds for a split second.  Keep Hammer baited for eight months, give or take.  String him along just enough, never letting him too close to Nat… maybe something new and shiny would come along. If he could just keep up the game for those short months, he’d be out free.  Nat would never even have to know.  His father.  Howard.  He wouldn’t be able to touch him once he turned eighteen.  Okay. It was a deal with the devil, for sure, but Tony thought he’d be able to do it.  Play Hammer. Protect Natasha. Keep everyone’s secrets.
Tony sighed.  “Look, I’m not a monster, okay?”
Tony thought fast.  What would he have had Pepper do? Most of the assistant activities were handled by Jarvis, anyway, or they had been since she took off.  “Just get acquainted with SI.  Do some reading.  Jarvis can get it for you.  I want you to understand the whole company.  I might loan you out to help our CFO for a bit, if you feel up to it. Also, a friend of mine might come by this afternoon, if he can get time off.  Rhodes.  He’s Air Force,” Tony added at the last minute.
Steve forced himself to reply. “No,” he gritted out.  “Thank you,” he added after a moment.
“Tony, tell me what to do! Should I call a doctor? What happened? Please, stay with me.”
, and then Steve would be back on the train and Bucky would be falling again. “Guess you always were too much of a little guy,” he’d say.  “I thought I could trust you.”
Well, it’s not like he had to worry about seducing beautiful people, or finding love.  Or even lust. Not for much longer, anyway.  He gave himself maybe two months.  Maybe.  And sure, he could find something to replace the palladium. It’s not like he wasn’t trying.  But there was a little voice inside that whispered that there wasn’t a replacement.  And that it was fair.  It was only what he deserved.
It's not one-sided!
. Vague enough that if someone else ended up seeing it they wouldn’t know it was about the glass in Obadiah’s outstretched hand.  Smart. Loyal. Tony’s heart ached a little thinking of Steve, knowing that Steve hadn’t betrayed him, wouldn’t betray him. “I know you think Miss Potts will be able to keep Stark Industries on this path of water filters and baby bottles, but… it’s hard to turn a ship that’s been going full steam ahead.  I think you’ll find she’s no match for me. Or you would, if you had more time.” Contempt filled his voice. For Tony.  For Pepper.
Tony shoved him. It didn’t even phase the bastard, he just laughed and made his way to the quinjet, picking up Tony’s broken left shin guard on the way. Tony followed so he could ogle that perfect backside, handing the sample to a SHIELD lackey.
She caught the hat in one hand, tossing it onto the table.  “I mean, you don’t have to
,” Barnes retorted. Steve gave him a look. Wow. “Nat has licenses, I’m just here with her,” Barnes backtracked, cowed.
But that’s what made Steve who he was. He didn’t want to confront Fury. He didn’t really enjoy fighting, when it came down to it.  Tony shook his head, knowing Steve couldn’t see it.  Steve just couldn’t look the other way. He couldn’t turn away when he saw injustice.  Couldn’t.
From: Steeb 10:39am
Fuck.
A new message.
Tony’s silent.  He has to hang up. “You too.” He ends the call.
I know, I'm super slow.  Also, I don't have a beta, so all the mistakes are completely mine. But, like most needy, insecure authors, I live for comments.
“Shut the fuck up.  I mean, I get what you’re saying about Macbeth (witches, lady Macbeth) and about Othello. But Hamlet isn’t gay! I’d know!” Send.
“Alright, J.  Let the kid in.” He turned around to see Rogers push the door open, closing it behind him.  He hovered right in front of it, clearly unsure of himself.  It made the hackles rise on Tony’s neck.  He couldn’t be that disturbed by a little scarring, could he? He was in the army, for Christ’s sake.
“It’s fine, Steve.  Just, you know, when I’m a little tired, it gets a little tired,” Tony said, offhand. He saw Steve open his mouth to ask another question, so he struck close to home. “After all, I didn’t get much sleep last night since I was playing nurse.”
“Right, well, I mean, I guess the serum works differently than Bruce’s thing. Processed it differently,” Steve tried, flailing wildly inside.
Steve buckled his seatbelt.
But it was fine, really, he liked talking to Flying through email. They were still the best part of his day.  And, yes, if he was honest, he felt this connection deeply.  To his bones.  It was almost as if he was able to get to know Flying so well
Reluctantly, the would-be thief reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone.
After lunch, May would escort him to the gym.  He was fairly sure there were cameras, sensors, tracking his performance, his exertion, seeing if his body measured up to Erskine’s notes.  To Banner.  Seeing where his limits were.  He broke a punching bag on the first day.  It was replaced when he returned.  He broke the replacement. They set him on an indoor running track. They said it was to help him train.  So they could increase the speed, change the settings. Keep him agile. Steve was pretty sure it was so he couldn’t go running around in public, where anyone could see him.  Where his interactions wouldn’t be carefully scripted.  But he didn’t complain.  He did understand.  He was a liability.
“Of course, sir.”
“What the hell, Tones, what the hell do you do in the bathroom?” Rhodey asked.
He felt naked, small, as Mr. Stark continued to watch him, observing, almost as if he was one of the engineer’s many projects.
Steve was doing that evasive blushing thing again.  “Just think how easy it’s going to be to kick my ass,” he said, side stepping the issue.  So clearly, he had definitely been in a secret, hotness-avoiding, intelligence-shaming, game-abjuring cult.  Nobody else in their right mind was going to leave a guy like Steve home on a Saturday—hell, on any night.  He was smart, and kind, and hotter than hell.  What kind of idiots didn’t want that?
Steve reached out a hand, clearly without thinking about it.  He seemed to realize what he was doing as his fingers were just millimeters from Tony’s worst scarring.  His mouth worked, briefly, soundlessly, and he yanked his hand back. Yep.
implied at the end. Silent, but no less clear.
“Of course, sir.”
Lunch was in a cafeteria.  People pointedly averted their eyes in respect.  Or maybe Fury had warned them away.  Either way, it was a quiet existence. Sometimes Steve felt like he’d lose his voice in his silence.
-Shell”
Bucky continued to ignore his attempt at diversion. “So.  Tony.”
“Just glad you’re back, man,” Sam said.  “History was too boring without your little doodles.”
Steve read the long play instantaneously.  The goon kills Tony or gets shot by Natasha and Steve, depending on who was quicker on the draw, while Obadiah paralyzes the rest of them.  Shoots them all, frames it as a hit for hire, gone bad, emerges a tragic hero.
“I’m not sure, let me check my calendar,” Tony said, pulling his phone out of his pocket.
Ugh. Another petty criminal looking for some sort of super replacement.  Prosthetics, by the look of things.
“Yeah, and then pretty boy will see you didn’t sell the weapon that hit his buddy.  Win-win.”
Steve’s eyes widened, clearly remembering the incident.  “Oh, really? I didn’t know, that’s—but you’re such a great runner! We’re lucky to have you!”
“No apologies, Rogers, I’m a remarkably sexy man,” Tony said in the same teasing tone. “Is it, is it just a crush? You’re smitten by the lifestyle? Midlife sexuality crisis?”
“Just ‘Jarvis’ will do, Mr. Rogers,” was the response that he felt
Tony pulled on a coat and walked over to the Maximoff’s house.  It took 48 seconds, not that he was counting. The house looked pretty dark when he got there. Maybe they weren’t home.  He rang the bell, and it sounded, a tiny little tinkling noise that was incongruous with the heavy construction of the house.
Tony wasn’t sure how to deal.  “Thanks, Rogers.” His voice didn’t waver, but it was a close thing.
“Jarvis?”
“Yeah you!” Rhodey chimed in.  “You’ll fit right in!”
“No,” Natasha said.  “What are you hearing?”
Bucky couldn’t help; he’d barely picked up slang overseas.  Languages, he said, were just not his thing.  But Natasha, when she got home.  She spoke more languages than Steve did.  Everything her unit might have come in contact with on assignment, from Russian to some elementary Hindi. So Steve could wait.  Verify.  Nat should be home soon anyway.  It had been hours since she started back.  And it wasn’t like this issue was time sensitive—he’d been working on it for weeks.  Okay.  Then he’d wait.  Maybe it was nothing. That would be the worst.  It would sound like he’d made up an excuse to call.
He brushed his teeth, towel wrapped around his waist.  He wasn’t sure what to wear to bed.  Normally he slept naked, but he felt a little awkward.  Or maybe just strategically defensive, since kittens had claws and the blankets were thin.  He decided on a pair of Iron Man underwear Tony’d given him when he moved in. It had helped break the ice, started a short round of gag gifts that ended when Thor loosed an actual black widow in Tony’s room.  Steve had ended up being the one to find and remove it.  Clint wouldn’t touch it and Bruce and Natasha were away on a mission.
He did it.  He’d really done it. Tony delicately placed the triangle in the redesigned core.  He’d had to modify the device to accept the hypothetical element, making the reactor currently in his chest seem outdated and clumsy.  Well, he preened smugly, the previous reactor was based on Howard’s work, anyway.  This new one, this was all his.  His baby, so to speak, but cooler and with less mess.  He looked around at the devastation that used to be a workshop.  So maybe not less mess.  But less smelly, anyway.
“Uh huh,” Rhodey agreed dubiously, catching the waitress’s eye and signaling for their check.  “Just take care of yourself.  Look, if Rogers is really that smart, have him help Stane out with the research into how those weapons got away from you, yeah? You gotta get some sleep.  You’re looking sort of worn down. You can’t do everything on your own.”
The Avengers looked at him in unison.
Something loosened up a bit in Steve’s shoulders. “Me? I’m just a kid from Brooklyn,” he said with a wry grin.
Pepper’s face showed up on Tony’s screen.  Facetime.  He hadn’t even brushed his hair yet.
Tony gave a sardonic chuckle. “Rogers. You’ve more than paid off any debt.  If anything, I owe you at this point.  You don’t need to come back.” It would be better, really, if he didn’t.  Better for Steve, certainly.  Probably better for everyone, really. Tony could keep an eye on Stern remotely, make sure he didn’t go after Steve, and get Jarvis to help Rhodey to continue after the arc reactor died. After he died. “The phone’s yours.  Consider it severance.”
The house was dark and empty, but not the comforting warmth of a haven.  It was a cave.  Devoid of comfort. Tony felt like a pinball, completely aimless.
Pepper fixed him with a very direct look.  “I don’t care about the painting, Steve.  I’m glad you’re mostly alright.”
“I’m sure Tony wins every year,” Peggy said. “Aren’t you something of an inventing genius?”
be our only legacy.  My only legacy,” he finished softly. He found himself looking down at the sketchbook still lying open on the workbench, somehow left unscathed by the falling shelves (and one very small and easily extinguished fire—Dum-E actually got it this time, which was worth celebrating in its own right).  He closed the book, smoothed the cover, fingers unthinkingly tracing over the letters on the front.  The edges of Steve’s drawing of Obie stuck out, a bit dog-eared.
Still, it was probably better this way.  He didn’t think he could stand it if Steve was enamored with him only for it to be magically induced.  Arc reactor or no, his heart would give out if that love suddenly disappeared.
He woke up hours later.  Dark again outside.  Tony wandered out to his kitchen aimlessly.  There wasn’t anything there when he left, no reason to think anything would be now.
. Steve wanted to wrap Tony up and protect him, tell him how amazing he was, just be in the same space—he felt lighter and happier when he was with Tony, even bringing him coffee, getting to see him when he’d just woken up, lax and gentle, he wanted to spend every late night listening to him quantify what he needed to work on the next day, he wanted to shield Tony from aggressive reporters at press conferences and beam with pride at how he handled himself and hold him and comfort him afterward. He wanted to cover that ridiculous bed in a thousand silky rose petals and spread Tony down within them. He wanted everything with Tony.  He wanted to give everything to him.
Scenario three: Tony was listening to some type of new music that Steve wasn’t familiar with.  He’d been blindsided by Britney Spears, after coming out of the ice, asking if they’d replaced singers with robots.  Tony’d said, yes, and this was one of the best, playing four or five of her songs on repeat for him before laughing until he couldn’t breathe.  After that, he’d teased him mercilessly about it, looking over at Steve whenever they ended up fighting robots and saying, “this is your fault, should’ve worn a warning” and following that up immediately with “oops, I did it again,” rolling his eyes and winking. It was the best part of his day, and the worst.  It felt like flirting, but it was just Tony being Tony.
“Yes, ma’am,” Happy muttered sullenly. Steve wasn’t sure he was going to let the issue drop, but there wasn’t a lot he could do about it.
Bucky emerged from the bathroom, grey towel wrapped around his waist, hair damp.  “Fuck.  I am never drinking anything ever again. That shit’s the devil.” He yawned and shook his head so that his hair sent little droplets flying. Nat’s pink hairband was back on his wrist. “So what’s your good news?” His voice sounded particularly casual.
Tony’s blood seethed, hot.  Stern would never touch Steve.  Tony wanted Steve miles away from here, from this man, this grasping, vile john.
Tony felt oddly vulnerable.  “Peachy, cupcake.” He just felt… bristly.  Who was this kid to judge? Still, he knew part of it was embarrassment.  He’d used to be a genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist.  Now he’d just have to settle for three out of four.  Nobody wanted a man who looked like he stepped out of a scifi movie.  Except for cosplayers.  And that wasn’t really his type.  He grabbed the mug, getting ready to shove Steve out of his bedroom.  Ironic, he thought, given that he’d normally have liked having life-size-Ken
Tony just continued to stare.  But Lorraine. “No. It isn’t,” he blurted out. He’d written Steve off as impossible so long ago it didn’t add up.
He followed Steve up the stairs, which gave him the perfect opportunity to stare at that ass.  Jesus.  It was no wonder if the guy could run a 6 minute mile for a whole marathon.  Stamina, too.  Not that Tony was thinking, well, anything.
“It landed on your boot,” Tony pointed out, tapping the filter and watching the particles float down. “I was a little worried about you, actually.”
Tony hesitates.  Actually, he’s not.  He’s never changed the coding for the door.  He gives a brief command to Friday, missing Jarvis terribly.  That one’s on him, though. He nods, releases the restraints.  The cuffs open.
“Of course. Pepper always takes care of our people.” Tony slid on his sunglasses.
“Brunch here, tomorrow, 11am, everyone’s invited. It’s mandatory,” Tony announced.  They had questions, he was sure.  He owed them all some answers.  About the arc reactor.  About Stane.
“Well, step up your game, Stark, or you know what I’ll do.  I’ll destroy you,” Hammer spit at him.  “Your father will disown you.  You’ll be out on the street within minutes. Your mother will have a goddamn heart attack and it’ll be your fault.” They could hear the sink turn on, water splashing.  A second later the door opened, and Hammer slung his arm quickly around Tony’s neck.
Tony pressed himself closer into Steve’s warmth.  “Stay.” Steve’s whole body relaxed. “Then you won’t have to wake up to check on me in the middle of the night.”
“That appears to be a primitive type of encryption code, sir.”
This time, Steve reached for him.
“What happened? Tell me nobody kissed me,” he joked, eyes flying open.  Steve Rogers: beautiful, light behind him, hair falling damply in his face, eyelashes filtering the sunlight.
alone all the time.  Some of us are used to that.  Like it even.  You’re not made like us.”
His mind kept straying.  Tony.  He’d really messed things up with him.  He thought he had been helpful.  He was pretty sure that he’d been able to keep most of the day to day chores off of Tony’s desk, managed to ease his mind sometimes.  Helped him, even, keep his cover at the gala.  He just shouldn’t have let himself get so carried away.  Steve grimaced, thinking of the romantic signals he must have been projecting.  Had Tony caught him ogling? Had he seen him when he’d mentioned the maid’s outfit? Had Steve’s words given him away? It was humiliating.  And Tony had never said anything.  Too polite, probably. He remembered a snippet of conversation from just a few days ago.
He flipped to the next page, unable to deny his curiosity.
Steve smiled, soft, knowing exactly what he meant.  Now that the gala was over, the weight of it seemed to dissipate from both their shoulders.  “Of course, Tony.” He paused. “What did you normally do?”
Tony turned around, but Steve had his back to him.  “Right, well, feel free to take them out for a test drive. Let me know if they need adjustments.” He wanted to keep Steve in the workshop, but wasn’t really sure how to do that without giving himself away.  “Where’d you put the LF?” He couldn’t help himself.  He knew Steve didn’t like the name, but it was like he couldn’t stop pulling his proverbial pigtails.
“I gave her some blue ribbon,” Steve shot back.
“Little fucker scratched me,” Tony told him, petulantly.
“Tony.  It wasn’t your fault. You were trying to help.  You called the FBI.  You were being responsible.”
Comments make me all squishy :D
“You tell me,” she challenged.
There they were. Photos of Steve, scrawny and defiant.  A fierce surge of protectiveness shot through Tony.
“Hey man,” Rhodey said as Jimmy got in the car. “What’s with the face?”
Steve sighed, heavily, squaring his shoulders, lifting his chin.
“But it’s such a pretty ass,” Barnes said, batting his eyelashes theatrically at Tony.  Tony rolled his eyes again.  At this rate, his mother was going to be posthumously right after all, and they would get stuck this way.
“Yes, sir.  Miss Potts had the workmen install it.  She felt, since you enjoy pizza so regularly, that it might behoove you to have the ability to make it on the premises, sir,” Jarvis added primly.
Tony actually laughed, narrowly avoiding spitting a blueberry at the guy. “I’m not an officer, Rogers. Military is definitely not my style.”
From: Nat 10:44am
That was a fair point.  Still.  “You’re still a jerk.” He turned into Sam’s driveway while Rhodey was chuckling to himself.
For the first time since he came out of the ice, Steve slept the night through.
“Understood, ma’am.” Steve vacillated for a second. How would he survive the moment when he had to pull his affection back? And yet.  If it was the only way he’d be able to touch him. To show him.  If no one else would know. He felt a little twinge of guilt.  Would it be unfair to Tony? But she said, no one else would be harmed. Would it only be a dream? Then it would only be his loss.  And he knew that burden all too well. He knew how to say goodbye. “Yes.  I love him so much that some days it feels like I’m drowning because I can’t tell him, because I can’t lose him in my life.  If you can give me a day, when I can tell him, I can show him.  When he forgets, well… I think I can take the hit.”
Hulk punched him.
Again, no beta, so all mistakes are definitely and completely mine.
“Tony, this is…” Steve began.  He didn’t even have the words for it.
Abraham got up and pulled Steve into a hug briefly, then spun him around and pushed him toward the door.  “Don’t forget your jacket!” he called after him, as Steve grabbed the keys from the bowl.  “And you still have a curfew!”
“Sure,” Steve replied, “we hated him.  He was a manipulative asshole, a bully, always trying to throw his weight around. He was so sleazy he made my skin crawl.”
Jesus. Good thing Steve wasn’t a corporate spy. He’d seen the thing once? Twice? And he sketched a perfect replica from memory?
“Divorce, huh?” Steve asked, gently, pulling Tony close.  “I guess we’d have to get married for that to happen.” It didn’t sound like a new thought to him.  “And maybe that’s one way to make sure you won’t run on me.” He didn’t wait for Tony to formulate a response, just kissed him, over and over, as if he could heal all the spaces in Tony that bled.
“So you said,” Tony replies.  “I get it. I hear you.  What do you want?” He should have told him.  It destroys Tony that he didn’t. That he kept it from him.  His mother. Rationally, he knows Steve would have told him, when he found a way.  Rationally, he can see it was Hydra, it wasn’t Barnes.  But unfortunately, only the suit is mechanized.  Tony Stark is still human.
Steve smiled and waved it away.  “I’m happy you two are happy.”
Steve threw a leg over his bike, put the key in the ignition. In a reckless act of daring, he called out, “I will miss you, Tony.”
Morita took a deep breath.  “Yeah.  Thanks, man.  Thanks for encouraging me to take that SAT the last time, too.  I think that 1500 is what sold them on me in the end.” Tony’s ears perked up, tallying points on his invisible scorecard of Who Might Be Flying, which sounded more like a drug reference and less like a guessing game when he said it like that.
“Steve?” Tony asks when he picks up the phone.  He doesn’t need to ask. No one else left him a little flip phone.  No one else underdelivered on his promises so spectacularly.
Tony jumped up immediately. “Yes! This is great! Fifty bucks to the best costume! Hey, you,” he pointed at the next table, “you’re invited! Sam’s house, party, spread the word! You, yeah, you, you’re invited too! And you!”
“Fifteen year olds are reckless, Tony. They make their own choices. It may not have been perfect, but you kept an eye on him. Your suit protected him.”
“What’s up with you, man?” Sam asked, afterward. “You normally don’t put me through my paces like that. Something bothering you or did you just decide I must have been skimping on leg day?”
Love, Shell.”
Tony pretended to be hurt.  “Steve.  You don’t understand.  You’ve never felt the joy of mini golf before.  There are little tiny hobbit-size golf clubs, and windmills, and a giant clown that’s scary as fuckall.  Besides, it’s a rite of passage, I’m pretty sure.  Everybody has to go mini golfing.  I mean, you’re a little bit of a late bloomer.  Most of us do this in middle school.  High school maybe.  Everyone has at least a couple mini golf dates.” Tony shuddered, remembering the last mini golf date he’d been on, where he’d been pushed into the duck pond.  He’d probably been fourteen.  He’d definitely deserved it. It was awful.  On the other hand, maybe Steve had a point.  Why mini golf again? “You’ve really never been? Not even on a middle school date?”
Steve shuddered.  Tony didn’t know what he was asking.  To watch the end of this.  Watch the light slowly burn away his dreams.
“No, I’m actually a genius, you know, I get it: I’m bait. Back on the couch with me.”
Tony choked.  Maybe it was a laugh.  “Seriously, Rogers.  Get in.”
Satisfied that the crystals were gone, Bucky plinked the spoon pointedly down into the dishwasher, grabbed the mug, and made his way over to the table.
Natasha handed out the index cards and Pepper drew a handful of pens from her purse.  Steve had an old fedora that he used to collect the cards.
Christ. That kid was too nice for his own good. “Oh, he’s not my friend,” Tony assured him, going to open the door.  Hammer hadn’t stopped pounding on the doorbell anyway.  “Quit it, Hammer,” he said as soon as he opened the door.  A wave of cologne assaulted him as Hammer pushed past him.
Damn these stupid little silences.
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitched.  “I don’t think you’re supposed to celebrate your PA sticking around for a couple weeks, Tony.  I think you’re supposed to tell the help to get back to work.” Tony’s easy prattle helped ground him.
“Now with you gone, Stark Industries can get back to doing what it’s best at.  Making weapons that will help steer the world back on course.  With the balance of power in our hands.  The right hands.” He was holding the sketch of himself, examining the shading. And then Tony saw it, Steve’s neat letters.
“Sir has actually been developing the program since he was at MIT.  His first notes about the program were taken just after his 16
Steve was both humiliated and turned on, more images of Tony flooding his mind, unbidden, short white vinyl skirt hiding nothing.  Humiliation won quickly though, and he flushed, looking at the floor.
“Where did you come from?” Tony asked.
A motorcycle. Mother dead a few years. Harry Potter. Playing a sport. SATs. No. No no no. There was no way, was there? He couldn’t be this much of an asshole just to cover up his secrets?  If he was, Jesus, he’d done too good a job. No way to ask right now.  Maybe Tony could just drop some hints in an email tonight? See if he’d had a particularly bad day?
Steve flushed. “I’m certain that’s not what she would have wanted,” he said. “She probably just wanted to get a story on you.”
“Wait, what?” Tony asked.
“Of course, Pepper,” Steve said, wondering vaguely how she managed the stairs in those heels. He already had a plan, anyway. A plan and a new friend in Sam Wilson, the bartender. Wilson was ex-Air Force, and fortuitously, someone that Steve’d met before on a mission outside Bagram.
“Okay, well, maybe not quite as smart,” Steve amended. “So, I’m holding a chem study group after school Friday.  I mean it’s no
Bucky opened an eye and looked over at him with mock irritation.  With a final kiss, he pulled Natasha up and into his lap. “Yes,” he said, looking at her. “That was definitely a yes.”
“Yes, sir,” Barnes answered tersely.
Steve didn’t move an inch.  His posture didn’t change. Immovable.
“Almost, Sir.  I’m currently decrypting one rather stubborn piece of data.  As of now, nothing alarming. Covert but sanctioned missions throughout his tours, commendations for leadership. The last file seems to be protected with a digital key of some sort, but I am attempting to ascertain how to access it.”
“Ah yes,” Erskine responded thoughtfully. “I like the thinking behind that strategy.” He noticed the rest of them shuffling a bit.  “I believe you have a study group to attend? If you don’t mind, I’d like to speak with Steven for a moment, and then off to study for you all.”
Steve was looking at him sort of quizzically.  “I don’t understand.  How did we get from you wanting to play chess to being on the cross country team?” he asked, genuinely confused.
He let himself in, not wanting to wake Jarvis, who had still left him a snack on the counter—crackers, apple slices, and a dish of peanut butter.  His keys seemed too loud in the night, echoing off the hard surfaces.  A single light was on in the kitchen, just a small circle of light on the plate.  Jarvis, of course.
“I’m in DC. I told him I was going to DC to get in touch with a contact from my old unit.  What’s going on?” her voice was sharp now. Not panicked, but getting there. Her voice was low and level, like always, but he could hear the nerves.
The door popped open, and Steve entered.
“Alright, Rogers.  Filled out the forms?”
“Shell,
means anything.” Rhodes knew how exacting command could be, how much guilt a man could carry when one of his own died.
Wanda came forward in the dim hallway.  “He’s just really fast.  Always running.  What’s up?” she echoed.
“You sure this is how you want to spend your day, Tony?” Steve asked.
Tony calls him, sometimes.  The first time, he tells him upfront that they have sixty seconds before Ross can trace the call because he’s tracing almost anything that goes out of country.  He tells him not to say where he is.  Like Tony doesn’t know. That leaves them about fifty seconds for a difficult conversation. It takes dozens of calls, and Tony’s always the one who has to hang up. They both make apologies, explain, begin to maybe forgive.
“Well. I guess maybe we took a break, huh? Decided it wasn’t for us?” his voice quavered, just a little, heart racing, imploding, trying to break free of his ribs.
Steve’s mouth thinned. “Nope.”
Natasha had the paperwork in motion to separate his assets.  They were at a lawyer that she somehow knew, Murdock.  His parents were out of town. That would give him a little bit of a breather. Even Howard couldn’t magically teleport here and beat the shit out of him without accounting for physics. That would give him the better part of a day. And that’s only if it made a major news outlet, not the little gossip site that served as a school rumor mill.  After all, yesterday it had hosted a post that said T’Challa was a Black Panther trying to bring down American society from within.  Idiots.
Well, that was interesting.  And Jarvis was very chatty for a robot.  Steve thought, anyway, not having had a lot of experience with other AI. Sure, Jarvis was his master’s creation, bound to see Mr. Stark in the best light.  But still—who was taking advantage of him? “I see. Did Mr. Stark leave instructions for me after the SI France call?”
Steve ran it over in his mind a few times.  Is that what Tony had meant?  Maybe Natasha was right.  He’d asked if he could come in, after his apology.  Steve hadn’t made anything of it at the time, but it fit Nat’s theory.  Or was that his stupid heart again, full of hope and optimism and running away from his brain? But his heart hadn’t imagined Tony’s fingertips on Steve’s face.
“I thought maybe you’d run into one of those bilgesnipe Thor mentioned,” Tony said, walking up and planting a quick kiss on him, snaking his armored arm around Steve’s waist.  “I mean, I knew you could handle it on your own, but I like watching you in action.” He winked up at Steve, whose heart was going through a variety of interesting tempo changes. It wasn’t the first time he’d kissed Steve, actually.  A few months back he’d kissed him squarely on the mouth—a joke, he’d said, although Steve wasn’t sure on whom.  And Steve’d never gotten over it. “C’mon, let’s get cleaned up and get home.  I told the kid you’d make waffles.” He squeezed Steve’s waist, and then gestured toward Njorun.  “Thor’s waiting outside.”
“Hey, everybody. You all know by now, that I’m gay.” Tony’s voice shook, a little, but it was strong.  “I didn’t choose to say it that way, but it’s there. And it’s true.” He wiped his palms against his jacket, crown a bit askew on his head.  He looked at Pepper, Valentine Queen. She nodded encouragingly. Tony took a deep breath, then: “And I’m in love with the guy who is on the other end of those emails you all saw.  Flying, I don’t know what you look like, but I know who you are. I know you.  I know that you are kind, and generous, that you champion what’s right, and that you are smart, and thoughtful. I know that I love you. And I’ll be waiting for you, until midnight, at the place you mentioned you go to remember that someone is always in your corner.  Because I am.” Tony’s voice cracked a little at the end.  The room was a blur, nothing in focus. He handed the microphone over to Pepper, who hugged him tight, and walked out, not looking around, not looking back.  Silence held until he stepped out of the doors, but he could hear commotion as it latched behind him.
“Tony?” Pepper asked, confused.
From: Rhodeybear 10:42am
“Not based on what I saw.” The dirt floor, Yinsen. The taste of fear. “We’re not doing a good enough job.” Tony picked up a screwdriver, tapped it in his hand a few times.  Put it down. “We’re going to do better. We’re going to do something else.”
“She left me, man, an’ I don’ blame her, she’s amazing you know? And I’m… fuck, Stevie, I’m nothing…” There was a splash and the line went dead.
“Are you running away?” Tony asked.
He was so gentle with Tony.  Sweet.  Generous. And goddamn enthusiastic.  Steve anticipated him, fingers resting gently over the reactor, cleaned it up, wiped him down with a warm cloth.
Rhodey shrugged, picking up another cookie.  “The ROTC info session ended twenty minutes ago. I came over right away. Sam sent me a photo of these babies,” he said, looking fondly at his cookie.
Wait a second, how the hell does Rogers know about a Spanish quiz? Tony asks, “How the hell do you know that?”
Steve looked up, haloed by the light illuminating the kitchen.  Reprieve.  Relief.  “Well, when they ship food, they ship staples.  Dry goods.  Grains.  Protein. Sometimes they ship vitamins.  But those two areas are already good for growing sour oranges, for onions.  Those will help with the malnutrition that can happen, even if the people are being fed. But even more than that, those components are indigenous to their diets.  That way, they can feel like home.  Even if they don’t really have one anymore.” He dropped his eyes to his plate.  “Even if there’s no home to go back to. They can start a new one, and it will feel familiar.” He paused. “It might be stupid. Why waste water on a greenhouse, right? But, if it can feel more like home…”
Tony was watching the road, driving cautiously.  Thinking about Flying’s last email. They’d been emailing for weeks now.  And Tony knew so much about him—he wasn’t really into cars but wanted to save up money for a motorcycle.  He wanted intensely to get scholarships to go to school so it didn’t end up costing his family.  He’d taken the SAT three times to make sure he scored over 1500. He played a sport, liked reading, and couldn’t stand country music.  He loved Harry Potter and hated the Divergent series.  He missed his best friend so badly it hurt, and the guy had never sent a forwarding address.  He was funny, and smart.  He played chess but wasn’t on the chess team. He was fundamentally kind, good, like Sam.  He cried watching Up, wondering if he’d ever find that kind of love.  He knew everything about this guy except what he looked like.  Tony had tried picturing him, but it never worked.
She took a sip of coffee, but Tony could see a smile.  “No problem, Stark.  I got your back.”
10:55.
Erskine had been in and out of SI for years, right up until Project Rebirth. Nice guy, as Tony remembered.  Kind, always with an encouraging word. But he’d died years ago. And now Howard was gone, clearly Tony had been left in the dark, and Steve had somehow gotten himself discharged.  And Stern thought he could send the wolves after him, get him back into the fold, back under his lecherous, grubby thumb.
Pepper pulled out a wet wipe and passed it to Peggy, who scrubbed vigorously for a moment, making Steve’s skin pink and his eyebrow tousled.
He heard footsteps leaving the apartment.
“Not at all, Mr. Rogers,” Jarvis replied. Steve could swear he was slightly less cold, but perhaps he was just getting used to having a voice direct him around through the ceiling.
“Pepper’s dad banned you after you drank all the good scotch,” Rhodey pointed out.
Obie opened his mouth but Steve beat him to it. “Lay down the weapon.”
Steve looked at Pepper.  Her mouth twisted.  “His mother died a few years ago.  It’s the anniversary.”
Wasn’t he early? Well, shit, the workshop was a disaster zone.  On the other hand, Obie had been almost family for longer than Tony had been alive.  He’d seen worse.
“Go ahead.  Call your boy, tell him the good news.”
“Truth! And they say young people don’t respect their elders anymore!”
Steve was always helpless against him.
Coulson turned, half a smile.
“They’re completely not suggestions,” Steve told him, for the hundredth time.
“Okay, Morita, here’s a puzzler: You’ve got a Street Triple and a Moto Guzzi V7 Racer transversal V-twin. Which has higher horsepower?” Tony definitely had not been googling motorcycle specs to ask the question.
“You wish you knew,” Pepper told him, archly.
“You guys should have ice cream tonight,” Barnes told Steve as they made their way toward the door. Steve turned crimson.  Nat reached up to give him a hug, slipping his phone into his hand. The two stepped out into the shadows cast by the sinking sun, blue silhouettes stretching long across the grounds, bathed in the scarlet and purple tones of sunset.
“I think that’s amazing, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, earnestly.  “When I was overseas, we’d be in villages where there were no functioning wells.  Sometimes there would only be one well for a whole village, and the women would have to line up for hours. The irony, you know? Because it looked just like our textbook photos of the oil crisis in the 1980s.”
Flying
Tony buried his face in Steve’s file, ignoring the idiot.  Still, when Rhodes was in DC, Tony missed him sharply.
Tony drove to school, distracted, but listening to his friends with one ear.  His mind was working overtime, trying to figure out who it was, who was the guy? Would he write back?
She looked dissatisfied at his answer. “Want to tell me what else is going on? Did Loki say something to you? You know you can’t trust him, Steve.”
Pepper didn’t bother suppressing her eye roll this time.  “Yes, Tony.  Steve had a good one, too—sturdy.  They’re pricey.” She cleared her throat, trying to dislodge her irritation at Brock at the same time.
He plunked down on the edge of the bed.  His phone was still off.  He scrubbed a hand through his hair, frustrated.  He refreshed his memory in a rote gesture, habit. Nothing.
“I hadn’t forgotten, Jemma, I’m just trying to—“
“Okay,” Steve agrees.  “Thank you.  Eat your soup.”
“Happy’s looking after him. He got out okay.  It was just a bank robbery, but they had tech they shouldn’t have been able to get their grubby little paws on. It’s a good thing the kid’s so bouncy.”
“You’re Bruce Wayne now? Want a giant signal light?”
It shocks him to realize that Steve’s afraid, too.  That Tony hadn’t pulled his punches, he’d blasted Steve in the chest, decimating that star.  Tony’s not the only one who’s been hurt. And abandoned. Steve thought—no, he knew—that Tony would kill Steve if it meant he could kill Barnes.  And in that moment, he’d been right.  But here he is, bleeding and bleeding to stand next to Tony.
“God, you’re enormous, I love it, come on Steve, give it to me, please, don’t tease, sharing is caring,” Tony groaned out, hands scrabbling for Steve’s and pulling him forward.  “Oh god, yes, holy—you—is that still, Jesus—“ He stopped talking, just gasped as he finally felt Steve’s thighs against his ass.  Steve could feel Tony’s body quivering around him, trying to relax, trying to allow him to move, but he thought just the little tremors might be enough to set him off.  He tried hard to think of other things, stave off an orgasm until Tony had his, but he didn’t want to think of anything except this, forever, burn it into his mind.
From: Pep 10:39am
“Steve.  Steven.  My mother was Italian, you know.  I will not have chicken fingers parmigiana with tinned pasta sauce in this house. I’m coming up there with you and I will show you how it’s done. Shut it down, J.” Tony swiped everything to the side of the screen, seeing Steve’s face reflected momentarily in the glass.  It didn’t hold the innocent expression he’d had a second before. It was downright devious. Sneaky bastard knew exactly what he was doing, asking Jarvis about tofu.  “You did that on purpose!” he claimed, whirling on Steve.
At eleven, he had his hour with the therapist—an hour of oatmeal-colored furniture, grey walls, and the sterile vase of flowers centered on the coffee table. She asked if he wanted to talk about it.  Steve would refuse, politely.  She would say she understood.  He would smile politely.  He wondered, a little, after the destruction in Harlem, if Banner understood.  He wondered if Romanoff would say comforting platitudes about loss, about guilt. About redemption. He wondered if she would believe it.
Christ.  Tony vaulted from where he sat, he was on Steve in seconds, hands plunging into his jacket, reaching up to kiss him, to really kiss him, kiss that look off his face, the doubting one, the one that thought somehow, beyond all reason, that Tony didn’t love him, too.  His nose hit Steve’s but it was okay, Steve held him up, caught the momentum of his pounce and gently, so gently, ran his thumb over Tony’s cheek. The perfect first kiss.
“Sure. I’ll be in later.  I love making friends.” Steve watched Coulson consider how to take his tone.
Tony thinks about it.  “I think I was mostly drunk that year.”
“Do you.  Why?”
“I want…” Steve’s voice goes colorless. Tony’s fairly sure he’s crying.  He’s whispering. “I want to come home. I’ll sign, I’ll turn myself in. I’ll do anything.”
Tony pulled a blanket around him.  Dum-E rolled over and tried to poke it, but unsuccessfully.  He missed by a wide foot and a half.  Idiot.  Tony halfheartedly knocked his claw away.  Wasn’t his fault.  He opened a new tab, turned on Netflix, and tried to drown out his own thoughts.  Doubtless Howard would be trying to figure out how to do damage control, how to get his hands on Tony.  Who to bully to get the right info, the right story. How to protect SI stock. How to get Tony to pray the gay away.  School was probably a madhouse. School.  Tony hoped that Steve and Peggy were okay, but with Peggy in charge, there was no way anyone was going to railroad Steve.  She’d handle it. Hodge and Hammer would probably get what was coming to them after all.  Hopefully.
“Wondered where you’d got to,” Coulson remarked mildly, sounding as though he was leaning casually against the door frame.  He wasn’t.  He was perfectly, inoffensively formal.
“Alas, I wish I could,” Thor said, sighing heavily, used to this battle by now. “Come, now, brother. Leave Steven alone.”
“Steve?”
Maybe that’s what she’d meant.  He’d be the only one to get hurt. He’d know truly what he couldn’t have, and it would have all been a dream.  He looked at Njorun, pleading written across his face, but she just smiled at him.
“Steve? James’s phone keeps going to voicemail. Is he okay?”
Steve’s still bleeding steadily.  Maybe the claws were poisoned after all. “No. It’s not.  It’s what there is.”
Morita got a closer look at his face. “What the hell, Rogers? What happened to you?”
“I’m so glad you decided we were on speaking terms again, sir,” the AI replied.  Somebody didn’t like getting shut out.
One of the bots wheeled over to him and crashed a plate of cut fruit and mini waffles into Tony’s left thigh.  He picked it up absently and set it on the table.  “Good boy, Butterfingers,” he said, patting him and biting into a nutella and strawberry waffle. Wait a second. “Jarvis, where did this come from?” he asked, his mouth full.
“Rogers, sir.”
Tony could feel Steve’s muscles tense, ready to release him when he remembered that Steve wasn’t the Ken doll he’d accused him of being before. That wouldn’t do.  He wound one arm around Steve’s neck, cupping Steve’s face with his other hand.  “I do know what you are. I do. You’re kind, and insightful.  You believe the best in everyone, never stop trying to make things right.  You’re the person who wants to make refugee camps feel like home, the person who gives everything he has for other people.” He paused, pulling Steve into a kiss. He ran a hand over Steve’s chest. “The package is nice, Steve, literally my dad’s greatest creation, since he was kind of an asshole who focused on designing new ways to kill people.  It’s nice, but it’s not what makes you amazing.”
Tony snorted, unconvinced. He was pretty sure he’d been had, duped by the man-with-the-plan walking up the stairs in front of him.  Still, at least he had a good view.
The water turned off. He took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and pushed the door open.  The door to the bathroom was open, the room illuminated, and the sounds of splashing and cursing came from behind it. It didn’t sound like fun swearing, more like frustration.  Steve crossed the floor quickly.
Steve blushes.  It travels down his chest still.  “I thought it was something no one would expect from Captain America.  It’s so…”
Steve drew back, a little, looking down at Tony’s eyes, glinting moonlight.  “You’re not…” he let out a short, pained breath. “You’re not disappointed that it’s me?” It was too dark to see how blue Steve’s eyes were, the stars lighting him from above instead.
Finally, Tony picks up the phone again.  Parker is going to stay local, he says. Friendly neighborhood Spiderman.  The Accords are coming together. Ross is backing off. Tony knows this wears on Steve, being a fugitive, an exile. A war criminal.  All the names that are hurled at him, and he bears it.
With a nod, he signed off.
“When have you played Boggle?” Tony asks, but he does slurp up two Gs and a green bean.
“Diabeetus,” Steve said, helpfully.
Steve turned from the cabinet where he’d been arranging the water glasses.  “The senator won’t show up here ever again.  He won’t be a problem anymore.  Tony gave me my contract—the original. He found it last night and handled Stern.  Turns out breaking in was actually the right way to go about it, apparently, so I take everything back. Continue your life of crime.” He tried for a joking tone, but came up short.
“Bullshit.”
Steve thought the universe was playing an extraordinarily cruel joke on him when Tony got on the elevator at the workshop, reading a text on his phone. He felt like all the air had been sucked out of the car, and Tony hadn’t even glanced up at him yet.  This yearning, this need to just be seen, to be able to touch him again, it was agony, and Tony had no idea the way Steve had to dissemble, daily.  “Everything okay, Steve?” he asked. “The kids want me to ask you why you’re taking off.” Ah.  That explained the text.
.  Ironic.  Math was a breeze.  Fifteen minutes, tops.  He worked his special projects.  Easy.  He had two more cups of coffee.  Brushed his teeth again.  He turned on his phone, deleted anything from Howard, briefly looked over the “Call me!” messages from his friends. He got dressed, brushed his hair.  His friends, he’d said they would stand by him. He’d said he had confidence in them.  Time for him to test it.
interesting! We haven’t had anything like this since school!” She beamed at the camera, clearly pleased with having such a complex task.
“You should be goddamned grateful he’s not pressing charges, you foul git,” Peggy snapped at him.
In the end, it was still a rough night.  Stern’s words kept insinuating themselves into his mind:
“Tones, what’ve you got yourself into this time, man?” he asked by way of greeting.
“If I need it I’ll get her back on the air by 3,” Tony retorted.
I don’t have a sister. I don’t have any siblings. I’m not who you think I am.  I’m sorry.  I hope you’re not disappointed.
Steve was taking glasses out of the fridge, frosty and cold.  But definitely not beer. “I made raspberry lemonade.” His lashes swept down, shadowing his eyes.
. Fuck.
Nomad keeps a low profile for a few weeks. Sort of. Tony notices that some of the robots lying in the rubble after the next battle don’t have repulsor blasts on them.  He’d been on this one alone.
“Shell,
“So hard to find good help,” he commiserated. “Good night, Tony.” He watched Tony’s retreating figure, Steve leaning heavily on him.
“I am.  They were good ideas.”
“Hm.  Who knew you’d be so useful?”
“Obie, I just.” He paused, his giddiness momentarily interrupted. “I don’t want a body count to be our only legacy, that’s it.”
“He said, he said he wanted to be like me,” Tony says, miserably.
“Who?”
Hammer slipped his own phone open.  “True, Tony, true, my friend! But… I’ve got screenshots. And I airdropped them to myself.” He grinned again.  Disgusting.  “Besides, it’s not just you, is it? It’s your…” he sneered, “…friend.”
Steve’s tux felt constricting, conspicuous. He twisted, trying to see if it fit right. Tony had apparently put an order in for it yesterday, and when you were Tony Stark, you could get a custom tuxedo in fewer than twenty-four hours.  He’d been working on an email chain from a bank in Monaco that they’d supplied—possibly against their will? He wasn’t really sure—when the tux had gotten delivered.
“In his third round of trainees,” she said, poised and collected. “Some brave woman in his second round reported him. Right before he flunked her out.  They wanted proof.  I’d made a reputation for myself—they sent me.” She kissed Bucky’s temple, removing her hands.  It wasn’t like they’d done any good anyway. He clearly already knew, based on his body language. “Nothing happened.  Not to me.  I wore a wire, got enough to make the case against him and got out.”
“Steve,” Natasha repeated, “can I present you with a hypothetical? Remember Hodge?”
“Um, no, he’s not a land tract,” Tony said quickly, ignoring the fact that yes, he felt quite possessive, thank you very much. The other Avengers burst into the room behind him, weapons out.
From: Rhodeybear 10:32am
“Of course, Virginia, light of my life.   New shoes? An increase in shares? My first born child?”
“If he doesn’t see me lying there, he’ll get suspicious.”
Tony swears. He takes the elevator down, grabs the cuffs.  He sees his reflection in one of the glass panels.  He’s covered in Steve’s blood, red on red.  It looks like his nightmares.
“Tony, you know I can’t.”
“Shell,
Tony had evaded death so far.  He had one more card he might be able to play.
, he admonished himself. Besides, Steve was Captain America.  Eventually he was going to find himself a pretty little nurse and buy a house with a white picket fence and have a kid and two and a half dogs.  Or something like that.  Tony might be flexible on a sexuality spectrum, but Steve, he was sure, was solidly in the “straight” category.
“Of course, sir. I shall relay your message immediately.” Jarvis sounded more pleased than he had since Steve left.  Not that he was supposed to get attached to the guests. Still, Steve was Steve. Hard not to get attached.
She stayed quiet, looking at him expectantly.
is really about Hamlet being gay. Or how
was into him.  It was ludicrous, and arrogant, and humiliating.  Painful, if he wanted to be truthful with himself.  It hurt.  Rejection always did, even if it wasn’t the fault of the other person.
“Well, you had the pizza oven… I mean, it’s just, Jarvis said,” Steve struggled.  He stopped himself. Focused. “You had a pizza oven, and Jarvis said you liked pizza.  You had all the ingredients.” He didn’t seem sure if he should be embarrassed or not, and appeared to be erring on the side of embarrassed.
“Do… do you guys hear that?” Steve asked the others as they sat around the table munching on a biryani and roast chicken Bruce had just served up.
“You know each other?” Tony asked.
When Steve touches down, Tony’s waiting.  He puts out a hand.  Steve just hugs him instead, a real Steve Rogers hug that Tony is embarrassed to admit he melts into, just a little. Steve says, “I know it hasn’t even been a whole year. It feels like it’s been a long time.”
Tony made coffee. Drank three cups of it.  He showered, brushed his teeth again.  He picked up his history textbook, read the two chapters, answered the homework, wrote the responses.  He read the first section of
The others shrugged.
He felt like Okonkwo. Like Frodo, at the Grey Havens, left behind and adrift.
Steve reached up, stroking down Tony’s throat, calming him.  “Tony.  I love you.” He stretched up to kiss him.  “Whatever you want, sweetheart. Just tell me. I’ll give you anything.”
“Come back with me?” he asked.
Rhodey grinned. “I bought an Xbox.”
“Boys,” Natasha said, under her breath.  “But if you want a break from all the testosterone, Stark, you know where to find me.” She trailed her hand down his neck and over his chest.  Steve thought he was going to die.  How many times had he wanted to do the same thing? She walked away, heels clicking as her hips swayed.  Even Steve couldn’t help watching her go.
“You’re a really cranky old man, you know that? It’s a good thing you don’t have a lawn.” Tony eats his soup. They’re being nice.  He can be nice. He finishes up and takes another look at the cut on Steve’s chest.  Whatever anticoagulants were on those claws seem to have been washed out.  It’s healing nicely.  His color is back.
Steve started, looking around for the source of the voice.  Tony smirked.
“It’s his adopted dad’s hat,” Sam finished for him.  “Dude, you know Abe doesn’t mind when you call him that.  He likes it. He’d be hanging your crayon drawings on the fridge if you were still at that stage.” He clapped Steve comfortingly on the shoulder.
Ch2, angst. firmly set in the MCU.
You made me a better person today. Wait, I know what you’re thinking, we’ve never even met.  But you were talking about how you wanted to be brave, to tell your mother, if she were around.  Well.  I was thinking about it today and—long story, lots of drama, nothing to concern your pretty little head about—I told someone.  I told a friend.  God, I feel like, I feel amazing. I feel like I’m invincible. I can do anything. Sure, anything except come out or tell my parents or understand what the hell Mrs. Lewis is talking about in terms of the ‘unexpected theme analysis’ of Shakespeare, but anything.  I’m a modern marvel. So.  Again. To recap: you inspired me.
Tony drove to the party. He could catch an uber home.  Although, if he was being honest with himself, he was hoping he might be able to make out with Steve until tomorrow.
Rhodey was Lando Calrissian, and Pepper made a badass Han Solo.  Bruce was wearing some sort of leaf toga—Jolly Green Giant, he said. Nat was dressed like Elastigirl, spandex hugging her curves and a little bandit mask framing her pretty green eyes.  It made even more sense when they got to the party—Sam was Frozone and Steve was a tall, blushing, gorgeous Mr. Incredible. God, he was beautiful, even in spandex. Especially in spandex. Was that really his butt? His real pecs? Or did he have padding? Tony wanted to touch, to find out, just for science.
“I gotta go.  You’re the best, you know that?”
They started going through the study guide, but Tony couldn’t focus.  He was too wrapped up in trying to monitor Hammer and scan the room for any odd family photos or Batman memorabilia.
“I believe in love! #shellhead” one comment read.  It popped up again seconds later. “Go get your man! Love conquers all! #shellhead”
A pot of mac’n’cheese. Still warm to the touch.  Natasha then.  She hadn’t left a note, and the door was relocked. He didn’t know how she’d found him, or how she’d gotten in, but it was definitely her.  She had a skill set no one else did.  Where she picked it all up was a big question, but he put it out of his mind for now, picking up the pot and a spoon and dragging it back to his bed.
Steve’s imagination went wild for half a second.
Tony shook his head a little.  “And you love me?” His lungs burned and ached, trying to contain the shards of his heart, raw and rough.
Well, he thought in retrospect, he should have been more specific.  Because he got a witch who was also a mad scientist.  Goddamnit, that wasn’t what Tony meant.
“Nope. Already here. Gotta get your ass out of trouble.”
Steve looked out the window for a moment, trying to be anywhere but here.  The sun would set soon.  “I just need a break.” He turned back, smiled. He was pretty sure it looked natural.  “I’ll be back, Tony.  And I’m around if you need me.” He tried not to notice the way the setting sun shot fire through Tony’s hair, the way Tony’s eyes tightened a little against the glare, making tiny wrinkles that Steve wanted to kiss away. He attempted to ignore the grey smudge on the side of his neck where he knew he’d kissed him last night. The space was too close. His heart slowly, inexorably imploding, a newly formed black hole eating him from the inside.
Tony didn’t have time to ask, since Maya Hansen was back. She brought another scotch, but since Tony already had one, Steve took it from her, thanking her graciously.  Halfway into his third attempt to extract himself from the conversation, Tony noticed that Stern was moving toward him again, eyes intent.  He turned to tell Steve to go find Pepper, but Rogers had evaporated. Huh. Had he overheard something? No.  There was no way. Had he suddenly developed telepathy? Tony was pretty sure that was still beyond the range of science.
Tony reread the email.  That didn’t sound like he was jealous, right? Right.  Not at all.  He took out the question.  Then wrote it back in.  Then took it out.  Fuck it.  Fuck it, he wrote it back in, it was fine, it was totally cool, even if Flying never really exactly said he
“Flying,
“What’s up with you, man?” Sam asked, afterward, panting. “You normally don’t put me through my paces like that. Something bothering you or did you just decide I must have been skimping on leg day?”
Tony slept the night through.
Steve was a cute kid.  Tiny.  Tony remembered when Steve had come to Shield High, he’d been clearly in the middle of a growth spurt.  He’d been maybe 5’7” when he arrived, and nothing fit him quite right. By winter break he’d been taller than Mr. Coulson, so maybe 5”10.  By the end of the school year, he’d been well over six feet.  Sophomore year was when he bulked up, earning those pecs in the school weight room.
“I love you, Steve.  I’m in love with you. I’d fly through space for you without a second thought, darling.  You didn’t need an Asgardian for that.”
Tony read it quickly.  Sure, Ophelia.  Gertrude has to get remarried real quick while she’s still able to produce an heir… Horatio… Holy fuck.
“I think what you mean to ask is what Mr. Hogan’s last name is. Although I think he would be pleased if you merely continue to refer to him as ‘Sir,’ Captain.”
Steve could do that.  He pulled Tony under him, flipping him over.  “On your knees, love.” He could stare at Tony’s ass all day. And now he was allowed to, without being creepy about it.  He gazed at Tony’s smooth skin, his powerful thighs parted, shafting hanging down enticingly between them.  Steve ran his tongue up one cheek, then ghosted a breath over his hole, making Tony shudder.  He ran his tongue from Tony’s balls to his hole, gentle and wet, while Tony gasped under him.  He circled his tongue around, pressure increasing steadily, Tony’s breathing turning ragged.  Steve loved that, hearing Tony fall apart, just as vocal as he’d always hoped. Slowly, he shaped his tongue into a point, pushing it into Tony’s body, feeling him relax under him, allowing the intrusion, allowing him past the rim.  He pushed his tongue in, fucking in and out, thrusting and twisting.
Barnes shut his mouth, defiant.
From the foyer, Steve could see Tony eye the glass.  The genius didn’t have very many moves left.  He could take the glass, drink it, and hope for the best—an addict with just a taste of poison.  He could pretend to drop it or knock it out of Mr. Stane’s hand, but knowing men like Mr. Stane, he’d probably just call for another.  He could turn it down, but first, Mr. Stane would be offended, and second, Christine Everhart was watching their interaction like Rita Skeeter, waiting to sensationalize the most trivial events. That would turn into a story about SI being fractured by internal disarray. All options were bad.  None of them gave him an out.  He could see Tony weigh them all, and then begin to lift the glass, tension showing in the set of his lips.
“I’m a scientist, Steve, it’s what I do,” Tony said, stretching one hand out toward the folder while pouring sand over a filter with the other.
“Oh, I know,” Steve replied, all innocence and guileless charm.  “Mr. Stark was just trying to get the Starkphone rolled out because of the new campaign.  You know,” he looked down at his SI France portfolio, “donating 10% of the proceeds to developing better clean water facilities in former French territories. The faster he can get the facilities going, the better, is all he thinks.” Steve rolled his eyes a bit, trying to get on Batroc’s good side—building camaraderie against bosses who didn’t see the whole picture.
Steve gave him a tiny smile before getting back to business.  “If you see it, neutralize it. We want him alive, for trial, make him come clean.  Romanoff, close quarters, cut off retreat.  Barnes, cover the field. Anyone sees him make a move on Tony, take the shot.”
“J, whatever that prosthetics program costs at the VA, find out how much it is, and double it.  Make an anonymous donation via the Maria Stark Foundation.  Attach a rider to it—half the funding into mental health care. Make it happen today.”
Bruce just shook his head.  “I don’t know, Tony. The Force operates outside of the physical realms as we know it. I don’t know that we have enough data to come to a conclusion on it.”
brief mentions of attempted assault and depression
She turned to look at Tony, sharply, eyes probing. “Mr. Stark.”
Tony refreshed email.  Nothing.
From: Rhodeybear 10:38am
Steve smiled, kissed the corner of his mouth.  “No safer place.” He drew Tony in, arms around him, enclosing him, keeping him, safe and snug.  His thigh rested over Tony’s, anchoring him, his presence warm, always warmer than other people, he kissed Tony’s hair.
Steve couldn’t look at him anymore.  “Because of the blueprints. I know I overstepped.  I’m really sorry. I am. I didn’t mean to, and I just—“
Steve had never seen Tony at a loss for words before.  Hyperverbal, sure.  This was different.
It happens again.
“I think it is so. Sexy. That you won invitationals, Steve,” Lorraine purred.  “Our school is so lucky to have you.”
“I love you,” Steve said, long after he thought Tony was asleep.
Jesus this man is difficult. “Barnes is the stubborn one, huh? Just come in.  I’m fine. How else can I see if it fits right? If I need to make modifications?”
Bucky opened the cabinet, noticed how the mugs were all aligned but didn’t say anything.  He poured himself another cup of coffee, slowly stirring in about a quarter cup of sugar.
He would not be Stern.  He would not. The stupid thing about the Chihuly was a pretense in the first place; Tony didn’t need the money. Steve was free to go, and he should. Away from Tony. Away from men who thought they were above the law, that their money and their sway granted them privilege.  Stern.
“Sorry. Jarvis.  Could you take me to Mr. Stark?”
He kept close to Tony all evening, subtly keeping Tony’s drinks switched out.  Every time someone handed Tony a martini, he picked up a decoy Evian from Sam. When there was a toast called out, Wilson had already set aside a glass of sparkling apple juice.  He’d told the former airman that, as a PA, it was important that he always had a drink in hand, to blend, he’d said, and he wanted to match whatever Mr. Stark had, to impress his new employer.  But that he didn’t like to drink on the job. Sam had nodded understandingly, happy to help Steve out.  They’d run a rough mission, Steve’s ducklings being called in to prevent civilian casualties on the Khalid Kandhil extraction and cover Wilson on his way out.  Sam felt like he owed him one, although Steve didn’t see it that way.  It had been a bad mission all around, Kandhil taking out one of the airmen.
Barnes started to reply--definitely stepping in to make sure Steve didn’t get himself in trouble--but Steve talked right over him. “Yes, sir.  I can start whenever you need.” He glared at Barnes.  “And Bucky will stay out of your hair. I promise.” Barnes sulked.
“Sir, the reactor has accepted the modified core.  I will begin running diagnostics.”
“Of course, Captain.”
“That is just crying out for a beer,” Tony remarked, offhand.
So.  Pieter played chess.
“Tony. Stane just called me.  He wants to know why the projections for the refugee facilities went up 20%.  He said something about hazard pay, although I couldn’t tell if he was talking about for him or for me.  Honestly, though.  Did you make changes to the plans?”
Shit.
Steve was by his side in an instant, his eyes taking in the scene at one glance. Tony felt gentle fingertips on the side of his neck.
“Let’s go, cupcake,” Tony said, indicating for Barnes to walk in front of him.  Heading up the stairs to the door, Tony inventoried the destruction the man had left in his wake.  How was it possible for a guy with only one arm to have broken so many things? Granted, most of the items in pieces had belonged to Howard, nothing that Tony himself held dear.  Except… the front door glass.  It was shattered.  And he’d personally (okay, well, Pepper had personally) commissioned that piece from some guy in Seattle.  But he’d paid for it.  And he’d liked it! Well, he’d at least liked that she liked it.  Close enough.  He stepped through the shattered panes, glinting sunlight in a brilliant rainbow across the walls.  It had been roses, he was pretty sure.  Irisis? No. It was red. Right, probably roses. Well, it was just silly to greet his robber’s buddy at the door like a butler.  He swallowed.  Not a day when he didn’t still miss the first Jarvis.  “I mean, you may just as well come in. Not like it’s secure anymore.”
Rhodey trailed off.  Tony looked over, questioning.
He couldn’t concentrate for the whole day, not that it mattered for his grades.  School was easy. But after school, there was still no reply.  Okay. No big deal.  Not a big deal at all.  Tony halfheartedly wrote a program to optimize routes for the school bus to get to school. He said he’d work on it for Principal Fury as part of his last detention.  It wasn’t difficult anyway, just needed to download the school maps and overlay one of his first game theory programs.  Basic choice stems.  There were a few odd outliers. Tony himself, not that he took the bus.  But the kids next door did.  Tony had offered to give them a ride once, but they’d just looked at him oddly. At first he didn’t even think they spoke English.  There was a housing complex on the north side that was oddly disconnected from the rest of the district by a golf course, but the kids there could all pile onto the same bus.  Steve Rogers lived out a fair ways, too, not all that close to anyone else.  Sam Wilson, maybe.  And then Natasha’s residence wasn’t listed, which was both weird and unsurprising at the same time, but Tony always picked her up at the same corner, three blocks after Rhodey’s house.  She didn’t need the bus.
“Glad to be of help,” Steve responded.  It’s what he was made for, after all.
Jesus, when did picking up Thai food become a field trip? It had always been just him and Steve, and he liked it. It was time he got just with Steve.  It felt special, even if it was all in his head.  But Steve would always do stupid little shit like hold the door open for him and he even paid for the order, if he could sweet talk Mrs. S into taking his credit card instead of Tony’s.  It didn’t always work, but he tried. It made him happy, just hanging out together, getting him to smile.
Steve followed Jarvis’s voice and the lights as he wandered through the house.  He stopped to leave his jacket and helmet in the room that Jarvis told him would be his, while he was here.   He asked Jarvis where to find a broom and dustpan, and cleaned up the fractured masterpiece.  Shards of crimson scattered like bloody remnants across the foyer, the evidence of Bucky’s crime.  Fragments of blue and green mixed with gold and clear glass. After he’d swept up the pieces, mourning the whole time, he found a mop and a bucket, thoroughly washing the floor so that no splinters of glass remained.  He was on his hands and knees, rag in hand, drying the patches of clean floor so there was no danger of anyone slipping, when the surreal nature of his morning began to hit him.  A cold motorcycle ride through New York, signing up to work for Mr. Stark, asking a bodiless voice for help.  Now that he thought about it, that voice sounded a bit cold, but perhaps that’s just the British accent.  Still, Monty had been British, in his old special forces platoon, and certainly didn’t sound that distant.  Maybe they were from different parts of England.  He caught himself and blushed.
He logged into his email immediately.
just saved him, and Tony
Then three dozen pages that had been completely redacted.
Tony mutters a few curses. “You can’t just go romping around the tower. I don’t know what you want me to do.  I mean, what, you wanna strip down where you are?”
He might have just lost out on the whole thing.  What if Mr. Stark decided to scrap the whole idea after this? After all, it wasn’t like he’d done very much to help—he’d what, brought him some food? He’d barely lasted a day. Mr. Stark wanted a PA, not a wise guy.
Steve looked at the phone in his hands and sighed.  Today was turning out to be not so great. The witch was gone, but they hadn’t captured her.  No Thai food, and his pseudo-date with Tony had disappeared, too. His teammates were acting bizarre, like they’d just realized how amazing Tony was.  Which, sure, that was fair, but how had they not all seen it earlier? Steve had been trying to fight his feelings for months now, so it’s not like he didn’t understand.  He did. In fact, if anything, he was a little jealous of how confident they were, and how willing Tony was to give up their time together for the others.  Couldn’t really fault Tony for that, though.  He was always busy, and Steve didn’t want to monopolize his time.  Tony probably gave him more time than he really should, anyway. He tried to squish his feelings back where they belonged.
Why hadn’t he just asked for help? It was such a fragile thing, this contract. The slip of paper was all Steve needed.  It was his guarantee.  His freedom.
Steve turned. “Thanks for coming to get me, Mr. Stark.  You must have been following me for a while.  I’m sorry I wasn’t paying attention.” The words were perfectly polite.  They were perfectly neutral.  Careful.  Tony was sure if he poked, if he prodded, there was something just below the surface.  Guilt, maybe.  For what?
I have great friends, and I had a great day today.  I almost wish you were one of my friends already, because they are all so great.  And I’ve been having that song from Capital Cities running through my head all day—‘One Minute More.’ So.” Tony took a deep breath.  “I think I might know who you are. Do you have a sister?
Steve blinked.  Oh. Tony wasn’t into men. He’d clearly misread the situation entirely, projecting, thinking Tony wanted him when he was just showing Steve kindness. Besides, Tony was more than Steve would ever be, a genius, brilliant and handsome and capable, and Steve was just a lab rat. A soldier, discharged, with no real skill set and no future. Whatever he had imagined before, it was clear enough now. Tony wasn’t into men.  He didn’t want Steve. It hurt more than it should have and it wasn’t even personal. Just Steve’s idiot heart running away with him.
Tony turned his gaze back on Steve who seemed lost in thought, eyes transfixed by their hands.  Tony’s skin held a deeper hue, leaving Steve’s to reflect luminescent, milky pale, in the moonlight. A breeze, summery but chill, stole through the window. Tony looked back at their hands. He thought he’d never been warmer.
“Yeah, we’ve got Mr. Phillips’ history class and Dr. Selvig’s AP physics together. You were in Selvig’s at the beginning of the year, right?”
Steve’s lips twisted—Tony’d hit a nerve. “Military doesn’t have enough style for you? Rather just sell the weapons to both sides?”
They gave him a heavily redacted paper file about a hammer.  Redacted, but not enough.  Clearly they’d found a being of enormous power, capable of near god-like actions. And he’d found himself a girlfriend.  Steve had to smile at that.
“That
Something Jimmy had said caught in Tony’s brain.  The SAT? Three times?  But he’d been so sure last time, about Pieter. He’d just have to wait this one out.
“Right.  Well.  Well done, team,” Tony cheered, glancing around.  “Let’s all call in sick tomorrow.  I have something I need to do.” He could see the glint of Steve’s hair twist as he turned back to Tony, caught the hope in his eye. Maybe Tony hadn’t been sure, until then.  But now he was.  A committed Steve Rogers was unstoppable, immovable. The man had rescued his friend from behind enemy lines, against orders, with a parachute and a shield.  He’d fought against a force he had no hope of defeating, holding the line with his hands and his sheer will. He put down a ship in the Atlantic. He’d be there, when Tony was done.
Steve smiled at him, pure sunshine. “Great! Don’t worry about it tonight, though. You did good work out there.  Besides, we’re supposed to have a movie night tonight, and I wanted to watch the one with the clones.”
Tony coughed, still tasting metal, but movement had returned, the paralytic purged from his system. “Steve.”
“You too, Tony,” comes the polite response.
Shell.”
Neanderthal entrance in three… two… one…
“Um, Thor?” Steve said, hesitantly.
Steve turned toward him. “I’d feel better if you were in your workshop.”
Steve looked at him, questioning.
He placed both their clubs on the return counter and stretched, shirt riding up, and Tony had an overwhelming desire to lick the golden skin, fingertips working their way into his waistband, popping the button.  He stifled the urge quickly.
“I didn’t—” Steve started at the same time as Pieter said, “I wouldn’t say
“Look, Steve,” he says.
Finally, Tony answered. “Steve?”
Through nearly closed eyes, he could see the light shift as Natasha moved to stand in the doorway. They’d have to get through her to get out.  She leaned casually against the doorframe but the gun in her hand was unmistakable.  Steve moved out of the shadows to stand behind Tony.
“Definitely,” Hammer agreed, smiling thickly.  “Wonder Woman for sure.”
Love, Flying.”
“I would be very,” Tony said, licking Steve’s nipple, “very, disappointed,” he continued, biting down sharply, “if that were the case.” Steve’s body jolted under him.  Tony pressed tiny kisses up Steve’s neck, softly, leading to his mouth. Then his mouth was on Steve’s and they were kissing, slower, sweeter than he’d ever imagined. Tony sighed, smiling, Steve could feel the gentle curve against his own lips.
The table was set with perfect burgers.  Tomato slices, white onion, pickles.  Butter lettuce, not iceberg.  And a heap of crisp, salty oven fries.
Steve fixed the moment in his mind.  He had maybe twelve hours left.  He wanted this every day for the rest of his life.  “You make me so happy,” Steve told him.  And it was true.  Sure, he knew that it was going to end, and that he wasn’t sure he was equipped to handle that loss.  He had thought he was. He didn’t know what he’d expected, but this easy, sweet love, this was more than he thought he’d ever have, more than he had imagined. Njorun had said he’d be the only one hurt, and it was a deal he’d make, over and over again, protecting Tony more reflex than second nature.  But he didn’t know what would be left of himself, tomorrow.
Tony smiles, gratified. “Look, Steve.  I need you home.”
Tony held his gaze, searching for something. Then he nodded, pure affection writ openly across his face.  “Of course.” He stroked a hand down Steve’s chest, settling in.  Steve kissed him, running fingers down Tony’s spine. Steve counted the stars, imagining each was a universe, knowing—desperate and true—that in each one he’d love the man he held in his arms tonight.
Tomorrow, Barnes will make a gruff, half-ashamed apology for breaking in, giving Tony a warning glare when Steve isn’t looking.  Tony will start wondering if he can develop a better prosthetic than whatever the VA is going to give him, if that would win him over entirely. Natasha and Pepper will make a date to talk business, but it’s going to be over several bottles of wine and they’re going to be wearing sweats, not suits.
“Man, I remember this, I got you, Pieter.  So my boy steps up to Hammer’s ugly mug, tells him to do his homework, and that the game isn’t American but started in India and that most of the grandmasters have been Eastern European anyway, Russian included. Then he goes to the library, checks out the decades old chess set that I swear to god was covered in an inch and a half of dust, claims a new table and he crushes Pieter in an epic game of speed chess.”
Tony bubbled with pride. “No, I included it in the analysis portion, because it was endemic to the rest of the issues, and I led with it in the opening,” Tony countered.
“Happy here is going to have you do some paperwork because he is
“Jesus, were you hanging out right inside?”
Tony grinned.  Steve always remembered to order that for him, even though no one else touched the stuff.
Tony took questions from everyone with aplomb, deftly maneuvering his way through the more aggressive reporters.
Bucky looked at him hard, over his coffee.
But think about it. The big picture.  Doesn’t everything all fall into place if Hamlet is gay?”
To:  A-Team
“Sir has not given me any instruction, but he has not yet eaten lunch.”
He considered his circumstances.  He had two options, as far as he could see.  First, he could take a very cold shower and think about things that were exceptionally unsexy, like doombots, aliens, Clint.  Or he could try to take the edge off right now, quickly, before Steve caught him with his pants down. Literally.
“That he should think of less sexy things? That he’s a grown man, an Avenger for goodness’ sake, he should be able to control himself?”
“You don’t want to have sex?” Tony asked, pressing his hips down, finding pretty clear evidence that Steve did actually want to have sex.
“No idea why,” Sam commented dryly. “Just the weight of the world on your shoulders.  No big deal, right?” He shook his head.  “Steve. Why don’t you take a break? There’s a lot of superheroes out there now.  Let someone lead for a while. When’s the last time you took a break?”
