"PETEY WAKE UP OR ELSE I'M GOING TO TAKE WEBBY!!!"
From her place on a desk, Natasha nodded. “He took some food, water, and a duffle bag. That’s all.”
"I need a doctor over here!" She yelled, holding Wade close. The boy reeked of sweat and puke, the poor kid. However, the boy fervently shook his head at the idea of getting a doctor. He had always hated them, and Wade didn't have any form of medical insurance (Though, he didn't tell that to Toni.).
His words struck a cord with everybody. No one really knew, until today. Without hesitation, the recording from Friday played. It had taken him a while to collect the footage, trying to keep Toni unaware of his actions.
After a little bit of hacking, Toni had her old phone back. All the photos, contacts, protocols were all there. Immediately, she went on her contacts and clicked on ‘Petey Pie’. Only few people knew that Toni looked and listened to every single one of Peter’s messages. Hell, she even asked him to send her the ‘movies’ he’d make during missions. It warmed her heart every time she saw the kid helping others. Every story, no matter how silly, was treasured by her. That was why she had subconsciously pressed play to a playlist of all of Peter’s videos.
"What the kid said is true. Thanos is still out there. Maybe catching a wave or drinking a beer somewhere, I don't know nor care." Toni's voice boomed in the empty halls. "When our loved ones turned to dust, we thought they were gone forever. That's not the case." The woman stood even straighter and pulled out a bracelet she was gifted.
Footsteps got louder and louder and louder. They stopped when they reached the front door. There was a shadow Toni and Venom could see. Peter was still crying.
seeing her do so.
"Join the Avengers. So far we just have Captain America. I was hoping you would also get your green friend to come along to? Or maybe that carnivorous alien pair? I also have two of my best agents in on it as well. Oh, and there has been reports of a god on Earth. That would be helpful to. So, will you do it? Or will you let Peter and Wade die from an attack you could've presented. What is it going to be, Stark?" He leaned in close, one eye glaring at her.
"Y-y-yeah... I've adopted a baby... His names Peter. Peter Benjamin Parker."
"We're ready!" The boys said at the same time. Each were decked out in some shorts and shirts, Peter wearing light denim jeans with a blue and red striped shirt and Wade had some khakis on with a simple maroon shirt. On Peter's left shoulder was his pet spider, Webby. She was a young Bird-Eater Tarantula that was suffering in a cheap enclosure in Petco. Peter was immediately in love with her, and Toni cracked under his puppy eyes. In just a day, she had a large terrarium for the spider and a the supplies. Surprisingly, Webby was extremely affectionate and somehow adorable. Even now on Pete's shoulder. Neither of them had any shoes on yet, but they at least had matching socks with stick-men scattered throughout. They scrambled to the counters and eagerly waited for the pancakes.
Leave it to her beautiful  son to bring it back to life.
As they waited for Toni and Rhodey, the others sat in silence. No one new what to say. There really
If Toni really wanted to kill Bucky she would have done it easily. She was going soft on them, not giving 110% like Steve was. Not even Bucky was trying as hard as the super soldier.
Don't worry there will be more suffering next chapter.
They stayed like that for a while until Toni was able to breathe again. Dr. Strange gave her a reassuring Pat on her shoulder before leaving the room.
"I've been thinking."
"It is not obvious? We kill him. Get everyone back. Simple." It wasn't that simple, but Thor had the same hope everyone did.
If any of you are wondering what Toni’s hair now looks like: https://goo.gl/images/7C6Mvo
"Wade!" He gave Wade a light hug and put a hand on his back for support. Holding him through the spasms. It was horrifying, seeing his closest companion in such pain. There were tears running down his face and his hands scratched cuts into his face. The boy was shouting at himself, no doubt being attacked by The Boxes. His breaths were shallow and extremely labored. It made Peter feel pain in his own chest by just looking at Wade. There was even some vomit in the corner that was no doubt from Wade. He had never seen Wade look so sick before. Even though Wade got sick so often, this made all the other times pale in comparisons. He was deathly pale, gasping for breath, broken by cough after cough, screaming and crying for it to stop.
WOO HOO! I hope you enjoyed! This was so much fun to write! Any questions or concerns, just leave me a comment!
that they had beaten up during the fight. His pleas for his mother boggled the others until it hit.
“Surgery?”
“Yes, I do, Bob.”
" They could feel their love shiver. She looked at them with hooded eyes.
would be a waste of time.
“Over five months ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends, we lost family, we lost a part of ourselves. Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each, no mistakes. No do overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know. That doesn’t mean we should know what to expect. Be careful, look out for each other. This is the fight our our lives, and we’re gonna win. Whatever it takes. Good luck.”
Their flesh around their legs or arms was burnt so severely, it was falling off.
“That’s my boy.” Before getting up to meet up with her teammates, she kissed her precious baby on the cheek. “I love you, sweetheart.”
Six and a half weeks had passed. Wade was pale and his face was sunken in. All of his hair was gone and lesions appeared all over his face. His heart was barely beating and he couldn't speak to anyone anymore.
Unexpectedly, Toni launched herself at Stephen. She buried herself in his chest and tightened her arms around her. Right now, she wasn't thinking and just acted. Dr. Strange was a source of comfort, and she needed someone to hold her.
"Everyone suit up and start training. Meet here at 6 PM." It surprised Toni that they all listened to her and went back into their own quarters.
”Oh. Wait, I remember that suit! Get it ready for me Jarvis.”
Grabbing a clear bottle that looked like shampoo, she slathered her dirty hair in it. When she looked down, she could see how the running water was slightly tinted crimson. That's horrifying.
It was still damaged and chopped up horribly from the fight. The only comparison she could come up with was a bob done by an incredibly drunk, stoned person. Uneven, chunky, gross.
"Then
The second Toni told her friend about adopting her son, Eddie went completely insane. She was all over the place during the call, screaming to her Other, Venom, about the information.
Her frown softened at the sight of Peter, currently giggling and pulling on Toni’s wavy hair.
“No! I’ll stay here!” A panicked look was in Peter’s eyes. “Don’t! I’ll be good, I promise.”
(Yes it’s from dumbo)
The team went a bit silent. It was a bit awkward, and Toni really didn’t want to be here. No one else ordered a drink, so Toni poured two glasses of red wine for herself and Bruce.
No words were spoken as Rhodey cleaned out all her injuries with a disinfectant cream from Bruce's large suitcase. As he did that, the ladder was preparing the stitches and bandages for his friend. Toni was motionless during the procedure. After an hour or so passed, the two finished and let Toni try to sleep. For once, she did since she passed out out not long after.
It took a long time, but Toni agreed to the surgery. Now, it was two days after. Wade was still unconscious. The test results should also come back today as well. She just hoped they would be good.
Toni went back into the shower that had automatically shut off when she stepped out, grabbing the makeshift razor. It was incredibly sharp and Toni might have purposely been more careless near her arms while shaving. It didn't matter.
The spiderling looked around and saw that he wasn’t alone. In fact, he was surrounded by people. Millions of them. He looked everywhere for someone he knew, but was unsuccessful.
“That is accurate, yes.”
Wade was sobbing now.
When Toni headed outside to get suited up, she was met with a crimson suit with streaks of gold metal along it. Like Jarvis said, it was sleek and form fitting. She didn’t have the time to examine the suit any further.
He was still smiling.
While Natasha was horrified, Thor was outraged. He had an extremely vague idea of what happened by the talk they had yesterday. His hands almost cracked the table in anger. The man he thought was kind and brave was beaten on his fellow teammate. The god had to stop himself from using StormBreaker on Steve or giving him a good beating. Seeing his dear friend getting abused by the person she used to love angered Thor all the more. Sure, he and Loki had their quarrels, but he never tried to be that ruthless. Also, they were
When Toni came back, she did not expect  anything weird to have happened. Oh, how she was wrong.
God, why did she agree to this? She just wanted to go home. To Peter. Give him a million hugs and then some more. They would watch movies until dusk or work on Legos. Maybe build a robot out of random stuff. Peter would then laugh as he sees a toaster sight the alphabet. He would smile and giggle. But it wasn’t that easy.
"Eh, I just hear 'em all the time. Mostly from my dad." Wade shrugged and winced when he accidentally mentioned his father. It was so extremely rare for him to say a word about his home-life.
“Yup. For a few years.”
"Toni?"
From behind a monitor, Bruce typed in a few sequences and began the count down. “Starting In twenty seconds.”
“Petey... I’ll be fi-“ Another coughing fit broke out. It was worse than the other. Seeing Wade gasping for breath, Toni went to call an ambulance. The coughing wasn’t easing up at all.
"Woohoo! Thanks, dude," She took out a wad of cash and out it in the teens pocket, "keep the change." Doughnuts in hand, she walked to her parked Tesla Roadster and blasted her music which was Peter's playlist, she didn't bother to change it. Instead, she just sang along to Princess and the Frog, helping her forget the new headache she had forming.
This is probably horrible and I’m so sorry about that. I’ve been having a slight writers block, but I’m powering though it.
It was the spider from Oscorp, dead.
"Then, we must comfort the woman made of iron! She's hurting like the rest of us, so it is only logical to share the pain together!" he boomed as he began to walk into the building. Everyone stopped him and made a disapproving noise, even Natasha.
Wade was gone.
The man shook his head from the nostalgic thoughts and focused on Toni. Her short, brown hair was a mess and her chocolate eyes held a severe torment to them.
“Iron maiden?” Thor.
Nonstop, Toni Stark sent search parties to look for Wade. The whole story spread across the globe of a dying boy being taken away by possible terrorists.
“Spiderman! Stand down, that is an order. If you don’t, I will have to send you outside.” The pleading look from Toni finally made Peter stop. He nodded apologetically at her and glared at the others. Wanda looked livid. Her hands were shaking in anger and were sparkling with red.
“I don’t think so, you piece of shit.” Toni snapped the idiot’s arm before he could move it towards his mouth. Promptly, she snapped his other arm. After a hit in the head, the shithead finally blacked out.
"Hello, my name is Antonia Stark. It is a pleasure to meet you." With that, she turned and walked off into the castle, Rhodey and Bruce following her.
Spiderman was not to be disrespected. He was a vigilante and did not care about stuck up assholes like them. Peter Parker wasn’t present, he was Spiderman. Without hesitation, he walked over to the captain.
He was trapped and debris continued to fall. There was nowhere for him to go. Peter turned again and gasped when he saw the spider enclosure. It was that only way, and Peter had a key card. As fast as his legs could carry him, he sprinted towards the door and swiped the card against a panel. It worked, opening up for him. Peter went inside, only for it to trap him inside.
“Darling, you ate an entire bag of tater-tots last night. Not to mention it was still frozen.” Her voice was muffled as her head stayed on the counter. Toni had to suppress a giggle. Unfortunately, the brief moment of peace was destroyed.
“Indeed. My brother is dead. Half the universe is also dead. All because of me. It’s my fault I failed.” His deep voice broke a bit in grief and guilt. The god clenched his hands into fists to try and reign in his emotions.
“Peter-“
"I bet there'll be a bunch of robots, Pete!"
going to let
Hating the silence, Thor banged his left fist on the table. Everyone's head turned toward the god. His eyes were crackling with lightning and thunder, truly looking like an angered god.
Piccolo, quando suoni
A memory bubbled into her head.
"That's a pile of bullshit Rogers and you know it." This time, Rhodey was the one who spoke in a brash, disgusted tone. Steve froze like a deer caught in headlights.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sure that I couldn’t even scratch the surface of the ancient study of magic if I was given a year!”
"It is incredible to see you again, nerd"
"I'm dying probably." The eight-year-old laughed wetly and wrapped his arms around himself.
”I thought that would not matter? We saved the Midgardians. How did more die?”
Toni stared at her wall without emotion. The blank wall was suddenly very interesting to her. She should have kept her mouth shut. Still, she meant every word.
For forever.
Weakly, Eddie smiled at their love. Venom could feel Eddie dying. No. They wouldn't let their other fade away! They've been apart before, during the fight with Riot, and it was the most painful experience they have ever faced.
Oh wait. Thanos. The memories flooded back and Peter started to run in a random direction. He only saw
was in the right to leave her alone, freezing, defenseless in Siberia with a broken Arc reactor.
”Oh, I don’t know. Let me think...hmm...Ah!” Thor towered over the super-soldier. “That she was your fiancé?” The Captain paled.
"Hey Brucey? Can I come in? It's Toni," she tried to have a serious tone to hide her laughter.
"Mom! You were supposed to wake us up!" Peter whined, rubbing his eyes. Promptly, he flopped back on the his pillow and nearly fell asleep again. Next to him was Wade, fully awake and ready to go.
“Please, I can’t lose anyone else. You and the team are all I have left.”
Something in her mind told her that she was probably going to have even more trouble getting weight on him.
Clint
When she felt the coolness of a gun against her head, Toni went into a primal rage.
Venom had summoned his full form and wrapped themselves around their love. They could feel the trembling coming from their Other. She must've felt it to. There was a tense atmosphere that was only getting worse. The symbiote hugged Eddie even tighter.
"W-what?"
Thank you so much for you kind words and comments. They really keep me going. Once I’m done with this Fic, I’ll make another one for prompts and that kind of stuff. Enjoy and thank you for reading!
"Mom, please."
Looking back, she saw the bodies of the Parkers.
"Ma."
When he felt a warm hand on his soldier, he finally looked away from the enclosure. "C'mon Pete, you're going to get left behind. They are going to show you kiddies the aquarium next." His mom smiled at him, wanting to convince him to move on. He was a stubborn kid, and she knew it. Peter nodded and grabbed onto his Ma's hand. They were walking their way back until there was a huge explosion.
Time to call in reinforcements. But first, Toni needs to talk to a certain Captain.
Toni didn't go to her room after the exchange. In fact, she went to Bruce's. She had a job to do and thinking about
But, hey, that's how life works. Yeah. It's just how things are...
“That’s the exact thing that I wanted to talk about.”
Hello everyone! Man it's been a while! School has been keeping me busy that I had to put everything on hiatus. I'm back though! Thank you for all the comments, hits, and kudos! They keep me going. You are all amazing!!
It hadn’t been a day yet, and she had already grown deathly attached to this little angel.
”Wait what?!”
“You also know that Toni wanted you all to sign them for show, right.” It was more of a statement than a question. Steve and Natasha flinched heavily.
" His opalescent eyes held a hesitance to them. Eddie chuckled.
“TONI! GET YOUR ASS TO THE MAIN FLOOR.”
"Sup, Tones. Eventful morning?"
With the help of Bruce, Toni was informed of everything that happened. She chuckled at the image of Scott as an old man. There was a guilty look on her friend’s face, so she was quick to thank and reassure him.
There was no Venom without Eddie. They needed their host. They needed their Other. They were nothing without her. Frantically, Venom searched the apartment for any signs of their Other half.
He looked at his once team mates with conflict in his heart.
"I am! For my brother and my people!" Thor stood up and rose Stormbreaker in his hand. "Thanos has made me lose everything I hold dear. Now it is time to return the favor. What are you Midgardians going to do it for?"
"What? What is it." said a groggy Eddie, who was dressed in a long night shirt with cookie monster socks. Venom hadn't even come up yet. Toni simply pointed at the scene in front of her. "Carnage no revenge and rath, okay? It's a Saturday and we want sleep." It was hilarious how Eddie already new what Carnage was up to within seconds. Motherly instincts are a wonder.
“Well, it’s good to have you, Lang. Is this the second or first trial?”
"T-Tile, the st-st-sticky th-thing on my l-legs, th-th-the air, and the th-th-throbbing in my legs. I..." Wade began to break. Everything was spinning and shifting around. New noises, clacking and laughing- could be heard. His breathing worsened even more. He was going to die. He was going to die here. Alone. The last thing he remembered was two men coming towards him, laughing. Then, something in him snapped.
"What? No.."
“Yes.” She got a cold, bloody smile in return.
He hadn't moved ever since he hit play. Wade began to scream.
When she looked around her, she broke down. They all were dead. It was if they were all hanging on for this baby.
Sobs wracked her entire body. She screamed and wailed. It wasn't true it just wasn't. The information was wrong. Dr. Strange was wrong.
They were... turning to dust.
Everyone grieved. Peter began to wail and scream, Carnage sobbed, Eddie began to hyperventilate, Venom had shut down, and Toni Was silent.
"Duh! We're going to Oscorp remember! The awesome-est  place in the world?!!" Peter jumped up in down in his seat, doe eyes sparkling.
“So, Clint actually went missing, and we now have almost a hundred murder reports? Nat, is this the same Barton we’re talking about?”
Standing in front of all of them was Peter, crying in fear. None of them had lowered their weapons except for Clint. He guiltily put his bow down and tried to smile at the boy.
Toni carried a sleeping Peter in her arms as she walked up to the charter bus. Chaperones and other children were standing around on the loading sight, waiting to go inside. She didn't need to worry about Wade running off as she carried Peter, he was clinging onto her shirt tightly. His long, blonde hair was pulled in a small ponytail with the help of Toni. In turn, she put her own hair in a ponytail to make Wade feel better at his choice of style.
When Wade woke up, he was alone. The tight straps had been taken off of him. There was no signs of anyone being near or around him. No sounds. Nothing. His mind was completely empty. He couldn't think nor feel. That doctor. That monster. On shaky legs, Wade stood up, only to immediately collapse.
The elevator doors dinged open at that moment. Toni prepared herself. She was in an old MIT shirt, jeans, and socks.
“Stark, stand down. We don’t know who that is. He could be dangerous.”
”Of coarse, Miss.”
”HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A MISERABLE THING?! YOU DID THAT TO THE IRON MAIDEN. YOU BETRAYED HER AND LEFT HER TO ROT. YOU EVEN LET HER SON SEE HER LIKE THIS. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU.” Bruce and Natasha tried to hold Thor back, tears streaming down their faces as well. Raising a shaking hand to his face, Steve only looked at the god in guilt.
A small hand on her arm was enough to clear her head. It was Peter, eyes shining bright. A year ago, those eyes were dull. That was the year that she told Peter what happened to his biological family. She remembered the look of utter shock on Peter. The words that he spoke that day were forever ingrained in her mind.
Luckily, the group wasn't far at all. Just in time for the spider tour!
letter and a broken heart. She only wanted to help! There never were intentions to destroy Sokovia, damage New York, or ruin the Avengers at all. Did they know how hard it was to make peace with the citizens after Loki's first attack? Did they know how long Toni has spent with government officials? Did they know that she would have probably changed some statements on the Accords as soon as she could? Did they know what it was like to be betrayed time and time again by someone that you used to love? Did they know? Toni sure did. She knew all too well. But, it's not her place to say right? After all, she is evil and only cares about herself, so she doesn't deserve any forgiveness. That's why
His consciousnesses faded again. The boy was too exhausted to move and stay awake. He passed out ounce more.
A knock came from his door.
Like always, Wade blocked out The Boxes with ease. More because of how much he cared about finding his Petey-Pie. Once Wade found his boyfriend, he was going to give him the biggest kiss in the entire world. Sorry PDA.
“What does?”
Right now, they were on the couch, watching Disney movies. Peter was tucked into her side watching it happily. It was the only temporary distraction that worked on him. The boy was still too young to actually know what really happened to Wade.
“Hah! Yup, just a couple of fuck-ups who have lost everything.” She sighed. “I know how you feel, but you need to know it wasn’t your fault. Thanos is an asshole who could go fuck himself. You didn’t decide to kill billions of i-innocent fucking people. That was all him.” The short woman put her face in her hands and sighed.
"Wh-Where's Wade?" he asked meekly.
person. I could ruin his life. "
“Okay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Miss, the Avengers are at the compound.”
Revenge.
“Thank you. Stay safe!” With that, Toni flew right into the flaming building.
"Hey! You're wearing my gift! I knew you loved it!"
“You have quite the house, Stark.”
We should be reaching the end of this fic in the next month or so. But don’t worry! There will be a sequel ;)
Whatever it takes.
Lascia che quegli occhi brillino e brillino
"Oh yeah! Come on in!" Bruce smiled and welcomed her in. "What's going on?"
"Well, let's take a look at it!" Toni went into the living room, Peter immediately clinging onto her free left hand. When she sat down on the couch, the boy scrambled onto her lap. In her hands was a sloppy drawing of her, Peter, Eddie, Venom, Carnage (Eddie's son), Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Jarvis, a dog, a cat, a spider, and his new friend Wade. On the top said "BIG HAPPY FAMILY!!!"
It’s so much easier to bottle up emotions and ignore problems, so Toni did just that. Even though everyone was still angry at one another, there was a more daunting matter at hand.
“It’s more than likely that he went to somewhere similar. Maybe an alternate dimension of some sort. All we have to do, is find which one.”
Thanks again for reading and I’ll see you all soon!
“Yes, sir.” He looked at Steve mockingly and went back to Toni’s side.
”Oh, child, you don’t remember? I turned to dust. Everyone here must have turned to dust. Including you it seems. I’m so sorry. I do not know anything else.” The woman walked away to a group of elderly looking people.
." The green giant kicked a large rock, sending it flying, and looked at Toni.
“Thanks, Legolas. I have several of them.” Toni smirked at the archer. He chuckled in response.
Five weeks. That's how much time Wade had left. Just one month and a week. Thirty eight days. That was so little time. Wade was so young. It wasn't fair. Toni's heart shattered. He was like a son to her. His adorable smile, wacky jokes, energetic personally, and everything else about him would be gone from her and Peter's and Eddie's lives. How would Peter even deal with this? The two were inseparable. It was clear how much they cared for the other. Why does Wade have to be ripped away from them so suddenly. God, it wasn't fair.
Also this chapter does show baby Peter being breastfed by Toni. Just a little warning ^^
”No!”
"What the FUCK, brat!"
The universe hated her and she hated it back. A familiar exhaustion filled her being. Down in her bones. Then anger.
Scott
Enjoy this new chapter!
Everything was so cool! There were shiny things in every corner, every room, just everywhere! Peter couldn't contain his pure excitement. He had always loved science, it was just so interesting to him. Biology was his favorite by far. So, as they headed into the 'animal' section of the tour, Peter may have gotten a bit too distracted. What could he say? The albino rabbits and mice looked so awesome!
“What does this mean?” Natasha pulled up a hologram. There were titles everywhere of
"Yeah! I'm so pumped!!!!"
Wade had his mask off, showing his heavily scarred face that had shaggy blonde hair around it. In his left hand was the pistol he shot. The young mercenary
Once they heard a familiar young voice was when all hell broke loose. It was Spider-Man. A young
”So what do these Accords have to do with us?”
He was sitting next to her in his same spot. Toni sat at the head of the table with Rhodey on her right. The colonel didn't take his eyes off of the once Captain. Steve's head dropped onto his hand and he swallowed heavily.
“Make sure he’s okay! The boss will have our heads if he isn’t.”
“Ms. Stark, can I got with you?”
Needless to say, Wade ran as fast as he could to his ratty apartment.
“I should be asking you that. Come here, Wade. I don’t bite.” She gently patted an empty spot on her bed. Venom dragged Wade to her. The Symbiote was more than happy to see her and wrapped around her neck.
“Wait, you two know each other,” the Russian spy asked.
”I’ll let this slide because I know how long you’ve waited.”
”What a shame. I didn’t get to shoot them at all,” a voice behind her said. It sounded deranged and insane.
. Around him were people who have also been in the room: Antman, Wong, Hawkeye, Rocket, Nebula, Okoye, Shuri, and himself with Venom. All of them looked furious and decked out in their full suits.
“We need to talk. It’s...It’s personal.”
It was time. Last night, Natasha arrived with Clint. He looked very different. A new haircut and an entirely new demeanor. No one commented on it. He was curt and to the point in his words. The only reason he came back was to get his family back. They all understood.
Tubes were jammed into his spine, shoulders, neck, arms, and legs. He didn’t know what they were doing, but he could feel something being pushing into his body through them.
"You have no idea."
“Hey, Petey Pie. Are you ready to go home?” As if he could understand her, Peter nodded fervently and giggled. Toni picked him up and kissed his little head, ruffling up his soft, brown curls.
“Wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. You are better than Logan,” he whispered in awe. “What if....” Looking at the chainsaw on a stand, he smiled.
”Remember the Accords. Ah, that was quite a time!” Rhodey had a black device in his hand and pressed a button. The dark room lit up with a hologram. It showed the paused scene between Bucky, Steve, and Toni.
They sat like that for almost an hour until Peter pulled away. Sniffling, the little boy whispered in a hoarse voice, "Can I go to my room, mamá?"
"Yup! Revenge." Toni looked at her giant friend and smiled. Hulk roared in excitement and picked her up. Then, they were running back to the castle.
That's when they felt Eddie's form shake violently.
"All I can think about is how you smashed your shield into me, over and over and over again! This could have been all avoided if you trusted me!"
"Yeah, I have the baby formulas and everything?" She was a bit confused why Eddie automatically linked his crying to hunger. However, after she said that, Toni could feel Peter's stomach grumble a bit. Oh. He was hungry.
Why. Why were people so cruel? Mass genocide isn’t mercy. Manipulation and abuse aren’t love. Lies and betrayal aren’t teamwork. Fuck them. Fuck Thanos. Fuck Steve. Fuck the Avengers. She was done. There was only so much that she could take.
"You know me so well."
"Hey, Ms. Brock. Wassup?" The genius smiled at her practically sister and walked toward the couch with a still giggling Peter in her arms.
Not at all.
"Now, summon Hulk." Toni took a few steps back and watched Bruce turn green. It was only temporary.
The people who took Wade were obviously badly people. Very bad peoples. For the next several years, they would be the only people he would ever know.
Only Toni, Peter, and Eddie's family were in the room. They were the only 'relatives' that Wade had. Venom was snaked around Eddie's shoulder and didn't take his eyes off of Wade. On the other side of the bed, Toni was caressing her fingers over Wade's head. She cupped his cheek and gave it a peck. A faint smile appeared on Wade's face.
"Pfft. Anyways," She pulled away to look up at her Other, "Maybe it would be nice to have some kiddies to be running around. What do you think?" Her hand gently cupped Venom's face. The oaf was wearing a suit that became ruined the second they put it on. Goo and clothes don't work out well. Still, Eddie thought her Symbiote looked like the most handsome person in existence.
“Just go and change, you idiot. The people are very impatient,” Pepper sighed, “and you know you are meeting
They had given Toni a way too generous amount of vibranium. It was Shuri’s idea. She knew Toni would create great things with the material. Toni hugged the girl, whispering how she looked forward to working with her in the future.
"Steve, yah alright? You seem a bit pale." There was no emotion on Toni's face when Steve snapped out of his trance like state.
A soft gasp was heard from Wanda.
"Toni, you need to calm down." His soothing voice didn't calm her. Stephen felt something he wasn't prepared to feel when seeing Toni Stark break. His body moved on its own. "We will do everything we have to prolong his life. This is just an estimate." He put his hand on her shoulder, getting her attention. Even if he didn't really believe it, he said, "Miracles are real. There's a chance that he will make it through."
Peter threw it against the wall and put his hands on the counter. He breathed heavily. When he tried to move away so he could take a shower, he found that his hands were stuck. They wouldn’t budge. He pulled as hard as he could, but his hands stayed in place. After one more push, his hands gave way, not without taking a sliver of the counter with him.
Peter truly changed her life, Toni would never be the same. Before, she would never want want children or be seen as maternal, but now she is fretting over her son every minute of every day. Hell, she even makes her own baby things, not trusting anyone else's creations for her little spider.
"Toni is fine."
After finishing her order and signing a couple autographs from the people in the store, including the shocked cashier, Toni sat outside of the shop. No one really was around at the time, preferring to stay inside. It was October, and it was getting pretty cold.
today.” That got her going. Toni nodded and sped-walked to her room.
”You’re lucky this kid is here to save your ass. Otherwise, I would have killed you on the spot.” Her voice was like steel and held no emotion.
”Shit. What other suits do I have?”
The Oscorp building  had been attacked by Hydra for the second time. Words could not describe the contempt she held for those monsters. They always managed to fuck up her life one way or another.  Toni was beyond pissed.
“Night, Lord Of Hammers.”
A memory popped up of Peter talking about her hair.
Wade sighed heavily. There were vain attempts at speaking but his voice refused to work. Even if he hadn’t said anything, Toni knew that Wade was upset about something. Most likely someone.
Now in the city, Wade changed in an actual alley and automatically began climbing up the rooftops. His skin lost all color. "Holy shit." The teen began to hyperventilate at the sight. There was some giant doughnut in the sky. And even worse.
“Yeah, thanks, Toni.”
No one saw the Princess Of Wakanda geek out.
“No...nononnononono...” Toni sobbed loudly. She clutched the baby and flash-drive tightly to her chest. He had stopped crying, instead cooing at her with grabby hands.
“But, you can’t go! You can stay here with us! We’ll hang out every day!” Peter tried to keep his voice steady. It wasn’t working.
”Fuck you! Of course I am!”
“I apologize Dr. Stark for this news. The MRI scan revealed some abscesses in Wade’s brain. They’re tumors most likely. His mother died from brain cancer according to our records. So, there is a definite chance that it’s the same with him.” The neurosurgeon looked at the woman. “We can perform surgery to remove and test said abscesses. It is risky, however.”
“I agree. Goodnight, Iron Maiden.”
With Peter in her arms, the engineer walked towards the entrance to her tower. The baby had been playing and babbling the entire thirty minute drive to her New York estate, now completely out like a light. Toni nuzzled Peter's hair with her nose, enjoying his sweet smell. Like honey and hot chocolate. Said baby huffed and snuggled closer to his mother. She had told Pepper and Happy that she was good for now, letting them go to their own devices. Secretly, she wanted some time alone with her little guy.
“Alright, good. Awesome. Banner, let’s fire it up again. Scott, is that okay? You can change out of that suit if you want.”
“I-I...I..”
." Hulk held her surprisingly gently as he ran. They were at the palace in under a minute.
“Dr. Stark, I suggest we leave. You have a meeting with the press in four hours.” A warm hand fell on her shoulder. Peter gave her a gentle squeeze.
"We're getting to see some spiders?"
, but you didn't believe it." It still hurt. It hurt so much. Toni didn't realize she had stood up and walked over to the wall until she opened her eyes she had apparently closed.
It was tense. No guards, no funny quips, nothing. It was just the broken team.
“Boys, settle down. Your voices are making the rest of us go deaf.”
"I think you need some help. Do you know how to feed the little tike?"
None of the others actually knew what really happened. Toni had refused to speak about it all together. It hurt Rhodey to bring back these memories for his best friend, but he had to do it.
"Remember why?"
"I will alert you when your children wake up." Toni chuckled at his cheeky tone. Quietly, she undressed and took an icy shower. When she came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body, she sighed in relief to see that the two still hadn't woken up. Good. Toni put on some dark navy jeans, a black t-shirt with the Iron Man helmet in the middle (a gift from Wade), and matching black, heeled boots. The woman was about to do her hair when she heard a groan behind her.
"Ms. Stark? Your order is ready." The young teen working the register popped his head through the door.
Thor thundered over to the pair. “She was your teammate. She housed you. She did everything for you. She loved you. And you did this to her.” The pure disgust in his voice was palpable.
The boy was gone. Turned into dust. It got harder to remember the good times when all she could think about was how terrified Peter was as he crumbled in her arms. His apologies and cries not to go will always haunt her.
It was Toni. She was decked out in a burgundy button up with black pants and heeled boots. At her side was none other than Shuri. The young princess looked tired but ready to kill anyone who stood in her way. She wanted revenge on Thanos just as much as everyone did.
It would be a lie to say she didn't long for the warm hugs Steve would envelope her with. The fun jokes and banter they would share. The delicious pancakes on Saturday. The soft kisses given throughout the day. She missed it.
”I’m afraid so miss.”
old. He should be breastfed at this age. But Toni felt terrified to do so. Every time she looked at the piece of metal shoved into her chest made her stomach churn.
her to be in the 'Avengers'. She had the weapons, knowledge, and money to truly help them out. It felt wrong though. He also needed more people, and she had connections. Bruce had been pretty panicky as of late, talking about the government and how it's on to him again. No matter what, though, she will not forgive herself if she caused the deaths of the people she loved.
”Yes, Miss.” Jarvis’s worried tone was as clear as day. She felt guilty for yelling, but what other choice does she have? Use the elevator?
”Wait, What?! Are you serious! You were adamant on overseeing everything!”
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that." Toni swallowed her sobs as she clung to her anchor. "Is this about, Peter?" Steve tried to keep his voice gentle. He had a feeling that the she was still in shock about the death of Peter. It was so irresponsible of her to force the boy to become her apprentice or some sort. It was a shame he turned to dust.
“I’m so sorry, sweetheart. It had to be done.” Rhodey enveloped her in his arms as she started to sob. Broken ‘thank you’s' were heard every now and then and Rhodey just held her tighter. They stayed in that position for a while until Toni pulled back and smiled at her friend.
“I’ll be able to track that. Nat, you and him are as close as two people can be. I’m trusting you to find him.”
"Wh-What? No, I..... Well... I mean...Uhm..." Toni started to card her fingers through her hair as she began to ramble, "N-no. I-I'm not pregnant whatsoever. Won't ever be that careless with my life!" Her voice was strained. Eddie smelt bullshit, even through the screen.
She took off her oil stained tank-top, old work boots, and dirt jeans as she ran to her bathroom. Like JARVIS had said, the water was already running. Quickly, she took off her socks, bra, and hair tie. Before she went in, she grabbed her toothbrush and toothpaste. Multitasking.
“T-Toni....g-give th-this to h-him wh-when he is r-ready. P-please.” May’s voice broke the deafening silence. As soon as it came, it faded away. At her side was a flash drive. It read:
"Is th-th-there any medicine?" Wade said, shaking. His whole body felt weak, and he still couldn't really breathe. He snapped up when he saw the cold glare his father gave him. He was angry.
“Psh. No need to get so defensive. She’s a whore and we all know it.” Everyone else chuckled except for Steve.
A knock came from the door. It was Dr. Strange, clipboard in hand with a neutral expression on his face.
Wade fell back asleep, leaving Toni shaken up. No one saw her cry.
While Wade is getting trained to be a mercenary...a monster, Peter was trying to become a superhero. Too bad that he won’t tell his mother. And these new strangers are living with him.
"But Mooooom!"
"Thanks Jarvis."
“We will be starting the next test run in three...two...one!” Another flash, and Scott disappeared and reappeared seconds later. This time, he looked a lot more depressed.
She tried to keep an emotionless facade, inside she was furious and slightly scared, "What do you want, Fury." It was a command, all her politeness she was trained to give to people who asked her questions were gone. This wasn't a reporter, just a stuck up idiot.
”I’ll get you back, Pete. I promise. We’ll celebrate with as much popcorn, cookies, and cake as you want. I swear to it. I love you so much, amore.”
Toni was sat in front of her and held her hand tightly. “That’s why we can’t let him go. I have trackers on almost everything. That duffle bag is one of those things. I’ll get a jet ready as I pin point the location.” She gave a reassuring smile at her friend. The spy rushed forward and hugged her, whispering her thanks.
"I am not sure miss, but you should probably make breakfast."
She was Toni God Damn Stark. The billionaire, Playgirl, philanthropist, genius, the list goes on. Her reputation took too long to create and she had to maintain it.  Quickly using the toilet, she then stripped off her clothes and got into the shower.
you goddammit. So much. I loved you and look what happened! You left me to die! You thought I would kill Bucky, so you chose yourself over me. We were
Thor leaned over and whispered cheekily, “More like a miniature male.” It took everything she had to not burst out laughing. She gave a quick glare at him before a smile spread across her face.
There was a silence between the three. It was heavy with grief and sorrow. However, Toni Stark was a person of many words. She wrapped the teenager in a hug.
That purple, testicle chinned grape will get what’s coming to him.
After asking around, she was lead to a workshop all to herself.
"You were going to kill Bucky." Steve's response was immediate. He was so sure of himself that it made Toni's heart clench.
”O-oh. Thanks I guess.”
"I love you Toni Stark. I love you. I'm so sorry. I fucked up. I've never forgiven myself and I don't expect you to either. I just want you to know how horrible I feel about it." Steve's voice was completely shattered and wobbly as he held his love tightly. Seeing her so hurt and alone broke him. He couldn't fight himself anymore and went to hug her.
“See you in a minute.” The Russian spy winked and smiled at the others.
A silence filled the room.
“Among other things, yes,” Steve muttered.
”Tell them what?” Steve’s voice was firm, but it was evident that he was fearful.
”Shut it, Happy.”
AAAAAA ALMOST ONE THOUSAND HITS??? THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH! Thanks so much again everyone!
When she was about to head to her workshop, her phone went off. It was an emergency, a building was in flames. Time for Ironman.
"Toni, there was no other way." With that, he turned to dust. Her eyes widened at the sight. It happened so suddenly and without mercy. There was nothing anyone could do to stop it. That's what hurt the most. Strange couldn't even say goodbye to the people he cared about. No chance nor control. Not an ounce of mercy. She tried her best to not cry at the sight. Even though they did not get along at first, Toni found that Stephen was great to be around. He even called her 'Dr. Stark', her proper title. It had been years sense she heard that name. Words couldn't describe the respect she formed when she heard her name. Now that respectful and serious person is gone. Her thoughts came to a halting stop when she heard another voice, filled with confusion.
None of them noticed the tears flowing from their faces.
“I will,” the Russian paused. “You know, I had nothing before this job. No family or life. He was the first person to ever show me any kind of love.”
Those were the last words spoken before the mass genocide of half the planet ensued. A flash, and Thanos disappeared, leaving devastation in his wake. Everyone in Wakanda froze as the atmosphere turned grim and heavy. All adrenaline produced from battle disappeared. In replacement, a deep discomfort began to rise. Not one person in the entire land said a word. They  only stared at nothing. Only Thor's heavy breaths could be heard. They radiated anger and defeat, but he still hadn't said a word.  That was until a tired voice spoke.
WARNING:
”Did you at least tell them?” The question was filled with so much loathing that everyone in the room tensed.
“Jarvis, call for backup. I’m not leaving them here.”
Rest your head close to my heart
Rhodey had lead his dear friend towards a guest room that was right next to his. As they all walked, Bruce began to talk about what had happened in Wakanda. His voice was quiet and gentle as he explained the situation. Toni nodded at him and wrapped her arms around herself and began to lean on him. They barely had any time to catch up because of Thanos, so they just relished in the presence of one another.
What's not to like? She got to spend an entire day with her son while making everyone else shell shocked. Any PTA mom that tried to say anything rude about anyone was promptly shut up whenever Toni Stark glanced in their direction. Those caked-face bitches always pissed her off to know end. Especially when it came to her son and Wade. Sometimes, they would try to get attention and say all the rumors about the monster that was Toni Stark and how horrible it must be for Peter to live with her. Or that Peter was such a brat or trouble maker because of his mom.
The two continued to exchange screams until Toni herself screamed,"BREAKFAST IS HERE!" That made them go quiet. Wade scrambled oof his seat and went into the pantry and fridge. He got out Nutella, butter, and maple syrup. He unceremoniously plopped the sides on the counter. They all dug in.
"Alright. I'll do it. On a few conditions." She stood up and summoned her suit with a touch of her bracelet. "You leave my family the fuck alone, don't keep secrets from me, and let me know everything that you plan to do before anyone else. Got it? Because I will not hesitate to kill you right now if you lie or take advantage of me." Her gauntlet was right against his temple, ready to fire at the slightest movement.
Non ti dispiace cosa dicono
Everyone was starting to give up. They couldn't stay in Wakanda forever. Most of them went off to help out the ones who survived, checking in with Toni each day. The only people who stayed were herself, Wade, Venom, Bruce, Steve, Thor, and Rhodey.
Child Death
The woman glared back. This ass. Still, he had a point. There had been more attacks recently and more pressing events. Like fucking Captain America being alive? At least she already new about it. She had eyes as well. Although, this man really seemed to know his stuff. Toni had a feeling that this man
“Oh, Webby,” Peter said aloud, walking over to her terrarium. He took out the tarantula, and she immediately crawled onto his shoulder and began to chitter. It was her own way of purring. But, it was incredibly hard to hear it. How was he hearing it so easily. In fact, he would feel every granule of her soft fur. His head snapped behind him when he felt her crawling around his neck and hissing.
"I think it's time. Besides, I couldn't imagine being with anyone else. Your my one and only love."
Being parents to the troublemaker that was Carnage, Eddie and Venom tended to sleep as much as they could. It was a rare occurrence when they could have a full nights sleep with being fully time parents and a crime fighter and a journalist. Even Venom began to truly love the beauty that is naps.
"Well you know that wizard you embarrassed me in front of?"
"EVERYONE GET DOWN. EDDIE, TAKE PETER AND WADE. DON'T ENGAGE!!" Toni screamed through the panic. The other boy had walked off to be with Eddie, so he was fine. Peter could see the terror in Eddie's eyes and sense Venom's anger. His aunt and uncle were on high alert, especially his uncle. His Other was pregnant with their twin girls, Agony and Scream, and Venom was
"Alright, Toni. Alright." Steve smiled warmly and kissed her on the cheek, walking away to his room.
Toni chuckled and headed towards the nursery with the woman that became a good friend of hers.
“Good job, everyone. Very good job.”
"Alright, Toni, but we need to clean out your wounds first." Toni groaned in complaint but complied. She sat on the stiff bed and took off her damaged clothes. If she was with different people, she would blast them for even believing that they could strip her. She's had enough creeps do that to her, but she was with Rhodey and Bruce, they were different.
"Oh my god, will you stop it with that nickname!" She combed a hand through her short, blonde hair in annoyance. Of course, she wasn't actually angry, especially because Venom was cackling in her mind. Her symbiote truly loved the combined name. It was invented a long time ago when the pair got a bit too tipsy and started talking nonsense. Names like 'Toni Man', 'Eddom', 'Ironi', and more were said between the two. Eventually, the name 'Veddie' was slurred from her and she could literally see Toni's eyes light up.
“I bet he’s just as happy as you are.”
"Don't worry about it. I'm glad I came when I did. You look like you need some help."
It was his sanity. That was what broke. He never had much of it to begin with. And, no, it wasn't from schizophrenia. It just ran in his family. All except his mother. His loving mother that was taken away from him.
Still, there were wonderful times on those trips. Peter and Wade laughed the entire time and were so excited about everything. They would point out the window and get Toni's attention towards a cow they saw or indulge her on random facts that she already knew on the animal. It was beyond adorable. The best part for her was the journey back, Wade and Peter were tuckered out and fell asleep on her. Their faces were so peaceful and content that Toni's heart soared. It would remind her that there was good in the world. Usually next to her, Eddie was experiencing the same exact thing with her son. The boy was tucked into her side and Venom was wrapped around him in a makeshift blanket.
Should she agree to it? Legally, it wasn’t up to her. Toni wasn’t his parent nor guardian. It was also up to Wade in some way. This could save his life. If anything went wrong, then it could just as well end it. How could she never realize that Wade was this sick?
”That’s his home planet, Titan. It’s now an abandoned planet, but Thanos still loved it.” Toni couldn’t suppress a shiver at the sight of Titan. That was where her life fell apart. Literally and metaphorically.
"Do you know how fucking expensive that shit is?!! Why would I spend my money on a little shit like you, huh?!" Wade only winced when his father slapped him roughly. Then there was a punch. A kick. A slam. A slap. Repeat. "You are such a damn brat! I spend my money on you and you have the fucking audacity to ask me for something so expensive!!" Another punch. Finally, he stopped and huffed at the crumpled boy. "Good thing I was given this today." A paper was thrown at him.
Toni fitted Scott into a new suit that she created for everyone. It was a nice white with red along the sides. Well, she had to give credit to Nat for her fashion advice. The two had reconciled over the months and became close once again.
”Yes, miss, all other heat signatures look like inanimate objects. They must be the last people in there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Many tears were shed on that day. Nevertheless, they moved on. Sure, Peter was upset and confused, but he took it like any adult would. Even though he was six at the time.
"Yeah!" The young brunette let out his best cackle and jumped on the couch, right onto Toni. She let out a small groan on impact but otherwise didn't move from her laying position. Peter took this as an invite to start smushing her cheeks around, making her look like a fish.
Agh!" Bruce tried again to only have the same result.
"I know. I kn-kn-know." Wade began to sob once more, beginning to hyperventilate. He felt like he was dying and running out of air. "M-MOMMY!" The boy screamed into the empty place. But his mom was gone. She died a long time ago. Wail after wail, and Wade fell deeper and deeper into his panic attack.
The only people on the team that were actually real teammates towards he were Thor and Bruce. Everyone else can fuck off. She was done with Natasha’s insults and two sided nature. Toni was through with Clint’s disrespect and irrational anger at her. Antonia Stark was beyond over Steve Rogers. It took her long enough to realize how much of an asshat that he was. How did she not see it sooner.
"Will you two shut the fuck up?" The young mercenary huffed out. He quickly swung from bridge to bridge, not even coming close to the speed of Pete's. Wade already had is mask on as he did so.
"We all know that we can call people on this, so how about we make some calls? If we're going to defeat an all powerful being, we are going to need more than an out of touch team. Who's with me?"
“Please! I don’t want to go to my room!”
Seeing Toni’s shivering, death like body, Steve broke down. That’s not the worst that happened. Not even close.
“We have a our teams, yay,” Toni did jazz hands, “Now, I advise that you guys start to train. Get out your pent up emotions on a punching bag. Or loosen up your muscles. Y’all are dismissed.” The engineer had to hide her surprise when she saw them follow her orders. Wowzers.
(See the end of the chapter for
In her arms, Peter stirred and began to whine until Toni ran a hand through his hair comfortingly. Must be having a small nightmare. Peter still dreamed about the fires and destruction that killed his parents even though he was only minutes old. All that Toni could do was whisper sweet nothings and reassurances into his ear and hug him tightly. In her seat, Peter was on her lap, snuggling even more into his mother. Wade was on her right, looking out the window while talking to himself. To her left, Eddie sat with a tired Carnage, who was hugging her side and had his head on her shoulder. The seat was the largest in the bus and probably the most comfortable, meant for Toni Stark, but she wanted her practically sister sit there instead. Venom still hadn't come out yet, but she could tell that Eddie was chatting with him in their shared mind.
"Thanos took everything from us. Without mercy. Just straight up genocide. Now, what we are going to do is. One: Beat his purple ass. Two: Get Everyone we love back. and Three: Figure out how to do the first two. Well, let's get started."
Thor came rushing out, Stormbreaker in hand. He had a face mask on him and with hair was in a bun. “BY ODIN’S BEARD! YOU’VE DONE IT, ANTONIA!” The god ran towards her and scooped her up, swinging her around.
Even though she knew she had an important meeting with the press about the future of Stark Industries, the genius was more excited for her other meeting.
Shaking the worried thoughts from her head, Toni smirked, "Nah, kiddo. But what are you guys mad at him for? Must've been pretty serious."
“Look, bud, I’m not good with the emotional stuff, but I know what’s goin’ on. You feel shitty. You feel like a fuck-up, a failure. Does that sum it up?” Toni grabbed her coffee, not bothering to put anything in it, and plopped down next to Thor.
"Were you scared Hulk?" She asked gently.
Toni held Peter to her as closely as she could without hurting him and blasted the man again.
Toni almost dropped the bowl. Oh, right. The school wanted their students to get a look at the most 'educational' place in New York. Even though this would be a trip with mostly seven-year-olds. She smiled and began to heat up the stove. It wasn't long until she already had the first pancake in the pan.
The atmosphere was tense. Both of them avoided eye contact and just looked around. After what felt like an eternity, Toni locked eyes with Steve.
Wade/Venom
Dust. Turning into dust? How had he-
"Please, mom. I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go. Please, Mama." His breath was erratic and he clung onto his mother for dear life.
Oh god. When she turned to respond, her heart ached to see the watery eyes of Peter. He was very familiar with The Scarlett Witch and her powers. His face, however, was stern and left no room for argument. No matter what Toni said, Peter would still follow her. The boy was fiercely protective over her for some reason.
”Yes I am!”
AAAAGGGHHH THIS HAS BEEN AN AGONIZING CHAPTER TO WRITE. I restarted it a whole bunch of times but oh well.
"Steve, wait." Time to face her fears. The super soldier froze and slowly turned to look at Toni. His blue eyes held sadness and so much guilt. She had to tear her eyes away. Rhodey still hadn't gotten up, knowing Toni all too well. She would need the support.
Both men didn't dare  to talk about what had happened in Titan. The look in Toni's eyes was enough and the fact that she returned with just one other person.
It had been a few months since the incident, and there were still no leads.
Really thinking it over, Steve started to doubt himself. In all his years that he'd known Toni, he knew that she would never kill someone outright. Of course Toni would be emotional after just learning that her parents were murdered, not killed in a car accident. Bucky most likely knew it as well. He wasn't as panicky that he should have been if he knew that Iron Man was about to kill him.
"Exactly! So that's what we are going to work on! Come with me!" The engineer grabbed Bruce's hand and dragged him outside. It was beautiful and bright, hidding the tragedy that occurred here. She ignored the scientist's pleads and whines the entire time. They found a spacious wide area, perfect for an angry green man.
"Now let's go put Jeffrey back in the tank, hm? I bet he had a rough night." All the children perked up and went to follow Eddie and Venom.
A Venom blob asked. His tendrils were looking in a cupboard filled with utensils. Unceremoniously, Eddie plopped her head onto the table.
“Oh, what are you doing here?”
"Mommy! Stoooop!!" He said in between giggles.
Toni watched as the Hulk appeared for a few seconds to only say 'No'. Interesting. Maybe the Hulk was scared.
~NONONONONONONONONONO~
A tortured woman gets to relive memories. Don’t worry they are ones she loves, but they are ones she wants to have happen again.
The effects of her spell still had an affect on her. As if the woman heard her, she could feel the pain in her head already come. Her eyes began to fog with her red mist again. Dammit.
Toni broke down.
The next chapter will come soon! I assure you! The events in endgame will happen in this Fic as well! Although, not all of them will. I won’t reveal which aspects though.
”Nat, we’re about to start the machine. Can it wait?”
“No.”
Also the new suit looks like a mix of the iron spider suit and a classic iron man suit. I’m sorry, I really suck at describing things ahhh
"She's such a bitch." The boy cackled, not really caring of his volume. Toni sputtered at the language.
Who was being wracked by coughs. Horrid violent coughs that shook his whole frame.
"Enough with the sorries, Cap. That won't change anything anymore. What's done is done. You can't change the past." The engineer's voice was calm, as if this was a casual discussion for her.
Getting out of the shower, Toni looked at herself again. Still boney and worn, but a bit better. Her hair felt soft and clean, and her skin felt healthy and smooth. However, she couldn't stand her hair. Not one bit.
Turns out it did, showering the short woman with icy cold water. Oh right. She didn't click on any settings. Damn.
"We got a situation!" His head snapped towards Sam's voice. But the man was nowhere to be found, already being turned to dust.
“Love you too, Mommy!”
Little one, when you play
Mai una lacrima
They woke up in the same room. Everything seemed untouched. Peter and Venom were still unconscious. When Toni looked behind her, she screamed.
Now in her room, Toni rubbed her face with her hands and groaned. Why was she so weak? She could have just left or not have said anything! Whatever, it already happened.
Wade looked at Peter and smiled. He gave a weak squeeze to his hand. His eyes began to flutter and his breathing stopped. With that, Wade Winston Wilson passed away. His family all around him.
“Alright Scott, you know the drill. In and out, okay?”
Just thank you again and I hope you enjoy!
Thankfully, Happy was already there waiting for her with a frustrated Pepper in the front seat
“Petey? Wade’s here. Estás bien, amore?”
”Cap’n. So glad to see a cheater and fellow criminal.”
Once in the car, Pepper immediately started to fix her hair and makeup. Being in such a rush, Toni could only put her wet hair in a messy bun and get some basic makeup on.
"No. A team of crime fighting superheros. People who will save the world. Face it, you know that this world isn't safe. There are alien invasions and all sorts of fuckery everywhere. So us at S.H.I.E.LD. would appreciate it if you would join."
The engineer saw the exhausted look in her friend’s eyes. She had to trust that Nat wasn’t lying. Toni sighed, “Bruce, do the test run without me-“
“It worked. I-I s-s-saw my daughter.” The man gave a watery smile at them and wiped his eyes. “I should go get changed.” With that, he walked away, head in his hands.
"Oh, I've heard of your group. So secretive yet so involved in every part of the world. Especially the tragedies."
" It shut off, leaving the Merc with a Mouth in the dark.
There was this time in winter where Peter had begged her to go with him for hot chocolate. He forgot his jacket in his excitement, so Toni went and got him several hoodies and this $1000 brown, fur lined parka. She laughed wetly as she remembered the shocked remarks and pleads from the teen.
"I propose a more complex solution."
Once Peter and Toni made it home, without Wade for once, a heavy silence filled the air. Immediately, Toni scooped her son into her arms and headed to the couch. She started humming to him soothingly as she feel Peter start to shake. The terrified boy began to whine and cry, burying his head into her chest. His hold was surprisingly strong, stronger than ever, almost crushing Toni. Still, the woman could care less.
For hours, Wade had been restless. He was supposed to be with Peter in MoMa, but the spiderling just had to go save the world. The second the bus stopped, Wade jumped out, uncaring of the people shouting at him to come back. The junior ran and ran. Eventually, he stopped giving a shit and took out his grappling hook out of his utility belt.
Her breath was hitching as she looked at the bloodied scene in front of her. She didn’t even hear Richard’s and May’s instructions for Mary. All she could do was stare at the head.
“I hope they do get together. It would hit Steve right in the dick and let me win a bet with Peter!” The merc couldn’t help but smile at the thought of seeing Peter pout and give Wade five bucks. Words couldn’t describe how happy he was to get his baby boy back.
A broken sob escaped her lips, and she turned off the phone. Grabbing a pillow, Toni screamed and wailed inside it. Her thin frame shook and heaved with each cry. She didn’t care about the others hearing or what happened earlier. Her son was gone. What else fucking mattered? That’s right, nothing.
Quietly, he started to hum a tune to himself. It was familiar and comforting. Why? Well, it was what his mom always hummed whenever he needed soothing and somebody to hug him.
"I’m doing it for Toni." Rhodey.
Toni flew as fast as she could around the building, shooting a special white foam that was perfect for putting out all types of fires. Her heart was beating out of chest at the site of the blazing fire. It was unbelievable hot, no doubt giving its victims third-degree burns. As she flew around the building, she got a good look at the people affected.
heat signatures?” There wasn’t an answer after she said that. Her heart constricted with fear of knowing that innocent people could die before she found them. Oh god, no.
Toni couldn’t help but smile at his very sarcastic tone. Looking at the fussy baby in her arms, she smiled even more.
Let those eyes sparkle and shine
The next morning, everyone suited up into their new suits. Toni had given them each a device that would take them to the past and back to the present. She explained how they only had one shot at doing this.
Meet me at your apartment :)
It was dark. Why was it so dark? Where was he?
”You may not remember calling it that because you were intoxicated, but it is a suit that is meant to ease yourself and others. It is not very bulky and intimidating, yet it is one of the most powerful suits you have.”
"Don't worry, hun. He's okay. I'll show you to him." Eddie scooped him up and began to walk towards the end of the room. All the other kids and chaperones were crying and hugging their own children tightly or reassuring others. Carnage had actually turned into his symbiote for and sunk into his mom, being comforted by his father on the inside. A little over a minute passed until they reached the end of the area. Gently, Eddie put Peter down and watched as he ran towards his friend.
“Toni? Hurry up, you’re going to be late for your meeting with the press!” a familiar voice was heard through the thick walls of Toni’s workshop. Speaking of the engineer, she was currently working on a new suit, and she definitely didn’t spend the last several days working on it.
“Y-yeah.” Toni’s voice was distracted from the little person in front of her.
“Yeah we can just go up to him and,” He pulled his hands apart, making it look like he had a rope in his hands. Rhodey made a few strangling motions while looking at them. A few pauses passed.
"I'll do it for Groot." Rocket.
Sorry if I made you guys wait too long! School has been keeping me busy and other stuff. Anyways, please leave any feedback you have to help improve the story.
as he ran. There was no other landscape in sight. It was all the same barren wasteland.
“Not really. Remember how long it took me to understand the purpose of the Men of Boxes? I still can’t believe you Midgardians have a mailman and a pizza-man. Why can’t you just acquire such things yourself?”
“Iron Maiden, can you tell me what has occurred to the Avengers? I cannot understand it.”
“Look, Thor, I know. What I did was horrible. I shouldn’t have been so blind. I’m sorry.” It was extremely rare for Natasha to show so much emotion, but she did. Her arms were wrapped around herself in guilt. The usual indifferent voice of the spy was broken and hoarse.
”Well, Cap didn’t want to sign it. Neither did a few other people. Then boom. You have one team against the others. Also, turns out Bucky killed my parents when he was mind-controlled.”
Luckily, her CEO always came prepared, having makeup wipes, hair accessories, new makeup, and even a towel for her hair. As the woman fixed up the tired engineer, Toni couldn’t help but let her thoughts wander.
”Wade stay with me! You’re going to be okay! Breathe! Please!” That was all Wade could hear. It was Peter’s voice.
"Diddo, Pointbreak." They quietly laughed. It was short lived though.
"Hulk please.....need you....don't say that.....I know....can fix this...kill Thanos...save everyone....strong.." Bruce mumbled random sentences, until he snapped. A thundering roar was heard, along with some tearing clothes.
Child Abuse, the R-word, Human Experimentation, Implied/Aftermath of Sexual Assault, Breaking of Sanity, Guns, and Murder
Natasha
during a press-conference. A reporter had stupidly asked about how Toni feels about people like 'Eddie Brock'.  Needless to say that that reporter wasn't seen ever again, well maybe at your local grocery store as a cashier. Venom still remembered how touched Eddie was at her best friend's words.
So he did. With strength he didn't know he had, he punched out the two men's teeth. They fell to the floor, and Wade pulled out a pistol from one of their holsters.
All she got in return was a
“Jesus you took so long,” welcomed Clint in a condescending tone. The others just glared at her. Especially Wanda. “Were you two fucking of something?” He gestured at her and Peter.
All Toni did was nod at the others and begin to walk away. Right before she left, Wanda growled out.
Hello!! I actually went and looked up some lines from Endgame for all of y’all! Sorry if the wait was too long, I’m still in summer school. At least, it ends this week! Thank you all for reading and please leave comments! They keep me going!
“Edds, I have to go. Don’t burn anything.”
"Touche."
"I don't know S-Steve. I d-d-don't know." Toni pulled away and stared at his tear streaked face, "We have to get ready for Thanos. See you there big guy." Toni smiled weakly and patted Steve on his shoulder.
The lights went out.
“What’s the news Dr. Strange.” Toni said quietly, aware that Peter was asleep. The look on the doctor’ face wasn’t good. He sighed.
HELLOOOO :)
"No! Seriously, I m-mean it." His voice got choked up, "W-what if I'll never see you again? Your healing factor might not always work, and I'm not the most careful person either." There was a heavy lump in his throat. Tears then fell as he felt Wade's warm hand cup his face.
"Something is happening." Then Mantis turned to dust.
Most of the team yelled at her during the calls. None of them understood just how difficult it was to execute something as foreign as time travel. Toni had to study the nature to the Pym Particles and their science. She memorized the different dates where stones had been present. Thanks to Natasha from her recommendation, Toni had three stones located in New York. Creating a device to extract the Aether from Jane's body also took a big portion of her time. The soul stone and power stone were found from Nebula's aid. Now all they had to do was figure out how to make such a machine.
He didn’t see the woman flinch.
"You've done nothing to reconcile! You're so stuck up and arrogant that you think that you're right all the time. Well, you're not! After everything, you still think that you did nothing wrong? Bullshit! You ruined my life in every way possible." Her breath was shaky. She meant every word. The bastard was always in her head, haunting her. Each time she did something slightly bad, she just thought about how disappointed Captain America would be. She had seen him as her idol when she was young and naive.
"Not to worry kid. This is an exciting place. Must make a smart boy like you excited. Here," The woman took off her necklace that had her badge on it and put it around Peter's head. "a future scientist needs his card." The young boy giggled and said his thanks to the kind lady. Wow! He was given a gift from a real scientist! Well, his mother was a scientist, doctor, and engineer, but that was different! He laughed again and skipped to the group, Wade running behind.
“Why the long face? Let me guess, he turned into a baby.”
With that in mind, Peter drew closer to the spider. It was alone on it's web, large and beautiful. His eyes dilated as he continued to come closer, in a trance. Reaching his arm out towards the silent creature, he smiled kindly. It was like he didn't have any control over his mind. If he did, Peter would be far away from the spider and just wait in a corner for his mom. However, he didn't feel like that. Completely overpowered with the need to touch it. The spider slowly got off of its web and crawled on Peter's arm, dark legs tickling him a little. It continued to crawl across his arm, but then stopped. It began to run all over Peter's body, stopping at his neck.
"Wade, I've worn this shirt several times, but you're right. I do love it." She went over and scooped up Wade and blew raspberries into his tummy. The boy shrieked with laughter and wiggled like crazy.
“DAMMIT ANTONIA STARK!” Pepper’s exasperated voice was heard. Clear as day.
“His name is Peter Benjamin Parker. He is almost three months early.” The strong yet faint voice of Mary made Toni stop focusing on the baby in her arms.
What has he done.
“Jarvis, are they coming up the elevator?”
“Don’t roll your eyes. Scott’s right. We can easily make a multitude of paradoxes if we do the wrong things. There is no going back. Billions of timelines will be put in risk or, hell, created if that happens. So, no goofing off. Understand?”
“Alright. Let’s get planning.”
. Screams and sobs from Okoye signaled that T'Challa was gone as well.
The boy flinched at the loud voice of his uncle. His tendrils reached into the space, looking for him. Peter moved closer towards the tendril and let it envelop him as it pulled him out of the room. He was met with the worried but relieved face of Venom. Without hesitation, he threw his arms around him and started to cry, scared to death. Quickly, Venom reentered the safe-room the staff had lead them to, still covering Peter with a protective shield.
For the next hour, they discussed their plan of attack. There would need to be several groups, each searching for Thanos with the dimension tracker.
"ROGER THAT, SIR!"
“First off, you know about the amendments of the accords, right?” A collective nod from most of them. Thor was still a bit confused, but he was trying his best to understand.
“Oh my god, you look like shit.”
Also yes. WE GET SOME MORE CHARACTERS. Young Deadpool is based off of the little hero AU by pixelzq! Check it out: http://ask-thelittleheros.tumblr.com
”Tones, are you alright?” Bruce.
“Were you the fucker that did this.” It was more of a statement than a question.
Like she had heard, the baby’s head was sticking out. With shaking hands, she gently held onto it. Her gauntlets emitted a comforting warmth for the child.
After the snap, everything went to hell. Without mercy, people would turn to dust at random. No control nor choice over it. There wasn't even a chance to say goodbye to their loved ones. All they could do was sob as they turned to dust.
“Choose your groups of four. There can’t be any more or any less than that.” Toni carded a hand through her hair tiredly. It didn’t take long for them to choose. They simply wrote the teams on a piece of paper.
With a sigh she cut the umbilical cord. Looking around her, she shakily stood up and went over to Mary’s body. She took of her black shirt and wrapped it around Peter as a makeshift diaper. The baby fussed as she put in on but didn’t cry.
Toni walked away with Peter in her arms. This did not go well. A couple minutes passed in silence. Peter got up and said he had to go to the bathroom.
“Toni! There you are! Uh, yeah, he did.” A sheepish Bruce tried to seem calm as he did so.
The kid didn't deserve the actual verbal abuse from those parents mouths. Names like 'insane', 'nuisance', 'idiot', 'retarded', or 'disgusting' were thrown throughout the entire trip. Because Wade wasn't
Rocket looked on in shock. “He’s pretty good at that.”
At least they could all agree on
"Just try it," Toni said in an amused voice. Her friend complied and closed his eyes.
As the two women walked around the facility, Natasha informed her on everything that has happened in the past few months. Needless to say, Toni was left speechless.
?! Why did you think I would actually agree to all the terms of the Accords. You should have known it was for show and that I should change them as much as I could! You knew I wouldn't let Wanda get hurt and arrested, that's why I had to leave her
to him, an act that few people did to him. However, his mother hated seeing her precious son hanging out with the 'insane and retarded kid and the utter brat'. If Toni was going to make it through this trip, she had to stop thinking about reasons to blow up Linda.
"Eddie..." Venom sluggishly moved to their bedroom and a memory popped into their heads.
Peter fell in her arms seconds after her words. The boy was already starting to sob.
Toni looked at Dr. Strange pleadingly.
"Petey? What are you doing oogling that lizard? We have some spiders to see!" The brash voice of his best friend snapped Peter out of his trance. Huh. He didn't even realize he had been staring at the beautiful, albino reptile at all. Wait. Spiders?
”Oh my god. Well, let’s save some people. Activate extinguishers.”
Finally, things are being put into place. Thanos was going to be beaten up soon. Everyone will be brought back. The world restored. They would make sure of it
"Well you two got ready quickly." She raised an eyebrow teasingly. "Were you two that excited?" Promptly, Toni finally added the water and began to mix it up with a whisk. It quickly became a nice batter and was ready to cook after a few more seconds of mixing. The short woman lifted the bowl off the counter.
“Help us with him. Please.” His eyes were looking at Mary.
What is up everyone! Another chapter! This one will be the darkest one yet however. Feel free to skip this. That and the Avengers have finally appeared! It is pretty dialogue heavy, I'm sorry about that!
“Sorry, Yukio.”
"We have a deal Stark. We have a deal."
The doctor sawed off his feet and forearms before dropping the bloodied weapon. He began to unbuckle his belt and tightened Wade’s bonds.
“Aw, Pointbreak, it was nothing. I’m sorry it took so long. I had to study three different sciences. Magic, Wakandan, and Hank Pym’s Chicken scratches.”
”Wait. Why do you call her ‘sir’? She isn’t a man nor of a worthy title like the Captain.” The snide comment from Wanda made Peter bristle. He really hated her. Not dislike or loathe, hate.
Toni loved field trips.
Song Toni Sings-
The woman looked at the old texts and smiled. She remembered that night, it was filled with laughter and screaming at each other. Both of them were crying of laughter throughout all of the movies. It was a truly wonderful time. No matter what it takes, she will get those times back.
“Who are you and state your purpose,” barked Steve in a commanding tone. Now, Toni was fuming.
"I'll always be here, Petey. Always. No matter what. But, "He stroked his thumb to wipe the tears falling on his boyfirend's cheeks, "we can give each other something if the need arise."
“I mean, it was your fault.” Sam snarked.
"We are here," a robotic voice sounded. Toni was pulled out of her thoughts and looked apathetically at the ruined land of Wakanda. Still, it wasn't anything like Titan. At least, there were live people and proud buildings everywhere. Of course, they had dealt with their fair bit of loss, Toni wasn't that petty. Despite that thought, she wondered if any of them had to see their team dust all around them. Specifically,
"I AM GOING TO MURDER YOU PETER!!!" At the same time, Wade and Carnage ran into the living room looking for their friend. They each paused when they say Toni on the couch with a lazy expression.
"I'm doing it for Vision." Bruce.
"I DID IT!!" At three in the morning, Toni slammed her doors open and screamed those words. Her hair was wild and clothes wrinkled. She was covered in oil from all the tinkering she had done. Even though her eyes had dark, dark bags under them, her eyes were wild.
She could hear their concerned voices easily through the thin door. However, she couldn’t muster up the strength to get up and open it. In fact, Toni couldn’t ever speak. Only watch the stupid wall with haunted eyes. After another minute passed, she made herself say, “I’m alright, just I need some alone time.”
“Not yet miss, it is still damaged from your most recent battle.”
The engineer looked all around her. She saw Romanoff, Banner, Thor, a raccoon, and Rogers staring at her. She pulled out of Rhodey's embrace and looked at the crowd.
in her arms. Even though she wasn't with Peter during the attack, being too busy in stopping the attackers, the engineer knew something bad happened. Maybe it was with Wade, for the boy looked deathly ill when Toni saw him. That, and the bombing was
Thank goodness, they made it there safely. Venom sunk back into Eddie. His aunt immediately enveloped him in a warm hug, whispering comforting words to him. She was crying with relief and hugged him tighter.
"Steve?" Said soldier turned sharply towards the voice. He gasped in horror at the sight. Bucky was turning to dust. Immediately, Steve ran towards his best friend. This wasn't happening. This
No Ned, no MJ, no Happy, nothing. Aunt May had passed away a couple years ago, so she wasn’t here either. So, yeah, Peter was all alone.
The boy quickly returned and gave a monster of a bowl to Wade. “Jarvis! Turn on the heater and mist!”
A shot of web fluid came from it and it pinned the man to the wall by his left hand. “Stay away from my mother.”
“Wait, I thought all of them weren’t working?”
"Drew something!" He flung a piece of paper towards her. Too excited to say anything accept those two words.
"A lot, big guy, a lot." A gloved hand patted his shoulder and he looked to see Steve looking at him with pain in his eyes.
Venom said casually, like it was the simplest thing in the world. Both women sputtered.
“AND HE DOESN’T NEED TO.” Toni screamed at him. God, she already hated him. His self riotousness was going to send her into a riot. “Just go to your individual floors. Jarvis will help you.”
“Will you be performing it?”
Wade fell silent. Maybe it was for the best that he died. It would be better for everyone. And maybe the ever-present-migraine he had would finally ebb. He's had it for as long as he could remember. It wasn't from The Boxes either.
Nothing bad will happen. No chance of a radioactive spider biting someone or the birth of a mercenary. Nope. Not at all.
"I love that idea. You know," Peter leaned back in, "I care about you too much. I've never loved someone as much as I love you. Of course, I love Ma but that's a different kind of love.
Being betrayed so heavily has side effects, you know.
”Oh. Well, I really need to improve the batteries on my suits.”
"Y-yes, love?" The journalist was sitting down at their table, staring at her bowl of Coco Puffs. Her dirty blonde hair was pulled into a messy bun and she was wearing her over-sized Venom shirt (they had become a Hot Topic sensation) with a worn pair of shorts. It was her most comfortable clothes. The second she woke up, her heart was beating heavily in her chest. Eddie couldn't bring herself to wear proper clothes at all, her anxiety wouldn't allow it. She didn't even startle at the tendril touching her face. Instead, the woman leaning into the comforting touch of her Other.
, she though to herself. In the corner of her eyes, she could see Peter and Wade stiffen noticeably. There was a look that screamed death on the spiderling’s face. It didn’t get any better when she looked at Eddie and Venom. The pair were giving death glares at the upper ceiling, imagining where the archer was. Venom was snarling and Eddie’s eyes were dark with anger.
“Now, please let me hear your gorgeous screams, my dear.”
“Yeah. One day, I’m training with him and the next, he was missing. Clint took a quinjet as well. He’s been completely under the radar for months. I’ve had no leads on finding his location.”
“Yes, ma’m. The ambulance are a few minutes away.”
“Pleasure, Capsicle.”
"Oh hijo. Perdóname. Lo siento mucho. Va a estar bien. Lo prometo. Dios, soy tan mala madre. Te amo demasiado. Mi bebé. Mi rayo de sol. Mi pequeña araña." Tears began to fall from the engineer's face as well. She rocked herself back and forth with Peter still in her arms. Quite cries and sniffles sounded from the small boy. He looked so, so
Pain filled Rhodey's heart to see the absence of Peter Parker, the boy that Toni had grown to love. Multiple times, she had told him how worried or proud she was of the teen. In secret, she had heard every single one of Peter's voicemails and messages. She would call Rhodey late at night from her nightmares about Peter getting killed. Each nightmare made her build more and more protocols and tools into his suit. It was evident that she loved the by and basically considered him her son that she never had. At times, Peter would accidentally call her 'Mom' which always resulted in Toni buying Peter whatever he wanted and more. Rhodey knew that Toni spoiled Peter and treated him like how she wished her parents had treated her all those years ago. No matter how many things he got, Peter never acted spoiled and tried his best to return the favor every time. He would give her cards, small presents, and even some churros. Little did he know that she treasured them more than life. Of course, she knew Peter was spending his limited money in trying to repay her, so Toni would give him salary of a world renown doctor instead of a 'secretary'. Their bond was strong and it was evident how much they cared for each other. For example, Peter got the flu and Toni immediately came and took care of him with Aunt May, only for her to get the same treatment in return when she got the same sickness.
This was going to be fun. So very fun. The doctor took out a very, very large syringe. Weapon X. His best invention yet. Without any hesitation, he injected the substance into the boy.
"Wade! How do you know those words?!" She tried to sound stern, but she couldn't hide the amusement in her voice. The kid was right, Linda was a complete and utter bitch.
”Why. Why would you to something so contemptible to Antonia.” It was a statement, not a question. Along with that, Thor had used the engineer’s full name. It only showed his anger further.
"Yah betcha sweets. They're radioactive or something. We're gonna get to see them, but of course not touch them. Which sucks, but what're you gonna do." Wade had taken out his ponytail a while ago and was endlessly ruffling his messy hair. And he did it for the millionth time. But this one had a roughness that Peter could recognize. It was like he was trying to restrain himself. There were many times that Peter had to stop Wade from hurting himself and others, the older boy had violent tendencies that were extremely hard to control. Wade had killed some animals before. Squirrels, possums, rats, mice, and....lizards. That must be why Wade felt so uncomfortable. Peter smiled at him and took his hand.
With that, the woman stormed out of the room to go into her own. Everyone looked at Steve to see what he had to say. He said nothing, so neither did they.
She had notified Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, and Eddie about what happened weeks before. They visited Wade as much as they could. Peter had been taken out of school for the next month. The boy was a wreck already and school made it worse.
“I am so glad your father sold you to us. We’ve never had a child in our program. So much potential.” The man used his held scrapple and cut a deep gash into his wrists. Roughly, he peeled off as much skin as possible and ripped the wound as open as he could.
With Toni.
Soon enough, Wade began vomiting into the bowl. Again, it was his blood. It took everything Toni had to not scream or cry. Next to her, Peter was trying to comfort Wade by rubbing his back and talking to him. Wade’s eyes grew red and puffy and the tips of his fingers and toes looked purple. The mist had made it a tad bit easier to breathe. Still, he could feel himself drifting in and out of consciousness.
Thanks again for reading and be sure to leave a comment below :D
“The Avengers have been over for a while. That’s for sure. Lots of lies and betrayals have occurred. Oh well.” Of looks could kill, Team Captain America would be dead by now. Rhodey’s voice was harsh and condescending, wanting to make these next few moments the most uncomfortable and shameful.
"Mmm. Wut time issit?" Her son slurred. Peter rubbed his eyes and gasped when he realized where he was. He immediately woke up and slipped off of Toni's lap, sitting next to Wade. "How long was it out?" The seven-year-old pouted.
Now she really did get a new hair cut. It was a strange type of undercut, but it fit.
"How disgusting.” There was no ounce of affection that Thor usually used when talking to teammates. Both Natasha and Steve flinched. While Natasha’s face had tears streaming down it, Steve’s had created a stoney facade. This only angered the god further.
Peter began to whine again and started to cry, startling Toni. Eddie raised her eyebrow.
“It is my pleasure.”
See yah next time <3
Nothing mattered to her anymore. After years of containing her emotions, she burst.
"I am Groot." was heard in the distance, accompanied by Rocket's mourning.
Her heart ached to have those times again. What she would do to have Peter in her arms again. If he were here right now, she would hum to him and run her fingers through his soft curls while he rambled on about their mission. She would get to look into those doe eyes, filled with curiosity and innocence. Then he would fall asleep in her lap and she would get to press kisses over his face. He always got too embarrassed when she did it to him when he was awake. As she gave his baby face soft kisses, Toni would get to see how Peter smiled and sighed contently in his sleep. But she couldn’t do that now.
He didn't even feel the bite it left.
“YOU WILL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE!” He escaped from her grasp and reached into his pocket, taking out a white pill. “HAIL HYDRA-“
Before they can begin working as a team again, a healthy talk is in order. A very HEALTHY talk...
It felt so
"For the Guardians and Gamora." Nebula.
“We will begin testing in a few days. For now, do whatever you want. I highly suggest you train yourselves.” It felt good to be in the tower again. A collection of nods followed Toni’s words. She had thanked Shuri, Okoye, and the rest of Wakanda for their aid. The princess smiled at her and bid her farewell.
"No! Shut the fuck up. Do you know what it's like to lose someone you love? Do you know what it's like to have them beg for you to help them so they won't die? You're holding them in your arms as they turn to dust against their own will. They're crying and grasping onto you for dear life, but it is useless. They die with fear and guilt in their heart. Do you know  what it's like to practically lose your own child?! Do you know what it's like to want to off yourself at every given moment because you know that you're a worthless piece of shit? Do you?" Toni gasped for breath between her sobs. Steve remained silent, too shocked to react. "That's what I thought."
Steve
“Jarvis, is my suit ready?”
This wasn't ever supposed to happen. It should have been impossible for Eddie to disappear. Through thick or thin, they were together. Hell, Eddie even wanted to settle, down and have a family. With them of all people. Even Toni was surprised, but the woman, without hesitation, bought them an apartment in New York that she paid off. She absolutely refused to let Eddie pay the ungodly expensive rents. After hours of begging, Toni agreed to let Eddie pay for SOME of the bills herself. The billionaire knew that everyone was giving Eddie Brock a bunch of shit for something that happened years ago, causing her to constantly work odd jobs to barely make ends meet. Now, every company was offering her jobs after Toni Fucking Stark announced that 'Evelynn Brock is an example of strong ass woman. Any employer would be more than lucky to have her. She works her ass off every day and is one of the sweetest people I have ever met. Hell, she's basically my sister.
The meeting had gone well like it usually does. Boring too.
"I got you."
With that he left. Pete wouldn’t let anyone else be hurt or taken from him.
"Oh man." There went Quill. God, it hurt so badly.
Toni. Peter. Eddie. Venom. Carnage. He missed them. Wade didn't want to be here anymore. Why can't he just go home? They were going to torture him forever! He wanted his mother, he wanted his best friend, and he really wanted his aunts. "I w-want t-t-t-t-to go-o-o-o home!"
”Somebody peed my pants. I don’t know if it was baby me or old me.” Scott paused. “Or me me.”
It took a bit to hear their footsteps, signaling that they had left. Finally. All the engineer could do was sigh heavily. Looking around her room, her eyes locked on a Stark Phone. Realization dawned on her that Rhodey has left it there for her. Without realizing, she stumbled toward the phone on the table near the door and went back to her bed.
“H-hello? Anyone? Ned? MJ? Mom?!” Peter yelled into the empty abyss. Then, it was bright. So very bright.
"Like the Hydra attack on Oscorp that killed the Parker family? That reminds my, how is Peter?" Fury's smug expression made Toni's blood boil. How did this asshole know about her son. She had been as secretive as she could. Fuck.
Straining her amplified hearing with her suit as much as she could, Toni heard muffled yells and cries. Bingo.
"Y-Y-Yellow, stop! I c-c-can't"
"Toni, what happened?" Toni froze and looked coldly at Steve. He was across from Thor and looked at her desperately. She refused to speak to him. Frustrated and emotional, he spoke before he could think. "I'm sorry for anything that you've gone through. You didn't deserve it."
"Bye losers!"
“Alright, you heard the man. Stroke those keys, Jolly Green.” As Toni said that, she winked at Bruce. He rolled his eyes.
"Thank you, honey bear." Her voice was broken and hoarse, yet she looked stronger than ever.
