"Or at least, not looking like a fucking troll," A deep voice chuckles as Mr Watson comes into the living room, a large man with a several days old stubble. He shakes Sherlock's hand in a tight grip, judging by the slight wince on Sherlock's face. "Sherlock Holmes."
"I haven't told them. I just sort of hoped that you would blend into the background long enough to get them tipsy and therefore slightly more sociable. Then you'll blend back in when they have more to drink and have lowered inhibitions."
With one last check at the notebook, she smiled at him. "Very. Well, I am very pleased to have met you, John Watson. Expect this interview in tomorrow's issue of the Daily Prophet."
Just been out, like I said earlier. It was - well, I’m sure it’s your personal idea of hell; crowded clubs full of drunk students and loud music that isn’t Chopin. Even now, I still don’t know if
Sherlock attempted to glare at him, but then his lips quivered and he exploded into a fit of giggles. John's lips twitched. "I'm sorry, I'm really not getting the hang of this 'taking it seriously' thing."
There was a moment of silence, as John took in what Sherlock said, his heart beating hopefully in his chest. “And that’s a good thing, right? You like puzzles.”
John chews on his lower lip as he stares at the fireplace, because it gives him something to look at besides the soft, sincere look on Sherlock's face. "I should have said it sooner. I've just been a coward."
"Vell, vhat's ze point of an exchange if the students can not have a glimpse of how ozer schools run?" He gave a cat-like grin as he looked down at Slughorn.
"What's that - " Then suddenly he felt a stabbing sensation in his stomach and he cried out, bent double. Moran stepped back, his face all seriousness and focussed and John saw the source of the silver flash: a small dagger, now coated in his blood. He pulled his hand back from where the pain was and he the blood seeping quickly from his wound in his side. His knees buckled and he was left half lying, half sitting against the hedge, completely weak and helpless.
The sky thunders disapprovingly. “I know, I know,” Sherlock mutters, looking up at it. “The point was to escape being surrounded by dead people, I’m not taking this holiday seriously, have you any idea how much admin is involved in giving a god a holiday, blah blah blah. But consider this, Mycroft: it’s not actually your business what I do with my free time.” The sky cracks with lightning, a reminder of Mycroft’s power and his
They lean back against the wall of a building together, John's stomach sinking in disappointment, when suddenly Sherlock starts giggling. "That was your plan? Pretend I was your foreign boyfriend to get a discount on tickets?"
She dashed back down the stairs, surprisingly quick for her height. Sherlock waited until he heard the front door slam shut, then rushed towards the bathroom door in a flurry of excitement. “Yes! John! We have a case!”
you not five minutes before I got shot, or my telling you that I had you to live for, I’ll tell you now that it’s much more than okay.”
The commentator announced that Janine earned 24 points in total and that the next champion to compete would be John Watson; the audience cheered and applauded threateningly. Again, someone led John to the entrance to the Quidditch field and he entered, his footsteps sinking into the sand until he made his way into the centre. The March wind but through his uniform, so he held his arms against his chest for warmth, an act of protection against his rising anxiety as well as the bitter cold. Then he saw it.
John smiled. "I mean it. You're incredibly attractive. Like, it's almost abnormal. I've never seen anyone like you."
“Script? Pah!” Mark gave a short burst of laughter, like a gunshot. “I’m a professional actor. I don’t need to look at my script.”
“You can take my bed, if you wish. It would save you the effort of getting up in the night, at least. I can stay on the sofa - “
At some point there was someone by his side - a man in a St Mungo's uniform, despite John knowing that he was still in the castle - kneeling beside the bed with a warm hand on his shoulder. John vaguely heard words like "with me" and "one, two, three" as he slowly inhaled and exhaled. John copied. Inhaled. Exhaled. After a few minutes, John's breathing rate had slowed, but his heart was still hammering in his chest and when he rubbed at his face he found it to be wet with tears. Or sweat. John turned to the nurse. He was young, with a kindly face shaped into calm concern, as with all medical professionals.
"It's okay." Mary smiled sadly. "You didn't know. And I need to get these things off my chest now and then. Besides, it all worked out in the end. My aunt took me in, we moved to France, I studied my magic at Beuxbatons. It's all fine."
The rest regarding your personality is just an honest conclusion based on your letters and the fact I find you tolerable. I was amused by your comment on physics. Your intelligence, kindness despite my cynical and standoffish attitude, good sense of humour, all made me believe that at least someone liked you enough to want to go out with you. Girlfriend seemed more likely than boyfriend, but your comment about not minding my gender made me assume that you at least have bisexual tendencies and therefore you could have had a boyfriend at some point. Which you haven't apparently. Still, I didn't want to rule out the possibility.
They walked for what seemed like miles, John half-leading, half-carrying Sherlock as he mumbled on about nothing in particular, switching from Victor's issues with his father to the history of fire whiskey in the UK. John listened without complaint. Then they approached the stairwell.
John jumped slightly at the sound of someone knocking at the door, interrupting his train of thought. He called at them to come in, and he was (somewhat) relieved to find it was Sherlock, dressed in his dressrobes. As predicted, he looked good. Very good. His height seemed emphasised by the long, cloak-like over-coat or whatever wizards called the different parts of the dressrobes and his waiscoat and shirt clung distressingly to Sherlock's chest. John tore his eyes away and looked Sherlock in the eye, giving him a small, friendly smile, to find that Sherlock's usually unruly curls were combed and smoothed down into smooth, tight waves, which John could probably run his fingers through. If he wanted to, that is.
Before Sherlock could finish that trail of thought, he heard Mycroft say his name behind him. He was standing behind him and Sherlock turned around to see that his face was contorted into something resembling worry.
"Didn't he?" Lestrade asked. "He's a nice guy, and all, but someone must have had reason to hurt him."
John blushes and does his best to not let himself get distracted by the high praise, so bluntly phrased that it's clearly sincere. "Well, there are certain... needs I can't fulfil," he says delicately.
. Yet again.) and warily watches the lines of the monitor rise and fall with his heart rate. He hates her as he dresses Sherlock's wound, covers the angry bullet wound with clean bandages and resists the urge to kiss it and apologise profusely
Lestrade grits his teeth with a sigh, replies "you can have two," and obeys Sherlock's request and leaves.
“Ah, another one of those spies then? Darling, I’ve told you to tell your brother to stop.” This Victor's voice was just as posh, with perfect intonation to match Sherlock's.
The first thing he was aware of was how dry and sore his throat was, like he had been force-fed sand the ntire time he had been unconscious, which was understandable seeing as he hadn't drunk or spoken in nearly a week.
"He isn't a 'random bloke off the street', Lestrade. He's an army doctor. Medically trained." Sherlock adds this with a hint of pride, making John smile at the floor. Technically, he's an ex-army doctor, but John wasn't about to correct him and get kicked off the crime scene any time soon.
"Like the door to Ravenclaw common room." John said. "I've never been able to answer those, though. Any advice?"
John holds her as Mary sleeps, his finger clasped in the baby's tiny hand. Vaguely, in the back of his head, he recalls the information about newborns he learned in medical school, about how Baby Watson is very much average sized, but he still can’t help but wonder at just how small she is and just how big the world is compared to her. It’s his responsibility to protect her from it, and it’s a responsibility he will take with joy.
“He did go to prison,” Sherlock said drily, which John snickered at slightly, still staring in amazement at Sherlock. “Just got out then?”
John leaned back, trying to process everything that had happened in the last two minutes. He sat back up to face Sherlock, grinning stupidly. "I feel so stupid."
"It's fine, John. We'll cover it in the morning when Mycroft's men miss the obvious details." As he spat out those words, he slammed his bedroom door, with John stood in front of it. He knocked quietly.
He smiles. “Of course. I did say -  “ he cuts himself off with a coughing fit that has Sherlock jumping out of his chair to fetch a glass and jug of water from the bedside table. John holds back the urge to gulp down the entire thing in one go; slow sips, softly, gently. “I did say I would be, remember?”
Sherlock doesn’t mean to count them. It’s defeatist, and pathetic, and definitely to be kept hidden from John at all costs. And yet, every morning when he sees John in the kitchen, boiling the kettle, in his dressing gown, yawning and glowing with contentment, or weary from a nightmare but determined to see the day through, the number pops into his head: day eleven as flatmates, twelve, thirteen, fourteen…
John hums, stays silent for a moment, before finally deciding, “it’s melancholy, I’d say. Dull and drains your energy, a little. But certainly something I’m used to at this point.” John gives a rueful smile. “Thousands of years in thousands of hospitals and thousands of wars. I’m no stranger to death.”
Seven years after their first meeting, John experiences being Sherlock's flatmate, and a case goes wrong, though not irreversibly so.
“Nope. The audience was so focused on the cock-ups they couldn’t care less about the semantic field of water running throughout the play, or the subtext on discrimination against immigrants, or even the twist at the end that the main character’s best friend was actually a ghost all along.”
He’s been looking forward to one for days, of course, both him and Sherlock itching for their adrenaline fix, growing irritable and claustrophobic in the flat. When Greg rang with an unsolvable bank robbery, they immediately accepted. They didn’t care that any other day, it would barely be worth a Six - ‘impossible’ bank robberies were well below Sherlock’s repertoire.
“Yeah. I can explain how to pronounce things or what lines mean, we can go through our scenes together by ourselves, without the pressure of other people.” She shrugs. “Up to you.”
"You did lots. More than you know, really," John replies sincerely, and then when he feels the air becoming sombre, his feelings sitting in his chest and ready to burst out, he chuckles and adds, "At least now I'm no longer limping everywhere you can experiment on what an absence of caffeine and sleep does to my physical abilities."
Mrs Holmes comes out into the hall to greet them, and she beams widely at John. "Hello. John, isn't it? It's I've heard so much about you!" She then wraps her arms around John in a tight hug, which was specifically against the list he gave her -
"He's basically left you to go look for Sherlock. I mean, maybe that's just me over-thinking things, but - " Before Janine could finish her sentence, her eyes widened and she shrieked, lifting her feet off the floor. "Mary, there's a spider," she said quietly. "Get rid of it."
When John shuts the door, he walks and walks, Sherlock only just managing to keep up with his speed due to his long legs. "John! John, wait!" He stops as soon as he leaves the building and fresh air and the orange sunset hits his flushed face, then leans back against the building's walls as he tries to process the strange cocktail of anger and humiliation and sadness and...relief. Like a weight has been taken off his shoulders now that his secret is out in the open, and apparently, his parents' opinions. He eventually turns back to Sherlock.
"Nothing much. Read this and a bunch of other books about future careers - Mother's doing. There was a serial killer making his way around Sussex, but the police refused to let me help. Idiots."
The next thing he knew he was flat on his back, the wind knocked from his lungs with the force of it. He was pinned to the mattress by John’s firm grip on his wrist, almost enough to hurt, and his knees straddling his hips. He was looking down at him with a cold and fierce gaze, the kind of look that said ‘I could hurt you, if I felt I needed to.’ To a casual observer, it was impossible to tell that he was asleep a minute ago.
He runs. His lungs burn and his head throbs and his feet sting on the cold gravel, but he runs. He has no direction planned, except to safety, away from the men shooting at him. He finds his way outside, to a cluster of trees several hundred yards away from the compound (could be a forest. Can’t tell. Can’t think.)
John blushes and smiles to himself. He hears a toilet flushing and so quickly skims the rest of the page before the man - Sherlock Holmes? - can come back.
Later that day, John and Sherlock had potions together, fortunately with no Beuxbatons in sight - Mary, Janine or otherwise. Sherlock was watching John as he cut into a styra berry, a slither of tongue sticking out of his mouth in concentration as each berry was cut exactly in half then added to the steaming pink potion next to them.
“People have tried to kill me hundreds of times before. I just want you home. As soon as possible. When you’ve healed,” he adds quickly. John grins.
"Speaking of which, why is there a new nurse?" John around at the two faces. "He said that Madam Pomfrey had - retired? That doesn't seem like her. She loves her job."
“Well, what would you have us talk about instead?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Politics? The weather?”
He is completely rapt, watching the dancer's movements with keen, eager eyes and his lips parted. His finger taps out the rhythm of the tunes on his knee and his breath hitches at parts which look particularly difficult to pull off - leaps and lifts and the other things John doesn't know the technical terms for. In the faint light from the staging that shines on his dark curls and highlights his cheekbones, Sherlock looks like he is glowing.
Sherlock dug his finger into the envelope and made a small tear, before pausing and looking up to remind Mycroft, "if I read this, it doesn't count as 'getting involved'."
John doesn’t really know how to respond to that, still half asleep and in a state of numb shock, so instead he just says, “want some tea?”
Anyway, the point is I want you to visit my family before we both end up in a different country. Possibly my friends too but we’ll see. Depends how long you’d want to stay for.
When they come home several hours later, when the sky has turned dark, the blow-up mattress has been moved from John's room to the living room, clearly a compromise on Mr Watson's half instead of kicking Sherlock directly out of the flat. John's stomach sinks at the sight of it, the clear symbolism of it, before going into his bedroom to pass Sherlock's things to him and get into pyjamas.
"I love you more," Sherlock says without hesitation, firm even with the way he's shaking, his cheeks wet, eyes focused on the wound with revulsion and distress. Oh, John thinks, like a dull light bulb flickering in the back of his mind. Normally he'd expect to be panicking or overjoyed at this point, but all he can feel is a catharsis. He'd expect it to be a symptom of death if he wasn't so stubborn, determined to get through this stupid bullet wound so he can kiss Sherlock again, so they can talk, so he can come home.
There, now I have all that sentimental drivel out of my system, I'd appreciate it if you never mention it again.
"Ah, you're both awake," a familiar sarcastic female voice said, "have a good nap, sleeping beauties?"
“I know about your gambling addiction, and that your wife is pregnant with another man’s child. That you can’t afford to pay your rent and electric anymore, and you’re now relying on your sister’s generosity to get by.”
Sherlock huffed indignantly at the nickname, even if there was some truth to it. Spending time with John seemed to be something that would go on forever. Now that it was ending, he couldn't shake off the feeling of impending doom, the one which had twisted his stomach when John first called to say he would be living in the arse end of Scotland (in Sherlock's opinion) for the next five years while studying medicine. “You say that now, but just you wait. We’ll have coursework, essays, practical exams to prepare for. You'll be worried about train journey budgets. I just hate the idea of going to somewhere as cold and miserable as Scotland regularly abysmal. And then we grow apart and what are we left with? Short letters once a month out of courtesy to the other to let them know they're alive."
They cross back over the road and separate themselves. Adrenaline pumps through John's veins as his stomach flutters both nervously and excitedly. His breath hitches in his throat fearfully at the thought of being caught, but at the same time he can't remember ever doing anything so exciting. He leans back against the wall and watches Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. Delicately, smoothly, Sherlock's long fingers reach into the pocket of a nearby woman's coat, then places it into the pocket of a passerby. Sherlock nods at John, who yells out, "Stop! Thief!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and, muttering some excuse, left the table. There's only so much socialising he could do in one day, and frankly, that plus all the lessons he'd have that day, was enough.
“You didn’t fail me,” John murmured gently. “You could never fail me. Even if Moriarty is back, it’s not your responsibility to take care of me and my family.”
"Don't." John shook his head. "I'd rather neither of us. And the best way we can do that is by sticking together. Besides," John continued, "if, hypothetically, we were to break up and never talk again, can you honestly guarantee my safety now that Moriarty knows who I am and my ex-girlfriend is working for him?"
Joseph looks between the two, then lets out a breath in understanding. “Ah. Right. Okay. Thank you, Mr Holmes. Mr Watson.” He quickly scarpers from the flat, the bang of the door shutting sparking John’s kindling anger into a flame.
Sherlock shrugged. “Understandable. My brother tends to buy unnecessary things too. Umbrellas. Three-piece suits that all look the same.” Sherlock pulled a face in disdain. “The difference is he isn’t a struggling playwright and can actually afford all those things.”
If you could write back soon confirming my deductions that would be appreciated. I would also like it if you told me more about yourself as well. Writing to you does provide a decent distraction from boredom.
"I'm very good. I simply dislike working in ensembles and orchestras. There's always an idiot who can't pay attention and holds everyone up. Frankly, that's normally a trumpet player."
"It's fine. Your friend is a doctor too, isn't he? He'll use the necessary amount of protection. At least I'd hope so. Otherwise, I'd be very concerned about the state of the NHS."
One month, he thought to himself as he limped home, freezing and hurting and vacant of that usual post-case high. One month until John comes home.
They reached the end of the line and asked for their tickets, booked under the name of Holmes. In return, they only got given one.
Other than that, above average intelligence seems a pretty accurate description to say the least. I don't know how you worked all that out and honestly I'm curious to know how. That was amazing. I can't imagine what your more intelligent older brother must be  like or what he would be able to see about me.
The weekend after the 15th sounds perfect. How about Saturday the 18th? I have planned to go to a party on the evening exams finish. And no it's not dull. It'll be fun celebrating with everyone. Besides, there will definitely be alcohol and that's always entertaining. Especially when I'm usually the only sober one there. Do you have plans for afterwards? I'm guessing you probably don't, seeing as you dismissed the idea so quickly. I hope you have someone other than your parents and your brother to celebrate with. If not, you'll celebrate with me the following weekend. What do you want to do? I mean, seeing as I'm the local in London I should probably know what there is to do, but I'd like your input, so I don't accidentally take you to something you'd hate, like a ballet performance or something. Not that I could afford the tickets anyway.
Anthony piled up five or so cards onto the small desk of drawers beside the hospital bed. "Shout if you need anything," he said, "lunch is soon if you're feeling up to it."
Sherlock breathed out shakily, and the magic binding his hands together was released. He kept his eyes trained on the floor.
John trailed off and the rest of the students fell silent as a woman, who John assumed was the headmistress of Beuxbatons, walked towards Mcgonagall. Everyone fell into the same state of awe as they realised just how tall the headmistress of Beuxbatons was.
Ten million pounds. That's the value of his life now, Sherlock realises with a sickening flip of his stomach. Ten million pounds, an easy escape from suburban domesticity, and John and Rosie all to herself, in exchange for Sherlock's life. And this was the value that John rejected. Despite all reasoning, he chose Sherlock and, as always, ended up paying the price for it.
“My sister. The critics - well, she’s upset about what they said. I have to - she’ll need me with her.” It wasn’t technically a lie. Harry would want John there. Just because he wasn’t technically going to be with her in that moment, it didn’t mean it wasn’t true.
Brilliant deductions as usual. (Also: hilarious height joke. Never heard that one before...) All correct, of course, so I don't think there's anything to correct. Except when you called it 'dull.' Breaking my collar bone is the most interesting thing that has happened to me in months. Slightly annoying and inconvenient, though. And of course there's only so much sympathy and  attention and free chocolates one can deal with...
Sherlock gritted his teeth and shook his head. "I came up on the stand, and I told them everything I knew. Some believed me. But most of them...they just kept asking me questions. Some even laughed when I said that Moriarty was involved in both the muggle and wizarding worlds. One man asked," Sherlock lowered his voice into a nasal imitation "'how do we know you didn't kill your brother? My son Phillip tells me there was a rivalry between the two of you.'"
"Clearly. Well, you're crying because those tears - if you were crying - have stress hormones in them and are releasing them. They're not a good thing to keep inside you."
"I...suppose that I would make sure more people were present looking out for disturbances, never mind Mycroft's insistence it would scare off the assassin before we could arrest them."
"You and me both.” John shook the thought out of his head. Back to flirting. “So, what was that about company?"
"Okay, sure." They sat in silence for a while and Sherlock relished in it as he read, until - "So how long have you been in love with him?"
Sherlock nodded. "But other than Mar- Alissia and Moran, I have no leads. They could be anywhere." Sherlock' chest felt heavy as he said this, his voice cracking, the frustration and despair building up and overflowing. "I don't know what to do."
Almost instantly, a large, aggressive looking man comes out of the alley. "Which way?" He asks John, and John points in the direction of the passerby. "Him in the trench coat." The man runs past John and pursues the man, who has now broken out into a sprint after discovering he was being chased. John dives discreetly into the alley and waits for Sherlock.
At that point, John got caught up in conversation with Mike Stamford, so the conversation stopped there. Sherlock frowned into his plate, then took another bite, hoping slightly that John would see.
He falls asleep at two in the morning in the makeshift bed made out of the couch, an old blanket and a spare pillow. John passes him when he wakes up at six - more the result of the routine left over from the army than any night terrors -  and observes how soft, how calm, how human Sherlock is when he is asleep. He shakes himself out of his ruminations when they start to approach dangerous territory.
The Champions and their partners were lined up one behind the other at the entrance to The Great Hall. Janine was with another Beuxbatons boy, with linked arms and flirting in hushed French (though John was pretty sure Janine had a boyfriend back in France). Moran was with a tall, blonde girl from Durmstrang, and they weren't talking at all. If it weren't for the fact that Moran's hand was almost clinically held on the small of her back, he doubted that they knew each other at all. John could just about hear the sounds of flutes and stringed instruments tuning up behind the door, and the buzzing of hundreds of excited voices inside. His heart sped up rapidly.
"Look at it this way," Janine said, "There are two best-case scenarios: one is that you and Victor take a liking to each other - "
John looked up, stunned. He saw Sherlock look down at the table, biting his lip, and he softened. "Did the great Sherlock Holmes just say please?" He joked.
As if on cue, knowing that people are talking about her, she wakes up with a sob that soon grows from quiet mewling to wailing, making Sherlock’s eyes widen with panic. “She’s crying. Did I do something wrong?”
They talk between themselves the entire rehearsal, despite Harry and Irene’s best intentions to stop them. John is, adorably, slightly fearful of Irene’s temper, so much so that for a few minutes he does stay silent to listen to whichever brainless minor character was saying their lines in that particular moment. But Sherlock is nothing if not a corruptive influence, and they soon start chatting again. He stares defiantly back at Irene whenever she interrupts them - is this not why she casted them as these roles? So they could finally meet and start talking? Besides, he can tell she’s never truly angry at them when they talk over the other characters; her temper is a fearsome thing to behold, and easily spotted from a mile away.
“We’ll see. I mean, you’ll be going through physio soon, so people can assess if you’re fit enough to get back to duty. But - “
Now all there is to do is find the main office, destroy the mainframe of the computer, take out every single person in the building, and make an escape. Where to? A hospital would be ideal, but not good for remaining hidden from pursuing enemies. Is there a safe house nearby? Not for miles. Hotel? Would ask questions about his injuries and probably wouldn’t have the medical resources he needs to recover.
Potions was definitely Sherlock's favourite subject. For one thing, it was the wizarding equivalent to chemistry, which Sherlock had always excelled at. Also, potions had almost always been shared between gryffindor. Potions was a lot better with John working with him because unlike most, John wasn't an idiot. He was also funny. And had a good singing voice, the few times he heard little hums and muttering of lyrics from songs he'd never heard of.
“Fine, I’m not. But movie-choosing rights go to whoever can name more than two films that isn’t a documentary.”
"Now, when I call your name," Flitwick called out in a voice louder than most people expected, "Step up and sit down on the stool, and you will be sorted into your various houses. Afterwards sit down at the respective house's table."
Sherlock spends their eleventh meeting sighing and complaining as John forces film after film on him. Eventually, he sits in complacent silence and watches, even with some interest, though he would never admit that.
“Today,” Harry’s loud voice cuts over his increasingly ridiculous and paranoid thoughts, “we’re going to officially announce the casting and try a read through. Now, I know most productions would do an audition process to find the most suitable candidate for each part, but since we are short on both time and talent, we’ve given the parts out pretty much randomly to most of you.” No one seems to be that bothered by the suggestion that they lack talent, knowing it to be true, so she continues, “anyway, please take a chair from the back of the room and gather around in a circle so we can begin.”
"Yes." She said. "Yes. I think that will do very well for the photo. I suppose the girl could have done with a little more concealer but it will have to do..."
“And you forget that I know these criminals. I knew it would be better to wait and I was right. Some soldier you must have been, if you can’t even follow instructions properly,” Sherlock sneers. John responds with a withering glare.
“Wow. Keep that acting up and we’ll have you to cast you as a major character.” Harry grins as she approaches, a script in hand. Her cheeks are flushed happily, grinning with excitement.
"John, Beuxbatons has just arrived in a bright blue carriage, which would defy the laws of physics in order to carry all their visiting students, drawn by flying horses. This is a big ship which can go underwater, so basically a submarine. Durmstrangs aren't the show offs here."
John sat up slightly, wincing as he did so, and saw a pile of chocolate frogs, every-flavoured beans, pumpkin pasties, and cards with get well soon notes. He smiled. "That's nice of people."
"Depending on whether the person intended to actually kill John or not," Sherlock muttered. Mycroft's eyebrows creased into a frown.
"I don't know," Sherlock replied. "I don't know the motive. Who would want to hurt John? He had no enemies."
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock, what are you trying to say?" John's voice cracked nervously. "Are you breaking up with me?"
“Don’t worry, Mrs H, I can cook,” John offers. “Just give me five minutes and I’ll be able to get up.”
"Do you, Mar - Alissia, sorry - promise to complete all of James Moriarty's tasks, no matter what they may be?" Moran said.
“Really? Because sending a text that says ‘SKYPE CALL NOW URGENT’ in block capitals kind of sends the wrong impression.”
"Oh, that's it. - " Sherlock turned over and pushed John onto his back, causing him to yell out in surprise. Sherlock straddled his waist and grabbed his wrists, pinning them to the pillow, either side of his head, while John was still cackling all the while. "Now. Are you going to shut up with those damn blog titles?"
"What we're facing, this new threat, begins long before the night of your attack. Do you remember how in the Summer there was a serial killer around Sussex, stabbing all of his victims to death, including a cousin of mine. Though I didn't know this at the time, he was making his way towards me, getting closer and closer geographically, until my second cousin was killed barely 5 miles from my own home - don't apologise, I didn't know her well. You were to be the final victim.
"No, of course not," Sherlock scoffs, as though Lestrade's suggestion is the most ridiculous thing he'd ever heard. "Look at the missing finger; it's a clean cut, one that requires delicacy and steadiness and cold planning. This is not an act of passion or brutality. Besides, it's a serial killer, Lestrade. Victims unconnected."
"Of course. You must be very busy." The guard shook hands with both of them. "I'm a big fan of the blog. Speaking of which, my employer has requested that this case is not publicised."
Harry: Picture this: a closeted bisexual man, separated from his twin sister in a storm, shipwrecked on a strange land, alone and isolated, except for his rescuer, a gorgeous and mysterious and brilliant man who happens to be a pirate
“And as a doctor, do you not think it is your duty to stay here in bed and kiss all my injuries better? The Hippocratic oath, and all that.”
"For those of you who don't know," mcgonagall said over the noise, as it began to die down, "the tri-wizard tournament is a historical tradition which goes back hundreds of years. Every five years, one school - in this case, Hogwarts - is host to two other schools. The schools each have one volunteer, one champion, to compete in a set of three exciting, and sometimes dangerous tasks. The prize for the winner is ten thousand galleons - " almost everyone gasped - " - and the tri-wizard cup."
"Maybe this wasn't the best idea," Sherlock said in a low voice, knowing he could be heard well enough in this confined space, despite how loudly the rain hit again the ground outside.
John revealed later that one of his main passions in life was quidditch. "If I was to win the ten thousand galleon prize," he thought carefully, "I would buy the Firebolt 100. It's the fastest broom in the world and it should help increase Gryffindor's chances on the field."
Sherlock: If I wanted to be in a show, I would have done a performing arts degree. Seeing as I don’t have 2 brain cells and 1(one) GCSE, I did not
With that, the door opens and Harry stands there, her headphones around her neck. "I heard voices," she said.
"In terms of Moriarty, I could find no files on him. There were no birth certificates, no school or hospital records, no family links, no criminal records. The only evidence for his existence is my word for it."
"But not surprising when you consider that this was the work of a serial killer. We may have to pop round to the morgue to compare this to the other bodies."
"Well, I suppose you should know, Doctor," Sherlock purred, and John couldn't tell if he was more surprised and slightly worried that this stranger knew that about him, or if he was more aroused at the way Sherlock spoke his title, his mouth shaping around the word as though savouring it.
“As kind as that is for Irene to say, I’m afraid my memory technique only extends to things that I find to be worthwhile.”
"He had his family with him," Sherlock whispered, his teeth clenched, and John's stomach twisted at the anger in his voice. "Children. What kind of half-witted, idiotic - "
Sherlock simply nods, and they make their way through the couples, Sherlock following close behind him. The cool air is a relief once they are outside, standing in the dark with their backs to the wall, the music gently thumping behind the walls.
Inhaling, he stood up from his stool - telling John absentmindedly to keep an eye on the potion - and made his way over to the boy sitting on the other end of the room. The boy was leaning casually against the wall, talking to his friend in rapid Spanish. Sherlock stood awkwardly in front of him, his lungs compressing in his chest. He cleared his throat - partially to make sure his voice didn't waver or show any signs of nervousness, because he knew that if Janine's stupid idea had even the slightest chance of success, he'd need to cooperate - and the boy turned to look at him. Sherlock had to admit to himself, that Janine's choice was so far not a completely terrible one. He was handsome, with tanned skin and dark, wavy hair and a sharp jawline, and had a playful smirk constantly playing at his lips. Sherlock held his hand out, preparing for a handshake. "Sherlock Holmes." He introduced himself.
“I know, I know. But there are some rather long monologues in there, and there are critics in the audience, so I thought you’d want to be on the safe side - “
Just as he was about to leave, out of the corner of his eye he saw a man freeing himself from the dancing crowd and making his way over to the bar, sighing in relief as he took his seat next to John. He was breathless and flushed, his otherwise-pale skin gleaming in the pink and purple and blue lights with sweat and his dark curls were stuck to his forehead. But he was grinning, pale eyes gleaming as his breathing steadied.
Then, the doors opened and some students - both Beuxbatons and Durmstrangs - came in - led by the Durmstrang head teacher. Professor Slughorn looked up from his desk and stood up to greet them.
"No, it wasn't." John exhales, then forces a smile. "At least that's another thing we can tick off tonight's to do list: my parents seeing you and not going completely insane."
The man smiled, his flushed face becoming pinker, which delighted John no end. "I'm celebrating," he replied, his voice a low rumble with a clear public-school diction. He was clearly out of John's league, something untouchable whose legs, crossed elegantly, went on for miles. "Three months clean."
Sherlock nodded, satisfied, then with shaking hands tore the envelope and took out the letter inside. It was wizard's parchment paper, slightly crumpled, and written in with an old quill. But all that was written were four simple words:
He tried to quell the growing sick-feeling in his stomach (and the growing disturbing concern as he wondered how the clothes got onto his bed) as he tried the clothes on: red trousers, a dark red and black shirt with the Hogwarts badge on the chest and a red and black jacket with "Watson" printed in yellow on the back. He looked in the mirror; surprisingly, it fit (how they knew his size - whoever 'they' were - he didn't want to know). Even more surprisingly, he looked good. After he brushed his hair and nodded at his reflection, he went down the stairs to the Great Hall. As he traveled, he was vaguely aware of some of the pictures on the wall wishing him luck as he passed. He ignored them.
Besides, the idea of a magic diary that can magically transport your writings to a single other matching magic diary is ridiculous. Not to mention the idea that people can tell who is meant to be matched with whom, out of 7 billion options. Yes, I know the imbecilic story they'd teach us in primary school, the one with those stupid lovers who got themselves turned into trees or whatever, but as someone who takes a keen interest in science, I fail to see how it is possible. It defies logic, and I detest things are illogical. At least things that are both tedious and illogical.
He sat and thought for a while, then kissed John's forehead, before leaving the room, headed for the Great Hall.
“No, it’s not because I’m emotional or because I’m rebelling - this is me confessing my love to you, not me piercing my nose, dying my hair purple, and tattooing the gay pride flag on my arse.”
"Green brings out my eyes, you dick! Besides, that was in year 7. Anyway, Sherlock, I don't think there's anything you can say here that we haven't already told each other. Go on, do your worst."
Later that evening, John found himself in a waiting line with Sherlock, in his only decent suit - the brown one he wore normally on dates or on job interviews, on the rare occasion either of the two would occur - with Sherlock using the advantage of his height to keep an eye out for any sign of suspicious activity. A black car pulled up nearby, and two men in suits jumped out, skipped the queue (causing great amounts of tutting and grumbling) then silently took three tickets which were offered to them with a nod, before returning to the car. Sherlock rolled his eyes and murmured, "Honestly, it's like he's demanding to be assassinated."
John's face is pale, care-worn even in sleep, the lines on his face deeper than usual. Sherlock wants to trace them, stroke his forehead and cheeks and lips, smooth away everything that has caused him so much pain. Instead, he settles for his wrist, placing his fingers at his pulse point. It's faint, but it's there, the gentle throb of his blood, thankfully still inside his body, as it should be.
“Love you too.” Harry hung up and John put down his phone, sighing while a plan was already forming in his head. He turned to Sherlock next to him, who was wide awake as he lay facing John, his hair wild and fluffy against the pillow.
"It's hard to get a good look around, with how many there are and how dark it is. I'll keep you posted."
“My sister apparently. She says it inspires her. I think it’s just her splashing out spare cash on unnecessary shit.”
He swallows, gets his breath back and fights the urge to pass out from his raging headache. Behind his back, his fingers twist and struggle against the ropes binding his hands. The knots are by no means amature, but it shouldn’t take long to release them. “Five, seventeen…” he coughs and shudders.
"So, do you have regrets about what might have been?" John asked as he stroked his thumb over Sherlock's bare arm. The other man in question was collapsed on top of John, his nose nuzzled into the crook of John's neck. His breathing had grown steadier now, verging on sleepy.
There was a pause, wherein, instinctively, John held his breath and waited for all to be revealed. Not that he didn't trust Sherlock - it was just that it had been ingrained in his mind for so long that people would spread this secret, use it for their own personal gain that he half expected exactly that to occur. Especially since this was the British government of all people in the room. But Sherlock simply shrugged. "Call it intuition. Also, the family are to stay at the hotel?"
"Turn it into a magic show, then," Amy suggests. "Add a cloak and some jazz hands and everyone's happy."
He allowed his hand to rest on John's shoulder, before it dropped to his side, and he walked off in the direction of the Ravenclaw common room.
For a moment Sherlock doesn’t speak and John is certain that he’s ruined it, that he’s come far too close to a confession to turn back. Then Sherlock steps closer, and in an unfathomable, insane moment of wanting, he is certain that he will kiss him. Instead, he finds himself enveloped in his arms and pressed against him so tightly the air is knocked out of him. “Sherlock?”
“I know. But she - she’s squirming. A little too close to your bullet wound for comfort.” Sherlock watches John with concerned, sharp eyes from his chair, as he lies on the sofa, Rosie lying on his chest and held close in John’s arms. The entire time since John was released from hospital, Sherlock hasn’t concerned himself with anything less than John’s optimal health and comfort, constantly attending to him, even booking a double room at a hotel in Salzburg to give John his own bed to sleep while they waited for John to be well enough travel. Now that they’re home in Baker Street, John had hoped for the coddling to ease up a tiny bit, but apparently that was unlikely to happen any time soon.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, but then smiled when he settled on a conclusion; "You are delightfully ordinary and scandal-free. Openly bisexual. One younger sibling. Working in a hospital, though you're thinking of training to become an army doctor. And since your friend abandoned you for a girl who almost definitely has a mild STI, you are in very much need of some company."
“Not at all.” Molly smiles excitedly, clutching her phone in her hand like a lifeline. “I’ll text you when I’m free.”
Mrs Holmes makes a delighted sound which Sherlock rolls his eyes at. Of course, it would take John a matter of two sentences to win Sherlock's mother over. He's charming. It worked with Sherlock, way back in April. "Oh, thank you! It's nice to know
"No! You're acting like a spoilt brat right now. Both your parents are working. You have a massive fucking house where you can escape to your room and don't have to listen to anyone talking. You have a garden to go out in if you want to. I have a council flat and an unemployed dad and a whiny sister to deal with, and now, apparently, I have you to pile on top of all of that."
He pressed his lips together and shook his head. "I'm sorry, John. He was beyond saving by the time that you found him." With that, he left to visit the other patients.
“You also promised you would try to meet my friends. And maybe interact with my parents at least twice without causing an argument.” John pouts, kneeling in front of Sherlock, his chin resting his hands on Sherlock’s knee. “Please stay. For me?”
He braces himself and knocks on the door. For a moment there’s silence, then Sherlock’s voice comes from within and asks a question in German. “It’s John,” he responds. “Can you let me in?”
“I drew the short straw. It’s what I deserve. Besides, I’m surrounded by billions of souls, what’s so isolated about that?”
"Come on, John, my readers don't pay five knuts per paper to read about medical school. Use your imagination."
I just wanted to say a belated thank you for everyone still reading this. Just so you know, updates will be starting to get slower. I'm not sure I'll get the next update in before December but I'll try.
"We still have to wait until the next round of the tournament?" Alissia asked, failing to hide the impatience in her voice.
"If it's a test on decision making, judges would like you to make the most morally-good ones," Sherlock explained, "If you can do more than what is expected of you, do it. Don't back down. Don't be selfish."
“Oh, no dear, nothing at all. I bring gifts! I have some painkillers, and I’ve been baking gingerbread men…”
Well, now I feel like I have no choice but to try and get you ballet tickets. You haven't really left me much choice - no films or sports, the two most popular options for first meetings. And you love ballet so much I would feel like a terrible person for stopping you from seeing it. (Sorry if I was being presumptuous about you not liking ballet, by the way. It's true it's never been my thing, but on that Saturday you'll be my guest, so I'd be more than happy to see it with you. Although I have to wonder - are you actually fascinated by the lifts and turns from a scientific point of view, or do you just like seeing athletic blokes in tights..?)
John groaned. "Sherlock I don't have time to study. I already have a potions essay, and a transfiguration exam, and - "
John grinned at them between mouthfuls of bacon. "Is Janine prepared?" He nodded at the girl in question.
Hopefully, if I get the time and inspiration, this won't be the end of this universe. I would quite like to write about them in university, or John in Afghanistan, or even some Reichenbach related letters. Maybe even a sort of 'non-fiction' thing about the history of the soulmate journals, because honestly, I think about that too much for my own good.
I’m afraid the description murder, science, and depressing statistics covers most of my personality. However, you said you wanted to know about me, so I’ll indulge you. Sherlock is in fact a boy’s name, I only have one sibling whom I previously mentioned, I don’t want to work for the police but I’m not entirely sure what I will do with my life once my education ends, I play the violin and I have a dog. I’m fairly sure that covers the basics. If for some reason you want to know more feel free to ask questions.
Yes, several, John thinks, but he shakes his head, as amazed at the deductions as the night before and suddenly feeling slightly more awake. "No. No, you got it in one. Just tell me what I need to do."
Don’t worry about getting me a gift. I didn’t expect you to do anything. I barely knew I was getting you one myself before I saw it in the shop window. Besides, it’s rather sentimental. Not really the sort of thing easily reciprocated. I don’t even know if you want it. If you don’t, you can return it back to me. No harm done.
Mrs Hudson ignores his protests and opens the door wider. "Oh, come in, you must be freezing! Don't mind my chatter. Come in, come in." She gently ushers John in as he wearily smiles in greeting at Sherlock, who immediately turned around and rushed up the stairs dismissively. Trying not to feel offended, John follows behind, conscious of the heavy fall of his limp on each step. Sherlock opens the door for him at the top.
"I'm not the one who needs to do some thinking," John mutters. "But fine. Can we take Harry with us?" Tears are falling silently down her face. Between hers and their father's temper, this isn't the safest place to be.
By the way, those idiots sitting in class stressing about their exams because they spent the rest of the year procrastinating and doing sports instead of revising? I am one of those idiots right now. I definitely get what you mean about drowning in revision materials, except you can cope with it by ignoring it. I can't imagine what it must be like to know for a fact you'll do well in everything and not be worried about it. I mean, I think I'll do okay. Hopefully. I haven't done too bad so far in school. But if seeing idiots having breakdowns makes you feel better, I could always send a picture of myself sobbing into a pile of books and papers.
“It will be good for you, Sherlock. Pack lightly won’t you? Oh, and as far as I can see, togas haven’t been around for several generations now.” Mycroft glances down critically at Sherlock’s black robes, draping down to his sandled feet. “I’d recommend not drawing unwanted attention to yourself.” And with that, Mycroft vanished, undoubtedly to feast on some leftovers from old sacrifices.
You were there for the nightmares! You still are. Are those in the past, Mary?" She doesn't respond, but her face betrays... something. Regret, perhaps. Or worry. For the sheer satisfaction of hoping to get a response, of hoping to break the cool mask, he adds with a bitter hiss as he stands up, "besides, these photos, these
Sherlock looked up then in understanding. "So that's why you've brought us back here? So we can solve the case and prevent the killings?"
"Bring your soulmate to do the dishes and I might just help you out. I'm Harry, by the way," she smiles at Sherlock.
"Yes, Dinner. A nice little spot around the corner. Italian. A lot quieter and we can talk to each other without shouting." Sherlock explained in a nervous rush, something which John found too endearing to say no to.
And then suddenly Tuesday came and Sherlock was not prepared. John and Sherlock walked into the hall and sat down at a table. The Hall was quiet and hummed with a low contained excitement. Everyone's attention was focused on the Goblet of Fire and its bright blue flame, which flickered and waved despite the lack of a breeze. This obsessive attention was strengthened when Mcgonagall approached the Goblet.
"It's a stab wound, Sherlock. Of course it bloody did." Lestrade was here now. "The question is, was that the intention?"
John rolls his eyes with a grin, turning back to the coffee machine. “I have a living to earn, you know. Discounts won’t pay for my textbooks. And it’s not like you’re short of money - “
"You're afraid, John Watson." the girl whispered cruelly, circling him slowly. "Of Sherlock. Of your friends. Of your family. Of yourself. You're a coward." It spat out the last word with such ferocity, that something in John just...sparked. "You're nothing but a great big co - "
He has just enough time to savour and preen under the touch before it disappears again, leaving his hair ruffled and a smile he almost doesn’t fight off.
“Yup,” he croaks, looking up from his phone. Joseph’s face immediately turns to pre-emptive panic. “It’s a small world, Joseph. The woman you know as Eliza Fischer is who we recognise to be Mary Morstan. And up until a month ago, she was my wife too.”
"Merlin, really?" Janine said. She sighed. "I probably shouldn't have set them up. Victor isn't exactly the most... loyal person."
"Oh. Oh, yeah. We're friends." John nodded. He felt as though he lost all ability of intellectual speech, now that he knew that that quill was writing down every word and every word will be printed for the wizarding world to see.
Sherlock sighs. "No, I don't." He could have refused. He could have easily insisted on going outside anyway, but John made that face - the one where his eyes go soft and wide and lighten from their normally violet to sky blue, a shade Sherlock can't say no to. So he allowed for them to play a card game - something not entirely dull that requires wit and a quick hand, instead of a brightly-coloured board game that relies only on luck. This game isn't meeting those expectations. He puts down another card on top. "But I'm getting there."
Harry: Anyway, he takes him in, gives him food and shelter, someone to love and hold to fill the incurable void in his soul left by his sister’s apparent death during the shipwreck
,” he repeats with a growl. He draws his hand back to strike him again, a killer blow that would likely cause severe head trauma later on with such a wound, when Sherlock cuts across him -
John came tumbling into the living room of 221b Baker Street through the fireplace, covered in white soot and cursing colourfully at the slight pain he felt as he landed on the floor.
Sherlock sighs as he handed over the money. “Worth a shot,” he muttered. “So are we meeting your parents after this?”
3:01am - Whats the point in doing charms anyway we know all the useful stuff when am I ever going to turn a teacup into a mouse I hope if Molly becomes a teacher here she sorts it out because I'm sick to death of it I wish it was our last year but nooo we're stuck in our ducking sixth year the most pointless uninteresting year I hate this
John stared out of the window as the train set off. "Next year is going to be out last year," he observed in awe. "That's going to feel weird."
"I may be a psychopath but I'm not a bigot. Besides, what's the use of claim to just fifty percent of the throne?" Moriarty quipped. "Both worlds are easy enough to access. To take over. But now, you're in my way. So take this as a small reminder," Moriarty's face fell into a narrow glare, piercing black, "my dear. Back off."
Weird, John thinks, a small thrill shooting down his spine. For the sake of his security in his own sanity, he labels it as being creeped out at being observed and deduced so accurately, like his mind has been read, and not at all flattered or attracted to the idea.
“Well, I only booked the room for an hour. If you wanted more time you shouldn’t have been talking the whole way through,” Irene smiles innocently. “Great job, everyone. Remember to keep reading through your lines. Hopefully we’ll finish reading through the whole thing by the end of the hour next week. If you’re confused about anything, just ask me or Harry.”
And John never had to travel back in time. Sherlock's intelligence and forethought meant that no matter what, the case was always solved: the murderer was apprehended, the kidnapping victim was rescued, and any danger they placed themselves in was easily dealt with. Besides which, John didn't want to risk losing what he already had,
Sherlock cringes and turns away from the scene, making a show of rummaging through the cupboard under the stairs for his coat.
"Sixty three pounds?!" John repeats incredulously. When the lady at the desk raises a displeased eyebrow, he quickly adds, "No, it's fine. I have - I have that." He counts out the money in his wallet that isn't for tube fare and food. "Uh - is there a ticket that's fifty pounds?"
"Now we sleep. It's probably best if we get up early tomorrow. Get you on the train sooner rather than later."
“Relax?” Sherlock turns to glare at John, his eyes sharp and bright against the dark circles under his eyes. His hands still shake with withdrawal. “Do criminal masterminds
Sherlock shrugs "Simple observation, that's all." He takes a sip of his coffee and pulls a face, clearly not up to his standards. "You don't have food stains but you do have a slight toothpaste stain." John turns red and attempts to scrub at the small stain. "Someone so careless who ate breakfast should have both. Your clothes are slightly crumpled in a way that suggests you put it on in a hurry, but you have the tired look of someone who did not accidentally lie in this morning, so you dressed in a hurry because you were trying on outfits. As for your watch," Sherlock reaches across the table to pull John's hand towards him, his fingers almost at John's pulse point, "It's an old model, around 20 or 30 years old. It's scratched and well worn, so not recently bought. A watch like that couldn't possibly be afforded at this time, so it's old and a gift. Your father wouldn't have let you borrow it out for the day if he was still technically in possession of it, and something worth so much would have been given as a present for an important birthday. As today's society focusses on the age of sixteen far too much, it's a fair guess to say it was your sixteenth birthday."
"In return, Mr Yanovich has given you two tickets to tonight's performance, should you choose to accept payment."
“I can tidy!” John raises an eyebrow. Sherlock amends himself. “You can tidy. Experiments can be cleared away and I could always see if I can move into 221a.”
“Not just a bird. A magpie,” she says. “It’s the exact same as his seal, his sign. He uses it for all his messages, when he hires and when he needs a job doing. It could just be a coincidence, but…”
He hurried out of the stadium and back to the tent, not caring whether or not he was even supposed to go there. On his way there, he passed Moran, who stared at him with a small, proud, calculating smirk on his face. He ignored him, as he decided he would for the rest of his life to anyone he sold come into contact with after the humiliation of this round.
"I don't know, those greasy, oily hands currently handling my coffee are kind of doing it for me - ow! I was kidding!"
The Occamy flew with a jolt out from the cage and onto a rocky ledge behind John. John watched, completely still and silent as it sat down and its eyes shot straight through John. John swallowed, as he thought to himself what the hell he should do next. The Occamy was clearly sat on top of the egg he needed, so his best bet was to distract the bird from the nest and discreetly grab the egg. Now all that was needed was a distraction.
The whole thing is too much of a blur, like the fading memory of a nightmare after waking up: John's arrival, Sherlock's irrational anger that even now he can't quite think of a reasonable explanation for. He
"Hush now, my dear. He's only gone back to sleep." Moriarty stepped over John's comatose form over towards Sherlock. He kept eye contact with the man against his will. Moriarty's eyes roamed, looking Sherlock up and down and pinning him firmly to the infirmary's stone floor. "No need to be scared, Sherlock. I admire you, you know."
"You alright?" John asked. Sherlock could never tell if he was genuinely concerned or if it was just a conversation starter. Probably the latter.
John shakes his head to reassure him of the lack of offence, as Sherlock demands, "give us five minutes with the body."
I know you're going to ask how I know all this, so I'll save you the time: a young child is dressed as a skeleton in the background in the (slightly early) Halloween spirit - a younger sibling of a teammate of yours - so that shows how old the photo is. Your rugby outfit seems old and marginally too tight, showing you bought them before a growth spurt (not that you've had many of those, clearly.) You're standing at an angle and leaning your weight on the railing, the bruise is fairly obvious, and your smile, though genuine, looks uncomfortable, as you're trying to hide your chipped tooth out of self consciousness. In terms of the girlfriend, you have faint traces of lipstick on you in the picture.
“Yeah. Before you, I didn’t really want to do anything except… wallow in self pity until my pensions ran out. I had no plans except to get through to the next day, and even then - well, it’s not the case anymore. Now I’m back on my feet. I have a nice flat, someone to talk to other than my therapist, and now I’m going to get a job.”
"I mean, it's true. I play saxophone with her in jazz band, and the trumpets always get timing wrong at one point or another."
John stood in front of the full-body mirror in his dorm room, pulling at the strangling, white collar around his neck, his face a pure representation of discomfort and embarrassment. John had no idea how his parents had managed to obtain these dressrobes, as he recalled his owl flying into the hall carrying the package from his mum, with a note telling him how his head of year had contacted them asking for dressrobes to be bought and sent ASAP to Hogwarts. The dressrobes certainly didn't seem cheap. Maybe his dad was finally at work again?
Irene: William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Love of my life. Apple of my eye. My raison d’etre. How are you, my darling?
John giggles again. "Well, I won't be here to bail you out when you're arrested for insulting our police force."
Sherlock considers running inside the building for shelter, but that would mean missing John's arrival, which could lead to John thinking Sherlock had abandoned him, which definitely will not do at all. Sherlock imagines the look of disappointment on John's face, the worry at being in a strange new place without anyone there to guide him, him thinking that Sherlock doesn't care, deciding that he's not worth the time anyway, and hopping back on the next train to London and never talking to Sherlock again. With a shake of his head, he decides he can stand a bit of cold and damp in order to avoid this completely ludicrous scenario.
“Good. That’s good. Mildly disappointing that you’re not on the train here but your safety comes first.”
"It felt..." Surreal. Terrifying. Pressuring. Relieving. "Fantastic. I honestly couldn't believe it. I definitely don't regret putting my name in."
"Enter the tournament?" Mary asked, "Janine just did." Mary nodded to the brunette who John only just noticed. "This is Janine, by the way. Janine, c'est John - le garçon que je rencontrais vacances - et son ami, Sherlock." Mary switched flawlessly from French to English with ease. John had seen it before, and he still wasn't sure which was her first language.
"Oh?" The brow of the creature creased, as though it would raise an intrigued eyebrow, if it had any. "Forgive me. I'm still in my developmental stage. It's a difficult task, to pick and choose out of the information I am given," the beast scuttled towards John, and he resisted the urge to step away from it, "to know what exactly to do and say before my victim snaps." The creature grew in size until it was at eye level with John. It's eyes wandered around John, flickering greedily as it - read? - John. John instinctively stepped backwards. Don't think, don't think, don't think.
But anyway, what we do is up to you entirely. I look forward to seeing you. It's 27 days to go now and frankly, I dislike the idea of waiting so long. I've never been a patient person but I suppose I will find ways to keep myself occupied still.
John nodded then glanced pointedly at Sherlock, who sighed, then turned to Greg again, "She's here."
He rolls his eyes. “She’s fine. Besides, what’s a couple of broken stitches compared to this?” He kisses the top of Rosie’s head. “This is the first time I’ve seen Rosie in two weeks. I’ve missed her.”
John laughs as Sherlock reaches for another packet of balloons to open. He steps down from his chair, where he was stood to hang up paper chains, which is now a routine embedded into him after sixteen years of Soulmate Day parties. “Come on. You promised you would help with the preparation before the party.”
"Oh, just ignore that. This is only a draft after all." Kiara smiled. "But, tell me, is your friend - Sherlock, is it? - part of the reason you entered the tournament?"
Thank you for sending your x ray, though. It was incredibly fascinating and helpful so I could practice my deductions. I imagine that if I do take up a career as a consulting detective - that is the name I have given it. Much better than 'helping detective', don't you think? - I'd have to examine all kinds of injuries. In terms of what I could deduce about you:
Sherlock felt a blush crawling up his neck. It was surprising, how quickly their tone had changed. "I... um, thank you. I mean, I've never found myself attractive. I've just kind of tolerated myself. But you are too. Attractive. Very much so..." Sherlock trailed off awkwardly, as John tipped his head up so that their eyes met, then kissed him, making him make a noise from the back of his throat with surprise.
Irene: All the actually good actors are doing performing arts degrees and have exams and coursework coming up so we’ve had to resort to good old fashioned nepotism to fill the roles
Sherlock explains everything in detail, and as he does so, John feels his anger ebbing away, soothed by Sherlock's deep, rich voice and his interest piquing as the case becomes clearer. He describes how he took the mobile phone from the crime scene, knowing it would be useful and police officers tend to forget the uses a phone can have in solving crimes. After leaving the crime scene, he went immediately to the morgue to see the previous victims who had both been killed within the last week. Sure enough, there were small traces of there having been tattoos on their little fingers, which had been cut off in the same clean, swift way. None of the nearby tattoo artists recognised the faces of the victims, nor had they heard of the tattoo design, which Lestrade had texted to Sherlock upon interviewing the victim's friends and families, so Sherlock immediately knew that this tattoo had been done privately.
"John!" Mary came running in and John barely had time to move back before she hugged him. "Oh, are you okay? That must have hurt, that injury."
The nurse made a soft hum, a noise of sad sympathy and patted Sherlock's shoulder assuringly. "I'm sure he will."
“I suppose,” Sherlock admits reluctantly as he sits down in front of a plate. He immediately reaches for the maple syrup and starts drizzling it over his pancake, as though there is a classier way of eating pancake and maple syrup.
John allowed himself a small smile. "Well, not everyone thinks that. And I'm willing to bet the diplomat is one of them."
“How? What are you going to do, bribe the critics into being nice? Offer them a handjob to undo the damage? It’s too late. The bloody Times were there. I’m ruined.”
Sherlock woke up the next morning with a sharp intake of breath, sitting straight up and blinking back the flashes of image that had appeared throughout the night, weaving into his dreams, taunting him in the darkness. It was always the same; always John, bleeding out onto Sherlock as he lay beside him and watched helplessly.
He hates her as he moves back into Baker Street after the events at Leinster Gardens. He hates her as he sits by Sherlock's bedside, watching him rest and recover after his exertions (for
Sherlock had tried to kiss him. Sherlock had made a speech about how he has feelings. Sherlock had completely given himself away.
Thank you for your phone call the other day. It was a comfort to have you to talk to and I did feel a bit better. My exam the following day was much less disastrous. But I digress.
“If I can write another one. Because Jesus Fucking Christ why can’t the words just work?!” Harry ruffled her hands through her hair, groaning in frustration. “Nothing is working. I have no ideas. No opening lines. I can’t even think of a character.”
“Meet new people, but don’t draw attention to yourself,” Sherlock mutters. “Wonderful. Capital advice.”
John chuckled, "I guess it could be some kind of metaphor for the schools and the people in them: Durmstrang are silent and stealthy and dark and could probably kill you; Beuxbatons are elegant and graceful on the outside, but there's more to them than meets the eye."
"How about the effect on you before that when you were used as bait against me?" Sherlock snapped back. "None of this would have happened if we didn't have the strong attachment we have."
"I can see pink glitter pen with a number and a name 'Mary' and a kiss afterwards on your hand. The number is distinctly European and for a mobile phone. The fact you left it on and refused to wash it off shows you were keen, but you have not added the number to your phone yet. You're procrastinating, most likely because you're not as keen on her as she was of you, but you feel bad. You don't like long distance relationships."
"Oh, that one." Sherlock said, taking more books from the shelf (how he was able to carry all those books, John didn't know). "I'm  surprised people made such a big deal out of it. Lestrade could have solved it."
John chuckles and lightly elbows him in the ribs. “Oh, come on. Where’s your optimism? You’re never like this before a rugby game.”
For John, this poses no problem at all, as he’s almost as excited as the others. For Greg, however, who was practically dragged into the rehearsal room kicking and screaming, despite having already signed his soul away to the cause on the sign-up sheet, each shrill shriek brings him one step closer to leaving. That is, if the way he keeps glancing at the exit door with longing in his eyes is any indication.
I'm also writing to let you know that I'm sorry about what happened at the end, before I left. It was unwelcome, I know, and I promise it won't happen again. It would be greatly appreciated if we could forget about the whole thing and move on.
Sherlock sat in silence for a moment, his mind racing at 100 miles an hour and his heart beating nervously in his chest, so fast that he was certain John could feel it. "I don't want to go back next year."
The boy's lips curved into a genuine, calm smile and he took Sherlock's hand with his and shook it firmly. "Victor Trevor." He said smoothly, and Sherlock didn't bother concealing his blush when Victor brought his hand to his lips and kissed it. "Pleasure to meet you, Sherlock."
That night he dreamt of Yule Balls and music, and a room of Marys and Johns dancing together completely oblivious to him standing in the middle of the room alone and in pain.
Instead, he was attending to the injuries of a man he barely knew in the regiment, who had no hope of being saved. He could have had children. He could have had a spouse, or parents, or friends. John didn't know - nor did he care in that moment. He tried to stabilise the wound, put pressure on it as he yelled for more assistance, knelt there beside the man as his hands became wet and scarlet with the other one's blood. Neither of them spoke to one another; the other soldier was too fearful, his eyes wide with the shocking reminder of his very much imminent mortality, and John was too focused on keeping the soldier alive in the sweltering hot desert heat.
I want to meet as soon as possible, really. I don't mind if your collar bone's broken. I wouldn't mind if your leg was broken and I had to slow down to a snail's pace for you to catch up. However, waiting until I am better emotionally, and you won't spend the entire time stressing about Chemistry and Biology and Maths or whatever is a good idea. I'd prefer for us to be there as friends, not you as my therapist and me as your private tutor. Exams end for me on the 15th of June. If you want to meet the weekend afterwards, I'd be happy to. I suppose you'd want to spend the day after your exam celebrating with family or having parties with friends to celebrate? Again, dull. My mother will be insisting on gathering around the extended family to show off how clever I am and how much potential I have. It's almost enough to make me want to fail on purpose just to embarrass the family.
John left the room quickly, and barely left the common room before he slumped against the wall next to Ravenclaw's door, burying his head into his hand.
When the orchestra arrived with their instruments, Sherlock instructed them to queue in an orderly fashion. "We're just checking for the quality of your instrument, how well you've been taking care of it, that kind of thing," he said, putting on his phoniest smile, baring his teeth, not quite reaching his eyes. "We need tonight's performance to be extra brilliant, and we just want to make sure there will be no bumps along the way."
He looked at the clock next to him and saw that students would still be in their classrooms, learning whatever the hell John had missed (what had he missed? How long was he in a coma for?). Even so, there was normally a low hum of life that spread from the classrooms through the echoey halls, gossip and laughter and discussions and debates creating a buzz that spread throughout the old castle. But today, the first day John had been present for several days, it was silent, like the castle was thinking, contemplating, mourning.
"Fine, I'll do it! I'll solve your stupid case. Now - " Sherlock leapt dramatically off the sofa and opened the door, his eyes burning a death glare into Mycroft's skull - "Leave John out of this and get out of my flat." Mycroft raised an eyebrow but rose out of his seat - Sherlock's seat - towards the door. "Do keep me regularly updated," he said calmly, before exiting the flat. Sherlock slammed the door behind him with no small amount of satisfaction before flopping back on the sofa again.
“Oh, nice to see you too,” John replies sardonically, putting all his energy into looking affronted, staring defiantly back at Sherlock’s eyes rather than slightly turned on and letting his gaze drop to his lips, which are only a few centimetres away. “Can you let me go now?"
The man’s eyes narrowed as he started to read the boy – two weeks under his employ, squib, hired after murdering his stepfather, needs the money for his family, wants excitement, wants to hold a gun again. The man’s lips stretched into  a tight smile and he walked towards him. The boy stood  up. “You’re the newbie, aren’t you?”
They hear footsteps and immediately separate. “That’s him,” Sherlock says needlessly and they bolt out of the crevice so that they’re suddenly face to face with the suspect. John quickly punches him in the jaw, knocking him to the ground for Sherlock to handcuff his hands to a pipe.
He blinks. Stares. Sherlock definitely isn't joking. In fact, his face is pale, betraying a regret John is so familiar with. "What?"
"Isn't it?" He beamed. "Not just murders though. It's my speciality, of course, but I do a little dabbling elsewhere. Kidnapping. Fraud. But I'm not the only one in the world and certainly not the most powerful. Yet."
“Yes, I am aware. But why is that an issue? You can go out with babies. Or we could leave her with Mrs Hudson.”
19:35 The old Sherlock would never have hesitated to say his thoughts on a couple who spend Valentine’s day with friends instead of each other.
“Excellent hearing, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock drawls from where he’s thrown himself dramatically across the sofa, a hand pressed to his forehead and his eyes shut. John is sat in his chair, looking and feeling equally rotten as he waits for the painkiller to kick in. Thank god Rosie was quiet this morning, waking up with little fuss. “It’s a wonder you don’t put it to better use when we tell you to knock first.”
Sherlock dashed out of the room, coat billowing behind him, the cogs in his head racing. He rushed down the stairs, only stopping when Hopkins called him.
I'd love to have been there in Sussex when you worked on the case. I wouldn't contribute anything useful probably but getting to watch the deduction thing in real life would be amazing. I could...make notes or something.
"Well, it's wonderful that John has such a nice friend," Mrs Watson says cheerfully. Sherlock glances in John's direction.
The wizard-camera flashed, thankfully not making John blink, and the photographer came out from behind the cover. A woman, most likely in her early-thirties, with tanned skin and wearing a bright pink suit stood behind him, seemingly assessing the three champions.
"Kill you? No, don't be obvious," Mary and Moran chuckled along with Moriarty. "I mean, I'm going to kill you anyway, eventually, but I'm saving that for something special. No. If you don't stop prying Sherlock, I'll burn you," Moriarty actually snarled. "I'll burn the heart out of you."
If I may admit something, I'd like to confess that I would not hate going to the ballet. I'm not asking you to take me - I understand that you'd probably dislike watching it, even if you were able to get tickets. But I think you should know that I actually quite enjoy ballet. From a musician's point of view, the artistic nature of the movements and the rhythms are fascinating. As a scientist, I like to observe how much muscular strength is required to pull off the lifts and turns and actions that could otherwise seem impossible - I doubt any of your rugby team could dance en pointe or carry fellow dancers the way many can on the stage.
They’ve caught their breath enough that they run all the way back to Baker Street, letting the adrenaline make up for their exhaustion. When they get back, they’re fatigued and it’s too late to knock on Mrs Hudson’s door for Rosie. There’s always the morning.
John smiled quietly to himself, then continued. "Besides, as cliche as it sounds, if I didn't get shot and discharged with a shitty pension, I wouldn't have found my way back to you."
Moran repeated Janine's actions, and brought out a scaley monkey-like creature with a hollow head, filled to the brim with water. "The Kappa." Mcgonagall said, holding the bag out to John. He inhaled and put his hand in, jumping slightly as he felt a creature land on his palm. He didn't even need to see what it was. He already knew that the winged, serpentine creature in his palm was -
P.S Legally!? Watching a film?! Ridiculous. You're no fun, John Watson. Where's the boy who sneaked me into a theatre after a botched attempt at getting us in cheaply
Okay, we should probably try and be grown ups about it and actually say what happened, instead of using euphemisms, because there is absolutely nothing wrong with what happened.
John knows this is his cue for him to ask her out. He hums and nods again, and a brief flash of annoyance contorts her features before she smiles again.
Sherlock watched and observed. He had deduced things about Mary long ago: only child, left handed, short sighted, likes baking. She had a good sense of humour, judging from her chats with Janine, and she was clever. There was nothing there to be disliked. And he did like her, or at least tolerate her, more than John's previous girlfriends. So why did he not trust her?
“You don’t have to say it back or anything.  I didn’t even mean to say it, it just sort of slipped out.”
, with a capital F - that was pulling him into this room clearly lies in this man. Why? He’s nothing more than a doctor, albeit an impressive one. He watches as he cuts and prods and pokes the injured man with various instruments, not once breaking into a sweat or shaking. Instead, he has an intense, dark stare that goes unbroken for the duration of the entire surgery. How long has it been now? An hour? Two?
“We’ve got a serial killer, Hopkins. That much is definite. They’re hard, serial killers. You have to wait for them to make a mistake.”
John looked down at his feet instantly, praying that Mary didn't see him. She had told him before he left France to go home in August to call her, keep in touch, and he had said yes, he would. Now here they were nearly two months later in the same school, with the heavy knowledge that he had completely forgotten to call her. In fact, over the past few weeks, what with school work and the tournament, he had almost completely forgotten of her existence. What would she say to him, if she knew?
John watches as Sherlock stares at the phone, a frown forming. He then suddenly turns pale, his lips parted in a small ‘oh.’ “John,” he murmurs, handing the phone over.. “I have a hypothesis I would like you to confirm.”
"You don't believe me?" Mary's tone becomes affronted, angry, even. Possibly a bit desperate. "You do realise I'm doing this all for us. For Rosie. The money I've been offered - we could do anything. Live anywhere and not have to worry about dull domesticities like the mortgage or school funds. Neither of us had an especially rich childhood. This is our chance to give our daughter the childhood we missed. Don't you want that?"
"Not that I know of. She knows that you and John are pretty attached, though. She can't quite trust the two of you yet. Understandable, though. If my boyfriend back home acted around his best friend the way John does with you - "
"He's serious, Sherlock. Is he going to pull through?" Molly asked. The two of them stood at the opposite side of the bed.
"You have a very active imagination in the morning," John remarked softly, taking pity on Sherlock as he climbed back into bed, curling up behind him in an embrace. Out of protest, Sherlock tried to hide the hum of contentment, the way he visibly relaxed into the weight of John's arms around him. "Nothing like that will happen, I promise," he said gently. "Even disregarding the fact that I love you too much to limit talking to you to once a month, have you any idea how unlikely it is for soulmates to grow apart during uni?"
Sherlock nods. "Okay. See that back alley next to the theatre there?" John nods. "There should be a door there that will lead us backstage. From there we can make our way into a space where we can get a view of the stage while remaining hidden."
John cuts in quickly, "He just didn't want to see all your ugly mugs. Oh, except you, Amy. You're an angel and a blessing and we're delighted you're here."
"Oh?" John winded his arms around Sherlock's shoulders, stroking the nape of his neck. "Somewhere more private then?" To his delight, Sherlock smiled in agreement.
“Ah, well, that should change soon. Look, rehearsal’s about to start. Excuse me, sorry.” Harry quickly makes her way through the crowd to Irene, who has taken a chair and placed it in the centre of the room. She stands on it, ignoring the way it wobbles precariously with remarkable calmness, and whistles sharply through her fingers to gain everyone’s attention. The entire room instantly silences, and Harry stands next to her, suddenly even more significantly shorter than before.
The two walk back to the flat hand in hand, ignoring the sweltering August weather that makes any kind of skin contact practically unbearable, even at this point in the evening. To them, it was the several-week-long absence of skin contact that had been unbearable, or even the absence of just seeing each other. They hugged at their reunion, grinning excitedly, even kissing in public. Though the whole atmosphere of Soulmates Day certainly helped - the advertisements in the windows, the constant love songs on the radio, other reunions going on around them. Any passersby, instead of shaking their heads or looking away awkwardly at the open displays of affection, simply ignored them, understanding that they are soulmates and therefore it is slightly more tolerable than usual this time of year.
"Yes, yes, we all know you're an expert on dancing. But indulge me, yeah?" John moves so he is stood in front of Sherlock, holding out his hand with an easy smile on his face. "Will you do me the honour of hugging-while-swaying with me tonight?"
“Sherlock! Good to see you.” He shook his hand, which Sherlock returned. “Anything you want, on the house. Free, for you and for your date.”
At that point, a large case embellished in gold and silver was placed next to Mcgonagall. Dull theatrics.
By the time they arrived it was almost completely dark and the cold January wind bit at their faces as they climbed out of the cab. While Sherlock was already speeding over to the yellow police tape marking the crime scene,  he assumed that John had paid the cabbie and would follow behind him shortly. He ducked under the tape without need to give ID to the policewoman standing next to the tape. They’d done this enough times for everyone in Scotland Yard to know who they were.
He knew that he was interfering - or at least trying to - in the relationship of a man he met once (and had dinner with, and exchanged numbers with, and shagged with) for no other reason than pure selfishness. For all John knew, Sherlock could be far happier with this bloke he picked up than with John.
“Not at all, he was just leaving. Weren’t you, doctor?” Sherlock turned to look at John, who felt forced to nod in response.
Finally, the shift ends and the manager allows him to go out for a bite to eat. ("Don't bother with our sandwiches," she advises. "They taste like shit and the owner only bought them to name them after famous 'witches'. They probably violate a few health codes too.") Just as John puts on his coat and hums goodbye to his manager and the other barista, his phone lights up with a text from Sherlock.
"Oh, don't worry, I have a translation potion with me. Come on, Miss, this way." Janine stood up from her chair and followed Kiara out of the room with no sign of nervousness.
"Fine, perhaps I am a little...apprehensive. Still, aren't you? I mean, how did your parents react when you told them I was coming?"
"Not to me! I don't forget things accidentally! I'm not like you ordinary people where information flies over my head. Especially not chemistry. I like chemistry. I'm good at it. But then I went and fucking forgot the metal that produces a lilac flame like an idiot."
On January 3rd, nine days after he and Mary reconcile with some reluctance on his part, on the day of Sherlock's exile for a crime he committed for Mary, John’s hatred has not shifted, not even remotely. After all, had it not been for Mary and the bloody Magnussen case...
"Not a good father or husband though, with any kind of common sense," Sherlock snapped. "You should have seen it. You should have known how they were all restless to leave wherever they were cooped up in, or so united they'd refuse to let him into a dangerous situation alone."
Sherlock made a noise halfway between a bark of laughter and a sob. "Like that would make a difference. But...thank you."
“But babies take up a lot of space. There’s two bedrooms, and your experiments, and case files everywhere.”
This time, he said, "Oh, I agree. Terrible habit, drinking." John paired this with a well-timed swig of his own drink which made Sherlock laugh (John smiled in turn, is heart skipping in triumph at getting to hear this man laugh.)
Sherlock frowns, genuinely and endearingly confused. "I should be the one thanking you, John. In fact, I should be paying you if you weren't so proud."
This time last year on Valentine’s day, John was planning on asking Sherlock out properly. He decided to quit his job, stop dating, show him that he’s available.
He suddenly wondered about his wound, about the scar it would have left. Would it be utterly grotesque and disgusting to look at? Probably. It's not like it is in the movies, he reminded himself. Scars aren't drawn on with plaster and paint, shaped to suit the person like an ornament. They aren't to be admired or romanticised, fawned over as people gush 'you're so brave!' then flirt with the soldier. Scars are at best intriguing to those in the forensic or medical profession, at worst hideous to behold. He had a few scars from muggle football or from falling off broomsticks. They're hardly pretty to look at. This is probably worse, John sighed internally, envying Harry Potter's lightning shaped scar, the kind of thing people would intentionally draw on their skin with a needle and ink. He decided to postpone scar inspection and Harry Potter envy for later.
"Help?" Sherlock snorted. "I appreciate the thought but unless you have some kind of... machine that can extract all subjective emotions from my conscience, you're not going to be of much use."
Sherlock smiled and looked at his feet. Looking up again, he said, not really thinking, "I'm glad you were chosen. You deserve it, you know."
The Room of Requirement that appeared to them for their tournament preparation was different to the one that appeared for them the first time they found it, as their use of it was intended to be different than before. Not all of it had changed. There were still piles and piles of old clutter dating back centuries, and a couple of old beds. Sherlock predicted that over the years, and especially during the aftermath of the Battle of Hogwarts, the room had lost some of its magic and ability to transform itself entirely to the person’s individual needs. However, there was more floor space which they used for duel practicing, and bookshelves with information on offensive and defensive spells and different mystical creatures, which they would read together.
As there is no one else entering the coffee shop, John finds himself with nothing to keep himself occupied. He gives up on watching the door for customers and watches the man at a distance from behind the counter instead. The man places the cup on the table and then gets out a phone, then a notebook and pen, then a number of files. (John's eyebrows raise at this - how did they even fit in there? How many pockets does that coat have?) He starts to scribble things down, pausing every so often to think. John wonders if he is a writer; he has the look of one of those romantic writers, composing poetry or long plotty novels that criticise the state of society today. Maybe he could make John into a character - the thought is more thrilling than it should be, having a stranger so enamoured by him at first sight that he writes him into his universe, giving him excitement and danger and a purpose. But then the stranger switches to his phone, typing rapidly. Is he texting a friend? Family? Girlfriend? Boyfriend?
“Or maybe he was just a psychopath that impulsively blew his own brains out just to prove a point?” John suggests drily.
"I suppose so. Actually, I think I saw two Durmstrang girls dancing together. Um, do you want to get a drink?"
“Yeah. Same. God, once this is over, part of me just wants to book a hotel room, just so I can have somewhere to stay away from my family.”
A pause. John hears him swallow then say quietly, slightly hurt, “no. But we can try.” John’s guilt increases tenfold.
“Her name is Mary Morstan, if you were wondering. You probably weren’t. We met at work - she recently joined us as the new nurse. I think you’d like her, you know. She’s smart and funny. A bit mysterious, but then again, we’ve only been going out a month.
He reached for the violin in his case - unfortunately not the Stradivarius he'd wanted since he was 10, as it was 'too expensive' and 'not easy to obtain', but still very good - and plucked at the strings systematically. Already in tune. Good.
The next page contains the only photo John managed to take of Sherlock himself, without using the grainy newspaper photos of them half obscured by shadows. It's of Sherlock smiling at a crime scene, looking up from his phone at John with a fond smile. John was able to get his attention with a bad joke he can no longer remember then snapped a picture on his phone just before Sherlock noticed. He did end up noticing, but that wasn't his intention.
"Spam letter, that's all. Offering me twenty thousand galleons to reply with the correct answer to some trivia question. Nothing to worry about."
The stage darkens for the interval, and John and Sherlock huddle closer together among the props to stay hidden as the ballerinas pile out from the stage. When they all leave, John breathes a sigh of relief.
A few days later, he prints off the photo and sticks it on a new page to mark the beginning of their new life together at 221b. It's selfish, but he hopes it lasts. He's not quite ready to face Mary just yet.
Irene inhales sharply. John smothers laughter at the way Irene’s composure is deteriorating. He catches Sherlock’s eye, who smirks back.
What difference will one night at Baker Street make anyway? After all, with the due date vast approaching, it will probably be the last time he can stay there in a very long time.
“I think it will have to warrant many days off.Either that or I become one of those parents who never sees their kid again because they’re working all the time, just giving the child to whatever nanny or relative or family friend is available then only turning up for birthdays. Christ, she’ll resent me for the rest of her life.”
He stayed backstage as he made sure that the play went exactly as it was supposed to, referring only to his dim memory of the dress rehearsals he was invited to. So far, everything was going well.
“Of course you do! You deserve one too. It’s just not a great time for me to be spending loads of money on jewellery from a 200 year old tradition.”
John exhales, trying to calm the nervous flutter in his stomach that insists on arguing that it won't go alright. "Yeah, me too."
"Can you get changed? Come down to the hall with me. There aren't any lessons on today so you can spend the next few hours sleeping if you want, after some food."
I couldn't bear to leave this fic as a one-shot without resolving it, so here is the second chapter, almost a month later.
“You’ve missed your violin, and I’ve missed hearing it. Come on, nurse. For me, your poor, injured patient,” John teases lightly, in the way he has done all week. Sherlock rolls his eyes, but complies, standing from his chair. He bends down and kisses John lightly as he passes him, then reaches for the violin.
At lunch Mycroft visited. He didn't hover like Lestrade and Molly did; he strode in like he owned the room, walking over to Sherlock without a thought to the patient in the bed. Sherlock looked up to Mycroft's face to see it was full of concern, eyes wide and blazing with repressed fear and - sadness? Sherlock frowned, trying to read him.
“Nope. Just stuck inside, staring at the ceiling, feeling every ounce of my will to live leave my shell of a body.”
And yet, it was absolute torture, because whenever Sherlock turned to look at him, to laugh breathlessly, his cheeks flushed from the cold air, John was instantly transported back to the night of their first meeting, when Sherlock had come off the dance floor with the same sated and flushed face as now. And then the memories of what came after came flooding back, of when they both came up for air, panting and grinning and high on a haze of hormones. It made John want to press him up against the nearest wall and tear the straining clothes off Sherlock, place his mouth over every part of him yet unexplored, touch him until they were both weak and boneless but happier than either of them have been in months. Sometimes, John could feel the same want radiating off Sherlock, could feel their circle of orbit becoming closer, closer... Instead, Sherlock would nod, wish him a good night,  and retreat to his room to catch up on however much sleep he had missed out on while working the case.
Moriarty pursed his lips then replied, his face  still not turning away from him, "you fascinate me, Sherlock. Have done for a while now. But your brother here... No." Moriarty got up. "I won't do it."
Sherlock groaned in protest but rolled over onto the bit of mattress next to him, lying on his side and facing John, a pink blush high on his cheeks from exertion. He looked younger, and John fancied he could see a kind of glow on him. “You know, if I hadn't strolled up to a crime scene high as a kite one day, I wouldn't have met Lestrade or become a consulting detective. And if I didn't go to rehab, I wouldn't have improved on my deduction skills so quickly to cope with the boredom."
Experiment to see if anyone is still here. Sorry I’ve been MIA (sort of. I’ve been writing other fics)
“Now there’s the sarcastic John Watson we know and love," Bill chuckled. "It’s good, it shows you’re recovering.”
The thought slams through him unexpectedly, painfully, with a sudden reminder of just how far away from home he is and how long he has to go still. These last nine months have been hell, but he expects it will only get worse. He casts the thought aside for now and comes back inside, putting the lighter and cigarette away. “Look, I should probably go. I told you I was just passing by the city and I have a train to catch in a few hours.”
At eleven o'clock, John was taken to a tent which sat nearby to the stadium. Inside, Janine was perched on a stool, biting her nails nervously, and Moran was pacing and looked ready to punch anything which came near him. Perhaps that was his way of showing nerves. John doubted he even had a 'flight' part of the Flight or Fight instinct. Unsure where to go or whether he should talk to anyone, he sat on the red sofa in the corner and stared blankly at the tent walls. Luckily Sherlock and Mary entered a moment later.
"Samantha, you want to study English lit at university, but you don't know where to go from there. You're hoping to stay in education as long as possible before you run into debt or your parents' generosity runs thin. You're Amy's soulmate, yet you're more comfortable here than Rebecca or me, which means you spend considerably more time here than us. In fact, I'll go as far as to say you have been going to the same school for years and it is only by coincidence that you two were matched as soulmates."
"You're not the police. You have no authority to do this!" The man yelled. "I have my rights you know."
“I don’t know. I think I could tell the whole thing with complete factual accuracy and would still be pretty romantic. No embellishments needed.”
"JOHN!" The scream tears from Sherlock's throat as John stumbles backwards and his legs give way. He comes round into his line of vision, kneels beside him as he examines the bullet wound, eyes wide and watery and full of unrecognisable fear. His skin has turned green, practically grey.
Sherlock closed his eyes, steepled his fingers to his lips and said in a whisper. "The killer is trying to get my attention. He can't get much closer to me than through you."
Sherlock and John make eye contact, then by some unspoken, unanimous agreement, they both run, dodging the guard and speeding past him and out into the back alley. By some miracle, the guard is unable to catch up with them, clearly lacking in speed where he made up in muscle. They carry on running, their lungs and legs protesting, until they reach a street far enough away that they could pause, laughing breathlessly until they were sore.
Both of those instructions sound terrifying, but he’s never been good at saying no to John. He nods and sits down beside him, deciding is flight or fight instinct can wait for now.
Mycroft hesitated, choosing his words carefully, then replied, "I'm afraid I didn't foresee the possibility of such an outcome. I assumed he had the wits about him to not drag his family into such a dangerous situation. He was, after all, a very good politician, with very sound judgement."
John blinked in surprise. Apparently, it only took one travel back in time to fix the conversation completely and make Sherlock want to have dinner. Sherlock, who was far beyond his league. He smiled."Dinner?"
“And what about this?” Sherlock trailed his fingers down John’s sternum until he found the dog tags hanging around John’s neck, and weighed them in his hand with a teasing grin. “Did you just fall asleep halfway through undressing?”
Sherlock Holmes has been dead for nine months, two weeks, and four days. He’s officially moved out of Baker Street, stopped using taxi cabs, lost touch with many of the people he only knew through Sherlock; to all extent and purpose, there is nothing in his life tethering him to Sherlock. And yet it still hasn’t quite hit him that he’s really gone.
