“We need to work extra shifts now so we can still pay rent when we have to take off for exams,” Benny reminded her. “We can’t all work from home.”
“If you want me to fetch an entertainment device, and get food despite the fact there’s plenty of sustenance here, I would appreciate it if you would stop insulting me.”
Or at least that was his hope. Castiel got all the buttons undone, sliding one hand around to the small of Dean's back and slipping fingers under the waistband of Dean's boxers as his boyfriend fumbled for his belt. He was working on a fresh hicky just above a delightfully freckled collar bone when feet smacked down the stairs on the opposite side of their wall.
The Angel hesitated, frowning. “I…no one’s asked me that before.”
“Like, legit Thai food or stuff from that awesome Thai place you went to before?”
Gabriel smirked. He'd gone out of his way to always keep a great deal of human currency to hand, it had proved very useful. Today he'd used it to convince the owner of a very reputable mechanic shop to take a look at his car during his lunch hour so they'd be alone in the garage. "Precisely. Would this part work?"
This trip into town was as much to retrieve her and Dean's belongings as it was to try and ease the townspeople's fears. Castiel had no more intention of harming anyone or anything than he ever had, not that they knew as much. He was quite content to keep pace at Dean's flank, to his side and just behind him, letting the Alpha take the lead. They hadn't had the chance yet for Castiel to show him his full dragon form, but the Omega hoped it wouldn't change anything once he did. He liked having an Alpha willing to dominate him even if he was a dragon and Dean a human. But they
This set the rhythm for what remained of Dean’s time in the cabin. Castiel did try to stay vigilant, he still trained, still drew up reports, still did his patrol route, but he didn’t do it as often as he once had. He left out the evolution of their relationship in the few messages he sent to Gabriel, which just provided the requested updates on any new information and Dean’s healing progress.
The next sound that left his throat was more of a squawk than anything else. Dean, who was already giving a smug smile, just grinned all the wider. “I think you are too.”
While Dean had been the one to ask many questions at the start, things had evened out. Castiel had wanted to know as much as he could about him as well, after all. He wanted to know everything about the Alpha who'd entranced him so.
“I trust my wards,” Castiel agreed, enjoying how his mate shivered as he suckled his scent glands. “I trust you. I would like to join you, perhaps in a few years. I might be of help, and I know how you love your work.”
“Their native language and English.” They’d only recently gotten a good grasp on reading their native tongue, they weren’t ready for other languages yet. But Henry had mastered English and had nearly done the same with the Old Tongue.
sneered a dragon.
“And taking pictures.”
When Samandriel came, he was given the reports as well as one last special message for Gabriel. Before he went out on patrol next, the young Angel came back with a package for him. Inside were a confidential set of orders, a time and location for him to be at with the ‘captured Knight of Hell’. There was also a set of the handcuffs that were carved with spells and sigils, the strongest available. Castiel didn’t need to be told they were for Dean, and that he’d be expected to be wearing them when Castiel delivered him. Next to the official orders was a personal letter from Gabriel, promising he was making the necessary arrangements. Castiel could return to Heaven during his next off-duty shift, and by then Dean should be on house arrest. He was also making arrangements for Sam to visit. Something about calling in a favor and pleading good behavior. Castiel decided he would keep that bit of information quiet, so Dean would be surprised.
“Charlie and Balthazar said you cook.”
He was still trying to decide what might make giving up an informant worth it when Dean asked, “What about names of Angels I know inform to other Demons?”
“Why a belt?”
“Your favorites have been anything cowboy related.”
They had unloaded the car, and Castiel was setting a toiletry kit on a dresser in what was apparently Dean’s old room when the door was nudged shut. He looked up, expecting Dean, only to find Jo leaning against it, arms folded. He frowned, facing her. “Is something wrong?”
“What about them?”
They dozed for some time when Dean had finished with his wings. Castiel wasn’t sure how long. When he woke, it was to the smell of cooking food. He climbed stiffly from the very mussed bed, shuffling first to the bathroom, then to the kitchen.
The Angel glanced down at his empty box, then blinked owlishly at Dean. “I just…did. If you’d wanted a beverage you could have just asked.”
“Will you be angry if I say yes?”
“My mistake,” his husband grumbled, facing the camera. In a wryer tone than usual, he said, “If you like what you see, like, comment, and subscribe down below. Stay safe, Gotham!”
Gritting his teeth, the Omega growled,
“You’re missing the point. I’m going to start gouging out my own eyes.”
Dean had a friend in town, another Alpha named Benny, who owned a hardware store and did renovation work. They converted Charlie’s room into two in an impressively short period of time. Castiel had offered to do it himself with magic, but Dean refused to let him put any unnecessary strain on himself. Besides, Benny was one of several people who’d been to his house before, would ask questions if such work was done spontaneously.
“Oh. Okay.”
“This will take time. We’re meant to be here for a year, and I can arrange to take the distant patrols, my squadron will be grateful for it. There shouldn’t be any suspicion on that front.”
“Like, good?”
“Do not pull that
Blushing, Dean tried to protest. Mostly because Sam and Bobby had, by some miracle, slept through their tramping in and out the front door. In the end Castiel agreed to postpone his reward until the house was empty. How else was Dean supposed to fully appreciate it when he displayed his enthusiasm and awe?
“That was three years ago! You can’t still be pissed.”
“I’m aware.” He shuffled passed Dean, collapsing onto the nearest seat, which happened to be a kitchen chair. The Seraph braced his elbows on the table, rubbing his temples wearily. “Shut the door. Is there food left?”
They were bent, kneeling from what he could tell, but at a guess they were well over fifty feet tall. It looked like they only had one pair of legs, and while they wore no form of clothing they didn’t appear naked either. He couldn’t really see any muscle or bone beneath luminescent flesh, never mind anything that might signify gender. For the most part they consisted entirely of smooth, unblemished pale blue flesh broken only by eyes. Countless, glaring, angry eyes, all a slightly darker shade of blue than the rest of them. Maybe not even flesh, considering appendages that appeared to be fingers were crushing metal like it was rice paper.
*Gasp!* Has it really been ten months since my last post? Oops. Didn’t mean for it to be so long, but I’ve been working on a lot of stuff, both for fics and rl. For those who don’t know, real life is a bitch.
“Sorry, Cassie,” he croaked, the words barely audible.
Gabriel smiled around his sucker, lips curling upward as the Alpha wiped hands streaked in motor oil on already soiled coveralls. He had to admit, he could see the appeal. This particular human was among the better-looking ones. Unlike his brother, and many of his kind, Gabriel had explored the things this short-lived species loved so much, sex being among them. He'd chosen carefully, hadn't slept with any old Alpha that struck his fancy, but he did have experience. He'd never fallen in love with any of them, thank gods, but he'd enjoyed them. He almost regretted this one being off the market.
He wasn’t sure which part Dean was talking about, but he still said, “Yes.”
He hesitated, then admitted slowly, “I killed the four Abaddon brought with her. I was fighting with her, and I had reached the point I didn’t think victory would be obtained.”
Dean slowly drew back, chest tightening. The anger had slowly drained away, shifting direction. What rage remained was no longer aimed at his mate. Something had rattled Castiel to his core, fear scent trickling off him. How had he missed something this big? Sure he'd noticed he was a little off, but not like this.
Dean shot him a confused look. “Remind me, what is Las Posadas again?”
The Seraph drew his grace to the surface, feeling it glowing through his eyes as he raised his blade and brought the tip down hard against the ground. A wave of power rolled out from him, and the angelic wards lit up. Another strike, and they went molten. Lips twitching, he kept going. It would take longer since there was only one of him, but he was focusing his attention forward, on the bunker. Hopefully that would expedite things.
Dean shot him a sharp look. “You call that ‘survived’?”
“Fair point,” Dean admitted. He’d taken a few steps back and was slowly circling the Omega, openly staring at him. “You, uh, spend a lot of time like this?”
“Until his neighbors notice he’s not aging.”
Reluctantly, feeling ill as he took in her tone, her expression, Castiel made himself put one foot in front of the other. The last thing he needed to show his mother was weakness, especially with his kids watching.
“I do.” But rather than explain, he picked up a burger and took a bite. Normally he displayed restraint, but he was fairly sure sounds could also be used to entice a mate. So he moaned as he bit into one of his favorite treats. Not a lot, and not very loud, but enough to not be mistaken.
“Yes, I’m afraid even when I’m inclined to help I rarely do a good job,” Castiel commented wryly.
"I was. You wanted me in here," Castiel drawled, amused.
As Castiel stowed the camera, he glanced over at his husband. He’d been putting this off, something made easy of late. Now seemed as good a time as any to ask, “Have you spoken to Sam?”
That got a pair of raised eyebrows from Dean. He reached over, lacing his fingers through Castiel’s free left hand and holding both their hands up for all to see. More specifically, both their wedding bands for all to see. “Actually, Dean is married to Mr. Novak.”
"Yeah." He'd already gone back under the hood, working to get the sparkplug back into place.
Castiel glanced at the basket he had over one arm. He'd been sure he was missing something.
The Angel blinked, realizing he’d gone still, his face blank. He jerked back, fumbling to palm his blade in one hand and putting on one of the brass knuckles with the other. The second he thrust at Dean, saying, “My base is under attack. Hannah only has three others with her right now, and she says there’s thirteen of them.”
“Why not?”
“Yes, oh.”
“So you think if I forget my keys again- “
“I did. He reinforced them. Unless someone already knows this place is here, they won’t find it.”
Managing a smile he hoped was convincing the Omega asked, "Do I really look like a dragon to you? I must say that's a first."
This seemed to snap Dean out of it, his hands flying up to grasp his muzzle as he stumbled back a step. “Easy, Cas. Don’t look at me like that. You’re…wow.”
“It’s working slowly, what they did to you. I would estimate you have ten hours, perhaps more. What do you wish to know? If it’s not confidential I’ll tell you. Impart information of your own, and I’ll end your misery.”
“Cas, we’re getting out of here. We’re going home.”
"Dad, please, just hear him out," urged Sam. He was four years younger than Dean at fourteen, and had recently presented as an Alpha. For his part Sam liked Castiel, more than anyone else Dean had dated before. It had been one of many marks in Castiel's favor, that he'd gotten along so well with his baby brother.
Castiel frowned a little, but still didn’t open his eyes. “You can cook?”
He couldn't see Dean's face, but Sam's expression hardened. "Yeah, we met her. Once. She's good, but...she's crazy."
"If you walk out that door don't expect to come back."
When they had moved on to what Dean called a whoopee cushion Castiel stepped outside, deciding to give them some space in hopes his not hovering would help things. As he wandered passed the garage which housed Dean’s beloved Impala he decided he’d worried over nothing. Balthazar would be the most skeptical of his children, he knew. Charlie he was sure would take to Dean easily enough, and Samandriel liked people in general.
happened,” Castiel snapped, voice raised as he smacked the steering wheel.
Dark eyes regarded his mate mark, then slid away to focus on Dean. After a long minute Virgil's attention went to Gabriel. "Do you have one as well?"
“I don’t think I’m comfortable with that.”
“Only if we say so.”
He blinked out of his stupor, reaching up to take down a carton of eggs for examination as Dean stepped back to film him. He wasn’t sure why, perhaps for filler? But once he’d found a dozen that passed muster, he took the list and the camera as Dean took over their buggy.
“Hey, wait a second.”
$300. $200. $100. When they got to the double digits Castiel wondered if he should feel so surprised.
“How about a number to start?”
Gabriel chuckled. “At least I won’t have to.” He hesitated a moment, then said, “If you do this, I’ll owe you. I already owe you for what you’ve done. I know you don’t go looking for favors, but don’t try to tell me this didn’t cross your mind.”
"Just checking."
"You. What are you doing here? How'd you find me? How are you even real?"
“You always have a lot to deal with near the end of the year. Figured you could use a treat,” Dean was saying, setting bags on the counter.
“Not exactly. You also use the weed eater and edger and the blower.”
The yelling had died down downstairs, the front door slamming. Sam, he guessed. Good. It was his turn.
“Just get me my pie,” Dean grumbled.
“You see ‘em?”
“’M sorry. Didn’t mean…think I led her here.”
Dean glanced to either side. He’d dragged them in to a half folded position, so each wingtip had an inch or two of clearance between them and bathroom tile. “Yeah. Can you see them?”
"You didn't make it out unscathed," the Alpha rasped, a note of anger in his voice.
at 4:00a.m. Whether or not you remembered the exact time was often dependent on the person. Some didn’t care, ignoring or outright forgetting that moment in time. Others had it memorized from an early age. He hadn’t told anyone, but Dean had set an alarm that morning when the clock turned over and he’d turned thirteen years old. The only reason Sam knew was because they’d shared a room at the time, he’d heard the alarm go off. Dean had wanted to be awake for that special moment, silly though he felt it was.
Dean’s chin jerked up when he heard the front door unlock, yawning widely. “Hey, Cas. Slow night?”
“Vampire,” Dean stated bluntly. “I wanna be Dracula.”
The Alpha glanced around, not missing markings of claws and scales and a tail in the dirt. Still he didn't free his hand from Castiel's, didn't knock the sweet-smelling crown from his head, following the dragon into his lair. An honest first for him on multiple levels.
Honestly, Hazel was still trying to wrap her mind around the fact that Bela’s mom thought Dad wasn’t a good parent. He was an awesome parent. In fact, she’d felt bad for Bela because she’d never seen either of her parents. Her father supposedly worked a lot, and was out of town a lot. Her mother had never come to any of the party’s before. Papa was right, she hadn’t come to the parent teacher conference either, neither of them. Dad had come to both, along with Papa. When she’d been having trouble with math, Papa had helped her. When science was giving her trouble, Dad helped her. From what she’d overheard, Ms. Talbot even ignored the notes being sent home too. Neither Papa nor Dad ignored notes, even when she had sometimes wished they would. It was part of why her grades were always better, she tried her best and her parents helped her when she needed it.
For a moment Castiel wondered if he should make a Devil’s Trap, then discarded the idea. Dean would still be weak for some time, nothing he couldn’t handle. The tricky part would be getting this information to Gabriel. He couldn’t just tell Sam, unfortunately. A condition of Sam’s being allowed out of Gabriel’s chambers without being killed on sight was that he stay in Heaven for a decade. He’d talked about his brother a lot when Castiel had spent time with him. Likely he’d want to come see him, but Dean couldn’t go to Heaven in his condition, and Sam couldn’t come down, so it was best not to mention it yet. On the other hand, it might be beneficial to have an Archangel on his side in this. Angels who’d object to a Seraph wouldn’t dare cross Gabriel.
She didn’t answer right away, starting to shiver. She’d just pulled on a wool jacket when they’d run out of the house, they all had. Otherwise she’d been lucky to wearing shoes along with her tunic and leggings. Charlie was still shivering, trying to find the strength to stand, when hands came under her arms and hoisted her clear off the ground. She squeaked at the abrupt grab, but huffed a sigh of relief when Dean plunked her on her own two feet and brushed off the snow.
He thought about sleeping. He tried to sleep, seeing as tomorrow was going to be a very long day no matter what happened. After a few hours of trying he gave up, trudging back into his kitchen and glaring at the oven clock, glowing numbers reading 11:09. Not even the 24
“You’re not a fool.” Backing away from the bed, he remembered the Demon’s initial greeting. “Did you consume all the food? I told you to make it last.”
“What?”
“Real sure. When are you gonna let me go back to work?”
"Who are you? What do you want?"
“How’s he doing?”
“You left the cabin. Again.”
“Yes, but it’s not objective,” Castiel protested. “How are we supposed to judge that?”
As soon as the camera was off Castiel asked, “What are you afraid of?”
Daily update number two my pretties!
Castiel was content to dust off one of the wooden lounge chairs on Dean’s deck and settle down. Samandriel half bounced half stumbled through the thick snow, until he found out following in the Alpha’s footprints was much easier. He continued with this method until enough snow had been packed down that getting around was easier.
“I’m sorry, Cas, but I can never find anything when you put ‘em away,” Dean cajoled. “And clothes wrinkle easy enough without you wadding them up.”
Dean seemed to hesitate, then asked, "Why are you out here on your own?"
For a brief moment he even saw double.
“’Who’s the better…kisser?’” He gave his husband an unamused look. “What happened to keeping this PG?”
“Hey, Sammy, meet MoonQueen99. She’s the one that’s been kicking your butt this last month.”
"And you fend them off how?"
“Cas,” Dean groaned, tilting his head back, eyes closed.
“’Who is more prone to losing things?’ That’s you.”
“Fine. But only if you settle down. You don’t want to look back five years from now and be embarrassed because you were bouncing off the walls.”
“Antidote? Curses don’t have antidotes.”
Castiel tilted his head, frowning slightly. “I know they want to know, but I fail to understand their enthusiasm.”
“Cold turkey.”
Dean considered it, torn. This wasn't the strongest case he'd ever heard, and he had half a mind to walk away. But it was mid afternoon and raining, even if he left now he wouldn't reach the next town until nightfall. Besides, Impala was tired. She'd earned a rest and some oats. He'd made sure to give her a good rubdown before coming inside, flipping a stable boy an extra copper for the good feed. No, he'd stay the night at least. And Dean knew if he did that then he'd get talked into checking out this dragon one way or another.
"He's your son, you can't kick him out," he protested, ignoring the warning. "You should be proud of him."
Dean cracked a smile. He leaned up, pressing his lips briefly to what Castiel assumed was a blood-free part of his forehead. When he withdrew, he flipped the blade in his hand so it was point down then offered it to the Angel. “You’re gonna need this. They’ll know it’s the one what did it.”
They’d ended up using the entirety of their drive home from Pontiac to discuss children as a whole. How they wanted to try going about it, what routes to take, and the logistics. Castiel used up what cell data he had left doing research as they debated. In the end they decided to adopt, and to keep it domestic. If they wanted to do more in the future they’d look into international, but domestic seemed less complicated for round one. As for surrogacy…they’d agreed it just hadn’t felt right. Especially since there were already so many children already in the world that needed a family.
Wincing, Dean rubbed the side of his skull. “I kinda deserved it. He came over after class one day, we talked, I said some things I regretted almost immediately, and he threw a big-ass book at my head.”
“Does Jo know?” Castiel asked at last.
They were kissing again when Dean pulled away abruptly. “Wait, you don’t live in the barracks, do you? ‘Cause that’s gonna get real tight, real fast.”
Gabriel chose that moment to wander to the door, snickering. Pointing at Castiel with his lollipop he asked, “Him? I don’t think so. If they weren’t obliged to eat a balanced diet of rations he’d live off burgers and PB&J’s.”
Before Dean could decide how to answer that, Castiel offered a simple, “Yes.”
Rather than answer, the Omega waited until he was up the stairs and in the apartment, sitting down at their small kitchen table with mismatched chairs. The brothers followed him, of course. Sam closed and locked the front door as Dean stalked over to him, agitated. "Where were you?"
Yawning, Castiel selected a mug from their cabinet as the Keurig grumbled. He took out creamer as coffee trickled into his mug, taking a moment to look blearily around the pantry before closing the door. He wasn’t hungry yet. Too early. Okay so it was 9:38, but he’d been up fifteen minutes at the most.
“You’re hardly a fool.”
"I know."
“What did you just do?”
Castiel rested his forehead on his forearms, shifting his knees a little farther apart, eyes fluttering. He frowned slightly when he felt soft breath on his skin, brow furrowing. “What are you doing?” Dean had done this before, yes, but only once. When he was licking out his own cum, tongue-fucking the spent Omega to another whimpering orgasm.
“What motivation would I have to lie?” Castiel fired back, agitated.
On Gabriel’s advice Castiel had considered the inevitability of an interrogation by Naomi, and he was suddenly very glad he’d anticipated this particular line of questioning. He was also glad they were using a direct mental link, so Samandriel wasn’t privy to it.
"Good news?" Dean asked as he put it away again.
There was a brief hesitation before he got a slightly less enthusiastic, “Absolutely.”
“-and he’s hungry.”
The Omega whimpered, arching his back to press his hips into his Alpha and his shoulders harder into the bed. “Please let me go, Alpha. I’ll be good, I promise, I’ll come back in time.”
"Cas, what the hell?" he demanded, voice a harsh whisper.
“Come on, please?” Krissy urged. “It’s one of the top running questions in the polls but he hasn’t confirmed whether or not it’ll be in the next video.”
"No. I'd have a true horde if they did," Castiel chuckled, taking back the cup and re-wrapping it. Once he'd replaced it and closed the trunk again he straightened, regarding Dean with bright eyes. "This is my horde. Since I've become of age I've traveled to every corner of the world. These are my spoils, tokens from friends or remarkable trinkets I couldn't pass up. Books and information or stories I was able to bring home. I've begun visiting monasteries to make copies of the rarer tomes, or my favorite texts. I know it's unconventional, but these things please me as much as shiny trinkets."
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, not looking all sorry and clearly trying not to chuckle. “I’ll bet you were a cute sheep.”
"I'll go take a look in the morning. You know the arrangement?"
“You gonna treat him right?” Bobby asked gruffly.
Claire held up a finger. “When dad saw I was up he made me help him because you got to where you couldn’t walk on your own. After you threw up the third time we dumped you onto the bed and started getting you undressed. Dad got your jacket and shirt off and I got your boots. He was trying to get your pants off when you yelled at him.”
Dean smiled, as Castiel knew he would. "Waffles."
Reaching up, he hit the record button and sat back again, trying to remember to look at the camera and not his husband. When they weren’t in conversation apparently that was appropriate. It helped that they were in a car. Honestly, he’d thought this whole recording while driving business would be a one-time-thing, but it was functional for their purposes, and they’d gotten enough of a positive response that Dean had chosen to do it this way again.
“You can. Benny, tell him.”
“Okay, that’s enough for today!” was his over-jovial announcement, smiling widely at the camera. “If you have any question requests, feel free to re-tweet or comment. Especially if they’re Thanksgiving or Christmas related, we’re going to try doing something for those too. Assuming Cas is game.”
Uneasy, he rolled his shoulders, trying to bring out his wings. Nothing. He tried again, but while they batted the air around him, they remained transparent.
Sam had offered to stay as long as he was needed, but he’d have to go home in August regardless. None of them minded, as crowded as the house was. Gabriel had always been the one by his side in the past, but he couldn’t blame his brother for only staying that first week. He had his own business to attend, and he could hardly be begrudged his sleep.
“Thanks. But I think you were worse about it than I was.”
He raised his hand, palm down, and began to curl his fingers. Naomi’s eyes bulged, glowing bright with her power as she scrambled, trying to use what was left to her to dislodge the stone. It wouldn’t budge. In fact it was starting to bear down. Something popped.
It took a few minutes, but eventually the creature was only double your average human height. They began walking forward, one purposeful step at a time, their voice going silent. Dean could feel every eye on him, his skin tingling, heart racing in his chest, but he couldn’t move. Wind still whipped through the warehouse, only aggravated by six, very agitated wings.
Dean grinned, offering him a mug of steaming coffee. Grudgingly Castiel sat up to take it, sitting in a cross-legged position to nurse the ambrosia. “I’m gonna introduce you and we’re going to do some basic Q&A. I already put out a poll yesterday for questions.”
“Lucifer or the kids?”
In short order he settled on the Three Stooges, and cranked the volume up. If it was too quiet he could still hear the low symphony of ominous squishes and crackling at his back that matched every single tug and twist. The less attention he could pay it right now, the better.
“You sure about that?”
"Guess so."
At first he thought the Demon wouldn’t answer. Then he muttered something, so quiet and rough Castiel missed it. The words still sent him into a brief coughing fit, a sound that made even the Angel wince.
“It was one of those that had a built-in VHS player, just to give you an idea,” Dean supplied.
Considering how strong it already was, they had to be close. It was odd. Normally the ones who got old enough to smell that strong were more careful. Angelic teleportation and demonic teleportation were two different things, but they could scope out where they touched down. Had he really gotten that good at concealing his grace?
“I’m just hoping we don’t run into anyone we actually know,” he sighed. “I think the only reason I’ve been able to do it up until now is because it’s easy to think of there being no audience.”
The hands that griped his hips didn't move him into position for a rough and ready start to their breeding process. Instead they flipped him onto his back, leaving him staring up into the flushed face of a blatantly aroused Alpha. Castiel could see the light of his own fire, burning in his eyes at the heightened instincts, reflected in the Alpha's own cornea's.
“Maybe. I didn’t tell you the details because I found it embarrassing, and…I didn’t want you to see me that way. Why do you think I’m so introverted? I’ve always been that way, I never saw the point in pretending I enjoyed something for the sake of blending in. I only went to that party because Gabriel thought it would be a good idea. He was sick, that’s why he wasn’t there. After that, it was as much about being safe as not seeing the point.”
“I was under the impression Demons didn’t get…attached.”
Her eyes narrowed to slits, and not because of the downpour. “You wouldn’t dare! Ungrateful whelp! You would kill your own mother?”
“Baby deserves better than concise,” his husband protested.
Then one day he’d been dragged from his half-asleep studying stupor when fingers that reeked of tobacco had gripped his chin, lifting it. He’d jerked away, telling the Alpha exactly what he could go do with himself. Castiel, who was crouching in front of him with a frown, had merely cocked his head to one side and asked, “Who hit you?”
He went back to the kitchen, munching on his sandwich as he went to work. He ground the fulgurite piece in a bowl, laid down the feather of a fairy atop the powder, then set a pot on the stove to start heating water. He’d forgotten the siren fangs would need boiling.
“Hardly.”
The Omega sipped his coffee, letting his eyes flick from one human to the other. Bobby and Ellen exchanged a look, a grim one. It seemed they’d been correct, at least where Dean’s parents were concerned.
“I wasn’t joking, barring an emergency you are not to set foot outside these walls until told otherwise, understood?”
“You’re not as sensitive as me, and you’re more inclined to be polite when you feel your boundaries are being crossed.”
Castiel paused, eyes narrowing slightly. “I left them alive, I removed traces of my presence, and I adjusted their memories. It would be less trouble. Hunters tend to keep track of their own, and I have no interest in involving myself with the Men of Letters.”
Dean would not have that protection, even if Gabriel was vouching for him. Castiel couldn’t bring himself to hand over his lover chained and unarmed. So he selected one of the newer weapons from the rack, staring at it before deciding it would do. Gabriel could always arrange for its return once Dean was safe in his home.
“I fell.”
He lurched to his feet, pacing the small bedroom slowly, raking a hand back through his hair. At a guess he had eight hours, perhaps less. Thankfully Angels weren’t humans, like the rest of his squadron Castiel had twenty-four hour shifts, and would only be off for twelve. Meaning he had time to work the remaining eight hours to break the curse, the only question was how he’d go about it. He hadn’t seen this curse in centuries. Last time had been when it had been laid on a group of Angels as retaliation for banishing a group of Fay back to their own world. They’d managed to save most of them, but not all.
“The sooner this is dealt with, the better.”
As he pouted, Balthazar huffed.
Benny glanced at Dean. All this philosophical babble wasn’t his thing even before he’d been separated from his head. But Dean only wore an oddly patient expression, as if he were long used to it this.
"Shit...gods you're so tight," he groaned. "So fucking good, so good for me."
Gabriel's face went slack, and he slumped back in his seat.
For a brief moment excitement flickered over his face, though it faded just as quickly. "What about you? Sam and Gabriel won't get back from that poltergeist gig until tomorrow, at least."
Castiel had tensed at the word ‘bomb’, but before he could start to relax Dean wrapped a hand covered in warm goo around his cock. His breath hitched, wings twitching, as much at the sight as the sensation. No one besides him had handled his penis before, not since he’d become an Angel. None of the objects of his affection had ever progressed, never mind come this far.
“He’s developing too quickly, we didn’t anticipate this.”
“Taking full advantage, got it.”
Evergreen eyes regarded him steadily. Then, to Castiel's dismay, the Alpha raised his crossbow again. "Really. And how would you know, if you're really a local?"
“Yes, I think I’ve made that clear.”
One of the leading factors to Gabriel’s declining popularity was his recent choice in life-mate. As far as he knew Demons didn’t take mates, only lovers. Angels did, but they often chose to wait until they were no longer going into battle regularly. No other Archangel had taken a mate, just the occasional lover, which was the source of much commotion to say the least. Gabriel had been one of them, until he’d managed to snag a Knight of Hell for interrogation. Few people knew why or how things had ended the way they did, but Castiel was one of them. He was also rather fond of Gabriel’s mate. He didn’t like this one asking after him.
Once his wounds had been seen to Sam brought over the Omega's robe, which Gabriel was pleased to discover was fresh from the dryer. He hummed happily as his Alpha wrapped him in it and gathered him up, carrying him bridle style into the living room.
“Mmm? Oh. My bee boxes.”
He pondered a moment, then, “I don’t think he’ll send handlers.”
“Is this why you’re late?”
"I'm not, just tell me the truth."
When he turned, barely breathing hard, Abaddon was clapping slowly, a delighted smile on her face.
“You sure?”
The door dinged a short distance away as someone else came into the store. Aside from a clerk engrossed in a magazine it had been otherwise empty until now. Castiel felt his mate stiffen at the noise, the reminder they were still in public.
“I shouldn’t have to begin with.”
Castiel scowled at him. “I take it you never had to endure such travesties?”
Rather than let him go, Castiel found himself pulled back around. He had every intention of following through on his warning, his blade even dropped into his palm, but before he could begin to raise his weapon the Demon had fisted both hands in his lapels and yanked him forward a step. He stumbled, foot bracing once it touched down, only for his entire body to go ridged, freezing from head to toe.
Castiel decided to begin with the media collections. He took his time, working through newfangled DVD's and the more familiar vinyl. The former was far more diverse than the latter, which seemed to primarily consist of classic rock music. Eventually he did select an old Western he had a vague memory of seeing at a drive-in once upon a time, many moons ago when Clint Eastwood's career was still in its infancy. In reacquainting himself with the film he also figured out this new media system. The picture was far better than he remembered, and the sound seemed to come from all around the room. He'd known about the media advances before he left the human world with some degree of permanence, but he hadn't kept up with them. There had been far too many other things to occupy his fascinations.
The Angel gladly met them. The first to reach him had their strike ducked, and Castiel grabbed their wrist to redirect the momentum so they stabbed themselves in the gut. They went down, hitting the dirt even as Castiel met the second Demon. He grabbed their wrist before they could do more than raise it, jamming his blade up into their skull under their jaw, yanking it out and shoving the corpse back into the third Demon, pivoting around them to face a very surprised Demon number four. That one died with the shocked look on their face.
Dean blinked. “Seriously?”
“Yeah. Twenty questions?”
"But why wouldn't he tell me?"
“But by then it might be too late.”
It was Sam's turn to frown, eyeing the Omega leaning back against their front door. "Did something happen?"
“It seemed prudent. You were growing on me and I didn’t know when we would both be able to get away enough for another meeting.”
The Angel was jolted out of his doze when fingers brushed over his feathers. It was a light touch, one that could honestly be called gentle. Even so, Castiel recoiled. Though they were as able as a third set of limbs, strong and nimble, Angels were a bit touchy in people making contact with them. He folded them firmly to his back, turning to frown sleepily at Dean.
“I require no aid. If I do I will send for you.”
Dean got out the remaining groceries, shoving the trunk shut and climbing back up the steps. He was almost to the top when the gratingly familiar voice of Ms. Johnson reached his ears. "Yoo-hoo! Can I speak with you?"
“Oh great.” Dean, who’d also stopped, sounded more inconvenienced than anything else.
“What’s wrong with that? It’s more efficient and you still know what I mean.”
"2019."
John pushed his plate aside, which the Omega found odd. He'd been able to watch the older Alpha through several windows as those two hours had gone by. John had been here the whole time, and Castiel had seen this plate come to him over an hour ago. One of many traits that came with the Winchester name was a hearty appetite, and while their diet varied none of them ever left food on a plate. This one had just been picked at.
John’s mouth twitched in a smile. “Yeah. You two bicker like an old married couple, you know that?”
“No, no, gloating’s the best part,” chided a djinn. “Besides, it’s not like he’s going to be around to tell anyone.”
Castiel was careful to stay out of the shot, watching his elder brother as he leaned up against the house, taking a drag from his cigarette. He wished he wouldn’t smoke, but he’d been making strides since Ruby was born. One pack a day had been whittled down to an as-needed basis.
“Yes,” Castiel stated stiffly, staring down his mother.
"What are we going to do now?"
He folded his wings to his back, pinning his legs together and his arms to his sides, plunging headfirst. The wind whistled around him as the Angel dropped like a stone, plummeting back towards earth. Not necessary, but exhilarating. It was also a way to keep battle skills sharp. More than one Angel he’d known had died because they hadn’t kept themselves up on these softer postings.
Dean raised his eyebrows, but went to set Henry in the plastic seat strapped to a kitchen chair. He waited until the Omega was bringing plates to the table to ask in a low voice, "We get a call?"
Maybe he would have argued, but…peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Castiel hesitated for only a moment before picking up the topmost PB&J. He took a bite, chewing slowly. Mmm, he’d even gotten the ratio right.
“I suppose it depends on who the names belong to, and who they inform to. It can be a delicate process.”
Dean Winchester, for all his internet fame, was a bit shyer in person. He was the sort of person who hated being called out at his own birthday parties. Even so he was handling the attention rather well. Grinning for selfies, answering the most repeated questions, even signing what looked suspiciously like homework assignments with mechanical pencils.
“Good enough.” He let out his fangs for good measure. Yep, everything seemed to be in working order. Everything as intact as the day he’d died, more in fact, considering his head was attached. “So, what now?”
Rather than answer verbally, Castiel braced a hand above his lover’s head, bending to nuzzle his horns while his free hand began to stroke Dean’s cock. He did try to be slow about it, learning which motions pleased him and which did not. He did have to get some of the lube on that hand so as not to hurt him, but after that it went well. Very well. In moments Dean was whimpering and writhing and bucking below him as both his member and his horns were lavished with attention. Castiel kissed and nuzzled and mouthed the bony outcroppings, only licking them occasionally, flicking his tongue over them, but the results were undeniable.
“Thank you,” the Alpha told him wryly. “I thought you’d be happy. I know you hate them.”
"Eleven. You were cute, all gawky limbs and big blue eyes. Knew you'd be a heartbreaker when you grew up. So who's this poor bastard you got hitched to?"
"Dad, look! My tooth came out, see?" River announced proudly.
The Omega sat cross-legged next to the human, moving his head and shoulders into his lap. As he'd done three times in the past Castiel laid a hand on either side of his face, bracing the heels of his hands against his temples and wrapping fingers around his jaw. This was a part of the breeding process. Once they were old enough every will-o'-the-wisp knew this. He knew how to make it quick and clean, painless even if the Alpha in question wasn't in a magically drug-induced slumber.
“Dude.”
"And that's our cue," Sam stated, voice huskier than usual. When Castiel peeked over his mate's shoulder it was in time to see Gabriel get dumped over Sam's shoulder to be carried to their bedroom. This wasn't something his cousin seemed too upset about.
“Huh? Oh. In a second.” Dean was already sticking his hand into a bowl with one of those mechanical hands attached, which would lower down whenever you did just that. A groan intoned from the bowl as he yanked his hand back out, moving on to an old-fashioned rotary phone. He dialed a few numbers, then lifted the receiver.
Dean grimaced. "I don't wanna talk about it. Let's just say the human school system is screwed all to hell."
“What sort of curse did they put on you?”
“I have no preference at current, no. That might change after I have some experience in the matter.” He couldn’t take his eyes off the hand moving behind the Demon’s back. Was that rude of him?
“You’re never on time for anything.”
“Uh, yeah. I haven’t told anyone, but there’s a few people who’re gonna want some answers. Where you came from. Where they came from. Why they don’t have their vaccinations. It’d just be doctors and family, but…it’s up to you.”
“You and me both,” Dean agreed.
“Nope. More like half a million. Two-hundred thousand and sixty hits,” Dean corrected. “Between the followers, subscribers, shares, re-tweets, and various media platforms, yeah.”
“Traitor,” they were hissing, lip curling in disgust, glaring at the Knight through black eyes. “Since when do you fight on the side of the Angels?”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “Your own kind did this?”
He pondered that as he stowed the list, glancing over to see his husband wearing an equally thoughtful expression. He’d helped Dean choose these, but things had been so busy lately he honestly hadn’t thought about the answer much. Even though he hadn’t had class this week he’d been scrambled to get done everything he hadn’t been able to until now.
“Oh. Shit. He ain’t in heat, is he?”
of hers were. They promised. But now she was starting to get worried. Per usual Papa had shown up a little early to help Ms. Johnson set up. He and Kevin's mom were always the ones to do things, so that was expected. But more parents were coming through the door, and almost everyone was here by now. She'd said her Dad was going to come today, and they were expecting him. Very few Alphas had come to class parties and Dad was supposed to be one of them.
Dean arched his eyebrows. “Stick around, I’ve got a kid brother even bigger than I am. Come on in.” He stepped back, opening the door wider. Castiel stepped over the threshold, drawing his daughter with him. “You hungry?”
“I have no idea when that might be.”
Hannah shouted.
The hand drifting down his side slid around his stomach, pressing to his lower belly. He was nearly to three months now, and while it wasn't blatant yet his stomach was starting to harden a bit. If he were any thinner it would be rounding out already. Last night he remembered the Alpha paying an interesting amount of attention to that part of his anatomy, taking the time to virtually worship his growing belly and the white scars already marking his hips and waist.
He grimaced, nursing his own drink. “We’ve been busy. And we have done videos.”
Sam Winchester had not been taken out of convenience. He had been a target. For all he and Dean were some of the newest Knights of Hell among the ranks, they’d made names for themselves. Princes of Hell were mostly dispersed by this point, preferring their own pastimes. Only two were active in a combat capacity, Asmodeus and Azazel. That being said, among his fellow ranking Angels, Castiel knew the names of those you least wanted to face in the battlefield. Abandon, even though she was older, was preferable. Castiel had had the distinct displeasure of facing both Azazel and Asmodeus on separate occasions. Frankly one was a disappointment and the other was a predictable fanatic easily outmaneuvered. No, the two leaders you least wanted to face were the brothers Winchester. They were brutal, fearless. Worse, they were smart. The sort of Demons who led their soldiers from the front with war cries in their throats and weapons in their hands. While most leaders, especially Princes and Knights, treated their soldiers as expendable, they did not.
If Naomi thought she would get away with attacking Gabriel, she was wrong. It chilled him, knowing why she’d turned such force on her own son. It was one thing, to lash out in the heat of the moment, but premeditation just seemed all the worse. Maybe it was because he was her prodigy and Gabriel had always been the troublemaker, it was easier to turn on him. Somehow Castiel doubted he’d intentionally told her without an audience to play witnesses, knowing it was as good as offering himself up on a platter. No son, no body, no crime, no penalty.
he thought, dazed, as he dragged himself upright. He should have known. Angels might dally with them, but on their own time and at their own risk. Obviously Uriel would make use of them, it certainly explained some his odder victories over the years.
Dean pondered this for a moment.
“Did something happen to your birth parents?”
Dean’s eyes narrowed slightly. “He here to ask permission or something?”
Reluctantly Castiel pulled off the covers, giving his shoulder a gentle shake. “Dean. Wake up.”
“You wear jeans and t-shirts,” Castiel protested. “I don’t think that counts as an evolved sense of fashion.”
His thumb brushed absently over a full lip before he could stop himself. Dean Winchester, the Alpha who offered kindness to an Omega he didn't know. Who made love to them even in the throes of a rut, who made sure he had enough to eat and drink rather than merely sating his own hunger and thirst. Who had hundreds of freckles and evergreen eyes. Who had the ability to communicate an incredibly tender level of intimacy with a kiss and a gaze.
“Listen to me you undead blood junkie,” Dean warned turning hard eyes on him. “I’m the one with the mojo. I’m the one with the plan.” Turning his attention back to the angel he continued, “Cas, we’re gonna shove your ass back through the eye of that needle if it kills all three of us.”
Dean paused, then asked, “Seriously?”
"What the hell?"
“If you were still human, you would hardly be such a complicated case.” He handed over the soup, hoping it would at least stem the flow of conversation.
She had still been fussing when that nurse had passed her over, but quieted as her father held her. Whatever objections to her mother that might have been made were quickly removed when she discovered he was a food source, latching almost as fast as Charlie had. Dean hovered by his head, one hand stroking sweat-slick hair, that purring rumble deep in his chest. Castiel turned into it, lids heavy. He’d like to blame the drugs for how drowsy he was, he’d never slept so easily so quickly after giving birth, but he knew that wasn’t right. Even in a Haven under Tessa’s care, he’d never felt as safe as he did now. For now his instincts were at peace, though likely that would change soon enough. His pup was here, she was safe, and she was eating well. His Alpha was by his side, Dean wouldn’t let anything happen to them. He was safe. His pup was safe. He could rest. Just for now, he could rest.
Dean pecked his lips softly, reluctantly drawing him away. "You complaining?"
"Yeah. It's....I almost dropped a muffler on my foot, Cas."
"Is he sleeping?"
“Why?”
“I dunno,” he admitted, scrubbing his face wearily. “He’s legit, I’m sure about that. He’s definitely gonna have limits, but…if he can make nice with Sam too, I guess I’ll go.”
“You and me?”
“So am I.” Dean’s eyes had been damp when he’d stepped back, gripping him by the shoulders. “You sure you’re good?”
Castiel looked down at the hand that was palming his crotch, then back up into dilating green eyes. He hadn’t thought to take stock of…
"To keep his mouth shut, which he did a damn good job of until today. You didn't need this shit. You two weren't trying for one, and you don't need to."
“I’ll take care of it.”
“I don’t…I don’t know.” The words sounded quiet in his own ears. “It…was an accident.”
“Yes. If memory serves it was the first time you called me your boyfriend without prompting,” Castiel recalled, smiling. “It was sweet. Though it would have been sweeter if I hadn’t found out until after the fact you drove halfway across the country primarily so you wouldn’t have to fly.”
“Aww, come on. Already?”
“What?”
“I did not die via a sexually transmitted disease,” Castiel bit out. “Though it would not surprise me if you did, if this is your attitude.”
"Shower sex."
“Oh gods I hope so,” Castiel sighed, turning his head to kiss the human. “I’d like lots of reasons to be very busy. It will be that much easier for me to stay put, and isn’t that what you want? For me to stay where a strong Slayer can protect me and my kits?”
“You’re not one of the nuts,” Dean protested.
Chiding himself for expecting anything more, Castiel left him. He discarded the potion, cleaned his hand, stowed the remaining ingredients, then stepped outside the cabin. He reached out both palms, grace flaring briefly in his eyes as a Devil’s Trap etched itself into the ground around the cabin.
Alpha. When he didn't spot Dean right away, he sent a careful inquiry through the tie, projecting a soft but firm,
Just when he’d thought he’d had all the headaches it was reasonable for a person to have in their lifetime. Dean groaned softly, shifting, then froze. He wasn’t in bed. He wasn’t at a desk either, or on his couch. This alone was a tipoff, but the headache faded very quickly. Just as quickly as that drug had kicked in.
“I got lucky.”
“What kind?”
“I don’t think so. How is that of import?”
“Yes.”
But he’d deal with that later. He still had a good deal of time before he was expected back with the rest of his squadron. Tossing his coat over the back of an armchair, Castiel started searching drawers and cabinets. In truth he wasn’t expecting to find much, considering the hermit had been a lifelong bachelor.
Castiel lingered on the tree line, which stood a hundred feet from the house. It was dark, but not too late, the moon barely rising. Lights were on inside the house. He could see inside a few windows, but the ones looking into a warm kitchen held his attention. One rectangular window was positioned over a sink, larger ones around an area with a kitchen table.
Dean paused, frowning. “Bobby? Why not?”
“We’d been doing and doing for over a month at that point. We were beat,” Dean admitted. “So we spent the last two weeks of our time off putting our feet up and leaving the house as little as possible.”
"I can't, Dean."
“I will consider it,” Castiel relented grudgingly, adjusting his coat around his shoulders. “Return to the cabin.”
Dean gently tugged and nudged, guiding Castiel into lying on his stomach. He then lurched upright, sluggishly crawling over until he was perched on the Angel’s lower back. Before Castiel could ask, warm fingers began to brush through the feathers nearest the main bone. Initially Castiel went rigid, unaccustomed to that. It was the one body part he had which Dean had more or less left alone until now. But unlike every other time before when someone had tried to preen him, it felt…
Feeling heat rise to his face Castiel stated, “You weren’t the only one who was sleep deprived.” He hesitated, then asked, “Are you going to edit that out?”
The human made a face, dragging himself to his feet. “You’re welcome.”
He was so focused on the bee, having every intention of trailing it to a hive to figure out where it was, that he jumped when someone asked, “Uh, hey?”
“No, no, it ain’t that,” the Omega protested.
Still panting, Charlie didn’t bother trying to shout this far from the house. Instead she put out a sharp,
“How do you do that?”
Castiel tilted his head, waiting.
“Nope.”
“Give it a second, Cas. How is it you’re the one who grew up in Illinois, but you’re the one that’s cold?”
“Where’s the angel?”
“Are you alright?” he asked as Hannah collapsed, coughing.
“No, not too tired,” Dean rasped. “Please, Jimmy,
“I don’t know,” Castiel whimpered, writhing under a hot tongue and lone, taunting finger. “Never had an Alpha before. Got horny sometimes, sure, but…
“Are you okay?” Hazel asked, frowning.
He had set down the small bag of various cards when he turned in time to see Dean take the cover off the first dish. Castiel froze, trench coat off one shoulder. “You made tortellini?”
“We knew going in it’d be more work, and it wouldn’t look the same. But I think part of our mistake was going out to this place where you could cut the trees down yourself. I nearly lost a thumb when we were doing that part.”
“Burgers. I ain’t picky, but these are the best.”
When John didn’t protest, Castiel carefully perched on the couch at Dean’s side. He waited in silence, which stretched on a bit as they focused on drinking their respective cups of coffee. Eventually Dean cleared his throat an asked, “Was there something you wanted to talk about or did you just want to sit around taking up space?”
“When was this decided?” Castiel whispered, staring at him.
“A minor fault in an otherwise perfectly awesome car,” Dean defended.
Dean turned, then froze when he saw Gabriel holding up the missing spark plug. "How did you..."
Smiling, Castiel reached up to turn off the camera. It took a little bribery on his part, getting Dean to help with the decorating, but he did like the results. Their house had been ranked in the top three these last years when judges came around to rank Christmas lights. He was quite proud of that accomplishment.
"I have a horde," Castiel agreed. "It's half a mile from here. Come, I'll show you."
He wasn’t sure what to think when Dean actually seemed to think about this. Then he sighed, glancing down at himself. “I guess it’d be warmer. Fine. I thought Angels didn’t care.”
Not that he would be telling Bobby. Bobby nor Jody could ever know about these escapades, few as they were. He only did it because he felt he had to, and he was lucky enough to have awesome friends who understood. Charlie was currently at home, behind a computer, where she kicked ass. Benny was outside, keeping an eye on the lone guard station, keeping Dean up to date. His phone was tucked in his pocket, on a conference call between the three of them, streaming everything directly to wireless earbuds stuffed into his ears. Modern technology at its finest.
Not that he was given a choice in the matter, but he gladly took it. Castiel took his time, stroking the Omega’s throat through his orgasm. When he withdrew Dean was dripping tears and saliva and somehow it was still more of a turn-on than a turn-off. Especially when the Alpha patted his cheek, moving back down to thrust back into his soaked and stretched hole.
Silence rang in her ears. No one spoke. Swallowing thickly, Charlie raised her head from where it had been buried in Dean’s chest. The Alpha slowly loosened the arms wrapped around her, looking down and making sure she was okay. His own face was ashen, an unsteady hand pressing to her cheek before he twisted to look back at Naomi.
"I'm sorry. I need to talk to you both."
“Bingo.”
Castiel blinked at him owlishly. Angels had quarters, of course, and with rank and promotions came larger and more lavish options. Many had apartments or houses after the first century or so. “I did. I didn’t spend much of my leave time in Heaven. But after I saved my last commander’s life they gave me a house. I don’t use it much. Gabriel has a key so he can use an extra kitchen if need be. It would likely be in disrepair by now, if cleaners didn’t come by.”
“What’re you talking about? Son of a
The Alpha slammed a hand down on the dresser, back to his mate. Castiel wasn't meeting his eyes as it was, which seemed to make his broiling temper worse. The only thing that kept him from blowing up, yelling like his father and brother downstairs, was the chill he felt at realizing he was fighting the honest urge to strangle Castiel. He'd never lay a hand on him in anger, but this was the first time he was tempted.
"I love you, Dean," the Omega mumbled, cobalt eyes glazed over. "I won't lie to you anymore. Please don't be angry."
"You don't lie very well. And you don't like doing it."
“A healing takes it out of you, I was
"No shit. See you this afternoon?"
“More?” Castiel protested, interrupting him. “I agreed to one video, Dean, not a series.”
It took an odd route to get back out of the expansive house, including sidling along one wall and walking across a few couches that probably cost more than his rent, but Charlie swore it was the best route to avoid cameras and leave the least amount of trace. At least once he was out of the collection room the last lock he had to turn back was the kitchen door. It wasn’t even that heavily guarded, not like the mahogany front door with its alarms and three different bolts. Honestly, if it was to his advantage Dean might get some serious milage out of this particular degree of foolishness. Fortunately for his targets, he needed to stay under the radar.
“Never really explained all that before,” the Alpha murmured, resting their foreheads together. “You sure? I mean, I’m not…are you
“Of course. You’re not in peak condition yet.”
“What?” Dean asked tiredly, trudging towards the kitchen. He still wore his coveralls from work, tossing his jacket over a chair as he went to get a beer.
Castiel had never opened his mouth to utter a word to an Alpha. To make noises of pleasure, to encourage them on, but never to communicate with words. He had no intention of changing that now. For all the Alpha's pleading tone made him consider it briefly.
"So we were still working on a vengeful ghost gig up in Charleston. You sent us to take care of it while you and Cas made sure the ghost was gone. It took a week before you came down to meet us. You told us that it wasn't gone, it was attached to something else that you had to salt and burn."
“Nothing that would damage it,” Castiel promised, pressing a hand to his cheek briefly. “I see things are going well.”
“Mph.” Dean shrugged away his hand and burrowed deeper into the sheets. “Go ‘way, Cas.”
Castiel shrugged uncomfortably. “I enjoy being a part of the process.”
For her part, the witch seemed completely unimpressed. “I said, that’s rich coming from a dragon. You people hoard precious metals, gems, bits of beauty from all over the world. No one is more showy than you. Besides, if you just kill him his spirit will still be floating around somewhere, or be reachable. You don’t want that. That’s why we’re all here, to make sure he gets tossed into the Empty, where he belongs.”
“I’m not oblivious,” Castiel protested, offended. “I’m very observant.”
"When have I ever forgotten the pie?" Sam protested.
“You’re a real optimist, ain’t you?”
Ears pricking, Castiel course-corrected, eyes narrowing. He kept a lid on his grace, in case he hadn’t been noticed yet, hoping it would make a difference. It was something of a toss-up, whether your enemy was among those who’d put effort into picking up on angelic presence even if their grace was airtight, but you never knew.
"Wanna hear you," Dean growled, nipping along one bare shoulder. "Never hide from me, got that?"
Deciding to take advantage of the moment before the next wave hit, Castiel turned his attention to the entirety of the figure blow him. He began with the human's face. Fingertips delicately tracing his brow, his forehead, stroking his hair, caressing his cheekbones. Somewhere between brushing his lips and tracing his nose evergreen eyes snapped closed, the Alpha's breath shuttering in his chest. Castiel felt his cock twitching, but opted to ignore it for now.
The Omega was brushing snow off Samandriel’s jeans when he heard the door swing open.
“Then you don’t know the job,” Dean informed him. “Part of the job is knowing when to make a judgement call. This is one of them. It ain’t all black and white. Besides, neither of you were the guys who brought me in. No one brought me in, no one discussed terms, no one discussed payment. No discussion, no deal. So you chuckleheads don’t have anything to be bitching about.”
As she watched Dean threw the car into gear and stated, “Hold on.”
"Why would it?" Dean demanded, still bristling.
As Castiel touched down he greeted, “Thank you for coming, brother.”
Castiel brought the stack of pizza boxes inside, pushing the door closed and setting them on a free stretch of counter. He was in the process of looking for plates when he heard, “You got pizza?”
“A human, an
“No, but I thought you might. And it really will help.” Sam opened the grease-stained bag, pulling out a still-warm burrito and pressing it into Dean’s free hand. “Here. I’ll put on some coffee. Did you sleep at all last night?”
"They're a package deal."
Beverages distributed, Castiel made to return to the kitchen.
“Well, for one thing I doubt they will all be in your employ when you return to full strength.”
Castiel pursed his lips, staring into the pot of soup. “Nothing with current currency.”
“I get it, trust me. And that kind answers the next question too, ‘Who likes to sleep in?’”
Dean raked a hand back through his hair, wincing as it tugged his stitches. “Forget it. We’ll talk about this later.”
He turned away without waiting for an answer, turning his attention to the binder opened onto the seat portion of his own, thus far unburdened buggy. Rather than answer right away, Castiel came up behind him and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, pressing his lips to his neck. "I'll make you a deal," he murmured, dropping his voice an octave. "If you can walk out of here without paying a penny over thirty dollars, I'm going to....
Once downstairs Dean found two extra sub sandwiches in the fridge. He had Castiel eat one while he loaded up the binder and added the new coupons to it, running a few quick calculations to compensate for the addition. He had a list that detailed what he'd be getting, how many of each item he'd be getting, and exactly how much the total for them should be. He didn't even seem mad that Castiel had made him rewrite part of it.
“Why am I just now hearing about this?”
“It’s certainly not as difficult as you would have people think. Gabriel and I were obligations, mother, a duty to be carried out. The only part of this that’s difficult for you is the blow to your pride.”
"You expect me to believe that?"
Going around to get back into the Impala, Castiel asked, “What do you think?”
Castiel cleared his throat. “He prefers Gabriel, actually.”
Mom was frozen, staring at them still, but he looked utterly relieved. Meanwhile Grandmother and everyone else was gaping at them with odd expressions. Some just looked stunned. Others were horrified. Most seemed to be doing both at the same time.
“No. Considering your warning I find this to be a surprise.” Not entirely a lie. He really had expected to encounter more before now.
Seriously, just plug WKRP Turkey Drop into YouTube. It's hilarious.
Castiel’s lips twitched, but he opted to keep his commentary on that subject to himself. This wasn’t exactly true, but then one of the first things they’d agreed on was keeping their intimate life behind an ironclad door. For the day-to-day purposes Dean’s statement was accurate enough.
"Yes. They've done so before. It's rare, but sometimes it does happen. I never understood why until now."
Her ears flicked forward then back, then she nickered softly, bumping his chest.
“Maybe.”
Up the winding staircase they went, feet pounding on hardwood in the otherwise silent house. As soon as they burst through the door of Castiel's bedroom Dean was on him, yanking him into a kiss and jamming his back against the wall. The Omega gave in with a mewl, returning the desperate kiss and tugging at his clothes.
“Why?” the dragon asked, head tilting to one side.
Hazel watched Bela scuttle over to her desk, getting her stuff and cramming them into her backpack. Tomorrow was the last day, when they’d take all there things home, but nothing really happed otherwise. It was supposed to be a fun day, and not everyone came. Hazel felt a little sorry Bela would miss tomorrow, Ms. Johnson was going to bring cupcakes, and they were going to play games all morning, then watch a movie in the afternoon. Why was Ms. Talbot making her miss it? She’d been the one who’d been bad, not Bela, which was a change.
“One step at a time,” Castiel agreed.
“Very good,” Castiel agreed, beaming.
“It’s not my fault there’s multiple good ones,” Castiel protested.
The Omega blinked a few times, head tilting a little, eyes narrowing. "You don't smoke."
“I’m concealing my grace.”
“Very well. Castiel, we will extend to you an offer that will allow you to escape banishment. You and your younglings will be allowed to stay however long you wish, but you must remain in this Haven for ten human years under house arrest after. In exchange for this great mercy, all you have to do is rectify your mistake.” Nodding towards Dean, she ordered, “Kill him. Now. Where my grandchildren can see how Alphas are meant to be dealt with.”
“Mom,” Gabriel croaked. “Made the mistake of not telling her in public, like you did.”
Before anyone else could ask questions, he grabbed Dean’s shoulder and teleported them to a parking lot. The one outside the park where the nearest gate to Heaven resided. Once they landed, Dean turned to him, a sheepish look on his face.
"That's correct."
“How come you don’t like them?” Normally she’d stay out of such things, but she didn’t understand, and she didn’t like not understanding things. Dad said she got that from Papa. Besides, she wasn’t in danger, not behind Dad. He was more dangerous than Ms. Talbot.
As for their host, Castiel got the impression that only Dean’s having saved his life and a lot of property damage got them an audience the same day they arrived. As things were they’d passed over the drawbridge midmorning, and at an hour after sunset were just now sitting down with the man. At least they’d had time to rest, wash up, and unpack. They’d also had ample time this afternoon for Dean to refresh his scent and claim on his mate, which Castiel had enjoyed thoroughly.
Uriel chuckled, a knowing smile on his face. “Enjoying the perks of rank, brother?”
He stepped back, watching as Dean went to work, washing and prepping it for whatever dish he was currently working on. It looked spicy. It certainly smelled it. Just sticking his nose above the boiling pot had his eyes watering.
“No, just…taking a break. I don’t think we’ll figure anything out now that we haven’t all day. I’ve got other shit going on, I can’t keep banging my head against a wall. You shouldn’t be either.”
The Omega didn't answer right away. He took a step forward, then another, until he could reach up to lay a hand on Dean's face. He felt more than heard the human's breath hitch. When he brushed a thumb under one eye he heard a thunk as the pistol slid from numb fingers.
Castiel ignored him, returning to the task of assembling new exercises for his squadron. He took part himself, of course. You had to set an example, plus he didn’t want to let himself slide either.
Tessa stopped a safe distance away, smiling tightly
Castiel grimaced. He wasn't so foolish as to think Dean wouldn't notice the various scratches acquired running through foliage, the shallow gashes on his left forearm where the wendigo had grabbed at him before it had erupted into flames. Now his mate studied the wounds, scabbed over after several days of healing, a scowl on his face.
Despite efforts to leave sooner, it was still near to sunrise when Castiel left the Alpha's home. When he stood on Dean's back porch the Alpha surprised him, if in a pleasant way. They were lingering, the Omega stalling his own departure. He didn't realize how close they were standing until a crooked finger tipped his chin up, and soft lips brushed his own. Castiel's breath caught, but he didn't pull away. Assured he was willing, the next kiss was longer, deeper. As was the next one, then the next. Castiel's head swam, marveling at how kissing out of a heat was still very enjoyable.
He looked away, eyes over bright. The sorrowful look didn't seem to fit on the dragon's face, and Dean decided he didn't like having it there. He reached down, gently gripping his chin to bring it up and around. Castiel blinked damp eyes rapidly, surprise flickering among the bitter sorrow as their lips brushed together.
"What happened this time?" he demanded, trying to wedge himself between the two of them, his back to Sam.
“You wanna think about that for a minute? You’re no speedster yourself.”
“You sure?”
Castiel stood by, watching the shorter Archangel with triple layered wings standing between two tall Knights of Hell. Hopefully Dean would listen to them, or his promise would be tempting enough for him to keep his mouth shut long enough to slog through processing. Ideally he’d skip the questioning process, which Sam hadn’t been spared, but he might have to go through an hour or two of truth serum. It wouldn’t be any worse than that, Gabriel had given his word.
Honestly. He might as well be delirious with fever for all the sense he made. Castiel paced away from the cabin, wings bristling at his back. It was cooler out here, at least, which helped.
“You have questions.”
Castiel glanced at Dean’s hands in the light of a passing streetlamp. His fingers had gone tight on the wheel, knuckles white. He thought about assuring him, but then decided against it. Instead he asked, “You mentioned we would need a cover story?”
“Really? Might take a few rounds. You up for that?”
To their credit, aside from the initial teasing they kept the conversation away from all things soulmate related, doing a good job of distracting him. It had been a while since they’d all hung out together. They still made time, but outside of school and work and heists and trying to function as adults as a whole, it seemed to shrink more every year. Just like Dean hadn’t been home since New Year’s. He saw Bobby at work, obviously, and Sam came by his apartment whenever he pleased, but outside of holidays he didn’t often cross Lawrence to go home.
Castiel hesitated on the ratty welcome mat, glancing down at the load in his arms. After a moment's hesitation he decided not to bother shifting the stack of papers and instead jammed the doorbell with his elbow. A moment later the door was opened by a shaggy haired teen whose eyes immediately dropped to his armful, mouth twisting in a wry smile.
“Curiosity.”
“It was only a few times. You remembered the list?”
"Bingo. Mom only had us out of a sense of duty, especially after her first born turned out to be as interesting as me. He might be her favorite, but I love the little bastard. Not to mention he's given me three going on four adorable nephews and nieces. I'd like to keep them all happy and healthy if it's all the same to you. If that means covering for him while he runs off with a human, fine. I'd just like to be sure it's a human worth running off with."
Dean gave them a few second’s glance, then looked back up at the beast before him. He didn’t appear to be dying a painful death, not that he really noticed. He found himself mesmerized, which he felt was fully justified.
Castiel sighed, leaning back in his seat. Trust Dean to be suspicious. "Gabriel is many things, not all of them good, but he was the only family member I regretted never seeing again. I trust him, if that's what you're asking."
"Yes, it looks dislocated. Damn it Dean, I said don't move."
At that Castiel just offered him an incredulously raised eyebrow.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “You’ve got a spell for that?”
Charlie balked.
“Foolish, arrogant Demon!” Castiel erupted. Later he would again wonder why he was as angry as if one of his younger soldiers had made a foolhardy risk, but right now his main focus was on not crushing the pretty flower in his anger.
It was the Angel’s term to blink. “What did you just call me?” Now that he thought about it, Dean had called him that before, but he’d been to upset over the Devil’s Trap at the time to notice.
"Won't work until I go off the birth control," the Omega gasped as his pants and underwear were pulled off at once. "And heat suppressants."
Castiel looked up at the sharp demand, absently munching on his last slice of olive and extra cheese pizza. “’Well’ what?”
"Yeah. This is just the first acceptance letter. Dad got to it first."
“Not to you. To other people.”
Immediately he threw his grace out, searching, probing. He hadn’t picked up on demonic traces, but he did notice the tiniest blip of nothing. No Demon, but nothing that should be there either. One of the tricks he’d picked up over the years to help pinpoint both Angels and Demons that were concealing themselves
“That was perfect,” Dean promised, stepping over to put an arm around her shoulders. Hanna smiled shyly, still a bit flustered at the idea of being on a YouTube video, reaching up to pat the hand on her arm.
After relaying the incident led by Krissy, Castiel took a sip of his wine and stated, “I am very grateful you made this meal, and I’m enjoying the evening you took the time to arrange. But the last time you prepared this outside of a designated special occasion was after my Cadillac died.”
“Ms. Talbot, either leave or I’ll call the resource officer.”
"Cas," he mumbled weakly. "I don't...feel....so.....”
That earned him a raised brow. “Back to Cas now?”
“Can I come back with you tonight?” his brother blurted. “Please?”
“What did he say?”
“One’s being put out. Like a beacon.”
Great. Now if they could just make it to that escape hatch in one piece, it’d all be worth it.
As relieved as he was they’d finally made progress, Benny found himself doing a double take when they were face-to-face with the angel. He hung back, watching with a mix of surprise and satisfaction as Dean called, “Cas?”
“Monday.”
“Not as much now as I was then,” he admitted, going back to work, if slowly. “Don’t ask me about dates, but I was born around the time one of those inquisitions was picking up steam. I was the first son of a peasant, who was the son of a peasant, and so on. I was born dirt, I was always gonna be dirt, and if I had any kids they were gonna be dirt too. I had two brothers and a sister. Mom died having the last of ‘em. Dad was a drunk, had to hide any coin we managed to get together. It only got worse as they started cracking down on us. Dad bolted, left us in this crap town with the questioners coming through. I don’t remember much, but I remember that real clear. Enough people knew what I was, what my sister was, on top of us being protestant. No way we were getting out alive and in one piece.”
The Omega grimaced at that. “He’s hovering. That’s it. Cas is fine.”
"No."
No sooner had the words left his mouth than he noticed what Castiel was now staring at. He hesitated, but then reluctantly pulled Baby into the parking spot outside their room. The one John was now standing in front of, arms folded, face set in a frown. A sheepish looking Sam was at his side. Dean glanced at his watch. So much for the standard four hours. The sun was just barely starting to peek up over the horizon, yet here John stood, as bright eyed and bushy tailed as it was physically possible for him to be.
It was well passed dark when the first movie ended. By that time they'd gone through a lot of pizza and nearly a dozen chocolate chip cookies, made from a stash of dough Dean kept in the freezer so the homemade treats could be produced on demand. They stayed on the couch, sipping milk and nibbling for hours after Bilbo's adventure had put on hold. It never ceased to amaze Castiel, how long could be spent simply talking.
“Good to know.” He shifted sideways, so they were sitting shoulder to shoulder, and tilting the camera so they were both in the frame. “Well, we’ve got a lot of work to do-
He wasn’t entirely sure how to answer that, something Dean didn’t seem to share. He jumped right into, “Yes, yes we do.”
“Yes.”
"Evergreen spike."
Castiel waited until they were both in the Impala, Dean pulling them out of the driveway, to ask, “When should we start?”
“Yesterday. Research, I’ll show you it later,” Dean told him with a sly wink. “Apparently the issue is working things out, but most of the sites agreed that once an Aquarius and Taurus get along they could move mountains. I think we got to that stage. On the other hand, not every trait ascribed to the signs applied to us. Like the whole white picket fence thing was my idea, and our values aren’t so different they get in the way that much. And I am way more flexible than they give us credit for.”
“Come on, chief, you’ve got plenty ‘a sick days saved up,” Benny urged, pulling him to his feet. “Need me to give you a lift?”
It occurred to Benny that perhaps things were different with angels. Dean had given him a brief run-down about the species, perhaps they were genderless and this one simply happened to be in a male vessel. Whether he’d been blind to the vessel’s gender, or oblivious, it didn’t change the facts. And the simple fact was, Dean was in love.
“One breakthrough at a time, son. I understand if you don’t want me around, but if you’re okay with it I’d like to spend some time with you. Grab a beer, maybe?”
“You have no idea how hot this is.”
“More monsters?” Dean asked.
“Yeah, so?”
“Remember the pie?” he asked, taking some of the bags from Castiel’s hands.
“I think they were banking on that.”
Swallowing dryly, he turned his gaze down to the Demon still under his blade.
Dean passed him the paper, going to study the options.
“’Want you to meet somebody,” Dean said, half turning towards the vampire. “This is Benny. Benny, this is Cas.”
The old field was overgrown, but the graves were apparently intact. Dean was leaning against a now ancient windmill, catching his breath, wrapping a scrap of cloth around the wound in his arm. There was no sign of Castiel. Considering he’d put all that effort into trying to talk Dean around, to convince him it wouldn’t work, the vampire did feel regret. If only because he knew how it felt, to lose the one you loved, to have them torn away from you.
“Yeah, you said you would explain if it stayed,” she grumbled, frowning. “You still smell different. Like cranberries. How come?”
Staring down at the pan he was drying, Castiel asked slowly, “Dean?”
videos. I don’t mind helping, but I feel like I’ve been taking over.”
A slow smile started to spread across Castiel’s face. “You didn’t mention this before.”
“You feel sorry for it?” Dean demanded incredulously. “You were cursing that thing up and down at the time.”
“I will return the favor,” Castiel growled. He shifted his weight backwards, hauling Uriel off balance just enough so he could lift a foot, yanking one of his feet out from under him. They went down hard, the Seraph atop the younger Angel.
“I do not.”
“What about before that?”
Their exchange was brief and exclusive, though Castiel’s mouth was twitching a bit as he went to shake Gadreel’s hand in turn, greeting him in his usual stoic fashion. Castiel knew certain details of certain things because he was Castiel, he was their mother. Just like there were a few details Dean knew because he was Dean. In this case, Samandriel had decided it was best for all involved if the man he called ‘Dad’ was blissfully unaware of how they met. As far as he knew, they’d met on Bourbon Street, which was true. What he did not know was that the recently-of-legal-drinking-age Omega had gone there when Mardi Gras was in full swing. He did not know Gadreel, owner and bartender of one of their establishments, had plucked him out of a particularly rowdy crowd before the police had to get involved. He did not know Gadreel had offered him a drink while things settled down, or that Samandriel had woken up the next morning in the Kodiak’s bed with no hangover and the discovery that getting fucked against an assortment of flat surfaces left you sore the next morning. No, he would much rather Dean not know that, so would Gadreel. The Alpha was a true gentlemen by all accounts, he’d refused to so much as kiss him until he’d bought him dinner, had somehow managed to put off sex for nearly a month while he tried to alternately court him and convince him he was not a good choice in boyfriends. It had helped a bit when he knew precisely what Samandriel was. Not a witch, but just as strong, if not stronger. More importantly, Castiel’s case was unusual enough it had trickled down to the other branches of non-human folk. Shifters had heard of him too, the will-o’-the-wisp who gave up his immortality to live with a human.
“Go on,” Benny drawled, twisting open a beer. “You know you want to.”
Castiel drew out the thong, holding it up for inspection. Sure enough, it was a basic necklace, like the humans had had for centuries. That much wasn’t noteworthy. Castiel was interested in what hung from it. A small idol, as wide as his thumb and not half as long, as old as the Demon who owned it. Castiel had heard of it, seen drawings when he’d asked Sam about it, but never thought he’d see it in person.
He watched as the sigils began to glow, the guards stepping back. He expected this. He also expected Gabriel as he stepped out of the light. What he didn’t expect was the second, much taller person who stepped out with him. He heard Dean’s breath hitch, but even as Castiel registered the non-feathered wings his new mate was lurching forward.
Gabriel admitted ruefully.
“What happened in there?”
Castiel corrected.
“Everything?” Dean repeated when they parted. “Wanna be more specific?”
"You're making a life, Cas. I know you deal with a lot of magic and shit but come on. That's awesome."
Castiel had intended to divert from the cabin, heading back towards his original route, but he made it perhaps fifty feet before he stopped again.
"We're gonna pick up Sammy, then we're gonna haul ass to Stanford. We'll get him set up there, then see if Bobby has a job for us." He glanced at the Omega, raising his eyebrows. "Sound good?"
Shout out to Karategrl80 and CastielsHeart!
“Perhaps it should be. I…I’m tired of the way people look at me.”
“Yeah, but he wouldn’t let me go to work,” he grumbled. “He won’t let me do anything, actually. It’s driving me nuts. I tried to make my own breakfast this morning and he wigged out on me.”
The fallout wasn’t immediate. Castiel spent his next duty rotation dozing in the infirmary as he was painstakingly healed. After that he wrote up the obligatory report, lying about his knowledge but not what Uriel had said and done. In that he could be completely truthful.
“Mate’s privilege.”
“Good big or bad big?”
“Nope.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, I ain’t human,” Dean informed him, tapping his horns.
Abaddon swung around, and caught her second blade that day, only this time the point was within an inch of her nose. She lowered it, a scornful smile on her face. “Really? Is that the best you’ve-”
he asked, trying to sound casual as he went to rinse his hands with the garden hose.
“You spend more time at home than I do, that’s why I haven’t complained much. When I am home the last thing I want to do is vacuum. It’s an agreeable arrangement.”
In true draconian form, he whirled around and pointed his blade at her instead. “What did you say?”
He waited until halfway through their delicious meal in a romantic atmosphere to ask, “So what questions are they requesting?”
"I...I'm sorry, man I....look, I was out of line. I really shouldn't have done that. I don't know what was wrong with me."
“Don’t do that.”
He picked up his phone from where it lay on the seat, checking his GPS app. “Approximately six hours, fifteen minutes until we arrive at my parent’s house.”
Meg winced at that. “Ouch.”
“Happy birthday!” he was saying as he pulled away, still grinning.
Castiel nodded, still clutching his honey with both hands. The Alpha hesitated, then pressed a tender kiss to his mate's forehead. They'd mated young, he knew that now, but Castiel had never shown any signs of wanting something else, of wanting to leave. Dean knew he wasn't the easiest person to live with, that their life would send most normal people raving to the loony bin. Yet still the Omega stayed, embracing and thriving in the family business. It might not be the smoothest road or the happiest, but it was theirs.
“Yes.”
Dean slowly descended the five steps to grass, hesitating again at their base, gaze never leaving Balthazar. He didn't approach further, apparently unwilling to push as long as the boy seemed timid.
He considered that for a minute, then decided, “Toss up, between Hufflepuff and Spock.”
$90. $80. $70. $60. $50. $40.....
After that he didn't leave the bed, except for the few occasions when he had to tend the necessaries. Even then he didn't make the mistake of trying to simply crawl to freedom again. Instead he'd tug on Dean's arm, shyly mumbling his need and peering up at him with hopeful eyes. Each time the Alpha's face would soften, and he'd kiss his mate tenderly before escorting him to the privy, an indoor affair down a narrow tunnel.
“Wait, where’s purgatory? And what was an angel doing there?”
"I know. I want to. Go."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam gave him a long look. "You...wow, okay. Dean's not home yet, you're welcome to the fridge. I've got homework so I'm not going to cut those."
The Demon, who’d been unwrapping the bundled packages of boxers and socks, let his face fall into his hands with a groan of despair. “You’re not kidding. You wanna know why Gabriel gets Chuckles? He knows how to laugh. He doesn’t take everything so literally. How the hell have you lasted this long with such a big stick up your ass?”
“A messenger I trust. But he doesn’t know what he’d delivering. It’s better if he’s unaware.”
Wordlessly Castiel reached into his pockets. He withdrew the automatic pistol with one hand, the handcuffs with the other. “I am required to use these when I bring you to the gate. But I would feel more comfortable if you were armed. Many Angels don’t like Demons being brought to Heaven, even as prisoners.”
As predicted, Castiel was again carted away to the infirmary, where he was scolded for finding trouble twice in the space of a week. At least this time it was an easier fix. The plasma and holy oil had been the root cause for his previous slow recovery, but this time Ephraim was able to heal him with relative ease. Enough he was cleared for duty once more in time for his next patrol.
He hadn't expected his secret to weigh on him so much. Castiel had known the significance of it, even as he'd committed his people's greatest taboo. No one was to leave their breeding partner alive, Alpha or Beta. If anyone did, they were eligible for immediate exile. He'd never been given a true reason, and he'd never asked, but the more he thought about it the more he questioned it. There were occasional complications, the rare miscarriage, but the few people who had earned banishment for this hadn't suffered such things. As far as he knew their children were happy and healthy. They'd live out their own lives without significant curses raining upon their heads. The more he thought about it the less sense it made.
"The fief on the west coast?"
“They thought I’d hurt you. The receptionist was trying to stall me while that B.M.A. representative talked to you. I know what they do is important, but they took one look at me and thought I was capable of something so, so
"Wanted to talk to you."
“Sounds about right,” Dean conceded. “Yours is ‘assbutt’.”
"I know. Consider this practice," Dean rasped, pressing open mouthed kisses to his scent glands.
“The only reason we were able to afford what we did was because neither of us wanted a wedding,” Castiel added. “We simply went to the courthouse and were witnessed by family members and a few close friends.”
“Well that, and you tend to go down rabbit holes when you get into stuff like that.”
“I’m gonna tell you something I never thought I’d tell anyone,” the Demon mused, smirking.
“My apologies.”
He started to take a drink. Dean stalked across the kitchen and knocked the bottle out of his hands, sending it crashing against the cabinets. "Sammy just walked out on us, either you take this seriously or we're going with him."
“Oh, and you do?”
“That took a while.”
“You got it.” Glancing back at him as he went to the kitchen, he asked, “No cement?”
“I’m going to prove to you that you assumed incorrectly.”
The Omega gave in, giggling helplessly as the continued down the drive.
“If you are referring to love making, it’s none of your business when or if I choose to do such things.”
“Release me. Now.”
“There it is. It’s reacting to you,” Castiel noted.
“I can, and I did, no take backs.”
“Yeah, if you wanna be on the nose about it, sure.”
His trouble was with the curse he suspected Alistair had provided. He hadn’t seen something like this in some time. Mostly because the ingredients it had to be drawn in were hard to come by. Considering Alistair was supposed to specialize in torture, perhaps he shouldn’t be surprised. He’d gone all-out for his old apprentice. If he had any sense Castiel would let it work, or finish the job. The last thing the humans needed was another alive and kicking Knight of Hell, but as he’d said, he’d been spending too much time around his Father’s prized creations. Apparently, their sense of sentiment was contagious. Like the flu.
“Bribing me with food isn’t going to solve the problem,” she huffed.
A weary smile graced Dean’s face. “Yeah, they are. And they love you.”
“Enough of this.”
As he was going back to their booth, Castiel came to the conclusion that if Dean did decide to make some kind of warning-off announcement, he’d let him. This was getting ridiculous. At least this time a favorite shirt hadn’t been ruined.
“We still argued,” Dean remembered, grinning. “A few times we got this close to getting asked to leave the golf course because we’d get into a shouting match over how accurately the points were being kept.”
“Because we always end up with more than you estimate.”
"And you did it anyway."
He lightly kissed the tip of Castiel’s throbbing cock, then sat back so he could crawl over him. The Angel stared up at him, a little anxious for all he had no reservations about what they were doing. He’d just never been the…what had Dean called it? Catcher? It was a remarkably vulnerable position. And Dean had gladly taken it for him not a day ago.
"Not...the blue one, no. Others, in the past. And you know firsthand what those creatures are capable of. We won't wait for it to do damage before we get rid of it."
“Hey, Samandriel.” Dean sank down into a crouch, putting himself at eye level with the tyke. “Nice to meet ya.”
Heat not from the pie warmed Dean’s face. He busied himself nibbling on one bites were cool enough to do so, listening as his Alpha switched to one of the old Star Trek movies.
That posting, meant to be a punishment when Michael had gotten his sense of propriety bruised by Dean being right when he’d been wrong, had turned out to be a blessing. He had had far too much time on his hands and a great deal of energy leftover after a shift. But if anyone asked it had been dreadful and he’d learned his lesson.
"Don't be."
“See? What’d I tell you? They love you.”
"Thirty dollars. Maybe," was the absent response. Dean's attention was on confirming the tags that indicated the store sale for the pancake mix.
Benny clearly took care not to actually slam the door, but Dean winced all the same. He outright cringed when he had to start Baby’s motor. Not for the first time he was very grateful Singer’s Auto rested very close to the center of town, it meant he only had to drive about fifteen minutes to get back to his apartment.
At least this didn’t seem to anger Dean all over again. Instead he just shook his head, grumbling, “You sound like a robot.”
“What’re you thankful for?”
The Omega didn't go directly to his meeting with John when he clocked out. For well over half an hour he alternated between pacing among the boxes and shelves of back inventory and sitting uneasily on the edge of a folding chair as he tried to make up his mind. Ever since that night at the hospital it had become a survival instinct, keeping his distance from John Winchester. In the end only that they would be in a public place and that he'd promised made Castiel cross the street rather than go home. He couldn't bring himself to forgive the Alpha, and forgetting was an impossibility, but he didn't have to if he was simply going to hear whatever John had to say.
It was true, Castiel’s middle name was James, and until high school had gone by the less conspicuous nickname. He’d switched back to his first name when he’d donned all the black. Dean had never used it before, but for what it was worth his mate seemed to like it. He got a little more enthusiastic as the moans of “Cas” turned to whimpers of “Jimmy”.
"What are you again?" Dean asked, snapping him from his thoughts.
“I don’t. If it were just me I wouldn’t but…” He closed his eyes, sucking in a deep breath and letting it out as he said, “You are everything to me. You deserve the best, and this way I’ll be better able to give you that. My initial change was a desperate attempt to stop squeezing into the mold my parents had designated for me, it just grew on me very quickly.”
Apparently annoyance was a decent cure for stage fright. Castiel faced the lens and stated, “He hasn’t posted a video on the Impala yet because he is incapable of making it concise.”
“That’s because I haven’t. Meg is a friend. I’m sharing food and drink with a friend. I’m not being unfaithful. Though I wish you would have asked before throwing your drink at me.”
“Done.”
Castiel frowned, head tilting slightly. "Neither. You have to cut off their head. It's also how you kill a ghoul."
Dean grinned, laughing. “Okay, have any of you guys seen the ‘WKRP Turkey Drop’? I’ll put the link down below, promise me you’ll check it out. It’s
“More so than usual, you mean?”
“Oh.” He was quiet a beat, then unable to help it asked, “Then what I did was…correct?”
It was a long haul, unloading the truck and getting things organized into Dean's stockpile to his standards. Even so, there was a bizarrely intense sense of satisfaction when they were done, when Castiel backed up to the stair's foot and surveyed their handiwork. As he watched Dean set the last box of toothpaste onto a shelf, dusting his hands off and taking a step back.
“No, Cas, Betamax didn’t end well. You’re screwed on that. But Apple…” He cleared his throat. “They did good. Really good. And Monster. Still kinda surprised you went with that.”
“They’re no fun to poke.”
As soon as things had opened up that Monday morning, Dean had been making calls and sending emails. Castiel had actually co-written the emails, but he hadn’t been able to take off on such short notice. They’d been able to do research aplenty during their Thanksgiving downtime, been able to make some decisions and find a social worker in Sioux Falls that would be their best bet. While there were others, Tessa was the only one who dealt with LGBT adoptions. They’d been able to schedule a meeting with her by the end of the week, sitting down to hammer out the details. There weren’t any surprises, at least, they’d been very thorough in their research. Tessa had actually been impressed.
"How should I know?"
“For the last time, there is no tree branch lodged in my posterior!” Castiel erupted. “Stop insinuating it. Just because I’m not to your preconceived standard of my kind does not warrant your thankless behavior. You ungrateful, sour-tongued, discontent spawn of Hell.”
“To the best of my ability.”
“Fair enough. Just start with the first question. Oh, and uh, what’s the ETA?”
Dean grimaced. “Not yet, no.”
“That’s…unusual.”
Dean, who had locked eyes with said button, only offered, “I got bored. And it’s healthy, you know. Cleanses the pores.”
would an angel be a landlord?”
Dean went still. He barely noticed when John brushed passed him, taking down another bottle and cracking the lid. "Miscarriage?" he muttered. "He was pregnant?"
He might dislike the idea of his new mate ridding his scent from his skin, but it wouldn't be a problem if they showered together. Besides, he knew Castiel preferred to be clean, and neither were very presentable at the moment.
“Alistair never gave a shit about safety. Last I checked Men of Letters didn’t care about their attack dogs much either.”
"You don't need to cover for him, you know. I work with B.M.A., I can help you."
The Beta put more pressure on his shoulder, probably to be insistent. A jolt of white-hot pain shot down his arm and up his spine, knocking the breath out of his lungs. "That was dislocated twenty minutes ago," he stated in a strained voice.
"Mild, but yes. Can you think of a better word?"
Smiling at the red blooming in Dean's cheeks, Castiel reached up to push his canvas jacket off one shoulder and lift the sleeve of his t-shirt. He held a hand over the human's arm, amused to see the shock in Dean's face. At his will the scar reappeared, in the shape of his handprint.
“Nothing, there’s just a law about updating it every few years.”
“I know, but this is easier. And you don’t wax my tires.”
Somehow it seemed unnecessary to point out his mother was a very strong, freakishly skilled will-o’-the-wisp. So instead he offered, “Just don’t think about it. They’re perfectly normal. In fact, they’re embarrassingly normal.”
With that he turned his focus back to Gabriel. He didn’t know if Balthazar left on his own or if someone made him. Right then, he didn’t care. The youngling was right, someone had used a powerful spell. Not only had they tried to drain him, they’d tried to crush him. At a guess, Gabriel had used a burst of raw power to free himself. There’d be a backlash on the caster, but likely they’d be in better shape. Castiel needed to fix him so he could point out the culprit. There would be blood for this.
“That I do. Don’t kill him, I happen to like this one. And if you start killing Angels you’re going to die, and I’d really like to not have to tell Sam that.”
"It's fine, or it will be. It's...complicated. What's your phone number?"
“No, you just get better at dealing with them. Especially if you deal with customer service,” Dad said. He slid a hand over to try reaching for Papa’s glass, but he just slid it out of reach without looking away from her.
The Angel could only nod. Considering Dean was considered one of the most ruthless of Alistair’s apprentices, he was an incredibly tender lover. It had been one thing before, when he’d been astride the Angel and impaling himself, but this felt…different. Once the discomfort faded Castiel decided it was just as pleasurable as the other position, though he did feel a little more vulnerable with his legs over Dean’s shoulders.
Castiel answered with a shrug.
“The method of prisoner retrieval is highly dependent on the nature of the package and how capable the handler is.”
the Omega promised.
“Silence!” Naomi glowered at him with what Charlie abruptly realized could only be called hate. “You may not speak here,
“Don’t speak,” Castiel commanded, glancing to his Alpha. “Pick him up, mind his ribs. We need to get him inside.”
Head quirking to one side, Castiel considered the demand. Deciding a worthy opponent would warrant this much, he slowly came around again and approached from his downed enemy’s right flank. They appeared to have landed in a small clearing of dirt, thrown up on impact. At current the Demon’s shoulders were propped against a cluster of rocks, wings splayed behind him, limp against the stone. If he’d had armor it was gone, so was any footgear he might have worn.
“I would like you to proceed.”
“I’m sure.” Smiling, he leaned up on his toes so he could lightly kiss Dean’s forehead. “I appreciate your concern, love.”
"Nice to know at least one of you don't," his mate said pointedly, shooting his brother a look.
One good thing about forests like the one he’d found Dean in, there were scattered abodes humans didn’t always remember were there. There was one he’d stumbled upon one patrol when he’d ventured farther from the perimeter than he’d technically should have. The old man had died peacefully in his sleep, but apparently he’d been without family or connections enough for someone to come looking for him. Castiel had buried him, given him a marker and made sure his soul had gone up rather than down. Honestly he hadn’t thought about needing to use his home, but he didn’t think the fellow would mind.
"They weren't even aware I was dating. They didn't notice and I didn't go out of my way to tell them. At the time I was afraid they'd keep me from leaving if they were made aware. Now I suppose it would have to entail Gabriel's death or the production of a grandchild."
“On what?”
care.”
“Why?”
About an hour after they’d left Mary’s, when the hot coca was finished and the barrage of less-than-quality Christmas songs on the radio were beginning to annoy Dean, Castiel cleared his throat. “Would you like to do a few questions now?”
Even as he spoke, the lightbulb directly over his head burst in a shower of sparks. Dean jumped, then carefully minced his way away from shards of broken lightbulb. He was dusting off the shoulders of his coveralls when Bobby asked, “You been drinking, boy?”
Dean sat back, grip tightening on his mug. “Yeah. I do.”
“Nah. I still have a few others going, remember? This one’s special. If the interest fades I’ll let you know. In the meantime I’m more worried about that hike video.”
Dean grimaced, but he grabbed his underwear before going back to the kitchen. Castiel tried not to rush, but nor did he linger. He enjoyed his lover’s food, and made sure to tell him as much.
he scolded himself, forcing the unease back down.
“You said it was just gonna get to eighty!” Dean protested from behind him.
"What do you think? It's large enough for me in either form, easy to keep dry, clean. And the entrance is close enough I don't need to make my own light all the time."
When he lugged the oversized boxes inside the cabin, Dean was shuffling stiffly out of the bathroom. He visibly perked up, even in his wings, when he saw what Castiel was dumping in the main living area. Castiel’s own wings ruffled at his back as he stepped away with a huff.
Dean was awake by the time he came out of the steam filled bathroom, frying up some eggs and bacon. None of them spoke much, if at all. There was no need. Castiel tried to help where he could, but the brothers hadn't bothered to hide the fact he wasn't much of a cook. So instead he kept the apartment clean and did the grocery shopping between shifts. Both he and Dean refused to let Sam do much of anything, insisting he focus on his schoolwork.
“Why do you get that privilege?” demanded the phoenix.
sure?”
"Why not?"
"Whoa! It's just me, take it easy. Where've you been?" Sam demanded, fishing his phone from a pocket.
“Three. Should we wait until after lunch?”
“Despite the circumstances, I don’t regret meeting Dean.”
Castiel grabbed the gun, offering it grip-first to him. “Demons. They need all the help they can get.”
His mate snaked an arm around his waist, pulling him close and kissing his cheek. “We got what we wanted, Cas. Now you never have to deal with him again. I hope.”
“The elders can go fuck themselves,” Dean informed him. “And you won’t be locked up. You’re free to do what you want, I’m just assuming you’re smart enough to realize you’re safer here. Both of you.”
Dean grimaced, smothered a yawn with the back of one hand, then turned to give the camera a weary smile. “Not enough, babe.”
Cobalt eyes lifted to stare at the older Alpha. "Yes."
“No, but do
“He knocked. I answered before I thought to check. I told him to wait and came to get you. You never mentioned what you’d do when this situation arose.”
“You, um, don’t have to stay if you don’t want to.”
“So you think a vampire would be more likely to get a better chance at getting me than you?”
“Can I keep my room?”
“His name is Dean.”
“Eight types of flower and counting, plus the gardenia bushes,” Dean concluded. “They all have these designated beds, choreographed around the whole yard. And if I get one when I’m mowing the lawn, there’s hell to pay.”
"Do you know what you're getting into?" John asked at last.
Castiel bit his lip. "Dean?"
They fiddled a bit, listening to a few tracks before Castiel grew tired of them. At which point he reached for the list. You could only listen to the same songs so many times.
“Is it bad I’m intrigued by variations on the Midwinter traditions?”
“It’s not something I expected you to want,” Castiel admitted, shuffling his feet a little. “As I understand it Demons don’t often take mates.”
she asked as she took off down the road.
“Are you hungry? It’s almost noon, you should eat something,” Dean suggested abruptly, pulling away from their kiss.
Enjoy!
“Sorry, Cas, it’s just…never heard a dragon talk before.”
“Don’t apologize for that bitch,” Dean bit out, words more growl than not.
“The timing is more appropriate for Christmas,” Castiel pointed out. “We’re too late for Honokaa or St. Lucia Day, and too early for Kwanza or Las Posadas.”
“I can’t do pizzas, though. Or Asian food. But I can do everything else. You’ll still get those, right?”
“Enter.”
“You don’t need to say it that way,” Castiel objected, trying not to pout.
Gabriel cocked his head slightly, golden eyes twinkling as he waved a finger at him. "So you're the one who convinced my goody-two-shoes cousin to make a jailbreak? Congrats. You wouldn't believe what it took just to get this kid to help me swipe some cookies."
Castiel didn't even realize he'd fallen asleep until he was rudely awoken by an alarm on Dean's phone. He jerked, gasping as Dean lurched upright and fumbled to grab it. Once it was silenced he twisted, turning to stare at Castiel in a room lit only by a few fingers of moonlight.
Frankly Castiel was just glad it hadn't caused trouble until after they'd taken care of the ghouls, when they were leaving town anyway. They'd suspected, they weren't blind. Sam and Gabriel had gone to get supplies and try circling around what was stuck to their shoe, Dean had stepped out to get them checked out. Castiel had been loading their things into Baby's trunk when he'd seen a familiar face slipping into their room. He'd grabbed the first blunt instrument to hand and stood ready to nail whoever came out. When he came back Dean had bound the Alpha and put in for another day with their room. From what they could tell it was a bounty hunter this time, rather than a private investigator.
Dean got back behind the wheel, slumping in his seat. Raking a hand back over his hair he admitted, “I dunno, Cas. Would you wanna go?”
“Bitch.”
engage with someone, as much out of obligation as to see what all the fuss was about. I found it lacking.” Not wishing to think of such things right then, he bent to peck his lover’s lips, then went to work on pink nipples. They were lighter than his own, which were more of a dusky shade, and pebbled on the Demon’s chest.
“I believe ‘irked’ would be a better word. And yes.”
but he couldn’t stay awake. Maybe he could have survived the exhaustion, but then he’d gotten into a fight with John when he got home. He’d escaped mostly unscathed, but Bobby had still felt the need to patch him up when the boy had appeared on his doorstep. All because John was angry that Dean had managed to spend both their paychecks on rent, utilities, and groceries before he got the chance to drink any of it.
Maybe it was because of the general lack of emotional strain, but Castiel took longer falling asleep. He leaned back against the headboard, holding an ereader that he didn't bother turning on. It had been a birthday present a few years back, when Dean had decided he'd gotten tired of hauling around extra books. For all his grumbling he'd openly preened when his Omega's face had lit up that day. Castiel had opted to enjoy the gift fully rather than think about who'd been hustled so his mate could buy it.
Castiel had put his squadron through their paces ten days after stumbling onto the Knight of Hell, and was preparing to go on patrol when Uriel approached him. He tried to ignore the other Angel, checking his blade. Partly because he usually did, partly because Dean had started giving him names. Some Angels were consistent, apparently, while others operated more on a one-off basis. Uriel had been among the latter, not that Castiel had mentioned he was in his current squadron.
"They're my boys," John said at last, looking weary. "I don't need them to like me, I just want to see them. One more time."
“He wouldn’t let me see it because he stole the damn thing,” Dean informed her, slumping back in his seat and pulling off the black knit hat he’d had pulled low over his ears until now. As much for camouflage as to keep from shedding DNA evidence. “Even when he gets back and finds out it’s gone, he can’t report it. He got it illegally over the black market. We’re in the clear.”
Dean picked up the cooler, turning to face him. John was between him in the doorway, half empty bottle in one hand. For what was quiet possibly the first time in his life, Dean had every intention of completely and utterly defying his father.
“You what?”
"Why not?"
Castiel resumed his two-legged form when he drew within walking distance, emerging from behind the local library and making his way down a sidewalk running alongside the main road. Less than a mile of walking put him in the parking lot of the business his tie to the Alpha led him to. He glanced up at the sign, 'Winchester Auto', making his way into what appeared to be a bustling business. All six warehouse doors were open, the bays all containing a vehicle in some stage of service. More were in the parking lot, not counting those in the area marked 'Employee Parking'. One of which was Dean's beloved Impala.
“Totally. There’s the nuns who sing, then the ones who fly around with umbrellas and have bottomless carpet bags.”
“No, those were my ideas. McDonalds was his idea, though. I liked their fries, so I agreed. Why, have they done poorly?”
His husband smiled, sliding the glasses back onto his nose. “Let’s roll.”
“Aww, but you’re adorable when you blush.”
“So he’s your…prisoner?” Kelvin asked skeptically.
In that moment his head dropped, teeth latching onto the base of Castiel's offered neck. The Omega outright screamed as he bit down hard, breaking skin. The combination of an orgasm and a knot would ensure that this particular bite would scar, would remain on Castiel's neck always. It would mark him as claimed, as Dean's Omega, his mate. Something no one could argue with or dispute, and unless they wanted to die a painful death no one would dare touch him. Anyone who tried anything with a mated Omega risked the wrath of their Alpha.
“So here we are, Cas dragged my butt out of bed at o’ dark thirty. And he says he ain’t feeding me again until we get to the third mile marker.”
This sort of thing took hours.
"Later is good."
“Do you wanna get a shot as we’re going in?”
“Bored ain’t good. Don’t try to tell me Angels don’t get bored. You’re not
Castiel trudged in through the front door, tossing his keys into the nearby bowl and absently twisting the deadbolt. He let his shoulder bag slide off one arm onto the floor by the wall, making his way to the kitchen. He got halfway there before Dean slid out, intercepting him with a broad grin.
“I’m bored!”
“No, I want your opinion. The permission is optional, but it would be nice.”
“I already was,” Castiel sighed. “Amazon?”
Castiel hesitated, then reached down the newest of his telepathic links. He gave it the gentlest of nudges, catching a brief glimpse of something called itching powder before Dean’s head jerked up.
“What about you?”
Short stubble brushed tender skin, smiling lips pressing to his cheek. “You seemed to like it before. I wanna see how you do when you’re not already wrung out.”
“I do not,” Castiel protested indignantly.
“Now what?”
“You’re telling me,” the Demon growled, standing stiffly. “And you know what I remember? Busting my ass for scraps. Getting stabbed in the back at every turn. Having to deal with mooks who thought they were better than everyone else just ‘cause they got born higher up the fucking food chain. So yeah, when I had a chance to turn the tables, I took it. Sam too. Survival, and making sure no boot can stay on your neck.”
"Where did you get these?" Dean shrugged off his coat, tossing it over another chair and picking up some of the print-out coupons to check the expiration dates.
“No,” harrumphed the magistrate. “What does that- “
It was delicate work, mending ribs, undoing the damage done to a lung. He started with that first, sealing the wound, burning away blood and anything else that had started to fill it. When Gabriel was breathing easier, he focused on bone and flesh. A generalized spell would mend the cuts and bruises. He set knitting spells to work on the rest of his ribs. All were long-term spells, he’d be on bedrest for a week, but they were thorough.
“Date?”
“You look worse than I did.”
Before the Demon could comment, Castiel tapped the tip of his nose with his fingertips. His eyes rolled back and he went limp, out cold. Glad to be rid of the complaining, Castiel pushed aside his newly mended hand to take a better look at his torso wounds. Everything else had healed up well enough, but those two hadn’t. A long cut ran diagonally across his right pectoral, opposite his heart. Just below it was the hole through which Castiel could see his freshly grown liver. They must have used a cursed blade for these wounds, or used these wounds to inlay the curse that was causing the most trouble. He’d have to stitch them up the old fashioned away and let them heal at human speed, once he took care of the curse itself.
At some point the Alpha noticed the sun was rising overhead, blinking blearily at the lighting window and mumbling something about needing to get to work.
Just to be sure, Dean reached over to roll up his left sleeve, exposing his forearm. Those symbols still glowed softly, but it faded a bit once he stuck it under the harsh light. He turned a few more pages, scanning each one carefully, looking for any letter or symbol that might be close to those of his soulmark.
he moaned. “Dean
Dean grinned, gave him a two-fingered salute, then bounded back to the cabin. There was a noticeable bounce to his gait that hadn’t been there before. Perhaps he should reevaluate his perception of this Demon. Not Demons as a whole, but this one. He seemed…special. Unique.
Dean winced. “I don’t need a repeat, just tell me what the damage is.”
It took well over an hour before they were able to leave, though thanks to the medication they had to roll him out to the Impala via wheelchair. A crutch went in the backseat, and Castiel parked long enough to call in the medication. That done he drove them home, and Dean found himself in a very light mood now that the pain was gone.
Hazel thought about that for a minute, brow furrowed. “Is that possible? I don’t think Ms. Talbot is that flexible.”
Materials assembled, he began adding things in systematic order, muttering charms as one thing at a time was added. At first nothing special happened, but after he sprinkled in the powdered bone from a Panamanian golden frog the potion began to glitter in a fashion that was undoubtedly magical. When he added the hyena tooth, black smoke began to roll over the jar’s edges and onto the table. The puree of sequoia sap and bark turned the smoke cherry red.
“For how long?”
“People have pups all the time, it doesn’t look that hard.”
“Are either of you retired Slayers?”
Dean’s eyes narrowed. Castiel almost opened his mouth, but chose to wait. Excuses such as this were among those he had a lot of practice with, but then it didn’t look like this was the first time Dean had dealt with irritable townsfolk.
Jerking a thumb at Castiel, Dean explained, “He’s the mastermind behind all the decorating stuff for this time of year. I just do what he tells me.”
“You were working a new job, I figured you were stressed enough without me bitching about you not taking more interest in house hunting. Sue me.”
“You know, you could at least be subtle.”
From the look on Ms. Talbot’s face, she wasn’t anymore used to being denied than Bela was. For a moment she stood there, an odd shocked and angry look on her face. Her mouth even hung open a little, like a fish. Then it snapped closed, her face going hard.
Reluctantly Castiel obeyed. He knew what the blood of sirens could do to a dragon. On its own it would burn them like acid, dipped on a weapon it could kill them. But Dean had asked it of him, and he had the strangest urge to please him.
Unlike them, Sam and Gabriel had a much shorter drive ahead of them, only a few hours. Accordingly, they didn’t feel the need to leave quite so early. But since it was a six-hour drive to Sioux Falls, back up through Nebraska, Dean liked to get a jump on the traffic.
“I was unaware.” He hesitated, then reached up to gingerly trace a finger over one of Dean’s horns. He felt a trill as the Demon shivered, breath hitching, eyes rolling back a little. Urged on, Castiel stroked the horn’s curve with gentle fingers. They had ridges, bumps, a fascinating texture.
"I understand your concern, but we
The Angel watched him, a bit taken aback. He waited until he thought he could be heard to ask, “Did I not answer appropriately?”
A wide grin split Dean’s face. “You’re serious?”
“Yes. They’re not meant as throwing blades. It’s a technique that takes time.” Curious, he went to check the knife block again. He flipped out the one that Dean had thrown at him, laying the blade’s base on two fingers. It was a little hilt-heavy, but it didn’t fall.
"It's alright. Balthazar, this is Dean. Dean, my eldest."
Balthazar looked uneasy, but at least he was no longer protesting outright. "Won't Grandma be mad?"
Satisfied his patient would last the night, Castiel washed the blood from his hands and checked the money box. He carried human currency, but it was from his last light-duty posting. America, not Canada. He’d need Canadian currency if he was to purchase supplies.
“Nah. Some dick just gave my seal to dumbass hunters.”
Sometimes Benny hated being right.
“Nah. Let’s see what we can scrounge up. What do you like to eat?”
The disappointed groan had Dean pulling away, both of them breathing hard.
“What’s that got to do with it?”
“Hey! What’re you doing?”
"Unless I'm living in a human community, which I haven't for some time, I don't have a need to keep up with it."
For the first time the lord’s gaze fell on Castiel. He didn’t drop his gaze, watching as watery eyes ran him up and down. While it wasn’t the first time he’d been regarded as a piece of meat it was the first time it made him feel so slimy.
Castiel smiled ruefully. “The scent was lingering. I’m afraid after a point there’s only so much you can do.” He hesitated, then admitted slowly, “Actually, until high school this is similar to how I dressed.”
"Hush," the human rumbled, kissing his lips tenderly, stroking his hair. "Roll over."
Balthazar pressed.
The Angel’s last trip was to acquire a meal. He was glad to be done with it all by that point, more overwhelmed by the supplies than the actual healing he was carrying out. Deciding he deserved a treat, he found a pizza establishment and ordered four of them. One was just for himself, the other three were for Dean, seeing as he would need something to eat in Castiel’s absence. Perhaps it would even last a day.
Castiel protested.
"Why did you leave Dr. Sexy on if you're busy?" Dean asked, marching back through the apartment.
"I knew I could," he said simply. "I knew
“What do you think?” he asked at last, starting to worry. What if he
She froze, eyes going wide as the point of Castiel’s second blade sprouted from her throat, her blackened soul flickering under her skin. Not unlike her so called worthless lackies, in fact. Then as quick as it had gone in, the blade was wrenched free. Abaddon, Knight of Hell, crumpled to the ground, dead at Dean’s feet.
“That it?”
When he held the idol and coiled string in hand Castiel leaned in, lips brushing the Alpha’s cheek.
“Do I wanna know?”
Heaving a quiet sigh, Castiel set down the extra handouts and made his way to the back cluster of desks. He could hear Dean’s dialogue now, well enough to tell which video it was before he caught a glimpse of the title. It was the ‘Never Have I Ever’ video. A week prior to its filming Dean had asked for suggested questions, and he’d picked ten of the few hundred to use, though the numbers weren’t quite so staggering once he’d removed the repeats. They were almost halfway through the twenty-minute video, and Dean was in the middle of reneging how he’d gotten a speeding ticket.
“Well yeah, I can’t die if the bad guy is dead.”
“Mind us asking how you met him?”
“Remember what I said about PG?”
“Every goody-two-shoes lies! No one’s that good, believe me. I’ve never met someone, Angel or not, that’s actually
Castiel smiled, rotating the camera so it was aimed as his face. “He’s just grumpy because he only time for one cup of coffee. It’s a beautiful day, it’s only supposed to get up to eight-five degrees-
“You made a demon deal?” Dean asked incredulously. They weren’t exactly common knowledge, even now. He only knew about them because he’d tripped onto texts detailing the ins and outs of such things. Mostly why you shouldn’t, but if you did, how to do it properly.
“It’s how they celebrate in Mexico, remember? Well, Latin America. Where they do a nativity reenactment for nine days, one for each month of the pregnancy, among other things. You liked the starshaped cookies.”
“It’s to my benefit to cut off their sources of intel. I wasn’t kidding, half of Hell sided with Alistair. All the traditionalists didn’t like newbies coming in and stealing their boss’s thunder. When I get back I’m gonna have to clean house. It’ll help if I can start cutting them off now.”
Castiel smirked, turning away as Dean went back out the front door. There was a small patio on the other side of the unit, looking out over the highway. The Omega didn't like that his mate smoked, wasn't a fan of the taste either, but Castiel had agreed not to do it in their shared living space. They'd also invested a good deal in things like Febreze and mouthwash. Periodically he'd tried to quit, but it never lasted more than a month. The Alpha wasn't the pack-a-day sort, thank gods, but Dean could always tell what kind of day his mate was having by how many he went through.
Castiel smiled faintly. "I will be exiled, Balthazar. Sooner before later, I'm afraid. It's something I've come to terms with."
“They were very kind, as well as helpful,” Castiel reminded him. “They still send us Christmas cards. Missouri had dragged the entirety of our story out of me just before we stopped for dinner. Then she asked me a few questions, and I didn’t realize it until later but she was getting me to work things out on my own.” After a moment’s hesitation Castiel explained slowly, “We argued a lot. We still do, but not as much or as bad as we did initially.”
“Well?” Charlie urged.
“Maybe they want to stay hidden.”
“That was one time, and it was after an utterly atrocious day, and you know it,” Castiel informed him stiffly. Looking to the camera, he added, “Homemade cranberry dressing is better, usually. When that’s unavailable I am partial to the canned version.”
They stopped long enough to grab some food, and once they’d eaten their fill they took up the questions again.
It was late afternoon when he wearily unlocked the door to the small, three bedroom house set on the edge of town they now shared. After about a week of moving in Gabriel had decided he didn't like living in a drafty apartment with loud neighbors. They grumbled, but the Alphas hadn't stopped him from buying the house. Sam because he was practical, Dean because Castiel wanted it. While he wasn't thrilled about relying on his cousin's money overly much, the idea of having a better home was too tempting.
cold outside. Or was it the heater that was still running?
“Hello?”
“What’s this video going to be about again?” he asked wearily.
As they shrank to a point where they could no longer keep a hand on either side of the warehouse’s side walls, one arm reached towards Dean, a talon-like finger extending to point at him. In that same instant, his chair and bindings alike came apart. The ropes unwound, then burst into smoke, the chair jerking into separate parts even as it went to ash. Dean fell onto his ass on the floor, unable to tear his eyes away from the creature before him.
Generally that shade of orange meant it was spicy, so Castiel got out the yogurt, bread, and milk. Dean liked spicy things. He’d gotten a taste for it himself, even gotten to where he only ate twice as much yogurt as Dean instead of four times as much.
His throat went tight as he watched the scene from a minute ago play out. His realization of what happened, his reaction to what had happened, his shouting for Bobby and trying to stop the bleeding. It was brief, and his own eyes had been closed at the time, but he could just make out the smallest flares of white light under his hands as he clutched Benny’s wounded arm. That had been right before Bobby had shown up, and he’d realized the gash was gone, as though it had never existed in the first place.
"That I've got six months," the Alpha stated, smiling wryly. "All these years, all those brushes with the worst the world has to throw at me, and it's damned cancer that gets me."
“Who- what are you?”
"No, I mean...you ain't human."
Castiel passed him the camera, taking the spider decoration and holding it up. “Look at this. It’s a travesty. Spiders don’t even have bones. What sort of example is this to children?”
“No. You will be subject to truth spells and serums, but nothing worse.” He would have their wings on his wall if they tried.
It was several minutes before Impala seemed to no longer care a dragon was in her personal space, and began rooting around both their pockets for more treats. Dean gave her another apple, muttering about her getting fat, which earned him a soft squeal and a headbutt to his chest.
“I…Sam, I’ve got wings.”
“Gonna be a good little bitch for me?” the Alpha growled, kissing swollen lips roughly. “Gonna take my knot, let me fill you up? Ready for a real Alpha to knot you up?”
“It was easier to forget about him after things went last time.” Dean sighed scrubbing his face. “Hungry? I’ll think about it later.”
It was sunny today. The air warm for spring in Kansas, a light breeze stirring the trees around them. Castiel took all this in, taking a good long look around the cemetery before focusing on the task at hand. He'd given the brothers their space, but it looked like they'd said their goodbyes.
"I'm curious. You could ask some questions of your own if you like."
Opting not to dignify that with a response, Castiel shoved the paper under his husband’s nose. “Read.”
“Alright, question number three. ‘Were you ever in a Thanksgiving play at school?’”
The Demon grabbed the gun, taking the knuckles as Castiel dragged him out the door. Gripping his shoulder, Castiel teleported them to the gate. He made sure to land outside it, facing the warded border, hoping to come up behind the attacking force.
The Angel chewed thoroughly, swallowed, and stated, “I will not pick up burgers anymore.”
“No, turkey dance. It’s why they strut and fluff their feathers, to attract mates. We do the same thing, traveling, making meals, participating in the rituals.”
Again, Castiel obeyed. Impala jerked her head back a fraction at first, but then she nudged her head forward to bump his hand. He’d never been so close to a horse before, at least not one that was either trying to get away or bite his fingers off. They didn’t like him, and he couldn’t blame them. Unlike humans, animals could often tell what he was.
“Just to talk. We never talk.”
Samandriel tilted his head, pondering this for a moment before deciding, “I never had a nickname before.”
Unfortunately this chamber was dark, and Castiel had to pull away and step over to a candle. It was Dean's turn to follow, a finger hooked in his waistband, free hand wandering over planes of fair flesh. He almost missed it when Castiel cupped both hands around the wick, leaned in, and blew sharply. Instantly it was alight, making the Alpha start.
Now, if he could survive whatever his mate had concocted this time without needing to regenerate his taste buds, he was overdue to enjoy what humans called ‘marital duties’.
Smiling fondly at his husband, Castiel mused, “Though I’m not sure how long you’d last without it these days. You tend to get twitchy if you’re forced to abandon your work. Perhaps if you had warning and you could tend things to your satisfaction, like when we took that second honeymoon. You were able to arrange for the gap in your presence, and aside from texting family members on occasion you left your phone alone.”
Castiel glanced at Gabriel, but he didn’t seem worried. When he looked back, the brothers were parting. Dean looked back over at him, hands still ‘cuffed’.
“You guys have that down to an art, don’t you?”
"So do you, but last I checked being a hunter doesn't pay the bills. And to answer your question, poker. Well, I do make candy and deserts to sell at farmers markets, but mostly poker."
“It’s hardly worth it. Though I do feel sorry for the chipmunk. If anyone checked the tree they missed it. It was probably scared and only left the tree when it finally got quiet.”
“What?” Gadreel protested, genuinely upset.
“Need to get supplies,” the Angel protested, even as he dipped his head to nuzzle his neck. He liked Dean’s scent.
He stowed empty jars and bags in a satchel, setting them outside his nest, and tugged his tunic over his head as the sun began its decent of their fourth day. He'd been coming around for most of the sunlight hours, but his companion had been dozing and disoriented for most of it. Castiel actually felt guilty, not a sensation he was used to.
“’Do you open a present on Christmas Eve?’ No, we don’t.”
“Expression, Cas,” Dean drawled, flipping cooking patties in his pan. It was something he’d said with frequent regularity.
“Alright, alright, go back to whatever. Tell me you gutted those mooks. You know what, scratch that. I wanna do it myself.”
Eventually Dean passed him the camera, checking his phone for the next question.
“You got the good stuff, huh?”
Dean kissed him one last time, then stepped back. Castiel swayed a little, watching as the Demon went to pick up a piece of paper from the table. “I added a few things to it. Might need to go to a different store for something.”
"It did cause an increase of thoughts on the matter," he admitted. "But I reached this decision without external prompting. Would now be an acceptable time to...try?"
a Knight.”
The one downside of this was that they were driving back Monday, which meant they had to leave a little earlier in an attempt to beat any rush-hour traffic. Castiel might be off from school, and Dean might not have anymore shifts until after Christmas, but not everyone was so fortunate. Even Gabriel would be opening shop on Christmas Eve. Apparently a lot of people liked to get treats for Christmas morning breakfast, or last-minute sweets for stocking stuffers. That wasn’t counting the kids who absolutely insisted that the very best cookies in town be left out for Santa. Castiel might not have believed that last one, but Sam swore to have born witness to it.
So, as he had on the way up, he led the way down the trail. It didn’t take as long, the going was downhill and Dean was motivated. By the time they made it home both were worn out, trudging up the stairs to shower and change into clean clothes. After six rounds of rock-paper-scissors came up a tie Dean just got into the shower first. Unwilling to wait Castiel joined him, grumbling at him to move over. The space was big enough, and even if they’d had the energy they’d found out the hard way years before that shower sex was not what’d it cracked up to be. Castiel just wished the discovery hadn’t cost two banged skulls and three sprained body parts between them.
“Dude. They’re bees. They sting.”
“Yes. Dismissed. And thank you, Alfie.”
“It’s hardly appropriate.”
“Figures. Alistair probably had a goon lined up to check in, make sure they held up their end. Paranoid fucker.”
"It's not. Could we discuss something else?"
“Aren’t you?”
"The time isn't right. I just came back. I will take you tomorrow morning, Gabriel will watch your brother and sister. Should anyone ask I'll tell them I'm taking you to visit some old human location or another. To...supplement your magical studies."
“Because you didn’t kill Dean.”
“Light duty. If we were in a more exciting post I would still be locked in the infirmary.”
As he watched, propped up on his elbows, Dean got some of the clear substance on his fingers. He coated two digits to the knuckle, then to the Angel’s surprise, dipped his head to lightly lick the tip of his cock. It was already half hard and working its way to full attention, but the light flick of a hot tongue made him gasp outright.
Dean gave him a long look, one he couldn't decipher, then reached up to cup his neck. "Yeah, you are," he murmured. "I ain't going to keep you from hunting, I just..." In a lower, rougher voice he admitted, "I just want you safe."
Papa groaned, dropping his face into his hands. “I’m not sure I can handle a third.”
"I should go," the Omega stated, standing stiffly.
“Hey, Cas. Here ya go.”
"Why?"
He didn't need the reflection in his brother's eyes to know his own had flashed with raw blue flame.
“No, we have to go
"You're not going to leave the family business."
Turning his attention to the sixth question, he read off, “’What’s your favorite part about Christmas?’”
“Relax,” the Demon murmured, leaning up a bit to gently peck his lips.
Balthazar screwed up his face, flopping back in his seat. “Never mind,” he grumbled. “Dumb grownup yuck.”
Dean spent his last weekend before the semester started pouring over that illuminated text. He studied every centimeter of every page, he applied heat and a few other harmless chemicals to see if anything could be brought out. Sometimes there was, other times there was not. This time, there was not, though he was careful not to actually harm it. Someone might need it for the same reasons he did someday.
“Feel good, Cas?”
“’Do you have a favorite monster?’”
“It’s quite warm, actually.”
Samandriel glanced sideways as the car jerked to a sudden stop, hands jerking up to brace on the dash. “What’s wrong?” Considering they’d been driving for twelve hours he would have thought Gadreel would have been happier to arrive at their destination.
Naomi glanced at him sharply.
“You,” Castiel announced promptly.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Of course.”
“I won’t be able to smell you where you’re gonna be.”
“Not for this.”
Brows twitched upward. “Seriously?”
Only when the dust and light had settled did he reluctantly turn away, returning to his patrol. There was still time left before he was off duty. After that he was writing up his reports and heading straight to Heaven. Some did, but he hadn’t made a habit of it. It was simpler to just stay at the base unless he was on leave or stationed in Heaven to begin with. If Dean was unlucky, he’d have to fish him out of the interrogation chambers. If he was lucky, he’d just have to follow through on his promise. Just as soon as he decided what he’d surprise him with.
When he was eighteen, Benny had run into Andrea while they were both on a campus tour. He and his soulmate were now sharing an apartment just off campus. They didn’t get to spend much time together these days, with each of them working part time on top of going to school, but they managed. For what it was worth, Dean liked Andrea, she was nice, even if she was a political science major. Charlie had met Gilda last year, at a LARP event. They had since moved in together and were disgustingly happy.
His husband’s expression wasn’t reassuring.
"So how the hell am I still breathing?"
After they stopped on the third mile marker Castiel handed over the camera, and as they got going Dean checked the list of questions on his phone. The idea was to answer them as they climbed, between shots of everything else. Dean had already told his story as a means to pass the time before he was allowed to eat again.
“Later, Sammy.” Dean had grabbed a towel, blotting Gabriel for both water and blood, tossing another over Castiel’s shoulders. “Should they be here?”
"And you will, once we get back," Sam stated, pulling him along. "What's with you?"
Dean's face went slack. When he spoke, the words were a bit choked. "Breeding....ritual. You mean you're…”
"So you're here because you don't want to die on bad terms with Sam and Dean," Castiel stated, sitting back in his seat. He'd expected a lot of things from John, but not this. When Dean had first brought him to join the life he'd developed some level of respect for John, but there had always been that element of needing to prove himself, of disagreement with how he treated the brothers. Dean especially, but he'd kept his peace. Any and all scraps of trust or regard he had for the man had been permanently crushed during their last few months with John. He no longer feared the older Alpha, but he didn't like being too close to him either. Even after his confession. It was true, he believed that much, John wasn't the sort to use something like this out of the blue. He wouldn't play the pity card willingly.
"Silver. It's also effective on shapeshifters, dijnn, and wraths."
“Where’s the trial?”
He would need to stitch him up. He would need a needle and thread of some sort. Probably bandages, and that was assuming he could break the curse before his ten hours were up. A place to ward and hide him until the healing was done. He’d need food and medical care in the meantime, otherwise the healing would take an age. Even with the best circumstances he’d seen Angels laid up for a month with such wounds.
The checkout alone took twenty minutes, transferring four buggy's worth of food and supplies onto the belt, across Margie's scanner, into bags, then back into the carts. When it was finally all through Castiel dared a look at the computer screen and blanched. With tax and before the store sales, which were applied automatically, it was $728.93. After the sales it dropped to $384.99, which was still far more than the thirty dollar goal.
“Next time,” Dean promised, fishing his phone out of his jacket. “Sorry, Charlie. You hungry?”
He’d set out a few sheets of notebook paper and a pencil for notes, and was placing his recorder on what remained of the tiny desk space when someone dropped into the seat in front of him. Dean ignored them, at first. But his head jerked up when someone asked, “Are you okay?”
“I beg your pardon?”
Castiel smiled wryly, fingers curling around the offered key.
"Yeah. I wanna take a look. Never met a dragon who didn't keep a horde in their lair."
At least she was kind enough to be easy to find. She was pounding on his wards when they reached her, standing at the boarder of Dean’s property, rain drenching her from head to foot. Her fire dimmed when she saw Castiel coming, and she stopped her assault, stumbling back a step, lightning flickering overhead.
“Alright, put it in.”
“I’m aware. You should have enough groceries to last you until I return. If it will take too long I will arrange for Gabriel to come back, though he will likely only get confections and baked goods.”
Rather than answer Castiel simply glared at his husband, who gave the camera an exasperated look. “One flower, and I’m in the doghouse for a week. And here I was trying to detail how good a job you do on a nirvana for those damn bees.”
The Omega took his mate’s cock between his lips, relaxing his throat with the ease of long practice. He took his time, bobbing his head, swallowing, humming around it, lapping eagerly as his right hand stroked what wasn’t in his mouth.
A frown knit his brow. “What sort of request?”
“Why would a Demon lead you to hunters? I thought you liked to do your own dirty work.”
Dean frowned, taking the papers and pushing them away so he could actually read them. His stomach dropped as he read the words on crisp paper, then reread them. John was pacing like a caged tiger, stream practically pouring from his ears.
Castiel sighed. “If you will recall I
“Very well.” He watched as Dean set the pot on their table, then reached out to catch his hand. Meeting surprised eyes, he brought the Demon’s fingers up to his lips. A gesture that was a bit old fashioned, but he enjoyed partaking in the classical human form of chivalry for all they were both male. Particularly since it made Dean blush and splutter.
Dean nodded once, eyes never leaving Naomi, fingers curling tightly around the cloth.
“I thought I would join you. What with there being more Demons in the vicinity. Have you encountered any?”
“They are. And they like you, which they told Mom and Dad. You’ll be fine, just relax for fuck’s sake.”
"Yes." The Omega hesitated, then asked, "Do you recall our previous discussion?"
“Yes.”
I am open to question requests! I will only use them if I feel I can do them justice but I love to hear from my readers!
Rather than ask outright, he stepped over to his mate as Dean inserted the hose and flipped the handle's switch. He raised his eyebrows in question as he straightened, particularly when Castiel discarded the personal space rule. The Omega didn't utter a word, only reached out to press a hand to his mate's cheek, letting worry show on his face.
“When did that start?”
“Nice try,” the Omega scolded, rolling his hips against his mate’s obvious arousal.
For what it had been worth, Mary had been supportive all the way, never letting John back into the house after that. Every other year they rotated between their in-laws for Christmas and Thanksgiving. This year they were due to drive to Lawrence for Christmas, where she’d be waiting with a tree and at least one pie already made. She’d even taken up the age-old mother-in-law tradition of dropping hints at wanting grandchildren.
With that, she proceeded to slam her forehead forward. Since she was a bit shorter than him, their weapons raised out of the way, this meant her blow caught him squarely in the mouth. He held his ground, even as his eyes watered and his mouth filled with blood. She’d split his lip.
“You’re kidding, right? If you get absorbed in something you only come out again when you get hungry.”
Per usual things died down once the sun went down, and after nine it was dead. Castiel had just finished restocking the milk and was wandering back around the counter when the door dinged, announcing a new customer. It went off just as the Omega knocked his inventory clipboard from the counter. He sighed, absently bending to pick it up and looking it over as he straightened.
Sam huffed, shoving his arm away, hair ruffled. Reaching over to pick up a bag topped with tissue paper, he shoved it forward and ordered, “Open it.”
"Good."
Sam’s trademark puppy eyes were met with a hard glare, which wasn’t infallible but Dean had made up his mind on this long ago. “No. How many times do I have to say it, Sammy?”
“Your soulmate is an angel. Purgatory.”
“Yep.”
His firstborn took off at a run for the basement.
“Likewise,” the Omega breathed, swollen lips parted, eyes fluttering closed as he panted.
“He is gonna get us killed!”
A wry expression crossed Dean's face. "You've never mentioned it."
“I don’t eat
“Hey, Cas, you in there?” Dean was asking, patting his cheek.
No one answered.
Sam’s mouth snapped shut. He didn’t look particularly thrilled, but he did let it go. Looking downright glum, he came around to join Dean on the couch, who turned on the game before pulling over his laptop to order them dinner.
“The questions for the next video. I’m afraid we’ll have to explain why our wedding so closely followed our meeting. I was ambushed after class today. Apparently it’s a very highly desired question by a significant portion of your female audience.”
It took a minute for Castiel to remember that word. Ambulance. A vehicle for transporting injured to medical assistance. No one had offered such a thing before. Mmm, perhaps he'd finally get to enjoy a more gentle encounter with an Alpha. It would certainly be a nice way to spend his last heat.
He didn't invade Dean's mind, probing and trying to force his way in. Instead he opened a link just big enough to transmit. The Omega showed him what he couldn't say, hearing Dean's breath catch as the emotions reached him. It seemed it was different, telling a human you possessed some degree of telepathy and another to be on the receiving end of it.
Ms. Talbot scoffed.
“And Omegas. Not Alphas.”
“Answer the damn question.”
Lips that looked a bit redder and wetter than he remembered pulled into a smile. “Yeah. Good. You okay with this?”
"Which one?"
“I’ve never filmed with anyone except Sammy. This is exciting for them. Please?”
“It’s harder than you think,” Dad said wearily.
“I believe avis homo sapiens would be more accurate.”
. Could he?
“What? Why not?”
Neither commented or tried to stop him as he trudged out of the room that served as a security office. Dean would never admit it, but that had rattled him. Badly. It was one thing if it was just him suffering, but he’d hurt Benny. This was an auto shop, there were all kinds of dangerous things lying around. What if he’d knocked the vampire back into a well they used for oil changes? Or onto any one of the various screwdrivers or other long, pointy objects lying around? Yes, alright, he’d healed him, but that just made things worse. How in the
Eventually Castiel made his way to the group’s edge, then began shuffling his way towards it center. Thankfully the students began to scatter, a few of his coworkers backing off with somewhat embarrassed expressions. When he finally had Dean’s attention he was roughly two feet from the other man, who’d just turned from taking a selfie with an overjoyed freshmen.
to put his finger to his temple, per say, but it helped him focus. Particularly when he had a very enchanting, very pouty Demon sitting on his lap. Something made doubly difficult considering the issue still raging in his pants. He’d have to find a way to tend that, and soon.
Dean barely spared him a deadpan look. Then he went back to staring at the house they stood in front of. Castiel had been more worried than he’d admit, arriving to find it empty. He’d rushed to the sector where Demons were processed and interrogated, only to find him being brought out. The Angel in charge of him looked thoroughly annoyed, but Dean himself looked unharmed. A cuff identical to Sam’s was on his left wrist, the handcuffs gone.
"Yes. But not without prior warning, and I don't invade. It's a subtly you haven't learned yet. So don't attempt it yet, understood?"
Please review!
"No. We didn't. We hunted it. It's dead, Dean, and two people are alive because of us."
“What’s up world? Your friendly neighborhood Batman is back with your favorite Q&A, this time with a Christmas Special. Or holiday special. I know not everyone celebrates Christmas, but we do, so that’s what we’re going with.”
“Yeah?” He was eyeing Tessa, gaze hard. To be fair, Gabriel was the only one of Castiel’s people he’d met so far besides the younglings that left a good impression.
"Maine."
Castiel couldn’t find it in himself to argue. He’d come to find Dean’s tongue was something of a marvel, and it didn’t disappoint. He wasn’t fully erect when the Demon began working his way slowly down his cock, but seeing his own member disappear between those full lips finished the job. Something Dean didn’t miss, considering he pulled off to grin up at him when he was done.
Dean started. “Wait, you can talk?”
He smiled faintly at that
"Yeah, but how
Two weeks. It took two damned weeks for his headache to finally ease in earnest. Just waking up to a dull throb instead of the usual constant pounding was such a relief he nearly shed a tear. It was still there, but at a manageable intensity. An annoyance rather than a hindrance.
“I will be, so long as you don’t do that again.”
"Alpha, Alpha please," he gasped, freely moaning and crying out in pleasure as he was fucked into his own bed. A hand was always wandering his body now, stroking his back, gripping his neck, tugging his cock, twisting and pinching his nipples. The more he writhed in pleasure, it seemed, the more enthusiastic Dean became.
home. Castiel loved it, and he was proud of it.
“No, I didn’t.”
Castiel barely heard the hiss before he heard the crack, a sharp stinging pain shooting over his shoulder. It wouldn’t do any damage, not to a dragon, but it would still hurt.
“Paranoia is often a good way to stay alive,” Castiel pointed out.
Dean paused, looking up from his camera. “What?”
Dean threw up his hands. “See? This is what I’m talking about. Every single thing I throw at you gets twisted around.”
“We don’t. I rank it among common courtesies, which I do value. Particularly now that you shouldn’t get blood on them.”
"Ready for me, Cas?" he rasped, voice husky with lust.
“I know a lot of people do, but I never understood why.”
Dean picked up the bowl of porridge first, and Castiel perked up when he saw it was laced with the familiar amber shade of honey. The dragon obligingly opened his mouth, letting his mate feed him one bite at a time. After the porridge there was fruit Dean carefully cut into slices, scrambled eggs, and strips of fried bacon. There was also a mug of coffee for him to sip as he worked his way through a tray of food that would likely be enough to feed two human Alphas.
“You ain’t an Archangel. Seriously, who’s this guy? Thought all your big bads were narcissistic asshats.”
“Answer me or I will see just how long you can survive.”
“What is that?” Dagon asked, eyes narrowing. She came around the table, extending a hand towards Dean, palm out.
"No, I'm aware. I've seen the TV shows. Considering the alternatives for addiction this seems like a constructive outlet."
“But- “
Making a mental note to have Dean on
“Yes, why?”
“I dunno, you gonna get that stick out of your ass?”
“That was a serious threat.”
“Very well.”
Eventually, when the water mostly ran clear, he asked carefully, “Is it okay if I touch them? Just to make sure I got it all?”
Castiel chose that moment to become visible, and he had the distinct pleasure of watching red rimmed eyes go wide as he stepped forward, laying the tip of his blade on the human’s neck. “I would prefer not to hurt you, if possible. Answer my questions, and I will leave you be.”
“’Who would be more likely to be bitten by a vampire/werewolf/zombie? Which would you rather get bitten by?’ That one is you, I think.”
“Sure,” Castiel agreed, tone softening. “What kind would you like?”
Brown eyes narrowed under bushy brows. "Aye. Who's asking?"
"I probably should, but...gatta say, I've never met a dragon quite like you before."
“We spent over an hour getting it set just right, where it was straight in the stand. I didn’t think it’d be so tricky, getting the little dish full of water.”
His lover was scrambling the last of the eggs, slices of bacon already sitting on the two platters that served them as plates. Feeling oddly bold, particularly since they were both still naked, Castiel shuffled up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist, pressing a kiss to his shoulder. Dean didn’t stiffen, which delighted him. In fact he set down his pan on a burner that wasn’t hot, since it seemed the eggs were ready, and turned around in his hold to drape his arms over his shoulders, kissing him squarely on the mouth.
Surprise stiffened his spine as he turned to face the speaker. It had been years since anyone had called him that, and while the voice had changed only one person had used that hated nickname. That didn't make it any less of a shock when he turned and saw Gabriel standing there with a box of Twinkies in hand, an impossibly wide grin spreading across his face.
The Omega made his way carefully into the meadow's center, taking care not to crush the flowers and moving slow enough for creatures to scatter before they could be stepped on. Once he reached a patch of grass next to a thick bed of flowering weeds he settled down cross-legged, carefully plucking straight lengths from the ground. When he had enough he began to weave them into a thick crown of green, purple, and yellow.
"That was part of it, yes. There's only six months of age between us. Our other cousins were older, they liked to either ignore us or try pushing us around. He pranked them until they left both of us alone."
His Alpha hadn’t said a word. Just shuffled up behind him and wrapped both arms around his mate, burying his face in his neck, eyes suddenly red rimmed. For the second time in a single year, Castiel found he wasn’t upset about a thing he’d expected to be. He wrapped his own arms around Dean’s as he pondered this, then decided he only felt at peace. He’d always have his magic, his abilities, but his immortality was no more. He would age alongside Dean. So he closed his eyes, resting his cheek against his mate, and conveyed his contentment, his affection. Dean didn’t lift his head for a long time, and when he did Castiel’s shirt was wet.
"Why not?" asked Gabriel. For all he looked relaxed and unrepentant there was a spark missing from his eyes. He was worried too. "We handled it. Didn't even break anything."
“It’s hardly cheating.”
If other angels circled them, Castiel lied about them not being there. Seemingly he’d simply been branded an outcast by his own kind, not that he took offense. Angels didn’t seem very angelic, if the seraph lost so little sleep over losing contact. Dean never met Joshua, but the aging angel passed on his regards through Anna, whom he did meet. An angel whose humanoid form was a female with red hair and an Enochian soulmark. She seemed nice, especially once she deemed Castiel happy with his new lot in life. According to her, he was far safer here than he’d been in any station before. She also cleared up some questions Dean had in regards to angelic wings. Castiel had turned beet red when his snickering sister had informed the human that the constant wing-flaring or curling around him was mating behavior. Showing off plumage or displaying possessive behavior.
“No,” he droned without looking up.
“Everything that can’t wait until morning. Sandwiches are made, backpacks are packed, the canteens are cleaned, the camera is fully charged, and Baby’s got a full tank. Do we really have to go all the way out to River Park?”
“You wanna do some more questions? I’m going all of ten miles an hour right now.”
the Omega answered simply as he left the kitchen.
Gabriel shifted his sucker from one side of his mouth to the other, hands thrust into his jacket pockets. Out of all the wonders humans had made over the years, their confections were among his favorites. Right up there with the marvels of indoor plumping.
For his part Castiel was intimately aware of Dean Winchester’s work, though not because he spent hours watching every video on his channel. Impala67 had many followers and even more viewers. He was sociable, comedic, and had a way of telling stories that was very entertaining. His videos covered a wide range of things, from stories to reviews on various movies or products to cooking. These days he’d gotten good enough that he didn’t technically have to work, though he kept a part time position at a mechanic shop. For all his stories, almost all of which had actually happened to him over the years, he kept most of his private life private. This, unfortunately, resulted in even more pining. Even Castiel was aware of all the speculation his students made regarding him and his currently obscured love life, which was almost as irksome as having grown adults do the same thing. They, at least, had fully developed brains.
Dean’s fork paused halfway to his mouth. “Huh?”
I have to be honest with you, I hadn’t posted in a few months partially due to real life being busy, partially because I was scratching my head as to what to do next. You owe thanks to kelsey.jacobs67, they were kind enough to review Tats Trump ‘Tude, but I became concerned for the welfare of those close to them. In an effort to avoid blood sacrifice, a plot bunny was discovered. Several, actually.
Eventually people did come in from work, most of them wet and all of them hungry. They were also exited to find a Slayer drinking their beer. Many insisted on buying him more. Dean hardly complained, even after the usual demands for retellings of his more popular accomplishments. It was after dark before he extracted himself, making his way up to his room. Normally he didn't ascribe to early nights, but he did if he knew there'd be something to fight come morning. Assuming these people were right, and all of them insisted there was a great blue dragon hiding in the local caves, he'd need his sleep.
"Would you kill him after you fuck him?" the Alpha asked briskly, slamming his hood shut.
“I had misread the map, we were nowhere near where we needed to be. I blamed you for insisting on taking the questionably marked roads and not taking the interstate. You blamed me for being a poor navigator. We were hot, we were hungry since there hadn’t been a place to buy food for the better part of a hundred miles, and we were tired. So I got out, I grabbed the smallest bag I’d brought, and I told him I would be hitchhiking home.”
