He turned on the oven for preheating, then sprinkled some flour into his hands and onto the countertop to roll out the dough into a vague bread shape. Reaching behind his back, he snatched a knife from the drawer and cut up the topside of the loaf so the crust wouldn’t break while baking.
The heat radiating off of Cas’ body was pretty nice, though, he had to admit. Unconsciously he leaned a little more onto him, nervousness he didn’t know he had held slowly bleeding from his muscles under the warmth. From the corner of his eyes he caught a content smile on Cas’ face, who was looking ahead into the distance. Maybe this idea hadn’t been so bad after all. Even though it was colder than Dean had anticipated. But seeing Cas like this, sharing a blanket with him under the bright winter sun – it was worth losing one or two toes to the frost.
They had reached their destination, a small hill at the edge of a natural reserve. Dean had only randomly stumbled upon this spot of land when the Impala had broken down once after a hunt and he had been stranded here, waiting for the tow truck.
The drive back to the Bunker was way slower than the one in the morning – soon after they left the gas station it started to cloud up and eventually snow started to fall, impeding the traffic as nobody wanted to end up with their car in a roadside ditch.
Cas didn’t exactly know about this. Dean had dropped some hints at dinner last night that Cas shouldn’t make any plans for the day, but Cas still had his occasional troubles with subtextual communication. Becoming human had not really changed any of that – if anything, Cas just became more easily frustrated or angry with himself when it happened.
The nights were when everything started to fall apart. The quiet of the bunker halls was violent – Dean had never realized just how quiet it was when nobody was there except for himself. Contrary to the Impala, the bunker did not have any sounds on its own because it was built too deeply into the hill; no creaking floor boards or termites living in the wooden attics that usually made up the soundscape of any normal houses (not that there were many Dean had lived in to begin with).
Okay, Dean was definitely having a stroke now. His hands would have started shaking violently if he wasn’t holding Cas’ already and his brain straight up blew out like a lightbulb.
The mound beneath the rumpled sheets moved sluggishly. Then, a low grunt. What Dean had assumed was the back of Cas’ head turned out to actually be the side when he lifted himself up and took a squinting look at Dean. He seemed to search for something to say, gave up and dropped his face into the pillow again. Dean felt his heart pick up the pace. Cas was a
Cas gave him a smile Dean could not quite make out the meaning of, looking down at the loaf in Dean’s hands. “You’re way more crafty than you tend to give yourself credit for. I don’t know how to put it but… the things you touch seem to come alive under your hands. It’s a marvelous characteristic of yours.”
He honestly didn’t know what he had expected to see right then. Maybe not Cas, standing in the shower with his eyes closed, water running down a body that looked like it belonged to a Greek marble statue. Cas had his arms raised over his head to scrub shampoo foam into his scalp – and Dean wasn’t so sure anymore if he’d really win an arm-wrestling match against him. His biceps were
It was maybe the first time that Dean had tried as hard as he could to not leave any room for miscommunications. He wanted Cas to know that he was still welcome at the Bunker – that it was his home as well as Sam’s or Dean’s or even Jack’s (he wasn’t entirely sure if a god even needed a home). He wanted Cas to know that Dean would not push him away, that he was wrong in assuming he could never have Dean. He could now. All he was asking was that they’d go slow.
He took his time filling the basket and wrapped the warm loaf of bread in a dish towel after, putting it on top. For drinks, he heated up some spiced apple juice and filled it into a thermos, as well as coffee into a second one.
They remained like that for what felt like an eternity. Sharing warmth, sharing their breaths, sharing their profound bond that had existed for so long between them; the bond that had been bent so often, but could never be broken. Not by Chuck, not by anyone else who tried to strip them of their free will.
With a resigned sigh he stuck his head through the shower curtain and peeked around the corner into Cas’ stall.
he reminded himself. He didn’t want to chicken out on Cas again when things got serious. And maybe, for once in his life, luck would stay with him for long enough to let all those plans turn into reality.
In a swift movement he pressed his lips to Cas’ temple and said, “Come on, cowboy. Dress up or you’ll catch a cold.”
Dean rubbed his thumb against the side of his mouth. “Well, uh, just you and me. A small road trip, if you will.”
“Dean,” he spoke, and his voice was entirely serious now, “I have told you before, but I will tell you again now:
Only that the shampoo bottle was surprisingly light. Too light. Who the hell left an empty fucking bottle of shampoo in the shower?
Dean tried very hard to dig in his lust-ridden brain for any knowledge on how to do this. He should probably do what he liked himself, right?
He didn’t dare look at Cas at first, afraid of what he would see on his face. Afraid of what would show on his own. When he finally glanced to the side, Cas was watching him, occasionally glancing down on their joined hands. Dean felt a movement under his fingers – Cas had adjusted his position, so their hands now lay more comfortably against each other. Absent-mindedly and hyper-aware at the same time Dean started stroking Cas’ hand with his thumb,
Cas adjusting to being human again over the past few weeks had been difficult – especially because it seemed to be for good this time. Every last drop of his grace was gone, burned out in a final bargain against the Empty to let him go. Dean’s memories of that day were hazy, as if his brain froze up every time he tried to conjure an image of that vast, dark
. He was angry at himself for falling for Lucifer’s dirty phone prank, letting himself actually get his hopes up for a short moment; angry at himself for sitting on his ass the whole damn time and not even
. He had taken all the bottles of alcohol he could find, locked them up in a closet and thrown away the key. He had bought fresh organic groceries from the farmer’s market and cooked himself healthy meals to eat while he binged through his entire collection of
He returned to the Bunker as quickly as possible without disgruntling Miracle – he’d tell Sam to make his afternoon walk extra long as compensation.
Right now, he was driving alone though, and the cassettes were not working. Even Baby’s noises seemed to be drowned out somewhat and all of it made Dean hella uncomfortable. He hated the silence. Hated being alone with his own thoughts. He couldn’t even take a quick sip of Jack to calm his nerves because he forgot his last bottle at the bunker.
The air outside was so cold he could see his breath, and Dean regretted not wearing another sweater underneath the jacket. He let Miracle take the lead to find their usual route around the woods, pushing his hands deep into the pockets of his jeans against the cold.
Speaking of, Cas was already watching the picnic basket with hungry eyes, his stomach seemingly having finally woken up as well. But Dean handed out the coffee first, filling it into small metal cups he had packed for this occasion. Cas took his cup with a grateful smile on his face, eyes lit up when he took a small sip from the still steaming beverage.
Dean cleared his throat and desperately tried to think of something normal to say, tried to act like holding hands with Cas wasn’t almost giving him a stroke right now.
But alcohol could only do so much, and it definitely worsened Dean’s anger problem. He didn’t want Sam coming back to the interior of the bunker entirely disassembled just because Dean wasn’t able to manage his own damn emotions – it had happened way too often in the past and he started getting tired of himself, of his inability to
Before Dean could restrain himself, he looked up at Cas – thank God, he was still wearing those boxer briefs. It didn’t stop Dean from letting his eyes wander for a moment, though, and he noticed that his dick was perking up with interest at the view.
Miracle was already wagging his tail when Dean opened the door to his room, pawing at his pants impatiently as if he wanted to tell him to hurry up or he’d pee right there in the middle of the hallway. Dean gave him a short scratch behind the ears and hurried to the bathrooms. He splashed some cold water on his face, then went and slipped on his jacket and boots before leashing Miracle up and opening the main entrance.
His eyes flickered down to Cas’ mouth. Kissing somebody under the shower… He hadn’t done that in a long time. Slowly, he leaned in and Cas seemed to understand where this was going, because he met Dean halfway.
It was a little clumsy and both their faces were wet, but Dean smiled into the kiss. He could not get enough of the butterflies dancing around in his stomach whenever Cas made that little humming sound around their lips. Soon, the kiss (along with the shower stall) turned a little steamier – Dean felt Cas’ hands beginning to wander, exploring his neck, his shoulders, his chest. They left a prickling sensation on Dean’s skin and he crowded into Cas space until their chests were flush against each other.
It had taken a great deal of effort to convince Sam that he could leave Dean alone for a few days to visit Eileen, that Dean would not drink himself to death or do any other stupid stuff that could bring him into an early grave. He had to promise it to Sam. Sam wasn’t stupid – he knew all of his brother’s dangerous coping mechanisms. He knew that it was different with, with –
That there was still hope in this broken shell of a righteous man whose soul once had shined so brightly.
He tried pressing a few more buttons but nothing changed – the Impala’s speakers remained as silent as they had been since he swerved onto the highway earlier that evening. The car radio had been acting up for a few weeks now, with intermittent periods of only producing static white noise. Today it seemed to be especially insistent on not complying with Dean’s ideas of playing music. He turned it off with a huff, falling back into the driver's seat and putting his hands back onto the steering wheel.
At first, he thought Cas wouldn’t notice that Dean was rock-hard again, that he could wait this one out, even if his balls were slowly turning blue – but then Cas shifted even more against him and there was no way
It wasn’t perfect – the words were stumbling out of his mouth and he was nervous as hell, but Cas had given him an understanding smile. They didn’t talk about the confession itself. They didn’t talk about what it meant for them, for their relationship, but Dean felt like… he was getting there. Slowly, every day, a little closer. And it was the only thing Cas seemed to have endless patience for.
By the time he was almost done, Cas entered the kitchen, sniffing the air with a smile on his face. He was wearing one of Dean’s henleys with a t-shirt underneath, barely hiding the fact that Cas was a little broader around the shoulders than Dean, and his hair was slightly less messy than earlier.
The first thing Dean remembered after getting out was himself on his knees, gripping Cas’ unconscious body tightly, head buried into the crook of his neck. Sam was there, too, talking, trying to get through to him but Dean wouldn’t let Cas go. Even the days after, when the angel-now-human was still recovering, Dean didn’t leave his bedside a single time. And when Cas had finally been in a state to hold conversations again, they had talked.
This was exactly what he had been trying to avoid. Maybe he shouldn’t have gone out on his own at all, but he was tired of sitting around in the bunker, where the walls seemed to close in on him and the halls were too empty at the same time. Where everything reminded him of what had happened, of the battles they had fought and the people they had lost.
“I did. Adjusting wasn’t… easy. It does help that I’m not homeless and out of food or money opposed to last time–” Dean let out a small, guilty wince at the mention “–but all the physical changes are more tiring than I remember. This body is vulnerable and so exposed to its environment, not to speak of all the primordial needs like eating or sleeping. I thought having been around you and Sam and all the others for so long would help, because it made me familiar with the daily routines of a human, but I forgot how overwhelming it all is.”
wasn’t intentional. Dean couldn’t help but let out a small gasp at the sweet friction the movement provided him. He felt Cas going still; then, slowly, Cas turned around and lifted himself up, until he was hovering over Dean.
Dean motioned for Cas to open the glove compartment, telling him to look for the one labeled ‘Led Zeppelin II’ and put it into the deck.
It was already dark when they arrived back at the bunker, their asses completely frozen off to the point even the Impala’s heating could not thaw them.
When the oven had reached the right temperature, he transferred the loaf onto a baking sheet and moved it inside. The recipe said the bread needed to bake for 20 minutes – just the right amount of time to wake up Cas.
“Seems like we accidentally used up all the warm water,” Cas said, half-laughing, doubled over to catch his breath.
He made his way into the kitchen and put on the apron Sam had gifted him for his last birthday. Tiptoeing in front of the fridge, he reached inside to get down the huge bowl covered in a dish towel – when he lifted the cloth, the heavy smell of yeast dough reached his nose. The dough prepared yesterday had risen nice and slow in the cold, just as he had anticipated.
, and he grimaced at the inherent irony of those lines. They had taken Chuck’s powers, finally defeated the one divine power deciding over their fates and in the process achieved true free will – but it didn’t mean a damn thing to Dean if Cas was not there with him to celebrate.
“It’s a surprise, actually. We’re going to drive for a while, so you can continue sleeping in the car, if you want.”
Cas didn’t take long to respond, his lips moving against Dean’s hungrily, hands shifting until they were tightly gripping Dean’s shoulders. Dean lifted his own hands to bring them up against Cas’ jaw and nape, his fingers burying into his hair.
. Of course I will stay. I will stay as long as you’ll have me and I’ll be happy to grow old by your side. I chose humanity over and over again. I chose this. I chose
A sob built up in his throat and Dean realized it was kind of stupid to still try and hold it back at this point. He buried his head in his hands, searched for that deep, dark pit of grief in himself and finally gave in, buried himself into the pain of losing Cas, losing his best friend of twelve years… losing the love of his life.
Lost in thoughts and plans about research Dean got back into the Impala and started the engine. All of a sudden, the radio sprang to life, even though Dean clearly remembered turning it off earlier. The static noise gave way to a sort of squeaking sound, as if somebody played around with the frequencies or the radio signal. Dean tried turning it off – but nothing happened. Instead, the squeaking got louder and louder, until it was almost unbearable.
Cas was silent as he thought for a moment before nodding in agreement and pulling away his blanket to get up. Dean hastily moved to the side, averting his eyes when he remembered Cas tended to sleep in his boxer briefs only. Okay, maybe he peeked
The rain seemed to have stopped some time ago while Dean was sleeping and the sky was almost clear now, speckled with stars and thin veils of clouds. It was colder than Dean expected and he put up his collar against the wind.
Dean wasn’t really able to say anything else after that because Cas was already palming his length through the fabric of his sweatpants. He shuffled around until he could slip out of the pants so Cas had full access, and
He only noticed that tears were streaming down his face when they dripped down his chin and onto the collar of his shirt. The more aggressively he tried to wipe them away the more they started to fog his vision until he had to pull over because the car, the road… everything was a blurry mess.
It had been a little over a week since they defeated Chuck. A little over a week that Jack had absorbed Chuck’s powers, brought back the entire population with a single snap of his fingers and then went off to god-(Jack)-knows-where. A little over a week that Sam received word from Eileen – Dean would never forget the look of happiness and sheer relief on his brother’s face when he realized that Jack had brought her back, too. All of their friends, in fact.
He noticed that Cas was slightly shivering now that the coffee was gone, and Dean spread out a spare folded blanket to pull it up over his shoulders. Cas accepted the blanket with a surprised smile, hugging the fuzzy fabric closer and shuffling around to find a comfortable position. They sat beside each other awkwardly for a moment. Then, suddenly, Cas lifted his right arm holding the blanket and gestured at Dean. The confusion must have been obvious on his face because Cas explained, “We should share the warmth. Your body is not any more resistant to the cold than mine.”
He needed a few minutes to come down from the endorphin high, head pillowed on Cas’ left arm while his right-hand fingers ran over Dean’s clavicle and down his sternum. Dean lifted a heavy hand to cover his face – with the high of his orgasm fading, embarrassment began creeping into his mind. He couldn’t believe he had just let himself go like that.
The words echoed through every corner of his mind as if it had only been moments since they were spoken. Dean could still see Cas standing in front of him, could see the expression of worry and happiness and fucking… fucking
To think that Dean may have been a catalyst in that… differentness – it didn’t make sense. But why would Cas have ranted about it for half of his speech if he didn’t mean it?
“I sure hope Sammy already showered today,” Dean grinned after recovering from the initial shock. The cold water had calmed down the heat in his groin pretty quickly, and maybe that was for the better – he didn’t want to overwhelm Cas today.
version of the events of that night, and when he had tried to bargain with Chuck about bringing everyone back, he felt ashamed at how desperate he had sounded.
Today was a special day. He had pondered long and hard about this, but he had decided, today was the day.
They both felt tired and giddy from being out in the cold for the whole day and Sam only peeked out of his room shortly to greet them – their shared looks and smiles were probably telling enough to not ask further.
When they finally broke the kiss, Dean was panting, his lungs feeling like he had just run a marathon. There were still only a few inches between their faces, but Dean could see the red of Cas’ cheeks and the clouds of his breath – apparently, Dean wasn’t the only one who had temporarily forgotten his body’s need for oxygen.
Now those feelings were back, a billion times stronger, and they were crushing him right where his heart should be. Dean wasn’t even sure if he still had one. Surely no human heart was made for the amount of pain, anger and despair he had gone through over the course of his life.
Slowly, he started moving his fingers up and down, putting a little more pressure towards the tip – and Cas let out a moan that was so loud Dean was afraid even Sam would be able to hear it in his room. Cas’ brows were furrowed in concentration, eyes closed, as Dean continued stroking him, and his breath came out quicker and quicker.
“Dean, this is beautiful.” Cas’ voice was full of admiration as he looked out the car window and took in their surroundings. He had woken up just when Dean was swerving the Impala onto a gravel coated parking site. “And
Dean shrugged, giving Cas a lopsided smile. “You’ll find out soon enough. Just dress warm, and take a scarf from my drawer if you don’t have one. Meet me at the Impala when you’re done.”
“Yeah,” Dean nodded weakly. “And I know you’ve never planned on turning human again, that you’re a celestial creature made for a much, much bigger purpose – but you also told me that I changed you. That you learned to love the world because of, because of
Dean didn’t know what came over him. Maybe it was a spur of the moment thing, maybe it was the fact that they were already sitting so close – he stretched out to the side and took Cas’ cold hands into his own. When he realized what he had done, it was already too late to cop out. His heart started pounding so hard he felt it pulsing inside his own ears.
All this time he had managed to pull himself together – for Sam, for Jack, for saving the world once again. The only time he had allowed himself to cry was right after Cas’ sacrifice but that was mostly out of shock and confusion and fear.
“You’re right. Although I highly doubt, I will ever get accustomed to cold temperatures like these, no matter how much time goes by,” Cas added with a half-hearted chuckle and rubbed his hands to produce some warmth.
Most nights they both slept in their own respective rooms, even though Dean had to admit he liked the occasions when they stayed up late to watch a movie or binge a series and Cas fell asleep beside him, head tilted awkwardly against the headboard. He’d quietly close his laptop and pull a blanket over Cas’ shoulders, nudging him into a healthier sleeping position without waking him up. Cas didn’t seem to mind, because he was usually still there when Dean woke up the next morning. It was one of the steps of going slow, he guessed.
“Well yeah, you didn’t spend all your life learning to live with those needs, getting accustomed to them like any ordinary human,” Dean replied, pondering.
“So, uh, I noticed your wardrobe is a little bit sparse and I thought -, I thought, we could, uh, maybe stop at a dress shop later and get you something nice to-,“ he started but got interrupted by Cas shifting at his side.
They stopped at a gas station to empty their bladders and fill up the Impala’s tank. Just as Dean went inside to pay, he spotted a rack of hats and caps in the corner of the shop. A knit cap with yellow stripes and a big bobble that sat on top of the rack caught his eye, and with a smile on his face Dean took it with him to the checkout. Cas laughed when Dean showed him the cap, but he put it on his head and kept it there the whole drive home.
He didn’t even remember when he had realized that his feelings for Cas went way deeper than just those of an ally, a good friend, a brother. Cas was a constant and at the same time he was not – Dean sometimes didn’t know what to make of his decisions, of his words. After all, Cas was still an angel of the Lord, and angels they just… weren’t human, right? They didn’t feel the way humans did.
It wasn’t long until Dean noticed Cas tensing up, seemingly getting close. Dean doubled his efforts and soon Cas came into Dean’s hand with a shout. He panted for a moment, tension bleeding from his body, and he dropped his head onto Dean’s shoulder in exhaustion.
While Cas was drinking, Dean cut up the bread into thick slices and put some honey on each. When Cas noticed the honey in Dean’s hands, he made an honest-to-god gasping sound and Dean didn’t even have time to warn him about the honey dripping down from the slice before it was gone into Cas’ mouth. He hummed approvingly while chewing and gave Dean a very happy and confident grin with his mouth full. It was downright adorable.
He felt the urge to pet Cas’ disheveled hair, run his fingers through it – and in a moment of audacity, he actually went for it. Slowly he began rubbing the pads of his fingers against Cas’ scalp, running his hands through the dark curls and… Cas seemed to make noises of approval? Dean continued the movements for a while until Cas turned his head again, eyes a little more awake now than before.
Dean was very aware that a car as old as this one wasn’t exactly a role model for ecological friendliness or noise protection. But the roaring of the engine, the shifting of sticks and turn signals, even the doors that never ceased to creak no matter how often he oiled them – all of these were the noises that grounded him, made him feel like he belonged. The road was his home, as was this car.
Dean cleared his throat, trying not to think about the fact that his face had to look beet red right now (he could always excuse it to the hot water temperature). Cas opened his eyes in surprise and gave Dean a signal to wait a moment, until he had washed out the foam out of his hair and slicked it back so it wouldn’t drop into his eyes.
As if all of the above wasn’t enough already, rain started dripping onto the car’s roof and windows, light at first, but soon Dean had to turn on the windshield wiper because he wasn’t able to see a damn thing anymore except for the occasional lights of the oncoming traffic.
Hesitantly and unsure if he understood Cas’ intentions correctly, Dean skidded closer until Cas could wrap one half of the blanket around Dean’s right shoulder. Cas didn’t seem satisfied with the blanket situation yet, because he reached behind them to get another one and pulled it over their shoulders as well. But the blankets weren’t made to cover two grown men that sat five feet apart ‘cuz they’re not gay awkwardly far from each other, so Cas moved as close as he could into Dean’s personal space until their sides were tightly pressed together.
Cas noticed his lack of reaction and already began opening his mouth to backtrack, but Dean couldn’t let that happen. No, Cas was here with him, and he gave Dean a chance, an opening, to finally act on the one thing he had wanted to do for so long now.
He had sacrificed himself multiple times and every time it was harder to get him back, harder to think about the possibility of this being the last time they saw him.
They settled down into one of the “booths” looking towards the valley. The view was almost picturesque, with its soft rolling hills and patches of trees in between. There was even a small lake a few miles north, if Dean remembered correctly. All things considered, it was a nice change from the flat planes around Lebanon and hopefully just close enough to nature for Cas to be able to relax from the stress of the last few weeks.
“Cas, I-“ He started, and Cas watched him so intently that Dean struggled with the words for a moment. “I like being with you. What you said back then, before the Empty took you – it never left me. It gave me the grit to power through, to save you, to save whatever it is we had. You said you could never have me, told me that you-“
If Dean hadn’t been in love with this guy already, now would probably have been the perfect time to start falling.
Cas had made a deal with the most unpredictable entity of all – the Empty. Knowledge about the Empty was scarce and Cas had been trapped in there before, too. Chances were small the Empty would simply let him go like that a second time.
That was how he had ended up behind the wheel of the Impala and started driving. There was no direction he was going in, no destination he had in mind. All he wanted was to get away from the bunker, from the drinking, from the way too hollow feeling in his chest.
It was bliss, having Cas here with him, just the two of them on the open road. Maybe he should think about that road trip idea a little more – they could take a month or two off from hunting, pick out a road and just go for it. Give Sam and Eileen some time to be as lovey-dovey as they wanted (giving him and Cas some time to be as lovey-dovey as they wanted).
He rifled through the kitchen closet for a moment and let out a triumphant “Ha!” when he found an old wicker basket that looked like it came straight out of the 1800s. He knew he had seen that thing around before and it was just what he needed to transport the supplies he had prepared for the picnic – smoked sausages, some cheese, a small jar of honey.
His resolution of a healthy lifestyle had only lasted for about a week. Picking the lock of the booze closet was easy enough, and Sam wasn’t there to give him judgmental looks. He didn’t even want to drink until he passed out – just enough to numb his mind a little, to maybe fall asleep and give his body a few minutes of rest. Was that really too much to ask?
and suddenly the chilly air didn’t feel all that chilly anymore. He looked to the side and mumbled a quick “Thanks, Cas” while fiddling with the bread. Cas had said Dean’s hands were
Cas’ seemed to sense his uneasiness because he pulled up the blanket a little further and put his arm around Dean’s waist, holding him into place like an anchor, until Dean felt grounded enough to slowly drop his hand again.
“I think I’m gonna go and take a hot shower first, get some circulation back into my toes,” Dean said, pointing to the bathrooms, and Cas nodded in agreement.
He felt his face warming up at the direction his thoughts were going and excused himself to the kitchen, telling Cas to take his time getting dressed.
But Dean wasn’t really able to keep his focus on the movie. Now that he and Cas had crossed that special threshold of intimacy with each other, he didn’t really want to stop touching him. It was like a broken dam, all of the desire for physical touch he had held back for so long now pouring out, making him greedy. And the way Cas’ backside was pressed into his hips wasn’t helping with that.
Dean had to turn his head fully to the left to look at Cas now and when he did, their faces were so close their noses were almost touching – nope, better look the other way.
They went silent for a moment. Dean was thinking of something to say, even started opening his mouth to speak, when all of a sudden the water temperature changed and pure ice-water started raining down on them. The noise that left Dean’s throat barely counted as a squeak and they scrambled out of the shower in lightning speed.
During the course of the last two weeks Dean had probably slept around two to three hours per night maximum – and most times, he didn’t at all. He was used to having nightmares by now, but the ones plaguing him ever since they had fought Billy… they were different. Sometimes Dean woke up in the middle of the night and felt Billy’s grip on his heart again, felt the sharp stab of pain as if somebody crushed his ribcage in their fist and there was no room to
“Well-,” Rowena clapped her hands, making them startle somewhat at the harsh sound. “I’m always one for a wee bit of gossip and catch up, but I’m guessing you didn’t invite me here for a chat?”
“Is this- Did the guy leave you his number?” Sam raised an eyebrow at Dean, snorting at the self-satisfied look he got in return. “Kinda cheesy, isn’t it?”
Castiel smiled kindly at Dean, averting his gaze down to where his hands rested in his lap. “Um, so… When I was messaging your brother- again assuming this was you- he said was in college?”
“Didn’t you notice?” Jack piped up quietly from next to them. Dean tears his eyes from his brother to the kid. “There’s no one on the roads, Dean. Everything’s too quiet…”
Killing Jack would rip me apart, Cas. But would it leave me as guilty, if I left Jack to tear apart the world?
“I think we’ve got more of the main ingredients in the supplies, too,” Sam picks up the piece of paper to double-check, eyes scanning across the actual spell. “Yeah! Most of these we can gather up from –
. She has a chance to live her life. And one day… I'll get to see her again. I can’t ask for much more, Cas.”
Small, at first, yet bigger than most smiles he’s seen from Cas. Lips curling at the corners, crow eyes crinkling away, and a glossy sheen to his eyes that Dean
Castiel swallowed nervously, something that Dean realized was very human of him to do. He finally lifted his eyes up from the table to meet Dean’s inquiring gaze, opening his mouth to answer. But if Castiel spoke then, Dean didn’t hear it. Everything had gone silent as Castiel disappeared in a burst of white light, exploding through the room until the bunker was all but gone, nothing left of Dean’s vision except for that intense, blinding light.
a Doctor, as it turned out) didn’t have too many questions for him. Mostly, he just wanted to get a better understanding of the extent of damage that had been inflicted upon Dean. When he started digging a bit further into the supposed ‘thieves’ that had broken into his ‘family barn’, Sam was able to escape from the situation with the excuse of finally calling the police to deal with the situation – which, technically, he was heading to do right now.
There are six people huddled around the wooden bar that Castiel heads for - two of them with drinks in their hands and engaged in light conversation with the other three behind the bar. Castiel’s tense posture relaxes as he’s met with the motherly smile of the Roadhouse’s owners, taking a seat on the stool she gestures him for him to sit on
Sam took his hand off the wheelchair, shuffling behind Dean and pulling him up to a sitting position. He slid his arms underneath Dean’s armpits, straining with Dean’s weight as he pushed them both up, slowly pulling Dean up the side of the Impala until Dean all but collapsed into the seat. Dean dropped his head back against the seats with a heavy sigh, already feeling his arms start to ache from overuse.
The light gave one last pathetic flicker before going still, fading away into nothingness with a few blinks. To Sam’s horror, the hole in his brother's back still remained. No longer as deep as it once was, but with a slow stream of blood still oozing out. Sam let the medical side of his mind take over, pulling the medkit open and yanking out the gauze still in its plastic wrapping. He ripped the plastic off, pulling open the lid of the disinfectant with his teeth before soaking the gauze in it and pressing it over the wound.
Dean just about holds his tongue – pretty much has to bite down on it to stop himself from saying something he shouldn’t – and takes a deep, not at all calming breath. “Any reason you’ve been ignoring both mine and Sammy’s calls?”
The other Castiel snorts. “Our brother doesn’t need anyone.” Standing up again, the older Castiel holsters his gun and grabs a long hunting knife from the tiny kitchenette table near the corner of the cabin. “How am I supposed to believe you?” his older self asks. “How do I know this isn’t some trick of the angels? Or something worse?”
Benny nods slowly. He regards Dean for a moment, glancing past him to watch a couple walk up the road.
Dean recognizes that tremor in Castiel’s voice. That test of bravery. The uncertainty in standing up for himself, as though this is the first time he ever dared to speak up against his own father. As their father draws closer, Dean can smell the alcohol radiating from his breath and skin - he was drunk behind the wheel and
“You know, I came very, very close to telling them to bring you here themselves. But I didn’t have to. They suggested you before your name ever left my lips.”
A flash of light makes Castiel’s eyes fly open again, just in time to see Dean plunge his blade into Alastair’s chest. Alastair howls in pain as a brilliant light erupts from his eyes and mouth. Castiel scrambles back, shielding his eyes as he gapes at Dean in disbelief.
“S’that good?” Dean slurs. Castiel laughs weakly, playfully shoving him off his chest - it’s getting hard to breathe with his weight on top of his body, warm and pleasant as he is to have so close. Grumpy at the sudden loss of contact, Dean curls up beside him and pulls him close, nuzzling against the back of Castiel’s neck.
“I’m blaming you for this, Dean,” Castiel groans. Dean rolls his eyes, standing up to walk over to the pair. A single dandelion draws Gabriel’s attention, and Dean gives Castiel a soft laugh when Castiel tumbles to his feet, only to collapse down onto his back beside Dean on the cool grass.
“You have to be the sword,” Dean says at last. “The weapon heaven can use to stop the apocalypse in its tracks. You have to stop your brother from raising the Devil at any cost. You have to be a vessel for the devil’s closest brother.”
“Cas’,” Dean huffs, “It’s really not...a big deal. You just do it when you want to, and when the other person wants to. No real rhyme or reason to it, most of the time.”
“I...not like that,” Dean murmurs. “I...I guess I raised her. She was a tiny little fledgling. Spunky. Full of life. But she had this problem: she asked too many damn questions. I was supposed to...cut that out of her early on. She was my charge and an angel asking questions is...a dead angel. But I didn’t want to do that...I didn’t want to just...cut out that spark of life in her. So I sent her to be stationed on earth for three hundred years. And lo and behold, she came back with thousands more questions than she started with. She loved humans more than I ever did...and she wanted to be one. I begged her not to. Damn her, she
“Dean. No,” he hisses. His voice is weak, hardly convincing. “No — “ He shoves a hand down Dean’s boxers, much rougher than he intended to. But Dean doesn’t seem to care - he keeps pressing, keeps pushing against Castiel’s fingers. The angle is awkward, but he’s able to take Dean’s cock in his hand, thick and heavy and straining against the fabric, and quickly begin to stroke him. At the touch, Dean reacts like lightning scorching across his skin. He grabs Castiel’s shoulder, the one marked by the raised, red handprint, and a rush of heat floods Castiel’s limbs.
“Oh, buy me a wedding ring then,” Castiel snaps. Dean draws back, struck by Castiel’s words. Castiel takes a sick pride in doing this to Dean; in throwing him off balance like Dean has done to him. Making
“That’s your problem, Castiel," he continues idly. "You’ve always been a religious man, haven’t you? But you’ve never had any faith. ”
An agonized howl pierces the silence - Garth’s scream. The flicker of grace in Castiel’s soul aches, and he knows at once that Garth is dead. Cursing under his breath, he runs just as he hears voices sound above him and dives for the opening of the mouth of the cave, engulfing him in darkness. Blindly, he grapples for any kind of handhold, but it isn’t long until he spots a small beacon of light. He bolts forward, coming out the other side.
Dea looks at him and shakes his head. “The same reason anyone would want to. To raise the Devil. But we don’t...know
“You’re making a dangerous choice, Castiel,” Dean says slowly. “And killing this witch will be harder than you think. Believe me. But if this is your choice...then it’s your choice. Kill the witch. Don’t let the Seal break.”
“We’ll have to hit this thing with everything we’ve got,” Balthazar warns him. Balthazar is hardly a hunter when he doesn’t want to be. With menial knowledge of the supernatural, he knows his way around weaponry enough to help Castiel out on the occasional hunt, enough that he’s grown to be effective in his own right. But now, he’s fully on, fully sober, and fully ready to take on whatever thing this creature is. Castiel grimly agrees with him - everything they’ve got might not even be enough. He only wishes that Lucifer were here with them. Castiel has always been a better hunter with his brother by his side.
Dean’s words echo in his head from the night they met, chilling Castiel to the bone as he rolls them around in his mind. He can only imagine what kind of work an angel would want him to do, even if he cannot possibly imagine
It feels like the most natural thing in the world to run back to the pond’s edge and quickly begin flipping over rocks, looking for salamanders to beat his brother’s record. He keeps stealing glances at his mother, her brown skirt blowing in the wind, watching the two of them with her head held high. She’s happy, he realizes. They both are.
“You knew you would go down there?” Dean asks suspiciously. “Really? ‘Cause, it doesn’t seem like you know a damn thing.”
“And be sure to bring cash,” he points out. “These guys don’t get paid by the owners of the clubs - it’s all tips. There’s a reason why most strip club owners go to hell, Castiel. Grab your wallet and let’s run.”
Ahead, Dean watches as Castiel slowly brings his arms up to the level of his head. Slowly, he raises his arms and hands in front of him, bringing them down in front of him sharply before repeating the motion again. With a start, Dean realizes he’s acting as a conductor of an invisible orchestra, commanding music that only Castiel can hear inside the musical expanse of his own mind. The movement of his hands changes, spread wide across an invisible piano for a vast audience in Castiel’s own imagination. In the dark, Castiel looks like a ghost; but Dean knows he’s merely painting astounding portraits of music and sound.
Unable to believe what he’s seeing, Castiel watches as the dancer steps up onto the stage and begins circling his hips to the rhythm of the music. The song from before ended, shifting into something lower and more sensual that Castiel doesn’t recognize. The beat is fast enough for the man to hook a leg around the pole and spin with a grace that startles Castiel - and Dean, by the looks of it. Dean’s grin is wide and if Castiel didn’t know any better,
“I’ve conducted every test that I could think of on you while you were asleep,” his other self says with a sigh. He places his gun down on the table with a tilt of his head. “Holy water. Silver. Salt. And yet, you’re remarkably clean. What am I supposed to do with that?”
Dean ignores him as he sits down on the bed and begins lacing up his boot. A part of him knows that Sam is right. But he doesn’t care.
“Yeah, yeah okay,” Dean says quickly. “We should probably go.” Dean swallows thickly as he pockets his blade. “Before the other angels find us. Sound like a plan?”
“You sure you don’t know what did it, mate?” he asks quietly. The lack of trust in Balthazar’s eyes makes Castiel’s body feel heavy. He stares the elder hunter straight in the eye.
“Yeah,” Dean says quickly. “Uh...it was at the base of the tree. I guess it came off when you, uh...fell. The clasp is broken, though. Sorry."
I wanted to post chapters once a week since I have them all written out and simply edit/revise them before I place them here - but I was so excited to share this with you all that I've been posting all over the place! There's one more chapter left after this one, and I'm hoping with all my might that it's gonna be a good ending to this story that's been sitting in my head for so many years.
Usually, he sleeps. Every day, he wakes up to find Dean wrestling with the stove, getting slightly better each time. He even manages to boil pasta without it foaming over or turning the noodles into mush. Soon, Castiel stops waking up to the smell of burning plastic altogether and Dean’s cooking becomes almost edible. In Balthazar’s small, black box, Dean’s grace remains safely tucked away, and Dean doesn’t touch it or even mention that it’s there.
Dean rakes his lip over his bottom teeth. “What do you propose I do, then?” he asks quietly. “I can’t just...turn my back on everything I’ve ever known. That’s what Jo did, and look at where she ended up. She’s wanted in heaven and I’m risking everything to protect her. Robert? A monster so obsessed with revenge, I had to put him down and failed.”
They sit in silence for a long moment. Castiel looks at his glass, grateful for the presence of something to hold in his hands. His other hand trembles as he speaks again.
Digging around in her jacket, the doctor pulls a small, blue book from her pocket and opens it up, handing it to Castiel to see.
as though this were Dean’s tragedy and not his own. “Michael is waiting in the car for me as we speak. I should go to his funeral. I can’t miss it, of course.”
“I said what I said, Dean,” John says at last, still refusing to look at his son. “If you two walk out that door, don’t expect me to welcome you back.”
The wind howls. Castiel and Balthazar fire their weapons, once, twice, and then again. But the bullets bury themselves in his body as though they were nothing but a summer’s breeze against his skin. He’s headed straight for Castiel, the faint, knowing smirk never once leaving his chiseled face. Castiel and Balthazar look at one another frantically, before Castiel reaches for the demon blade, holding high for the creature to see. A warning. Now merely feet from Castiel, the two circle one another, their gazes locked in a tight, unfaltering challenge.
dead want the earth dead. I’ve been a lousy leader and heaven is itching for a reset - even the ones who aren’t running off to join Samuel.”
Castiel swallows thickly. Dean’s eyes bore into his own with a startling intensity. Meeting his eyes always makes Castiel shiver involuntarily, like he’s staring into something far more vast and cosmic than himself. Dean had saved his life several times now - had raised him from hell. Castiel can’t begin to make sense of the
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, terrified and awestruck by the sight. It’s the most vivid meteor shower Castiel has ever seen; dozens upon dozens of them breach through the clouds, tumbling down to the earth as far as the eye can see.
That puzzles Dean, but he doesn’t push. Couldn't he just tell them he'd be a little late...? But then again, Dean knows better than to question his own father's demands - when he has them.
” Dean can feel his eyes burn with tears. He’s grateful that it’s dark - that Sam can’t see him fighting not to cry.
Balthazar is as baffled as Castiel. He sits on the chair across from him, watching him carefully. “So...holy Christ, Castiel. Do you remember anything?” he asks hesitantly. “From hell?”
Castiel watches stunned as the other presses a hand to his mouth in an effort not to cry. He grips the table, squeezing his eyes shut as he gropes inside his jacket pocket for a bottle of pills, quickly swallowing down three before shoving the bottle back inside. Very slowly, his ragged breathing begins to still.
if the Devil gets booted out of the cage. You’re a hunter, right Castiel? You of all people should know the virtue of sacrifice.”
“You have to come back to earth with me so we can stop Lucifer from starting the apocalypse. We might not have much time - if he hasn’t already, Lucifer only has one more Seal to break.” Castiel stares at him, unblinking. Refusing to let Dean believe this is all a figment of his own mind. If Dean is being reprogrammed as they speak, they don’t have much time.
. He recognizes the song playing on the speakers - “Cherry Pie”. Castiel swallows the lump in his throat as they push past a clutter of long, flat tables. Cloaked in a neon purple light, the club has a wide stage across the back with three metal poles connected from the base up to the ceiling. Several more, smaller stages sit near the corners. Two men with tanned skin and black thongs nod at them as they walk in. Castiel accidentally catches the eye of the taller one and flushes down to his chest.
“We can’t afford to bring someone in to tune it,” Castiel murmurs. “But it still makes beautiful music, even when slightly run down. Most people do not appreciate a musical instrument that doesn’t perform its job exactly as it should...but it’s still capable of creating something beautiful.”
“It...it does matter, Dean,” Castiel says. “Being human...understanding a world beyond where you’ve been raised? That matters. Even if it doesn’t matter to heaven.”
Castiel shakes his head. Truthfully, he doesn’t know what he wants. He hates having lived with no sense of self. The shame of years upon years of repression and lingering murmured whispers of the evils of being gay. He just spent a half-hour in the car with an angel who told him that angels don’t care. That God Himself doesn’t care. He may not know why he went to hell, but surely that couldn’t be it. Could it?
It had been three weeks since his confrontation with Naomi. Three weeks of desperately trying to contact Lucifer with no luck. Three weeks of searching for any hint of what the next Seals could be and how to stop them from being broken. Three weeks of
“Balthazar...do you think it could have been Lucifer who made a deal? Do you think he would have been responsible for raising me?”
“Well...you said it yourself, Dean. ‘The whims of heaven are my own, but it does not mean I am not bound by them.’ You’re disobeying. You’re...doing what you think is right. Not what heaven thinks is right. That’s...a good thing. You’re thinking for yourself.”
That’s definitely Castiel’s voice. Dean had been right - Castiel was here for his job. A job that, apparently, requires sneaking out of the house at midnight to a shady bar.
“Oh, don’t you give us that look,” the other angel snaps. “It’s one town. Blowing this place off the map means killing a few thousand versus several
he had told Dean. And suddenly, Dean knows exactly what Castiel had meant. Dean feels sick -- and he’s too weak to beg. Too weak to plead for Castiel to stay. It would be cruel. Another betrayal, another failure on Dean’s part. But maybe if he just believes this isn’t for real --
Jodi sighs. She kneels in front of Dean, gently dabbing the wet cloth over his bloody face as Castiel watches. His hand twitches, but he says nothing more. Dean hisses in pain but forces himself to stay still as she gently cleans his face.
Dean doesn’t look up. Not even when Sam comes in and silently places something on the bedside table next to Dean before leaving again. Dean only cries softly into his pillow, slamming his fist down against the mattress with a soft groan as his whole body shakes and heaves. Finally, pushes himself upright as the weight of everything he’d just seem settles heavily in his chest. He looks beside him. On the table, Sam had left a bottle of beer and a small grilled cheese sandwich. Despite himself, Dean digs into the food, not realizing how hungry he’d been.
. He scrambles out of bed and charges downstairs, stopping just short of the kitchen where the smell is strongest —
Dean nods. “Yeah, I’m done with it. I thought I’d change my mind...but...y’know. I don’t think I will. Being human is...really weird. But so far, my biggest complaint is having to pee every five hours.”
“Watch your hands around me!” he barks. Castiel whimpers, but glares at him weakly as he holds the broken necklace close to his chest. Stiffening, Dean nearly runs to help the boy up — but the dark glare from his older brother roots him to the spot.
“Dude...you don’t have to put up with that. If they’re that creepy, get the hell out. Work someplace else.”
Dean frowns, wiping his chin when a dribble of milk spills down past his lips. “I think it was my Father. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen his face. He was throwing a ball at me and I kept dropping it. He told me if I couldn’t catch it, I wouldn’t be ready.”
“So I’ve heard,” Castiel murmurs. Dean brushes his knuckles against Castiel’s hand, making him twitch. The small movement could have been an accident, but Castiel knows that it isn’t. Dean nods once towards Garth.
Dean sighs. He looks down at his feet, unable to answer right away. At his feet, a small cricket jumps between his shoes before hopping away into the grass. He watches it go, momentarily distracted.
Castiel shakes his head. He grabs his shoes, silent and stiff as he pulls them on his feet. Concerned, Dean sets his magazine down on the floor with a puzzled frown.
He snaps his fingers. The bonds on Dean’s chair undo themselves. Slowly, Dean sits up and stands at Alastair’s side. His eyes burn in a deadly, white glow as he stares straight through Castiel - a predator identifying its prey.
“Sorry for the theatrics. Michael’s mind was...more difficult to tap into than I thought. Especially considering he came here willingly.”
“No. It wasn’t. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me. I don’t really have...um...friends.”
"Did you hear Dean play the piano earlier, Gabriel?" Castiel asks softly. He stands up from his spot on the bench, moving to lift Gabriel into his arms. The little boy nods, glancing over at Dean before leaning his head down to rest against his older brother's shoulder.
Castiel lifts his head again. “The angel?” Dean nods. Castiel furrows his brow, trying and failing to make sense of it. “Why would an angel kill his own kind?”
It’s the pinnacle of the American Dream without the nuclear family to call it a proper home. With their mom no longer in the picture, it would just be the three of them.
As the two of them sit in silence, Dean listens to the familiar sound of the out-of-tune piano waft through the window. He smiles, breathing a laugh as Sam hears it, too.
“Excuse me - “ He flashes her his badge. “I’m Agent Harkness. I’m here about the missing girl - Joanne Harvelle. Is there anything you can tell me about her?”
Dean shakes his head. “Nah. Don’t be. I was getting sick of this place, anyway. They can find someone else to lead them.” He looks at Castiel. Much to Castiel’s surprise, Dean smiles and claps his hands together. “Always wanted to be a runaway. Like that uh, Bon Jovi song, y’know? ‘
A sense of urgency floods his veins. He’s done hiding. He can’t do this anymore, and he doesn't want to. He won’t. He doesn’t care about the consequences, doesn’t care about his own fear or uncertainty or whatever else had been holding him back before. He lurches himself out of bed and grabs his shoes. He was going to go over there and stop whatever the hell was happening, even if it meant he’d get hurt in the process. Castiel is his friend. His best friend. He doesn’t care if he’s
When Castiel comes to, he has a wicked headache. His vision spins into focus as he groans softly to himself, registering that he’s sitting upright with his hand secured to a bedpost by a metal handcuff. He tugs at it uselessly, baring his teeth as he tries to make sense of his surroundings.
The other chuckles. “You’d be surprised what’s out there. It’s written in the language of God, so none of us could even read it. It took us three years to track down the devices needed to tap into the “factory settings” of another angel who
They look at one another, smiling endlessly like they don’t have anywhere else to be. Like they shouldn’t be running from this place as fast as they can. Castiel doesn’t care. He stands there, looking at Dean, his thoughts swimming with everything he could have. Everything he wants. And all he would have to do is cross the distance between them and -
Dean sighs. “Yeah, sure — but you’re not getting off the topic of not having kissed anyone. I still find that hard to believe.”
“I can do that if you can,” Dean says, letting the words linger on his tongue as though trying to convince himself. “I can...we can stop...blaming ourselves. I can try.”
Castiel shakes his head. “Your presence is a consuming thing, Dean. It is hard to pretend you are not around me when we are together. I’ve tried.”
But as much as he can tell that Dean wants to return - to protect Jo - he knows it will be better if he doesn’t.
“Brothers, right? They're real jerks,” Dean continues, trying to lighten the mood a little. “I’ve got one at home, too.”
Sitting alone, Dean peers out across the water, the gentle push and pull of the incoming tide not quite reaching his feet in the sand. Castiel watches him for a moment, the breeze stirring his hair as he squints against the sun. This must be Dean’s heaven - a beach. He didn’t even think angels - archangels - had their own heaven. Hesitantly, he pads across the white sand, wondering if Dean knows that he’s here, or if he simply is ignoring his presence. When Castiel walks up beside him, Dean doesn’t even look up; he stares across the water, transfixed on the gentle waves as he hugs his knees close to his chest.
Her left eye is a bright, beet-red. He swallows thickly before asking again, “Who is killing the angels? And how? Is it you?”
Castiel grips the steering wheel tightly. A rumbling discomfort churns in his stomach. He had hoped to find more concrete answers about his faith with an angel almost literally perched on his shoulder. Now, he has more questions than ever before.
He waits. He sits and he waits, staring out the window, watching as the car carrying the Novaks’ father drives away. Moments later, Dean hears sirens blare down the normally-quiet street, growing in volume. Moments later, an ambulance pulls up to the Novak house and two EMTs quickly pull out a stretcher from the back. Dean doesn’t even breathe or wait for Sam to speak; he explodes out of his chair and races out the door. He charges across the lawn as they disappear inside the house and quickly re-emerge outside with a small body on a stretcher. Dean’s stomach sinks. He stares, rooted in place until Castiel is hurrying outside with his coat loosely trailing behind him
“We...copulated, so to speak. And then the vampires hunting me down found him when I left and ripped him limb-from-limb. He had been waiting for me to come back.”
“Angel,” Castiel breathes. He shakes his head quickly as memories of the day before flood through his mind all at once. “
And then silence. The nothingness. The anticipation of pain, the jerking, terrifying agony in waiting. Castiel waits. But nothing comes. Not the noise, not the flickering of the television. There is nothing. Castiel gathers a pocketful of food and makes his way to Balthazar’s house, his head buzzing with answers that would not come.
Dean nudges Castiel again. At a loss for words, Castiel stammers out a quick “no thank you” as the man nods in understanding. But Dean, clearly, has other plans.
He could live right here forever in this happy memory from home. And that’s the point of it all - of heaven.
Giving him one final look, Castiel wrenches his gaze away and charges towards the clearing, his heart pumping in his chest as he makes his way for the clearing. Scrambling over one of the rocks, he slides down and makes his way for a large, dark opening between two in the middle of the thick ocean of rocks.
Quietly, as not to wake Gabriel, the two creep down the steps once Dean gathers his things. By the door, they say a quick goodbye before Castiel begins to shut the door. Dean catches it before he does.
“I don’t know,” Dean shrugs. He slurps the milk out of his bowl, setting it down with a please sigh when the bowl is empty. “It wasn’t that different from what he used to tell me his whole life. But then, in my dream, he turned into a chicken. Then I woke up.”
“He was going to kill Lucifer,” Lucifer’s voice says, not looking up from the sight of older Castiel’s bleeding body. His brother’s voice is otherworldly, measured, and not his own. Castiel realizes, with a jolt, that it’s the Devil speaking through him. With a shaking hand, the Devil reaches into the dying Castiel’s jacket pocket and pulls out the tablet.
The woman sighs. She’s a stocky woman, her pinched face pulled into a tired, impatient grimace as she places her hands on her hips. A white lab coat hangs over her shoulders.
Inside, the empty floor is large and streaked with mud. In the dim light, Castiel has to squint to see anything, but he quickly realizes he doesn’t need to.
“Wait, this is the farm where I grew up,” Castiel breathes. He gazes at the house, amazed to see it standing whole like it had when he was a little boy. “I used to...I used to think the house was watching me when I sat here. It scared me, sometimes. Other times...it made me feel safe. Lucifer and I would come here and feed the ducks. Sometimes Lucifer would chase them, try and catch the little ducklings in his hands…” He shakes his head in wonder, realizing that he’s smiling. He never thought he’d see this place again. This place of happy memories before everything turned bad and ugly.
"You're gonna stay and help unpack," their father says. Sam, always one for steely logic, passes their father a sharp glare.
“So you’re...torturing again?” Castiel asks quietly. The other gives him a dark look but says nothing more.
Dean makes a noise between a whine and a hysterical giggle. Feeling foolish, Castiel’s shoulders shake with silent laughter as Dean gives him a playful shove, nearly toppling him over onto the sand. At that moment, Castiel feels light - like all of their problems could simply melt away, here and now. He could sit here forever - no apocalypse. No death. No blood. But he knows that this happiness is only temporary and that time is running out as they speak. Acting on a whim, Castiel hesitantly lifts his hand and gently places it over Dean’s. The other looks down at their hands, blinking in surprise before slowly looking back up to meet Castiel’s eyes.
“Perhaps. Maybe I’ve been fallen from heaven for so long I’ve forgotten what makes a human soul fit for paradise. The rules...never made sense to me. That’s part of the reason why I chose to fall.”
“I want to take him away from this place. This summer,” Castiel says suddenly. Dean looks at him, a bit surprised.
“You shouldn’t,” she agrees. “You’re human, now. Let me take care of this - you and Castiel need to...well, I’ll let you decide that, yeah?”
about trying to do something like this will be struck down before they can even start. Things are...ramping up. Escalating, I guess. We didn’t see this coming.”
Dean and Castiel meet eyes before the two angels disappear, leaving Castiel alone on the street corner. He climbs into the driver’s seat of the car, feeling dazed and on-edge when he realizes how much the car still smells like Dean. How his whole body still
Dean rolls his eyes. He doesn’t turn it off, but he does lower the volume to listen to what Sam was saying. He points outside, and after a moment, Dean hears it, too; the faint sound of an out-of-tune piano. He flips the record off quickly, scrambling onto his own bed by the window to listen to the sound. Gentle, expertly played, yet tragically out of tune on a run-down piano, the sound is undeniably familiar as it wafts softly through the house next door. It’s enough to make Dean stop and listen with rapt attention. Just like when Dean listened to Castiel play before, he can hear the lyrics in his head, clear as day, as though somebody was singing right along with the melody drifting in a gentle pool of chords and rhythm in the night;
Dean swallows. His first instinct is to look around the room for any unfriendly eyes, as though the touch of his friend is some sin to be reprimanded. But here, in Castiel’s bedroom, they’re entirely alone.
Dean nods. “In the flesh. Well, I wasn’t in the flesh then. I am now. This suit isn’t really me. It’s my vessel."
“Where did you say you worked again?” Dean asks, feigning innocence. Castiel looks past him at the wall.
"I'm sorry, Sammy," Dean finally whispers. He feels responsible for this. If he had just come home sooner. "Dad just - you know how he gets…"
Stunned, Castiel blinks at Dean. His head is foggy and sluggish - must be a concussion. It takes him a minute to register Dean’s words. “My brother...Lucifer...came in and killed Naomi? I don’t understand.”
“If you boys are gonna start fighting, I’ll toss you out quicker than I let you in,” Jodi warns, sensing the tension. Castiel stands abruptly, looking flushed.
Dean wishes he knew what to say. He hates being helpless — and he hates his friend being helpless even more.
As he works on securing the rocks half-in the ground, he hears the patter of rain above him, but no longer feels it pelting against his skin. Glancing behind him, he sees Dean holding an umbrella above Castiel’s head to shield him from the rain, getting Dean wet in the process.
another man to touch him, to hold him, and love him the way Dean does. Benny’s ugly death was not a punishment for daring to love another man, either. He has to believe that, now.
but small hunts and increasingly sleepless nights with Balthazar’s seemingly-endless whiskey bottles growing emptier and emptier as the nights drag on by.
Balthazar shrugs unhelpfully. “Hey, you don’t exactly put yourself out there. Figured a pretty angel boy would be just your style. He even saved you from hell - your own knight in shining armor. Look, I’m straight as a board and I’d be throwing myself on any man who did
“Hey, man, you alright?” Dean asks, gently poking Castiel’s side. Castiel jumps, blinking frantically as though just realizing Dean was sitting beside him. His food goes almost entirely untouched.
Dean stiffens where he sits, his jaw noticeably clenching in the bright room. “I suspected it. But I didn’t know for sure. I...felt it would do you more harm than good to fill your head with that kind of suspicion when I had no way of knowing for sure. I just knew you didn’t go because of your sexual orientation. Or because of you failing anybody.”
Castiel looks at Dean warily. His eyes seem to crinkle, as though trying unsuccessfully to piece together what Dean is trying to say.
“Unexpected?” Dean asks. “Yeah. Figures. Humans love to wave the Bible around and harp on and on about what they think God wants. ‘Don’t be gay, don’t be yadda, yadda, yadda...I can’t keep up anymore. Truth is, we angels barely understand what God wants most of the time.”
Inside, the walls are a musty yellow. Dark, brown pews, undoubtedly old and worn down from years of use, line the inside. He peers around, gazing at the massive stained glass lining the walls as the sunlight trickles through, providing dim lighting within. The patterns are remarkably recognizable; with a jolt, Castiel realizes he’s seen them before in Joanne’s journal from back at the hospital.
They look at one another and laugh nervously. Castiel feels years younger, like a teenager giggling over a crush. An experience he never got to have when the time had come for him to have it.
Guns raised, the steely focus of the two hunters sets upon not a monster, but a man. Standing tall with narrow eyes and a leather jacket hanging loosely from a gray t-shirt, he walks with slow, steady purpose. Sharp cheekbones cut across his face. Wide, green eyes stare into Castiel’s own. As Castiel takes in his presence, he notices the man wearing ripped jeans and black, lace-up boots - possibly a demon. But the guns do little to phase him -- even with them raised in warning, he smirks and continues his slow tread across the dirt. Thunder crashes around them, the lights raving and thrashing in the dark as though in an attempt to flee from the man’s commanding presence. Castiel knows power when he sees it -- and though this person, this thing could easily just be another man in the wind, a hunter, even -- the power he exudes is raw and unfaltering.
was the first song on the A side that started blaring from the speakers and Dean saw Cas moving and mouthing along the lyrics from the corner of his eyes.
“Dean, I…” Cas hips bucked again, getting himself a little more fraction against Dean’s thigh this time, his gaze dark and heavy. “I want you to touch me.” There was a desperate edge in his voice and Dean had to swallow down hard before moving his hands towards Cas’ shaft, closing his fingers around it.
His phone showed him that it was way after midnight already. Sam had tried to reach him. He decided to call him back tomorrow – and he would tell him to get his ass back to the bunker soon because they got work to do.
For a moment Dean could not read the expression on Cas’ face. Then, he pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips.
Dean was not used to silence. He usually had somebody riding shotgun, for one. Over the years Sam seemed to have developed some sort of Pavlovian reflex to Dean turning on Zepp at night – he fell asleep within five minutes, trying to out-snore his brother, who was often humming along. But even when the music was low, with Sam sleeping quietly and Dean not humming, there were still Baby’s own noises.
They temporarily parted to grab some spare clothes from their respective bedrooms and met again at the showers. The men’s bathroom had six shower stalls altogether, but only four of the showers were actually working.
He clenched his teeth and gripped the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turned white, desperately trying to hold back the lump he felt rising at the back of his throat.
It was a little awkward, undressing right beside Cas. He pointedly didn’t look where he assumed Cas must be standing butt naked right now, but one leg of his trousers thwarted his plans – just as Dean tried to pull his foot through, he got caught and hobbled around inelegantly for a moment, trying to regain his balance. He was already expecting an unpleasant meeting between his rump and the cold, hard tiles of the bathroom floor, when a strong arm grabbed him and stopped him from falling.
“Yeah, I did. Bit different from pie, but after browsing through some online forums I found a good tutorial to make it work.” He deliberately left out the part where he had done a trial run last week and ended up with three small, rock-solid bricks that did not deserve the title “bread” in the slightest. He had fed them to the murder of crows that lived in the woods while he was out with Miracle, so neither Sam nor Cas would notice.
Dean felt the anger from earlier bubble up again, scorching hot, as if rising directly from the bottoms of hell – which wasn’t even an exaggeration, Dean knew the place too damn well. He was angry at Chuck for putting them through every second of his divine ego-trip; angry at Jack for disappearing like that when they had tried to give him a home these past few years 'cause the dude was
“Isn’t it kind of counterintuitive to spend a prolonged time outside when the human body is so vulnerable to freezing temperatures?”
The rush of adrenaline in his veins felt both breathtaking and intoxicating. Kissing Cas was like a heavy fog lifting around him for the first time, everything around him shining crystal clear in a new found sense of awareness. It felt like an epiphany, like being grounded on the earth while floating a few feet over it simultaneously. Every last space left in his brain was occupied with the sensation of Cas’ mouth against his, with the way their breaths mingled and the feeling of Cas’ cold tip of the nose pressed against his cheek.
They spread their blankets beneath a tall tree that was crowning the hill like a lone wanderer – Dean didn’t know what kind of tree it was, but it had to be pretty old, considering the huge diameter of the trunk and the way the roots had shaped the earth around it into cozy booth-like spots.
Dean wished he could have just one more moment with Cas, to tell him the truth. To tell him that Cas had changed him, too. That he cared about him.
He felt like a damn teenager again, and he didn’t like it. Every corner of his body was tingling and his hormones seemed to be riding on a freaking rollercoaster. He really needed to get himself under control again.
They stayed for a few more hours after, eating the rest of their provisions and drinking heated apple juice to warm up from the inside – when they had emptied that thermos as well, they decided it was time to go home. Dean had stopped feeling his feet some time ago already and he really needed to pee.
The rain had toned down to a gentle dribbling and for a moment he just sat there, taking in the silence-that-was-not-quite-silent, reminiscing on the smile and the tears on Cas’ face as he had said those words.
While Dean was still thinking about Cas’ hands and how much he would like to hold them, they continued to share half the bread and drink coffee, keeping the rest of it for later. Dean didn’t exactly have a concrete idea on how long they would stay here, but at least they wouldn’t starve if it turned out to be a few hours.
“I, uh… yeah, I know I prayed to you…” Dean found he couldn’t stand Cas’s gaze boring into him anymore, letting his gaze drop down to the ground. “Jack really stopped you?”
“I know what I did to my sons was a crappy thing,” John’s confession takes Castiel by surprise. “I didn’t see it back then.
Plus, even though he feels bad for how distraught Jody looked at the sight of him, he still kinda wanted to see Claire’s reaction.
“Kinda surprising-,” Dean added, catching Sam’s attention. “-Since I would have thought you and Eileen would be getting down to business.”
The amusement on Sergei’s face had disappeared completely now. His gaze had been fixated on Dean ever since he had felt the mark for himself, a look of… actually, Dean wasn’t too sure
But it was Cas who seemed to be struggling that little bit more. It was Cas who had a harder time catching his breath, sucking in deep lungful’s of air like he couldn’t quite get enough. It was Cas who, just as they were stepping off the small sandy shore of the lake and rounding towards home, suddenly collapsed to his knees onto the cold ground as he held onto Dean.
“Tell ya what, soon as we get you back into your body, we’ll head out to a bar. I’m telling you Cas, there’s no better wingman than me. The girls will be clambering over themselves for a shot at you. Get you some better memories, yeah?”
“Now what we have here… is a rare occasion. The second I’ve seen. Most of humanity believes angels to be God’s messengers… there to pass on the good Lord’s words to those that are meant to hear it. Some believe them to be God’s minions, there to dish out miracles when God is… unavailable. Neither of these are true. Angels are
But it didn’t heal him completely. It seemed almost alive, like it was struggling as it healed him.”
“And everything else,” Jack confirmed. “You would have your grace back, of course. It would be nice to have you with me as I rebuild all that Chuck has destroyed.”
would be clamoring over themselves to get him in, throwing scholarships at him left and right. Which is exactly what happened.
His senses feel like they're going to overload, trying to take in every little detail they can, all at the same time; the small, desperate whining sounds he can hear from the back of Castiels throat, the sharp, angular lines of Castiels body pushed against his own, the earthly, 'about to rain' smell that Cas always seemed to emit, though now it was almost overpowering, and yet, he couldn't get enough of it.
“I’m sure,” Eileen leaned up on her tiptoes, planting a kiss on his stubbled cheek, then another on his lips, lingering there for a moment longer before pulling away. “Think it’s about time you shave off that five o’clock shadow, too.”
,” Castiel admits. “I never even let myself imagine what it would be like, because… I knew it could never happen.”
“Fuck, Dean. I’m close,” Castiel moaned in warning, his pace beginning to quicken. “I’m not going to last much longer.”
“It was certainly something to behold,” Castiel called back to him. “How much water did you inhale upon impact?”
“I bet these puppy eyes work a little too well on Dean,” Eileen ran her fingers through Miracles soft curls, whose tail began thumping harder in response. “I bet you guys give her everything she asks for.”
“Not for a good few hours, but sure,” Sam’s voice to his left makes Dean startle, nearly punching the sink under his hands in his flailing. Sam was leaning against the doorway, already dressed up in his own formal suit and tie, watching Dean’s mini-breakdown with a raised brow. “You losing your memory again or something?”
He didn’t care that Eileen and Sammy were right there next to them, didn’t care if they knew or not. He was done with the hiding, the pretending, the worry over what others would think of him. All that mattered was he had Cas back, the had another chance to do this
“Alright-,” Dean gave the table a small slap, the action getting him a questioning eyebrow raise from Cas. “What’s the plan now, Cas? You gonna hop out of me, find some poor devout sucker willing to take you in?”
Castiel’s smile grew at the challenge. Not one that showed off any pearly whites mind you. It was a smile harder to see, one that softened the eyes. “Hmm, well… I get the feeling you’re not a tea kind of guy,” Castiel guessed correctly, leaning forward with a sly smirk on his face. “You might say… It’s not your cup of tea.”
The surface under his back is hard enough that his shoulder blades have begun to ache, a consistent and uncomfortable pressure that forces him up to his feet. Once his body listens to his commands and has him taking in his surroundings, he’s able to take in the sight of the smooth, tarred road he had been laid out on, stretching out in front of him before bending around a corner and out of sight. Most of the road was surrounded by dense forest on either side, the few rays of light breaking through the tangled branches of the treetops shining down on the sun-bleached grass.
It hurt Dean- knowing he might not hear Castiel say those words again. Such kind words that made his chest feel funny and light, something he hasn’t felt in… in a long, long time. Though now, peering at Cas over his glass, he wonders if that feeling has been there this whole time. Dean wouldn’t put it past himself… Something like that would quickly be filed into the “don’t touch with a ten feet pole” file in his brain… which, now he thinks about it, is filled with interactions with Cas. The first time he saw him smile, the first time his gravelly laughter caught him off guard… The memory of his arm thrown over Cas’ shoulder, the absolutely baffled look on his face as they walked out of that brothel. Even then, Cas had no clue what was going on, but he was smiling – because Dean was.
Memory Cas's eyes were alight with grace, the reddish light emitting from the room casting the shadows of his wings against the walls.
“I didn’t know you could play?” Castiel finds it almost criminal to interrupt the beautiful melody Dean was creating.
“We won’t know until we look into it further,” Dean answered, turning cautious eyes over to the door, unsure as to whether the footsteps he heard were heading towards their room. “And we can’t do that until we get back home to the bunker…”
so plz don't kill me just yet... I beg of you... or like, don't dox me, or whatever else. It's not over yet! I promise!
“Fair enough…” Dean mumbled, pulling up the bedsheets and drying off his face. “Pretty sure soaking a cripple on his first day earns you a one-way ticket to Hell, Sammy.”
The doctor placed the files down on the small table next to Dean’s bed, turning back to face Dean with a friendly smile. “You mind if I take a look at your stitches?”
“I’m here of my own accord, Dean.” Castiel unpeeled his skin from the plastic of the inflatable, shifting himself around to lean back against the neck of the unicorn. “These dreams, they… they’ve probably made me feel the most content I’ve felt in… well, in
Castiel’s eyes snap to the mark on Dean’s arm, jumping up to his wobbly feet and very nearly falling straight back down again. Dean shoots out an arm to catch Cas before he can fall, wrapping his hands around Cas’s biceps to steady him in place.
“Cas was my friend too you know, Dean,” Sam argued back, his voice understanding but digging too much for Dean’s liking. “I know you don’t like talking about this, but-,”
Castiel’s face broke out into a soft, sad smile as he reached the end of his list, finally raising his eyes up to lock with Dean’s. “You say more with your actions than I think you intend. But that’s okay. Your own personal language is the one out of hundreds that I valued learning the most.”
It was as he thought it had been. One of the old radios the Men of Letters used was currently crooning out a old pop song from the 60's, the sound staticky and distorted from the age of the radio and the poor signal it must have been receiving down here.
“Man, that’s gonna take some getting used to,” Dean muttered, his voice raised back to his usual tone. “I’m kinda glad Michael placed me into that fake dream world while he was possessing me…”
"Yes. But it might take some time, as I'll have to skim through his memories until I find his dream state. It'll be kept hidden away."
“Success!” Dean shouted in delight, raising both his arms in the air in victory. “Guess that confirms I can change stuff in my dreams now. Gotta admit, I was kinda worried about messing it up and leaving you naked or something.”
Dean slowed his pace, placing his middle finger next to his index and pushing in, moving slowly against the resistance. He continued forcing his way in when Castiel didn’t complain, pushing forward until both were in all the way to the knuckles. “Fuck,” Castiel cursed sharply once Dean resumed his previous pace, his brain going into overdrive from the sensations of Dean’s rough, calloused mechanic hands rubbing up and down the sensitive skin of his dick, combined with the pleasant stretch of himself around Dean’s fingers. Yet, at the same time, his body wanted
“It wasn’t until I saw what happened to Dean, saw you rip yourself out of the Empty that I realized… I didn’t need to do anything. I didn’t intervene because… I needed you to
“You,” Castiel whined in answer, lifting his head back up to lock eyes with Dean’s. “I need you inside me.”
“We still don’t know if anything’s wrong yet,” Castiel tries to assure him, briefly turning his gaze away from the stretch of road ahead to glance over at Dean. “There’s no use torturing yourself over the ‘what if's.’ All we can do is try and track and them down, and then go from there.”
"Oh no..." Castiel mutters in horror, having been dropped into a memory that was somehow even worse than the last.
“Dean, your arm-,” Sam manages to get out through his mask of shock, pointing to Dean’s arm. “It’s… it’s glowing.”
Dean. Angels leave behind some of their grace in their vessels, right? Maybe Dean found a way to use the left-over grace to heal himself.”
“Told Charlie I had a feeling I’d be seeing one of you guys here, soon,” Another familiar voice appears at Cas’s side, glancing over to see the amused smile of Kevin Tran. “Perhaps not a few minutes after
“Unless there’s some other major catastrophe, then… yeah. This is it,” Dean tells them. “I could never ignore the end of the world, no matter how ‘retired’ I am, but… I know you guys will take care of things with us gone.”
of the slime? Two massive appendages began to sprout from the beings back, unfurling agonizing slowly. They were… they were
"Go rescue your uncle from all those books!" Dean calls out after them, chuckling lightly to himself as he turns back to continue work on his car.
“Touché,” Dean replied, pinching a strand of Sam’s hair between his fingers. Sam immediately swatted his brother's hand away. “Only a few hours till your date, huh? Shouldn’t you go wash your hair and start putting on your makeup, Samantha?”
“I need your word. Promise me you’ll eject me when the time comes, Dean. Otherwise, I’ll leave right now-,”
thing that ever happened to me. No mother should outlive her child, but… it’s only right that I should take over my son’s throne, isn’t it?”
Dean pulled the next book out from the top of the stack, thumping it down on the table and flipping it open to the first page.
"No, I don't Dean. If anything, I've never been more unsure. Each and every one of those memories, the link was right there, but I could never see it...
“Jack? Jack, I… I know you said you weren’t going to be hands-on. I get that, but… It’s Dean. He’s hurt, he’s…” Sam’s voice gives out, thick with tears that were threatening to spill over. “He’s dying, Jack, and I don’t know what to do…
“That wasn’t my choice! It was the damn left-overs from the Mark…” Dean grumbled in defense, only feeling marginally better at the teasing when Cas wraps a leg around his under the table. “Whoa, wait… won’t
Dean isn't able to finish his rant, as Castiel interrupts it by grabbing a fistful of Dean's flannel shirt, twisting his hands into the soft material around the collar. Dean's words trailed off into a stutter, briefly wondering whether Castiel was about to strike him in an attempt to shut him up.
“You know, just once it’d be nice for the Universe not to screw us over. You’d think we’d earned a break by now-,”
They had been eating for around twenty minutes at this point, nearly everyone having finished their meal. Dean was watching Garth attempt to clean the mess of blood from the twin’s face (from the raw steaks they had served for Garth and his family), when Sam stood from his chair and clinked a knife to his glass, damn near shattering the thin glass with his strong hits.
but… Cas has asked him not to. And when Cas was fretting over his health like that… It was downright impossible to go against the guy. On top of that, he had quite literally escaped death by a whisker
“Back where I grew up, we had this big garden. Filled to the brim with the most beautiful flowers you’ve ever seen. My parents, they… They kept us to a very strict guideline. But the one thing they ‘gifted’ to us was an hour of free time in the garden. Me, I would sit out there and just… Watch the bees. To witness the way they work, all they do to keep themselves alive, I wonder if they even know how much we rely on them?
to. Because after all these years, of his whole life being written by the creator... they could finally live out their own story.
“Oh yeah, all that snow?” Eileen said. “You can almost picture it, right? Blanketed on the ground, all on the trees, a perfect winter backdrop.”
“If it’s not enough… the spell will break apart mid-way through. The body will begin to disintegrate back to nothing as the grace burns away, and once it's empty? That will be it. Castiel will be gone.”
“Dean,” Castiel grumbled out his name in a firm tone. “It’s okay. I… I actually quite like the nickname you’ve given me.”
Sam only has a few seconds to admire the beautiful mix of white, blue, and red before the room disappears in a flash of blinding white light that has him turning away and burrowing his head into the crook of his elbow.
Dean was listening to Sam anymore. Because there, underneath his hand, he could feel Cas's heart beating steadily in his chest. It had started out of nowhere, one big ‘thump’ that he put down to his grief-riddled mind. The second one he thought that perhaps the injury to his spine had worsened when he fell from his chair, and was starting to get false sensations in his hands.
, is the kind of guy who likes to see the best in people. Besides, what’s the worst that could happen, right? If things don’t go entirely according to plan, then maybe he’ll get a friend out of all of this.
Jody huffs out a laugh at that. “If you call trying to kill me on the first date ‘acquainted’, then yeah.”
“Job like Dad had? There’s risks. If you’re working security, it generally means you’re protecting something others want.
what he signed up for, after all. He just didn’t know how Bobby did it. The whole ‘normal job whilst also acting as an information source for the hunter network’ crap. If it were up to him, he’d just do the ‘hunter network’ stuff. You know, what
to follow Chuck’s script, but it feels like every move he makes, every action he thinks is rebelling from the plan set out for him only proves to be exactly what Chuck wants him to do. Hell, maybe there’s a script sat somewhere on whatever computer Chuck uses to write on now, flipped open to reveal a page where Dean is sat right where he is right now, hunched over the kitchen table with a glass of whiskey in hand and a half-empty bottle of whiskey opposite being his only company. Though, he’s sure it won’t be half-empty for much longer. It’s not like he has to care about liver failure anymore, right?
“He got a few words out,” Castiel defended himself. “Not the whole sentence and, quite frankly, I wasn’t listening to what he was saying at the time anyway.”
It doesn’t get the laugh out of Cas like he wanted, but it does at least get him a curl of the lips as the tension that Castiel was holding melted away. Castiel follows willingly now, stepping through the doorframe and into the room. Dean nudges the door closed with his free hand, and just like that, the world outside the door ceased to exist. This was all he knew to be real, right now: The guns hanging on his wall, the picture of him and mom sat atop his desk next to the typewriter, his collection of classic records, the much too comfortable memory foam mattress of his bed. The only irregularity in the room was Cas, stood in front of him with that searching gaze of his, and suddenly everything seemed like it was going to be okay. Because he has Cas, he’s right here. Because surely so long as he keeps a hold on him, nothing can ever take him away.
“Healed you?” Castiel finished Dean’s sentence, voice dripping with disbelief. “I think we both know that’s not an option.”
Sam hadn't even been there at that time, can't even begin to imagine all the shit Dean had to go through just to
at right now? Sure, if you had asked me five years ago where I thought I’d be right now, this isn’t what I would have described. Not because it’s not what I want. I didn’t know
He takes out his frustration against Castiel’s mouth. Instead of using his lips to talk, he all but attacks Cas’s, pushing forward into the angel’s space until his back is forced down into the bed. The sudden drop and subsequent impact have Castiel’s teeth catching at Dean’s lip, piercing the soft flesh without meaning to. The stinging pain is a good distraction, the intensity of it stirring Dean on to push harder, to chase the pain that comes from it.
Sergei’s brows practically shot up to his hairline at the sight in front of him, instantly able to sense the grace that was settled within that one patch of damaged skin on Dean’s arm. The surprise shifted to an amused and downright
Dean said sternly, shaking his head furiously at the blob as it continued to shrink. “I’m not doing it, Cas. I’m
“Once, years after meeting you, I realized just how similar we were. Our fear of failing those we love, of letting down those we lead. Our willingness to sacrifice ourselves for the ‘greater good’. You nearly got yourself killed trying to make things right, to track down Gadreel and bring him to justice. But I wouldn’t do what you asked. I had to make you see your life was more valuable than that.”
One thing was missing. His eyes were drawn over to the comfortingly familiar blue tie left neatly hung up on the hanger, soft under his hands as he carefully unwrapped it. He doesn’t usually wear a blue tie when he wears suits for interviews, typically opting for a traditional black tie to go with the suit jacket. Then again… this wasn’t his tie.
It’s getting closer now. He could hear the footsteps getting louder, hear them race around, searching in all of the bunker’s rooms. He was going to answer them. He really was. But then they threw another panicked name into the mix, and suddenly Dean didn’t trust himself to speak.
Bright light fills the barn, a crack of lightning striking followed by a boom of thunder so loud it made the ground shake and-
Cas brought his closed fist up in between them, uncurling his fingers to reveal a gleaming silver ring sat in his hand. The metal was oddly
“You shouldn’t have fallen in love with a coward, Cas,” Dean whispers to him, the fight draining out of him at Castiel’s affectionate gaze.
“I confess I don’t know all that much about cars,” Castiel said, smiling at the clear pride and care in Dean’s voice as he talked about his vehicle. “I’d love to see her one day.”
that sucked…” Dean said with a sharp exhale, breathing heavily as if he had just finished running a marathon.
“De scatebrisque eorum somnia, solum quod eius meminisse potui, quod non habent genus peius est ... ut esset in tormentis et malorum esse unquam posse,” (Waking from those dreams, only to remember that was something I could never have... that was a worse type of torture than the nightmares ever could be.) Castiel slipped into Latin to finish the last of his declaration. Even though Dean couldn’t understand the words Castiel was speaking, the tortured look he saw in Cas’s eyes spoke more than his words ever could.
“Come on, you telling me you weren’t texting me thinking ‘Who the hell is this guy? This wasn’t the guy I was talking to before.’”
And perhaps, worst of all… Cas seems to have given up the fight himself. Knowing this, and knowing what Castiel had just told him…
“An idea,” Sam replied. “I was just thinking… do you remember back after… after what happened to mom, with… with Jack?”
The glare Dean sent his brother’s way didn’t quite have the heat to it that he wanted, considering his cheeks quickly reddened at the knowing laughter that spread across the table.
The expletive takes Cas by surprise – almost as much as the tears that Dean quickly wipes away with his thumb before Castiel can even be sure they were there.
Which is why one early Thursday morning, as he snuck into the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee, relieved to see its only occupant was an exhausted-looking Sam, Castiel had teleported behind him, tapping his fingers against Dean's head the second he had jumped and turned, teleporting them both away before Dean can get a word in edgewise, leaving a poor, bewildered leaving Sam at the kitchen table.
have done was force the nightmare to disappear. Except, he wasn’t really thinking. More… he was acting on instinct. He had rushed forward, using his arms to shield himself from the embers that danced in the air as he raced towards the crib. Within seconds he had plucked baby Sam from the crib, holding him close to his chest as he wrapped his other arm around Dean, hauling him up and tucking him into his side.
“You look after this dumbass, okay?” Claire asks, getting an undignified huff from Cas. “Oh, and, if you hurt him? I
Castiel did as he was asked, wondering where Dean was going with this. Castiel pushed himself up onto the hood in one sliding motion, much more elegant than Dean’s staggering jump. He scooted back as far as he dared, careful not to bump into the glass of the Impalas windshield.
“You still haven’t explained why you’re here,” Eileen interrupts, bringing Rowena’s attention over to her. “You were able to sense Castiel’s grace and… then what?”
Jack’s brow furrows when, for a while after the end of his sentence, Cas is just looking down at him with this small, subtle smile that only begins to display the warmth his eyes are holding towards the boy – this
a man by his posture and deep, surprised groan of pain, and Dean jabs out his fist again before the man can counter. His fist lands squarely in the man's gut and Dean knows by the sound the man makes that he had just had the wind knocked out of him.
of your dreams! With one single thought, with one wave of the hand-,” Castiel waves his hand across the sky above them, creating another batch of strikingly vivid shooting stars that trailed after his hand. “-You can have
“No, never- What?” Dean snapped out of his trance, glancing up at Cas with a concerned frown. “No, come on. What were you gonna ask?”
The light bursts to life, bathing the room in that sickening bright white. It’s blinding - as if lightning had struck inside his apartment. Dean still has his hand glued to the light switch; his gaze glued to the stranger stood opposite him.
“Hey, so, uh… I just wanna say thank you to everyone for being here. I know that you’re all here because you want to support these two guys here on what will be one of the most important days of their lives, and having you all here will be part of why this night will be so memorable. So-,” Sam paused, raising his drink in the air. “-Cheers to all of you,”
himself at Dean. Whatever noise he made was quickly silenced by Castiel’s lips claiming his own, keeping a firm grip on the ring in his hand (didn’t want to lose
“I went to you,” Castiel maintained. “But you couldn’t see me. I kept myself hidden. I… I couldn’t bring myself to tear you away from your new life. For once, you looked at peace. You had, miraculously, found a way out of the Hunter’s life. And I couldn’t bear to be the one that brought you back in.”
that we are- Is because of Chuck. So, maybe you can stick your head back in the sand, maybe you can pretend that we actually had a choice. I can't."
dreams have been some of my own deepest desires, Dean! In what other scenario would I ever get to do such things? Even the simple ones, ones where it’s just
“You know it’s not that,” Eileen corrected him, turning the tap off and plucking up a towel from its hanging place and using it to dry the plate off. “I just think it makes more sense, don’t you? I can be here to look after Miracle while you’re away instead of trying to find a pet-friendly motel, and I can help get this place ready for when Dean gets here. For one, your cupboards are in a
but him? No… no, he didn’t. It was just something that became the norm for them, it was how they were with each other, and now Dean was so used to it that he didn’t even bat an eye when he felt Cas’s arm against his, or when Cas scooted so close to Dean at the table that he as may as well have been sat in his damn lap. That was just…
Castiel’s brows shoot up, taken aback both by Dean’s offer to have Claire be a part of their wedding – even one that was entirely fictional right now –
“God, Dean… Don’t stop…” Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips, pulling Dean forward with every push.
“I don’t see why not,” Sam says with a shrug of his shoulders. “It’s just a vial of blood, nothing life-threatening or altering. Up to her of course, but… doubt she’d say no.”
“I believe…” Sergei began, words trailing off as his line of sight dropped from Dean’s face back to the distractingly reddish scar. “…The reason the scar faded with time is simply because you did not accept the claim, Dean. To be expected, since you didn’t even know what it was. It is back now because, to put it bluntly… you have accepted the claim.”
“I don’t want to think about losing you again, Cas. When Jack was born and we lost you, I… They weren’t fun times, Cas. I couldn’t cope then, and if it happened again… it would break me, Cas.”
Dean chuckles warmly, leaning forward and resting his forehead against Cas’s. “Technically I told you
it’s not like Dean is the kind of guy to talk openly about his relationships. Still, even without Cas being in a physical form, without the usual shy glances and timid touches she caught between them in private moments… she could still see how much Dean cared for Cas. How much he
“Course I remember,” Dean answered dryly, dropping his gaze back down to the paper full of complicated-looking Latin. “Didn’t work. What came back was just…”
Dean didn’t exactly ever expect to be called ‘beautiful’ in his life. And yet, with all the ‘ruggedly handsome’, ‘drop-dead gorgeous’, ‘adorably cute’ comments he’s gotten from the ladies in the past… somehow, having Cas call him
” Gabriel repeated in a hushed whisper, leaning himself against the corner of the building, out of sight from the windows.
“Aye, not long after our new Lord ascended to his throne,” Rowena answered. “We came to an agreement, so to speak. A nice little deal.”
nearly burn the house down. The fire alarm did its job; I was alerted to the fire, and it was dealt with."
The beach itself was surrounded by a forest of green; various tropical trees and vegetation waving in the gentle cooling breeze that blew by, keeping the worst of the climate’s heat at bay. The waters themselves were the very definition of ‘crystal-clear’, that beautiful shade of turquoise waters that became see-through once you stepped into the shallow waters, able to observe the vibrant colors of the coral and sea life on display.
do. Because he’ll never get to place that ring on Castiel’s finger. He’ll never stand by his side, with Sam reading him some made-up vows- because screw doing it the God-given way – and he’ll never get to flash those girls at the bar an apologetic smile and tell them ‘Sorry ladies, I’m married.’
The first few breaths of fresh air were wonderful, and he would have collapsed to his knees and sucked in as much as he could if it weren’t for the two children he held in his arms. Little Sam was still wailing in his arms, struggling against the hold of a man who, technically, was a stranger to him at the time. Dean had since gone quiet, trembling in Cas’s arms as the two of them watched what was once Dean’s home burn.
with people; it didn’t seem right that people were left only with their soul mates - if they're lucky enough to have them – and only
Castiel barely feels Charlie’s encouraging pat on his back as he strides over to the Winchester’s table, his gaze fixed on John as he stood from his chair, placing the brown-bottled beer in his hands atop the table, holding his head high as Castiel gets closer.
Sam didn’t let him say anything else, He grabbed his brother by the arm, pulling it straight and slicing across the tender skin. To Sam’s horror, the cut that appeared quickly flared with a bluish light, stitching up the small gash instantaneously. Sam’s eyes flickered up to see that same blue light appear in Dean’s eyes, completely overtaking the green of his irises until all Sam could see was that dazzling blueish white light.
Sam and Eileen straightened themselves up, turning their attention towards Dean. “First of all, it’s eleven in the morning. We’ve been up for five hours.” Sam shot back. “Second of all… what’s got you so smiley?”
“For the time being… this is all we’ve got,” Dean replied with a shrug of his shoulders. “Cas is too weak to jump into another vessel after using up nearly all his grace to keep my dumb ass from dying. So yeah, for the time being, Cas is shacking up in my head.”
“I wouldn’t say that…” Dean’s face burned at the compliment, unable to meet his date’s gaze. Thankfully, the waitress came by at that point with their beers, and Dean gratefully took the cold bottle from her hands. “How ‘bout I stop yakking about myself for now, hm? I wanna hear more about you.”
Cas had looked at him like he had physically hit him. He might as well have. But through the seething rage he felt, he just didn’t care that he had hurt Cas. A part of him felt
“Come on, Sam,” Eileen said playfully, wiggling her eyebrows at Dean whilst nudging at Sam’s elbow with her own. “Obviously, Dean had a…
to see it the way it was. In my mind, I thought… I thought I was doing the right thing. That I had to raise my boys as tough as I could because that was the only way they could handle the real,
“What’s up?” Sam’s eyes followed her as she dropped her plate into the kitchen sink, flicking on the tap switch and grabbing a sponge from the sink, scrubbing at her plate.
Dean found himself waking up the next morning to the delicious smell of bacon wafting down the hallway and into his room. It was this – and only this – that convinced Dean to haul himself out of the comfort of his warm bed and pull himself into his chair.
“Can’t quite believe it myself. Only took forty-two years for me to get here. It’s all in my head of course, but whatever.”
You waltzed right into my room, asked me what I was doing, and as soon as I began explaining that I wanted to take up painting… you stuck your hand straight into the paints and planted your paint-covered hand onto the canvas.
Cas said he had an idea, then he was telling me all about this deal and I had no idea why… but then, Cas, he…”
“Uh… yeah. Yeah, I think that’s something you could get set up.” Sam finally answered. “But… you know you can do all that
“Don’t you dare,” Dean bites out. He was still refusing to look at Cas right now. Mostly because there’s a good chance he’d punch him if he did. “You don’t get to do that like we’re all buddy-buddy right now. Not when you’ve got some explaining to do.”
The doctor shot him a small smile, but it soon began to waver. Sam picked up on the hesitation coming from the doctor, feeling his brief moment of relief come to an end.
Dean risked a glance over to Cas, only to see the angel had returned his gaze back to the splattering of stars overhead. He turned his face in the same direction, feeling himself relax as he fell back into a routine he had done many times with Sam. Watching the stars… it was the one consistent moment of peace they were able to find on the road. Throughout all the moments of chaos, traveling from one hunt to another, one shitty rundown motel to another… the night sky was always there, waiting.
Dean’s eyes had begun to adjust to the dark, taking in the sight of Castiel as he laid back on his elbows. His eyes traveled up his toned tan stomach, up to his chest and locking onto Cas’s eyes, his heart beating fast as he stared into Cas’s fully blown-out pupils. They had all but taken over the whites of his eyes, his eyes seemingly appearing entirely black. Castiel’s breath hitched as Dean hooked a finger into the waistband of his boxers, dragging them down unbearably slowly. Dean’s hand wrapped around the shaft of Castiel’s dick, sliding his hand leisurely up until he reached the tip, swiping a thumb across the sensitive head and spreading the lube generously around. Castiel’s head dropped back against the door with a solid ‘thump’, moaning low in his throat.
The sound is enough for the dam in Castiel to break, the last of the angel's defenses crumbling down at the raw pain he could hear from the one he loves. “And I don’t want to leave you,” Castiel whispers against his lips, tasting the salt of Dean’s tears as he places a delicate kiss there. “But there’s not much else we can do now than what we’re already doing, and… to hope.”
“And you haven’t heard anything since?” Castiel asked, even though the evidence of that being the case was in his hands.
"You knew how I felt about it. How uneasy I felt, all that we were risking, for a kid that could literally wipe out the entire planet?
Sergei raised a hand to his already bruising throat, bulging eyes darting between all three of them. “What is it with you people and
A few seconds tick by in the unnaturally still bunker. Somewhere from within, Miracle whines; her high-pitched note of displeasure at her owner’s palpable anger piercing the uncomfortable quietness.
“C’mon, big picture here, Cas. We’ll do all the normal people stuff we missed out on. Maybe… God, it’s so cheesy, but uh… Date night, y’know? Watch some old movies together while we share a bowl of popcorn, I can whip up some of my world-famous burgers… maybe bake a pie?”
Dean cut Sam off by pointing a finger at the colorful box of  ‘Krunch Cookie Crunch’ next to Jack’s half-eaten bowl of said sugary cereal. “-
The panic was back. Dean could see the subtle changes in Cas; the brief widening and blank look in his eyes, face set in stone so Dean couldn’t read a single emotion on his face – which was actually what gave him away. This was Cas reverting back to his classic angel mode.
Both Eileen and Cas frown up at him, racking their brains to try and remember the extra ingredient that they apparently needed from Claire.
Castiel must have heard incorrectly. Yes, that was the only explanation for what he had just heard. Because there was
“Don’t you think it’s a little cru-“ Dean didn’t get to finish his sentence as Gabriel grabbed his arm, yanking him fully around the corner of the restaurant and pushing him flat against the wall. “Dude! What the hell are you doing?!”
“Nearly twenty-four hours,” Dean says, picking out a flannel shirt from the duffel and staring down at it with his jaw clenched so hard he could feel a headache coming on. “It’s been nearly twenty-four hours since they left for the nest, Cas. And they haven’t texted us to let us know they’re alright. It’s time to panic, right?”
aren’t they? A survival mechanism built into your subconscious…. Did you know that’s why nightmares are so common? It’s almost like… a form of training. A way for your brain to act out the stresses in your waking life… but then you can also dream of
“Oh-“ Dean couldn’t believe he hadn’t told Gabriel his name yet. “Dean. Name’s Dean.” Dean held out a hand for Gabriel to shake. Gabriel clasped his hand and, to Dean’s surprise, was now averting his eyes from Dean’s gaze, his other hand rubbing at the back of his neck.
Castiel dragged his tear-filled eyes away from Dean’s form, meeting Jack’s understanding ones. There was no judgment behind Jack’s eyes, no secret hope that he would choose to return to Heaven and continue his work for Heaven.
Cas was right, though. They really needed to hurry; what with a bunch of leviathans after them and probably around 30 seconds left before the portal closes behind them.
This was something Castiel had learned over the years. Even though Dean would often voice his displeasure at him about watching over him as he slept, Cas would continue to keep an eye on his slumbering form. Occasionally, he would look into Dean’s mind to see what dream was playing out. If it was a nightmare, he would simply place his hand on Dean’s shoulder and ebb a little bit of grace through him, flushing out the nightmare from his system. It was the least he could do, and Dean always seemed to be that extra bit more rested when he did it – so he never really stopped.
"Yes, Samuel Winchester," Memory Castiel repeats, sounding somewhat confused. "I will be in contact with you shortly after. Do you understand?"
name that Dean had taken the time to painstakingly carve into the table, both his and Jack’s resting alongside the Winchesters like they were always there.
“I know… but this is… this is something different, Eileen. He’s… I don’t think Dean’s going to react well to this. I don’t think he ever pictured a future where he’s… he’s…”
Dean sighed in frustration, placing his elbow on the library table and leaning his forehead against his knuckles.  “Of course… guess we’ve gotta do this all on our own…”
at all, not anymore. I’m… I’m still not sure how it happened, whether it had been happening for a while, if it was the reason my grace had been diminishing over the years, or… if maybe Jack had a part to play in it, or… or if it was just myself. If me falling for you, to be the first angel to do that… maybe it’s something that could happen to all angels.”
Dean had scoured through all the book titles that seemed to allude to any information on angels and vessels – well, those on the bottom of the bookshelves anyway – and now had them neatly stacked on the table in front of him. Sam and Eileen had long since left the bunker, wisely choosing not to say goodbye – or anything for that matter – disappearing into the garage and leaving him here. The hours had ticked by way too slow, the words on the page in front of him starting to blur together and become an incomprehensible mess. He had re-read this particular passage on the comparisons of the limited real-life encounters with angels to their bible counterparts about five times now, but his brain was stubbornly refusing to take any of that information in.
“Cas?” The name slips from his tongue without his permission. Dean grimaces again with the effort, placing a hand over his chest where he knows the rebar sits just beneath the skin, through the cracked ribs underneath. “I know… I know you’re gone… I know where you were taken, but… I’m gonna pretend you can hear me, okay? I hope you can hear me…”
“Mr. Winchester, I have to be completely honest with you here; From a medical standpoint, your brother should be dead. I’m a man of science, but the only explanation I have for your brother is that of divine intervention.”
for Crowley. What if Rowena has a different spell? And what’s to say she’ll even bother showing up anyway?”
Once more, the words slip out. And, judging by the absolutely bewildered and somewhat flustered look that crosses Cas’s face, that sounded about as bad as it sounded to him, too.
It had taken Billy, first. An arm like appendage shooting out like a bullet, enveloping her in that inky blackness and sucking her away. And then… then it was on Cas. It had crawled up his body, savoring every inch of skin it claimed, and the last image of Cas that Dean would ever see was that smile of acceptance before that too was gone. Nothing more now than a shadow, an outline of his best friend for just that millisecond, torturing Dean with his figure and then…
“You guys make all this?” Dean was fighting himself tooth and nail not to snatch a piece of bacon for himself (and slip a piece for Miracle….)
just focusing on the important stuff, like pledging to spend the rest of my life with this dumbass next to me,” Dean said, jabbing a thumb as Cas. “
Sam couldn’t even finish his sentence before there was the sound of claws clicking against the bunker’s concrete floors, soft pads pacing down the hallway rapidly as Miracle came into sight. Her blonde tail began wagging impossibly fast as she laid eyes on Sam, tongue lolling out the side of her mouth as she pants.
Dean’s face twists into an amused frown, glancing up to his brother’s guilt-ridden face. “What’s there to be sorry for?”
"Enough, " The Real Castiel declares just as Memory Cas's blade slips out of his hand, clanging against the floor. Sam tears his eyes away to see that Cas had finally found the next shimmer. "I can't..."
“Dean?” The relaxed expression on Cas’s face was gone, eyebrows furrowed in concern.  “Your pulse has become erratic again. Is something the matter?”
The man laughs kindly at that – not a mocking laugh, almost more… that he had been expecting for that question. “I was chosen to be the guy that welcomes you up here. Thought it would be nice for you to see a familiar face when you woke up - even if it’s only familiar because you’re borrowing it from me.”
Doctor Sullivan stepped into the room, scribbling away at some forms atop a wooden clipboard in his hands. “Alright, Mr. Winchester… You are officially free from our confines.” He finished signing something on the paper, looking up to Dean with an encouraging smile. “I see you still haven’t given the wheelchair a try?”
“Where is Eileen anyway?” Dean got round to asking, expecting to have seen Eileen trailing after Sam.
Cas,” Dean stressed, whipping around to face him, pleading eyes digging into Castiel’s. “Look, I know you don’t want me going out there, okay? I know I promised not to do hunts anymore, but this isn’t a hunt. I have to see if he’s okay, Cas.”
Switching possession was still a strange feeling for Dean. It was almost like trying to squeeze past someone in a tight corridor, going from this muted and out of focus vision to a sharp and overwhelming reality.
Dean wasn’t sure how long he had been staring at it now. Long enough for Sam to throw him anxious looks from behind the library table, flittering back and forth from the table to other rooms to gather all the ingredients they needed.
Dean’s frown deepened, ducking his head to try and get a better read of how Cas was feeling. “Were you worth it? I don’t get what you’re asking me here, Cas.”
“I didn’t say that,” Castiel replied testily. “I’m not interested in sex with random strangers I do not care for.”
“Don’t worry-,” Sam popped up from the chair, stretching out his back as he stands. “-I’ll be keeping a close eye on him.”
me to see you guys in person, pretty much a couple already but never crossing over the line. I mean it was bad enough reading about the eye-fucking in the Carver Edland books, but to see it in
had he not realized that he was able to feel the warm weight of Castiel on his lap? He had gotten back up to his feet without a second thought, so focused on helping Cas up that it just… hadn’t occurred to him that it was something he shouldn’t be able to do anymore.
Dean. He needed to look at him in the face, look straight into his eyes. Dean sure as hell wasn't going to talk about how he felt, so what else could Castiel do but try and decipher how he felt from what he could?
Castiel wasn't looking in his direction, but something in his voice as he called out Dean's name must have reached Dean. The retreating footsteps come to a stop, and the immediate silence after that, unable to hear the shuffling of feet or clothes, tells Castiel that Dean isn't facing him either. Here they were stood, their backs facing one another.
But there’s something else on the other side of that door. Something else that’s calling to him, its pull much stronger than the Roadhouse. Without much of a second thought, Castiel pushes down on the bar across the heavy metal door, swinging it open and stepping out into the comfortably cool afternoon’s air.
about it. Which is good, he supposes. Perhaps something built into the soul that’s repulsed by the twisted one it’s summoning; a glimpse of what will happen to itself if accepting the deal proposed.
semblance of an answer. “She, uh, she’s Jimmy Novak’s daughter; Cas’s vessel's daughter… She’s… she’s the only one of his family left alive…”
“Not Billy,” Dean croaks out. “It was… It was Chuck. Billy, she… she was already dying, Sam. That cut was all that was needed to bring her down. She would have died anyway, but I brought Cas into it anyway and-,”
The incessant burning in his eyes gets too much, the heavy weight in his nose forcing a shaky sniffle out of him. He reaches out a hand to the tree next to him, barely enough time to process the scratchy roughness of the bark before his wobbly knees are giving out, forcing him down to a crouch, leaning his weight against the tree.
Dean turned to his brother, shuffling past a few chairs to pull him into his arms with a few choked words. “Good job, brother,”
Another odd word for him.... Home... It was something he had come to accept he would never have, living with the fact that they would be always moving, motel room to motel room, car park to car park or sometimes even the side of the road, in which Baby would be their shelter for the night.
Eileen finished off drying the plate, placing it atop the drying rack before turning to face Sam, leaning her side against the sink. “Think of it as earning my keep. Besides, I
The rich smell of coffee filled his nose, so strong he could practically taste it already. Dean took a hearty swig, satisfied at the warmth that spread through his body, even in the day’s near unbearable heat, which was made even worse by the crowds of people that passed them by in the street.
“You telling me you’re not looking forward to seeing the look on their faces when they see me like this?
Castiel had opened his mouth to add something to Dean’s list, but Dean cut him off before he could get it out with a click of his fingers and a pointed finger directed at him. “And Cas needs more of that weird grape jelly stuff.”
“You died. You died, and I never got to tell you… You died, thinking you couldn’t have what you wanted, you
Sam dropped himself back down into the hard-plastic seat, trembling hands placing his coffee down on the floor by his feet. The exhausted-looking doctor sat down in the seat next to him, turning to face him.
language,” Dean declared out of nowhere, swirling about the last remains of his cocktail with his crazy straw. C’mon, prove it to me – speak a little French.”
“I’m guessing you have an idea?” Sam asks once the sheen of grace slips away from Dean’s eyes. It was odd - how it was Dean’s eyes looking at him, but Sam could see nothing but Cas behind those eyes. The stare was completely and unequivocally
“What the hell do you think?!” Dean throws his hands in the air, letting his irritation boil over. “I’m trying to make things right, I guess. Trying to… to apologize.”
“I can’t believe you’re here…” Dean told him, gesturing towards Jack and his attire. “You even got suited up.”
“And it healed me…” Dean finished what Cas was leading to. He looked from the mark on his shoulder over to Cas, a sharp burst of delirious laughter escaping him as he pulled Cas into what felt like the hundredth hug of that evening -not that he was complaining. “Remind me to tell you how amazing you are, Cas. Every day if you have to. I don’t say it enough, you magnificent bastard.”
Castiel sighs, hands instinctively reaching for his trench-coat pockets before remembering what body he was in. “He once told me his job was ‘to solve the unsolvable.’ At this point… our problem seems to fit that title.”
Cas places his free hand atop Dean’s on his chest, giving it a reassuring squeeze. Cas grabs hold of the mixtape before it can drop to the ground as Dean removes his hand, fingers curled protectively around the tape as he looks down at it with a fond smile.
“Now, our inhabitant here hasn’t been particularly talkative… Some of the hunters under our employment were working on a typical demon case when it seems our winged foes here took a particular interest… One was left severely injured once the dust had cleared, and our hunters thought it best to bring him here for
“I’d probably have to trap you in a ring of holy fire and check you haven’t gone crazy again.” Dean joked. “If you had
Sam wasn't too sure what he had been expecting to see next. More silence from Castiel? Some sort of bleak response?
“Yeah…” Sam answered numbly, looking right past the man and to where his brother was disappearing beyond two heavy, off-white doors. “I just… I think I need to sit down…”
Come on, you didn't REALLY think I'd do that to you guys, did you? Yes, I could have gone the ultra angsty route. I could have left Cas dead, left Dean in that wheelchair for the rest of his life and that would be that.
Beth took a deep breath. "You know my sister, Jo. My mom, too, right?" She didn't wait for an answer before she continued. "I grew up at the roadhouse. My mom, dad, and Jo, who was five years younger than me. My dad was a hunter. I remember you boys. You used to come over for Thanksgiving, and your dad would yell at you for throwing knives at the door frame." Beth lifted her eyes from the floor. "You're the one who taught me how to throw, Dean. My dad didn't want me to learn, but you taught me."
Beth snapped up, saying automatically, "Yeah, I'm fine." Then she was glad she'd spoken before she'd looked, cause damn, the guy was cute. Short, blonde-brown hair, and green eyes so luminous she could see them even in the dim yellow streetlight. For some reason, he looked familiar, but she couldn't figure out what she knew him from.
Beth blinked, forcing back burning tears as she sat, knees pulled into her chest. She'd always hated the end of the year, when she studied alone in her apartment while everyone else went home for the holidays.
Beth shivered, haunching her shoulders against the wind. It was cold for November, and she could already feel the tip of her nose tingling. She balled her hands into fists in her pockets to prevent them from going numb.
He said something else then, but Beth didn't hear over the ringing that echoed in her skull. Because suddenly, instead of being on a dark street in Manhattan, she stood in the middle of the roadhouse, her sister's tiny hand in hers as they stood side-by-side. Sobs echoed through the room, and eleven-year-old Beth watched her mother cry for a husband she'd never see again.
Beth's throat closed up. She remembered dreaming that would be her someday. Wishing to hunt with her dad, drive cross-country with her sister. It never happened that way.
The sandy-haired one turned to her then. "You sure I can't let you in? Or take you to a coffee shop or something?"
But when she thought about the stack of letters hidden in the depths of her closet next to the pile of manila folders, or the beat-up silver house key that she'd probably left on the counter inside the door, Leah, and the family she'd once had, Beth missed home so much it physically hurt. She allowed herself one tiny, barely audible sob before she choked everything back. Packing it down, the same way she used to watch her father pack gunpowder into his old shotguns. No. No no no no. Stop. Stop it, Beth. Don't be an idiot.
She spun around, silently cursing herself as she looked out at the dark street. It was close to midnight. Cars whizzed by, off to a warm house with a good family and a shower with actually hot water.
"No, no, it's fine, Dean. I just...I haven't heard from my family since the night my dad died. It was weird to see you again. It reminded me of things I try not to think about."
There was no telling how long they drove in silence, but they were miles from the city when Dean pulled into the parking lot of a motel. Beth stood silently while the two boys moved in perfect sync, pulling two duffel bags from the trunk and locking the car.
"Sorry." He grinned sheepishly. "It's just...look, it's too cold out tonight. Come get warm in my car. I'll drop you off at a coffee shop or something."
"Damn..." Beth trailed off. "A 67 Impala. I've never seen one in such good condition before." She stepped down to the sidewalk and ran her hand over the trunk's pristine paint job.
"He wasn't the first person I lost. And definitely not the last." Beth swallowed the lump in her throat.
Beth still remembered the day she left for New York. She was eleven years old, devastated, and scared out of her wits. She remembered the first day at school, the way the girls watched her and judged her and all of the monsters she imagined prowling the halls. She wasn't part of that world. And now she had to pretend she hadn't given everything for a life she didn't even want anymore. And the letters, in the closet, and the manila folders next to them. The folders that were her life, and could very well be her death if she wasn't careful. Beth felt so empty. Why was she here? This was the exact opposite of what she wanted to be. But when Dean turned towards her, a question in his eyes and a duffel bag in his hand, she forced a smile and let him guide her towards the motel. It was a can of demons, but these two brothers specialized in the supernatural. If anyone could help her, they could.
The man grinds his hips over Dean’s lap rhythmically, ducking his head down to Dean’s exposed throat without quite brushing his lips against the hot skin. From this angle, Castiel can see everything — the way Dean’s legs seem to tremble, the way his face slowly drops from a wide, eager smile to a lazy grin with content, hooded eyes.
But he doesn’t die. Castiel wakes up in the morning with a hand over his chest. Beneath his palm, his heart beats normally, the steady thrum murmuring away; reminding him that he’s very much alive. He sits up, blinking down at his hands. He’s in his bedroom in Balthazar’s house. On the table beside him, a glass of water with a large piece of ice sits on the table that hadn’t been there when he’d fallen asleep the night before. He grabs it and drinks it in several, large gulps, not realizing how dehydrated he’d been.
“No, no, he’s fine,” Dean says quickly. “He just...I dunno what got into him today.” He jerks in pain when she dabs the peroxide on his wound again.
He’s in a small, one-room cabin. With a dusty window to his right and a rickety sprawl of chairs around a single table across from the bed. On one of the chairs is
Dean nods, giving him a small wink that makes Castiel struggle not to choke. He collapses into the closest chair near a smaller stage, looking around him with a hard press of his lips as Dean shoves his hands into his pant pockets and approaches the bar. Castiel is baffled that this comes so
Castiel must be hurt. He turns back to watch the house with heavy eyes and a sense that he simply can’t stop failing the people he cares for the most.
“Jeez,” Dean murmurs, rolling his eyes at his own mistake, completely blind to the fact that Castiel is more baffled by the notion of an angel hiding in a building of mostly naked people on a stage than by his lapse in memory that Castiel isn’t attracted to women. “Right. Sorry. Okay, change of plans: we go
Jo bares her teeth. “You aren’t a coward, Castiel. You followed me into a church to make sure I was safe. You pulled your brother out of a burning house and protected him from a cruel, unhappy home. You dedicated your life to finding the demon who massacred your family. That man wasn’t a coward. Why are you acting like one
“Refusing to kill someone you love isn’t cowardly, Dean,” he says quietly. Stiff and rigid where he sits, Dean looks down at his hands before gazing out the hazy window across the room. With the light trickling in through the window, Castiel is startled by how beautiful Dean - his vessel - really is.
“It’s not just about that,” Dean protests weakly. “I want to get out of here with you, man. I hate it here. I just need to get away.”
“Well, you’ll have to give it back to him tomorrow,” his dad points out. "Not now, though. We need to get the rest of this inside, Let’s go - I don’t want you two catching more of a chill than you already have. We’ve still got four more boxes to unload.”
I’m already worried it might be too late. Don’t get distracted and don’t let yourself get caught up in what you will see once you’re up there. Okay?”
Castiel blinks his eyes open as his vision swims into focus. He feels dizzy, disoriented, and like he can’t quite focus on what’s in front of him. His computer sits open on some website on apocalypse lore amongst at least twenty other tabs. On the rickety table, a puddle of drool had formed where he’d fallen asleep.
these things really are.” Dean’s eyes flash a brilliant, shining blue, and Castiel momentarily forgets how to breathe. “And as I told you,” Dean continues as his eyes fade back to their typical, earthy green, “We have work for you.”
Castiel winces. “He was preoccupied. Someone is killing angels...he found out and had to leave in a rush.”
” Save for his heavy breathing and soft moans, Dean is quiet. He’s trembling, from overexertion or pleasure or both, Castiel doesn’t know. But he nods as he sinks his teeth onto Castiel’s shoulder, the bite hard enough to bruise as he begins pumping his hips faster than before. Each thrust makes Castiel’s body sing as he hits his prostate again and again, and with Castiel’s head thrown back and Dean’s name on his lips, Dean whispers a broken curse as he spills inside of him.
“Thank you, Jodi. Seriously. I...my dad would’ve just screamed at me and told me to fix it myself.” Dean laughs bitterly.
“Um...Dean? It’s-it’s Castiel. I think I...I may have found something big. Some girl who knows about the apocalypse. She escaped from a psychiatric facility and...I don’t know what to do next. I could use some help.”
Jo takes a cautious step closer to him, her eyes searching his own for any sign of weakness. Any reason for her not to trust him. “He’s in heaven,” she tells him. “A place I can’t go back to. I’d be killed on the spot before I even reached him.”
Balthazar and Castiel sit in the barn in silence. With anxious anticipation, Balthazar snaps at Castiel for loudly drumming his fingers on the table, before quickly silencing himself when the two hear something stirring from outside.
like this. Which wouldn’t be happiness at all. Not with his father breathing down his throat, threatening to kick him out for so much as spending time with another boy.
Kneeling beside him, Dean digs a small hole in the dirt between the two rocks and places the vial in the ground. He covers it quickly after, watching the dirt pile around it until they can no longer see it. Castiel watches Dean work with awe - burying away everything that once made him an angel. It’s like he’s changing before his very eyes, molding and shifting into something permanent. Something whole. When he’s done, Dean looks at him with a shy smile. They’re kneeling close to one another, their breath mingling in the chilly air. Dean’s nose is red, and it’s terribly endearing.
Instead, Sam announces that he's going to bed. Dean visibly winces; he can all but taste the argument in the air before it hits. The rubber-band tension strung tight as a sueter that never seems to ease between their father and the younger brother.
It’s a need. It’s a challenge and a distraction and a way to feel good and not have to think about Seals or other angels or his brother.
“Castiel,” she says conversationally. He says nothing. Even bound in more ways than one, Castiel feels small before her. They had come to an understanding in hell that Castiel had hoped would have burned away when he resurfaced; he was the great apprentice, the one who learned the ways of hell’s greatest torturer. When he was taken off the rack, he would carve into human souls with a decadence unprecedented in hell. She would demonstrate and he would copy. He would watch and forge new methods of his own. There was a power in that, a sense of belonging when the only thing
Jo brings him back to his car, ordering him to sit in the back seat as she prepares him to die. Dying doesn’t frighten Castiel. Perhaps not as much as it should. But hell does. Hurting other souls in hell, feeling the scorch of his essence turning into an endless plume of black smoke - that frightens him. He stands in front of her as she places her hand on the side of his head, closing her eyes in deep focus.
Without breaking the kiss, Castiel awkwardly stumbles back, pulling Dean with him as he tries to back away from the hood and against the back door of the car. He fumbles for the handle, jerking it open awkwardly before lowering them both inside. It isn’t much privacy, but it is better than where they were standing before. Their knees bump together as Dean climbs on top of him, making soft, eager noises into the kiss as he awkwardly climbs onto Castiel’s lap with a gasp between parted lips.
“Dean, we should play some music from your record player. Can you play the Beatles album again? Abbey Road?”
- Your endless, uncurbed enthusiasm both in the comments and in the server have never, ever failed to make my day. Seriously. It means SO MUCH to hear your kind words so often. This fic has so much life because of your kindness, and I appreciate that endlessly.
“You were supposed to be my vessel. Samuel would rise and I was supposed to kill him with your body while he inhabited your brother’s. Heaven...made you for me. I wanted this to end so badly before it got to the point where the apocalypse would begin...but heaven has other plans. The ones who don’t want
he may act. Castiel is a breath of fresh air, a home in a place Dean could never find by himself. Sudden anger boils in Dean’s gut, the urge to lash out at his father a bittersweet temptation on the back of his tongue. But Dean can only nod along, averting his eyes from his father’s harsh gaze. He knows better than to disagree with John Winchester. He’s not like Sam; the brunt of his father’s rage stings in ways that Sam seems to bear with pride well beyond his years. Dean would never understand how, or why. Perhaps Dean is just a coward.
“Blimey - I’m getting her to the hospital,” Balthazar says quickly. Castiel’s head swims as Balthazar takes her and rushes her to the car as Castiel stumbles out after them, watching him hurry her away. The handprint tingles again. Castiel wishes he could rip it off his skin.
“Balthazar. I’m a skilled hunter. We went over this when that crossroads demon told me of my fate to begin with. When I began hallucinating on the days leading up to my death. I have no reason to lie to you about this, especially not now. I didn’t make a deal.”
“A den of iniquity,” he says after a moment. Balthazar stares at him in disbelief. Only now does Castiel realize he’s in a bathrobe and, likely, not much else underneath.
The question comes out of nowhere, really. Dean would never admit to himself, let alone another person, that he had spent an inordinate amount of time wrestling with the thought that Castiel had never kissed another person before.
The two smile. Benny offers his hand and Dean takes it in a firm handshake. A connection. A silent promise. He nearly stumbles when Benny pulls him in for a tight hug. For a long, long moment, the two of them stay like that, clinging to one another in a silent promise. A silent
She flicks her eyes up to the ceiling, pursing her lips in a mock expression of thought. “I don’t know,” she says with an attempt at a shrug. “Maybe you need to get a little more creative with that blade to jog my memory.”
“If my fine friend isn’t up for it, I’ll, ah, take that dance. Since you’re offering.” Dean pulls out his wallet, handing the man two ten-dollar bills. Castiel watches Dean in disbelief as the dancer beckons Dean to come over to the main stage. Dean flashes Cas a quick thumbs-up, the wide grin never once leaving his face.
But Benny is right. Dean loves Castiel like the rain loves the breathing earth; inevitably. A love without stopping to ask why or how it came about. One, unable to exist without the other. And since the day Castiel ran, Dean hadn’t stopped thinking about ways to bring him home. To bring home back to
It gets him out of the house. It lets him breathe. It makes him feel stronger and more in control of his own body and mind. Dean joins him on the hunts, and he makes for an excellent partner. Even without his angel grace, Dean is an excellent fighter, and someone Castiel can trust to watch his back.
It’s chilly for late August. Dean shoves his hands into his ratty jacket as he makes his way across the lawn to the strange boy’s home. Nerves, hesitation, and a tinge of excitement make him jittery as he approaches the large, wooden door. He knocks on the door three times, stepping back as he shifts his weight from one foot to the other. An older boy answers, likely no younger than eighteen or nineteen. He raises an eyebrow at the young Winchester. A cigarette hangs off his lip.
But Lucifer stays utterly still. Refusing to leave without his brother, Castiel goes to grab his wrist as pieces of the ceiling begin to break away and fall only feet from them. Just as his hand closes over his brother’s arm, Lucifer raises his hand and flicks his fingers apart. An invisible blast hits Castiel square in the chest that seems to come right from Lucifer’s hand. He flies back with a loud yell of pain, sliding across the floor. Stars blink across his vision as he tries to understand what just
Dean bottoms out entirely, and Castiel groans out his name like a prayer to the angel Dean once was.
The two stop where they had been walking, looking around nervously. There’s a thrill in Dean’s eye; the opportunity to explore. To be in danger. To get into places he shouldn’t be. To solve a mystery, even. But Castiel’s arm holds him in place. The kid is scrawny; Dean could easily push past him. But the authority Castiel commands with the simple gesture holds Dean rooted in place better than any muscled strength could.
“Jesus, Cas’ you scared me. Anyway... that’s kinda the point,” Dean reminds him. “You’re not supposed to kiss people you don’t like.”
Castiel feels a weak noise escape his throat. The other is stoic, his expression completely unreadable as he stares out the window with his hand wrapped around the handle of his gun.
With a sigh, Dean grabs a water bottle from Castiel’s bag and tosses it to him. Castiel hadn’t realized how thirsty he was. He downs half the bottle in several, large gulps. He feels marginally better when he finally tosses it aside.
Castiel bites his lip. Frustrated, Dean scowls at him before turning away and marching up to the other boys. He’s grown really, really sick of sitting by; it was time to
“If I can promise to keep him safe, will you help me? This is...a moment of weakness for me. They can’t know that I’ve hidden her. They can’t know
Dean glares at him as he puts the record in the player. As the music begins to hum, Dean pulls out his backpack to uselessly look at his science “notes” - mostly Led Zeppelin quotes and a single formula from class that Dean has no idea what it’s supposed to mean.
“Looking back, I can see now that my mother was deeply depressed. She rarely left her room, not that she had any real reason to; women were not meant to work or make a life for themselves, according to my father. I would try to reach her - but my mother would just sit on her bed whenever I entered her room. Sometimes she would read me nicer verses of the Bible quietly, without looking at me. I’d bring her tea and she’d thank me, kiss my head, ask me how Lucifer was like she was living someplace far, far away from us.
Castiel looks at Dean, at a loss for words. “No - no, I-I understand. Go do what you need to do. And, um...Dean, I --”
physically strong enough to do so. But you need to find somebody else. I’m not the man you think I am.”
Balthazar’s voice interrupts the onslaught of the intrusive memory, sending Castiel reeling back into the present. “Only angels can save a soul from hell. No other beings have that kind of power.”
“You shut up!” Dean laughs, trying to sound less serious than he feels. “But...really,” Dean begins, “All that...it was...it was fun. But I don’t think I can really keep doing it again.”
“Well...I guess your jerk brother kicking you out of the house wasn’t so bad after all, huh?” Dean says. Castiel nods in agreement.
Castiel turns away. His face is red, burning with a shame that he doesn’t want to acknowledge. He knows why he went down there. And to be saved, by an angel no less, is impossible to rationalize. He watches as Dean tilts his head, slightly, taking a step closer to Castiel. It’s not threatening; it’s curious. Dean studies him like he would an intricate puzzle, tracing the lines of his face to find the missing pieces.
“I’m doing what I have to do to save the world,” she says quietly. “I care about this place too much to let it burn. And...as
“Yes. You’ll just need to take it slow. I have lubricant in my drawer.” Even now, Castiel’s voice trembles with nerves. He wants this - he
“Well, I wanted to ask if you’d like to come back home with us,” Castiel says pleasantly. Trained eyes stare over Dean’s shoulder in search for his father; the unspoken, careful agreement to avoid John Winchester, even if Dean had never explicitly told him why.
.’ And you will let me in,” Dean snarls. Castiel shakes his head slowly, groaning in pain when Dean’s fingers tighten in his hair. His presence is commanding; powerful and terrifying and vast. Castiel looks up at him, beholding the terror and fury of an archangel denied what he has been promised by fate itself.
“What sent me to hell, then?” he rasps. All at once, he doesn’t care if she’s lying or not. He wants her to hurt. He drives the knife coated in holy water through her stomach and she screams again, her body writhing against the scorching blade. “Why did I go to hell? If I’m so
Castiel curses as Dean climbs out of the car, quickly following him as the rush of the cold, night air greets his warm skin. Outside the car is a smaller man - the bartender from inside. Castiel blinks in surprise. “Alfie?” he asks hoarsely. Castiel feels his face heat up in shame. Despite Dean’s efforts to fix himself, the car windows are still fogged and they’d both scrambled out of the backseat - not exactly inconspicuous.
“Well, you’re the one who said you didn’t make a deal that woulda sent you down to that pit,” Balthazar continues. “So...maybe an angel thinks you didn’t deserve the hellfire after all. And look -”
“I may have enough money saved...Seattle. I’ve heard Seattle is...is a good music scene. No more playing for men in the dark. No more...any of this.” He looks at Dean, his gaze taking on an intensity Dean is unused to. Hesitantly, Dean pushes himself off the lawn to sit upright to look at him better.
Castiel nods. He regards Dean with those bright, piercing eyes that seem to stare straight into Dean's mind. It makes him shiver.
“Hello, Dean,” his friend greets him. Always one for formalities. Dean huffs a greeting, grinning at Gabriel standing bundled up against the cold by his brother’s side.
But Castiel says nothing. He storms back into the circle of the demon trap, grabs her face roughly in his hand, and shoves the salt directly into her other eye. Like before, she screams and even tries to twist away before he lets her go and steps back to watch her. And like before, her screams trail off into weak laughter as she spits out some of the salt that had trickled between her lips.
“Cas’...Castiel…” Dean breathes. Rigid and unmoving, Castiel stares at the small drips of blood on the floor, completely silent. Ragged, uneven breaths heave out of his chest. Dean squeezes his shoulder, willing Castiel to relax. The touch seems to calm him ever so slightly; bit by bit, the muscles in his body seem to unclench, and his breathing grows softer. Dean’s heart pounds in his chest as he stares at him in awe.
“Dean, seriously. If he’s as crazy as you say, maybe you should stay out of this and call the police. He could hurt you, or — or get you arrested or something.”
as the breath whooshes from his lungs. He coughs and groans as Gabriel and Dean shriek with laughter.
He grabs the necklace from his pocket, holding it out for the older boy to see. He raises a slow, cautious eyebrow. Regarding Dean with little trust in his eyes as he reaches out to take it from Dean’s hand. He examines it for a moment with a shake of his head.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” Dean whispers. Around them, the late bell rings. It pounds against Dean’s eardrums, but the noise is drowned out by the deafening silence of Castiel’s voice. God, Castiel even
“The rest of the Seals cannot be broken,” Dean says quietly, brushing off his hands against his pants. Castiel and Balthazar try to find their bearings as they look at one another in disbelief. “Or the Devil will rise. And believe me, Castiel. He does not want to be risen.”
“Yes, fine.” His voice is hoarse and dry. He hastily tries to clear it as he stammers out a request for a single shot of whiskey, neat.
Dean leans back against the stool, intimately aware of how close they’re sitting together. He doesn’t want to pull away - but he can all but
Just as his hand closes around the handle of the driver’s seat, footsteps make him turn. Two people stand several yards away, their heads slightly bowed. Their bodies seem to move in time with their ragged, heavy breathing that Castiel can hear even from a slight distance. One woman is about his age, perhaps older. Long, black hair hangs in front of her face, her mouth smeared with blood and bits of gore. Beside her, a young boy, no older than seven or eight years old, twitches when Castiel meets his eyes. Like the woman beside him (his mother?) his stringy hair hands over his eyes, his bared teeth revealing a bloody, empty grimace.
“Dude, you sounded like an expert freaking piano player. There’s no way you played that well just by listening to the song a few times.”
he thinks to himself. A place he used to find comfort in long ago - and a place he hasn’t visited in far, far too long. He brings the car to a halt, makes a u-turn, and screeches ahead towards the nearest exit where the Trinity Church of Michael sits near the corner of a long stretch of hazy road.
Dean isn’t surprised. Just crestfallen. He inhales, taking a steady breath as he watches his father fold his arms across his chest. They’d barely spoken since their confrontation after John walked in on Dean and Benny. Dean had been terrified to ask for anything since then, let alone something he knows his father wouldn’t approve of. And now, in their small kitchen, Dean can barely look his father in the eye.
Castiel thinks dryly to himself as he quickly ducks around the corner, making his way to the back entrance.
“Sometimes. But not always. Sometimes you just...look at a person. And they look at you. Maybe you’ve held hands with them, gone on dates, spent time together...they make you laugh a lot. And you both kinda get closer, and closer until…”
of your fate, Castiel,” she says softly. He tries to pull away, but now her hold on him is real — he can’t move now that his body is alert, on-edge, and desperate to fight back against her presence.
Beside the tools, a syringe lays next to the holy water. He takes it into his hands and draws water in through the thick vial up to the brim. Her words settle deep in the nooks of Castiel’s skin, but he pays no attention. She knows everything about him. He has nothing to hide from her simply because he
Dean doesn’t want to talk. He only wants to sleep. He shoves off his father’s questions, even when he grows angry, and shuffles off to his room. It’s still early in the day — not even five o’clock. But all he wants to do is sleep. He sleeps for hours in his clothes, only having the sense to take off his shoes before collapsing into bed. Eventually, when his alarm rings for school the next day, he ignores it and even ignores Sam’s pleas to get up and walk with him to school. He sleeps, wolfs down a bowl of cereal hours later, and when he can’t fall back asleep, Dean lays in bed. He stares at the ceiling numbly, aching for something that could never be put into words. When he closes his eyes, he sees Castiel’s haunted face; he sees Gabriel’s tiny body on the stretcher. He sees the empty, sunken eyes of their father and the bruises on Castiel’s face.
Castiel shrugs. “I’ve never imagined an angel wanting something so badly,” Castiel says. He wonders just how much he’d regret this later. “You wanted him to touch you. I’m assuming these clubs have rules...standards for what dancers can and cannot do. But you wanted more, be it more connection, more...something. Wanting is a very...human thing to experience. I did not imagine angels as beings who
against his lips, again and again, panting the silence with the most honest thing he’s ever said in his life. They pull away, dazed, unable to stop looking at one another.
Castiel can’t bring himself to shoot the boy, a mistake Castiel realizes he’s made a second too late. The boy’s nails dig into Castiel’s chest as he’s slammed back against the car, the boy snapping his teeth towards Castiel’s throat as he screams and growls like a wild animal. Castiel thrashes away, kicking the boy twice in the shins hard enough to splinter the bone, but the boy seems entirely unphased. Pinned between the boy’s weight and the car door, Castiel manages to raise his gun and fire three rounds into his head, dropping him instantly. A violent wave of nausea makes him gag at the sight of the dead child. He clutches his stomach, forcing himself to calm as he turns away from the body and fumbles to open his car door. Gripping the steering wheel tightly, Castiel forces himself to breathe, to calm down long enough to assess the situation.
“Problem being,” Dean continues, “I may be in trouble. With the other angels. I, uh...the whole ‘sticking Jo in a pocket dimension’ thing? They can’t prove that but, uh - they know Jo and I were close back in heaven. And since she resurfaced, they’ve been able to pick up traces of where she’s been. And where I’ve been.”
he thinks to himself with a huff. He shoves his glass aside, jerking up from the table to the bar to order another glass. The bartender is a younger man with curly, purple hair and a tight black t-shirt. He passes a small smile towards Castiel.
Castiel swallows thickly. A hunt would distract him from...whatever this is. Keep his thoughts from fixating on images of angels and hellfire and everything else he so desperately wishes weren’t real. And, considering this was an actual,
“What if we do leave?” Dean asks again, softer this time. John stops, still not looking at him. For a long moment, he doesn’t speak at all.
are actively making now. I thought I had nothing - I was so, so wrong. If you don’t like what you see, then maybe try opening your eyes, Castiel.”
And then, Castiel is no more. There’s black - an endless, cold, sea of black. And Dean is nowhere to be found.
That night, Dean is restless. Sam crawled up to bed without a word when Dean was already trying to sleep. Unable to fall fully asleep, he can’t seem to shake the feeling that something is
The case is in the town over, only about a twenty-minute drive away. He wonders, vaguely, if this has anything to do with the angel killings Dean had mentioned the night before. Pamela's eyes had
"Samuel, I'm older than you, and I've been on this planet long enough to know a queer when I see one. And I'm just telling Dean that he should be careful. Mind your manners and eat your dinner."
Eradicated from the map.” Dean catches Castiel’s wide eyes and immediately looks away. Robert huffs a laugh, eyeing Castiel’s silent, disbelieving anger mapped across his face.
And with that, he’s gone, leaving Dean slightly dazed. He’d never understand Castiel, he decides. Sighing, he flops back onto his bed returns to his English homework, giving up after the first question and shoving it back into his backpack with a sigh as he finishes his coke.
That day, Castiel feels lighter. He presses a soft kiss to Dean’s temple as they sit on the ground, surrounded by the people they lost and the memories they’d given to them along the way.
He recognizes that word. “Croatoan” is the name of the demon virus that turns people into raving, violent monsters. Castiel and Lucifer had dealt with a small outbreak of it several states over and nearly died trying to protect the rest of the town. He remembers it vividly, and now, the recollection brings uneasy goosebumps to his arms.
Castiel swallows thickly, glancing around before pulling them aside to step through the door and out into the parking lot.
Castiel is awakened by the sound of cars pulling in through the front gate. God, how long had he slept? The clock on the wall reads 10:34 a.m., but it feels much later. Castiel wipes his eyes, hurriedly slipping on his boots as he tries to power through his grogginess and disorientation that he’s still
Balthazar huffs in thanks. “Well, I’m always down for a little midnight action, but I’m currently nursing a hangover anyway. Don’t have to worry about this ‘liability’ dragging you boys down from your fun. Guess I better get busy on the basement door,” he mutters. He passes a wary look at Castiel. “Cas? Be careful out there. Please.”
Castiel sighs. “Then maybe leadership isn’t right for you. Dean, I think you’re a lousy leader because you care too much.”
Dean makes Castiel drive and provides directions along the way. Angel teleportation would make it easier to track them and Dean doesn’t want to risk it. If need be, the other angels
“Hey, assholes,” Dean snarls. He grabs Az and drags him away from Benny in a display of strength that surprises even himself. “Leave the guy alone.”
Castiel wrinkles up his nose. “Getting ‘buzzed’ does not seem worth it to drink whatever this garbage is.”
“Father,” Castiel begins hesitantly. Dean can hear the fear in his voice. Carefully, Dean makes a move to stand beside the two brothers, unsure of what he can or should do — only knowing that he
and now, it is coming to bite him while he’s down. He hurts in every way that an angel can’t fix, hurts in every way he doesn’t deserve relief from. He would burn all over again for this and he would deserve it, just as he deserved it the first time. He’s tortured and enjoyed it. He broke the first Seal. He’d let Lucifer down so much, Lucifer saw fit to throw him into hell just for a chance at power.
not Michael. He offers a hand to Castiel, helping him stumble to his feet. Carefully, he reaches a hand across to cradle Castiel’s face. The blood splattered across his skin vanishes as the swelling fades, leaving him feeling renewed. Dean sighs, keeping his hand gently pressed against Castiel’s jaw.
“You heard what I said,” John snaps. “You’re not going. And honestly? I don’t know if I trust you on your own anymore. Not after I caught you with that kid.“
“There are many ways to be intelligent. I could never fix a car the way you could, or learn the skills to repair simple objects the way you can.” Instinctively, Castiel’s hand goes over his music pendant that Dean had fixed for him months ago.
And if they insist on questioning me back in heaven, I can’t be here to make sure she stays safe. I...I need you.”
It’s a bar, Dean knows, and a gross one at that. Even from his careful distance, he can hear loud talking inside, and can practically smell the cheap beer from here. It’s a dive that not even most high schoolers bothered trying to sneak into with fake IDs. Shady and known for keeping unpleasant company, the idea of Castiel walking into a place like Purgatory is almost enough to make Dean laugh out loud. But, much to Dean’s bewildered amazement, Castiel crosses the street and walks around to the side of the building. Unable to believe that he’s actually going to
“It was, uh...a fight,” Dean admits. “That kid back there -Benny - was in trouble. Three guys who are total assholes. I stepped in and they roughed me up. Cas’ scared ‘em off.”
Castiel shakes his head slowly, feeling dread pool in his gut. “I...I don’t know. What is this place? Can you at least tell me that much?”
It dawns on Dean that his dad never really talked to Castiel in the months that they’d been hanging out, despite his comments about Dean’s friend being ‘queer’ when Castiel wasn’t around.
If it's not obvious already, "The End" and "Sacrifice" are my two favorite SPN episodes. I was very,
Benny gives Dean a small, sad smile. “Heh. Gettin’ out of here after all, eh? Looks like you’re gonna make it after all. I’m proud of you, brother.” He gives Dean an affectionate punch on the arm, a gesture that makes Dean grin with embarrassment.
Castiel sputters out a wordless noise and gropes blindly for the table behind him. He lets go of the needle and it hangs off of her skin for a moment before falling to the floor, the vial shattering into a dozen pieces.
She frowns, shying away from his touch. "How am I supposed to trust you? How do I know you aren't going to bring me right to the angels?"
“You will.” Jo closes her eyes and reaches a hand up to gently cup Castiel’s face. Unable to push her away in time, he stumbles back as a warm flood of heat erupts from her fingers, making his vision swim. He pushes her away, but it’s already too late. His vision spins as a whirl of color makes him feel weak in the knees. As her stern face shifts and fades away from his line of view, a rush of vertigo sends him tumbling to the floor before his vision blacks out.
Castiel doesn’t ask him what he means - he can’t. Dean vanishes, and Castiel is left to stare out the window, rolling his words around in his head like bullets pinched between the tips of his fingers.
“He never asked for my grace,” he says quietly. “I would have given it to him. Freely. But he did not ask.”
“And that means I get candy!” Gabriel declares triumphantly. Castiel breathes a laugh before rolling his eyes.
“Castiel.” A voice Castiel only faintly recognizes sounds from somewhere beside him. He turns, spotting a man half-concealed behind a tree. At first glance, he doesn’t recognize him - but as Castiel draws closer, he realizes that he’s looking at Garth. He immediately recognizes the angel from the strip club - and the one that had interrupted him and Dean in the backseat of the car. He flushes at the memory, trying to shake it off as he hesitantly approaches the angel.
“Keep out of sight. And go to bed. I have a supply run early tomorrow morning. If you can’t do that much, I’m just going to get rid of you.”
Dean sighs. Despite his neighbor's odd behavior, he knows that this is his best shot at making a friend his age. He can’t remember the last time he actually had a friend that he knew for more than a couple of weeks at a time. He wouldn’t admit it, especially not to Sam, but it was his own loneliness driving him towards any opportunity for companionship. He could always ditch the kid if he proved to be as weird as he seemed.
Dean quirks an eyebrow, silently waiting for Castiel to continue. Surely, Castiel can’t lie to an angel. That would be...offensive, wouldn’t it? Surely Dean would be able to tell. Angels, as Castiel knows, are holy, perfect beings. Even if Dean is already shattering every, perfect image of an angel Castiel has kept in his head since childhood. He draws in a deep breath, suddenly wishing he had a drink for himself as forces himself to keep talking.
“She was a good girl,” the woman says finally. “‘Jo’. I liked her. I was her doctor while she was here. She usually kept to herself and her drawings, but she suffered from schizophrenia and psychosis. Has ever since she was little.”
Castiel’s rigid formality makes Dean grit his teeth. He’s grown used to it, and lately, it hardly stands out to him anymore — but in front of his dad, it sends a pit of anxiety into his gut.
The offer surprises Dean. He’d never been to Castiel’s house before - another, unspoken agreement. He didn’t want to be around Castiel’s family any more than Castiel did. “To your place?”
him he was going to work a job tonight. But Dean never imagined it was this late. Or this...secretive.
Before either of them can say another word, the lunch bell rings. Castiel stands abruptly from his seat, marching towards the lunch tray drop-off and hurrying out of the lunchroom before Dean can even call out his name. Stunned, Dean follows suit as Castiel disappears. They’ve always left lunch together — always. Clearly, something is up with him. And, though Dean doesn’t want to think about it, he knows it has something to do with his absence the past couple of days.
“I love you, Jo,” Castiel hears Dean say quietly. He still doesn’t look at them. He lifts his head and watches the trees in the distance, sturdy and solid and unmoving. Unaffected by the loss Castiel would feel for the rest of his life.
“What other songs can you play?” he demands, a little suddenly. Castiel seems startled by Dean’s sudden, rapt interest. Dean hardly notices.
Dean can’t put his finger on exactly why it felt so...wrong. But he doesn’t trust this place anymore than he can understand how Castiel would find a job like this. Shifting uncomfortably, Dean makes sure Castiel is out of sight before he shrugs his hood over his head and hurries home, thinking about everything he heard. And when he crawls through his bedroom window, careful not to wake his brother, he lays in bed, staring at the dark ceiling in a whirlwind of thought.
“Yeah, and I wish he would have done it sooner so that I could have killed him myself and been done with it.”
Dean goes into autopilot. He tears his gaze away from the window and carefully climbs out of bed, moving as swiftly and silently as he possibly can. He yanks on a pair of jeans, throws his coat over his gray tank-top, and hurries down the stairs, holding his breath the entire time. In the living room, his father is asleep to the gentle sounds of the TV, an empty beer can sitting on the table beside him. Dean quickly grabs the flashlight from the toolbox sitting on the kitchen table and hurries outside.
Castiel’s mouth opens and closes wordlessly in disbelief. Benny stands just as Castiel remembers him; black overcoat. White dress shirt underneath. Thick, broad-shoulders and a heavy, Cajun accent. But before he can make a single sound, Benny swings his fist back and punches Castiel in the mouth. With a grunt, Castiel clamors back against the sink, his head rocking back as blood spurts from his lower lip. He watches Benny with wild eyes as Castiel fumbles for the knife in his belt.
“They’re a bunch of white-trash assholes,” she growls under her breath. The vulgar language surprises Dean. He can’t help but laugh as she gives him a small smile. When his face is mostly clean, she sets the cloth down and begins carefully bandaging his wounds.
“Whattya think about getting out of here, Sam?” Dean asks him suddenly. At night, Dean and Sam lay in their respective beds right after shutting off the light. He hears Sam rustle beneath the covers before turning to face his brother from across the room.
“I don’t know. But I don’t like the look of this. Looks like she salted her windows...but whatever this was got her good. She was a good hunter, too. Been doing this for years, not the type to die from a normal ghost haunting. We need to get back to the house so I can get a better look at this.”
I will try to update every Tuesday. As of now, I'm planning on this work being 12 chapters, but that still
“Inventory of pain medication came up short. Again. I talked it over with Reese and we both agreed we think someone is stealing supplies. This is the third time this month inventory has had this discrepancy - and we’ve checked twice.”
Then, the air erupts into a pinnacle of harsh noise, cutting through the muffled, near-silence of summer cicadas lingering in the dry grass outside. The dingy TV screen in the corner bursts into static, making Castiel turn. He tilts his head, watching it for a moment before a high whine makes him flinch. It grows in volume until it reaches a dizzying crescendo that he can no longer ignore. He presses his hands over his ears, stumbling to the shelves to grab the salt and coat the edges of the windows and doors in its protective line. But the sound doesn’t stop. Castiel’s ears bleed as he screams in agony -
“You did the right thing too, Dean,” Castiel reminds him quietly. “You let Samuel go. He doesn’t hate you for what you did. He forgives you, even if you two are not as close as you once were.”
“I know,” Dean says finally. “It doesn’t matter. It’s not like I’m going anywhere, anyway. Someone’s gotta take care of you, right?”
Castiel nods once, though he isn’t sure he believes him. He picks up his knife as Dean gestures for him to come closer. Once Castiel is beside him and Jo, Dean touches both of their foreheads and, all at once, Castiel finds himself stumbling back in a completely different room, disoriented and dizzy. Angelic transportation isn't something he thinks he'll ever get used to, or even remotely enjoy. But when his back hits the familiar, wooden wall of the empty bar Dean had transported him to before, he and Dean are alone.
Balthazar gives Castiel a wary look. “Your old man was about as batshit extreme as they come. I know you’re religious and all, but you aren’t like him.”
“Threaten me all you want. I’m going to kill that witch and you’re not going to lay a single finger on this town. If I’m really so important to you...then it looks like you’re out of options.”
Dean shoves his hands into his pockets. “She’s an angel. Sort of. An angel without her grace. She fell from heaven willingly many years ago and has been on earth ever since.”
