Over the next days, his chest closed, the tissues and bone coming together, visibly healing. Holmes had by that time learned what the human body was capable of, and what it was not. He had studied Death with a knife, dissecting and probing and looking for the cause. He knew what it took to kill a human body.
I know Greg pretty well. He’s sad too. And I haven’t seen him since the funeral. He texted me once, and I think I replied. I open my phone and check.
“A pleasure to meet you, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft says smoothly. The loathing is still there, under the polite facade. “I understand that you are a graduate of the Priory School, like my brother. Perhaps what I have to say will interest you as well.”
In that state, there is no awareness. Life dims, but like a pilot light, it keeps burning. That is the threshold, he thinks. If only he could stand there long enough to understand.
For a long moment she gazed at me, and I fancied that it was love I saw in her eyes. Or admiration. She remained speechless, her blancmange untasted.
John knows the emptiness in himself. He’s a social man, and for months he’s been alone. He remembers the moment that void appeared. He was lying in a bed in a field hospital, reading a letter from Mary.
When his vision cleared, John Watson was standing in front of him, smiling. The shaggy beard was gone, the hair trimmed. He was wearing an Aran jumper identical to the one he used to wear.
Moriarty is in a drawer, his compartment pulled out, his bag zipped down to reveal what is left of him. Holmes stands, carefully, shuffles over to him and has a look.
When I lifted his skull from the ground, he smiled at it, as if recognising himself. I placed it in the box with the other bones, covered it with a canvas tarp, and took it away with me.
John winces. What will he deduce from this broken army doctor’s limp, his ill-fitting suit, his nervous manner?
Watson is wondering about how they will find out what they need to know, what questions will open up a useful conversation with the students. He knows that Holmes has his own methods, and wants to defer to his understanding, but worries that he may bully the more fearful students into silence, rather than encouraging them to talk by showing himself to be an ally. Still, he did defer to Watson in their questioning of Henry, so maybe this is why he’s asked Watson to assist, because he has a less aggressive way of questioning.
Then he would call her mother and give his daughter a small lecture while they waited for her to come pick her up.
“I’m glad you realise that. If anyone turns this into a disaster, it will be him. I hope you’ve got a stand-in lined up in case he goes off the deep end.”
“Everybody, this is Irene Adler,” Molly said, smiling. “She’s the director’s assistant, and she’ll be, well…She’s the script consultant, and will be directing us today. Say hello to Miss Adler, everybody, and introduce yourselves!”
. And Ella’s right. The change has to come from him. He’s been doling his happiness out in small portions, afraid to say what he wants, afraid he’s lost the chance to have it and never deserved it in the first place.
At home, he liked to keep an eye on Dad, make sure he wasn’t about to start drunken raving and decide that John was doing something— spending his money, spying on him for the government, trying to have him put away. His paranoia made John a bit paranoid. He knew how to handle his father, most of the time, though he could remember Harry locking the two of them in the bedroom upstairs when Dad went on a rampage downstairs and started smashing things. They would wait, silently, until the rant ended.
“It’s fine. Come on up.” She buzzes him in, puts her robe over her pyjamas and fills the kettle again. When she hears the knock, she lets him in.
Sherlock stops, turns, and regards me without surprise, almost as if he expected to find me here. “I can’t take you with me, John. I know you don’t understand, but you have to believe I’m dead.”
“There are other vices less expensive and more pleasant.” I lit my cigar and blew out a cloud of smoke.
. People are no longer reaching around us to get a quart of milk or a tub of yoghurt. They’re watching us.
Over the years, Watson has felt a lot of anger towards his father. An impotent rage, seeing as the man died years ago. He and Harry have carried that anger for years, and what has it done for them? Maybe Harry has already learned that lesson, and that’s why she’s stopped drinking, moved on from Clara. But what has John done, other than cling to his anger and disappointment as if there were someone who could still answer to all that? There is no answer, in fact.
“Got it,” Irene said. “We can add a line or two that makes it clear they have some kind of psychic connection.”
John is grinning up at him. The lines around his eyes are deeper, his hair is more silver than gold now, but he’s even more handsome than the day he limped into Barts. He’s happy.
, they call it. For a long time, Molly thought Sherlock was meant for her, and he wonders if she still thinks that. If so, she must be disappointed that they can’t be together. She must think herself unlucky.
No, that wouldn’t have been possible. It was good that he hadn’t said. John was a heartthrob, a media darling, a cover boy for all the teen magazines. Girls screamed when they caught sight of him, fainted when he made public appearances. He was blond and cute, and smiled shyly, as if he were befuddled by his own popularity. The producers had pushed him, arranging appearances and interviews. They even made him record a song, something forgettable. And he’d dutifully done it all, for the sake of the series.
John collapses onto his bed, trying not to think too hard about cameras and sirens. Tomorrow when he wakes up, this will be nothing more than a dream.
John lowers his face to Sherlock’s, and for a moment he thinks John is going to whisper something to him. Instead, he leans over and presses his lips to Sherlock’s.
They undress each other, giggling a bit as they do, and slip between the sheets. So far, sex has meant either oral or hand jobs. John has said that he’s never done anything else with a man, and so far they haven’t tried any penetration. Sherlock has been waiting, letting John become more comfortable with the idea of that before pushing him.
“He was distracting you, feeding you a story that he hoped you would repeat to me in order to throw us off.”
“Well, I’m not holding my breath,” said Sherlock. “To expect the producers of a successful series to take such a risk is not reasonable.”
aware. And he remembered the wad of pages his fan on the train had pulled out. He’d thought of it as a fringe thing, though, hardly a serious threat to his role.
I preferred the passive role in love-making, but had never liked being penetrated by another. Tonight, however, I lay on my back, letting John ease himself down on my prick, entering him from below. He was gorgeous like this, so beautifully debauched. I loved seeing the effect I could have on him, making him shudder and moan.
“You work for a data company. As I recall you once boasted that you could find out anything about anybody— police records, employment history, drug use, porn preferences, internet search history… Was that just a boast?”
“Well, Master William knows his letters, to be sure,” she said, smiling. “Let’s see if he can read this.”
No one spoke as Stan laid the box in the ground and they took turns covering it with dirt. Rachel became hysterical once it was done, and Stan led her inside, holding her close against his side. Kitty stayed with Billy, holding her son's hand as they stared at the ground.
Ah, that was Sherlock all over. Simple, direct…and enough love in his voice to break your heart. “I dunno. Unless you can somehow tell me how to get out. Trouble is it’s pitch black there, and I was unconscious when they put me in.”
They did have a lovely time that summer. Mycroft met all five of the MacDonald brood, and they were delighted to meet the ‘London man’ who sent them such thoughtful presents. Maggie and Matthew were charmed by Mycroft, and they endeavoured to make sure their guest was happy. They didn’t need to put in much effort.
Kitty’s text, filled with expletives that made John raise his eyebrows, came early the next morning. He debated about showing Sherlock, but decided that could wait. He put his phone down again and nestled back against his husband.
“You can stay here,” Holmes answered, deep voice rumbling against John’s ear. “It’s bright here, and quiet if you need it, or I can talk if you like.”
John smiled and took a deep breath. "I should have," he answered. "I should have believed it every time you told me, every time you've shown me, but...I don't think I've believed it until now. It felt like—"
“Oh.” Molly pulled Janine close. She didn’t really care if it was a common song. She was a commoner, after all, and being in love with a beautiful Princess couldn’t quite change that.
“John, I am attempting to be supportive. Sex might be an important component of their relationship—”
Ireni unbound his hands. “I don’t think so, darling. I think we’ll be just fine. I guess we’ll know more than you.” She looked up and her beautiful face creased with annoyance. “Maria, stop watching behind us!”
They held hands on the ride. Sherlock didn’t talk much and John stared out the window, trying to figure out where they were going.
He and Sherlock were sitting and having a nice, quiet, late supper. Their blogs were updated, their phones turned off, and there was every indication that this was going to be one of the nights they spent making love together and falling asleep without nightmares.
The beggar-woman limped up the palace steps. She ignored the guards who tried to help her, drawing her bundle of rags to her chest and glaring at any who were more persistent. When she got to the Prince’s door, she walked right past the lords and slammed the bundle on the Prince’s desk.
After nearly three years of thinking Sherlock didn’t love him, having a dream Sherlock who loved him, really loved him, was more than enough to keep him patient. His opportunity would come.
Mycroft and Gregory spent many hours sitting together, often in silence, sometimes discussing the latest strange occurrence in London or Matt’s last prank. There was something comfortable about the silence; two men near the end of their days, finding solace in a new friendship.
Sherlock was a strong swimmer (push away the memory of why, the first time he’d ever made John laugh when they were children), and he started swimming as quietly as he could.
“The chocolate makes it go down easier,” Martha said distractedly. She was holding John’s hand as she brushed the pill, covering it carefully. “What’s the news from the castle?”
Thankfully they caught the early train, but it was still nearly supper time when they reached Plymouth. Holmes led Watson down to the docks, growing more puzzled by the moment. There were no obvious signs of political unrest, and the summer crowds made the town far more crowded than Mycroft liked. If his brother ever left London, he tended to retire to their old family home in the country. What on earth would possess him to come here, especially if he could simply send him and Watson?
"Really? How is that?" Against his will (he was a grown man and could look after himself, thank you very much) John started looking around for Sherlock. He was standing near the far wall, talking to Greg. He wouldn’t be able to hear John from that distance without attracting attention.
“You always were a coward, Jamiarty.” King Lotharon shook his head. “You forfeited your right to die when you took your sister’s right to live. You are going to live a long, healthy life, alone with your cowardice and failure. ”
It was late afternoon, judging by the light. They’d come staggering home from St. Bart’s, unwilling to let each other go for a moment, stopping just long enough to explain to poor Mrs. Hudson why the nice young man fixing the fridge now had a bullet in his skull. They’d collapsed in bed right after their phones were switched off. John fell asleep almost immediately; apparently being knocked unconscious for several hours didn’t make up for missed sleep.
“It will someday,” Watson said. He shared a look with Holmes, eyes raised, clearly thinking of the same night. “But Holmes is right, Mycroft, what is the point?”
“Because we are showing support for Mycroft and Greg’s relationship,” John explained. For the tenth time. Not like anyone was counting. “They’ve both been very good to us, even when we told them—well.”
“What if we don’t?” That was Ireni’s blunt voice. “No offense, but we’re going up against one of the most powerful men on earth, and if he catches wind of what we’re doing, we’ll have armies after us before we can blink.”
As the giant began to follow Ireni, taking tiny steps so not to overtake the woman, Sherlock couldn’t resist asking a question.
"Not for long," Kitty said. "I mean, I'm a working girl, aren't I? She never knew, and it was just too hard to keep a secret, so I lied and said I wasn't into girls anymore. Luckily enough, neither was she. We've stayed friends, sort of—I ring her sometimes." Kitty started picking at her nails. "The last time I called her was about two months ago, and she said that she was seeing someone. Two nights later I was dancing at one of his clubs, and I saw them together."
“Take her to the dungeons,” Mycroft ordered. “Keep her in that chair, and lock her far away from Moran.”
Sherlock said nothing, but he believed the large man, who was now attaching the women to his front, leaving his massive arms free. And now that he was thinking about it, what would be so bad about death? At the least, his existence would end and there would be no more pain. At the best…maybe he would see John again.
When Molly Hooper was thirty-five she and Mike bought a tiny house together. It was in a quiet neighbourhood and they had flowers in the garden and plenty of room to hang up her Dad’s paintings. There was even room in their dining room to dance as long as they pushed the chairs out of the way.
Sally heard that loud and clear, but that was only because Max was a loud man. Sally suspected he was going deaf, because he hadn’t started the shouting until after Waverly was born.
close. He’d worried in the last couple of months that the baby would somehow feel like his, but it didn’t feel that way at all. This baby was family, certainly. But Rachel Molly Hopkins was his granddaughter. Certainly not his daughter.
The girl seemed to be more alert now. She looked to be in her early twenties, though there were lines on her face that usually came with many more years. She had a pretty face—deep brown eyes, dark skin, a small mouth and nose and high cheekbones. She was tall but she was bent nearly double now, trying to make herself smaller even as she glared at them. Dressed in dark jeans and a black tank top, there was an ugly scar across her left forearm.
As the room echoed the chant, and the banner man from Nepce removed her headdress , Molly turned puzzled eyes to Janine. Her lover winked, and tapped her tiara.
“I tried to free him. But he refused. He wants to save his Princess, and I want to see that happen. I have a wheelbarrow, we can use that.”
“Very well.” Mycroft's eyebrows were drawn firmly together. “I will make preliminary arrangements. You will be told very little, John, to make your acting more natural. Will you agree to that?”
He went up for the funeral, speaking quietly to everyone. Sherlock and his husband had come up as well, faces lined with grief, but Mycroft couldn’t bear to look at them. Later perhaps, in the spring, once he could face the depth of his loss…but for now looking at his brother’s happiness, his brother’s love standing with him, was too hard.
“I understand.” Riley’s voice was sweet and high, not at all what Janine expected from a woman with such fierce eyes. “I can figure out when I’m beaten. Shame none of you can.”
“Then where’s he gone?” John started to tremble, and he clutched at the post. “Molly, you need help, the blood…”
“And now what?” John shouted right back. “Now that we're lovers, you're going to tell me goodbye before you leave me behind? How kind of you. Damn you Sherlock, I was your friend before I was your partner. How do you think I would have coped without you there?”
It was different for the others. Molly had Janine now, and of course the Princess had his husband. Grezzik didn’t need that kind of happiness (though it would be nice), but he was starting to feel dissatisfied. He didn’t have to fight anymore, which was nice, and his friends were here, and that was nice too. But he was starting to feel useless. Really, what had he done since coming here?
Several miles away, Maria Montoya wandered in the darkness, head throbbing and unsure how to get back. They would meet back at the beginning. They always did.
There are many songs that fit Johnlock, but this one is mine (that I like). Next installment we'll be heading back to Victorian times; it will hopefully be up Wednesday but might be delayed to Thursday (if so I apologize in advance). For you canon buffs, this story follows an adventure to do with threes...
“We don’t have to do this, you know.” Maria got to hers, her sword in her left hand. “If you leave now and go the other way, I’m happy to let you go.”
There were chains attached to each wrist, and chains attached to a collar around his neck. There were chains at his ankles too, and his knees were attached to the chair by rope. Stam stood next to him with a knife.
), but he failed to realize that Riley was very much in love with him. Well, as in love as she could be. And when Anderson ran off with Sally, and Riley found out that the Carrier was carrying Anderson’s child…well. Hell hath no fury, and all that.
Miracle Max didn’t answer. He turned John’s hand palm up. There was a birthmark on his wrist, a small, nearly-perfect circle.
I am still hesitant to write these words, for fear of this book falling into the wrong hands. But I must write these words down, to stop them from coming out of my mouth. I must trace my love across these pages, as I cannot write them anywhere else.
When dawn came Sally was still laboring, and the contractions were no closer together. Martha wasn’t worried. “It’s your first, darling. This is normal. It took me twelve hours to birth John’s father. And that was with every tincture Max could give me.”
Mrs. Hudson drew back at last, wiping her eyes. “Thank goodness. Now eat up, and tell me what happened.”
Text in bold is my voice, speaking to you all. Kinda like what William Goldman does in the book. It is a faster way of doing exposition (and let's face it, I can just tell you what you need to know about Florin's gender politics, and then we can move on).
It’s not, of course. Not home anymore. My eyes come to rest on your dressing gown, draped across the bookshelf for some reason. Maybe you flung it off and that’s where it landed. You’re like a fucking tornado sometimes, leaving random detritus in improbable places, then expecting me to know where your phone is.
Nothing else to see there, so he listened outside the bedroom door, just in case. It was half open, a hard clue to decipher. Though he lived alone, Sherlock always closed his own door at night. Having a nosy older brother meant that he had an overdeveloped need for privacy. Some people left their doors open for air circulation. No telling which kind of sleeper John was; they had never shared a room except on set.
“No threats, but they’ve offered some inducements,” Mike said. “First, Martha Hudson has agreed to be in it, reprising the role of John’s grandmum. I know you always got along with her.”
“I just wondered if they blame themselves. Mycroft said Mr Crawford dismissed the boy’s complaints, tried to force him to go back to school.”
The Crawfords hesitate, but agree. Watson wonders what Holmes makes of their insistence that the investigation is pointless.
He doesn’t remember falling asleep. When he wakes in the morning, there is no sign that John has been back.
“Oh, very good, Watson!” He throws up his hands. “Brilliant deduction! Too bad you didn’t reach that blatantly obvious conclusion
He’s still thinking about Molly when he arrives at his cottage. He makes tea and takes the urn down from the mantel. Sitting in his chair, he sets it on the table in front of him.
Sherlock stands in the parking lot of Roland-Kerr College, talking to Lestrade. He has a shock blanket, and he supposes he ought to be less coherent than he is. The blanket is distracting; it’s orange and linty. He doesn’t feel like he’s in shock. He feels like he’s been electrified, hooked up to a current that has poured life into him.
“Of course,” John says. He knows he’s been drinking a bit too much since he returned. He’s spent several evenings on the phone, arguing with his sister, and he bought a fairly pricey bottle of scotch to console himself about everything— his cheating wife, his ruined career, his unreasonable sister, his inadequate pension, and the unrelenting pain in his leg that’s really all in his head. But his purse is tighter now, and he hasn’t had a drink in a week, not even a pint of beer. Tonight he feels like he deserves a glass. Or two.
David has never been convinced that the limp was psychosomatic. Pain is not well understood, he always says. He’s seen people whose MRIs say they should be in agony, but they’re walking around with minimal pain. And there are people whose scans show no damage, no underlying cause for the excruciating pain they feel. It’s a nerve thing, he’s decided. “Maybe when you fell, you knocked something back into place.” This isn’t a scientific theory, but it’s better than the theory that says John has to endanger his life at regular intervals in order to be a whole, healthy human being without disabilities.
she’d said. Both men and women marry to elevate their social status, or for economic reasons, and nobody thinks badly of that. Why shouldn’t I have a wife, whatever my reasons might be, and why should this
John will step inside then. Seeing Sherlock makes him sad, but it also makes him brave. He remembers when he held Sherlock’s wrist and found no pulse, when he realised it was too late for what might have been. And now, he’s waited so long; he’s not going to wait any longer.
Sherlock asks for a moment, and the waiter promises to return and answer any questions they have. John doesn’t usually dine in restaurants where the menu would prompt questions or discussions of appropriate wines. He knows red wine or white wine, sweet or dry, and that’s the extent of it. He decides that if there’s a special on the menu tonight, he’ll have that, whatever it is, and take whatever wine the waiter suggests.
For a moment Sherlock lay on his belly, literally stunned from the blow. As he began to move, to check himself, he felt something hard press into the back of his neck.
Everything else on his list that day was boring. He’d insisted that we stop at Tesco to pick up milk, and since I was already in a bad mood, I agreed to tag along. Shopping isn’t my area. John does the shopping, but it doesn’t hurt for me to appear interested in it, especially now that he’s my boyfriend.
She told me about my cousins. Emma had married a man named Barnes and moved to Australia. Her husband had not succeeded in any of the ventures he had tried in England, so that seemed like their best option. They had a little boy named Henry, who was, according to my aunt,
Lestrade sometimes came to consult with me on cases, as he used to, but it often seemed as if he was really checking on me. He would linger and talk, and once or twice asked me if I had heard from Watson. My reply was invariably negative. He would nod then, and say he was sure Watson would write soon. How could he not have heard by now that I was back in London, alive and resuming my practice?
When the show ended, however, she was the one who organised the annual reunions, sent Christmas cards to them all, and phoned on their birthdays. At least he’d assumed that she called each of them on their birthdays, until he learned that he was the only one getting the calls. He didn’t even know her birthday.
“True,” said Lestrade. “You don’t have anyone to protect, though. What if you had a boyfriend? Would you feel differently?”
“You’ve said. I’m not sure you can reach any conclusions about yourself from her experience, though. And it isn’t
“Married? No, of course not,” she said, as if this were the most ridiculous thing she’d ever heard. “He’s gone away.”
“He will come home!” I cried. “He must! Oh, he sounds desperate! Mycroft, you must see to it at once! Oh, my poor Watson!”
“I just hope,” John begins. He isn’t sure how much he can share with Greg. When he was with Mary, he never talked to anyone about their relationship. It seemed dishonest, underhanded to do that. Maybe it would have helped, though, and he could have figured things out sooner.
“Leave. I don’t care where. Our partnership is at an end. I can manage the rent, and you’ve got your romance writing to occupy you. No, this was all a mistake, I’m afraid. Best to make a clean cut, rip the plaster off— a new beginning. Goodbye, old boy. I’ll miss you.”
“Sometimes, after he’d berated me for a while, he… made me strip. And…” John drew a deep breath and let it out. “He touched himself. I thought it was my fault, that I could have stopped him, or walked away or something. Or that it wasn’t a big deal. My manager at the time told me to keep quiet, and I suppose he had a point. It’s part of the territory, he said, and everybody understands that. All directors have their quirks. If you want to get anywhere, you go along with it. Magnussen could have ruined my career. As it happened, my career nearly killed me. The only scripts I got after that were teen romances.”
Sherlock has stopped eating. He stares down at his plate, not inscrutable, but sad. “That’s what worries me. I am who I am.”
“I believe Mrs. Hopkins directed the majority of the operations,” Holmes replied. “She’s got quite an eye.”
Bertie Gruner had been an attractive man in a sense—tall, dark, smouldering eyes, strong jaw and firm mouth. Now acid—it was sulfuric acid, and Sherlock had a sneaking suspicion that it had come from his kitchen table—was eating away at his features, turning a face any woman would look twice at into a mockery of the human form.
“As Head Priest of London, I ask the Powers to look upon these men. These men love each other, and stand here in your sight to pledge this love forevermore, to stand by each other and provide comfort and guidance through the trials and pleasures of life. I ask you to bless this union, and keep the faith between them strong.”
They joined the others downstairs. Janine’s eyes were red and she was holding Molly tightly, and Sherlock was stunned to see Grezzik give Mycroft a quick kiss. He shot his brother a look, and Mycroft just blinked at him.
“Until you kill me,” Sherlock retorted. The giant stepped off the boat and, once Ireni and Maria were off, put his foot through it. The boat began to sink.
John winced. Running the Revenge away from Florin when he’d heard of Sherlock’s engagement had been the worst decision he’d ever made.
“The past cannot be undone,” Grezzik said quietly. “What has been done has been done. We need to think about the future.”
“It’s alright,” John said. “I just…wow. I thought they were long dead. And I couldn’t remember…it doesn’t matter now. Why am I here?”
"He isn't one, much to my chagrin." Sherlock bent and kissed John. "I'll be back soon, love." He nodded to Kitty, then left the room. John waited until he heard the door swing shut before turning to Kitty. He bent and picked the girl up. There wasn't enough of her for the height she was.
“Not by sailboat,” John agreed. He seemed to understand what his husband was getting at. “But rowboat. Think, Grezzik. Were you tired when you climbed the Cliffs of Insanity?”
If Sherlock had been born in a rich man’s home, he would have become the cleverest man on earth. He had the kind of mind that hungers for knowledge yet is never satisfied. Unfortunately, he was born to two poor farmers who were dismayed to birth a second mouth to feed, and so had to settle for being only the most beautiful man on earth.
“Yeah, but I didn’t even ask if you were interested in my life before you, I just didn’t say anything and let your deductions be enough. That wasn’t fair to you.”
“I don’t know if I’m brave enough.” Sherlock had his face buried in John’s chest now, but John still heard him.
"I pray to God you do," Kitty replied, her voice suddenly alight with passion. "Because you'll be fighting the fucking Devil."
“Sherlock, everything’s going to be alright.” John spoke as gently as possible, keeping his grip steady around Sherlock’s pale hands. “If there’s a hound, we can kill it. I’m a pretty decent shot—”
The small church was crowded with off-duty policemen, several of the scrubbed-up Irregular lads and a few of her friends from boarding school. John was probably (hopefully) at the altar, waiting with his best man, Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock was gasping into the phone when John turned back to it, crying softly. John felt tears run down his own face as he looked down, shuddering. He was about to die. Not from a wound or a charge, but from stepping off a building. Falling. Hitting the ground in front of the man he loved. At least his death might spare the others from a bullet, but since when did Moriarty tell the truth?
Mycroft held out a hand, and Watson shook it. “You’re a brave man, Dr. Watson, and I wish that things might be easier for you and Sherlock. Though it’s rather unorthodox, I am glad that Sherlock has found you. He’s been happy in your friendship, but since your revelation he has been the happiest I have ever seen him. I will do what I can to ease your way.”
“Yeah, Sher and I got married when it became legal in Britain,” John said. “We could’ve done it sooner and had a civil partnership, but we both wanted to wait. Sherlock beat me to the proposal, but he had inside information.”
"The main thing is," and now David's face became more serious, "that you don't need it anymore. You're not tied to your bodies anymore, and your souls have been refreshed, so to speak. There won't be any more minds racing off the tracks."
Sherlock's smile widened. "Come along, Stan," he said, pulling the boy down the hall. "Now, the first thing to remember is to notice everything. Not everything matters, but..."
“More to the point,” Lord Moran said loudly over the bickering, “how do we say we found out about the baby?” He turned to Riley. “Is the news public in London?”
“Look at you, getting smarter.” Ireni let Waverly grab one of her fingers. “Yes. By the time I found you both again, you were in London. And you were…well, you were happy. I didn’t want to spoil that.”
“We’ll have to be careful,” Sherlock said. “And we must swear now that we will not…we will not give in, no matter what.”
Just as Grezzik settled the King in his arms, there was an explosion of light, coming from beyond the wall. Molly heard shouts from the closest house, and Sukiv and Chessa ran out of the carriage, followed by Miracle Max and Martha.
“Then Florin needs a Princess.” Her father took her hand. “Sally, I know I haven’t given you the training, but you are my only living child. And I think you would make a wonderful queen someday. Will you become my Heir?”
There will be another chapter of this before the New Year, and I hope to post a few little oneshots as well.
“Like I said, the little girl will likely die if you’re all fighting, and that ruins my favour.” Ireni glanced over her shoulder. “We’re here now, anyways. I didn’t have enough time to come up with a brilliant plan.”
Molly had her hand around her sword handle in a second, but the girl picked herself up. “Good to see you, husband.”
Despite his joke to John, Mike loves to teach, and he’ll often borrow John’s case stories to illustrate different aspects of medicine. He had Sherlock in as a guest speaker once. Once.
John rolled his eyes fondly. Only a Holmes. “That sounds like a brilliant idea. We should invite Greg as well.”
It took a little over two months to get everything sorted. Mrs. Hudson was terribly sad to see them go, but it did allow her to move nearer to her sister’s home in Bath. She hugged them both goodbye, and Watson felt no shame in his tears as he bid her farewell. He couldn’t quite see whether Holmes was doing the same, but he had his suspicions.
For the first time since they’d met, Sherlock was completely quiet as John led him past Lestrade and out of the small park. He didn’t say a word as John signalled a cab, just nodded when John inclined his head (he wasn’t going to make that mistake again, thank you). John dropped a piece of paper into the front seat with the address. The cabbie gave him a look, but John just smiled. “It’s a surprise.”
Kitty didn't come downstairs until nearly noon, which proved Sherlock right about her lack of sleep. John was just starting to wonder whether he should go check on her when he heard a faint thumping from the stairs. He went out to see Kitty sliding down the stairs sitting down one step at a time, taking care not to jar her ankle.
“The King was truly ill,” Moran said quickly. “But yes, Jamiarty has had Riley poisoning him for the last few years. It was enough to fool the Miracle Man.”
"Come off it." Donovan was smiling now, and there was a pity in her face that John decidedly didn't like. "How long have you two been together now, hm? Three months?"
When the man in black came around the corner, he had just enough time to see the rock before it crashed…into a tree, two feet from his head.
The prince did, shoving the pale man to the ground. He tossed the knife on the table and drew his sword. “To the death.”
“Yes, they are very small,” Grezzik agreed. “But they each have a purpose, and they work together to do amazing things.” He sighed.
Molly blinked awake. It was the middle of the night, and she was lying in Janine’s bed, their bodies pressed close together.
"Not if I can't get people to get my name right," Stan said bitterly. John could see it now—the outline of a binder under a too-tight uniform, hair hacked off, a face that would never grow a beard without hormones.
“We’ve been planning for months,” Mrs. Hudson replied. She had her best dress on, and she looked ten years younger with her face wreathed in smiles. “I’m so pleased for you both, truly.”
"I could go instead," Molly said. She blushed as Sherlock stared at her. "What? I like Naruto. It's a decent show. Mike introduced me to it."
Apologies for the lateness of the chapter, I was away and didn't have time to finish editing last night. Hopefully this modern multi-parter makes up for it!
Holmes had no such inhibitions. "Come along, John!" he cried. "Let's go see where we are. I must admit, it is a strange sort of Hell."
He didn’t appear to be dead. He was sitting now, going swiftly up the Cliffs with Waverly, who was smiling hugely.
John smiled at him. “Later, love,” he promised. “I believe we owe our friends a chance to have some cake.”
Moriarty coughed loudly, and John snapped out of it. He didn’t have much time here. He had to make it count for Sherlock.
“Oh, I know when I’m beaten,” Ireni said amiably. “Fair play to him; love is supposed to be powerful. I’d destroy anyone that got in my way too. So what’s Jamiarty doing now?”
, and Sherlock had a horror of crumbs in the sheets despite John’s repeated assurances that he’d wash the sheets himself the one time he’d brought his partner breakfast. Yet here he was at ten, John’s alarm cleverly silenced hours before, with toast and tea and bacon and eggs. And
Sherlock knew exactly what his husband meant. There were more chairs, for one thing, and a strange slipper on the mantel next to the skull. It was still their sitting room, still their flat, but it almost felt like there were other people who belonged here too.
The twins, on the other hand, were ecstatic. "Do you know any good dragon games?" Lily asked her. "I like dragons."
“We can’t ask Jamiarty for help!” John snapped. “We have no ground, and if we let him know that we know his plan, he’ll go to war anyways. His advantage is gone.”
And, to his delight, she was also a detective, though she wasn't doing so much running about now since he was born.
When Molly Morstan was ten, Jacob asked her if she wouldn’t mind having another new name. “If your Mummy agrees, I want to share my name with both of you,” he said. Molly agreed, as long as she could call him Dad. They shook hands, and once they’d talked to Mummy and bought her a pretty white dress with sparkles she and Molly became Hoopers.
“When Jamiarty was ten, a girl of seven died. She was his half-sister. Riley was given Veritas, and she claimed that he murdered her.”
“You’re right, Anderson. You are quite often, you know.” Sherlock looked at him thoughtfully. “All we can do now is try and delay things, until Sally and the others have a chance to get back.”
Once he was dressed too they made their way out to the kitchen. Sherlock heard footsteps on the stairs, wasn’t surprised to see Mrs. Hudson coming up the stairs. She had a large tray of food, too—his and John’s favourites. That was a little more surprising.
The man in black seemed to notice, and yanked him forward, making Sherlock stumble. The man pushed him onto a rock. “Catch your breath.”
Kitty took their hands as Stan came into the room, his eyes red. “Don’t you worry about anything. It…it must give you some comfort, to know when it’s coming?”
She sat with Molly and Mycroft in the throne room. Lord Moran seemed less nervous this time, but there was still stress in his face. If Stam were here, he might be able to understand his cousin better, but Stam refused to stand in his cousin’s presence. Whether it was to hide his grief or avoid temptation to return with him, Janine wasn’t quite sure. Stam had been quiet these last few months about his cousin, but he didn’t seem to have any other family.
It took a few moments to coax her out of her swoon, but when she was more alert Molly seemed calm. “That’s a shock,” she managed. “How?”
For a moment Stam felt sick. His cousin—the only person who’d ever been kind to him despite his albinism—stood in a cell, full of secrets. Full of Jamiarty’s secrets.
The law of gravity states that objects follow the same rate of falling, but Sir Isaac Newton had never met Grezzik. Grezzik started flutter-kicking through the air, keeping a smile on his face in case Waverly saw him.
“Magic or poison?” Ireni said bluntly. She pulled up the King’s sleeve and gasped. The flesh looked normal to Sally, normal for an older man.
Greg has always tried to go with the flow (which is why he can handle Sherlock so well). So when Mycroft asked him if their regular coffee could perhaps be held at a more romantic location, he didn’t panic or even ask if he was sure. He could learn to love Mycroft. What he learned instead was that he already did.
“But were you ever close to anyone?” Sherlock mused. “I don’t think you were, though I can’t imagine why.”
“You made vows, Philip! Your lives are intertwined, in the eyes of the Powers and of each other! You have to talk to her about all of this, and you cannot make decisions on your own. How would Waverly feel, knowing her father disrespects her mother this way?!”
“Just two more, I think,” Mycroft replied, eyes twinkling in the fading light. Footsteps—Holmes groaned as he recognized the treads—announced the arrival of the final two wedding guests, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.
, what a marvellous word) chat with their family and friends. He ate slowly and methodically, watching his hands as he used his knife and fork. More specifically, he watched his left hand.
“Good. I want you to go and renew the treaty. Make up whatever you like, just get in the door. In fact, you should agree to whatever they say. While you’re talking, get Riley into the castle. She can search for the baby, and lead you to it.”
“Not like you don't, Detective.” John tucked his head against Sherlock, listening to the steady beat of his heart. It wouldn't be much longer until he would have to pretend that this precious, wonderful heart had ceased to beat. He shuddered. Mycroft meant well with his acting classes, but he didn't understand that the horror John felt at the mere idea of Sherlock being dead would be enough to convince the casual observer of his pain.
“It was fun!” Billy said enthusiastically. He pushed down the slight worry he’d felt, pulling out of the station, watching Rachel try to run and catch up. A whole week without Mum and Dad…but he had his grandfathers. This would be fun!
Mary let herself relax. “Will your wife do me the honour of arranging my flowers? I still do not possess her knack, and I want everything to be beautiful.”
“You are a war starter! You don’t have to be fair!” Ireni yanked the Princess up the hill, and Grezzik picked up a rock.
“Thought you were dead,” Maria replied. “Thought you and Ireni might be dead. And we failed. And I had nowhere else to go, and nothing to do.”
“Right. Well, you’ve heard the first part of it already. My saying ‘please’ did happen, and it intrigued Roberts, as did my description of your beauty. Finally he said ‘alright Watson, never had a valet, why don’t we try that for one night? If it doesn’t work, I’ll kill you in the morning.’ Luckily for me, his first mate had a tooth ache, and I managed to help pull the tooth. So he let me live, and I kept treating people. Terrible health care on a pirate ship.”
It is important to realize that Grezzik was never really little. He was fifteen pounds at birth, and by the time he was five he was ready to shave and was nearly six feet tall. His giant body managed to hide his soft heart, but it didn’t protect him from the bullying of the other children, and the frightened looks of the adults.
The most direct route once you’d summitted the Cliff was indeed through a sort of no-man’s-land to Gondor. But there was another route, one she knew well, because that was going to be their escape after the Princess—after Sherlock—had been killed.
When the door closed behind the bell hop John glanced up at Sherlock, suddenly and unaccountably nervous. "Do you want to...well, shall we have a drink?"
John looked flummoxed, but he let Sherlock take him by the hand, and they left the dungeon together.
“Of course, Mycroft. I am at your service.” A job, at the palace! Finally, he had a place in London. “I will be terrible to people sometimes, so that you can get some rest.”
John shuffled. “I mean, the music for the party—if we have one at all, if Mycroft has his way it’ll just be the ceremony—”
John didn't reply. He was having trouble holding Sherlock's gaze, and it wasn't due to the height difference that sometimes caused a crick in his neck, in both their necks.
Sherlock took just enough time to throw on a pale blue robe before he sprinted down the castle hall.
“And you’ll be put up for murder. I see it in your eyes, girl. It won’t help her—he’s got seven brothers, all worse than him. She knows she’s lucky right now.”
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John's waist. "Oh my dear John, of course I do. Isn't this one of the fun parts of being a parent?"
“Waverly,” Sally crooned. Her eyes were drifting shut again, and Molly could tell this time it was because she was going to sleep. “Our Waverly.”
“I never knew how varied the climate was in Florin,” Molly panted. Her hair was damp with sweat. “It almost feels like Spain.”
Back in London, the Diplomacy group (so named by Stam, who wanted some levity), were finding out the same thing from Lord Moran.
“Sally is on her way,” John said, hoping it was true, hoping it was fine. “I know the monster Jamiarty is. And I know that you have lost your daughter to this man, and you know too. We’re going to protect you no matter what, but will you help us help Sally take the throne?”
“John, I love you. I vow to stand by your side forever, no matter what challenges we face. I vow to cheer you in sad times, to comfort you in hard times and to rejoice with you in the good. I give you my heart, such as it is.” He slid the ring onto John’s waiting, trembling finger.
John looked around to see Holmes, tinkering busily with Sherlock’s instruments. Watson was out for a visit with their Kitty, and Sherlock had gone with him.
John stepped forward uncertainly, eyes momentarily drawn to the faded scratches of ‘Rache’ on the floor. When he turned Sherlock was staring at him from across the room.
John dragged him down and kissed him. It was strange, all those people who said that John was the one who had the way with words. On a computer screen, maybe. But somehow Sherlock had known exactly what John needed to hear and had said it despite their audience, despite his 'reputation', despite every single factor raised against men who want to be sentimental.
Grezzik went to the ornate chest in front of an altar to the Powers, and pulled out an enormous bundle of robes. For the first time Sally felt doubt. Could she wear all of those? Could they even put them all on in time? And the other burdens—her dead mother, her murdered half-sister. She shouldn’t even be here to do this.
"Goodnight Kitty." John left the light on but closed the door, frowning deeply as he went downstairs.
But she made it around the throne, ignoring Jamiarty’s shouts, one foot in front of the other. Her shoulders were bowed with the weight, but her head was held high.
Whatever he'd been expecting to come out of his husband's mouth, it certainly hadn't been that. "I...what on Earth do you mean, Sherlock?"
Rachel didn't speak, but she set the table without asking and carried the trays in with an unusual level of care.
It should have only been an hour ride, but the effort to avoid leaving a trail took an extra hour, and allowing Molly and John occasional breaks took another. But they were still well within their deadline when they got to Stam’s boat.
“I thought it might be interesting to meet your Sherlock’s Mycroft,” Holmes said. “I imagine there are some similarities, though from the way you describe him there are some marked differences. I am, of course, willing to supply my own.”
Something happened today that is not entirely to do with us, but is another story that must be guarded. And yet…I will still write it, in case someday there comes a reader who wishes to know the full truth.
Once they were all inside—they’d borrowed a few chairs from the Rileys’ for this occasion—Holmes offered around sherry. Billy looked up hopefully.
“Yes, and the most intelligent of the professionals, with the exception of your father,” Holmes answered readily. “We should try for a visit, John, when we can.”
The other man—Sherlock—rushed over. “John’s not here,” he said—rather strange, why did that matter? “He’s visiting Harry.”
“Well…” Sherlock was struggling. “I’m all for saying it’s our anniversary so long as we’re awake, but most restaurants are closed by now…”
Holmes swallowed the sudden lump in his throat. "He was a good man," he whispered. "We hadn't written in some years, but I always thought that he would still be there, somehow."
It surrounded her like a dozen woodpeckers in the spring, barely piercing the mist that sheathed her ears. Everything felt numb and far away. Perhaps she was dying—she’d heard you could do that. Die from a broken heart.
Greg dragged Mycroft into the kitchen and kicked John out. “Go and handle the drinks, I can finish the cottage pie!” Mycroft was helping by moving parts of Sherlock’s experiments out of the way of Greg’s enthusiastic chopping.
The large room was crowded with people. Molly spotted Grezzik and Ireni, and moved to stand with them. Janine tapped her arm.
John shrugged. “He wants to get married, I didn’t ask why.” He looked to the side, a faint blush in his cheeks. “I wasn’t the one asking the questions, anyways.”
“That should help,” Sherlock’s voice came from a distance. “It’s not completely fixed, but there shouldn’t be any infection.”
Then there was silence for a few minutes, and Grezzik’s heart leapt. They were gaining on Waverly and Riley, he could feel it. They were closer, and when he risked a quick look back over his shoulder, the Cliffs were close indeed. He could make out the bones on the shore, just white blotches at this distance.
“All you need to know right now is that help is coming, and Jamiarty won’t be Prince for much longer.”
John leaned his head against Sherlock's shoulder. "You know you don't have to keep coming up with new places to...rendezvous, right? I'm perfectly happy with what we already do."
The next morning Molly was one of the witnesses for the Sherriff. They all told the same story: the barmaid, Waverly, had screamed at her husband and his seven brothers, calling them out for their foul deeds against woman and man alike. She then placed a curse on each and every one, so that if they tried to hurt anyone, they would feel the injury upon themselves. The husband had tried to grab his wife and throw her to the ground, but Waverly remained in place, and the man fell, dashing his own brains against the ground. The brothers fled, howling, into the night.
The next morning there were cold meats and warm eggs and coffee (Watson could cook a little bit), and a promise to dine with Mycroft at his home later that evening was revealed, an invitation that hadn't been extended since an incident with the turkey that Holmes had to swear would not be repeated. Gifts were opened: Holmes' large package was a brand new set of commonplace books of various sizes, perfect for any type of note taking, while Watson was charmed by his new inks, all in various colours.
“Maybe because you’re my lover, and my flatmate, and my friend, and you deserve to know why I don’t want to talk about my family?” John retorted.
John has terrible memories of being alone in a hospital, and refuses to let Sherlock be in them by himself. Sherlock thinks visiting hours are dull. They generally end up sleeping on a cot because the nurses give up.
John remembered the last time he’d slept up there, the night he still didn’t understand, when he’d spoken with a man trapped in a time without freedom for love. The next night he’d only gone into the room long enough to grab pyjamas.
“We’re only ten minutes early,” John said, losing the battle with his laughter. “We should have knocked, though—sorry.”
She let Mrs. Forrester fuss with her bouquet, took Mr. Forrester’s arm, and walked down the aisle towards John, whose eyes were shining with tears of joy.
Sherlock leaned his head against John’s chest. “But we didn’t have a chance to fuck their start up.”
“Your daughter,” Martha replied. “Well, born one, anyways.” And she helped Sally sit up just enough to lay the baby on her chest. “She’s healthy, and you’ll recover, my dear.”
Mycroft slammed his hand on the table, and Grezzik jumped. “Of course it’s wrong! What about saving yourself, Grezzik?”
Max tapped the centre of her palm. “One day before the King became as ill as he is, he brought me a rock. He was very proud of it—he said it was his child’s handprints, made in the rock before it turned solid
“I’d better leave too,” Kitty said, quickly brushing a kiss to my cheek. “I need to return in time for supper, or Mrs. Turner will have my head.”
Sherlock remembered that night very well. He wanted to impress John, to show him that he was important enough that the police wouldn’t question him bringing anyone into a crime scene.
“Really? Show us. I’m not comfortable leaving you here anyways.” Maria glared at Stam. “I do not trust you.”
“Pray explain,” Holmes said coldly. He’d only been trying to help, after all, and he didn’t appreciate being mocked.
Watson wasn’t sure how long they’d been walking when he noticed a slight blurring in the air. The next lamp confirmed it; fog was descending. Dressed as they were, it wouldn’t take long for the night to become unbearably damp. It was a shame; they’d never be able to walk like this during the day.
“What, there are people who wish to be asleep at this hour?” Watson queried, reaching for his trousers. “Imagine that.”
The master held no violin; could not, in his listener's arms. And the song was not meant for any but the finest of instruments; any less would surely be an insult.
“Yes. I think so.”  John is baffled by what he has seen so far. He looks at Sherlock and waits for an explanation.  “That is not a site I ever expected to see.”
He closes the laptop and is about to go downstairs to make some tea when he hears John stirring in the bed behind him.
Sherlock and Mycroft are in the lounge, a map of London tacked to the wall.  The desk has been cleared of its standard clutter and in now covered in what John can only assume are the contents of Katherine’s pockets.  The clothes that she had been wearing are draped carefully over the chairs, and the brothers are currently examining her coat.  He knows they are trying to track the route that she took to find them.
“She’s stable for now, but I’m not sure if she’ll stay that way. She’s lost a lot of blood over the course of the last few days.  First, there was an accident.  She has bruising from the seat belt, three broken ribs, and several cuts along the right side of her torso and on the inside of her right arm.”
Katherine turns to look at John, smiling.  “I’ve actually got a bit of a chill. I’d forgotten how cold London can be sometimes. I’ll hold on to it for now, thank you.“
“When do you think we’ll be able to speak with her? The best we can do now is guess. We need more data.” Sherlock sinks down in his desk chair, and starts typing away on the laptop, searching for more information to aid him in his deductions.
"It's quite useless to argue with Katherine. She can find the holes in any argument you provide and having you seeing her way with a few well-chosen words."  He gestures to the stairs again.  The nurse finally takes the hint and heads up the stairs to wake Dr. Watson.
John mumbles something along the lines of “it was no problem” and dozes off in his chair. Mycroft continues down the hall to check in on the patient.
“I was upset. I was leaving behind my family, two of the only friends that I had ever had, a school that I loved.  I was afraid. I was sad. It got to me. I was a teenage girl. The hormones were bound to rear their head at some point. Be glad you weren’t there for the rest of my teens, or during the early months of this pregnancy. I’ve been unbearable.”
Mycroft sits back in  his chair. “Katherine’s always had a great mind for detail, John. It will all come back to her soon, I’m sure.”
“Ricardo was an art historian, with a background in architecture. He was in Barcelona working on a book about Gaudi and his inspirations. He was concentrating on the story of the man than of his work, and he often spent his days wandering the city, searching for new bits of information or trying to imagine how it was back then. We were very happy together, especially when we found out I was pregnant. It wasn’t planned, but it was an especially delightful surprise.”  She stops. The expression that crosses her face is a mixture of sadness and confusion. She takes a deep breath before continuing.
John met Sherlock’s gaze as he came back in the room, carrying the tea.  “Right. We’ll just have a cuppa, and then I’ll have to insist that you go back to bed, Katherine. You need your rest.”
“I like what we do, and I like writing about it. It would be damn near perfect if I could get paid a proper wage for it, so, yeah. I’d like to give it a go. See what they have to offer. You probably know a lawyer that can look over the contracts for us, right? Probably one that owes you a favor?”
“No. That’s not it. Not entirely. You looked hurt. Betrayed.  You stood at the gate and looked back at our house, with your fingers on your lips, one arm wrapped around your waist, as if you were trying to hold yourself together.  Mummy saw you, too. She said you looked like your heart had been broken. She is much better at understanding that sort of thing than I am, so I trusted her assessment. I was afraid that I had been the cause. I am glad that I was not. But who was? What happened?”
“No. Not yet. I told them I had to talk it over with you first, since it’s about you and I’m hoping you’ll help with the project. It should give you something to do during your downtime. They said they’d send over a preliminary contract for us to take a look at.”
“It’s hard to say.  Eight months is early, but not so early that there are any major concerns. It will depend on whether or not the child was injured during the accident or the delivery. The are no obvious signs that it was, but I have no way of knowing. I’d say that odds are good that it’s still alive. But where is it?”  John tries hard to keep the desperation from his voice, but he can’t escape the memory of the case they had just finished. His stomach turns at the thought of another dead child, this one gone before it had even had a chance to live.
Sherlock could hear the shower going down the hall. He fetched his laptop and logged in to John’s blog. There’d been a new message from Anonymous every few days for the last two weeks, since John had been ill. They were all similar in tone, but not overtly threatening. Insulting, but not threatening. Sherlock was still bothered by them, but he hadn’t yet figured out why. For now, he was making sure to copy each one. He had a file going. And he’d asked Mycroft to monitor the traffic to the blog. Just in case.
Sherlock pauses his search for a moment, and looks at John with both gratitude and concern on his face. “You should rest. You’ve more than done your part. Let us work now. I’ll be sure to wake you if you’re needed.”
They arrive at Mycroft’s office to find Anthea waiting for them with a rough timeline of the last month, including surveillance images of Katherine’s imprecise route to England.  She had entered the country via Eurostar, as John had suggested, and she had done so under the Catalan version of her name.
John had just finished the reading the newspaper. He leans forward in his armchair, elbows on his knees, hands clasped in front of him, not sure what he should do to fill up the hours. He needs a distraction. He makes up his mind to go to the shops and find something to make for dinner when the doorbell sounds. Sherlock doesn’t pause at his work.
“One or two.” Sherlock assumes the conversation is over, stares down at his phone, his fingers moving swiftly over the keys and his attention elsewhere. John realizes that there will not be any further conversation on the subject at the moment, so he gets up and heads off to take a shower.
“John, we didn’t just terrorize his brother. We also exasperated our teachers and drove our mothers to distraction.  Mycroft was the only real challenge.  At least half the time he figured out our plots before we had a chance to put them in action.”
“You, no doubt, argued in favor of tradition,” Sherlock replies, as he finishes off a series of text activating his homeless network, looking for a lead on the woman who looked after Katherine on the train.
“Who exactly did she marry, brother? Did she know nothing about him?”  Sherlock, as ever, finds himself confused by matters of the heart.
“We are not yet sure what has become of the child. Sherlock and I have been working to retrace the path that led you to Baker Street. We know you arrived in a taxi. Before that you were on a train.”
“I encouraged him to contact his family, to tell them the good news. I have no one left, and the idea that our child would have family and not know them bothered me. I had even been contemplating getting in touch with the two of you, asking you to represent his or her English heritage.” Mycroft smiles at this, and John chuckles to himself, imagining the two men he had come to know so well as uncles.
It’s not a particularly violent assault, but Sherlock doesn’t take it well when someone calls John’s honesty, integrity, or bravery into question. He likes it no better than John does when someone dare suggests that Sherlock is a fraud. The pair are a bit protective of each other in that way. In most ways, really. He dashed off what he intended to be a biting response, but when he read back over it before hitting post, he realized that he sounded more hurt than angry. His threats had come off sounding more childish than menacing. He sounded sentimental, much more so than he had realized.
Prince Jamiarty looked well enough, but Sherlock didn’t really care as they walked through the small chapel. An old bishop stood at the altar, and after they’d both knelt and he blessed them, he began to speak.
Maria put her hand on her heart. “I swear on the soul of my father Domingo Montoya, you will reach the top alive.”
Watson had crossed to the shelves and was looking through the books. To his shock, he found his book of stories from his childhood, the ones his mother had read to him before she died of fever. He opened it and traced the letters, trying to take it all in.
And for now, this story comes to a close. If I ever get any prompts or inspiration strikes, I may add something new, but for now, goodbye to the world of Dreams and Visions. It will always be there to welcome back its readers :)
Sally’s head snapped up. Jamiarty was in the room now (where did he come from, had he been waiting?) He stood with a sword, and there was a madness in his face Sally had never seen.
“Now, a clever man would put the poison in his opponent’s glass, because only a great fool would drink what was in front of him. I’m not a great fool, so clearly I cannot drink the wine in front of me. But you’re well aware I’m not a great fool, so clearly I cannot drink the wine in front of you.”
It's the wedding day, and the Brute Squad has a job to do. One member in particular, however, meets up with an old friend...
John reached over and took Sherlock’s pulse. “Your heart is racing like mad, and your pupils are dilated. And you’re sweating.”
Quick summary for those who haven’t read this story [Adventure of the Three Garridebs]: a case of a very convoluted imposter leads Holmes and Watson to the basement of an old house, where the imposter, ‘Killer Evans’ is trying to hide his counterfeiting press (not much real about this guy). Holmes confronts him, and Evans appears to agree, only to shoot Watson twice in the leg. Watson’s not badly wounded, so he’s lucid enough to think this as Holmes bends over him frantically:
Hope everyone enjoyed, and good luck to those of you who are going back to school. (Or who started a while ago...you have my sympathy).
Martha Sissons was very much in love with her husband, and even though she disapproved of the cartel she would have stood by him. It was only when she caught Frank with another woman, and found out about the rest of them, that she wished she’d listened to her best friend.
“Of course not. Now, to business. The vast majority of the wedding details are simple or have been taken care of already. I believe a month should be sufficient?”
Billy loved his room on sight. It was bright and warm, the same wallpaper as his room at home, and a huge bed. Grandfather John laid the case on the ground by the bed. “Need any help?”
“I know it did, dear, but sometimes I stop and think about how lucky we are that we’re not in some mental institution.”
“I don’t know, Sally. Your mother only said that she hoped he would care for you, but no one ever came.”
"John!" Sherlock's voice broke something in John; deeper than his heart, down into the very core of who he was. He never wanted Sherlock to sound like that, to feel that broken.
“I deny these charges,” Jamiarty answered. He sounded just as bored as he looked. “Any action I took last night, Father, was on false information. I had heard from a reliable source that the Carrier whore was going to stage a coup. It seems as though it was true.”
Moriarty sighed, looking almost gloomy. “I've known for about...oh, I'd say a month, now? Miss Donovan's an excellent spy. Tell her I'm trying to get rid of Sherlock and she's loyal as anything. I probably could have told her I was really Moriarty and not 'Rich Brook'...I doubt she would have cared.”
“Not recently. He was shot at about a year ago. His bodyguards took care of the shooter—terrible shot.”
“Well, it’s going to be her birth name, and she can change it if she likes,” Kitty answered with a glance at Stan, “but we thought maybe the best start for a name is one that reminds you of love. So her name’s Rachel Molly Hopkins.”
Watson swallowed. “Of course.” It was odd, this; he’d been in similar situations before, but never when the stakes were quite so high.
“How did they know to play this one?” Molly asked, her feet remembering the steps as her mind was distracted.
The palace grounds felt very different as an intruder and not a valuable trophy, Sherlock reflected as he darted through the gardens. He used to avoid the guards because he got tired of being followed everywhere. Now he remembered how difficult it was to avoid them, how ruthless they could be. Jamiarty had trained them well.
It was Greg's turn to laugh. "Holmes-sexual," he gasped, wiping his eyes. John was all but growling into the phone. "My God, I want that on a T-shirt. Wait until Mycroft hears that one."
Watson looked at his lover’s brother, who had every reason to denounce them, to disapprove, yet warmly proclaimed his support instead. “Actually, I’m not expected home for a while yet, I imagine. I’d be delighted, Mycroft.”
John turned, still calm, and faced Mycroft. “That would be terrible, Mycroft, and I would hate myself forever. But the best way to avoid that will be to send me with him. I know my limits, better than most men, and I will agree to this plan because I know you love your brother and will make sure he survives this, life and reputation intact.” Mycroft fidgeted. “But I will not stay at home and worry for months, years, because someone else decided what was best for me. That's not who I am.”
Kitty and Hopkins have been seeing a great deal of each other in the last few months; they are officially courting.
Then everything was brought sharply, squeakily into focus with a misjudged slip of the hand, a meeting of eyes, and the violin fell silent with surprise and a dawning horror.
King Lotharon took the first robe off the pile. It was blue silk, shimmering in the candlelight. “As ruler you must be like the water. You must give your subjects life and sustenance, and give them the chance to explore the world. Do you accept?”
Apparently not, for the phone rang just as he was nearly finished with the last bit of paperwork before lunch. Greg groaned and answered it without looking at the caller ID.
"Alright, alright." Kitty thundered down the stairs, glitter still smeared on her cheek from the arts and crafts she'd done with Lily and Jacob. Without pausing, she dashed into the kitchen, grabbed the cold beers and biscuits, turned sharply and somehow landed between John and Sherlock without upsetting plates or dropping the cans. "You do realize that we're watching a DVD, right? The show can start at any time?"
The final room was just off the kitchen—a bedroom with a large clothes cabinet and a door leading out to the veranda. The walls had a print of delicate bursts of colour against a gray background.
“Mycroft,” Watson said. His tongue felt too large for his mouth. “He took us to international waters.” He pulled on the chain around his neck. “Here.”
Stan bit his lip. “Well, you’ll be changing your name anyways if you agree. And Kitty Winter is just as pretty a name as Kitty Watson, though I like Kitty Hopkins better.”
"Make them get it right," he said, surprising himself. "Show them that who you are matters, that you can be better than all of them while you're still solving your own case. You'll be fine, lad."
Hope everyone enjoyed this holiday time! I swear there's a reference to one of them giving the other cuff links in canon, but I can't REMEMBER WHICH STORY. Whatevs. It's headcanon now.
Lestrade looked surprised. “I suppose that in itself is a long story, but it can wait. I’m told that the modern version of myself is coming?”
When it finally grew too dark to see, they began walking back to Baker Street. As they were nearly alone on the street, Holmes decided it was safe to confide his deductions to Watson. “Your face is very expressive, my dear Watson,” he finished. “Perhaps it would be safer to…control it, somehow?”
Holmes smiled, laying down his bag. "Happy Christmas, my dear John," he whispered, kneeling next to the sofa. "I'm home."
Those of you who've read my story By Any Name know that the idea John suggests is a favourite idea of mine (because seriously, lover, friend or colleague, BBC Sherlock would never have left John behind if he could avoid it)...*takes deep breath* but that may or may not be what's happening here.
John undressed and coaxed Sherlock into the shower with him. There was nothing to do with sex—hell, it was nothing to do with intimacy in some ways. It was about making sure that Sherlock felt safe, and having John that close was the best way to do that.
John whirled. Moriarty stood there, John’s gun in his hand and a lazy, satisfied smirk on his smug face.
It took a long, intense year, but Domingo fulfilled his vow. He slaved all day and most of each night, long after Maria went to bed.
Sherlock sat at the desk and opened the box of knives he’d ordered for Jamiarty. A wedding present, for a husband who loved to hunt. There was a dagger that would kill anything in ten seconds…a nearly painless death.
She stopped and raised her eyebrows at John’s cough. John cursed himself. How had he fallen for that?
“No. A few are suspicious of a coup, and others…well, even someone like Jamiarty manages to have supporters. So we’ve decided to move the trial up.”
“And what was yours?” John asked, squaring his shoulders even as his heart sank. He had a strange feeling he knew what was coming; the feeling that had pressed on him for months now, that they'd been missing something obvious.
He and John had been as blissfully happy as an irritating older brother, infuriating Yarders and an overly-indulgent landlady could allow a couple to be. Nearly two months into their new relationship, they had yet to have a ‘couple-fight’ (This was established after John had pointed out that the domestics they had before they were a couple didn’t count as their first fight, no matter what. Sherlock had lost that argument—“which isn’t a fight either, love”—and had been careful ever since.)
“Then I’ll give you the Potion and explain it all, and then you can decide. I can give you a few batches, so you can have as many as you like.”
“As I observed,” Sherlock snapped, hands shaking as he tore at his tunic. “Here, I’ll make you a bandage.”
That day Ireni learned two things. The first was that she had to know more than magic to survive, that to depend on it would make you weak. The second was that her growing suspicion that she wasn’t built to love, that caring about people just didn’t happen to her…that was the greatest blessing she’d ever known.
“And he gets it!” Moriarty put the gun inside his coat and clapped. “Bravo, Johnny! I certainly did think about destroying Sherlock and having him kill himself—that would have been the worst ending for him, once upon a time. My first plan, you know, so I'm not surprised that Sherlock was able to deduce that.”  He took a step closer to John. “But you see it now, don't you? The pool, Miss Adler, even this whole Reichenbach affair—I was doing my best to make him suffer through
Molly had clambered off his back and sat curled in a ball in the front of the boat. She knew to keep out of the way when he was getting himself sorted. He was always clumsy when he first got into a boat.
But Sherlock shook his head. “No presumption of innocence for those accused of high treason,” he murmured back. “And anyone who helps them, joins them. No one will risk doing it, for fear of the Traitor’s Fate.”
“What are you talking about?” John let go of Kitty. “You’ve got more to offer than me in terms of good genes.”
Molly threw it, and helped the man in black to the top of the Cliff. The man drew his sword, but Maria waved it away. “When you’ve caught your breath.”
"Even if he doesn't, he probably wants to make sure that anyone who knew of Sally's mother is dead. We have to save them." Sherlock huffed, his breathing coming under control.
She helped hold Anderson back as Grezzik cut into Sally with an expert touch, laid the blade aside, and pulled out a child, covered in blood and other things that made Anderson turn pale. There was a cord around the baby’s neck, and Grezzik pulled it free, tapping gently on the baby’s back. The baby—a girl, it was a girl—let out a wail.
Neither Kitty nor Stan was in a rush, and Sherlock did go a bit overboard in the planning stage, but the wedding did finally happen. Four years to the day after Stan and Kitty met (the real day, as John observed), they rented out a gorgeous hall in Bristol
Sally looked down at her daughter, still tied to her chest. In the dim moonlight, she could just make out the shape of Waverly’s face.
Eventually, Kitty calmed down. "Maybe you ought to explain it, Mr. Holmes," she croaked. "I dunno if I can, now that it comes to it."
Sherlock swept the glass up while John gave Kitty a cursory examination. There were a few pieces of glass in her hair, but besides a few cuts and her bad ankle—which she allowed him to wrap with great reluctance—she was mostly uninjured from her defenestration. No, John thought, wrong word. What on earth is the opposite of defenestration?
Sherlock opened his eyes and stared up at John. It was deeply unsettling, partly because John was never taller than Sherlock, and partly because the grief in Sherlock's eyes was greater than anything he'd ever seen.
It was John who’d realized that Jamiarty would be in the throne room. They’d run there right after making sure Cerise was safe (not that she needed help, she was running through the halls, her bandaged arms more than capable of holding two pikes). Then it was a simple matter of waiting for Jamiarty to reveal himself. The throne room had at least eighteen different hiding places, and most of them had exits out of the room.
Raz was the Head librarian, one of six who curated and cared for the royal collection of books and artifacts. Sherlock had spent many hours there, and he knew the librarian well.
“In the first place, a knighthood is meaningless to me. The title would not change my station; I still have enemies in high places as much as I do friends, and any monetary compensation is unnecessary. We have plenty of money for ourselves, even enough to indulge, now that—” Holmes broke off. Shortly after he'd given up drugs for good, Watson had come to him with his cheque book, with instructions not to give it to him if there were any sort of race on that day. Since then the doctor was in much better financial condition. It struck Holmes, however, that bringing this up to one's husband was impolite.
He stared up at Sherlock, who was standing stock still in the middle of the path, arm absentmindedly around John’s shoulders.
blowing up all the beakers and having to start again, crowing in triumph and making a notation on a napkin pinned to the mantel. Sherlock had texted that he had gone to fetch Mycroft and Greg (death had not stopped his impatience), but Watson beat him back.
Sherlock looked back at her; the one person he'd ever counted on absolutely, the one that Moriarty had managed to overlook. Molly would follow him no matter what; there was something humbling about that, considering he'd never given her anything in return. He made a mental note to do better in future—perhaps making sure that Mike's investments paid off would be a start. She'd always wanted a nice house with a garden.
“The point is for the two of you to have things that others in love may have!” Mycroft cried exasperatedly. “Perhaps only those of us onboard may know of it, but you will be bound together. I know that you both wish it, why not have it?”
The Florinese Heir Making ceremony was full of pomp and circumstance. It involved the Ruler Regnant bringing the prospective Heir up to the throne and dressing them in royal robes, each layer representing a different part of the responsibilities of the Crown. To make things even more interesting, the robes were all made of different types of material, from fine silk to heavy, thinly pressed metal. If the Heir could stay on their feet and walk around the throne once (to intense music), they were deemed the Heir. Mycroft went to Humperdinck’s Heir Making, and had been so bored he almost fell asleep.
Grezzik kept his eyes closed, because perhaps he’d died too quickly to feel the pain. And now that he was facing it, it was scary, and what if he opened his eyes and there was nothing? Just cold and…dark, and alone?
“That’s not true.” Stam had kept this secret since the escape, and it was hard to admit it now. “I—I thought a hundred times about trying to save you. You haven’t always been a bad man, cousin. Away from Jamiarty’s influence, I thought you could be saved. But every time I thought about it, something stopped me. I knew you…well, I didn’t know you anymore. I didn’t think it would work.” He stepped away from the cell. “My hands aren’t clean either, cousin. But my loyalty to my prince pales before my loyalty to my country.”
“You would risk your lover's safety, Dr. Watson?” Mycroft's voice was cold and hard as steel. “If Moriarty's people see you running around the world, will they not find that suspicious? They might discover that Sherlock is alive, and then what?”
“That’s a pretty story, Doctor, but I’ve no living family, and I don’t need to be asking more strangers for charity.”
Maria drew her sword and held it out. “This,” she said bitterly. “This, and a man with six fingers on his right hand.”
"Not really," John managed as Sherlock trailed kisses down his neck. "What about you? We can go to sleep?"
“Then I name your union complete in the eyes of man and the eyes of the Powers. Please seal your union with a kiss.”
He was the only child of the king, the only heir, and Florin had gotten used to that long ago, when as a boy of seven he’d ordered the death of a duke’s son because he called him a name.
Kitty didn't like lying to her children, but how could she tell Rachel the truth? How could she say that she wasn't at all sure that they were going to be alright?
Sherlock kissed him back, not caring where the horse was going, where they were. They were together, and they were free.
“You couldn’t have known that,” Sherlock said awkwardly. He looked to John for help, but John seemed just as flummoxed.
“I’m not having you get ill when you’re already taxing your body,” he told her. “Relax. The world isn’t going to end because you can’t consult.”
The first thing that shocked Sally about the King was that he was standing. And standing on his own, reaching up for a book, in fact. Queen Bella was the one sitting, but she was on a raised chair. It was almost comical, her feet dangling in the air, but that wasn’t why Sally smiled. Queen Bella had never looked so relaxed in all the time Sally had known her.
Holmes opened his mouth, then let it close as he considered Watson. John. His John. He’d always hated the idea of marriage, but now that he had John…he’d thought more than once if he could place a ring on John’s finger he would, if only to show the world that he loved this man.
The passage ended in a wall surrounded by bookshelves, and Sherlock crouched there for several breaths, listening for movement. He could hear Raz, humming an off-key tune, but there were no other sounds. Sherlock crept through the shelves, walking the way an old woman should.
” John complained as he got out his own phone to text Greg and Mycroft. “That’s all it is, you can’t have known that.”
Then the song came back with wrathful, grief stricken vengeance, a punishment for daring to hope for happiness. The same violin that had played a wedding waltz now moaned and wailed, angry with itself, angry with the world, weeping for a love not understood nor allowed.
“Oh no. You beat me fair and square. I just had some magic up my sleeve.” Ireni looked at Sherlock. “Hello, Princess.”
The plan now was simple. Molly and Gruner were going to the collector's room. Sherlock, through an open window, was going to watch and make sure nothing untoward happen, and climb in to retrieve the book once they were gone. John, meanwhile was going after the girls, making his way quietly through the house to the basement. If all went well, Molly would point out where the book was or Sherlock would see it himself, the girls would be out of the house, and everyone would be safe.
Watson was laughing as he stood, taking Holmes’ hand casually as they crossed the deck. “So you knew all along?”
In that day and age, autopsies were much more thorough, able to tell many certainties where once there were only guesses. When Sherlock and John first met, you could tell time of death within a span of hours.
He got out of bed and went for a walk. It was a windy, overcast day, and the bees were buzzing. Perfect, in other words. Holmes closed his eyes and took a deep breath. They’d been so worried about the visit, unable to write to Kitty and Stan properly about their concerns. Kitty had just told them that it would be alright. Holmes shook his head. What had he done to deserve such a wonderful daughter? Truly, the folly of thinking all women were like his nanny so long ago…well, perhaps the bitter taste of being proven wrong, no matter how happy an occasion, was penance enough.
As Grezzik readjusted Sherlock, this time tied with his arms around the giant’s neck and hanging off the back (the first time he’d felt short in
Mycroft was surprised to receive a telegram from Scotland Yard that day. Sherlock had taken his husband off to the Downs nearly three months since, and although he’d made an agreement to consult with the Yard, he’d never gotten a telegram. Sherlock’s adopted son tended to come by himself, and they would sit in the Stranger’s Room, talking through the problem.
“Sit, Watson. We have two hours before he will disturb our peace. I intend to enjoy my breakfast in quiet.”
“Yes, well. You’ll be receiving some more boxes in a bit. I’ve taken the liberty of having some of John’s things packed up so he’ll have something to wear, if that should be necessary.”
Philip smiled. “I have loved mathematics as a pure science, but deduction, as you describe it, is much more of an art. It is almost poetic.”
You were just thinking that, I know. Don’t deny it— Yes, you were. But if I were a sociopathic serial killer— which, rest assured, I am
Though science was becoming more and more the domain of professionals, this did not exclude many amateurs from the study of spiritualism. Here was an area where scientists feared to go and charlatans made money. The belief that the dead could speak with the living was very popular and it was quite easy to make a show for the gullible.
But the campaign that was waged on him at Priory was something else. The constant demoralisation he went through nearly broke him. When the other rugby players told him to ignore it, he tried. He pretended it didn’t bother him. But it didn’t let up, despite his lack of response, and he never rose above it. For three years he silently suffered. It took a piece of his confidence, taught him that people are horrible and not to be trusted. It showed him that being gay was something to be ashamed of, to hide at all costs.
He goes on cases with Sherlock. If Lestrade is doing the summoning, it’s normally a murder, and John has learned his role at a scene. He’s a doctor, but Anderson is the forensic tech, and even though the man is an arse, he isn’t a complete idiot and can usually get the medical basics right— time of death, signs of violence, and anything else pertaining to the condition of the body. John has seen a lot of violent death, but the violence he’s seen has mostly been caused by artillery. These deaths are poisonings, stranglings, stabbings, drownings, and occasionally shootings. He knows this landscape too, having worked for a time in emergency medicine, but he tries not to overstep.
She stepped towards me. “Your client may rest in peace. I am loved by a far better man than he, and shall keep it only to safeguard myself.”
John pulls his phone out and begins to text, looking at his daughter. “I’m texting your mom. Do you have anything to say to Sherlock before I take you home?”
“You were flirting with her, my dear.” My fingers undid his flies; I slid a hand into his trousers, gripping his cock.
It became a game they played. Each time one of them would drop a bit of information for the Yarders and the other would play his role.
“I have a few names, boys who were close to Adam, and Henry as well. We’ll pull them out of class and talk. I’m hoping they will— well, something like this changes everything. It makes our job both easier and harder. We’ll need to find out which boys are the leaders. More than that, which teachers have been encouraging it.”
He hesitates. John is no idiot. He sees things that Sherlock ignores, sheds light in the dark corners where Sherlock would rather not look. But if you love someone, you trust them. You admit your weaknesses and failures. “Okay.”
on John, things became even more embarrassing, and friendship was outside of the range of possibilities. John was friendly, but he was also
There’s no one to fight now. Maybe this is what life is meant to be, losing pieces of who you think you are so you can see what’s underneath. His dad would have said that it’s one fucking kick in the arse after another.
“We must agree how the couple’s motivations will be proved. I say that marriage assumes love. You must prove that money is the motivation.”
“Any— any way you want.” I was trying to work out the logistics of copulation, fully-clothed, in an alley, when he dropped to his knees and opened my trousers.
Afterwards, Harry would tell John tales of How it Used to Be, before Mum ran off and Dad lost his job. He couldn’t remember those days well, and it always made him feel a bit like he’d been cheated out of something he ought to have had.
that night after John shot the cabbie, so they have at least one living parent. It’s odd, really, that Sherlock hasn’t talked about them, not even a passing remark. In fact, there is very little that he actually does know about Sherlock. He doesn’t know his birthday, but assumes he’s in his early thirties, perhaps a couple years younger than John. He must have gone to school, but never talks about that, either. No school friends checking in, no birthday cards, no alumni newsletters. Nothing from his past.
“Seeing as how that theory might involve you as well, I’ll not say what I think. I’d like to search these premises and then take you down to the Yard for some questions.”
He looks, finally sees. On the inside of his arms there are thin, silvery hatch marks. Both arms, but mostly the left one. “You cut yourself. Were you… when I knew you?”
John turns and runs out the door, almost slamming it in his haste. Sherlock hears his feet hurrying down the stairs, the front door open and slam.
“I think so,” said Lestrade. “I hope he would. He was a trouper, and would do anything for the show.”
Wilkes’s nose twitches. He rubs it and says, “Dr Huxtable has asked me to speak with you. You’ll require my approval to talk to anyone.”
“A Queen?” Holmes frowned at the mattress they were investigating. “Watson, you’re a very small man, and are likely to get lost in this mattress. I would have to come looking for you every morning— and find you lost in the bedding.”
He shakes his head, exasperated. It’s a stupid argument. He doesn’t want to talk about it. “I’m not trying to do anything.”
. People like Watson can only find the perfect words once they’ve left the room and find themselves at the bottom of the stairs.
He turned so that he could see John’s face. Still unable to tell a lie without giving himself away, he could tell. Struggling with something, he seemed to be reaching a decision about Sherlock, perhaps whether he could trust him or not.
He picks up a copy of the book and reads the flyleaf. It sounds like a twisted version of his own life. In the story, a military husband returns home a changed man, unable to love the family he’d left. Is that really how she saw him? He’d tried to love her, or at least keep his vow to her, but it was she who had broken their vows.
Michael pauses, the needle still in his hand. He doesn’t seem to have noticed that the drug is wearing off. “I’m not gay. I have a girlfriend.”
I turned back to the mirror, taking my comb in hand and making another attempt to tame my unruly curls. “There is nothing to dislike in your appearance or manners, John.”
And even if your mates aren’t married, they’ll have girlfriends with stupid bookclubs and you’ll still be stood up. A boyfriend will choose you every time.”
Tonight, I would call to mind all the years we’d been together, remind myself how lucky we were that we had one another.
“I know you feel he deserves it.” Holmes lowers himself to the floor, sitting a few feet from Charles and the other boy. “But if you kill him, Adam will still be gone, and there won’t be anything you can do about people like him. You’ll be a murderer, just like the ones who killed Adam.”
The walls are blank, the furniture institutional, like what you would find in the waiting room of a hospital. Not even as nice as Ella’s office. The bed is made with military precision, according to his habit. A chair and a small table, a cupboard, a mini-fridge, and a single burner make up his furnishings. It’s what they call a bed-sit. A bed and a place to sit. A single space for sleeping, eating, sitting. His entire life now fits into this space.
“That would appear to be a requirement of the profession,” I replied. “Focus, now. You are to accompany me attired in soft-soled shoes, dark clothing, and—“
Then it’s as if a switch is flipped. Watson’s head snaps up and he reacts automatically, raising his knee and kicking the man’s groin. He rakes his foot against the man’s legs, toppling him to the ground, and kicks him again.
“Last night we were sitting in a expensive restaurant attempting awkward conversation. I didn’t think I’d ever see you again.”
He laughed. “Was your adventure with Miss Ashton-Farbridge not enough romance for you? If you want seducing done well, you might have asked me.”
I hope he would save his brother, but once more my anger flares. I was excluded from the plan, and I’m sure Mycroft is the one who ensured that. He doesn’t trust me. How can I trust him?
“Everyone.” Carmichael points at Huxtable. “Even he knew. Was he worried? Not until parents started complaining. We all accepted it because it was the same for us. We rose above, learned to be men. Nobody told us it should be any different.”
“So…” He’s still trying to incorporate this information into his world view. All this time he’s been imagining Holmes with a beautiful woman on his arm, sauntering down the street with hordes of admiring females in his wake. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
The forensic tech lectures Sherlock about basic procedures. He wonders whether it’s professional jealousy, or something about Sherlock that has caused the hostility.
I encountered several ostlers in a lane which ran beside the house. Seeing me stumbling, they ran to help me. In a very few minutes they’d brought me to the house, where the bruise on my face gained me entrance.
He thought about doing cop shows for the rest of his life. Better than aliens, but still. “I’ve enjoyed our collaboration.”
, but she just laughs. People would talk, she says. The name Sherlock Holmes is still remembered in London.
I moved my jaw, tested my neck by turning my head back and forth. “No worries. A very precise hit, indeed.” Gingerly, I felt my face. “I’m sure you left an authentic mark. No one will doubt that I’ve been assaulted.”
His vaguely honest confession hadn’t relaxed her stance in the least. If anything, she seemed more skeptical, and not a bit sympathetic.
In fact, I had already chosen a destination for our holiday. The idea of visiting the continent with Watson at my side had facilitated my deductions, but it was clear that the newlyweds were idiots in love.
When Harry started coming home drunk, she was just fifteen. It made him angry that she was doing just what Dad always did, avoiding things by pretending they didn’t exist. As he got older, he nagged her to quit, told her she had a responsibility, that they both did, to be better people. It never did any good to tell her, and he understands better now. She knew what she was doing every time she got her hands on a bottle; she wasn’t cut out for school and didn’t see much opportunity.
He wants his own life, to be who he was once meant to be, but he’s struggling just to get out of bed each day. Many days he wonders if it’s even worth it.
“We’re flying?” Which would be much nicer than walking when his legs can’t seem to find the floor, but it’s a rather stupid thing to say.
Watson opened it and read the note. “I’m asked to return to the lodge. An English lady is in need of a doctor. She is seriously ill, possibly dying.”
Sherlock is frowning, but his mouth begins to quirk up at one corner despite his best efforts to look serious, and John can’t help it. He laughs, and Sherlock’s eyes open wide in surprise before he begins laughing too.
Reluctantly, Watson picked up his book and pretended to read. I sat smoking a cigarette, occasionally closing my eyes in thought. We sat for an hour, Watson rising only to warm up my cup.
“It was…” Sherlock began, uncertain how to finish the sentence. “For me, Greg was a good mentor. He’s a very… grounded actor. I learned a lot from him, which was why I jumped at the chance to act with him again.”
was not his type, but now he realises that he fancies the man sitting opposite him. Ethereal, but not
People always thought the same about actors, he reminded himself. Being a good actor meant making it look so effortless that people assumed you were just playing yourself. It was insulting, really, that very few fans understood what went into creating a role, making it come to life, but that was the price of being good at it, he supposed.
Whatever happens after that, she doesn’t need to imagine. She’ll see them in a few days when Sherlock needs a spleen or some other body part. John will say something about where it ought to be kept, and Sherlock will pretend John is being unreasonable, but won’t quite be able to keep from smiling. They’ll bicker a bit, like a married couple. They’ve always done that, but now it will feel different. The smiles they give each other won’t be hidden. They won’t pretend it’s anything but what it is.
Holmes is crazy, he thinks, even more so than the guy who tried to kill him. Murderers have an agenda. It’s a crazy agenda, but at least you can understand what they’re about. He’s not sure what brand of crazy Holmes might be or what his agenda is.
, rather. She will refuse to be outlived by any of us, Mycroft, not even her own children, if she can help it.”
“It wasn’t a terrible experience,” he said. “I’m glad I did it. I’m glad I know you. It’s just… it hasn’t been easy for me, either, having that as the place where I started. I’ve been lucky. I know that, and am grateful for the breaks I’ve had.”
“Power of suggestion,” she said, using her fingers to open his eyes wide and leaning down to peer into them. “Your pupils are not dilated, Sherlock. Take a deep breath. You’re okay.”
Milverton laughed. “Don’t be a fool, boy. Do you really think I would bring the letters here with me? And what would you do— steal them from me? Then I would have to shoot you, and the law would be on my side.”
, he thinks. It’s bad enough having to use the cane, but he really can’t manage without it. He’s gaunt, having lost much of his muscle mass over the last four months. Grey hairs are starting to come in among the blond, and the eyes that stare back at him look weary. Not surprising, since he hasn’t slept through a night since he returned. Worse, he’s lost nearly all the confidence he once had. He’s no longer Doctor Watson, army surgeon, Captain Watson, RAMC. He’s a reject. No job, no family, no purpose. His once busy life has been reduced to therapy three times a week, physio Monday and Friday and Ella every Wednesday. He feels old. He looks old.
But he won’t see John again. He saw the look on his face. No love there; John hates him. He’ll wait until Sherlock is out of the flat, come in and empty all his drawers, take his books from the bookcase, clear out his desk. He’ll leave his key on the kitchen table, close the door, walk down seventeen steps, and leave, never to return.
Instead of setting the opening scene in the surgery where Jason and Neil worked, Irene had made it a chance encounter at the local coffee shop. Holly and Neil would do a quick catch-up of the last few years, express their concerns about Jason’s obsession. Then Martha Hudson, playing Jason’s grandmother, would make her entrance. She would appear distressed; Jason had returned from his UFO sighting trip, but didn’t seem to be himself.
successful man, well-known, consulted even by royalty. Had I wished to marry, I would have no trouble finding a bride. Indeed, women had aimed their snares at me before, and I had left them empty-handed. Perhaps I am not handsome in a traditional sense, but women are silly to care about such things. I was not a man to be rejected; I was meant to do the rejecting.
Watson made the tea, spread some toast with jam, and cut it into triangles. “You must eat something, my dear.”
“Killing yourself. I haven’t lost anyone to suicide, fortunately. I’ve known people who did that, though, and I saw what it did to the people close to them. I understood what he felt.”
“I believe there is a clause in our partnership agreement requiring you to give me a month’s notice, Watson.”
In the Times he reads of a body stolen from the morgue at Barts Hospital in London. Scotland Yard is puzzled as to why anyone would steal the body of Sherlock Holmes. Fitting, that his last case with Lestrade should remain unsolved. He can imagine that it might keep the DI up at night, wondering.
If the box were empty, he would propose to her, and she would accept. The wedding would happen soon. He would buy into a practice, perhaps, and find himself too busy with all that entailed to have time to visit his old friend.
“I can promise you one, but not the other,” Moriarty snarled, backing out of the room. As the door closed behind him, Watson turned to me.
Hearing John’s feet on the stairs made us both rise from our seats before sentiment could overwhelm us. I stood, awkward, while John fetched his coat and hat and helped him into them.
gay; all boys go through that phase, all men have fantasies. It didn’t mean anything. That’s not true, though. It
I called a week ago and was able to talk with Rosie, but Mary still hasn’t called me back to set up visits.”
“Not for certain, though he was in the water when I arrived, and the boys swore they didn’t touch him. I observed a mark on his forehead, as if he’d hit it on the rocks.”
He wondered. Now that the idea had been planted, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. It could be a very bad thing for Baz to have a love interest. Or a very good one. It would depend on him, he realised, and how he played it.
After that she would call him and just sob. Or nag him to get his stuff. Or tell him what’s wrong with everything. What’s wrong with him.
He looks thin. I noticed that night that he’d lost weight. It’s hard to discern a physique when it’s draped in an ill-fitting suit, but it didn’t look like he’d been biking to work, trying to slim down. Not a trying-to-get-buff kind of thin. More like he’d been ill.
“And how am I to help her? The blackmailer cannot lose. Either he receives the money he has demanded, or he gains credibility for his threats against others by following through and ruining her.”
“I hope so.” She looks up at him, pulling off her gloves. “I could use a cup of coffee. Do you have somewhere to be?”
John can be cranky sometimes, and he doesn’t like some of the things that appear in the refrigerator, but he is easy to live with, easy to love. He likes crime scenes and murders and chasing criminals as much as Sherlock does. He admires the deductions Sherlock makes. He is willing to shoot people who threaten Sherlock.
Holmes sighs but gives him a fond look. “No, you did that. Your liver is not happy about it, either. It takes no leave of you. It sends no compliments to your mother, or father, or brother. You do not deserve such attentions. It is most seriously displeased.”
Billy leaned his cheek against the old man’s. “You’re welcome.” He paused. He really wanted to ask, but…
“None of this politeness would be necessary, would it?” Molly stood. “What can we do? What do we know about witches?”
Then he turned, and placed the goblets back on the rock, one in front of him, one in front of Ireni.
Right, so here's the deal: This was supposed to be one chapter detailing wedding and...something else. It has very quickly gotten out of hand (glares at my brain for enjoying wedding planning so much). So pt.2 will be up either tomorrow or Friday, likely Friday. Hope you enjoyed, and for anyone who had exactly zero understanding of Kitty's wedding dress from my lousy description, this is the one I had in mind:
He’d never been afraid of heights, and his stomach was calm as he tumbled down after the precious bundle. He was focused on one thing alone—getting to Waverly.
Holmes stepped closer and wrapped wiry arms around him. “I need you, John. The work has been secondary for years. You know that.”
“No,” John said. It wasn’t quite a lie. The group that had taken him was brutal but physical violence wasn’t exactly their
Sally did put down the soup this time. “I was bred to be a Carrier. That was all I was ever supposed to be. Not a mother, I know, but I was raised to bear the children of kings. And I nearly died bringing my daughter into the world.”
Sherlock softened his voice. "Kitty, you've done as much as you can do, far more than anyone could have asked of you. Now you've got to hand it over, and I know that it's frustrating, but this is the best thing you can do for your friends."
“And I don’t reckon you’ll need to do much crawling about in the forest once you’re King,” Sherlock added.
“What you do not smell is called iocane powder. It’s odorless, tasteless, dissolves instantly in liquid…and is one of the more deadly poisons known to man.”
Jamiarty smiled up at her. “How’s it going, Riley?” He looked around. “Do we need the whole council?”
“Do not doubt your worth,” Holmes said firmly. “Ever. I know you. You will never stop trying to be useful, and you will never fail…until your very bones give out.”
(I mean if you've read my stuff so far you know I wouldn't hurt a wee smol...grownups, on the other hand, are very much fair game).
This wasn’t true. Mycroft wanted to be King. Much like his brother, he was born in the wrong house for his ambitions.
When Mary Morstan was eight, a kind man brought Mummy some flowers one evening. Mary was afraid at first, but she soon realized that this man was nothing like Father. Father never brought flowers, and he never smiled. The man’s name was Jacob, and he and Mummy laughed together a lot and took Mary on walks in the park and even to films a few times.
“I’m a rubbish spy—I had no idea Jamiarty meant to kill you, only that he was going to do something that involved you. And I got Riley so angry she came and stole my child! And that’s another thing—I never meant for Sally to become pregnant, it just happened! When I try to do something it’s not good enough, and my accidents are catastrophic.” Anderson put his hands over his face. “
“Stam spoke to a guard on our way here. Apparently you never said I do, so if you never said it, it never happened.”
“Maybe not, but we’re here now.” Janine took Molly’s hand. “We saw the horses and recognized the disguise. And now here we are! Where is Sally?”
Mild spoilers for Game of Thrones ahead (specifically for the Red Wedding if you're far behind), and some swearing.
John yanked off his tie and threw it on Mycroft's sofa. Mycroft shot him a glare, but John was past caring. The day at court had exhausted him. Moriarty had looked his way every chance he got, a horrible smirk on his face. The rest of the time he was staring at Sherlock, but John couldn't see his expression. He wasn't sure which was worse.
They were breaking many rules tonight; what was one more? “I love you,” Watson whispered. He could have sworn he heard an echo just before he fell asleep.
“Sherlock.” John cursed every time he’d been annoyed that day. “I don’t know if anyone’s brave enough for that.”
Then the night table became their daughter’s, and now the room was open again, open for any of their family to visit.
Blackwater recoiled. John glanced to the right, saw Greg and Dimmock coming down the hall. Blackwater saw them too.
"You'll need it. I've searched as much as I dared, the bastard's got it hidden well." Kitty looked at John. "What's upstairs?"
“I know he told you what he wanted to know. He wants to know who Sally’s mother is, and kill her. He has no idea that she’s dead, and you weren’t going to tell him. So he’s waiting for you to bleed more. To hear the voices of the past, and maybe that will make you speak. You have other children, Cerise. He knows you want to live.”
John hung up and started to dial for a cab again. Distracted by the bright screen and his worries about Donovan—they hadn't thought about her, what were they going to do?—he didn't hear the near-silent footsteps behind him.
Unable to speak anymore, she kissed their foreheads and left the room, heart and eyes full. "Come on," she told her children, curled up together on the sofa. "Let's go for a walk. Your father will join us soon."
that a man that talented would be anything other than Roberts himself. So that must be a lie. And he went to great effort for the Princess; he would be here by now if he could. Therefore he cannot. And Grezzik—Guilder didn’t kidnap the Princess. We did.”
“I’m with Princess Sherlock and Philip Anderson, husband of Sally Donovan. We represent her interests.”
Now he knew for a fact that wasn’t true. John was open with his affection, clear with annoyance and laughed as loud as Sherlock did at crime scenes (well, they weren’t supposed to giggle, what else could they do?) It was only pain he hid, and Sherlock wanted to know why. He needed to make plans, specific to important details, so that John would never be hurt again.
“There is nothing to forgive,” Sherlock answered. “I would have believed the worst too. You just didn’t have enough data. I was playing love. So was Jamiarty.”
He prefers the corner, no matter whether it’s a pub or a cafe. Ella might make something out of that. She might say that it’s his military background that makes him watchful, needing to keep an eye on everything happening in the room. But he knows that he was already doing this when he was sixteen.
“Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson chides. “It’s Christmas. No more talk of serial killers. And John’s jumper is very festive.”
His thoughts went back to the cabbie, Jason Bradford. In general, Sherlock never paid much attention to people driving cabs. Usually he was texting or looking at a script or on the phone arguing with Mike about something. The person driving was just an anonymous functionary, interchangeable with any other cabbie.
He spends Saturday and Sunday thinking about this. He helps Rosie with her homework, takes her shopping, and does odd jobs around the house. Mary has a list. He should have expected that. She always has a list of broken things she expects him to fix. He fixes the toilet, touches up paint in various spots, installs the new lighting fixture she wants in the dining room.
She smiles and pats his arm. “Talk to John. Whatever you think is wrong, I’m sure he’ll forgive you.”
“It did.” He sighs. “It made all the difference. If I was hurt, or ill. Lonely. Especially the last time. That was the worst. I don’t know… I might have given up…”
He waits an hour, pacing around, wishing he had a case, or that Molly had something for him to experiment on.
“I just don’t… I don’t think he’s the one.” She flushes. “You probably think that’s silly, that I believe there’s someone out there meant for me.”
“Or you might leave the gas on, burn down the entire block. A million people die in home accidents each year, in the UK alone. Don’t quote me. A million ways it’s unsafe to leave you home alone. I’m a detective, I know what people get up to at home, and how many of them end up as corpses. No, you can’t be trusted on your own yet. You need looking after.” He frowns at Watson as if this is all one great, sodding inconvenience.
The read-through began with the scene where Brook meets with Vivian and Todd, instructing them that he still has the real Jason stashed somewhere, and that he doesn’t want Alex harmed.
He turns slowly until we’re facing one another again. “Just this.” Stepping towards me, he goes up on his toes, pulls my face towards his, and kisses me.
He considered putting water on for tea, but poured himself a glass of wine instead, sank into his favourite chair, and sighed deeply. An existential sigh.
He never completely understood it, but decided that she was the kind of person who adopted lost causes. She saw him as a sad puppy. He treated her as he did everyone, saying rude things and ignoring her when she tried to talk to him. This only seemed to inflame her more.
“The boy has refused to tell, and his father was reluctant to force him into counselling. Instead, he has brought the matter to me, hoping I could advise him. Naturally, I thought my brother would be eager to assist in such a matter, especially when it involves his
Ireni sank back in the water. “Well, there’s no sense going tonight. We’ll head there in the morning.”
Still scowling, John shuffled into the kitchen. In the fifteen minutes since he’d left their room, Sherlock had somehow managed to get dressed, get up without disturbing him in the loo, and make tea and toast.
Mycroft blinked. “Well, that will be pleasant. You’re headed to Scotland, then? Just outside of Glasgow?”
Sherlock heard John scream from nightmares every so often from the first night they shared a flat. He saw him turn green at the sight of an arson that killed a family of seven, saw a flicker of fear in his eyes when Moriarty was mentioned. They were normal reactions, subdued perhaps but still appropriate to the situation. Before the Dream he assumed that John Watson was as English as his name, and emotion was simply not done.
Sherlock opened the door for John and they stepped into the café. “I’ve no desire to make myself uncomfortable.”
“If Sally left of her own free will, she rightfully stole herself.” Ireni glanced behind her at London. “Well, I’ll do what I can. I’ve my own score to settle. And on the way, who knows? I might figure out your favour, Molly.”
"Well, Billy, you're awfully young, but how about this? If you like, your granddads can keep telling you stories and teach you about it...I can tell you some too, actually. Then, when you're a bit older, you can maybe try it, okay?"
“I remember,” Miracle Max continued, and his voice was softer now. “But you need to have faith. Grezzik knows she’s alive.”
Grezzik obediently bent his own head to Watson’s chest. He listened for a long time, long enough that Stam hoped he’d been mistaken, maybe the shock and pain had sent Watson into a waking sleep, but the giant stood and shook his head.
There was a black blotch, about a quarter of the way up the Cliffs. It was rising slowly. It almost looked like it was climbing, but Grezzik couldn’t see any arm movement.
Stam shook his head and put simple food on a tray. The others were still in the library making diplomatic plans, so he took Seb’s dinner down alone.
Just behind him was an enormous man, tall and…it wasn’t fat, so much as a sheer amount of mass. He seemed far too cheerful to be Mycroft, but his eyes—piercing and thoughtful at the same time—removed any doubt.
“I understand,” the taller one (at least Watson thought it was the taller one) said. “We do the same whenever my insomnia coincides with my husband’s.”
Sherlock keeps his wedding ring almost obsessively clean. He’s delighted to realize that John does the same.
Also, I am still taking prompts! Victorian or modern, either is fine; again, my only request is no porn--can't write it on technical grounds. If someone wants to write porn (or even other things) in this verse, or draw something...I mean, that would be awesome. Just link it to me so I can see it!
Stan loves Jane Eyre, but hates Wuthering Heights. Kitty allows this as a compromise. They both enjoy Jane Steele when it comes out.
John did relent after Act One. Greg had learned his lesson, one he should have learned long ago. 'Never mess with a Holmes, even if it's only by marriage.'
Stan wasn’t born female. The idea of being a different gender than his sex was unthinkable; then again, so was the idea of two men in love.
Tolkien, in all his triumphs and shortcomings (Sherlock has fought people over Samwise Gamgee) becomes one of their favourite entertainment sources: their first anniversary they watched the entirety of the Extended Editions. The quotes on their wedding rings are from Sam’s speech.
Jamiarty and Molly were still duelling. Sally heard running footsteps just outside the door, and panicked—Molly wasn’t there to block the door—but it was Sherlock and John, dashing into the room. John stayed at the door, and Sherlock ran for Jamiarty.
It took John a full twenty seconds to process the scene in front of him. There was Mycroft, and Greg…and considerably less clothing than normal.
“Well, he’s always been bright,” Stan said, a smirk playing on his lips. “Suppose that’s a good reason for you to be Holmes-sexual, Dad.”
He watched in shock as his grandfather’s face went a bit pale. “Well…yes, we do. We’re getting on in years, Billy. We thought it might be best…and anyways, this cottage is still quite small. It gives us space for the study.”
“Because I just called Brook, to tell him that I knew what he was doing and—” Sally choked. “He thanked me, he said that I'd helped him to get right to the heart of the matter, and that he'd take care of John. And I know that means—”
Kitty was beaming, for once all traces of pain gone from her eyes as she held her son. "Isn't he beautiful?" she whispered.
Watson stepped forward and gripped Holmes’ shoulders. “I’m sorry,” he replied. “I didn’t think of that.” He paused. “I can’t let you keep going out alone, though. Will you at least take one of the erstwhile Irregulars with you—Wiggins, perhaps?” Bill Wiggins was now a constable who’d been taken under Hopkins’ wing—surely he could protect Holmes.
"Sure, why not?" Greg was, after all, in a good mood. He could always tell Mycroft (and Sherlock too, while he was at it) much later, when they were publicly out.
Girls wanted marriage and babies and all sorts of boring things. He wanted adventure, he wanted to learn, he wanted to run away and never come back to this farm.
“I would suggest you find your own place to live,” Mycroft Holmes replied. “If you do not live together, and if you consult on his cases only occasionally, then you would arouse far less suspicion. Who would suspect two men who deliberately chose to lessen their time together of being in love?”
“The King will have to do that,” Mycroft said thoughtfully. “He will have to make his way back to the castle and complete the ceremony with Sally in order to make that happen.”
The woman threw the veil off and stood. The fiery passion that had twisted her face when we first met her had faded, and with her fair hair dyed it took a moment for me to recognize Miss Kitty Winter.
Watson felt the blood drain from his face. He’d never heard this voice before, but by the way Holmes’ hand was suddenly tightly in his...he was right.
Yikes! I've had no power for the last two hours, I sprinted to my computer to post this, hopefully it can stay on for like five more seconds.
