“There’s... there’s something I wanted to tell you. Have to tell you,” Dean managed to get the words out. He swallowed hard again and met Cas’s eyes. “Something I didn’t have time to before.”
They hurried to catch up with the others, always keeping an eye on their surroundings. By the end of the hunt, thirty-two vamps lay dead. None had gotten past the pairs set at the doorways, there to make sure none of the monsters escaped. There were injuries, one worse than Dean. One of the hunters had lost an eye. But Cas went through the group, healing the worst of the injuries and closing wounds. He couldn’t do anything about the lost eye but he could heal the wound so that it didn’t hurt and wouldn’t become infected.
“I would follow you to Heaven, Dean,” Cas said immediately, his voice softening as he took Dean’s hand and cradled it in his. “But you didn’t die. I was able to heal you.”
"Yes well, thanks to Jack and his little stunt, he exploded here you know, many of the denizens woke up. He made it loud," Meg replied, snarling the last word. Anger filled her face until she took another sip of wine. "But that's my problem, not yours. I'll deal with it. Now, tell me why I should give you what you want? Especially as he belongs to me."
It was mostly a hunters bar but locals did mix in. Mostly those who had had some brush with the supernatural in the past or knew who the Winchesters were. There were a couple kids, just barely old enough to walk in the door, who had known Jack who liked to frequent the place on karaoke nights.
Dean was silent for a long moment, his eyes locked on the slice in Cas’s neck. There was something unreadable in his face. The moment stretched, the only sound in the room their breaths. Finally, Dean broke the silence.
It wasn’t until he was wandering aimlessly down one of the side streets in town that Dean saw it. A For Sale sign in an old bar. He stopped the Impala outside the front doors, staring at the sign and the building it was attached to. For as long as they’d been living in the bunker, this building had been empty. The sign above the bar was faded enough that Dean could only make out the word Bar towards one end. Memories of a bar formed completely in his head ran through Dean’s mind. And he made up his mind in that moment.
“That’s great,” Dean said and clapped his hands together once. “Let’s get with the magic then. What do we need?”
Then their kisses moved over the line of a jaw, down the throat, and across the curve of collarbones. Breathy moans joined the murmurs as mouths closed over skin to suck and bite. Featherlight kisses followed, soothing the delightful pains. It was everything, being together, being
Meg tried to smirk back but the expression was fragile, the smirk dropping to a frown. When a yell burst from behind her, Meg flinched hard. She closed her eyes and Dean waited in silence, heart in his throat. He recognized that half-crazed look in Meg's eyes. Seen it in himself more than once in the last weeks. Here it was. The moment when the Empty would be ready to deal. Or not.
"For as long as you walk the Earth," Cas promised, opening his eyes. He smiled widely, eyes glinting with tears of happiness. "And when your time here is done, I'll remain by your side forever in Heaven."
"Well that's simple," Dean shrugged. "Let the ones who woke up go home. Demons to hell, angels to heaven. They're out of your hair. Assuming you, uh, you know, have hair," Dean gestured at Meg's head with the paper.
While Dean waited in the kitchen, nervously fiddling with the book, Eileen finished putting together her sandwich. Then she made one for Dean. He didn’t notice until she bumped the plate into his arm. He looked at the plate then at Eileen, cocking an eyebrow.
Setting the book aside, Dean let his head dip a little. Tears burned in his eyes as his hope was dashed. He’d thought this might have the clue he needed, some way to bring Cas back. But no. It was just a dead end. It was useless. Just as he was right now.
“W-what?” Cas stammered, unconsciously leaning a bit into Dean’s hand. His eyes were wide and locked on Dean’s.
Picking a direction at random, since every one looked just like every other one, Dean started walking. He tried calling out a few times, but the sound was swallowed. Plus, from the enveloping darkness, a few worrisome rustlings seemed to be pacing him. It was nothing he could name nor could he pinpoint a direction the rustlings were coming from. So he walked in silence, praying desperately to Cas in his head.
“Don’t die, got it,” Dean patted Sam’s back and pulled away. He was immediately pulled into a hug by Eileen.
“That was a lovely sound,” Cas said darkly in Dean’s ear. He moved his knee again, chuckling when Dean groaned again. “Just lovely.”
“I think it’s time we go get our toes in the sand,” Dean said, turning his head to press a kiss to Cas’s temple. “Shall we?”
During the briefing, Sam had decided that the hunters would all hunt in pairs. It made sense, watching a partner’s back and having yours watched when they were all outnumbered. It stood the hunters in good stead now. There were injuries, hunters clawed or thrown into walls. But, thankfully, there were no deaths. Their partner guarded them, distracting the vamps long enough for the injured one to get to their feet or killing them outright.
they made a sacrifice,” Dean said. He whispered a prayer to Cas in his head then continued, “What do you think about that?”
The sigils lit up in the order he painted them in that same greasy anti-glow. The sigil Dean added his own blood to had a slight red hue to its glow. Then, a rip opened up into a pure black space. Absolute silence filled the room, a palpable presence. Dean put the bowl down, cleaned his pocketknife, put it in his pocket, patted the other pocket with the poem, and stepped through the portal. It shimmered a little and then Dean was gone as if he never existed.
When it felt right, Dean broke the kiss and pressed his forehead to Cas's. Then he stood there, breathing in the scent of ozone that always clung to the angel. Sometime during the kiss, Cas had placed his hands on Dean's waist. It felt good. Felt right. And so did the words waiting on his tongue. Dean let out a sigh, feeling a weight drop from his shoulders.
“I am and I also look like this,” Meg shrugged and took a sip of wine. “It’s easier to talk to people if I’m wearing a person. For some reason, angels, demons, humans, what-have-you, get a little creeped out talking to, how you put it, black goo.”
His fingers pressed against the wound on Dean's back. It was as featherlight a touch as he could make it but it still wrung another grunt of pain from Dean's throat. Concentrating as he never had before, the love he'd finally spoken to Dean not too long ago filling him, Cas's hand glowed with healing energy. And in just a few moments, the damage to Dean's back, the internal damage in his chest, and all the aches and scratches from the vampire fight were healed.
Taking a deep breath, Dean stepped the final step closer to Cas. Their bodies almost touched, close enough to share warmth. His hand slid up from Cas's shoulder to cup his jaw. Then, Dean tilted Cas's face up slightly, paused for a moment as he looked into his eyes, and kissed him. The kiss was soft, gentle, a featherlight touch. Dean kept his eyes open and saw as Cas's eyes widened in surprise then closed. A small smile tugged at the corner of Dean's mouth as he closed his own eyes.
His eyes almost blurred as he read through the lines, heart in his throat. When he got to the end, a sharp stab of disappointment knifed its way through his chest. It was nothing more than a poem. It had an odd staccato beat to it and it made him feel uncomfortable in ways he couldn’t describe. Maybe lethargic but with undercurrents of wrongness? He wasn’t sure but he was sure that it was nothing more than useless words. Underneath, the author mentioned that he’d heard a story from an older member of the Men of Letters that linked the poem with the void. In the author’s opinion, the only thing that linked the two were mentions of emptiness but he included it just to be thorough.
Worry lines appeared on Cas's forehead and his eyes narrowed as he saw the blood on Dean's lip. He moved so fast it was almost like he flew to Dean's side. A gentle hand reached around Dean's back to explore the rebar and the wound. The worry lines deepened as Cas met Dean's eyes.
Take this morning, for example. All of them, Dean, Cas, Sam, and Eileen, had just gotten back to the bunker the night before from a hunt. It had been a rough one, though they’d all made it out. Their wounds had been healed by Cas. All that was left was the exhaustion. It was likely Sam and Eileen were sleeping in and Dean decided he and Cas weren’t leaving the bed for a few hours. Not even for coffee.
Of course, it wasn’t as easy as just looking. Dean started with the massive library in the bunker. They’d only catalogued a fraction of what was here. What with hunts and saving the world and losing people they cared about, library work had never seemed too important. They did what they could in small chunks. Now, a notebook always at his side or in his hand, Dean worked his way through the amassed collection of the Men of Letters.
“Thanks Cas,” Dean said. He grabbed the back of Cas’s head and pulled him in for a quick searing kiss.
"Fine, fine," notCas sighed then, within an eyeblink, Meg is stood in his place. She rolled her eyes at Dean then sat down in a throne that materialized under her. She lounged, a glass of deep red wine appearing in one hand. She drank, staring at Dean over the rim of the glass. "Better? I like this one better anyway. All dewy."
He drove back to the bunker with a lead foot, breaking all the speed limits on the way there. He didn’t wait for Sam or Eileen. Instead, Dean rushed into the bunker, threw his box in the fridge, and hurried to his research table. The pies would keep for a victory dessert celebration when he and Cas come back.
At that word, Cas gasped and bucked his hips up deeper into Dean. He freed one hand, gripping the back of Dean’s head and tilting it up until their eyes met. Staring into Dean’s eyes, time seemed to freeze for several long moments. Even their hips stilled.
A second finger joined the first, stretching Dean a little farther. Now, Cas moved a little faster, burying his fingers deep before drawing almost all the way out. He drank in the pleas and the moans that fell from Dean’s mouth, enjoying the taste of each. And he let his hand roam over Dean’s chest, tweaking a nipple or drawing trails down his belly.
“You need to eat so you can be ready when Sam comes back with something,” Eileen explained. She gestured at the sandwich and ate another chip as if to coax Dean into eating too. “When’s the last time you ate anything?”
They drank, enjoying the peace and the sun and being together again. They’d done their best, they’d fought for the world and each other, they’d saved the world and each other. They’d made it a better place for the people who would follow after them. It was time to rest.
Dean walked into the room a few moments later. His eyes were bleary and he walked with a slow deliberation that told Sam he was still drunk from the day before. He carried two bottles by their necks and his eyes, when they fell on Sam and Eileen standing in such an intimate pose, seemed to get blearier.
A yawning void filled him then and Dean felt tired and broken. He stared at the wall in silence, unable to muster the energy to even glare at it. Then, he turned and walked out of the room. He brushed past Sam without a word, managing the tiniest of nods to Eileen. It was good she was back, good to see her again. Sam needed her. But that was all he could manage as he made his way to the kitchen.
Running footsteps moved past, what sounded like several pairs. Whoever it was was swallowed up by the darkness and Dean couldn’t catch a glimpse of them. Meg rolled her eyes and shook her head but the motion had a flavor of exhaustion to it.
A year passed, Sam and Eileen growing closer. Their relationship weathered everything the world threw at them. One day in late winter, they announced they would be getting married in a few months. Dean pulled both of them into a tight hug at the announcement, pressing a kiss to the top of Eileen’s head.
Dean looked around, eyes narrowing. He was as sure as he could be that he’d pronounced the words correctly. Enochian had some different pronunciations than he was used to but he’d made a point to learn to speak it since finding out angels were real years ago. Maybe he needed to read it again?
“Yeah, he is,” Dean responds. “He just needs to get the hang of being human, but hopefully he will be back, halo and all, soon.”
“You’re afraid of hunter’s and angel’s reactions, I’m afraid of human reactions,” Dean replies softly.
“Okay, okay!” Dean matches Castiel’s smile. “I just wanted to be sure. And I love you too, so much.” Dean goes back to Cas’s thighs. He pulls down Cas’s underwear, kissing and nipping his skin along the way. Of fucking course Cas is huge, is all Dean can think. He feels himself getting completely hard now and his mouth is watering. He needs Cas, he needs to make him feel good. Wasting no time, Dean takes Cas into his mouth. Just the head, at first, then he makes his way down little by little.
“Nope!” Dean pops up from the couch and flies to the door, not wanting to have this conversation right now. “Good night, bitch!” He hears a faraway ‘jerk!’ float down the hall. Five minutes are up.
“Yeah I did, I was trying it out.” He sees the amusement in his angels’ eyes. “Do you like it?” Cas nods.
“Okay,” Dean leans down to place a kiss on his angel's forehead. “I’ll wake you up for dinner.” Castiel mumbles a ‘Thank you’ as Dean turns off the lights and leaves the room. He heads back to the library where his brother has his nose in another ancient-looking book. As Dean sits in the seat across from him, Sam looks up with a hint of worry in his eyes. “He’s fine, he’s just gonna rest for a bit.”
“I found Cas,” Dean informs Sam, trying not to give himself away by smiling. His brother takes bacon off the stove and turns off the burner with the eggs.
“Would you like me to get that for you, babe?” Dean watches his angel all snuggled in his bed, not looking like he is going to move any time soon.
“Did you check the kitchen? Maybe he wanted some breakfast,” Dean lies, and slips his hand into Castiel’s and brings it to his lips for a kiss.
“He really didn’t Dean! Stop defending him,” Sam yells back. “He didn’t have to make you feel like crap for whatever happened that night. I was only fifteen and I don’t remember much but I know you looked at him differently after that night. I don’t know what he said to you or what really happened but I do know that it got to you.” Dean stays quiet. His brother was right, what their dad said to him that night really did get to him. “Listen, Dean, you’re my brother and I love you. All I wanted you to know is don’t let the stuff that happened in the past keep you from being happy now. You’re obviously crazy about Cas and I don’t doubt he feels the same.” Dean took a deep breath. He can feel himself getting worked up, but he doesn’t know if he wants to break down crying or throw the lamp across the room, or both. “It’s like torture watching the two of you dance around each other waiting for the other one to make a move.”
“An angel with a Netflix list, go figure.” Dean puts the rest of the dishes away. Sam leaves to go call Eileen and Dean and Cas head to the ‘Dean-Cave’ with a bowl of popcorn.
“Don’t be sorry, I’ve never been so turned on in my life! I didn’t know you were into kinky sex! I mean, I know you like to be rough sometimes but this... this is gonna be awesome.” He tries to go back to Castiel’s lips when Cas stops him.
“Guys, check it out. I found this in the British Men of Letters digital archive. It’s like a video about all the ancient books about Hellenism. Again, very little about the blades but this is what caught my eye.”
“Oh! You boys seem close, having close family that doesn’t drive you crazy is good!” Theodora laughs. “I still talk to my cousins every week!”
“So I was putting away some books when I found a similarity with a few of your notes from this afternoon, Cas.” Sam opens two of the books and shows the other two a phrase on the page.
The day goes by, the boys pack for the dinner party. They bring whatever weapons will fit in their pockets, Cas insists it’s pointless because nothing would work if they got into trouble with gods.
Dean eventually has to grip onto Castiel to stay in place. Every inch of Cas is hitting all the right places. God, Cas feels so good! He doesn’t think he will last much longer. They build up together, feeling the other getting closer and closer. Cas hits Dean’s prostate once and then keeps brushing against it.
“Hey man, she loves you okay? Don’t overthink it, don’t make it complicated.” Dean hands the little box back to Sam. “And if it doesn’t work out with Eileen, you always have Rowena! Although, she might require a bigger diamond.”
“I thought I already was.” Cas motions to the bottle in his hand. Dean smiles slightly and lets out a small laugh.
“Love you too,” The angel whispers back. The two of them drift off to sleep; tangled, at home, in each other's arms.
“I’m right here, angel,” Dean assures Castiel. The light becomes blinding and fills the entire room. Dean shuts his eyes even though he wishes he could keep them fixed on his angel. A high-pitched noise sounds making Dean cover his ears. Then, the blue light goes away, Castiel’s wings have disappeared and the candles blow out by themselves. Dean opens his eyes and the first thing he notices is Castiel fully submerged under the water.
“Thanks you guys,” Sam smiles down at the plate he’s washing. “So what movie are you going to watch tonight?”
In the middle of their breakfast and coffee, Sam runs into the kitchen with his laptop in one hand and an empty coffee mug in the other.
“‘Ro?’” Dean whispers to his brother. “Really Sam? Nick name basis with the Queen of Hell?.” Sam rolls his eyes.
I hope ya'll liked cas and dean finally getting to do fun stuff! they sure did! I love and read all of your comments so please leave one if you'd like!! thank you for reading!!!!!
“Dammit Cas, yes! I said ‘yes.’ He asked me and I said ‘yes’ and I do have feelings for you and- and it’s dumb I know because you’re a freakin’ ‘Angel of the Lord’ but we’ve been through so much together man.” Dean stammers out his words as tears start streaming down his face. “You are my best friend Cas and I didn't want to ruin this for us. But I can’t help it… I-I love you, Cas.” Dean's words weigh heavy under the silence of the room.
“Yes, I believe so,” Cas remembers his dream. “It was dark and the blade was under a tree, there were three of them, but it felt… wrong. It felt like I wasn’t supposed to be there. Then I felt like I was being chased by someone, or something, into… darkness.” Dean pulls Castiel close again and strokes the back of his hair. “Sorry.”
“Down here by the door,” Dean looks around, remembering how the fight with the vamps went down. “Then I think he killed the last vamp up there where you are.” Dean walks back further in the building, pushing aside more scraps with no sign of the blade. He does see bloodstains on the ground where the heads of the vampires rolled. Dean hears his brother move something heavy, the object scrapes the floor as it moves.
“Yeah, there must have been like a dozen a least, ” Sam wonders, counting in his head. “Damn, I’m exhausted.” He yawns and grabs the knives out of the trunk to clean them off. “Do you think we got the whole nest? I mean there were way too many to even keep count.”
“I like talking to you too,” Dean smiles. The blades effect on Cas mixed with a little too much to drink might not have been the best idea. Cas goes quiet.
yikes this is late, I'm so very sorry! (my valid excuse is that im bi and i have adhd)  I had a bunch of ideas, the chapter got long so i split it into two parts. but on the bright side, the next chapter will be out soon probably. i hope you like where this is going!!
“You’re mine too,” Sam laughs and looks at his brother. Dean mouths ‘he’s so out of it’ and he turns down the hallway. “G’night Cas.”
“Yes, Dean, yes! Oh, fuck!” Dean has an angel saying yes to him now. He discovers a new turn on, Cas saying ‘fuck’. “Perfect Dean, you’re perfect!”
“Like you said,” Dean starts and pulls away from Castiel’s grip, his eyes slowly filling with tears. “You are family to us Cas-”
“Okay, hold this and get in the water.” Dean hands Cas the feather. The angel places his hands on the sides of Dean's face and passionately kisses him. Dean pulls Cas close and Cas rests his head on Dean's shoulder. “You’ll be okay, Cas.” He kisses the angel's forehead and he can feel him smile into his shoulder.
“Don’t lie to me Dean, I’m trying to help you boys! And I know how to help Cas. Sam, dear, do you still have my spellbooks?”
“Remember Anna?” Castiel asks, Dean nods. “When she kissed you, I felt something. I realized later it was jealousy but I didn’t know what it was then. I didn’t realize what my feelings meant before… but I eventually figured it out. And everyone in heaven did too.” Dean places his hand over Castiel’s. He sometimes forgets Cas is a celestial being and that he sacrificed everything for the Winchesters, for him.
“Dean,” Cas whispered breathlessly as he placed his other hand on the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him closer. He wiped away the few tears left falling down Dean’s face. “I love you too.” Cas pulled Dean into a desperate kiss, their lips crashing like a band finally snapping together after years of built-up tension. Dean sat on top of Cas, straddling him, running his hands through his hair as Cas let his hands roam under Dean's shirt, which seemed to be getting in the way. He pulls the unbuttoned flannel down Dean’s shoulders and arms and tosses it to the side, then he finds the hem of the soft cotton tee shirt and brings it up and over Dean’s head and tosses it on the floor. Dean follows Castiel’s lead and reaches for the hem of his shirt as Cas goes for the buttons on Dean’s jeans, which Dean is thankful for as his jeans are getting tighter with every kiss.
“That night, I was so scared man,” Dean responds and leans into his angel's touch. “I can’t wait till this whole thing is over and you’re okay. We should go to the beach or something, take a few days off, just the two of us.”
“Well I heard you in the map room last night, and I guess you guys were up drinking because when I walked in this morning there were beer bottles everywhere and the decanter was empty,” Sam looks over to his brother, waiting for his response.
“Yes! Oh my god, Cas. If I call you my partner people won’t know if we are partners in crime or cowboys or lovers, well I guess we are all three.” They laugh. “Howdy partner,” Dean gets in before Cas pulls him in for a kiss.
“Yes, I just forgot how intense being human is,” Cas replies, sinking into the warmth of Dean’s body. Dean pushes wet hair out of Castiel's face and hugs him closer. After Dean has felt Cas breathing long enough to know he was okay, he helps Castiel up off the floor. Cas turns slightly to secure the towel around his waist and Dean notices new markings on his back.
“Sounds good,” Cas leans up to kiss Dean but quickly pulls back. “Did you just call me ‘babe’?” Dean laughs shyly.
“No,” Cas replies and begins to slur his words a bit. “Something rare and old. I am not sure exactly what it was but I could feel Enochian magic radiating off of it.”
“I love you too.” Dean falls asleep soon after, holding his angel close. Castiel stays up for a little while longer, connecting the stars on Dean’s skin to form constellations.
“I defied heaven for you. I dragged your soul out of hell and rebuilt you. I fought apocalypse after apocalypse by your side. If you think I’m going to decline a proposal then-”
“It’s about time you two got back.” She raises an eyebrow at them. “Car trouble?” Apparently the extra fifteen minutes they spent making out in the back of the Impala hadn’t gone unnoticed. Dean gives Rowena side-eye as he walks past her to hand his brother his suit.
“Wait… just a few more minutes?” Cas slyly requests, pulling Dean closer for another kiss. Dean falls back in and they get back into a similar rhythm from last night. He slides a leg over Castiel, needing to get as close to him as possible. Their hands in one another’s hair and the bedsheets are half on the floor. Cas lets his hands explore Dean’s hips and tease the band of his pajama pants. Dean kisses down Castiel’s neck as they hear a knock on the door and the handle jiggle.
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” Cas, holding Dean's hand, rubs his thumb over the back of it. Dean sits down on the bed next to him. “It just stung a bit, it’s not your fault. You didn’t know that would happen.” Cas lifts his hand up to caress Dean’s cheek. “I think I want to take a nap.” Cas yawns and snuggles deeper into the bed.
It’s a knife to the gut, a kind of pain that only comes from the horror of realizing something you already knew.
Now he must reckon with that one last time. He must decide if he was born for this purpose, this duty.
It is what makes him brave when staring down the Morningstar, brightest of all angels. To look upon his face is to see the despair of a star caught in the grips of a black hole. Were there no vessel around him Castiel’s current body would be nothing but ash, mortal remains upon the ground. As it is now, the echo of heaven’s Song in Lucifer's voice is like nails upon his spine. It is corrupt and ancient, an eon of pain and terror nestled in his throat.
He repeats it to himself as he walks to his third death. As he lets the Leviathan consume him. As he pushes him through the portal out of purgatory. As he expels the mark of Cain. As he watches his brothers and sisters fall from grace. Again Castiel, you must destroy the world. Again Castiel, you must make the sacrifice.
It is this he thinks of as he descends into hell, the very place a horrid collection of misery that chases out the faintest bit of light. It is a grasping darkness, clinging to his wings even as he glides ever deeper through the gloom before he reaches the point where he is supposed to be.
Castiel takes him to the very edges of Creation, where the stars are older than him and the dark existed long before anything else.
“Not to worry Castiel. You are only older than a scant few. You were chosen for the simple reason that I was feeling merciful the day you were born. Michael is my love and Lucifer is my wrath and both are dreadful in their own way, but you Castiel? You are my mercy. Why do you think you always end up here, granting forgiveness?”
It is the hunger that finally convinces him that he is well and truly on his way to losing his wings. He has never felt such a pain, such a want in the entirety of his long life. He hungers for food, for feeling, for touch, for love.
The pure terror Castiel feels at being looked upon by Lucifer is only set aside by his determination. His unwillingness to give up the Winchesters.
Castiel starts forward, only kept in place by the holy fire. If it were possible he’d set himself on fire to cross it.
The creature that looks back at him with nothing but hatred, pure anger across its face. He isn’t human yet, and the touch of Castiel’s grace must feel like knives across his soul. Castiel ruffles his wings, a soothing gesture for angels, and wraps them around Dean. He stills, wide black eyes staring at Castiel in awe. In fear.
“Ah, see, I know who Dean Winchester is. I know all the souls that our dear Father sends down to me. Troublesome that one, but so beautifully vicious. I have to say, you have rather good taste little brother.”
Castiel curls his lip and not for the first time he can understand Lucifer’s fury. His desire to wipe this place, their Father’s creation, from existence.
“I…” Dean pauses, and he has the audacity to look embarrassed despite what they’ve been doing for the last few hours. The last few millennia. However long it’s been since Castiel opened his eyes to Dean Winchester long dead in heaven.
It is difficult to understand humans. They lie and are brutally honest. They kill and go through extraordinary lengths to preserve life. They will stop in the middle of the road for a rabbit, then tear each other apart over nothing. It seems painful to be that conflicted.
“You smell like them you know?” Lucifer says, curling his lip. “The stink of human is all over you. They smell like bad meat. Left out in the sun too long. Father was cruel for that.”
He did not expect to be picked for this task. Soldiers do not go into hell to fetch something so important as Michael’s sword. Soldiers have not earned the honor of touching such a vessel.
Still, it takes much to convince Dean Winchester to be alive. There is a body to recreate and Castiel must rely on instinct to reform it. There are faded memories of a vessel long ago, but that had not lasted very long.
“Look” Castiel murmurs as stars are born in front of them, glowing bright in the infinite darkness. “These stars are made from the very same that constitutes the Earth you were born to. Their life resides in your bones.”
Light flares and for a moment he remembers what it is to be born, to be made anew. Wings unfurl and his heart surges to life. He opens his mouth and Sings and there is a sound like thunder, like the beginning of all things. A voice booms out across the heavens.
He has been chosen to do this, all his siblings gathered around to bestow grace, their many faces bright like the sun.
“I have not been a very good Father have I?” God says softly and Castiel knows better than to give an honest answer. He has learned much in his time here on earth. Fathers never want the truth.
“How did you know- never mind. Well, kind of, but we can talk about this later. Let's go back to kissing and we can try the tie thing when we have more time and aren't in a weird house in the middle of nowhere. I miss your lips, come here!” Cas teases Dean by pulling away before giving in and bringing them closer by tugging gently at Dean’s necktie.
“I don’t know, I mean, I don’t really wanna ask her in the middle of a hunt,” Sam explains. “We talked about taking some time off in the next few weeks, so I was thinking of doing it then. Maybe take a trip.”
“That’d be the hangover,” Dean laughs softly and leans over to kiss Castiel once more. “Let’s get us some eggs and bacon to fix that.” He starts to pull off the covers when Cas stops him.
“As much as I wish we could stay in here forever,” Dean says as he pulls back from the kiss. “I’m getting hungry and we can’t keep my brother waiting any longer or he’s gonna get suspicious.”
“Good morning Dean,” Cas smiles back and plants a soft kiss on his lips. Dean leans into the kiss and runs his hands through Cas’s dark hair. After a minute, Dean pulls back and rubs his nose against the angels, taking in the angels’ sky blue eyes.
“Of course you did,” Dean replies. Castiel yawns as Dean pulls the covers up and over the two of them and turns off the lamp on his bedside table. Then he leans over to place a gentle kiss on Castiel’s lips. “We’ve had a long day, you especially, so let’s get some sleep.” Castiel snuggles into Dean's side as Dean wraps his arms around Cas.
“You’re special, what we have is special,” Dean says, insistently. He crosses the kitchen to make sure Cas hears him. “I hope you know that. This is different from anything I’ve had with anyone else because I love you. I’ve loved you for so long and I’m scared that if I tell Sam it will become too real and I’ll do something stupid and lose you.” Cas pulls Dean down into his lap and Dean holds onto his love. Cas stays silent and lets him continue. “I um… I never really felt the need to ‘come out.’ It wasn’t safe when I was younger so there was no point. But even after John died and I knew I was safe, I just never wanted it to be this big thing. But, you're important to me and I don’t want to hide you from our friends or Sam or anyone. I love you. I’m sorry, I wish I could be normal about this.”
“Well Dean, what is this then?” Castiel questions, sliding off his side of the bed in search of the discarded shirt that ended up on the floor last night. “What do you want this to be?”
“Cas, buddy, you are a little out of it right now,” Dean replies, letting his hand on Castiel’s shoulder slide up to his cheek. “And this wound needs to be stitched up good until you are better and can finish healing yourself.” They are quiet for a minute as Dean prepares the needle.
“Yeah, if you want. We could do something that would still benefit the hunter community, we could still help out when we could. Like opening a bar or something. But we could also have a life… together.”
“Well it’s not as romantic as yours but, I guess I always kinda knew. When we met, I felt like you caught me off guard and I was just so drawn to you.” Dean thinks back over the years to everything he and Cas had been through. “But when I thought I’d lost you in Purgatory, I think that was when it really hit me. Because it felt different than losing Sam or Bobby or Charlie. I guess I’ve never loved anyone as I’ve loved you.” He looks up at his angel, who is looking at him with so much care. “Sorry about Anna, I didn’t know that’s how you felt.”
“No it’s nothing like that,” Dean caresses Castiel’s cheek and slides off of his lap. “I just want to close the door, don’t want to be giving Sammy a free show.” He closes the door and Castiel moves further back up Dean’s bed. Dean quickly resumes his position on his angel's lap and leans down to meet Castiel's lips. The angel's kisses are a little needy and rough, but deep and loving. Cas wraps his leg around Dean’s and pulls Dean onto the bed as he rolls to straddle him. This move would have been done almost flawlessly if Castiel’s stitches hadn't been painfully pulled at in the process.
“Then Sam asked if I like you more than I like him. I explained again about our more ‘profound bound’ and that it doesn’t mean I like him any less than I like you it just means that I feel closer to you. I rebuilt you, Dean. I know your soul. I am not sure what Sam was trying to imply, but I hope he doesn’t think I don’t like him.” Cas nervously rambles and places an empty beer bottle on the table with a small wince of pain.
“Wake him up or let him wake up or whatever,” Dean ordered but there was more than a hint of pleading in his voice. “Wake Cas up.”
Nodding slowly, Cas reached up and patted Dean’s hand. Then he just rested his hand over Dean’s. His skin was warm, the touch soft, and Dean was struck breathless for a few moments at the simple contact. At the wealth of affection and love that Cas could show in a single gesture.
"That's it? All of them are back?" Dean shot back. When Meg nodded, he continued suspiciously "Where's Cas?"
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said. Taking his hands off the wheel, Dean turned his whole body to face Cas. Then he just looked, taking in everything he could of Cas’s face and how he seemed. “How you doing?”
It had been a month and Dean still wasn’t used to this. To rolling over in bed and seeing Cas next to him. Usually awake, but sometimes asleep. It was interesting, seeing him sleep. Angels didn’t need it but Cas claimed to enjoy it. If he were being honest with himself, Dean didn’t think he’d ever get used to this. Of being able to finally kiss Cas whenever the feeling struck him, which was pretty damn often. Of being with Cas and doing anything and everything either could dream of.
There it was. A little over halfway through the book, once the writer had finished tooting their own horn. It was written as a parable and the writer had mentioned they’d gotten the story from an old beggar everyone around her had claimed was mad. She claimed she was given visions. This story, or so she claimed, came from an entity that was given a task by God. Its duty was to hold that which died that had nowhere else to go.
So this was it. It felt serious, something that would take a miracle to survive. And there were no more miracles, no more healing hands and concerned blue eyes and a soft gravelly voice. And some part of Dean was okay with that while the rest of him screamed internally at the time now going to be cut short.
Once back in the bunker, Dean beelined for the kitchen. A set of footsteps followed him, so quiet Dean didn't think he would have heard them unless he was listening for them. He grabbed two beers out of the fridge, opening them both with a careless ease. Then he turned to Cas and held one out. Wordlessly, Cas took it but didn't drink. Instead, he only watched Dean.
The twins, Connor and Elizabeth, were born on a dark night speckled with stars. Everyone fell in love with them immediately. Now, when hunters came to visit, many came with baby gifts. And nearly all of them spent a little time playing with the babies.
It took surprisingly little convincing to get Sam and Eileen on board. They’d shared a significant look with each other, their hands flashing through signs a little too quickly for Dean to read. Then Eileen had grinned and Sam had chuckled and that was that. They were going.
Whatever he was going to say next was swallowed as Dean leaned up and kissed him. As Dean traced the seam of his lips with his tongue, Cas slid the tip of his finger into Dean. He waited, throwing himself into the kiss. Then, when he allowed Dean to slip his tongue into his mouth, Cas pushed his finger further inside. They both moaned, the kiss growing hungry.
Dean slowed, turning the radio off as he stared down the road. It was on a road like this one, with fall trees displaying gorgeous foliage, that he’d once hallucinated Cas walking down. When the angel had still been trapped in Purgatory, when Dean still had believed he’d failed to get him out, he’d seen Cas here because he’d wanted him to be here so desperately.
“I never got to tell him, Sam. I never got a chance to tell him how I felt. And now he’s gone and I gotta get him back and I’m not finding
Now their room was filled with quiet breaths, whispered endearments, and the shuffle of cloth on skin. Cas’s hands roamed over Dean’s side and hip, nails trailing over the ticklish spots. Each time earned a huffing laugh from Dean. At the same time, Dean’s palms traveled over Cas’s back, mapping each and every line of muscle. Then, when Cas shifted his hips a little to help him move easier, his knee pressed harder into Dean’s erection. Dean dug his fingers into Cas’s shoulders and groaned out his name.
“Pack it up, Sammy, we got an angel to save,” Dean said, his blood singing with hope and adrenaline.
“The woman who told it said she was given visions by God. That God had a dark entity that helped him, kept his children in its realm when they died,” Dean said. He watched Meg’s face carefully, seeing a thread of curiosity in it.
It wasn't until the adrenaline faded and the relief dimmed a little that he realized something was wrong. Very wrong. There was a weight in his chest, thin silver slivers of pain radiating from a point on his back. It was hard to breathe and any motion of his body brought a pain so intense, his eyesight narrowed to a black tunnel.
“Don’t feel the same?” Dean echoed, his mouth dropping open. “Cas, I didn’t have any time to process what you were saying at the time but how can you say I don’t feel the same? How do you know?”
Then, of course, another reception at Rocky’s Bar. While Dean had only wanted his closest family around him for the ceremony, he wanted everyone at the party. So, much like Sam and Eileen’s wedding, the bar was full of well wishers and people having a good time. And if he and Cas snuck out to the Impala halfway through the night, no one blamed them. Though quite a few smirks, and a few twenties, were exchanged.
"Ah, right, your angel," Meg laughed. She held her hand in a fist, thrust it out to the side, and opened it. There, a short distance away, Cas stood.
“I know,” Dean replied smugly, digging his fork into one of the peach slices and eating it. “It’s delicious too. But fair’s fair, man. You took the last slice of cherry.”
Another rumble of footsteps mixed with loud yells interrupted Dean. He watched as Meg's whole body flinched this time and she pressed her palm to her forehead. And, though his heart was pounding a mile a minute, he found the courage to step forward, give her a confident grin he's had way too much practice at, and pull out the folded piece of paper with the poem on it. He was careful to keep it folded so Meg couldn't see what was on it.
For the space of ten full breaths, Meg just stared at him. She went completely still, not even appearing to breathe. Then again, did a creature like the Empty even need to breathe? She didn’t even blink as she stared and Dean shifted a little under the intensity of it. Finally, she looked away to glare down at Cas’s body.
Cas grunted then his mouth opened wide. Blue-white light streamed from his open mouth and his eyes, curling into a ball in Meg’s hand. It went on for a few moments then the light stopped. Cas slumped against Dean and would have fallen if Dean hadn’t wrapped an arm around his waist.
Reverently, gently, Dean picked up the jacket. He cradled it to his chest for a moment, staring down at the blood. Then he left the room to go find Sam. He and Eileen were in the map room, having taken one of the tables to set up the spell. As Dean walked up and took a seat at the table, Sam dropped a piece of dark gray rock into a bowl that already had a few other ingredients in it. He murmured something in another language and the rock started to glow.
“Goodbye Castiel. I hope I never see either of you again,” Meg said before she and the throne faded away.
The day of the wedding, the Winchesters, Cas, Jody, Donna, Claire, Kaia, and Alex trooped into the courthouse. There, Jack met them, beaming at his extended family. Sam and Eileen were married in a simple civil ceremony, exchanging rings and kissing to the whistling and cheers from their family. The reception was held at Rocky’s Bar, the place full to bursting with friends and family.
“Are you sure you want to be bound to me?” he asked quietly, looking down. Not wanting to see Cas’s face. Not wanting to see it if Cas changed his mind. “It sounds pretty permanent.”
“That’s the thing,” Sam replied, looking at Eileen. She nodded at him encouragingly. “Look, we have nearly all the ingredients right here. It’s pretty simple, magic-wise.”
Dean and Cas were partnered, of course, as were Sam and Eileen. The four of them stalked through the building in silent concert, using sign language to communicate as needed. But even with how careful and vigilant they were, no one saw the vamp that suddenly threw himself at Dean.
But it was enough. Because Dean was leaning forward, pulling Cas’s face towards him. He watched him the entire time, making sure he wasn’t making a mistake, wasn’t doing something unwanted. And then he closed that final space between them, his lips meeting Cas’s in a kiss that Dean had imagined every time his eyes had flicked down to Cas’s mouth.
“I’m surprised God told anyone about me and my function,” Meg said, her lips turning into a scowl before she smoothed her expression. “Go on.”
Then he felt the tugging around his middle. He held tight to Cas as the spell pulled both of them through the rip. They steadied each other as the rip closed. Then, they were standing together in the storage room, Dean’s arm around Cas’s waist and Cas’s arm around his shoulders. The last time they’d been here, Cas had confessed his love to Dean and been taken by the Empty. Dean caught his breath at the memory.
Turning, Dean saw Sam and Eileen both hugging Cas. His arms are wrapped around both of them. Something loosened in Dean’s chest and he dropped the paper he was still holding. As it hit the floor, the slight noise caught Cas’s attention. Breaking the hug, Cas turned to Dean while Sam and Eileen took a step back. A grin pulled Dean’s lips wide as all he could do was stare at Cas. His Cas.
Now, that pain was still there but hope burned alongside it. Now, there was a chance to make that pain disappear. Dean took a deep breath, bowing his head in a quick moment of not-quite-prayer. Every night, before crawling into a bottle, he prayed to Cas. Every night, he promised to get him back. He promised it again, here and now, and pushed the door open.
Though they were asked, they both agreed not to go out on hunts until Dean had either worked through his grief or found a way to rescue Cas. Sam didn’t feel okay with leaving him on his own. So they offered what help they could in research and knowledge. And when the odd hunter or two passing through needed a place to stay, the bunker was always open.
“Either way,” Dean cut in, “they’re killing people and it’s gotta stop. We can hash over the why’s later. Let’s saddle up.”
"Hey Cas," Dean said, coughing again as he spoke. A fleck of blood landed on his lip. "I could use some help."
“I mean, you don’t have to,” Dean shrugged, deliberately nonchalant. “I mean, I could eat it all myself...”
He looked up at Dean, his eyes going dark with sympathy. Putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder, Sam continued, “I don’t have anything of Cas, Dean. No grace, no feathers, no hair, nothing. Without that, I can’t make this spell work. And it’s the only one I’ve found that I think has a chance of working.”
“Your words helped me and Sam fight Chuck. Helped us be more than he originally planned us to be. Planned me to be. I wasn’t just a killer, just a blunt instrument designed for violence and death,” Dean explained. He scooted a little closer on the bench seat, unaware of moving as he tried to make Cas understand what his words had meant. “Because of you, we saved the world. You saved the world, Cas, by loving me. You saved
More bottles, one harder than the beers he’d drunk yesterday. Dean glanced around the kitchen, wondering if he was hungry. But his stomach twisted at the thought and nausea clawed at the back of this throat. Hair of the dog, then. Dean wove his way back to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him with finality. Then he proceeded to crawl to the bottom of all the bottles he’d brought with him.
A distance away, a disturbance kicked up. Raised voices for just a moment, distorted enough to be unable to make out words. Meg visibly flinched, her eyes narrowing. She tried to hide the reaction behind another sip of wine but Dean caught it. His own eyes narrowed as he stepped forward again.
"Oh yeah, lots of people following the rules," Dean drawled, gesturing at the encompassing darkness around them. "Rather busy in here for a place that's supposed to be so quiet."
As he looked up, preparing himself to go through the rip again, it shrank into itself and disappeared. Huffing out a breath, Dean couldn’t help the relieved smile or quiet chuckle that escaped him. He hadn’t found Cas yet but he would keep searching until he did. He had a way in now.
So that’s exactly what they did. A few of the older hunters jokingly referred to the bunker and the Winchesters as Bobby 2.0. But while they joked, they were grateful for the help. Sam and Eileen continued to hunt as needed, Sam even continuing to learn and use magic. Always carefully, always without harming the innocent. Magic was another tool, one that was incredibly useful. And Sam was good at it.
He looked down at himself, over at Cas, and back down at his chest. A curious certainty settled into his mind, one that he didn’t want to fight. It went against everything he’d been taught to be but he didn’t care. Like his relationship with Cas, it felt right.
The briefing was quick. They had a location on the vamp nest, thanks to Donna, and they had a rough idea of how many vamps were in it. The thing that took longer was tactics and the question of why? Why so many vamps in one nest? Why were they all congregating? And why did they pick a location so close to a hunter?
While Dean didn’t run to his room, he didn’t dawdle either. His room had mostly become a physical representation of his grief. There were empty bottles littered over the desk and spilling onto the floor. There were a few half-empty mugs of stone cold coffee, evidence of the few times Sam had brought him some. Next to the bottles on the desk was a messy stack of papers that contained the sum total of Dean’s research before finding the book. Clothes were strewn about the room and the covers were haphazardly pulled over the bed. Only the nightstand on the right side of the bed was clean and empty. In short, it was a mess.
Though life was known for changes. A year and a half after they got married, Eileen announced they were expecting. Twins. It was a huge change, for everyone, but it was a good one. Sam spent the pregnancy alternating between terrified and proud. They decided to buy a house a little outside town, not wanting to raise the kids in the bunker.
Finally, Dean rubbed a hand up and down Cas’s back, tracing the line of him through the trench coat, and started to move. Reluctantly, for both of them, they parted. Cas took a step back, angling his body slightly away from Dean. All Dean could do was stare at Cas, his body language completely open and focused on him.
Timeless moments passed as they kissed. It was unhurried, warm, and full of all the words that had been unspoken between them for too long. The most important ones, though, had finally made their way past barriers caused by fear. That was enough for now. It was a good foundation to build on. They broke the kiss to lean their foreheads together, their breaths mingling in the shared space between them.
As the final truth settled into his mind, soft as a feather and heavy as a mountain, rage filled him. Red darkened the edges of his vision and Dean found himself up and running before he even knew he was moving. An eyeblink later, or so it seemed, found him in the storage room they’d been in. Where they’d tried to hunker down away from Billie. Where the Empty had taken Cas. With a scream, Dean picked up the chair sitting in the center of the devil’s trap and swung it at the wall the Empty had appeared on. Over and over and over, tears streaming down his face and heart-wrenching screams boiling in his chest.
“Hate to break this up,” Dean said, waiting until Eileen looked at him to continue, “but I need some help.”
“So it’s true?” Dean asked, hope flaring in his chest. “Shouldn’t Cas get to make the decision if he’s willing to make the sacrifice? Why don’t you wake him up and ask him?”
Dean shook his head sharply, dispelling the echoes of his crying. It was time to do something about the Empty taking Cas. He glanced around the room, trying to decide where to stand. In the open? Or against the wall? There wasn’t much in the story about getting to the Empty’s realm. Just the little tidbit about getting in and making a sacrifice if one wanted to get out. Finally, shrugging, Dean moved to stand by the wall where the Empty had appeared. Stood to reason the entity had come into the world here so it might be easier to get to its realm from here.
Dean wakes up to Castiel making small sounds while dreaming. They moved to Dean’s bedroom in the middle of the night after falling asleep for a short while on the couch. Dean untangles himself from Cas and quietly heads to the kitchen to make them breakfast. There, he discovers a note on the kitchen table. The note reads ‘on a run and running an errand- Sam.’ Sam sometimes goes running on nice mornings, and he always goes running before seeing Eileen. Probably nerves or excitement, he thinks.
“Sure,” Sam agrees. “Oh Jack called this morning, he’s still hunting with Claire and Donna hunting some werewolf mob thing in Jersey.”
“Cas! Good morning! Claire and Donna and I finished our case last night and um, we think we found one of the blades you guys were looking for.”
“Oh. Um… Sam asked me if I like you and I said, roughly, what you just said,” Cas explains. “Then he asked me if I liked you as more than a friend and I said that you are all my family.”
“Then can I stab you this time?” Dean pauses and stares up in an open-mouthed smirk at Cas. Once he registered what Castiel said, he rushes his hands to the button on Cas’s jeans and quickly discards them, leaving them both in their underwear. He mouths at Castiel’s inner thighs, fingers teasing the tops of his underwear as he notices the growing bulge inside of them and grazes his fingers over it. Cas breathes in sharply at the intimate touch. Dean pauses, needing an answer to a question. He looks up to Castiel’s face, seeing only pleasure painted there. But he still needs to hear an answer.
“You’ll feel better soon, babe, I promise,” he reassures the angel and strokes his cheek. Castiel starts fidgeting and his eyes start to tear up. “Come here, angel,” Dean says softly and Castiel leaves his chair and curls up on the hunter’s lap. He wraps his arms around Dean's neck and sighs into his shoulder.
“That's my phone,” Cas says with his face buried in the pillow. He pulls the blanket tighter around him.
“Cas, um… the fight broke out because my dad saw me kissing a guy outside our motel room.” Dean grabs two beers out of the fridge and hands one to Cas. “I was 19, he was 22 I think and he was staying in the room a few doors down from ours and I thought dad wouldn’t be home for another day or so. Anyway, dad pulled up and saw us, he grabbed me and threw me into our motel room and started going off. I tried- I tried to calm him down. He kept saying he didn’t raise… he didn’t raise me this way and I tried to make excuses but he just…” Dean puts his head in his hands, Cas hurries over to comfort him. Cas kisses the exposed part of Dean’s neck and rubs his shoulders.
“Just watch!” Sam places the laptop on the table and presses play on a video. It’s a voiceover of Greek text from a book that looks like it could disintegrate from a light summer’s breeze.
“So go ask him! The poor thing is not getting any better snoozing away over there,” Rowena says and gestures to the sleeping angel.
“Oh, hell yes,” Dean mumbles through kisses onto Castiel’s mouth. He backs them up to the bed and sits Cas on the mattress, straddling him. Dean fiddled with Castiel’s shirt, pulling it over his head. Cas does the same with Dean’s shirt. “What do you want, Cas?” Dean meets Castiel’s sky eyes. They were full of want, full of hunger.
“Apparently my son had an eye for art,” she says, dryly. “You should have seen the place before I hired a decorator.” She gives them a tour of the rest of the house.
“Uh, I guess I’m just worried about you,” Dean moves Cas’s hand off of the rag and cleans the wound before beginning to stitch it up. He takes the needle and bends down to sew up the gash. Dean's fingers lightly brush Castiel’s hip bone a few more times than necessary.   Cas starts getting dizzy and places one hand on the table and one hand on Dean's shoulder to steady himself. “Cas, you good?”
“Let me help you, teach me how to cook!” Cas requests with a smile. A few minutes later, Dean is standing behind Castiel with his hands over the angels and showing him how to flip pancakes. They sit down to eat when the food is done.
“Well, I figured since you’re in my bed I would just go sleep in your room,” Dean says, still soaking in the fact that Castiel was in his bed and under his sheets.
“Okay just- just stay there and don’t move. I’ll grab more beer,” He walks toward the kitchen. “Do you need anything else?”
“Your eyes are like the Earth, but your freckles are stars. It's a beautiful contradiction that works well for you. You are grounded, but you’ve done and seen incredible things. You are incredible.” Dean blushes.
“Or we could do a, what do they call it? A ‘couples thing’ with Sam and Eileen, maybe bring Jack and Claire and celebrate your brother’s engagement-”
“I’m sorry I- I was trying to keep it together, I didn’t want to worry you further.” Dean holds Castiel tight against his chest and lets the back of his hair.
“I’m human and healed, so the spell worked, thank you both,” Cas answers. “Um, Rowena, you forgot to mention something about the spell.” He turns around in his chair and lifts the back of his shirt, revealing the tattoo wings.
“‘Was that okay?’” When Dean can finally think of something other than Cas’s name, he pulls Cas in and kisses him hard. “It was more than okay! Did you even hear me?” Dean laughs, rubbing his nose against Cas’s.
“Cas, they’re beautiful.” Dean reaches out a hand and gently touches the feathers. They are soft, so soft. His feathers are dark, almost black, but in the light, they look like every color all at once. Like oil reflecting a rainbow. “Gorgeous.” Castiel’s face turns a slight shade of red. Dean runs his hand across the feathers until he reaches the tip of his wing. Cas shudders slightly. “You okay?”
“Well, I’ve got jack with a side of squat,” Dean concludes from his research. “We’ve been going through books all afternoon with nothing.” He stands up from his chair and walks over to the table with the blade. He stares at it, leaning closer.
“Too dumb? Or just waiting for the right moment?” Cas raises an eyebrow and pulls Dean closer to him, eyes glancing to his lips. Dean takes the hint and moves in.
“He probably wouldn’t have been able to make heads or tails of you, Cas,” Dean realizes, imagining how entertaining it would have been if Cas had met their father.
“Yes, please. This is really starting to get to me, Dean,” Cas whispers, looking at the hunter. Dean can see the pain in the angel's eyes. He notices Sam and Rowena have disappeared. Dean places a hand on the side of Castiel’s face and softly kisses his lips.
“Oh wait!” Dean gets up from the table and heads to the fridge. “You gotta try this, Sam never lets me do it!” He takes a bottle of whipped cream out of the fridge and squirts some on Castiel's pancakes, then on his. “Try it!” Cas takes a bite, then nods in approval and lets out a small moan. Dean scoots his chair next to the angels. “Sounds like you like whipped cream more than my kisses.” Dean smirks. Cas raises an eyebrow and shoots Dean a mischievous look. Then, he pulls the hunter into a deep kiss by the collar of his shirt. Castiel pulls back, leaving Dean a little stunned.
“I’m feeling a little better, less disoriented,” Cas says as Dean slides some bacon onto his and Castiel’s plates. “I still can’t heal myself yet and when I move wrong something hurts.”
“That was awesome!” Dean smiles as he turns off Baby’s ignition after returning home from a hunt. “That might have been the biggest nest of vamps we've ever taken down.”
“He was gone for over two days,” Sam reminds his brother, his face showing a hint of concern. “You don’t remember? You didn’t get out of bed on the first day. On the second day, Bobby picked us up and hauled us back to his place. I guess dad called him and that’s why he came for us but dad probably didn’t say much to him. Bobby was trying to figure out what happened but you refused to talk.”
“Here, throw on these sweatpants, they are soft and shouldn't bother your stitches. I'll wash your clothes later since they are drenched in blood,” Dean tosses Castiel a pair of his sweatpants to go with his Led Zeppelin shirt that Cas is already wearing. Cas tosses his black slacks on a chair and pulls on the pants as Dean laces up his boots.
“Well, I guess we will find out,” Dean says with a slight smile. He walks to the bar cart, takes the decanter and two glasses, and pours a drink for him and Cas at the table. “Drink up.” Dean raises his glass and motions ‘cheers’ to Cas. The two friends drank and talked as the decanter emptied and the bottles piled up.
“It’s something about this specific time when your hair is still messy from sleeping and before the weight of worlds hit you.” Cas reached across the table to grab another piece of bacon. “I noticed it a while ago. That’s why I liked making your coffee every morning, so I could stare at you.” He smiles at Dean.
“Yeah sure, I’ll meet you in the kitchen,” Dean replies. He held his breath as he heard Sams boots trail down the hall.
“It’s a pretty ring, you did good. I think she’ll love it!” Dean smiles at his brother, the worry slowly disappearing from his face. “Are you gonna pop the question when you see her this weekend?”
“Good morning to you too,” Dean mumbles as Sam refills his coffee mug with a shaky hand. “Dude how long have you been up?”
“Try weeks, these blades are tricky and powerful,” she pauses. “In fact, so is the spell. I should probably-“ the line goes dead.
“Not necessarily,” Sam says. “We could always try a summoning spell, we’ve done them for other gods before.”
“He's not your father, he knows about other males you've been with, so what makes me any different?” Cas sounds slightly hurt, his eyes don’t meet Deans.
“Well, sort of. There is no need for them to manifest, but they can,” Cas explains and tosses his shirt to the side. “Dean, um, you might want to move.” Dean quickly moves to give Cas room. The angel rolls his shoulders back and his eyes burn blue. A pair of large, dark wings appear. They stretch out and up, almost brushing the high ceiling. Unable to stop himself, Dean walks forward towards Cas, speechless.
“Then I’ll grab more of that from the kitchen,” Dean says and takes the medical supplies to the sink and washes his hands. “Are you still hurting a lot?”
“Yeah she’s finishing up a haunting in Monticello, then she’s headed to Colorado Springs.” Sam starts handing Dean clean plates to dry off. “I was actually thinking of driving out to meet her this weekend to work the case with her, but if we’re wrapped up in this Pagan god-blade-thing then-“
“I just don’t understand why these blades resurfaced all of a sudden,” Sam wonders and looks back down at the lore book. “We still don’t know how the vamps got their hands on that blade.”
“Weird,” Dean says. “It's kinda hot though.” He smirks and lowers his head to kiss down the side of Castiel’s neck. Cas gives Dean a sly smile through the mirror.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” Dean whispers, smiling at Castiel. He reaches a hand over to push a rogue piece of hair off of his angel's face.
“Yeah, eventually probably,” Dean responds, pulling on a shirt from his dresser drawer. “But, maybe we should figure out what this is first.” He looks over to the angel, hoping he didn’t take his words the wrong way. Things are different between them now, good different. And he wants to keep it that way.
“Oh, no I… I don’t really remember much about it besides being scared,” Cas thinks, slightly pulling away from the hunter. “And um, I think it was about the blade.”
“Yeah but it’s fine, I’m hungry anyway,” Cas replies. “What were you and Sam fighting about, and don’t say ‘nothing’ because I can tell it’s bothering you. You’re practically shaking.” Dean turns to face Castiel and kisses his cheek.
Cas attempts to move them around, but only now realizes how small the couch actually is. Dean almost falls, Cas catches him of course, but their laughter dissolves the hot and heavy mood. Looking at Dean smiling makes Cas feel like the luckiest angel in all of Heaven and Earth.
“Well, I finally understand why humans are obsessed with sex.” Dean laughs. “Can we do it again tonight?”
“Have you found your suits?” Frank makes his way over to Dean and Cas. They hold up the suits they chose to show the man. “Ah, those are handsome pieces! Follow me to the dressing rooms. You need to make sure those fit well enough, then Theodora and I can mark them to be tailored.” The boys follow Frank to the back of his shop where six dressing rooms are. Frank opens the first dressing room for Cas and the one right next to it for Dean. Dean quickly dresses in his suit and walks out of his room to knock on Castiel’s door.
“I forgot how good these taste,” Cas says, closing his eyes and enjoying the first bites of his pancakes.
“Alright fine,” Agrees Sam. “But we are talking about this later.” They spend the rest of the ride to the warehouse in silence. The boys finally pull up and arm themselves from the trunk. They walk into the dark, rundown warehouse where they had just been slaying vampires the night before.
“No, Dean just listen-” Cas tries to stand up but is still unsteady on his feet. He ends up dropping to the floor, trying to catch himself with a shaky hand on the table.
“Sam’s home.” Dean scoots his chair back to its place. “I can’t wait till he goes to see Eileen and we get the place to ourselves,” Dean whispers to Cas. Sam walks into the kitchen with his phone to his ear. He waves to Dean and Cas as he places a bag on the table.
“Dean!” Cas shuts his eyes and takes a breath. “What did you say when Sam asked if you like me?” He looks up at Dean, his hand still tight around Dean’s wrist.
“I don’t know, honey,” Cas replies, wearing a sly smile. “I might like your kisses just a little bit more.” Dean dips a finger in the whipped cream on his plate and wipes it on Castiel's nose. They both smile and laugh as Dean dodges a whipped cream counter-attack from the other. “You’re cute in the mornings,” Cas states as he returns to his food.
“Yeah that's a good idea,” Sam replies. “We should probably head over there right away.” He gets up to help Dean clean up. “Cas, why don’t you hang back here since you’re still recovering and do some more research on the Blades of the Heathens while Dean and I go back to the warehouse? I left the rest of my notes in the library if you want to use them.” Cas nods and reaches across the table to read the book Sam was showing them earlier.
“Interesting,” Rowena remarks, analyzing the markings on Castiel’s back. Cas pulls his shirt back down. “Well, you’re no regular angel, my dear. I wonder if your wings held such power that to keep them as a human, they needed to physically manifest in some way.”
“Yeah, I did,” Cas looks down at his plate and gently rubs his leg against Deans under the table. “I slept great.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Dean agrees, sounding disappointed. He takes a rag out of their weapons bag and picks up and wraps the blade in it. “One down, two to go.”
“Ready, honey?” Cas asks, smiling as he used the nickname for the first time. He takes Dean's hand and they walk to the kitchen holding hands as far as they can get without Sam seeing them.
“Dean,” Cas pulls away from the kiss, quickly nipping Dean’s bottom lip. He stares into the other’s green eyes. “Would you like to be in flagrante delicto with me?”
“Well, I guess we’d better go suit shopping,” Dean says. Luckily, Sam finds a small suit shop in the next town over, it closes in a few hours. Sam suggests they should go now so they have the suits in time for Rowena’s party. “Are you up for this, Cas? I mean, you just became human again less than an hour ago.”
Sam and Rowena get caught up in the library and with some time to kill before their godly guests arrive, Dean takes the opportunity to lead Cas into a sitting room. Before he gets a chance to make a move, Cas sits on a loveseat and pulls Dean on top of him, and kisses him. The suits are a little restricting, but not enough to make them stop. Cas kisses Dean like he needs to taste him in order to breathe. And Dean loves it. Tongues brush against each other and teeth tease lips. Cas really does taste like heaven, Dean thinks.
“Hi, Jack!” Cas says. Dean always likes to watch Castiel's face when he talks to their kid. The angel always looks so proud of Jack.
“Ooh,  Givenchy!” Dean says at the same time as his brother, Sam looks at him and scrunches his eyebrows together, looking confused. Rowena winks at Dean then answers Sam's question.
“You aren’t an angel at the moment, dear. They won’t know,” Rowena assures him. Dean hooks his foot around Castiel’s ankle under the table. Cas loves their quiet, hidden touches. Rowena stands up. “Well, boys, I’d best be going. I still need to figure out which dress I will be wearing for tomorrow night. I’m deciding between this metallic-silk Givenchy dress or this lovely lace Dior gown-”
“My phone? Yeah uh, Cas you gotta let me up unless you just want to wait for it to go to voicemail.” Cas sighs then rolls over. Dean checks his nightstand but his phone isn’t there. Then he gets up and searches the room for his jeans from yesterday, thinking that's the most likely place his phone would be. The ringing stops. Then a different phone starts ringing.
“Okay Cas, babe, you’ve been watching too many movies, and I’m one to talk,” Dean makes his way over to Castiel, lifts his chin up, and places their foreheads together. “I don’t know if we will ever have time to travel, actually scratch that we’ve been all across the States together so that’s gotta count for something.” Cas smiles and rubs their noses together. “Why don’t we start with a date, I’ll cook something special and we’ll stay in since you’re still on the mend.”
“That's good at least,” Dean replies. “Maybe in the morning you will be able to heal yourself up.” Cas nods. “Are you tired at all?”
again, sorry im not being more consistent with posting, im working on it I promise. I hope you enjoyed this chapter, I have a lot in store for the next one! please comment and tell me what you think!
“Hows Cas doin’?” Sam interrupts as he walks back into the room with the items Dean requested. “Are you sure you don’t want help?”
“They are called ‘The Blades of the Heathens,’ correct?” Castiel asks, finishing the eggs on his plate. Sam shakes his head yes. “‘Heathen’ is another word for Pagan, maybe the old Pagan Gods are behind the blades. We had heard rumors of weapons like these in Heaven, but that was years ago.”
“Yeah, Cas is just helping me with my tie,” Dean replies as Castiel’s teeth graze his neck and tug at his bowtie. Cas finishes getting dressed after ‘accidentally’ marking up Dean’s collar bone and they walk to find Theodora and Frank. Dean and Cas stand on two platforms in front of a mirror and chat with the De Luca’s. Sam comes out a few minutes later in a black suit with a (ruby) red vest.
“Good night, Dean,” Cas lifts his head up and softly kisses Dean's cheek. In response, Dean pulls Cas closer to him.
“Thanks, they were nasty about everything so it’s not like this was any different. For a few years, I didn’t even know what their comments or remarks meant. But, once I figured it out… it hurt.” Cas leans his head on Dean’s shoulder and takes his hand. They sit there as Dean whispers sweet things into Cas’s ear.
“Hey, Cas? Um, how do you have feathers? I thought your wings were just like, shadows,” Dean questions, then his eyes go wide. “Do you have full-blown feathery wings?”
“Dean, stop. Just let me say this one thing and I won’t bring it up again okay?” Sam pleads with Dean.
“You haven’t dealt with gods like these before,” she warns him. “They aren’t evil, they aren’t cruel. Unless they have to be. These are the gods people haven’t forgotten about, they still have power. Pagans and witches still worship them to this day. That’s why I need to be on good terms with them.” Rowena gives them all the once over. “Dean, fix your tie. Everyone ready?” Cas fixes Dean’s tie, Sam nods at Rowena.
“Yeah, he got a ring and everything. He doesn’t know when he's gonna pop the question, guess he’s just waiting for the right moment.”
The atmosphere in the room moves from uneasy and tension-filled to focused. Sam, Cas, and Dean remember what they are here to do and the events from earlier slowly move to the back of their minds as they are reminded of the long night ahead of them. Worry sets in as they wonder how their meeting with Persephone and Hades is going to play out.
“You got something to say?” Dean whispers from the back. His and Cas’s fingers were still laced together, masked in the darkness.
Dean helps Cas back to his room, and he puts Castiel’s feather in a safe place. He lends Cas more clothes, jeans, and a black tee-shirt this time. Dean notices that he likes dressing Cas and decides that he is going to find what Castiel’s style is beyond the trench coat, which is hard because Cas looks good in everything.
“Amazing Dean, that was- I’ve never-” Cas can’t even find the words. Dean looks over to find Cas staring at him, wearing a satisfied smile.
“Shut up, man. It’s for Eileen,” Sam’s cheeks go slightly red. “I know we can’t really get married since we’re both legally dead, but the gesture, you know? Um, do you like the ring? I saw it when I was running past a vintage jewelry store in town and I thought it was perfect. I had it sized with one of her rings that she left on my dresser.”
The boys eat dinner in a better mood after their conversation. After talking about what Jack was up to with the girls in Jersey, Sam shares something he found while cleaning up after researching.
“I don’t want anything else but you Dean, wherever you want to go I’ll go with you. Whatever you want to do, I’ll do it with you.” Dean hugged Cas so tightly and didn’t want to let go when Cas pulled back. “Wait, was that a marriage proposal?” Cas asked, head tilt and all.
“Shut up,” Sam laughs. “You should take your own advice, dude. ‘Don’t overthink it, don’t make it complicated,’” Sam quotes his brother. “I know you didn’t need Cas to help you with your tie this afternoon, you’ve been tieing both of our ties since you were 14. I see you and Cas getting cozy with each other-”
They sit on the couch, Dean and Cas mere inches from one another. Throughout the movie, Dean passes Castiel different foods to try. He loves the honey chicken but doesn't like anything with pork. He likes the egg rolls, but he’s confused about the sweet and sour sauce.
“Oh, Samuel,” Rowena coos. “You sweet boy.” Just then, Cas and Dean make their way into the living room. Dean looks uneasy, they both look a little messy. “So, cats out of the bag, eh boys? Or, the closet I guess would be a more appropriate expression in this case-”
“Oh, I don’t remember that,” Dean responds, turning back to the stove to finish up dinner. “I don’t think dad talked to me for weeks after that, until not talking to me almost got you killed on that job in St. Louis.”
“No, I don’t mean Sam. Like, other hunters and other creatures. The angels already didn’t approve of my relationship with you, and that was before we got together. They always made nasty comments and rude suggestions and Naomi well… she was one of the worst ones. And I’m sure some hunters will have an issue with it and- and they-” Castiel’s breathing quickens and he slides down to the floor. Dean flies over to him before Cas even hits the ground.
“Yes, it’s… Hell adjacent, kind of like Purgatory. It’s more of a collection of souls who don’t worship God and follow other religions, like pagans. I’m not sure what it’s like down there, I’ve never been.”
“No, I’m okay except for a cut on my neck,” Sam speaks through a yawn. “If you’re good, I’m gonna go to bed. Yell if you need me.”
“I don’t think we will make it, my room is closer.” Dean finds the door to his room and leads Castiel inside. “You can sleep here tonight.” He lowers Cas onto his bed and sits him up against the headboard. Dean turns to his dresser and digs out a faded Led Zeppelin t-shirt. “Put this on,” He says and hands the shirt to Cas, and the angel slips off his bloodied, tattered shirt. Dean then kneels down and takes off Castiel’s shoes. Cas can’t help himself and runs his fingers through Deans’ hair.
After making their bed, messing it up again, and remaking it, Dean and Cas find their way into the kitchen. Cas sets the table, Dean fries the bacon.
“No, it’s fine.” Dean clears his throat. “Then Sam came in, saw what was going on, and started yelling at dad for yelling at me. Dad threw an empty bottle of whatever at my head, missed, then grabbed the keys and stormed out. He left and didn’t come back for another day. That uh- it kinda fucked me up for a while.”
“I didn’t know the angels were nasty to you, I’m sorry that happened,” Dean says. “If you ever want to talk about it, we can.”
“At the moment, I am not great,” Cas confesses. “But I trust you will make me better.” He squeezes Dean's shoulder slightly as he winces again. “I believe I am feeling human pain like I did when I lost my wings. And my thoughts are in disarray.”
Later in the day, the boys once again had the library covered in books. Cas fell asleep on an open book. He looks cute, Dean thinks. With his hair a little messed up…
“I’d say you look like you just saw a ghost, but there are spirits all over this house so you probably did,” Rowena says cooly, interrupting Sam’s thoughts from her pose on the velvet couch.
“They were once more powerful than archangels, as powerful as God,” Cas explains. “They get their ‘mojo’ as you say from those who worship them. With the unseating of paganism and the prominence of Christianity, they would never have the power to create anything like that now.”
“Well the spell will heal Castiel physically, he won’t be in any pain. But… he will be human until he is healed metaphysically,” Rowena explains. “You see the blades don’t just damage the vessel, they damage the angel and their grace. Castiel's grace will lie dormant until it heals itself.”
“Well, hello to you too,” Dean smirks, leaning into Cas’s lips. His mouth feels warm on Dean’s neck and his arms around him make Dean feel secure. “I think Sam is getting suspicious.”
After a few moments, they gather themselves, take each other’s hand, and walk as close to the kitchen as possible before dropping their hands; their pinkies remained touching. They find Sam and Rowena drinking tea and talking quietly, the couple joins them at the table.
“I made him try calamari,” A distant voice that sounds like Claire’s says. “It didn’t end well.” She laughs.
“You didn’t feel it?” Sam questions. Cas shakes his head ‘no’ and winces again as Dean takes another look as his wound.
“Dean I can do it myself,” Cas goes to take the needle from Dean and ends up almost falling off the table before Dean steadies him.
Rowena assists the boys with the spell but something unexpected happens with it. She then lets them know how she can help them with finding Hades. Dean discovers Cas likes formalwear... a lot.
“Yes?” Dean replies, confused. Sam takes a small box out of his jacket pocket and hands it to Dean. He opens the small box and a shiny diamond ring sits inside. It's a dainty gold band with delicate detailing. A single stone sits flat on the band. “Sam, I already told you I wouldn’t marry you until-”
“I guess we just have to keep an eye on the area,” Dean replies. “Hey, thanks for the help out there Cas. It’s nice having you on hunts, they never expect an angel.” Castiel gets out of the backseat, but stumbles and falls against Baby.
The boys arrive at De Luca’s Fine Suits. Dean made Sam sit in the back so he could lace his fingers with Castiel’s while he drove.
“Are you gonna be okay while we’re gone?” Dean asks, running his hand through the side of Castiel’s hair.
“I’m not sure, like I said I don’t remember much,” Cas replies. “It’s probably still at the vamps nest though, if someone hasn’t found it.”
“I’ve been thinking about this since we were in the changing rooms, you looked so good in that suit,” Cas confesses, through soft moans caused by Dean’s lips on his skin. “Well, actually I’ve been thinking about this all afternoon, I think being human has made me less tolerant to certain… urges.”
“It's not that I don't want him to know, it's just…” Dean sighs, unable to form his thoughts into words. He honestly doesn’t know what’s stopping him from telling his brother.
“Cas! Are you okay?” Dean sits up and leans over to make sure Castiel’s stitches haven't come undone. “You’re okay, you’re okay. The stitches are still intact.” He leans back on his elbow. “No fun stuff until you are better, doctors’ orders.” Dean winks down at Cas.
“Would you- would you want to? Get married and all that.” Cas shrugs, Dean guesses he doesn’t want to answer until he knows what Dean wants. Dean gathers his thoughts. “I mean, I’ve thought about it. Not getting married per se, it's not like we could get legally married since you're an angel and the government thinks I'm dead. I guess the symbolism would be nice but I don’t know. I mean, I’ve thought more about us maybe moving out of the bunker when Sam and Eileen need all the space they can get for their hunter thing.”
After breakfast, Dean gave Castiel more clothes of his to borrow and didn’t plan on telling him that his regular clothes were clean any time soon. He also changed Castiel’s bandages; there was no infection and the wound didn't look any worse.
“Yes.” Dean fills the bath with warm water and Cas strips down to his underwear. His wings fold behind him.
“Good. There is a spell I was working on in the purple leather book. I heard whispers about these Blades of Whatever when I was involved with the Coven. If my memory serves me, the last two ingredients missing are Holy oil and a feather from the hurt angel. You’ll have to pour the ingredients into a bath, light candles, and say the spell.”
“I’ll help clean up but Eileen and I are supposed to video call in a little bit, she wants to go over a case she just got word of in Colorado.” Sam heads to the sink and starts washing the pots and pans.
“Well, if there really are only three of the blades, at least we have two of them and the kids are okay.” Dean breathes a sigh of relief and feels Cas do the same, then he turns his head up and pulls Cas down for a kiss.
“I’m going to make spaghetti and meatballs,” Dean concludes. He knows his brother is right, but he got over a lot of the stuff their dad said a long time ago… more or less.
“How are you feeling after, you know, being sliced open yesterday?” Dean runs his hand down Castiel’s side, looking at his gash. “It looks better at least, still bruised though.”
Dean moves up to straddle Cas’s thighs, Cas grips his hips to keep him there. Dean reaches over to the drawer on his bedside table, blindly fumbling for the tube of lube- which he can’t find.
“First, vamps had a blade. Now werewolves.” Dean turns to Cas. “Where are they finding these things? It’s not every day you just stumble onto a powerful weapon.”
“Rowena, what’s with the sex paintings?” Sam asks the only one out of the three daring too. Although, he barely looked at one for longer than a second before blushing and turning away.
“Cas, I’m in here!” Dean calls back. Castiel comes flying into the kitchen and into Dean’s arms. “Cas, hey! What is it?” Dean hugs him back, he can feel his angel’s nervous breaths.
“This morning, while you were still sleeping,” Castiel stopped talking as his eyes slowly looked away. “Do you think bees-”
“I love you so much too,” Cas whispers. With his back to the rest of the store, he blows Dean a kiss, and Dean beams.
“Do you want to go lay down for a bit?” Asks Dean while still rubbing the angels back. Cas nods and Dean helps him back to his room. Cas sits up on the bed, he lifts up his shirt enough to inspect his stitches. “Sorry about that, I shouldn’t have picked up the blade. How do you feel? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, weird right?” Sam shakes his head. “But I told Donna and Jody to keep an eye out for the other blades.” He walks out of the kitchen and down the hall to his room to prepare for their trip. Dean cleans up the rest of the dishes and slides black into his chair next to Castiel.
The three boys fill Rowena in further on their case pertaining to the Blades. They talk about what they are unsure of and all the questions they have, when Rowena tells them how she can help them find answers.
“Yeah, I guess you're right,” Dean says. “By that logic, what do we call each other? I mean, ‘boyfriend’ sounds kind of lame. We aren’t married so you’re not my husband. ‘Significant other’ takes too long to say-”
The next morning, Cas wakes up listening to the comforting sound of Dean's heartbeat. Dean wakes up with his legs tangled between Castiel’s thighs. He is unbelievably happy. After years of shoving down and ignoring feelings, he is finally waking up next to his love. He knows why he was so adamant about pushing his feelings for Cas away, he has been with men before so he knows his repressed anxieties get the best of him sometimes. Dean knows his brother wouldn’t care, but he didn’t really feel like having that conversation with him… which he now realizes he will eventually have to. But right now all Dean cares about is the angel with bed head curled up in his sheets with him. He wants him, he wants this. He waited so long and now that he has Cas in his arms he never wants to let go
“Of course I will be there, I can’t let you ruin my reputation as Queen now can I?” She smirks. “I must go, goodbye boys!” Rowena pops out of view, the way demons can.
“Not a ghost,” Sam attempts to laugh. He is breathless and his voice is unsure. “Something um, well, I’m not really certain-”
“She’s interviewing someone in the hospital who she thinks is connected to the last few werewolves,” Jack states. “Claire and I are supposed to… um… Claire, what are we supposed to be doing?”
“I believe so,” Cas says as he pushes back his trench coat to reveal a deep wound, a gash running from his chest to his hip. He struggles to stand up again and falls into Dean.
“Sorry kid, I heard you calling but I couldn’t find my phone. Yeah, he is right here, I’ll put you on speaker.” Dean fiddles with Cas’s phone and sits on the bed next to him.
“The stitches hurt but I am in less pain now.” Castiel attempts to slide off of the map table but is still unsteady on his feet, he ends up falling but catches himself on the table. “Ow, ow!”
“What about normal human relationship stuff, like dates and adopting a domestic animal and kissing in the rain and traveling-“
“Yeah maybe. But I found some lore on old Enochian blades, want me to fill you in over breakfast?” Sam asks.
“I want- I want everything… I want you.” Cas caresses Dean’s cheek and kisses him deeply, letting his hands explore Dean’s bare upper body. Dean’s jeans end up on the floor, next to their other discarded clothes. Hands grab everywhere, getting needier and rougher by the second. Small moans of pleasure grow deeper and louder. Lips become reddened and hair turns tousled.
“Okay, you two.” Cas lightly smacks the arm of Dean, who has worked his way between Cas’s legs, sitting between them, leaning against Cas’s chest. “Donna should bring you guys here right away, it’s not safe to have you out with a weapon we know nothing about.”
“You don’t have anything to be sorry for, you just had a bad dream.” Dean wipes the last of the tears from his angel's face. “You okay?”
“Cas, look.” Dean points him to the mirror over the sink. Cas turns around in the mirror to reveal a pair of black wings tattooed on his skin. The wings start between his shoulder blades and wrap around his upper arms.
“Dean, I think we should tell Sam about us,” Cas suggests, he sits down to watch Dean cook. He loves watching Dean cook.
“Yeah that was one of my theories,” Sam says. “But still there are hundreds of gods in each pantheon, so we are going to have to find a way to narrow it down.”
“Oh ow!” Castiel falls back on the bed where he previously was and his hand flies to his stitched-up wound.
“If it’s about that fight with dad… can we do this later? It’s too freaking early for this crap and I just want to focus on finding that damn blade.“ Dean hates thinking about that one fight he had with their father, the biggest fight they had ever had. Right up there with the fight about Stamford. Almost twenty years ago but it still haunts him, he didn’t even think Sam remembered it because he only walked in during the tail end of it. And when he asked Dean about it, he told him never to bring it up again.
“Dean, look at me,” Cas says softly, placing his hand on Dean's shoulder and sitting up on his knees. Dean turns around to face the angel but he can’t meet Castiel’s eyes. Cas raises his hand to Dean’s face, placing it on his cheek and wiping away his tears. “Dean?”
“I’m just worried, ya know? We know two more of these blades exist but where? We don’t know who could have gotten their hands on them. What if we just go on some run of the mill hunt and bam, some werewolf just whips out one of the blades and runs it through Cas and- and- you saw the way it was affecting him. It was like torture.”
“Alright boys,” Rowena says as she flips the page in her spellbook. “Cas, dear, you need one of your feathers. You’ll have to submerge yourself in the water while holding it. Someone is going to have to light the candles, pour this oil into the bath, and say the spell.”
“I don’t believe I can heal myself yet and I think I am hungry… and my head is pounding,” Cas squints in pain and brings a hand up to rub his forehead.
“Your hair is soft like flower petals,” A now shirtless Cas says softly, almost to himself. Dean closed his eyes and lingered under Castiel's touch, he could hear his own heart beating loudly in his chest.
“I want to blow you.” Before Dean can think, Cas has him on his back with one finger teasing Dean's nipple and the other trailing down his stomach.
“Ow, Dean!” Cas calls out. Dean drops the blade and the blue lights stop. He moves over to the angel’s side and rubs his back.
“Okay I’ll take the first floor, you take the second floor,” Dean orders. Sam made his way up the staircase, flashlight, and gun at the ready. Dean kicks aside broken glass and debris, reminiscent of their fight from yesterday, and makes his way across the large empty room in search of the Blade of the Heathens. The warehouse windows are boarded up, letting little light through. Crates and piles of wood line the walls of the room. Dean looks around the piles and smaller spaces where the blade could have been stashed.
“Dean, this has been twelve years in the making. First dates are irreverent at this point,” Cas laughs, pushing Dean’s hair back.
“Of course,” Cas answers as he places a hand on the side of Dean's face and leans in for a kiss. His lips are soft and warm and when he pulls away, he misses Dean’s lips instantly. “Be careful,” he pleads to the hunter, keeping their faces close together. Cas kisses his hunter's cheek before Dean leaves to prepare for the mission.
“Please Cas, more.” Cas adds a third finger. He only gets a few thrusts when Dean insists he is ready. Cas pulls out his fingers and positions Dean over his length. Dean intertwines their fingers. Cas pulls Dean in for a kiss, it lingers for a moment. Then Dean lowers himself down, slowly.
“Because you boys wouldn’t know a Chardonnay from a Cabernet and,” Rowena looks down. “I owe Hades a favor and he seemed very interested in these knives. Plus, we are friends, are we not?” She smiles sweetly and takes a sip of tea
“I love you too. And it’s alright, honey, nothing about us is normal anyway and there is no rush-” Cas is interrupted by Dean giggling. “What?” Dean buries his head in Cas’s shoulder.
“It’s possible, she might know the summoning spell or at least something about them,” Dean adds. “And she might know how to help Cas.”
“Christ, Cas,” Dean whines as his hands attempt to bring Cas closer to him, wanting to find friction. Cas pauses and looks up.
“Dean, why do you have whipped cream on your nose?” Sam looks puzzled as he asks his brother the question.
“Oh, I just like being close to you,” Cas says, bashfully. “At first I thought I’d like sitting on your lap but I like this much better.” Dean sighed peacefully and nuzzled into Castiel’s neck.
“Oh, Dean!” Cas closes his eyes as Dean sinks lower, then rises. Dean quickens his pace eventually, his motions becoming needy. They find a rhythm.
“Hell no, we’ve got ten years on them! They should be celebrating us!” Dean smiles. “We were still together back then… sort of. Just too dumb to know it.”
“Here, let me.” Dean removes his hand and allows Cas to search as he is closer to it. His hand feels around until he hears clinking metal. “Dean, why are there handcuffs- oh.” Dean’s face reddens. Cas smiles, still digging through his drawer.
“Cas! I’m sorry, hey, I’m sorry,” Dean pleads with Castiel, placing his other hand on the side of his face. Cas’s hand comes up to grip Dean's wrist.
“Sorry, Cas. Just a few more stitches, okay?” Dean says softly. He reaches to the side and hands one of the beers to Cas. “Drink this.” Cas twists open the beer and drinks. Dean reaches the last few stitches that end about three inches below Castiel’s collarbone. “Last one.” Dean makes his last stitch and Cas relaxes a bit and continues to sip his beer. “Okay, okay Cas I’m done.” Dean dips the clean rag in the warm water and cleans up Castiel's wound, then cleans the blood and dirt off Castiel’s face.
“Rowena has a spell,” Dean starts. As he explains the plan,  Castiel’s tired eyes start to look worried. Dean places his hand on the angel's thigh under the table to comfort him. “If you don’t wanna do it, we don’t have to. I know you’re still in pain and I know you didn’t like being human but this might be your best option right now.”
“So tell us about this lore you found,” Dean quickly says, feeling his ears start to turn red, and shoves bacon into his mouth.
“Dean, I don’t know anything about suits.” Cas looks at Dean with a worried look painted on his face. “I’ve been wearing the same one for over a decade.” Dean can’t help but laugh, Cas is too adorable.
“A dinner party,” Sam tells the couple. Frank guides Dean and Cas over to a selection of suits appropriate for their sizes. Then he guides Sam over to his.
“I think the alcohol is affecting me quicker,” Cas pointed out, his words slurring now due to the drinks. “But I believe I am in less pain now.”
“Queen?” An unfamiliar voice startles them. A short man in a simple, yet sharp suit stands at the entrance to the room. With his white gloves and long-tailed coat, Sam assumes he must be a servant.
“I’m never gonna get you calling me that,” Dean laughs. Cas rubs their noses together and places a kiss on Dean’s lips. “But you’re right, nothing about us is normal. I just need a little more time, babe.”
Dean wakes up with Cas and Sam interrupts with news about the mysterious blade. Sam tries to talk to Dean about a fight with their father.
Dean runs his hands through Castiel’s hair, not caring that it’s getting messed up. His only thought is Cas, Cas, Cas! The feeling of Cas’s hands on him is like nothing he’d ever felt before. Even prior to them getting together, Castiel’s hands felt like magic. Dean had thought it was because he was an angel, but no other angel’s hands felt like this.
“He flirted with Persephone when he and a few other angels were on a mission in the Underworld,” Castiel explains. “Hades was furious and banned the angels from his kingdom. This was part of the reason Gabriel went into hiding.”
“Cas, last time was my fault. I was an idiot and I wasn’t there for you, I’m sorry. But, I’ll be right here with you, I promise.”
“Dean, come on man. We have to talk about this!” Sam runs his hands through his hair. Dean settles back down in the chair and nervously starts biting his nails, Sam desperately wants to talk about this and Dean knows he will break out the puppy dog eyes if he has to. Sam takes his brother's silence as his hint to continue.  “Look, I know that fight with dad was a while ago and I don’t really know what happened that night but I do know dad was wrong for everything he said to you. So if you want to talk about the fight or what I asked you the other day-“
Cas steps into the bath and lowers himself under the water. His wings are draped out of the water and the tips lightly brush the floor. Dean walks around the tub and lights the candles. He pours the holy oil over Castiel.
It's my birthday, so here is your gift. Sorry, this took a few weeks, but this is what you all have been waiting for!!!  enjoy, lovelies!
“I think he already knows or is suspecting something anyway,” Dean replies as he cracks eggs into a pan. “He’ll figure it out, he's a smart boy.”
“Take all the time you need, I just wanted to make sure it wasn’t anything about me that was making you apprehensive about telling Sam.”
“Alright boys, remember what I said the other night? Do not screw this up for me!” Rowena looks each of them in the eye. “Don’t speak unless you’re spoken to and treat our guest with the utmost respect. Don’t eat like pigs and use table manners.”
The boys got home at around 8, Cas woke up, still lying in Dean’s lap, when they were about five minutes from the bunker. They brought in their food and decided to eat in the Dean Cave, which Sam has insisted they just call ‘the den,’ and watch a movie. Dean suggests ‘Hercules’, since it counts as research for their case. Nobody can argue with that logic. Although, Cas doesn't think Hades would appreciate being depicted as a cartoon villain in a children's movie.
“Anxiety,” Dean answers, sliding down next to Cas. “It’s human, it happens.” He finds Castiel’s hand and brings it to his lips. “Cas, you are the most badass angel on heaven and earth. And I’ve killed things other hunters can’t even think up in their nightmares. There is nothing in Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory that will keep us apart. Even if I have to line the perimeter of the bunker with holy fire. If anything tries to take you away from me, it will regret ever hearing our names.” Cas smiles and his eyes look lovingly at Dean. “Cas, you are the best thing to ever happen to me.”
“Well that was close,” Dean sighs in relief as he rolls off the bed in search of clothes. Cas sits up in the bed and leans back against the headboard.
Cas loves the way they fit together. Not like two pieces in a puzzle, but like the way the ocean and sky meet at the horizon. Seamless, like dancers who know where to hold each other for safety and touch for beauty. He loves the feel of every moan Dean kisses into his mouth. Castiel wants more, he needs more.
“So the Enochian on the blade is supposed to disorient the target but the blade will only kill if the being is fully stabbed,” Sam explains. “And you weren't fully stabbed so you were only disoriented since the blade did touch you. Cas, do you know what happened to the blade after the vamp used it on you?”
“Dean… the name is lying to me.” Cas honestly looks a little hurt. Dean can’t help but laugh. His angel, who led armies for Heaven, is confused about a sauce. And he is the most adorable thing Dean has ever laid eyes on.
“I didn’t feel pain, at first,” Cas remembers. “I was dizzy and felt like the room was spinning. I don't remember much of the car ride back home, but the second I got out of the car I- I couldn’t think straight and the pain hit me all at once.”
Dean finally looks at Cas, he doesn’t say much but his eyes give him away. His mind is racing, what had he just done? Why did he have to say that? Had he just ruined everything with Cas, the best friend he ever had?
Rowena snaps her fingers and sends all four of them outside standing before an expensive-looking house. To their left is a large lake and to their right is a dense forest. The stone exterior of the house is covered in delicate vines that weave up and around the sides. A deck wraps around the side of the house and connects to a dock that leads out into the dark, misty water. It looks haunted, to say the least.
Team Free Will eats Chinese food (Dean helps Cas with this part), Sam bought jewelry, and Cas and Dean finally get to do fun stuff.
“Dean? Is that your phone?” A strong hand shakes him awake. It’s Cas waking him up, their arms and legs still wrapped around each other. Dean hears a phone going off.
“Dean, are you lying to me?” Cas glares at him, with a hurt look in his eyes. Dean looks away and sighs.
“At first, I missed knowing what my purpose was. But then you taught me free will, I realized how corrupt heaven is, and that my purpose is you.” Cas brings up his free hand and strokes the hunter’s cheek. “Dean, I never felt happiness, I never felt anything, until I met you… until I fell in love with you.” Cas brings his lips up to meet Deans, showing him how much he means to him. “What about you, when did you realize you liked me?”
“Oh god,” Dean blushes and places his head into the crook of Castiel’s neck. “Hopefully he’s watching some nerdy documentary with headphones in and didn’t hear that. Hey, guess what Sam told me? He said he’s gonna propose to Eileen!” Cas smiles.
“So what, these blades just magically fell in the hands of these monsters?” Dean shrugs in response, Sam sits down and steals a piece of Dean’s bacon. “We seriously need to find that last one. Hopefully we get some answers at this dinner party.”
“No, I… I have to.” Dean takes a sip of his beer. “Then, uh, Sam walks in, he was about 15. The look on his face, I don’t think he’d ever seen dad so mad in his life.”
“Oh I’ll remember that for later when you’re better,” Dean whispers in Cas’s ear, then lightly nips his earlobe. Cas smiles and pulls Dean closer to him.
When they come back into the bedroom, wearing towels, they notice the state they left it in. Pillows ended up on the other side of the room and the sheets were half on the floor. Somehow a lamp got knocked over, neither of them remembers how or care. Deans underwear is hanging off the dresser knob, Castiel’s jeans lay half on the desk.
“Hey, don’t psych yourself out like that man. Hopefully we will get answers at this stupid dinner party tomorrow.”
Dean grabs towels from the counter and kneels next to the bath. He drags Cas out of the tub, wraps him in the towels, and holds him close. Dean’s shaking hand wipes the water from Castiel's eyes and hair. He hits Cas’s cheek a few times trying to wake him up.
Dean walks away from the other two and back into the library. He sits down in the chair next to his angel and rubs his back to wake him up. “Cas,” he whispers. “Wake up buddy, we have a plan to help you.”
“Yeah well, Dean, you are never honest about your feelings until you reach a breaking point. Especially when dad had a hand in emotionally scarring you because he was an asshole-“
“Yes, Samuel, a dinner party! And I expect to see the three of you there on Friday night wearing the opposite of flannel.” She slides over an elegant invitation. “I am risking my relationship with these deities to help you, don’t screw it up! You must show them the utmost respect, not a single wisecrack out of you Dean Winchester. Be polite, use the etiquette I know you have buried somewhere. Understand?” They nod.
“So good, Cas you feel so good!” Dean throws his head back and gets louder as he takes in more and more. “Cas, oh!” His moans are pornographic. Cas has seen his fair share of porn, but nothing compares to the sound of Dean Winchester crying out his name while riding him. He looks so damn good while doing so. Dean’s hair a messy from Cas’s hands and his face is a little flushed, Cas has never seen anything so beautiful.
“Oh well I guess it will just be me and Cas tonight,” Dean says and turns around to smile at his angel. “How’s Eileen doing? Is she still in Utah?”
“I wonder if Gabriel knew the angel that did that to her,” Cas says. “As I said before, they don’t get along at all.” The three pass around a few more theories.
“Your guests have arrived, they are walking up to the house as we speak,” Hudson informs her. Rowena looks around at Sam, Dean, and Castiel.
“Guys, Rowena wants us to go to the- oh shit!” Cas and Dean push away from each other, but it’s too late. Sam is standing halfway in the room, frozen with his jaw practically on the floor. Dean scrambles off Cas and ends up on the floor. “I… sorry? I heard you guys, thought you were just talking but um… what- I don’t- huh?”
“Samuel, are you alright?” Rowena raises her eyebrow and watches Sam pace back and forth as he talks.
Cas guides Dean further up the bed. Dean trails his mouth down Cas’s neck and chest, pausing at each nipple then continuing down to his lower stomach. He does this like he can’t live without pressing his lips to every inch of Castiel’s body.
“I think I’m allergic to seafood, Donna said if I wasn’t part angel she would have had to take me to the hospital,” Jack says, nonchalantly.
“So get this,” Sam starts. “There were three alike blades made thousands of years ago designed to kill celestial beings, mainly archangels or any ‘holy’ creature. They are called all different variations of the same thing, ‘The Blades of the Heathens’,” Sam opens an ancient-looking book to a bookmarked page. He shows Cas and Dean a faded picture of a painting of three identical blades. They are gold and the blade itself is flat with glowing blue Enochian symbols. The handle is like a work of art, with silver and blue detailing of angel wings wrapped around. “It’s believed that these blades were forged after the events of Cain and Abel, although nobody knows who created them. And nobody really knows about these blades because they were supposedly lost not long after they were made. They are only mentioned once in early Jewish lore and come up in the first few written records of polytheistic lore, mainly in Hellenism but in Norse and Celtic as well.”
“Let me,” Cas says. Spreading the lube over his own fingers, Dean brings both of his hands to Castiel’s chest. Cas reaches under Dean, teasing one finger before entering him. Dean already worked himself open enough for Cas to slip in another finger.
“Okay so Dean is… he likes women right? But he also likes men but that didn’t really click until now because I’ve never seen him with one. I mean, I’ve seen him with men but not with-with men. But Cas is an angel, well now he’s human for a little bit. So he’s a man. I tease Dean about Cas because, well, I didn’t know… Dean says they are friends, he said best friends. I guess I knew they were close, they have been through a lot, we all have. But- ”
“I think the vampire had an ancient Enochian blade,” Cas puts his hand to his wound but nothing happens. “I can’t heal myself, the blade is making me weak and therefore unable to use my powers.”
“Lovers? Like that Taylor Swift song you play in the car when Sam isn’t there. Or ‘partners’ could-”
Cas comes inside Dean, causing Dean to come a second later. They stay there for a moment, fully riding out the last waves of their orgasms. Cas’s hands squeezing Dean’s thighs, Dean’s hands gripping Cas all over. Eventually, Dean lifts off Cas and plops onto the bed next to him.
Twenty minutes later, the brothers are driving down the highway with the radio blasting “Dirty Deeds” by AC/DC. Sam turned the page of a book he took with him from the library.
“We were fighting about another fight we- well, I had with our dad like twenty years ago,” Dean answers as he searches for spaghetti in a cabinet.
“Uh-huh, I… yeah,” Dean replies, not even attempting to put words together after that blinding orgasm. He feels like he is dreaming. Cas pulls Dean into his arms.
Despite sleep calling to them, they decide showers are necessary. They run, still naked, down the hall to the bathroom and lock the door. The bathroom fills with steam as they soap each other up. Cas decides sex in the shower needs to happen one day… soon. Dean makes a shampoo mohawk in Castiel’s hair and insists on washing it out himself.
“No, it’s not. Plus it’s past dinner time, I’m hungry too. We should pick up dinner on the way home, sound good?” Cas nods.
“I almost forgot about these,” Dean says, brushing his fingers over the tattoo wings on his angel’s back. He places wet little kisses over as many feathers as he can. Deciding not to waste more water, they turn off the water and search the steamy room for towels.
