“What’s initials?” Sam asked, and Dean pursed his lips. “Well, they’re your first name and last name. Yours are SW and mine are DW. Understand?” Sam nodded enthusiastically.
The light steadily got brighter and the noise increased until it was almost unbearable and Dean was not sure whether he was crying or screaming, but he could feel it in his throat. Dean shut his eyes as tight as he possibly could, covering his ears. He could feel the tears on his cheeks, and he just wished that he would pass out so he didn’t have to deal with it anymore.
“Daddy,” Dean turned to him, shaking off his hunger, giving him his full attention. “What are the letters on your wrist? My teacher has them too.” Dean smiled softly, knowing this day would come eventually. He would be lying if he said he hadn’t prepared for it.
“I saw a lot, Dean. Enough to know that it was a complete violation of the privacy you wanted.” Castiel sounded guilty, and then Dean felt guilty that he was making Cas feel like that. “It’s not your fault-” Cas cut Dean off.
Jo was washing his face off, Bobby was making sure he was staying up, and Garth put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Ellen watched around to make sure that nothing was going to attack.
“I’m very informed.” Dean stood up, trying to shake himself off. “Omnis satanic-” Dean was interrupted again.
Dean sighed and looked in the mirror, cringing when he saw the forming bruise on his face. There was going to be a huge, nasty black bruise there if he didn’t get any ice on it. He thought for about a minute, deciding that his best bet was running to the teacher’s lounge and grabbing an ice pack from the freezer. Dean was invisible enough, and if he walked the hallway with a bunch of people, he would be fine. Dean begrudgingly got out of the car, knowing that even though he really didn’t want to do this, it was for the better. His bruise wouldn’t be nearly as bad, which means less questions will be asked. Dean slipped into the school, knowing it was in between periods, meaning everyone was in class.
“You’re dreaming of me leaving you?” Cas’s voice sounded almost betrayed and Dean felt guilt settle in his stomach.
“Daddy,” Sam started and Dean redirected his full attention towards him and made a noise that urged him to continue. “Why are you blue?” Sam reached up and pressed his hand against the bruise on Dean’s face, and Dean sighed. “I just got a little hurt.” Dean muttered, and Sam had already lost interest and started looking around at the store. Dean rolled his eyes and continued down the aisle, taking a deep breath.
“I don’t know what to say. How can we even be soulmates if we aren’t even the same species? That makes no sense to me. It’s like some cosmic joke that you’ll live longer than me and I’ll probably die young due to some stupid hunting accident and how could you, a literal angel, be paired with me? I have a son and so much fucking baggage that I can barely even do anything for myself, let alone some I’m supposed to be a partner with!” Dean was getting visibly upset now and Cas’s heart physically  ached.
A puff of smoke, filled with a bright blue light escaped the house and shot away. They both watched, mesmerized.
“This is your home too. I’m worried you were going to leave… did you think I wasn’t going to let you in?” Dean nodded again, tears pricking the back of his eyes. “I… Nervous to show up unannounced…” Dean barely made sense, but Cas got some of it. “You don’t ever need to be nervous around me. You know I’d let you stay with me forever.”
“Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus, omnis satani-” With a wave of a hand, Dean was thrown hard onto the ground and all of the breath left his lungs. Gravel ground into his forearms and he was momentarily blindsided from the pain. A sharp ache plagued Dean on the right side of his chest, but he ignored it as best as he could and looked around for Bobby. He had been thrown the opposite direction and Dean heard the demon laugh.
“It has the ability to kill anything. It is warded with special angelic spells and magic. It is one of the only things that can kill an angel and nephilim. The demon that gave it to Dean told him he would need it. What I am afraid of is a prophecy has been made about Dean, but we have not heard anything. I am trying my hardest to find out, and I will keep Dean safe at all costs.” There was a pause as Cas looked at Dean. “He is my soulmate. It is typical for nephilim to get human soulmates. Dean is my utmost priority, and with that being said, Sam is made one of them too.”
Hi :) Thanks so much for reading! If people like it, I'll definitely continue. Thanks again! Much love-
“Wow Sammy, that’s a cool spatula. Maybe you should go give it back to Ellen?” Dean suggested, but Sammy made a defeated noise. “I wanna stay out here with you.” He whined, and Dean flinched a little bit.
“Hey, guys…” Dean trailed off, pointing up at the lights. Ellen pulled over, and they all got out of the car. Dean grabbed the holy water in the flask in his pocket and gripped it hard. The night really was cold, colder than usual for Lawrence in October. It all felt… weird too. Everything felt weird.
Dean’s hand was right there, right in front of him, and with just a simple step he could feel his soulmate’s skin. Feel his life. It was something his father always talked about; always jealous of his son’s souls for being able to have a soulmate. Cas was so wrapped up in thinking about soulmates that he couldn’t help himself from opening his mouth.
“Yay I get to see Lucy! And Mrs. Milton!” Sam exclaimed, hopping out of his seat and grabbing his homework folder. Dean grabbed Sam’s extra clothes, water bottle, and lunch and shoved it in his backpack. Dean grabbed his backpack and his car keys, then shut his apartment up and watched as Sam ran down the stairs to the car.
“I can call out of work today, Dean. I can spend the day with you. We can talk -- or not talk, whatever is good for you.” Dean nodded fervently into his chest and Castiel guided him over to the couch. He pulled Dean onto the couch with him and Dean nuzzled his head even further into Cas.
“I, um-” Dean cleared his throat, looking at Sammy. He awkwardly shuffled his feet, taking a breath.
Panic flew into every single part of Dean’s body as Ellen and Jo came up behind him. Ellen looked at the three men and knew that she was right all along. Jo grabbed the holy water and flung it at all three of them, but when all three were unaffected Dean took a step back. The rest of his group ran in behind them, and an awkward silence settled in the air.
They got a table and settled down, and Dean took yet another deep breath, trying to calm his nerves.
“I’m trying to do something nice. You’ll need this.” Dean snatched the weapon, moving back again. Dean started. “What is this and why are you giving this to me?” Dean suspiciously examined the knife. It was unlike anything he had ever seen; it was long, silver, triple sided and heavy.
Then he felt the death of Cas’s father. The sadness, the grief, the mourning were all a little too familiar for Dean. After the death of his own mother, he could pinpoint those feelings anywhere. But time moved on and he felt Cas move on, get his teaching job, and buy a house.
“Don’t.” Dean mumbled into Cas’s chest as he probed further, and Cas pulled back. He had never denied Cas an entry, and it hurt a little bit.
“Dean. You need to go now.” Dean hopped off the counter, landing on both of his feet. “John is here. He’s looking for you. I told him I haven’t seen you in months, heard you went out west. Go out the back. Jo can bring you your other stuff at school tomorrow.” Dean’s heart was straight up in his throat.
Dean paused, feeling the confusion go through his body. A week ago he would have said there aren’t angels, and now his soul mate is telling him that he’s the offspring of one? Why would Cas lie to him about this though? There would be no reason for him to lie. Also, a lot of weird things had been happening recently, things Dean had never seen. Things that all felt a little bigger than what he was used to.
“Do you feel better?” Cas, although he didn’t want to, made Dean as sleepy as possible so he wouldn’t remember this in the morning. Dean hummed, reaching forward and grazing Cas’s neck.
He reached over and grabbed his phone, seeing four missed calls, all from Ellen and Bobby. “Fuck.” Dean groaned and fell back into the bed, dialing Bobby’s number and putting the phone up to his ear. The phone rang a couple of times, and Dean was met with a very concerned Bobby.
“Whatever Lucifer did, I was not a part of. My brother and I don’t quite get along.” Castiel almost wanted to deny even being brothers with Lucifer. Dean was the confused one now because he saw nothing about that in Cas’s memories. That seemed to put Ellen more at ease.
The door opened and another student came in and Dean immediately went back to his seat. Cas took a deep breath, trying to get himself under control. He just needed to get through class and then he could talk to Dean privately again.
“We have to leave, Dean. Do you want to leave Sam asleep or wake him up?” Cas asked, and Dean groaned loudly.
Dean took a deep breath, taking his hand off the doorknob. “No.” She grabbed Dean’s hand and dragged him through the door. “Hi Mr. Novak! Here I am, with Dean!” Charlie practically shouted and he looked up from his desk and Dean immediately looked at the ground.
“I-I-” Dean couldn’t talk, he was too flustered. “He can’t be- This wouldn’t happen.” Dean shook his head. Charlie vehemently disagreed.
“Hello darlings,” A voice from behind started them and they whipped around, met with a shorter, round faced man with red eyes. He blinked and they were normal color. Dean lifted the gun and shot, but the gun suddenly flew out of his hands.
Dean felt ill enough that when Castiel told him to get into bed while he went to check on Sam that he fell asleep in the quickest amount of time he ever had. By the time Castiel got back Dean was curled up under the blankets without even changing clothes. He smiled softly at Dean, grabbing a change of clothes and putting it on the other side of the bed for Dean in case he got up in the middle of the night.
“Ellen, it’s okay. I need you to calm down. I’m going to explain it all to you guys tonight at the diner, okay? I called Bobby and he is going to meet us at the Diner tonight. I promise I’m okay.” Ellen let out a breath she had been holding the whole time, and Dean smiled a little bit. It was nice to have someone like this.
Castiel was very frustrated that he didn’t have the opportunity to heal Dean. They finished dinner and Dean hugged him goodbye, but there were too many people around for him to subtly set his hands on his skin and allow his grace to heal him. Let alone, Dean wasn’t allowed to see either. So, he called Gabriel and Gabe gave him the idea to teleport to Dean’s apartment and do it while he was sleeping.
“That’s a great idea. Dean, I’ll pick up Sammy and help you put him in the car.” Jo started, and Ellen helped Dean up and over to Cas. “Thank you so much…-” Ellen started, and Cas smiled at her. “Cas.” Ellen nodded and smiled up at him. “Thank you, Cas. We really appreciate it.” Ellen sent Dean a death glare, and Dean mumbled a quick ‘thank you’ under his breath. Ellen slowly let go of Dean to make sure he was standing alright, but when he hunched over, Cas reached forward and wrapped his arm under his shoulder, keeping him up. Dean may have blushed, but it could have easily been blamed on the sickness.
“If there are other nephilims, why… why aren’t you soulmates with them?” Cas sat up suddenly and started Dean.
“That does not sound pleasant. Are you taking care of them?” Cas asked, and Dean nodded in response. “As much as I can.” Dean shrugged.
“C-could I just sit here f-for a couple of m-minutes?” He gestured to a desk, and Mr. Novak nodded like it was an insane question. “Go-go ahead.” Dean slunk into a desk and put his head on the table, and he finally let the tears go now that no one would be able to see them. He cried into his arms, trying to keep the shaking at a minimum, and Cas watched him closely. No matter how hard Dean tried to hide it, Cas could clearly see the shaking of his entire body, and the general discomfort.
He saw toys on the ground, and it was very obvious that a young child lived there. Legos were spread across the entire room, and Cas could vaguely recall a memory of Dean’s that involved a lego injury.
Dean set Sam down on the ground and he went running to Ellen. Ellen picked him up and spun him around.
Castiel nodded, trying to process all this information. “He said something about Dad, too. Said he saw bright blue lights and everything was fuzzy and weird. How could he have seen that? Michael’s soulmate doesn't even know of his status now and they have been together for years. How could Dean have seen something like that?”
The line went silent, and Dean let out a shaky breath. He was still concerned, and he dialed Ellen’s number.
Cas woke up about six hours after they had fallen asleep to a dark room and his eyes adjusted to the darkness. He hadn’t meant to fallen asleep and stay here, but honestly, he couldn't be happier. Cas checked his phone and it read 5:30AM and he looked over at Dean. He was curled up on the other side of the couch, and slowly, he felt a bit verclempt as he looked around.
“I…” Cas trailed off but he decided that he was just gonna tell nothing but the truth. He thought for a second that maybe he should lie, but he just couldn’t bare to lose Dean’s trust if he ever found out. “I did. You were just so hurt, and I couldn’t bare to feel it anymore! Dean you had so many broken ribs and cuts and bruises on your bones, I had to do something! Thinking about you in pain is bad, but imagine being able to
“Like a month. I don’t really know.” Ellen rolled her eyes from the kitchen. Dean was puttering around, cleaning up tables and asking his customers if they were okay. He was bored and Sam was already asleep in the back room so he didn’t even have to worry about him. It didn’t help that he was so tired he couldn’t even think straight because he hadn’t been sleeping.
Dean soon felt good enough to lift his head and open his eyes but he was met with nothing but total blackness. He took one hand and rubbed them, hoping to see anything, but nothing came of it.
“I’m sorry for not telling you.” Dean mumbled sweetly, and Cas smiled softly. “And I’m sorry for thinking all that stuff. I just get so scared.” Cas leaned forward and pressed his lips to Dean’s swollen ones.
Gabe sighed. “You’re so dramatic. Just touch him. Touch his neck, touch his hand, touch his-” “That’s enough, Gabriel. Get to the point.”
He sighed and went to stand up but he felt Dean stir in his sleep, so he waited another moment to not disturb him. Dean, however, did not get that memo and sat up in bed. He looked confused and Castiel froze and held his breath.
“Ellen, if demons exist, why don’t angels? Trust me, I went through the same thing. I’ve seen it. I saw it in his memories. I didn’t know why it was because we’ve never seen any of them. I saw light, and blue, and felt it. He healed me. Bobby, he healed my broken ribs from that demon. I had something called smiting sickness last night, and Cas said he didn’t know why I got it so bad but he knew it had to be something with Lucifer. He can help us. I promise. I saw his whole life, and I know he’s my soulmate.” Dean was trying to hide the raw emotions in his voice, but his family could hear it.
issue down even if it killed him, and the first step was to put together a list of things he had to work on in order to be a good mate to Castiel.
“We should go,” Castiel told him quietly. “You wouldn’t be able to enjoy the rest of our evening anyway with this hanging over our heads.”
“What hap-” Castiel inquired, but the omega didn’t let him finish. He ran off, locking himself in their bedroom, and flung himself onto the bed. He hated himself for being so weak as to cry about it, but he felt so bloody
Too late to back out now, he told himself as he got Gabriel's positive response; he'd just have to go through with it.
Bobby was quiet for a moment. "Call me Bobby," he said finally and Dean barely restrained himself from doing a little happy dance. Castiel probably didn't realize the enormity of Bobby's request but as someone who hated politicians, to be on first name basis with one...
“Dean,” his brother yelled frantically the moment he pressed ‘talk’, not giving him a chance to say hello, “Dad’s drunk out of his gourd. He’s staggering around, smashing dishes and whatever else he can get his hands on. He won’t stop screaming at me, and he wants you home
That sounded... nice. Dean was sure he could do that. He loved kissing and he was sure that were Cas to caress him, he'd like that too. He could almost imagine them sitting on the comfortable couch Cas had in the living room, pressed against each other, hands running over backs and chests. Dean looked down as he felt a stirring in his groin. Nice, indeed.
He went upstairs that evening, after preparing a light meal for his dad and brother and leaving it in the oven, to get changed, choosing something that didn't scream 'I want to date you' nor did it say 'I'm forever alone desperate'. He wrote a note to his dad, saying he was out having dinner with Novak - something that should make John happy - before leaving the house.
Sam didn't look too happy about it though. The boy shuffled his feet uncertainly as he refused to meet Dean's eyes.
Pushing at the older man’s shoulders to get him to sit down so Dean could wriggle onto his lap, the omega bit his lip. “I know you say that, but that article can really hurt your image, can’t it? I feel like it’s my duty to do everything in my power not to let it happen again.”
“I will, Dean. You’re a good son,” John acknowledged. “Thanks for making me do this. I needed the help.”
Dean took in a shuddery breath through his nose before picking up his courage and puckering his lips slightly against Cas'.
You might have noticed I'm not a very romantic person (I believe someone commented on the lack of romance in my work :) and if I was to draw from my own experience, they would end up at a shooting range ... which is probably not a very good idea.
Dean sighed dreamily, stirring the pot. “He called it a mating present, even though we didn’t have a proper ceremony or anything,” he continued. “He had bought it off some clueless alpha for cheap - Bobby’s ballsy like that.”
Dean chuckled joylessly. "He figured I'd give him all the money he wanted now that we're mated. I mean, how selfish is that? He drinks away most of his salary every single month and now he wants handouts?"
"There you have it then. I bet you a hundred bucks that nearly every alpha out there has thought at least once about how good that commercial alpha must feel."
His father walked past him, heading for the pot of freshly brewed coffee Dean had made, and tousled his son's hair. "Don't worry about it; omegas sulk sometimes. It's all the hormones, I think."
She rolled her eyes. “I mean Castiel,” she explained. “He asked me to help you because he was under the impression that you wanted to learn. I’m starting to think his impression was wrong.”
All right, he had to stop that. Dean was attracted to the guy, sure, but he didn't want to mate with him. It was just the - what did Rufus call it? -
That's only natural, Dean. Everyone's nervous their first time - be it the first time ever or their first time with a new person.
His dad gave him a sympathetic smile. "How's Sam? He was feeling a bit under the weather in the morning."
He heard the purr of Cas’ black Lincoln town car and looked out of the bedroom window to watch his mate drive into the garage, parking next to the brown Ford Mustang. Quickly sprinting down the stairs, he stationed himself on the living room couch, making sure he would be the first thing his mate saw when he opened the door.
His boss shook his head. “It actually didn’t. The bloke who sold it to me had no idea what he had in his garage. He had inherited the Impala after his grandfather died and had no clue about classic cars.”
Noah had pitched such a fit - howling for his brother - that John ended up taking him to the hospital in Dean’s brown Ford Mustang, instead of going home. The two-year-old’s screams had subsided into noisy, hiccuping sobs, but still drew a lot of attention, all negative as far as Dean could discern. John had come in for his share of slurs, including speculation that alcoholism ran in the Winchester bloodline. It hadn’t been limited to just people waiting to be seen by a doctor either, dark looks and muttering coming from many of the hospital staff. One popular theory that sprang up on the spot was that both Dean and John had been drunk, with neither of them capable of supervising the twins and setting the stage for
There was silence on the other end at first, then John’s soft voice pleaded, “Please, don’t hang up, Dean.”
Gabe sipped at his brew before leaning back into the sofa cushions and focused his gaze on Dean. “I had a classmate who got addicted to drugs,” he began, “and it got him killed. Vic had been a good student, an attentive son and a good person in general, but when he got tangled up with the wrong people, he began bunking off school and stealing money from his mum. His parents tossed him out when he refused to admit he had a problem and he started owing money.
“Did you get a copy of the report?” Meg immediately asked as Gabe carried a full pot of coffee over to the table, plunking the carafe down on a pot holder in the middle of the table. Gabe then flopped down gracelessly onto the free chair to Dean’s right, wiping a hand across his brow as if he’d just performed heavy labour.
The next morning, after checking up on Sam again, Dean dressed himself up and left the house for a different job interview. It was yet another car mechanic job but Dean hoped the guy running the salvage yard downtown cared more about skill than about his gender.
The woman looked up at him, an eyebrow rising in surprise. “Okay, puppy, lesson number one,” she said, voice like honey. “Don’t ever say that again. It not only makes you sound like a mardy teenager, it also makes you look stupid.”
Dean made a sound of understanding. "So you're not really concerned for anybody's health; you're just jealous," he said with a grin.
Dean straightened in his seat as the door to the office opened and a tall, muscled guy with fiery red hair stepped out. He wore a grim expression on his face, and Dean hoped that meant he hadn't got the job.
Bobby squinted. "I know exactly what to think. I think it's bullshit to achieve equality by lowering standards of some to the level of others. We shouldn't all be equally poor and underappreciated; we should all be able to live equally well."
"Maybe it should be," the politician muttered quietly, "he's your dad, Dean. You might not like him very much at the moment but you would still miss him terribly if he was gone."
Dean felt his bottom being lifted off of the covers, his legs bending closer to his body. He decided to help out by hooking one of his legs over Cas' shoulder. "Come on, Cas, please," he cajoled.
Dean grinned, saluting his boss lazily and walking over to grab his toolbox. He then headed towards the silver Ford that stood at the back of the yard, crawling underneath to have a look at the damage. The driveshaft was all bent out of shape, and in the back it was almost separated from the rear differential. There was no way this car drove here.
Castiel was talking. “You’d better straighten up,” he warned. “I won’t forgive you if Dean - or Sam - is hurt again.”
Charlie came in a few minutes later a breathless laugh in her voice as she spoke. "You wouldn't believe the number of cars in the parking lot that have the omega symbol slapped onto a window or an omegaist flag tied to the antenna. It's crazy!"
"That would be Kofola for you then. It's a Czech caffeinated drink that looks like Coke but tastes completely different. I personally actually like it better."
The man took it, putting his hands in his trouser pockets nervously. "Yeah, listen. I was wondering if I could maybe repay you for your generosity?"
The alpha gave him a wry smile - an expression that Dean dubbed the 'sympathetic senator' smile. "You don't have to call me sir, Sam. Castiel is fine."
Charlie finished setting up the movie and went to the kitchen only to return with an outrageous amount of crisps. "So," she started, "I have simple salted ones, then barbecue, salt and vinegar, shrimp cocktail, onion and sour cream, paprika, and some cheese puff balls or whatever."
The walk was thankfully completely uneventful and both men let out a sigh of relief when they locked the door behind themselves.
Those were hardly typical questions from his practical husband. Castiel normally accepted how things were and then worked to change them for the better; he didn’t usually entertain what ifs.
Dean grinned. The man was honestly so weird, always speaking so politely and properly as if he had a stick up his arse from all the political coaching he had to have gone through.
He didn't have to wait long. Castiel shifted on his knees a little more and tilted his hips toward Dean's, causing his hardness to brush against the omega's slick opening. A few seconds later Dean felt the meaty shaft pressing inside a little bit. Castiel went slow, very slow, breaching ever so slightly with the head but the sensation of stretching and the fullness still stole Dean's breath.
Once they entered the building, dark fell over them. The only things in the room that really shone any were these small labels underneath the water tanks that contained information about the animals inside. Dean found himself glad that Castiel was holding his hand.
Would he make up excuses about not having any time for group meetings? Would he say he couldn't be bothered because he had his own life now? Dean frowned. Probably just another good reason for not taking a mate and having a brood of children.
Dean nodded, closing his eyes and nuzzling underneath Castiel’s chin. “Bobby also gave me an idea about what to do with Dad,” he broached the subject carefully.
Castiel chuckled. "That's really no surprise, Dean. The cigarette lobby makes money off of omegas just like they make money off of alphas; there's no need to distinguish between the two."
"Mainly oil changes, brakes, spark plugs or vacuum lines but I have had to repair some car accident damages too."
Castiel sniffed at Dean’s neck and inhaled. “Something smells good,” he claimed, purposefully leaving it ambiguous as to whether he meant Dean or the other tantalizing aromas.
His dad put on his patient parent face. "Dean, son, I know that you love working on cars and that you are proud of yourself for getting that job. So am I. But you have to realize that if you had a mate who was also wealthy, you wouldn't have to worry about any of this."
Benny raised his eyebrows. "No dipping for you, Shortstuff; you're just going to drown with how much you're planning to drink."
Once they were in Cas’ car, the older man didn’t even dare to take a hand off the wheel because of how fast he was driving, meaning he couldn’t rub Dean’s thigh calmingly like he was used to him doing. He did manage to inject some reassurance into his voice though. “Sweetheart, you need to stay calm for Sam. Breathe.”
Dean stuck his fingers in is ears to tune out Gabriel’s yabber. “La la la,” he sang loudly, “I can’t hear you!”
Dean waved his hands around in frustration. "Nothing's gone wrong, Dad. I'm just not ready for that; we've barely just kissed!"
, not really caring how good or how bad the girl was, his mind reeling. He half-heartedly listened to the judges singing superlatives about the girl before the show went into a teaser mode.
The issue that Senator Roche had brought up is a very important one and it is a pity that it has been overlooked for so long. It's been over a decade since we introduced the merit scholarships for alphas and betas and didn't think to give the same privilege to omegas under the pretence of its redundancy. I believe it is time to change that."
“You not doing much talking when you’re ‘round her place then? No wonder the baby came first,” Dean teased.
She pushes her hands out towards them. Dean can feel a gush of power rush into him, but it just whistles through his hair. Sam isn’t so lucky. He feels himself get pushed backward and is held to the peeling wood by an invisible force, his gun getting knocked from his hand. His head hits the wall hard and he struggles to keep his consciousness as blood seeps into his shirt collar.
“I haven’t forgotten my time as a human before. It was more difficult, yes, so much more effort just to stay alive, but it was also so wonderful. The feelings were more intense. The heat of the fire on a cold night and how it warmed me to the bones. The feeling of soft cotton on my skin. How a good night's sleep on a firm mattress would leave me revitalized and with a new perspective on the issues plaguing me.
Dean couldn’t think of the right words to say, so he tried to put it all into a kiss. He pulled their bodies as close together as he could and clenched his hands into the skin of Cas’s waist in a way he knew would bruise a normal human.
Sam’s head snaps up and he removes his headphones when he feels the car jerk back into the correct lane. “Cas? What’s happening?”
Dean had just finished the water when Jack came back in with the coffee. Cas nearly bumped into him when they both tried to fit through the doorway at the same time.
Dean took another look at the photo. Eileen looked fine in it to him, her eyes were shining brightly and she had little dimples in her cheeks he’d never noticed before. Maybe she was a little bit flushed, but that was to be expected for a woman who’d just given birth.
Dean spat out his toothpaste like an angry cowboy spitting tobacco at the feet of a rival. “I still can’t believe him. This is all Chad from the frat’s fault.”
“Do you remember his deal with The Empty?” Dean continued. “Where he had to experience true happiness?”
“So first of all, the living room. I kept some of the cottage’s original features, like the fireplace here, even though the chimney is too blocked to fix without smashing down the whole wall, but I fitted the new windows with double glazing.” He walked around the room, pointing to each feature in turn, and stopped to pat Miracle, who was curled up in his basket at the back of the room, next to the sliding glass door to the backyard.
His smile didn’t falter. He knew Dean wasn’t being serious, and even if he was, there was no way he’d succeed. He checked his birth certificate.
“For selling goods under false pretenses,” he huffed with the righteousness of a woman with a speak-to-the-manager haircut who’d read the terms of service one time.
She regarded Jack’s face intensely, like she was mentally reviewing their last four years of friendship. “I can’t believe I never knew you were Casper Kline’s son! I mean, same last name, same face. It’s so obvious!”
Dean extended a hand to his brother, who clambered back into the boat, doing his best not to rock them. Sam kissed the tops of his family’s heads in turn and sat down on Harry’s other side.
Sam reached for Jack who was furthest to the left. Despite his all-powerful God abilities, he was actually very easy to over-power once you knew all his ticklish spots. With a pinch to his waist, Jack broke rank and let Sam past.
“I wish I had told you this yesterday. Last week, two years ago, a decade ago, but I guess I was too much of a fool to realize.
Dean gave him a shove in her direction. He politely took her arm and led her to the dance floor just as the upbeat song that was playing ended and was replaced with a slow ballad. Brigid took the opportunity to wrap her arms around the small of Cas’s back and rest her head on his chest.
Cas stares after him for a moment, then turns back to his vessel. He hovers his hand over the length of the body, a faint, flickering light emanating from his palm. He frowns.
Dean breathes a sigh of relief but doesn’t move his hands. He runs his thumb over Cas’s cheekbone. “How’re you feeling?”
Dean picked him back off the floor and acted like he’d been bouncing him on his hip the entire time when Sam re-entered the room, now wearing a smart maroon shirt.
Cas looks at the small trail of blood behind them and sighs when he realizes he’s going to have to mop all that up, too. “Hmm. I guess we could put something down. Do you have some tarp?”
The sudden relief from the pain has him sitting back on his heels, his head back and panting, a small smile tugging at his lips.
Sam and Eileen came to visit when Dean was done. Sam helped her out of the car and up the stairs to the front door, as she cradled her ever-growing bump.
“Hey, if you want to hook up with Cas, I wouldn’t mind. As long as I get to watch.” She winked at him.
Jack did as he was told. He sat down in his usual spot and added the final touches of gravy onto his plate. He was about to start eating when he caught a glare from Cas out of the corner of his eye. Reluctantly, he added a scoop of peas to the mix, then used his powers to turn off his taste buds so he couldn’t taste the little green balls of evil.
Cas uses his now free hand to fish the keys out of his pocket and unlock the trunk. He stared down at the body lying under the assorted ammunition and candy wrappers Dean had chucked back there.
Sam stared at him in disbelief. “Is that what this is? You’ve just realized you’re in love with the guy you’ve been dating for years, and you’re having a big gay freak out about it?” he scoffed.
Dean put down his turkey baster and crossed the room. He put his finger under Harry’s top lip and lifted it.
“Is he now?” Sam made a pointed look at Jack, but he didn’t seem to be following. Sam rolled his eyes.
One vampire caught Dean off guard and managed to shove him into a wall. Dean felt a blinding pain in his back and blood started to pour out of him. He knew this was serious, but despite the pain, he felt calm. He knew it was his time, and he was ready.
“Nothing… just need some fresh air, I think.” Dean clenched his jaw to try to help relieve any of the tension.
Dean cleared his throat. “You’re wrong. She is weird.” Dean expressed, and Mr. Novak let a natural laugh flow through the room. “Whatever you say, Dean.” Dean felt an odd sort of pride for making him laugh. There was a moment of silence before Mr. Novak’s eye began to wander.
He knew this was going to happen one day. He knew it was going to be like this, and he considered himself lucky that he wasn’t in the room when his dad came in.
Dean tried to salvage something for his breakfast, but he couldn’t. He only had enough for Sam’s dinner tonight, and maybe if he got lucky, a little bit for himself. He would just have to eat a lot at school today. Maybe steal an apple.
“I don’t know whether that’s impressive, or just a testament to her personality.” They both laughed, and Dean couldn’t help but get uncomfortably hot. He rolled his sleeves up and set his hands back down on the table. Cas’s eyes travelled down to where his initials were etched on his skin. The bandages were higher now, but he could still see the scrapes.
As Dean watched out the window, he noticed the street lights started flickering. He thought that maybe he was just imagining it, maybe tired, but the more he watched, the more he could see them.
Dean really considered just turning the other way and pretending that he didn’t see him, but it was too late for that. Castiel gave him a soft smile, but there was a crease in his eyebrows that Dean could identify as worry.
Castiel and Dean left the restaurant and drove back to the school, and they were soon at Dean’s car.
“Yeah?” Cas whispered, grabbing the back of Dean’s head and gently guiding him back down to the pillow. Dean followed without any hesitation.
Cas grumbled into his mouth but Dean didn’t really care what he said. Cas rubbed his hands up and down Dean’s back and decided to slip his hands up Dean’s shirt and grab him by the waist. Cas’s hands stopped when he felt the lump on Dean’s back and his flinch. He pulled back immediately.
“You okay?” Cas asked gently, and Dean nodded, gritting his teeth. Sammy pulled back and looked at Dean, studying his face.
“How come you got to see my whole life, but I didn’t get to see yours?” Dean passed his previous comment before Cas could say anything. Cas looked like he thought for a second, and then reached his hand and set it on Dean’s.
He was in the living room. Everything was quiet and dark, and Castiel could see all of the precautions against the world. There were sigils and wards and Castiel was just lucky that he didn’t put any against angels, like the angel blade. There was salt all around the corners and Castiel knew how scared he was against a surprise attack.
Dean shook his head, going to grab his close to get dressed. He knew he had a long day ahead of him.
“You don’t remember that?” Dean shook his head and turned to look back at the house. Cas worriedly examined Dean’s face, looking for any lacerations. Dean just looked at Cas, noticing how his face was so distressed.
Cas unfurled his grace entirely into Dean, feeling Dean’s body accept it hungrily. He could feel Dean’s every move, every emotion, everything in his head. They were sharing this moment together, in each other’s arms, both feeling ways they had never experienced. It was becoming too much for Dean, and Cas could feel it. Cas wanted nothing more than to continue, to feel Dean wholly and completely, but they had to do slowly. This isn’t how it was supposed to happen.
“Finding your soulmate has made you a lot happier, you know that? At least you won’t be grumpy anymore.” A blush rose from his neck and settled onto his cheeks and he frowned playfully at her.
“Yes.” He looked down, and Mr. Novak took a step forward. “What…” Castiel trailed off, clearing his throat. “What are your letters?” Both of their hearts were racing. Dean’s whole body was tense, and Mr. Novak could barely even hear his own thoughts.
“Sorry,” He mumbled, looking down at his feet. Cas leaned forward and put his thumb on Dean’s chin and lifted his face so he could look into his eyes. “Don’t ever be sorry. In fact, I’m sorry, that this is what you have. I want to make a difference in your life, if you’ll let me.” Dean blinked the tears out of his eyes and a wistful, yet hopeful smile perked up on Dean’s lips. “Do you trust me?” Cas asked with a strong voice, biting his lip and looking down into the eyes of the boy he’d come to care so deeply about.
“I’ll just get you guys some water.” She went off and Dean bit his lip. “She’s always like this.” Dean mumbled, trying to get over this embarrassment. “That’s okay. She’s quite delightful, actually.”
“If I tell you can we get back to what we were doing?” Dean asked with a whine, rolling his eyes and Cas nodded. Dean took a deep breath.
They continued to talk and they ordered food and they just had a good time until Dean realized he did not have money to pay for his meal. He was almost shocked that it took him this long to remember he didn’t have any money, but he chalked it up to having a good time and being overwhelmed with this whole soulmate thing.
“If I promise not to look, can I make you feel better?” Cas asked, and this one was met with some hesitation from Dean, not just an outright denial. Dean started to nod his head gently, and Cas sighed a breath of relief. Cas lifted his hand and tangled it in Dean’s hair, allowing some anxiety relief to permeate through all the emotions. Cas tried his hardest not to look, but he could feel some terrible things. Dean was so scared, so concerned. For him and Sam.
“It’s been a hard couple of years for him.” Dean spoke softly, trying to find a way out of this conversation. “And for me.” He added, and Castiel took a deep breath in, trying not to think about all of the things Dean had been through.
“What do you want to do when we wake up? We have the whole day.” Cas asked Dean, and Dean thought for a second,
Dean’s other hand reached up and tangled his fingers in Cas’s hair, tilting his head back as he started to trail kisses down Cas’s jaw.
“What are you doing here?” Dean pulled back, moving his legs to stand up. He was so shaky though that he couldn’t support his weight. He fell forward, back onto Cas, and Cas caught him.
“It’s worth checking out to keep you boys safe.” Bobby patted Dean on the shoulder when Sam ran out of the kitchen and saw Bobby. “Bobby!” He shouted, running over and climbing onto his lap.
The bell at the door rang and Dean turned his head and was greeted with a perfectly disheveled Castiel.
“Well it’s pretty much the same things, like Sammy getting hurt or John hurting me but now it’s more about John getting to you and making you leave me because he tells you how terrible I am or what if he even hurts you? I dream about that a lot too, like I come back and you’re gone and I don’t know if it’s because John hurt you or John told you about all of this shit I’m dealing with or-” Cas cut his long-winded confession off.
“What are you doing?” Cas asked, stepping out onto the stairs. From this angle, he could see the red tear streaks that were left on Dean’s face, and his heart jumped into his throat. “What’s wrong?” Cas asked again, walking to meet Dean at the end of his steps.
“Please, Dean, please can we call the police? It’s been so long and you said last time-” “No, Cas! He’ll kill me! Or worse, he’ll kill Sam! What if he knows about you, too? What if he’s been following us and fuck-”
“Shit,” Dean whispered out curses as he stumbled tiredly to the boy’s room. Cas slowly peeked into the room and saw Dean pick up Sam and hold him close to his chest. Sam sobbed violently into Dean’s chest and Dean rocked him back and forth, whispering sweet things into his ears. Cas’s heart broke at the sight, and he bit his lip and tried to keep from saying anything.
“It seems like an invasion of privacy, I know. I promise you it’s not intentional. I think my father had something to do with it, though I’m not sure what. But when my oldest brother met his soulmate, my father seemed extremely… worried, and had some big talk with him. Michael is the only one who’s met his soulmate. Well-” Cas flashed a smile at Dean. “Now the two of us. Lucifer and Gabriel have not.”
Cas reluctantly walked over to Dean and set a hand on the back of his neck, and Dean froze up. Cas held his breath until Dean lifted his head and looked up at him with red, tear stained eyes and Cas bit his lip. Dean suddenly shot up out of his seat, trying to hold in the tears, but failing. Tears streamed down his face, and he shook his head. “I-I’m sorry…” Dean trailed off, and Cas shook his head. “Don’t ever, ever be sorry Dea-” Dean launched forward and wrapped his arms around Cas’s torso, and Cas almost immediately reacted.
He didn’t have anywhere to go. He was so scared that he had started to, unknowingly, make his way to Mr. Novak’s classroom. He held back the tears as much as he could and tried to look normal as he walked through the semi-empty hallways. He kept his eyes on the ground, and his hands behind his back to hide the shaking. He finally made it to Mr. Novak’s classroom and bit his lip as he saw it was empty of students. He opened the door gently and made eye contact with Mr. Novak, and he immediately stood up. “Dean-” Dean cut him off, his shaky voice trembling in fear.
Dean bit his lip a little bit, thinking about Cas’s father. He hadn’t seen much of him, glimpses and pieces, but Dean got the feeling that he was a big part of Cas’s life. Unlike Dean’s.
“What’s wrong with Lucifer?” Cas was dreading this question, and he wasn’t quite sure how to answer it.
Dean’s heart caught in his throat. Sam being a priority of anyone made his thoughts stutter to a stop. This was it for Cas, the way he was talking. Utmost priority: Dean had never been someone’s utmost priority. Not even his father’s.
“Was it uncomfortable, Dean?” Cas’s forehead wrinkled a bit in concern, and Dean shook his head quickly.
Dean shoved the shovel into the ground, digging a hole while Bobby prepared everything. When Dean was finished Bobby stuck the box in the hole, finished with a picture of himself. Dean pushed dirt back over the box and took a deep breath.
It was a tiny apartment, and everything seemed bare. It was empty, but at the same time it had a homey feeling with toys lying on the ground and folded clothes on a dresser. Cas got up and stretched his back, standing up and looking around. Suddenly there was a loud cry from the adjoining room. “Daddy!!” A high, shrill voice wailed and Cas pulled back and looked at the door. Dean woke up in a matter of seconds, startled, and Cas almost had to do a double take with the shouting of the word ‘daddy’. Dean was a father?
They finally made it to Sam’s school and Sam clapped excitedly. “Alright Sammy, you ready?” Dean got out and helped unbuckle Sam, grabbing his backpack and putting it on his back.
Dean’s face suddenly paled and he knew he was going to get sick again. “Pull over, quick!” He shouted, and Cas quickly pulled over and Dean hopped out of the car, getting sick on the sidewalk. He felt guilty, but he couldn’t help it; he wasn’t going to puke in his car, or in front of Mr. Novak.
Dean grabbed Sam’s school bag and turned around to get him an apple juice. Sam was sitting on his booster chair at the table, happily eating his breakfast talking about some friend named Lucy. Dean hummed in acknowledgement, prompting Sam to continue babbling.
Sam and him had frequented Cas’s apartment on the weekends. Dean thought back and it had been awhile since Cas had gone to his. “You guys need anything?” Cas snapped Dean out of his thoughts and Dean shook his head. “We’re good. I got paid last week so we’ll be good.” Cas looked up at Dean and smiled.
“What is it?” Dean turned to Cas, knowing that he had the answer. Cas made his way over and sat next to Dean. He put his head into his hands and Dean felt bad. Cas was obviously upset, but Dean was too scared to reach over and grip his hand, so he stayed pressed against the tree, heart beating wildly in his chest.
“Nothing John could ever tell me would make me leave you. Nothing you could ever say about your past could make me leave you. I’m really committed to you Dean, to us, to Sam, and I need you to know that. This is us now. It’s not just you, and it’s not just Sam. This is us.”
“He’s a hunter, with a seriously dark past. Like, think of the worst life someone could live and that’s pretty much what Dean has lived through.” Gabriel sat down on the couch as Castiel kept speaking. “He’s got this dad who is really, truly one of the most terrible people to ever set foot on this Earth. And just the sheer danger of the hunts that disgusting father took him on has me right on the edge. He has so many scars that I can’t even fix because he would lose it if he figured out I’m a ne-”
Castiel stopped him right there. “He’s a senior, and he’s actually nineteen. So, yes, he’s legal.” Gabe wagged his eyebrows. “So you’ve looked.”
“You sure have a fixer upper there, Cas.” Gabriel whispered, reaching out a hand and placing it on Cas’s shoulder.
They managed to get to Dean’s apartment, Dean practically entangled in Mr. Novak’s limbs with Sam following closely behind. Dean got the door open, and they flooded into Dean’s little, but homey apartment. “Go to bed, buddy.” Dean just managed to lean down and lovingly tap Sam’s head and send him off to bed. Cas practically dragged Dean to the couch, plopping him there and looking at him. “Do you have a thermometer?” Cas asked gently, and Dean nodded, weakly pointing to the bathroom.
“Please.” Dean pleaded, full of Cas’s grace, full of all of this love, and want. Cas simply leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him into his chest. Dean’s cheek leaned on the bare skin, and his eyes fluttered shut, suddenly sleepy.
“I know you haven’t. We’ll make anything you want. Pancakes, bacon, waffles, sausage, eggs, hash browns-” Dean grabbed the sides of Cas’s face and their lips met in the middle. Cas made a surprised noise as Dean’s soft lips chastely pressed against his, but he quickly regained composure. He watched Dean’s soft face and closed eyes
Dean woke up pressed against something warm and soft and when his eyes fluttered open, he was greeted by Cas’s sleeping body. Dean’s face was nuzzled into Cas’s torso and his arms were wrapped firmly around him. Dean couldn’t remember a lot from last night because the panic had settled in and he was just so worked up it was hard for him to remember. He did remembering coming to Cas’s, though, and how scared he was. He also remembers how safe Cas makes him feel.
“It’s not everyday you find out your soulmate has a son.” Dean’s voice was different and Cas decided he liked it much better when he was happy.
Dean gasped as Cas removed his grace, and he shoved his face into Cas’s neck to avoid looking at him. Cas’s stomach was in knots, flipping and turning around, and he hugged Dean so tightly.
Cas’s breath caught in his throat, every little reminder that Dean was his left him with a fluttering heart. A million ideas went through his head on how he could heal Dean without showing him his grace. For a brief second he considered making Dean fall asleep, so he could just heal all of his wounds there. Perhaps that would be a bit too suspicious.
“I… don’t think I…” Dean trailed off, totally speechless. He had no idea what to say. His mind was quiet, too. He just didn’t know what to think or say and Cas was sitting there watching him with such blue, concerned eyes.
“That’s okay. We’ll talk about it later.” Cas turned the light off and snuggled back in with Dean, hoping that he would at least hint at what his dream was actually about in the morning.
Cas couldn’t help it. He had to ask. “Dean, are you a father?” Dean clenched his jaw and Cas could tell that he struck a chord in Dean. “Yes.” Dean responded, but then quickly shook his head. “But no. I’m not. Sam’s my brother.” Cas was now confused as hell. “Why… are you taking care of him?” Dean shook his head. “Too long of a story. Don’t want to talk about it.” But Cas certainly did want to talk about it.
“Why are you scared? Are you scared of me?” Dean shook his head immediately. “Of course not. Just… scared of talking.” This was really the first time Dean had talked to anyone about what was on his mind in years. “You can always talk to me.” Dean gestured to the apartment building right across the street, and Cas turned in. “I know.” It ended with that, and Cas could have screamed at how happy he was to have Dean open up, even if it were only a little bit.
By the time Castiel had told the administration that he was not feeling well and that he had to go home and actually driven home, Gabe was already at his house.
“Yeah, I’d like that.” Dean’s small voice responded, and Cas stood up and they made their way over to the bedroom. Dean lifted up the corner of the blanket and slid in to cuddle up and Cas made a noise.
“He does not mean to use it for bad. He’s scared of it, scared of angels, scared of us. If I healed him, something I so desperately want to do because he is beyond hurt, he would freak out. If he even suspected I was a nephilim,” Does he even know what a nephilim is? Cas asked himself. “He would run away. I’m so scared of that. What if he runs away, Gabriel?” Castiel asked, voice quiet and subdued.
As Dean’s head started to finally clear up, he realized that Cas was here, on a hunt, around demons. Then he started to become suspicious. What were him and his brothers doing here? Why were they in the house?
Jo ran over to him and grabbed his arms, pulling him up. She brushed him off, and looked him dead in the eye.
Dean mumbled something incoherent, and Cas just sighed. “Dean, honey, wake up!” He exclaimed, and finally Dean’s eyes opened. He reached up and grabbed his chest, sitting up straight in bed. He looked around, fear in his eyes, until he saw Cas. A little pang of love went through Cas’s heart when Dean’s eyes softened.
They still tried to keep their distance at school and they went separately, knowing that they could get in trouble, but they weren’t too worried. Dean was nineteen and they were already moving, and Cas had already told them that he wasn’t going back next year.
“But he doesn’t need fixing. He is perfect exactly the way he is. He is so strong and so courageous. I would do anything to ensure his happiness and safety.” Cas finished, and Gabriel smiled.
Ellen shrugged, standing up to head back to the kitchen. “Well, we’ll give it time. Maybe he’s just not ready to talk about the world of creepy crawlies.” She set a hand on the back of Dean’s head, lost in thought. “I’m gonna go get ready for the dinner rush. You get ready for your date!” She smiled, sending him off. Sam toddled off after her, and Dean took a deep breath, trying to relax.
Dean woke up to a ringing phone, displeased with the shrill noise cutting through his sleep. He chose to forget about it and try to close his eyes, but he was too awake now. He sat up in bed, confused, when everything seemed a little bit different. He remembered a dream he had last night where Cas came and saved him from John, but everything felt so real. He could almost feel Cas under his fingertips.
Bobby looked for him, but eventually knew he just had to get out so he could get weapons more suited to fight it. Ellen and Jo searched but he could not use his voice to help them. He could not move, either. He was hit by wave after wave of nausea and everything was so overwhelming he couldn’t tell if he needed to throw up or not.
“I’m just-” Dean was cut off with the burden of having to duck below his father’s balled fist, and with as many times as he had to do this, it just felt normal. “I just have to get clothes.” Dean slunk past his father, running up the stairs into his old room and grabbing the rest of his clothes. He could hear his father stomping up the stairs after him, and he rushed out of Sam’s room, ignoring the empty bottles of whisky and vodka.
A bright light at the top of the hill got their attentions very quickly. It became so bright that they could no longer look at that. They all shielded their eyes, walking carefully towards the light. A shrill noise accompanied the light.
“C’mon Sammy,” He called out for Sam who was trailing behind him at the grocery store. Sam toddled over and grabbed onto Dean’s leg, and Dean leaned down and picked him up to put him into the cart. Dean settled down, trying to relax because he knew he had enough money for both rent and groceries this month. He half listened to Sam’s babbling, trying to plan dinners for the week.
“Maybe because he’s already been exposed to stuff like us.” Gabe shrugged. “Has he hunted Demons? Maybe that’s why, I mean demons are pretty much just the opposite of us.” Castiel shivered.
“It’s happening every night,” Jo added in. “Someone else goes missing. We can’t find any links at all. Just random people, randomly getting possessed.” Dean took it all in, knowing that something was going to happen, but ready for it.
Castiel froze and his fingers ghosted over the letters he knew he was on his wrist. “I think Dean is my… soulmate.” Castiel whispered the word soulmate as if it were a taboo word. “WHAT?!” Gabe roared, a happy look on his face. “He is so hot! Like, Cas, ruggedly hot. Like seriously. And young too! Oh my god, is he even legal?!”
“He’s encountered entirely too many demons. I plan to never have him near one again.” Gabriel laughed a little bit.
“It’s just… So much information to take in. And I don’t… want to go to my apartment yet…” Dean had no reason to be saying all of this truth, but it kind of just felt right to say at the moment. Castiel nodded in agreement.
“The second thing is, the next time you see John-” He made sure not to say your father. “I want you to call me immediately. As soon as it’s safe. I will come to you, immediately. I can’t stress this to you.” Cas’s voice was deep, and grovely, and Dean bit his lip. “I want to be there. I want to keep you safe.”
School went by without any more incidences. No shady demons, no soul mate interruptions, no calls from Bobby, no calls from Sammy’s school, and a nice calm lunch with his friends. Dean was feeling good. He had a lot of things lined up in his life right now and everything seemed to be playing out in a way that was actually going to work out.
“What if I just don’t tell them? Say you’re a hunter and you were calle-” Dean started, but Cas had to cut him off.
“Dean, you can call me whatever you want.” His hand reached out and gently grabbed Dean’s, and Dean’s heart just about stopped. Cas’s thumb rubbed circles across Dean’s skin and Dean had never felt more alive than in that exact moment.
“That sounds great. You know where it is?” Dean asked, and Cas gave him a look. “Of course I do, Dean, I just saw a great deal of your life.”
“Dean.” Cas cooed, and Dean went over to him and wrapped his arms around his neck. Cas lowered them to the bed, and Dean gripped on like his life depended on it. Cas left some words unspoken, letting Dean think all the things he needed to think.
Cas pulled out of Dean’s head, shaking himself off. He had never been in somebody else’s mind before, let alone his soul mates. The whole experience itself was moving, and he felt gratified at the peaceful look on Dean’s face.
Dean flopped back onto the bed and shut his eyes, trying so hard not to think about what was going to happen. He literally couldn’t even put himself in a place to think about it. He felt Cas’s hand brush across his cheek, and when Dean turned his head, he was met with an uneasy look.
Ellen flinched, reaching her hand out and setting it on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, Dean. Did you guys talk about it?” Dean shook his head vehemently.
Dean grabbed his face and pulled it closer and Cas smiled into the kiss. He pulled back, and reached up to give Dean a kiss on his forehead.
“You okay baby?” Cas slipped under the covers and settled in next to Dean. “No.” Dean mumbled, desperately wanting to melt into Cas’s body but blushed at the thought. “What happened?” Cas opened his arms and Dean responded immediately by sinking into him.
Dean had an increased amount of nightmares, though. This time it would not only involve his father, but Cas as well. He would dream that John would get to Cas and tell him everything and Cas would leave him. He would wake Cas up every time too so that made him feel so much worse.
Castiel saw something he found very startling. Dean had an angel blade, something Cas had never seen in real life,  in his car, wrapped up in a cloth that had all kinds of sigils he had never seen. He had books in his passenger seat about Enochian spells for summoning an angel. He could feel Dean’s intentions too. Dean did not believe in angels and was confused why someone would tell him they exist.
“What does all of this mean? I just... are you from heaven? Do you have powers? Do you ever die? Or get sick? I don’t understand-” Cas cut Dean off.
Cas gave in for what seemed like a second as Dean bit his bottom lip, making a groan come from Cas’s mouth. Dean slid his hand up Cas’s shirt, setting his cool palm on Cas’s warm stomach.
He was so lucky he started parking in the back when Ellen noticed John had been driving by the restaurant. He left his lights off, slowly moved the car, and took the right out of the restaurant lot. He still couldn’t breathe, still couldn’t move. His heart had to be beating a million miles a minute. His head throbbed and he was so
Dean managed to make his way to school while thinking about a million other things on his mind. He parked his car and grabbed his stuff, getting out.
“Yeah.” Dean slurred, pushing his face into the pillow and going back to sleep. Cas clenched his jaw and pulled away, even though he didn’t want to. He wanted to spend the night with Dean, just watching him and holding him. Now he was really starting to sound creepy.
“Food.” Cas moaned, feeling Dean’s hunger. He was surprised Dean was not skinnier by how much he didn’t eat. “So hungry, Dean. Not nearly enough food for you. You need to eat.” Dean nodded.
“Do you wanna meet your soulmate, daddy?” Dean’s heart sped up a little bit. “Well, when you meet the soulmate, the first time you touch you can see their whole life. So the first time my soulmate touches me they’ll see everything that’s happened in my life.” Dean flinched at even the thought. Of course he wanted to meet his soulmate, but he sure as hell didn’t want his whole life put on display.
Dean obliged, happy enough to get attention from anyone, let alone someone he wanted it from. “You poor thing,” Cas took the thermometer out of Dean’s mouth and set his hand on Dean’s forehead. “You’re burning up. You need some water?” Dean needed water, yes, but he would never bother Mr. Novak with that sort of thing. He shook his head, and Cas shrugged, sitting next to Dean.
“It wasn’t always like this.” This startled Cas out of his thoughts, and he looked to the right of him at a sick, pale Dean. “I wasn’t always this quiet. I would have made conversation with you, but now I’m just scared.” Cas was shocked at how Dean’s words just kept flowing from his mouth, like he was going to tell Cas his whole life story. Happiness struck Cas deep in his core.
“What is that?” Bobby scrambled up off the ground, standing in front of Dean protectively. “Oh, relax old man.” The demon spoke, brushing him off. Bobby was suddenly transported back to the car and was unable to get out.
“We can both lay in your bed. Maybe… talk, or watch a movie.” Dean shyly recommended and Cas’s eyes lit up like the fourth of July.
“They are safe. They found safety while you fell unconscious. I got you out the house and they met up with us out there. I told them that I would take care of you and they shouldn’t worry.” Dean knew he should be asking more questions but he didn’t have the mental capacity right now.
Dean cut that thought off immediately. “He’s not my soulmate, Charlie. We’ve touched before.” Although Dean could not think of a specific time, he knew they had to have touched. Charlie shook her head.
“That’s not a demon, is it?” Dean asked, watching as it disappeared into the night. Cas shook his head, knowing that was Lucifer escaping. He cursed internally, knowing that Michael was going to come out any minute and be upset with their failure. Cas had to get Dean out of there, though.
“When he hid in the washing machine to scare Michael but he ended up trapped in there was probably the funniest thing to ever happen to me and I wasn’t even there.” Castiel laughed again, but in a sense it made him kind of sad because Dean hadn’t really ever had anything fun.
But, Sam went willingly today, grabbing his backpack and toddling into the school. “Bye daddy!” He shouted behind him, disappearing into the building. Dean sighed softly, shutting the door and getting back in the driver’s side.
“Sam!” Cas exclaimed, kneeling down to pick the boy up as he ran to him. “Hi Cas.” Sam muttered into his shoulder and Dean laughed. “I made some lasagna and a salad.” Cas walked over to Dean and pecked his cheek, setting Sam down on the ground so he could get dinner set up.
“Now, come on. You’re the one who said we had to communicate. Talk about our feelings and shit. So–”
“I told you, Cas. That teenybopper ruins everything,” Dean snarked, forgetting his self-imposed silence.
“Nothing bad, don’t worry.” He said, quickly, upon seeing Cas’s startled expression. “It’s about… sex.”
“Damn right!” Dean says out loud, then laughs maniacally to himself. “Oh, this is brilliant. I can finally say everything I’ve wanted to say for the last two weeks! Sammy, screw you for shooting me. That hurt like a bitch. And you need a haircut, you’re starting to look even more ridiculous than usual. And podcasts are for girls—”
The leather-jacketed girl startled at being addressed so abruptly. “I’m Maisie. Claire’s girlfriend.”
“That’s different. Cars are easy. This? This is torture. I’ll take Hell a hundred times over if I never have to look at this smorgasbord again.”
“Dean? Where are you? Are you okay?” Sam’s worried voice crackles down the line, the signal in this remote village not being great.
Miracle, who was long since used to Jack appearing out of thin air, rushed to his side and jumped at his legs. Jack half-heartedly lent down to stroke him.
With a sigh, he pauses the film and gets to his feet, ready to cuss out his little brother for getting home hours early and ruining his afternoon.
“Now you’ve quit hunting, your chances of getting seriously injured are greatly reduced. Small injuries and problems are part of the human experience, and anything major, we can always call on Jack for help.”
Sam rearranges his grip and sets down his end of the body, Cas following with his shortly afterward. Sam catches sight of the alarm clock on the dresser and jolts. He checks his phone to confirm the time’s correct.
Dean turned back to Jack. “Lunch is getting cold. Get over here. And button your damn shirt at the table. This is a respectable fucking household.”
Dean was taken aback. “Well, your ages average out. What the hell are you going to do about this? You need to clean this up before Sam sees!”
“Okay, first of all? Rude. Second,” he paused, and ran his hands down his face, “it’s just, you know…”
“She played tonsil tennis with you in the middle of the restaurant?” Claire asked, somehow equally impressed and disgusted.
Cas reaches two fingers toward his vessel’s forehead, taps him, then quickly grabs the Enochian-inscribed handcuffs next to his head and snaps one side around Dean’s wrist.
He stretched and groaned a little as he stood up and made his way to his dresser. Cas wondered if he should leave or at least turn around when he realized what he was about to do, but Dean made no indication he was uncomfortable with Cas being there. Still, Cas did his best to avert his gaze, but he couldn't help himself from catching a glimpse of Dean shirtless.
Dean and Cas walk toward Cas’s room. There’s no discussion; it’s like they can read each other’s thoughts.
“Give me one second.” Dean walked to the sidewalk where the dog he found earlier is sitting. He checked his neck for a collar but found nothing.
Cas hums appreciatively. “I have always liked this part of the world. It is full of natural wonders like this.”
“Good morning, Sam. Would you like some breakfast?” Cas may have addressed Sam, but he didn’t look away from Dean as he walked over to the table.
“No, no, no, Cas.” Dean squeezed his hand tighter. “I didn’t talk to you because I couldn’t say anything in front of Sam. How am I supposed to just have a regular conversation with you after a confession like that?” He laughed. “I was staring at you because I was worried if I looked away for a second you’d disappear on me again. And I wasn’t disgusted. I was embarrassed you’d caught me staring.”
“I need to clean the bullet wound, too. I’ve spared enough grace to stop the bleeding, but I can’t waste any more on something non-fatal. It will need stitches.”
Sam fishes out the pestle and mortar from the back of one of the cupboards, and at Cas’s direction, a small vial from a storage cupboard. Dean can smell some strange odor coming from the pestle so he brings it to his nose to sniff it.
Cas shakes his head dismissively and points at his head. “I’m fine, your brother is just being a whiny baby.”
Dean followed him into the room. His eyes were a bit glassy, and he seemed to have trouble focusing. Sam was doing his best to hide behind his much shorter brother. He was even more out of it than Dean.
Dean and the others turned to face the counter. In the middle was the cake, fully restored to its former glory, with no icing missing, and not a flower out of place. The only difference was the addition of a wedding topper of a tall man with long hair and a much shorter woman, wearing clothing identical to what Sam and Eileen had on.
“So, you got it?” He squints curiously at the tomato in Cas’s hand. “That doesn’t look much like a flower.”
“Let’s go, then!” Jack said cheerfully to everyone. He looked around for a moment and found Harry a few yards away, now letting the snail crawl across his cheek. He whined when Jack placed the snail back in the dirt and wiped his sleeve across the trail on his face.
Cas adjusts the pillows around his vessel’s head, then takes off the shoes. It’s pointless, he knows, but he thinks the vessel should be comfortable.
The next morning, after Sam's guy confirms he has what they need, they start loading their supplies into the Impala. Dean is pleased to note that he doesn’t have to pack a change of clothes, or any snacks, or even stop to sleep or pee. It would be the easiest road trip ever if he didn’t have to bring his annoying human brother with him.
By the time Cas finished, both of them had tears streaming down their faces. Dean used the sleeve of his plaid shirt to wipe his cheeks.
They left the bathroom and headed to the spare room. It was plainly decorated with light blue walls, a deep pile carpet, and simple furnishings.
Sam started making small talk with Cas, now the boys were gone, welcoming him back, but Dean couldn’t focus on anything they were saying. He kept looking back in the rear-view mirror. Occasionally, their eyes would lock and he’d quickly look away.
Of course, he still got regular updates from Sam about his new life. He had been delighted to receive a copy of the first scan picture which made its way to the pride of place on the fridge.
Just as the sun was starting to set, they took a turn down a narrow dirt track that was so bumpy he apologized to his car’s suspension the whole way. The track led to a river separating two fields, one of wheat and the other corn. Dean parked the car and reached into the back for the beers, then gestured for Cas to get out. They sat on Baby’s hood and watched the sun disappear under the horizon, and the moon rise to take its place.
Sam follows Cas out of the check-in office with a little jog. “Hey, why’d you get two rooms? You don’t sleep.”
How could he not? It was the case of the decade, the only thing on the news at the moment. They had CCTV footage of the guy murdering a homeless man in broad daylight in Chicago while one hundred witnesses swore blind he was giving a benefit for recovering drug addicts in LA at the exact same time. No one could explain it.
“We have had a few noise complaints from the neighbors,” she pondered. “You know, it’s not fair they get to have all the fun. Next time you confiscate drugs from Jack, invite me over.”
How could his brother be so oblivious to the way Cas looked at him? “That wasn’t his usual stare. He was looking at you like you were his own personal oxygen supply, like you hung the moon and stars in the sky, like he’s just discovered the meaning of life in your eyes.”
Sam picks up Cas’s blade from the counter and tucks it into his jacket pocket then links his arm through Dean’s, who is too busy still arguing with Cas to register until it’s too late. Cas allows them to be led from the shop and Dean mercifully stops arguing once they’re outside. Well, arguing out loud.
Everett slowly turns to Sam. He had been watching the exchange with wry amusement, chuckling when, from his point of view, the same person raised and lowered their voice to argue with themself. “I see what you mean.”
He resists the urge to sigh again. Father give him strength. “When I pulled you out of hell, I rebuilt your body from the atoms up.”
Cas wrenched his hands out of Dean’s and stormed from the room. He took his coat and shoes from the hallway, and without even bothering to put them on, headed out to his car.
Cas reached into his trench coat pocket and pulled out the quarter he’d been flipping all day. “Heads for angel, tails for human.”
Jack snapped his fingers. It wasn’t immediately obvious anything had happened, but if Dean looked closely, he could see the slightest difference in Jack’s face. His jawline was a bit softer and his cheeks were fuller.
“Don’t look at me like that. You know, you’re way too pent up. Stressful job, new kid. You could do with this more than me.”
Sam pursed his lips. “Real mature, dude. Couldn’t you have taught him something else?” He addressed the last sentence at Cas, who had finally caught up and entered the room with much less fanfare.
’” Zehra mimicked. “He’s so modest. The guy is a savant. He’s revolutionized the field. What must it be like for you, to be in his presence every day?”
Sam decided that was better than nothing. They put their shoes and coats back on then headed out to Dean's car. On muscle memory, Sam reached for the passenger door but was shoved aside by Dean.
The man scoffed a laugh and reached into his back pocket to pull out a switchblade, which he flicked open to reveal a two-inch knife.
A minute or an eternity later Dean pulled back slightly, chuckling lightly when Cas tried to chase after his lips.
An old hunter friend of theirs, Gail, was looking to retire a bit from the life; her knees weren’t what they used to be, and she couldn’t have ghosts throwing her up against walls anymore. They gave her the keys to the bunker so she could help other hunters with the lore and still save people, even if it was in a slightly less hands-on manner.
He lowers his voice to a growl and says out loud, “I am an Angel of the Lord. I raised you from perdition. Dean, we don’t need to eat bacon.”
“Wait, seriously?” Sam took the top bun off his burger and grabbed the bacon off the top and gave it a sniff. With a doubtful glance at Dean, he took a small bite. “Woah, that actually is veggie bacon.”
“That was hot as shit.” Dean met Cas halfway and kissed him full on the mouth, knowing the homophobe was still watching. “I knew there was a reason I liked you.”
She checks the ancient computer on the desk next to her for a moment before saying, “We have two double rooms, next door to each other. How does that sound?”
Sam’s voice had gotten very loud as he finally let out weeks worth of exasperation. He took a breath and lowered the volume to a regular level. “Look, I’m happy for you guys, okay? You don’t have to hide it from me.”
A weak groan caused his attention to drift. On another couch, perpendicular to his own, was Charlie, looking as terrible as he imagined he did. She was missing a shoe, her hair was splayed all over the armrest, and she had a feather boa he had a vague memory of wrapped around her neck.
Sam took his slice of pie and splatted it into Dean’s face. Sam couldn’t stop himself from laughing at Dean's unamused expression. The slice of pie slowly fell off and landed back on the plate with a small thud.
Sam regards him with curiosity, years of living in tight quarters and hunting shape-shifting monsters having trained him to notice the smallest differences in his companions.
Jack had long since tired of this argument so didn’t even bother to entertain it. He turned to Zehra. “We’re about to go out to Wahlburgers, do you want to come?
After several more insufferably boring minutes as the rest of the student body collected their diplomas had passed and everyone had thrown their hats in the air to raucous applause, they were finally allowed out of their seats to congratulate Jack.
Cas’s fingers tighten in his hair and pull his face impossibly closer and Dean can only respond with a deep moan, summoned from the back of his throat without his permission.
“Good natural light.” Sam had no idea about decorating and was just repeating a phrase he’d heard on a home design show last week. Unemployment wasn’t suiting him.
One Tuesday afternoon, Dean got a phone call while he was clipping his toenails over the trash can in the living room. Cas thought this was one of the most disgusting aspects of human life, and always left the room. He was hiding upstairs with Jack playing on his new games console that he’d gotten as a celebration present. Cas did very well on the strategy-based games, thanks to his billions of years commanding heavenly armies, but failed miserably on the first-person shooters.
Dean slumped into the house after work. He’d been picking up the late shifts for the last few weeks while Diego was on paternity leave and he was exhausted. Maybe Cas would ease some of his stress…
Sam tries to ignore the arguing in the passenger seat the long mile to the motel. He pulls into the parking lot and expects Cas to follow him out, but he remains seated.
Cas climbed into the bed and lay on his back. Dean turned off the lights and blindly felt his way into the bed. He put one arm around Cas’s waist before looking down at him in the darkness.
Jody announced dinner was ready a few minutes later. She’d had to push two tables together to have space for all of them. Dean shoved Jack and Claire down to the smaller and slightly lower table at the end, where they were shortly joined by Kaia and Harry.
They all grabbed a side of the cake board and carried it out to the dancefloor, careful not to drop it a second time.
Cas leans back on the table and rests his hands, palms down, next to him. He searches his memories for any details that might be important.
“Well, I can drive if he prefers. I’ve just found a new podcast series on whale migration I’ve been dying to listen to but haven’t had a chance yet. Four days straight driving should be enough.”
Dean huffed a laugh. “We have actually toned it down a bit recently. We’re both getting older and neither of us can be bothered with the schemantics on the regular anymore.”
She takes a step toward him, all the while chanting. The window shatters, causing shards of glass to spray across the room. Some of it hits Dean and cuts through his clothes, but the glass may as well be feathers for how much it hurts his skin. Her hair blows back from her face, pushed by the whirlwind of air, the blood vessels in her neck bulge and pulse, her pupils so wide there’s no hint of color.
After Cas had his first outfit on, Eileen made him do an imaginary runway walk through the clothing aisles that he did not enjoy one bit. She laughed at his sullen expression the whole time. Once they’d tried everything on, they put a few clothes on the discard piles and went to pay for the rest.
“You barely knew her either, but that didn’t stop you from having intercourse with her in the backseat of your car. The same seat you have made me sit in on numerous occasions.”
“Rowena mentioned them once. I say ‘mentioned’. It was a half-hour rant. One of them stole a spell of hers in 1846 and she’s still not over it.”
“Daddy! Swim, swim!” he yelled, delighted to be joined in his new game, and Sam suddenly realized the sounds he thought were screams of dread were actually squeals of delight.
Sam sets down his cutlery and joins Cas at the map table. Cas directs Sam to the top end of the vessel, while he takes the feet. Dean gags when he sees the bone sticking through the leg again.
They stop at Dean’s room, at his request, to pick up his phone and check his messages before heading down to the archive room. Luckily, it is well-alphabetized so it is easy to find the box labeled ‘Angels’. He opens it and finds several files, documenting everything the Men of Letters ever discovered about angels, which isn’t much. He skips past Abilities, Personality, and Fighting Styles to Weaknesses and starts reading.
Cas appeared at the door to the barn. He looked around in confusion at the decapitated bodies on the floor and as to how he got there. His eyes eventually met Jack’s and he started to walk forwards, the sparks still raining down on him. Jack ran forward and hugged him, burying his face in Cas’s shoulder. “I did it! I wasn’t sure if I could, but I could! I brought you back, Cas!”
Dean steels himself and takes a firm grip of the handle. With a sharp pull, he yanks the blade clean out of his hand. Somehow, it hurts more coming out than it did when it pierced his flesh for the first time. He doesn’t have long to scream before Cas lights his hand in gold and heals the wound.
Sam was cut off by Dean wrapping his arms around him. He squeezed so tightly, Sam actually struggled to breathe after a while. Dean let go after he started to tap out on his shoulder.
After Dean had calmed down somewhat, Jack had left to go and see Sam. He and Eileen hadn’t been on a date for a while and had managed to convince Jack to be a free babysitter under the guise of getting to hang out with Harry for the evening. Jack had been ecstatic.
“Charlie, would you like a lift back to your motel?” he asked in a much more sympathetic voice than the one he used on Dean.
Charlie conjured what Dean was sure was a fake driver's license from somewhere near the top of her dress and handed it over. He couldn’t work out where she’d been stashing that. There were no pockets on that tiny dress and she had no purse with her.
“And then I met you, and you were the best friend I ever had. Losing you hurt more than anyone else, more than words can describe. I should have realized then that that was more than losing a friend. That I felt something more for you.
Eileen led him towards the men’s clothing, not letting him look behind himself, where the sales assistant was already telling the story of what just happened to her colleague. The two of them laughed.
“I knew you’d say that. Thought you’d take longer to come see me, though. Sit,” he patted the bed next to him.
“I’ll take that as a yes, then. What do you fancy? An apartment in the city? We can move to LA and become film stars. Buy a yacht and sail it into the ocean? Spend the day whale watching and sunbathing? Get a house in the suburbs in an HOA and have nosey Karens spying on us every second of the day?”
Cas cut him off with a kiss. In all the resulting commotion, no one noticed the first aid kit and the small glass vial get shoved to the floor.
“Ex-angel problems, huh?” Dean smirked. “Anyways, as lovely as this little catch-up has been, we’ve got a busy schedule.”
“Sorry, buddy, no pets allowed in the restaurant. But I’ll send you as many snails as you want once you’re back home.”
He leaned forward and placed a lingering kiss on his cheek. When he pulled back, Cas was staring intensely into his eyes. Cas put his hand on the back of Dean's neck and pulled him closer so their lips met.
Sam and Dean stood at the front of the aisle at the registry office in their matching gray suits, dark blue ties, and accompanying pocket squares that Dean had complained about but Sam insisted were necessary. At least it wasn't a boutonni
“Dean’s idea.” Sam sat at the table and looked at Cas, smirking. “So, Cas. Jack told me about your deal. With The Empty. How you had to experience true happiness for it to take you. And we were wondering… what happened?” Sam failed to keep the teasing tone from his voice.
“Don’t you touch me!” she screeched. “This is your fault! You put that jacket on him! Did you even check it was on right?”
That was a fair point. “Oh well, less time to wait.” He rubbed his hands together with glee. “I’m gonna be the coolest uncle. They’re going to prefer me to you, hands down. That kid’s going to
Everett waves the blade at Cas, reminding him to keep his distance. “Don’t go thinking we’re friends, feathers. You stay there. Sam, you can come to the back room.”
They worked together in this way until the crib was finished. Dean pushed all his weight on it to check it was sturdy.
Cas’s face, which had up until now been looking very confused, softened. “Of course, Dean. You can always talk to me. About anything. Communication is very important in relationships.” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s arm.
Cas reached into his own pocket for his gift, his eyes still burning a hole in the back of Dean’s head. “I made you something, too. And no one had to suffer for these.”
“For one, you didn’t order any food. You must be going through something if you’re off your food. And two, you didn’t bat an eyelid when I ordered avocado on toast. On any normal day, you’d mock me for my hippie food. Now what gives?”
Cas doesn’t know what he’s talking about, so he takes a seat in the chair at the desk and cradles his hands in his lap.
The screaming sounds got louder the closer they got. Soon they could make out a head of dark brown hair poking up at them.
Cas considers it for a moment. “I suppose I am willing to forgive you for being a petulant brat if it means I can punch your brother.”
“You couldn’t even stop fidgeting for two seconds, and now you're making a fool of us in front of this nice man. And I told you, no talking to anyone except Sam.”
“Didn’t change much here. Just some new paint on the walls. The sofa folds out to a bed in case you guys come to stay. Jack’s room next. I’ll warn you, I let him decorate.”
“Sammy!” Dean tries to stand to go to his brother, but yells in pain as he tugs on the blade in his hand,
Dean holds his hand out to Cas. Cas turns his hand upside down and presses their palms together. “Deal.”
Charlie was dressed to the nines in a tight black dress and strappy red heels. He’d never seen her, or his world’s version of her, quite like this.
“You’ve only had control of one half of your body for twenty-five days, it might be a shock to you to have both legs again.
A few minutes after they’d finished their ice creams, a man walked past advertising paddleboat rentals. Dean instantly jumped at the opportunity.
Sam hesitantly gripped Dean’s wrist where it lay in front of him on the table. “Do you remember what I told you the first time you guys slept together?”
Dean came out of the kitchen a moment later wearing a white apron slung over his jeans and a single layer of a soft green Henley that he usually wore in the kitchen due to the heat and Cas always appreciated it. “Hey babe, what are you doing here?” Dean kissed him on the cheek.
Dean lowers his leg down to the next step, without letting go of the railing. Cas nudges his foot down so they’re on the same step. They continue in this manner, shuffling sideways, until they reach the bottom of the stairs.
Cas points to the next item on the list. “Hysleria root. This is a common ingredient amongst Wiccans in Canada, but it’s less common in the US as it only grows in cold climates. Do you have any idea where we might get it?”
“Look, she’s a fine lady, okay? She deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. I’m saving her for something special, not some salad or whatever it is you eat.”
Dean eagerly poured two pills onto his hand and popped them into his mouth. “I guess you have some redeeming qualities. Jack, make yourself useful. Go get my coffee.”
Dean fought down a smile and tried to say in his most forlorn voice, “Yes. Sam’s terrible habit has nearly torn our family apart several times. But I’ve been with him every step of the way, trying to get him clean and he’s really starting to turn his life around now.”
“I do say so. You’re a middle-aged woman’s wet dream. Cute as hell, good with kids, you give off a dorky, non-threatening vibe in your little sweater vests.”
“So what’s new with you, kid?” Dean asked once Jack had finished his peas and activated his taste buds again.
“With great power comes great responsibility, Mr. Potter,” Dean said in a poor imitation of Yoda's voice.
“That is bisexual brother, thank you very much, and clearly you do. Making a lady in her condition sit in the backseat. Shame on you.” He shook his head.
Dean watched with rapt attention and an utterly enamored look on his face. He didn’t notice Sam had walked into the room and was surveying the scene until Cas turned around with the finished food and spoke.
“Actions,” he said, pulling Cas up the path, passed the nicks in the trees from where Claire had used Jack as a moving target for her knife-throwing practice, passed the patch of scorched grass where Claire and Jack had tried to cook a fish from the lake, passed the now-broken homemade trap they’d made to catch what they thought was a stray cat but turned out to be a feral possum. Wow, he needed to stop letting those two be unattended in his garden.
Dean insists on walking there rather than flying, not that he’s scared, because he isn’t, but because he wants to see as much as he can.
The sound of more anger in Cas’s voice than he had ever heard caused him to freeze still just outside the front door. His feet felt like they were welded to the ground as he watched Cas get in his car and slam the door.
. A worthless, piece of crap hunter, good for nothing but slicing and dicing. No.” He shook his head firmly. “This is how I was always meant to die. Doing the family business.” He looked into Jack’s eyes, imploring him.
Cas doesn’t have to search his memory long for that discussion; it had been at the forefront of his mind ever since he said it. “Yes. Did you mean it about it being a date?”
“It’s a big pay rise, but it’s also a longer commute into the city. I might also have to go abroad on occasion.”
“Good,” Sam said, before leaving the room and returning with a flat pack box with a picture of a child’s dresser on the front, “because we still need to assemble the Songesand.”
She picked up the life jacket and put it back onto his protesting body, making sure to buckle it extra tight.
“So much. It’s not every night yet, but most. Eileen can’t wait to smash that bracelet you gave her with a mallet.”
Dean barrelled his way past the other parents and made it to him first. He punched Jack in the same spot, causing him to wince slightly.
Sam ignored him. “My point is, that’s how he looked at you when you first got together, and he hasn’t stopped. I don’t think anyone has ever been in love more than he is with you. He’ll forgive you. Just give him some time.”
The drag queen sighed disappointedly and called back into the living room. “Hey, is your name Dean?”
Later that evening, after everyone was done learning their new cover stories, Dean and Cas were alone on their usual spot on the sofa. Sam had taken Miracle out for a walk and was video-calling Eileen to tell her the news that she officially existed again, and Jack was still at the map table, filling out the last piece of information on his application.
“Okay!” Eileen stepped between the two of them and pushed them apart with a hand of each of their chests. “If you two are done bickering, can we actually see this house Sam took two wrong turns trying to find?”
Sam took a few steps back. “I’ve seen what you two get up to in public. I don’t know if I want to see what’s in there.”
Before Cas can react, Sam runs with his two coordinated feet to the other side of the room. He holds the phone up and starts a new video. “If you want it, come and get it.”
Cas had started to breathe heavily, as he let Dean push him the last step needed for his back to be flush against the hallway wall.
“Because it feels amazing in the moment. Look, don’t knock it till you try it. I’m sure Eileen would love to get the strap out.”
“Nah, that mutt’s been running around for days.” The man's voice was gruff, with a heavy southern drawl. “Think it’s a stray. Keeps eating out my trash can.” He glared at the dog, as if warning it off.
“I don’t want things to be uncomfortable between us. I only said it because I thought I would never see you again. This,” he gestured between them, “was not part of the plan. But-" he took a deep breath, "-I meant everything I said and I don’t regret it. I understand you don’t feel the same way and I made my peace with that a long time ago. I would like it if we’d be able to remain friends.” This was very different from Cas’s last goodbye speech. He couldn't make eye contact with Dean; he addressed his whole speech at his hands. He spoke with false apathy, as though he was struggling to stop himself from unleashing his true emotions
“It’s where all your clothes are. I don’t have any in my room, and I thought you’d be happier in your own clothes, anyway.”
Sam reverses out of the parking lot and follows signs for the highway. Both Dean and Cas manage to stay quiet the entire first day of driving, and even overnight in their motel room, though, by Cas’s irritated expression, he suspects Dean is not being so quiet internally.
“Jesus Christ.” Dean lightly punched the wall next to his head, then whispered, “Maybe communication is important.”
“Where we are, off the highway, we get a lot of truckers. You know the type. Big guys, tats, goatees. But most of them are harmless. Like, one of our regulars? Stu? Looks like your typical Hells Angel, but volunteers at a cat rescue in his free time. And Rusty? He runs a domestic violence support group. But you get the odd guy that crosses a line. I always tell the waitresses, if any guy makes them uncomfortable, they come and get me, and I’ll sort them out. Only happened a few times, but those guys never come back.”
“When I kissed you in the kitchen that day we made French toast, you just left your hands by your sides, so I put them on my ass for you. Then you moved them up to my waist.”
Sam looks up at the sound of his name but quickly realizes that Cas isn’t talking to him. He still preens under the praise, though.
Cas handed it back then pulled Jack in by the shoulders for a sideways hug which knocked the cap off his head and kissed him on the top of his hair.
Dean covers the wound with his hand and concentrates. He doesn’t really know what he’s trying to do, but he focuses on the feeling of Cas’s grace healing him over the years, the feeling of it in his fingers as he healed Jimmy and tries to let it flow through him. Several seconds pass before he releases a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
He kicked his feet to propel them back to the boat, and they were met by Eileen, lowering her hands down to reach for her son. She squeezed him tightly into her chest and kissed his salt-drenched hair.
Jack put down Miracle’s paw, where he had been trying to teach him to shake. “I think I want to try being human.” He sighed. “My whole life so far has been dedicated to my angel side. Fighting my father, and my grandfather and trying to save the world. But I’m half human too. I’d like to experience things as humans do. Maybe see the world.” He paused for a moment. “I’d like to visit my mother. I can come and go between heaven and earth as I wish now. I think she’ll be proud of me.”
Jody gave Dean a strict eye and he mimed zipping his lips together. “We’ve had a little bit too much to drink, so let’s all go to bed and sleep it off, huh? I expect to hear some apologies in the morning.”
“Look, Cas, I’m a complex man with complex morals. I gotta draw the line somewhere, alright? Now, tell me their name.”
“If I had to guess, I’d say because my wings are part of me, my grace. You have control over your body because it’s yours, but you have no ownership of my grace.”
The sound of Cas’s voice caused Dean to sit and shield his eyes from the blazing sun with his hand. Three figures were approaching him, all vastly different sizes. Dean and Cas stood to welcome them.
"And that's just Cas,” Sam interrupted. “Together they’re worse. Do you want to hear about last Saturday?”
Claire sat up straighter in her seat and set down the metaphorical gauntlet. “Oh, you’re coming for my dating life? Well, Cas has told me an awful lot about your past. At least I dated my girlfriends for over a month.”
“Yeah, it’s not you that we’re avoiding,” Dean muttered, making an ‘I’m watching you.’ gesture at Claire, who just made a face back at him.
“Yes. There’s only three of them; Sandra, Debbie, and Julia. They were all very helpful in getting me settled. Kept asking if I needed anything, making me coffee.”
Sam made his excuses as quickly as possible and left to go back downstairs. They all sat and chatted for about an hour until Sam started to get hungry.
“I’m a high school drop-out. How am I supposed to know this?” Dean said one day after Jack had called him over for help. “Hey, college drop-out,” he called to Sam as he entered the room with a large bowl of salad and a beer, “you come do this.”
“I still have the mental scars, Sammy! I may have done a lot in my time, but monster-fucking is a big no-no.”
Cas and Dean both perk up at this. Sam puts a heavy, leather-bound book on the table, causing it to rattle slightly. The title carved into the front states it to be the spellbook of the Guaire family, a name Cas recognizes as belonging to an ancient coven of witches dating back centuries. He opens it to the page he has bookmarked with a post-it and points to the left-hand page.
Sam sighs in relief. “Okay, that’s good. How are we going to find her? I doubt she’ll still be hanging around in the same place.”
He took his hand as flirtatiously as was possible for a handshake. “Miss Veloir. But Craig to you, honey. You know where I am if you ever decide to ditch this one.”
“He just popped out of thin air a few years ago! He's never studied at any of the major linguistics departments in any university, never apprenticed under any of the greats. Out of nowhere, a children’s book translator solves one of the greatest unsolved mysteries of all time and he’s suddenly everywhere! Everyone is talking about him!”
Cas squinted his eyes. “I’ve killed thousands more than he has. And I don’t see how that’s relevant.”
The wedding ceremony flowed into the evening do without a hitch, thanks to Dean keeping Cas and Valerie occupied on opposite sides of the room. Cas had been tasked with escorting the very elderly Brigid to the venue. She had been delighted to have such a handsome young gentleman take her arm and she rested her hand slightly too low on his back for his liking as he led her to the car.
“You said you’d be home by one. It is eight am. Do you know how worried I’ve been? Anything could have happened to you!”
They make their way up the path, watching each other’s backs in case she’s lurking in the grounds. Dean catches sight of Louis’s surveillance camera hidden high in a tree and shoots a solitary finger gun at it.
Jack started the evening helping Harrison set up his new toys and demonstrating how to use them, but by the end, he was mostly playing with them himself. Harry watched with rapt attention. It was hard to tell who was having more fun.
Dean's phone rang as he and Cas were eating dinner, blissfully interrupting a very dull story Cas was telling him about a shipment of 15th-century German poetry he’d received to translate earlier that day.
He’d been expecting mostly teenagers, but there were several older people there, too. His favorite was an elderly Dominican man who spoke very poor English but demolished Dean in a drinking contest, then went and helped himself to the chip and dip like he was completely unaffected.
Dean smiled at the memory of the pervert’s cheekbone cracking under his fist. One part of hunting that he missed was getting to use some dickwad’s face as a punching bag on a regular basis.
“Uh, where’s Dean?” There was a strange twinkle in Sam’s eyes, as if he was making a joke, but Cas had no idea what it was.
Challenge accepted, Dean changed over to the back wheel, making a show of sticking his ass out as he leaned down. He wiggled his hips maybe slightly more than was necessary to gain his balance, but another glance up to the porch told him it was working.
“The kitchen. I had to completely gut this room. The old counters were shot to shit and the fridge was from the thirties, so they all had to go. Had to redesign the layout but it gave me a chance to add this sexy lady,” he ran his hands over an enormous, industrial-sized stove. “One of the few things I miss about the bunker was that kitchen, so I tried to copy as much of it as possible.”
“Hi Cas!” she replied happily. She looked behind him expectantly and her face fell. “Is Jack not with you today?”
Claire flipped him off over Jody’s shoulder so she couldn’t see and smiled smugly. She knew Dean couldn’t return the favor from his angle without getting into trouble.
Dean pulls out of the kiss, hindered by his annoying human need to breathe, and rests his forehead against Cas’s.
Sam lets go of their hands gently, testing the waters. When they don’t immediately fall over, he heads off down the stairs. “Well, I’m starving. I have eaten all day because of you two.”
Dean moved to the meat aisle and started to look for the right amount of mince. “And I’m sorry. For all the times I doubted you. When I thought you were evil just because of who your father was. When I blamed you for my mom's death.” He put the beef in his basket and finally looked at the nephilim.  “You’re our kid, Jack. You’re family. And I’m so damn proud of you.”
Dean hesitantly swings his leg out of the car and plants it firmly on the ground. Cas does the same with his. They both straighten their knees at the same time so they are standing.
Once he pulled in the driveway, he was surprised to find Cas’s car in its usual spot on the driveway. He called into the house eagerly but was met with a deafening silence. Cas must be out at the lake or something.
Inside, the empty vessel of Jimmy Novak is laying in the bed, exactly as he has for the last several days. They take out the spell ingredients, as well as a chopping board, a knife, and a large metal bowl that they stashed there a few days ago.
Sam looked a bit confused but let it go. He went back to talking to Cas, but he wasn’t listening. He watched out the window as Dean walked away.
They end up using Cas’s telekinesis to get the vessel down, because they both realize there is no way they’re going to be able to carry him. This turns out to have the added bonus of being their first act of revenge on Sam, when they float a corpse past him as he’s cooking. Sam nearly pisses himself.
“I’ll always love you. Even with glasses. Even with your gray hair. Even though you fart in your sleep.”
The waitress from earlier came over to take their order. She kept side-eyeing Dean for not sitting down, then left with a small huff.
Dean knows it’s a meaningless gesture; Cas could still smite him if he wanted, but Everett seems to trust Cas a bit more now. He picks up the blade and chucks it behind the counter. Without turning his back to Cas, he un-pins a poster labeling the chakras from the wall to reveal a sigil, which he scratches through with the tip of his blade.
He drops his side of the controller in shock, leaving Dean to quickly press the pause button to try and save his already depleted win count.
“Of course.” Cas unbuckles his jeans, ignoring Dean’s comment to ‘watch his fingers’, and kicks them off to the other side of the room, taking the fluffy socks with them. He assesses the wound in front of him. It’s a clean shot, right to the meat of his thigh, stopping before it hit bone. The bullet is still visible, which will make his next job easier.
He opens the wipe and cleans the wound on his hand with it, wincing slightly at the sting. He throws the soiled wipe in the trash can then starts to unbuckle his pants.
“A baby who has just gone to bed and sleeps through the night now, remember? You’ll be fine by morning. Come on. It’s actually quality stuff.”
Sam gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder, then headed to his car. Dean drove the whole way back mentally practicing and rewriting his apology speech.
“I’m not good at this, Cas. Feelings and crap. I’ve rehearsed this a thousand times and I still don’t think it’s right.
Dean scoffed. “Never. For the longest time, I thought hunting was the only life I’d get. Thought it was the only one I wanted. Days on the road, you by my side. One monster after the other, each one bigger and badder than the last. But now? Now I wouldn’t go back to that life for anything.” Dean took another drag.
A young woman is selling bouquets of flowers, waving roses at every passerby. Two elderly women have baskets and baskets of tomatoes on their rickety old table, held together by sheer force of will rather than nails at this point. Two middle-aged men are shouting and gesturing wildly at a third man behind a fish stall, and Dean doesn’t have to speak Italian to know they are haggling for a cheaper price.
“Play that new game I got you, okay? I won’t be long.” She kisses him on the forehead and heads back into the kitchen.
of warrants out for our arrest under our various aliases, and videos from CCTV of us killing a bunch of people. We should have really been more careful. Whoops.” He pulled his face into a fake grimace. “Hey, did you know we were still on the secret service’s most wanted list for attempting to assassinate the president?”
Dean turned to Jack and dealt him a stern expression. He knew he was giving off the vibe of a parent in a coming of age comedy who had stayed up late to catch their teenager sneaking in, but he didn’t care.
With a small chuckle, they left the bed and started dressing. Cas ended up wearing the shirt Dean had been wearing yesterday, as his own had made its way to the other side of the room with two buttons missing. Dean had spent another five minutes kissing him against the door when he saw that.
Dean regards the outside of the shop in awe. It’s covered top to bottom in glowing sigils, demon warding, and a few others even he doesn’t recognize.
Dean just about managed to turn his laugh into a cough. “I’m just glad Eileen has managed to find it in herself to love someone so flawed. Most of our family and friends have disowned him, but she saw past his many imperfections.”
The gruff, no-nonsense man behind the counter was wearing a name badge that proclaimed him to be Don. Dean, riding on a burger high, confidently walked over to him.
Cas, ever the sensible one, reached a consoling hand across the table. “Jack, are you sure they’re not just using you for alcohol because your ID says you’re twenty-one? We wouldn't want anyone taking advantage of you for that.”
“Only because she was too heavy for any normal human to lift. Even if they’re as jacked as me.” Dean flexed his arms like a Victorian strong man.
Sam greets the waitress, Vicky, according to her name tag, and takes a seat at the table she offers them. She hands them both menus, now filled with breakfast items, and says she’ll be back in a minute with some coffee.
Charlie’s eyes lit up. “She’s so good. She’s literally the cutest. She made me breakfast in bed the other day. Just because! I love her so much!”
John took a breath, about to reply, when Castiel stood up quickly. "I resent your insinuations, Mr Winchester; I am not a person who is susceptible to blackmail," he said, turning on his heel and heading towards the door. On his way out, he threw Dean a sad look and Dean suddenly had trouble swallowing.
Castiel cleared his throat, looking embarrassed for some reason. "No, I..." He paused. "I used to smoke, when I was younger. A lot. And no matter what anyone said, I didn't quit. Then my grandfather - who smoked four packs a day - died of lung cancer when I was twenty-two and I finally made myself quit, which despite my determination wasn't as easy as it sounds. I still feel like lighting a cigarette sometimes, especially when people around me are smoking."
Dean burst out laughing at how neatly his dad had caught Noah in an act of mischief and thwarted him from repeating it. The imp shot a toothy smile at father and grandfather, before he quieted, slurping contentedly at his drink. The omega doubted his son would sit still for long - he was always bursting at the seams with energy.
“Both,” his brother answered honestly. “I never realized till you were gone how much crap you dealt with from Dad, without me ever knowing it was happening.”
John was furious. "How dare you judge me, Dean! You have no idea what it's like being me. I just sometimes need to forget; my life is not easy. I've had to single-handedly take care of two children without any help."
Dean snorted. It wasn't him who was desperate. The one who should maybe backtrack a bit was John, who thankfully had no influence on how or when Dean has sex.
"Dad!" he cried out scandalised before shrugging his left shoulder. "He probably has omegas throwing themselves at him all the time anyway. Not like he needs me to do the same."
In the popcorn-making break between the fifth and first films, Dean was left alone in the living room with Castiel, everyone else either in the kitchen or in the bathroom - in Benny's case, smoking on the balcony.
"Met anyone?" asked John, seeming as if he didn't really care about the answer but Dean could see the curiosity in his eyes.
He looked around the house, noticing his father's dirty shirt thrown over the back of the couch and his brother's magazines scattered on the floor. It was time to tidy up.
That morning, Cas dropped Sam off, the boy waving cheerily at Cas and Dean before jogging toward the entrance to his high school.
Charlie could hear the banging too? Either they were having a shared hangover, or the noise wasn’t coming from inside his head.
“Oh no, whatever am I going to do, stuck here, on my bed, for the next several hours?” Cas states, completely deadpan, but with a glint in his eyes that suggests he knows exactly what he’s doing.
Dean paced up and down past the table the café’s waitress had given him. He knew he was getting weird looks, but he didn’t care.
“I still can’t believe you wouldn’t let us see it until it was finished,” Sam said after they had exchanged greetings.
“You know who Jack is but not Eileen? Did Chuck write Eileen out of the ending? Oh man, she’d hate that. Sam was dating Eileen long before we took on Chuck. They got married a while back and have a son.”
“Sorry, can’t hear you from all the way down there. What was that? You want a coloring book? Some crayons?”
It was Sam’s turn to choose for movie night, and he’d chosen a true crime documentary that Dean instantly decided was insufferably boring so he spent the whole time looking at Cas instead. They sat slightly further apart on the sofa than they usually would if Sam wasn’t in the room, but still close enough for their little fingers to brush together.
Cas looked around the room. Sam and Eileen were half-heartedly dancing, more like swaying back and forth, on the dance floor, their arms around each other’s waists. Alma and Valerie had both turned their attentions on the only remaining man in the room: the twenty-something acne-ridden DJ who looked in desperate need of an escape route. Maisie was headed across the dance floor towards the bathroom. Cas couldn't help but note some significant absences.
He walks through the never-ending identical hallways to the front door, where he was pretty sure the sound came from and suddenly stops, the cause of the noise becoming obvious.
He trailed off mumbling his mantra to himself. He picked up a screw and confidently placed it in a hole in the wood. The too-small immediately fell back out. He threw the paper to one side.
“Did you at least use a condom? Do you even know what they are? Oh god, Cas, we haven’t even given him The Talk yet.”
Lunch wasn’t going to be for another hour so Sam fed Harry a small snack of some disgusting-looking mashed pea monstrosity.
“Who’s Ruby?” Eileen asked, her head whipping from side to side as she struggled to read everyone’s lips.
Cas handed Eileen a pair of pale cream baby booties, intricately knitted with impossibly tiny stitches, and a small bow on each side.
There were two seats at the front by the paddles and a bench at the back that was big enough for three. Sam sat at the back.
“You’ve got better. Not good enough to beat me, but it’s an improvement. I got too cocky last time. I should have just killed you where you stood, but no, I just had to show off. I won’t make that mistake again.”
It had been quieter in the bunker since Sam moved into Eileen's. Bigger, somehow. Emptier. Dean couldn’t remember how he used to live there with just the two of them.
Cas stands on his tiptoes to reach the box above the bathroom cabinet. He opens it to reveal a well-stocked kit, complete with antiseptic wipes, he’s pleased to note. He’s glad they’ve upgraded from pouring straight liquor on themselves.
“You found your soulmate?!” She whisper yelled, and hugging Dean tightly. Dean couldn’t help the smile that came to his face.
In front of him was Castiel, Michael, and a very disgruntled looking Lucifer. Castiel looked like a deer in headlights while Michael made it very obvious that Dean was interrupting something. Lucifer, with wild eyes, grinned at Dean.
Dean was thankful it was Friday because he worked all this weekend at the Diner, so Ellen would probably give Dean all of his tips because she knew how tight they were on money. Jo would probably even give him some of her tips. Dean was just so lucky to have them. Sometimes Garth would even pay him to do research for a hunt, and that was Dean’s favorite. He was researching something about ancient vampires now.
“We should get you someplace warmer first before we get into all of that. That’s gonna take awhile.”
They made it to the door and they all pulled out their guns, except for Dean. Dean had his knife, carved with sigils in one hand and his flask of holy water in the other hand. He sure hoped that it was demons behind that door.
“You’re such a good kid, Dean. Your grades are tip top, you’re a great father… and brother, and god, your personality is just great and-and I want to help you. I really want to help you.” That struck Dean in an odd way- was he there just to help Dean? Did he want to take Dean up as a charity case? He tried not to look at it that way, because honestly, this meant so much to him. He couldn’t believe that he had someone like this. Dean’s eyes filled up with tears and he angrily lifted his hand and wiped at them.
“You don’t need to apologize for your feelings, Dean.” Cas could read right through him, and Dean sadly smiled. “You need to apologize for not telling me, and endangering yourself. I can’t believe you were going to sleep in your car in the woods tonight. Do you know how upset I would have been?” Dean shook his head, trying not to think about it too much.
“I see a therapist.” Dean shrugged, trying not to think about the compliments, and Castiel scowled at him.
Dean gently patted his shoulder. “Don’t worry about it. I think we’re gonna go to Cas’s tonight.” Dean flinched because he hated dropping in on people and he didn’t have his phone so he didn’t even warn him. His house was just too close though and his father may see the Impala if he drove by. At least Cas was about fifteen minutes away from the restaurant and he had private parking. That meant there was no threat from his father.
“John, you can see no one is in here. I haven’t seen Dean in months. Now you have to get out of my kitchen if you want me to serve you dinner. I’ll get your regular going.” Her voice shook for a second, but other than that, she held it together perfectly. He heard John grumble as he looked around the kitchen. Dean heard the door open and close again and his breath was still held.
“What do you think about going to school tomorrow?” Cas tried to change the subject to something normal, something that will hopefully make Dean feel comfortable, but Dean heaved a big sigh. Cas stole a quick glance, and caught Dean looking at him.
Cas’s hand slid up to Dean’s bare neck to the bare skin, so he could feel Dean. Dean was a wreck. He saw Dean sobbing in his car, so distressed, right outside of his house. That was the feeling. He was feeling Dean, right outside, so upset that he couldn’t breathe. He was so scared to come in, but why? Before Cas could get further into the night, Gabe slid by.
“And… it starts with a C?” Dean enquired and adrenaline coursed Cas’s veins. “Yes… a C. Why… do you ask?” Cas asked gently, already knowing the answer.
“Dean, they know he’s my brother. They saw the white flash. They know this is not normal.” Dean cursed under his breath, as Cas brought up that point.
He rubbed his eyes for a brief second of peace, a second where his mind wasn’t running a marathon or screaming at him. But then that all started up again, everything he had to do needling the back of his head.
Dean was cut off by an excited squeal that they both immediately recognized. “Daddy Ellen gave me a spatula!” He shrieked, running over and jumping up into Dean’s lap. Dean clenched his jaw, leaning over and picking him up.
“Can we try it this time and see how you like it? I can feel your discomfort. I think it is anxiety, not the remnants of the smiting sickness. I do not wish for you to feel this way.” Cas’s voice was genuine, and Dean swallowed the lump that was forming in his throat. He looked up at Cas, with some uncertainty, and Cas’s eyes softened. “Trust me.”
“I can’t see.” Dean mumbled, and there was a light touch on his forehead. Suddenly his vision was back and he could see a concerned Castiel sitting in front of him. Dean blinked his eyes again, trying to get everything focused. Deep down he knew it was Castiel but it was nice to have the guarantee.
“No Dean, I’m sorry I raised my voice. Can I come in?” Dean nodded, and Cas allowed his grace to reach out and sooth his ailments. He relieved Dean again, another feat because he was so upset, but once Dean was calm in his arms, Cas let his grace stay. He shouldn’t have pulled it out in the first place, but he was shocked about Dean’s day.
Cas’s heart fell into his stomach as he held the poor, broken, crying boy in his arms. He wanted to tell Dean everything was okay, that everything would be fine, but he simply couldn’t. He didn’t know that, and as desperately as he wanted to know that everything would be okay, he just didn’t. Cas rubbed his hands up and down Dean’s back, listening to his cries soften and eventually come to a stop.
just a STEM major who writes her frustrations out i know this may not be perfect but thank you guys so much for all your support!!! much love
“What’s wrong?” Apparently Dean’s poker face wasn’t great because Cas could immediately tell something wasn’t right.
“Sammy,” Dean called out as he got off the couch to go answer the door. “Cas is here!” Sam ran out into the living room and into his brother’s awaiting arms and they went to go get the door together. Cas opened the door before they could get there, and as soon as Sam saw him, he squealed and wriggled out of Dean’s arms.
Dean sat at the edge of the bed, back tense, stomach in knots. Cas could feel his apprehension, and he hated it. He wanted so badly to take this away, to make this better, but he knew that was not going to happen. Dean needed to tell these people who he was, and why he was on their side.
Dean turned and looked at his new assigned table, two men sitting at it and Dean took a deep breath, preparing himself to kiss up and pray for tips. Dean slipped over and rubbed his eyes, smiling brightly.
He saw the love that Dean had for Sam. He saw every inch of their apartment, every time the first aid kit had to be used. He felt all the physical pain Dean had been through, and he shuddered to think about all the mental pain. He saw so many demons. He saw the fire on his baby brother’s ceiling. He saw his mother burn. Even before that, though, he could feel pain. However, he wasn’t sure where it came from.
Dean snapped him out of his thoughts. “I actually got these the other night. I fell pretty hard into some gravel.” Dean reached his arms out, showing off more of his bandages. Castiel didn’t know how he fell but he could deduce who had caused it.
Dean could not believe his soulmate was half-angel. Half-something Dean didn’t even believe existed for the last nineteen years of his life. Cas liked him, too. Cas seemed to genuinely care about him, and how is something that
“Daddy’s stomach hurts.” Sam nodded at Cas, and Dean laughed a little bit. “Daddy’s stomach hurts a lot. Can you help me get off so I don’t hurt him?” Sam reached his arms out to Cas, and Cas reached forward immediately and set him on the ground. Sam ran over to the living room, and grabbed his legos to play on the floor. Dean watched him and smiled a little bit, thankful for such an intuitive little brother.
He remembered why he had woken up an hour earlier than usual- his phone had rang. He grabbed it, seeing three missed calls from Bobby with numerous text messages.
Everyone had been keeping their eyes peeled. Bobby was deep into research about Crowley, while Cas and Dean worked on any research between nephilims, soulmates, and smiting sickness. Dean and Sam would sleepover one night of the weekend, and they would cook dinners together twice a week at Dean’s apartment. Cas would come visit him at the diner and always left hefty tips. He would always bring groceries too, no matter how much Dean protested.
“Dean, what happened?” Dean shook his head into Cas’s chest again, just trying to keep himself together. Cas probed again, trying to see what happened, trying to read his emotions further, but Dean would not let him.
“What if I just…” Dean trailed off, truly out of ideas. The truth was probably the best thing in this case.
“I can drive him!” They were all startled by the anonymous voice, but Dean almost instantly knew who it was. He closed his eyes as tightly as he could, pressing down on them with his fingers. “That would be great.” Jo chimed in, and Ellen looked a little bit confused. “That’s Dean’s English teacher.” Ellen looked a bit more relieved.
Eight hours later, they are still arguing. Sam feels distantly sorry for the neighbors on the other side. He hopes they had headphones, too.
Dean palmed his jean pockets for his phone. He wasn’t expecting it to turn on, but it did, displaying a measly 3% battery and twenty missed calls and seventeen texts from Cas, as well as an email from Papa John’s about a new voucher for half off delivery, this week only.
He crouches down and hauls Cas’s body closer to him so Cas’s chest is on his knees and cradles Cas’s head in his hands.
Sam doesn’t lower his aim on the gun as Cas walks over to his former vessel, limping significantly from the gunshot wound and mentally sighing at the new blood staining the floor he just mopped. He retrieves his angel blade from his trench coat pocket and, with a deep breath to steady himself, he cuts a small slice to his palm, just deep enough for the blue-white light of his grace to weakly shine through.
On stage, Jack shook hands with an old man with a white beard whose name had been announced at the beginning of the speeches, but Dean was too busy napping to remember, and collected a stiff envelope containing his diploma and walked off stage in a hurry, side-eyeing Dean in the audience.
The politician smiled. "It's all right, Dean. I am finding it a lot easier now to determine what you mean seriously and what is merely a joke."
Oh God. He’d forgotten the cutlery. Thinking quickly, Dean joked, “I thought we’d just drink the soup.”
Bobby, his face flushed with misery, added, “We weren’t blaming the kids, though. If only I hadn’t left that can of g-a-s-o-l-i-n-e out.” He hung his head in shame, clearly unable to look Dean in the eye.
Dean sent the mail before he could start doubting himself. He was nervous about the meeting despite making sure it happened in a public place, but it wasn't likely Castiel was going to try anything since he was a publicly recognized person.
Charlie grinned. "Doesn't really matter; I always buy more popcorn and crisps than we could ever need, so one more person doesn't hurt."
Bobby snorted. “Bullshit. That man was never any help to you. I don’t see why you shouldn’t return the favour.”
Charlie squeezed his hand, not saying anything. Dean closed his eyes. He felt at the end of his tether. Nothing was working in his favour, it was like everyone and everything had just turned against him. He wanted to take back his whole conversation with Cas. He wanted to forget his father ever talked to the senator. He just wanted to go back to the time he was blissfully unaware of everything.
By lunchtime, Bobby and he had made significant progress with the Mercedes they were refurbishing, a major job which required both of them.
Dean wasn't imagining his father's face falling. "Too bad. I'm sorry to hear that; I know how much you were hoping to meet someone there." His father paused to pat him on the shoulder. "Next time, you just have to present yourself better and someone will catch, don't worry."
, he typed in and winced at the formality of it. He might have just as well called him a senator. Then again, wasn't that what they were to each other now? Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester - nothing more, nothing less?
Dean shook his head. "No, no, it's all right. I'll be fine. It's my fault, no reason for you to be caught in the crossfire."
The house was beautiful. It vaguely resembled an old-fashioned New York brownstone; it looked the same from the outside but was a lot more open planned once you were inside. The entrance hall was enormous. The floor was dark wood with a plain ruby rug in the middle, the walls light cream colour and the furnishing sparse.
“Let me just drain the green beans and toss them with a bit of pepper, and then we can eat. You wanna take the soup over to the table for me?” he asked, turning the heat off under the burner.
Dean was in awe. He hadn't been outside after dark for years; the last time was when his father took him to the cinema for his fifteenth birthday right after he presented, and as they returned home, the sun set. Dean spent the whole walk back home with his head thrown back, watching the stars.
"You say that now." His father sheugged. "You'll see when you take a wealthy mate; you'll want so many children, you'll die of happiness."
Dean walked further in, noticing he could see into a large living room through an open archway to his left and a tastefully decorated dining room on his right. He turned to Castiel. "Do you actually have any doors that close?"
A charismatic-looking alpha appeared on the screen, standing at a speaker's lectern. The video started mid-speech. "Look at the number of omegas that actually have jobs. Only about
Gabe looked at him in astonishment. "What do you mean? All those years of- oh screw it, I don't know what bullshit to make up. Can you lot just help me with my bags?"
Dean leaned over and gave Cas a quick kiss as they stopped in front of the salvage yard, then hopped out of the car and walked into the garage.
“Good,” Castiel replied. “But I’m sure you’ll understand if I wait and see. It’s deeds, not words, that count with me.”
Castiel - clueless as ever - interrupted him: "Oh, it's all right, Dean. I have a few minutes to spare."
"Absolutely not," said John that evening when Dean relayed his wish to spend the night in a different city in order to meet up with some Internet friends. He hadn't told him in was an Omega Rights meeting, though he didn't want to inspect closely the reason why.
Both little boys pouted, Aaron crossing his arms and managing to look like a grumpy old man in a child’s body.
Dean chuckled as he read his friend's e-mail, cheered by the guy's exuberance. He thought about what meeting with Castiel might be like now that he knew the man wasn't interested. Dean found himself wondering what it would be like if he
When he came home that afternoon, he was feeling a lot better about the whole situation, having named Castiel Novak as
“Dadada, I’s sowry.” Aaron’s lower lip trembled and his bright blue eyes swam with tears as he looked up at his father.
"Five hundred," muttered the older man but he didn't disagree with Dean, which the omega took as a victory.
Castiel tilted his head in a familiar gesture. "What do you mean? I thought you managed very well. You asked for her advice and she gladly gave it."
Dean had never before met two omegas in a relationship with each other, and he was more than curious about it but he told himself in was none of his business. He sent Charlie a reply, saying he would be there, before closing the laptop and flopping onto his bed.
"Are you Dean? Oh what am I talking about; of course you're Dean. Come on, hop in," she rambled off and waved him in.
Dean felt ecstatic. This man who spent the whole time Dean had been working on the cars painfully silent and expressionless had just offered him a job. "As soon as you want me, sir - I mean, Bobby."
Benny nodded. "You can't imagine, brother. Alphas have always been in the position of power, ever since the cavemen times. They were always calling the shots. They were the ones to hunt, the ones to fight, while betas gathered fruits or worked in the fields and omegas took care of children and did the cooking. Things haven't really changed that much since then."
Dean paled, his fists clenching in his lap as numerous voices seconded, “Here, here,” while feet pounded against the floor in approbation.
"At first they were just arguing quietly. The girl apparently wanted to wait with their mating until they were both of age but the guy was impatient and accused her of cheating on him. Said that since she didn't want to mate with him, she didn't really love him. She went angry, telling him she just wasn't sure if she wanted to be mated yet because she was so young, barely presented, but the guy was insistent."
Dea sighed. "Yeah, it was no use. He likes the idea of me mating a rich guy that would help us out of the pickle he dug us in."
God, it seemed ages ago that Bobby had given him a trial run and then hired him, welcoming him to Singer’s Salvage Yard with a name tag that read ‘Perry’ because he hadn’t yet had a chance to get one made with Dean’s name.
The older man cleared his throat. "I wanted to ask you... Well, when you were talking about us living together after the mating, I thought... I wanted to know if you maybe wanted to come home with me?" he said hesitantly, avoiding Dean's eyes with determination. "I thought you might like to have a look about."
Cas sits at the table and clasps his hands in front of him. When he doesn’t move for an entire minute, Dean huffs loudly.
“Nah, this is a souvenir. Catch.” Dean snatches the probably-not-poisoned tomato from Cas and chucks at his brother, who has to snap his arm above his head to catch it.
Cas pretends to look over the menu for appearances’ sake. It has the usual sort of things he’d expect from such an establishment: French toast, eggs, sausage, pancakes and—
They’re in a large field, full of shin-high grass and wildflowers of every color. A chubby bumblebee buzzes from flower to flower before flying off into the air. A squirrel skitters up a large oak tree on the border.
“That’s my boy!” Dean clapped him on the shoulder with one hand and handed over the joint with the other.
“Life’s good, isn’t it? You’ve got Cas, finally, I’ve got Eileen. Did you ever think life would be like this?”
Instead of following Cas to the motel room, he turns and heads to the other side of the parking lot. “Actually, I saw a diner just down the road, and I’ve eaten nothing but chips all day. I’ll catch up with you in the morning, yeah?”
Sam put his food down on the table and looked over Jack’s shoulder at his work. His face of confusion matched Dean’s.
“Precisely. Somehow, she knew I was an angel and said she’d been dying to try out this spell. From my translation of the Latin spell, it appears this hex is causing my grace to attack my vessel and vice versa. That’s why I haven’t been able to heal these wounds. My grace has almost completely depleted.”
Cas walked up behind him and hugged him around the waist. Dean let himself be pinned up against the sink as he rinsed his toothbrush. “Dean, don’t be too hard on him. You used to be just like that.”
Unfortunately, the waitress chose this moment to appear at their table with Sam’s toast and coffee. She pursed her lips at Dean.
“I’m surprised you want to get back in your old body, though.” She leans in close and whispers in his ear. “I thought you wanted to be inside Dean Winchester.”
He squinted at the bright morning light. Through his eyelashes, he could see the neon lights of the bar across the street. He hadn’t gone far then. The second thing he noticed was the Impala parked a few buildings down.
Cas walked back to Dean’s room. Miracle was waiting outside the door, whining and scratching, trying to get in. Cas opened the door and Miracle ran inside, jumping on the bed. Dean was sitting up now but still looked half asleep. He hugged the dog tightly around the middle and muttered into his fur, “I’m sorry I didn’t let you in last night, buddy. I had someone else in my bed.” He kissed the dog a few more times on the top of his head and pushed him off the bed. “Walk later, okay? Coffee first.”
“I’m not late, am I? You haven’t started yet?” She picked up a nearby magazine and started fanning herself with it.
“I used to think I knew happiness when I commanded my garrison, when I followed God’s orders blindly, but when I was appointed to watch over the humans and saw every little thing they did, I became enamored with humanity, though I didn’t realize it at the time.
“You’re right about being human. I think a nice normal human life sounds great right about now.” Dean was smiling to himself as he walked towards the bread section.
“Have you been reading marriage counselling books?” Dean was so surprised, he briefly forgot the real reason he brought Cas here.
“So how ‘bout that movie then?” Dean reached for the remote, careful not to jostle Cas and pressed play.
An awkward silence fell in the room as everyone realized The Thing They Didn’t Talk About was being Talked About.
Dean put his hands, palms forward and fingers outstretched, and the side of his head, with his thumbs touching his temple.
“Cas!” Dean replied in the same scandalized tone as Cas. “What, you two just meet up to bitch about me, is that it?”
She sat down on the couch in Sam’s lap and started to snack on the after-dinner cheese platter that Jody had just brought out.
don’t understand is how none of those women know anything about reproduction. They were all grown adults, at least in their twenties, if not their thirties. Is this not something you teach children?”
They drove back to the town centre in silent shock, through the same deserted streets that had seemed eerie mere hours ago, but now seemed to anticipate, like they knew something big was coming.
Cas relaxes his grip on the flower to sit back on his heels and gives Dean a look of disbelief he knows he can’t see.
“Alright! Burgers for everyone! One for Cas, one for Jack, no pickles.” He set the plates down in front of each of them in turn, ruffling Jack’s hair as he walked past, then went to the other side of the table. “And one veggie burger with actual veggie bacon for Sam.”
“I’m sure I’ll hate you for this torture device in a week.” Eileen tried the plain white bracelet on.
Dean turned around and placed a light kiss on Cas’s lips, then lightly pushed him away so he could walk to the bedroom. Cas heard his voice through the wall say, “Nah, not right now, babe, I’m not in the mood,” then there was a groan and a muffled
Several more minutes passed in silence, with Dean growing increasingly bored and jiggling his leg up and down until Jack’s name was finally called. Dean immediately leaped to his feet and started cheering, whooping and whistling, making as much noise as possible in the otherwise subdued audience. Harry stood up on his chair and joined in, jumping and waving his arms. Eileen sat him back down again, whispering apologies to the nearby parents, but he still managed one more wave to the stage.
Three looks of disapproval now were pointed at Dean. “We needed money and it was the only place hiring! Besides, being an angel doesn’t come with a bunch of transferable skills to a human job. Can’t exactly put ‘smiting’ on your resume.”
“Aww man, she’s probably expecting some hoity-toity lawyer dude to show up, but instead she’s getting fucking Snoop Dogg crashing her living room.”
Chloe had been quite infatuated with Jack the last time he’d come to the diner. Cas had tried to convince her the age gap between them was too large, but she insisted two years wasn’t that much. Not able to tell her Jack’s real age, he’d had to give up that argument.
Dean gathered the things from the first aid kit he had ready next to him. He held an absorbent dressing over the wound to try and stop the bleeding. Luckily, he’d had the foresight to make Cas unbutton his shirt so he wouldn’t get blood on it. Cas took over holding the dressing when Dean started looking for the needle. His hands were shaking so much, it took him several attempts to get the thread through the eye. Cas flinched at the first sharp touch to his skin.
“Very loose definition of ‘alright’. I feel like hot sewage. But it’s a good thing you’re here, kid. C’mon, get healing.”
They found Cas’s shirt size by making him kneel so Eileen could read the label at the back of his neck, then they grabbed a few casual shirts, graphic tees and jackets then moved on to pajamas and underwear. Cas was particularly taken with a pair of underwear with bees on them.
Sam continued to go out with Eileen a lot, perhaps even more than before. One day he came back grinning from ear to ear and went straight to his room. Eileen seemed to come over to the bunker less after that. When Dean asked him what was going on, he evasively said he had been invited to a job interview.
He jumped back into his seat, his feet getting hit by the pedals already turning from Cas’s frenzied cycling, and steered the boat around.
Sam smiled and tickled Harrison up his chest. “Good boy, Harry!” He kissed him on the top of his head then fed him another bite.
Sam and Cas make their way down the corridors, slowly due to excess weight they’re carrying, and head to Cas’s bedroom. Cas goes to set down his end, but Sam hesitates.
Sam was watching TV one evening after a particularly stressful day at work, and keeping half an eye on Harry, who was playing under his mobile on the living room floor. Eileen was folding the laundry and caught sight of something in Sam’s sock drawer. She decided she’d had enough.
“So, five ingredients down. One to go.” A few weeks ago, Sam would have been delighted to have them apart, so they would stop arguing, but now he fears they would just double their attempts to prank him in retaliation for filming them.
“Yeah, but these are real fake IDs. Charlie put me onto her friend, Benji, or at least, that’s what his name is at the moment, and he set me up with all of these. He did the same for everyone from Apocalypse World so they could exist in
After a few minutes of tugging, and Dean’s very unhelpful yelling of “Pivot!”, they managed to get the sarong free, albeit with a small rip in the hem.
“I was genuinely sad to kill you, you know. I think we could have had a lot of fun together.” She winks at him and strokes a finger across his chin, scratching her manicured nails through his stubble.
“Okay so,” she let herself into the living room like she’d been coming there for years and settled in the seat Dean had just vacated. Dean sat on the other couch across the room to avoid being close to her. “A few years ago, Chuck showed up at my house with a copy of the last Supernatural book. It was awful, by the way. You, Sam, and Jack had this boring little battle with God at the side of a lake, then got killed and, like, it wasn’t even well written. So anticlimactic. Then Chuck snapped his fingers and made my kids and husband disappear.”
“Well, why didn’t you tell me! Eileen promised she’d tell me as soon as it happened!” came Dean’s frustrated voice from downstairs.
Dean put his hands on the wall around Cas’s head, and lightly pressed his crotch into his boyfriend’s. The sharp points of his hipbones weren’t the only thing Dean felt pushing back on him. “Do you want to have sex with me, Cas?”
Cas sighed and carried the plates over to the dining table. “Correct on all counts. The police caught her trespassing in an abandoned building while on a hunt, but they let her off with a warning. Her new girlfriend is called Amber. They met at the bar Claire’s been working at recently. And yes, Jody has invited us to dinner again.”
Cas and Dean both move their legs at the same time to try and move to the trunk and lose their balance. They land awkwardly on Dean’s shoulder where he is unable to catch his fall due to his cuffed hand.
Sam smiled, then sat down at the table and propped his phone up on a stack of books and started up a video call.
Jack opened the door when he heard the car pull up and helped Cas get Dean out of the back seat. Dean was only semi-conscious when he was dragged into the house.
Jack was finally allowed to move into the new house after he passed his GED with flying colors. Dean insisted on throwing a party for Jack’s entire class, which led to a strange mix of people descending on his house.
