Mr. Holmes lifts the police tape, and before even having consciously made the decision John suddenly finds himself on the other side of the tape, following the large steps of a man he literally just met to a crime scene he doesn’t know anything about.
“Well, you have just killed a man,” Sherlock explains. It’s not the only reason why he asks, but he doesn’t know what else to say.
From the website alone I’d assume he’s a private detective, with a mad talent to deduce stuff about other people. That can’t be true, though. He claims to be able to identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb. That’s impossible, of course. I guess I’ll have to ask him tomorrow.
“I don’t think you have,” Mary replies. She turns over the page of the paper she’s currently reading before taking a sip of her coffee.
Greg opened his mouth to speak again but was again interrupted by one of Sherlocks brood, Odessa who had black straight hair and a clarinet in hand "Mum! I think I got it! Here listen!" The young Omega started playing, with confidence, a screeching tune that made Greg cover his ears but Sherlock who was completely unfazed by the horrendous noise just smiled at his 12 year old daughter.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "Please Mother, I'm 20 years old. Do I really need to ask your permission to bring a date to dinner?"
Sherlock went over and cupped Johns face. "That is not at all what I want." He wiped the tears that spilt down Johns cheeks with his thumbs. "If you'll have me, when my Father announces my coronation I'd like him to also announce that I'm officially courting the best Omega in all of England."
John braced himself to the next one on the list. "And this is my sister Harriet but we just call her Harry."
Sherlock nodded his head. "Good." He said meekly. He then kissed his husbands lips softly "I'm proud of you John."
Charlotte walked the streets of London a few hours more until she figured it was time to get home. The sun had set and it was best she get home before David started to worry even if that meant having to face her parents again.
"John Hamish Watson, do you promise to love and honour your Omega? To provide a home and shelter, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?"
Cynthia patted her husbands knee in a soothing manner "Now, now, I know it's a shock....but the kids are doing just fine."
At first I was a little wary to attended these things but now I can't get enough. You attend some of them with me on occasion.
The male nurse who gave John a nasty look and eye roll for his interruption of his gossip session with his coworkers. He picked up clipboard with paper work and flipped through it. The nurse gave a bored sigh and looked up at John "I'm sorry. Family is only allowed in there."
Siger stopped walking and looked at his son "There's no saying you can't come back though. I want to know my grandbaby so you would have to come back at some point so we could visit. Just because you're moving doesn't mean you can't come back."
Cases have been rather boring without you. Although there was that one involving the midget and a snake named Wayne that was rather brilliant. Even then all I could think about was how much I miss you.
He was currently drinking his tea out on his balcony that over looked the gardens and trying really hard not to think of the boy who made his heart skip a beat and who's lips were as soft as they looked.
They practically ran into Sherlock who was standing with a picnic basket and glared at Andrew. "The kind that made a picnic and plans to fuck his husband senseless tonight." Sherlock answered.
"I'm not a child Father. I choose to be in a relationship with John and nothing that you say or do will change that."
Trying to recover from the pain he nodded "This baby seems to be mad at me for sitting down too long." He tried to joke.
John eyes grew large. The prince? That same pervert that asked him to take his clothes off was the prince!
Zachary was fuming "If you Holmes didn't have your heads so far up your arse then maybe you could be normal and not some stupid evolutionary flaw!"
Sherlock broke out in sobs "I had a plan! I was supposed to ease into this, go to the hospital, have an epidural, it wasn't supposed to be like this! I wrote it down and everything!"
John tried to think that name sounded so familiar but he couldn't remember for the life of him where he had heard that name before.
He turned around to see his friend Molly a mousy looking omega who obviously spent quite a bit of money on the outfit she's wearing.
John nodded "I had forgotten how amazing it is watching you do that. Always turned me on slightly." John's eyes widened at his blunt confession "Sorry. Bit crude of me to say. Forget I mentioned that."
Persephone walked towards him not at all embarrassed at the sight of her Mother breastfeeding her brother. She had even accompanied him to the delivery room for the birth of Killian and Archimedes. "Please you're the last one to talk about sleeping." She said pulling up a chair from the other side of the desk and sitting in it while crossing her legs. "So are you going to go?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes but nodded "Fine. But I deserve a treat afterwards. A nice murder perhaps?"
John looked up to see Sherlocks blue-grey eyes staring wide at him. He couldn't break his husbands heart like this, especially after such a long day. "And....he informed me I was falling behind on my Chem class and he was worried about my graduating."
The parents smiled wearily at their son. From the way the young couple was holding hands they expected perhaps a relationship announcement.
The Watson kids all put their heads down and marched out of the restaurant. John turned to Sherlock and kissed his cheek. “I’ll call you later.”
John stood in front of his family and did a final once over “You all look wonderful. I know he’s going to love you all.” John clapped his hands together and stood at attention while his children followed suit. “Now show me what you’re going to do when they walk up.”
Sherlock could hear the annoyance in his voice but decided to ignore it. "Tristan is sleeping and probably will be for awhile."
Siger smiled taking the frame from John's hand giving a smile as if he was re-watching the memory. "Yes, he was only about two years old there. He was such a mischievous little runt. The apple of his mother's and my eye though. Even if he does things that we don't agree with he will always be this baby boy."
He went out on the landing and saw Charlotte being held up by two girls he recognised for the ballet company. "What the fuck Charlotte!" He yelled.
I can't help but feel like I'm falling in love with her. She starts to cry when I tell her I need to leave, maybe it's because she loves me too.
John walked closer "I came here to talk to you but please get away from the ledge." John held out is hands in a beckoning motion.
Stephan walked up "Please? It may seem like awhile but in reality we only have a few short months together before you both leave."
Sherlock looked offended "I didn't guess. I never guess. I observed. Everyone has tells, things about them that tells me what I need to know. For example you are well kept and groomed, so someone who works in a sterile environment constantly hence the medical field. You have very good posture and rather defining muscle tone so someone who would have military experience but not enough to be in the proper ranking of the military, so ROTC program. You seem a little uncomfortable being out and about which wouldn't happen if you grew up around here or had your parents close by so far from home and finally the way your friends have been taking turns staring at us to see what's going on and the way they look at you tells me that you're a leader of sorts, so someone who is trust worthy and loyal and given your fields of study also top of your class." Sherlock grinned at John.
"There you are!" She said in a fake gasp. "So as I was saying, how many Alphas have you fucked since starting school?"
Valerie had gone all out, a roast and mash were on the table as well as green beans and rolls. Everything  looked delicious.
Chloe held her brother close and Caleb buried his head to take in her Omega scent. "Sure." Chloe said softly and went into the house.
Sherlock groaned in annoyance "Why not just give the job to your golden son! He's far better suited for a life of being a pompous arse!"
John turned away to hide the tears in his eyes. "Well I'm not Royal material and you'll be busy with your duties and running this country. I guess I'll just see you in a parade sometime yeah?"
Sherlock took in his daughters words, he hated that they were so much alike and she wouldn't drop it until she got exactly what she wanted, it was tedious and yet he felt a bit proud that she could argue until she was blue in the face. "Fine I'll go for one hour."
John smiled widely. "That would be nice, I can't help but feel that everyone is out to get me in some way. It would be nice to have a friend close by."
True to his word he kept Sherlock almost locked in his room the next three days. Guards were at every door and they even removed his phone, laptop, and any other sort of communication he could possibly use.
Sherlock immediately shoots up and can't help but smirk at his cheeky husband. "You know...you could help me do a few stretches...."
Sherlock rolled his eyes "I'm the only one who is allowed to be dramatic here I will not let you take that away from me. You just need to listen."
Charlotte walked in. All the confidence that she had built up in the past year seemed to make her look much more mature and even beautiful.
Sherlock not only rolled his eyes at the accusatory stance his children were taking but also at the nickname that Darius felt he needed to bestow on his sister, in fact Darius made it his sole mission to give every one of his siblings a nickname which much to Sherlocks headache, the children addressed each other by. "First of all you can't call that a deduction if there is no proof to back it up, second, I am not nor have I ever been interested in Lestrade."
He clenched his fists in rage. Ever since Harry found out he was no longer a virgin she was convinced he slept his way around London. "That's none of your business."
"So....as you know I went out last night." John said maintaining his stance thanks to years in the military.
When they got in the building they found Sherlock just standing in the middle of the hallway staring at the wall. "What are you doing?" Greg asked.
I was on a walk the other day and I passed a book store that had you book under a sign that said "New and Recommended." I walked in and looked at your picture on the back and couldn't help but smile. I went to the counter to purchase it. I guess all things considered I don't have to buy it but I just couldn't help it.
Sherlock stepped from behind Greg and examined the room. He set his microscope on the small rickety desk then nodded his approval "Yes, I think this will do quite nicely. Just set the luggage anywhere and Lestrade organise the room however you see fitting." He then went to lay on the mattress on the right side of the room in his thinking pose.
Sherlock glared as his parents stood in front of them with Mycroft on their heels looking quite pleased that his younger brother was once again in trouble. "Father, all this is completely unnecessary."
Siger looked at his son for the first time with sad eyes. It almost took his breath away, his Father was always strong. "I'm dying Sherlock."
The man in the suit smirked "In the kitchen currently helping the staff set up the cheese tray." The man in the suit gave John a once over and made John feel extremely judged just by the look. "Are you going to introduce us to you friend?"
Persephone rocked Archimedes side to side so he would continue to sleep. "Are you ready for this Mum?" She asked.
"Sure." As Greg and Sherlock walked down the stairs Greg noticed that Darius and Persephone where following them both looking like their Mother with their black curly hair and piercing blue eyes.
When John walked out he saw a woman bent over looking through the cupboards he was about to say something when she turned around and started screaming dropping the dishes she was holding, making them shatter in a million pieces.
John held Sherlocks hand as they walked to the front of their school. As if graduating wasn't enough for emotions the reality of their young relationship lasting as they both had very different paths to their lives was minimal so in a sort of truce they decided it was best for both of them to part ways, at least for right now.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks and turned around "You don't understand the concept of family! Families don't hide and lie! They love and love is a gift! Not an obligation." Tears started streaming down Sherlocks face.
"Sherlock." John said desperately and ran into his arms. They both met their lips in a passionate kiss then John pulled away breathless. "I thought you forgot about me."
John couldn’t believe his eyes. Jim had said that there would be no pushback. He turned to Sherlock and said “I had to study.” He said quietly.
Can't we just be happy at some point in our lives? Can't we relax instead of you pushing me further from you?
Sherlock was momentarily surprised by the act but then melted into it. Johns tongue tasted like peppermint with a hint of brandy. The taste was so addicting he never wanted it to end.
John wanted to backlash the comment but kept it to himself. Wouldn't be good to get on the royal families bad side.
Greg pursed his lips in anger but had the driver just set the luggage down. "Good luck" the driver said and closed the door behind him.
Bruce raised his hand and John flinched awaiting the blow that was going to happen but when he didn't feel the sting of a hand across his face he opened his eyes slowly. Bruce looked at his hand and then his son lowering his hand and speaking in a soft voice pointing his finger in his son's face "John" he said very seriously "Mark. My. Words. You go through with this, consider yourself fatherless."
"No, Charlotte there is no defence." John said sternly point his finger in his daughters face. "It won't kill you to spend one bloody night with your son and mate. There are things more important then ballet."
In all honesty Sherlock was surprised he even received an invitation but it seems that this was a big celebration and if you really stressed the point Sherlock could see how you would mistake him and the Beta as friends. Still, useless sending an invitation to a man with as many children as he had to a night out where it seemed children would not be welcome. Not that anyone besides his family, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson had an exact number on how many children he had.
Sherlock gave John a hard look and began storming off towards the exit of the stadium. John cursed under his breath and followed. When they were a good distance away from the crowds John decided to call out "Sherlock! Sherlock, please just wait a minute!"
I am so sorry this took so long. Even though I know how I want this story to go I had a hard time trying to write it down. In summary, major writers block. I hope to be back updating this fic regularly as I can't stand it when fics are abandoned and not finished. I appreciate your patience!
"O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do; they pray, grant thou, lest faith turn to despair."
They moved into a spooning position and tried to cuddle up to each other as close as possible. "I love you John." Sherlock said before he closed his eyes and fell asleep.
Before him stood the Watsons. All dressed rather nicely but each with their own feelings about the evening displayed on third face.
His father was slumped in his chair while his mother held his hand as a doctor drew blood. Mycroft stood back trying to keep his demeanour calm but if you looked close enough you could see he was worried.
This was the hardest thing she had ever done. She was sure her feet were bleeding and sweat was pouring off of her. The instructor was going fast, expecting the girls to keep up with his pace. You barely had time to breath before he had you doing something else.
Sherlock woke up to a sharp pain in his stomach. It took his breath away but it stopped soon afterwards. He took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. He wasn't due for two more weeks, this was probably false labor like last time.
The day came where she would board her plane to travel with the company for their European tour and would also be doing an American tour. For an entire year she would be gone.
John narrowed his eyes at his eldest daughters but in a playful tone said "You have your orders march back to the truck and grab a box."
John ran over "Hey! Break it up you two!" John pulled the two of them apart as their fists kept swinging "We're not even here five minutes and already you two are trying to kill each other."
John warred internally with himself, he should really get on those papers so his grades didn't fall (not that they were suffering in the slightest) then again a pint sounded absolutely brilliant. One night of relaxing couldn't hurt.
As Sherlocks mother walked him up the aisle she stopped right before she got to the alter "Are you sure you don't want me to hold Christopher during the ceremony?"
John shut his bedroom door and sat on his bed as he stared at the papers. He sighed and set them on the bedside table and laid down hoping he would dream about Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded and then a thought struck him "You're a military man, seen lots of death and chaos."
Sherlock shook his head and gave the boy a small smile "No darling we're just going to share the house with them."
John smiled "Of course." He then turned to Andrew. "Guess no pub tonight. I'm going to get fucked senseless instead." John and Sherlock then walked away laughing at Andrews shocked face.
"No! I don't think I want to! I want to make sure you can hear me over your stupidity!" He bellows and makes more noise.
"I'm going into the army. Special forces. I ship out next week for a year long tour. I've been going to boot camp this past year and Mycroft has helped me that even though I'm under 18 I could going the forces."
Sherlock and John shared a glance then their son gave a sharp cry. Sherlock started laughing again "I know, I know. It's okay. I've got you." He cooed. He gently took a small towel that the paramedics provided and gently rubbed the baby. "You're so wonderful."
John listened. The story was nice but it wasn't the same thing. A slight disagreement that wasn't based on political beliefs. He sighs "Thanks Mum." He says to make her feel better.
If I'm to be honest though I'm proud of your success. You seem happy with what you've accomplished so I try hard to be supportive. I take all your cues and sometimes will even attend these lavish parties where everyone's purpose is to kiss up to the most successful person in the room.
The doctor looked to Siger as he pulled the needle out of his arm and stood up. Everyone in the room held their breath as the doctor cleared his throat. "I'm sorry. I can try to make you as comfortable as possible."
We're brilliant together and I never have to think twice about your commitment towards me. Even if sometimes I still snap at you for being a bit slower to understanding then I am you just smile and kiss me.
Siger continued "Whether you like it or not you are the crowned prince. Someday you will take my place as king."
"I am sorry John." Sherlock said almost quietly. John looked up for his plate and stared at the sad face Sherlock was making. "This is a burden I've been used to and never considered the shift that this would cause you. I never imagined you would be so distraught. You don't..." He caught himself off before he could get overly emotional.
Sherlock looked into his husbands blue eyes "Fine." He smiled weakly. "You....you know that I love you right?"
Charlotte closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. "The chances of me getting into the ballet company are pretty high and we both know that will mean me traveling for the better part of a year."
Bruce gave his wife a questioning look "What? Just because my boy's an Omega doesn't mean he has to take life on the chin. You stay strong you got that son?"
John nodded sadly "Yeah I am now. At first it was hard but when you've got as many kids as I have you can't just wallow in depression, you have to keep fighting through the battle for them."
Here's is the list of John's kids, ages, and their secondary genders. I will give you a better look into reasons for names and the family dynamic in later chapters. I really wanted to push a "perfect family" look into these military kids to give a good contrast to Sherlocks kids that you will meet in the next chapter!
Greg sighed "Sherlock, you are so much more then this loner you make yourself out to be. You have to learn that you have a heart of gold, you care even though you have a weird way of showing it" he half laughed with Sherlock following "I know you're going to make one hell of a parent too."
Sherlock nodded and then a moment of silence happened between them. "My family is going to kill me." He said softly.
"Besides wouldn't want another Watson brute walking around impregnating anyone that walked by." Violet said.
"Well, Jim dear. John seems to be having a tough time at it here at the palace I thought it would be good for you to talk, maybe teach him the ropes about a few things" Kathleen said in a no nonsense tone.
John shook his head and stepped forward "No it's-" John pushed Greg aside and for the first time he saw Sherlocks swelled stomach which was a lot bigger then the last time he saw. "What-....I-......Sherlock?" John questioned.
Smith smiled at John's excitement "Good. Your study will continue in Scotland starting on June 17th."
John turned his head and saw a rather young male omega. Very attractive with his dark locks framing his face and alabaster skin. Thin frame that could clearly be seen underneath the tight suit he wore and Cupid bow lips. He seemed to be rather invested in the big textbook in front of him, muttering to himself and on occasion writing something down in the note book next to him.
Everyone raised their hands at once and he rolled his eyes. "Well all things fair, Persephone since you're the oldest..." he then handed the skull to his daughter.
"I'm sorry." She wept. "I was talking to Jeanine and it just slipped out. I'm sorry John." She then hung up quickly.
"Brilliant." Oliver then nodded to his team "It looks like you're entering transition and the baby is very low. We're going to get you out of here okay?"
Finally in the silence John spoke. "Sherlock....I am so sorry for all the pain I've cause you these past few years. I know I've broken so many promises and have hurt you so much but after today I realise that this fighting and being separated thing that we're doing is just not working. If you can find it in your heart to forgive me....I want to try to be us again."
"These past two years have been the best of my life. All I ask is the next ten minutes of yours, and maybe if you can agree to that could you agree to the next ten years? And if you could do that I ask that you spend the next ten lifetimes with me. There are so many lives I want to share with you, and I won't be complete until you say 'I do'.
One morning he was sitting at the table eating breakfast and going over some notes for a patient he had been assisting with. His father walked into the room with a stack of mail.
When the boys started changing again another trainee by the name Andrew called for John's attention. "So you coming out for pizza and the pub after mate?"
John saw Sherlocks expression turn sad and he knew it was partly due to him, still he asked "Are you okay?"
John didn't return the sentiment and Sherlock did not expect him to. The only thing he could hope for was that he brought at least some comfort to John's heavy heart.
Smith smiled oblivious to the tension. "Think of it, this time next week you'll both be in Scotland. I hope you're packed."
Sherlock and John both stood at attention next to each other. "Of course we are Father." Sherlock said.
"I know David! I want you to be with me but beyond that I don't know! I need time away and you need time to figure out if this is what you want as well. I won't fight it if you even meet another omega during our year apart. It will be best for all parties."
Charlotte felt uncomfortable and after looking at the time on her phone decided that now would probably be a good time to leave.
Sherlock gave Greg a death glare "Besides the obvious puddle on the floor I've been having contractions all morning, yes you idiot! I'm having this baby now!"
Mike rubbed the back of his neck "Look I know you want to do the right thing and all by your kid but Sherlock has just come in and screwed everything up. Maybe this fight is a sign to toss it up to bad fortune. You can still get out. It's not too late."
When she moved to wand over to get a look at the baby's face it was then John could recognise it. "Wow." He said. He could really believe that was his kid.
"No." Sherlock said turning his head to look at John "it's better that we just leave things as they are. You have a promising career that can't be held up and I have my own life. Let's just leave it at we happened to reproduce together and nothing more."
Sherlock put his hands on his hips and glared at John "Why are you defending him? You should be insulted as well! Will your father reject our baby if it's an Alpha or an Omega?!"
After that conversation seemed to flow easy and that talked about family and where they grew up, John sharing that he had a sister and Sherlock saying he had a brother who was mated to an omega. John didn't even notice that his mates had left after they tried to get John's attention but to no avail.
Greg kept a serious face "I shouldn't be the one telling you anything John. All I can say is Sherlock was rather upset last night. We came here and....that's all I can really say on the subject. Sherlock didn't even want me to call you here. I've been kept completely out of the loop and every time I or even Mycroft try to go in his room he makes such a fuss we have to rush out of there."
Siger, Sherlock, and Violet all stood silent at Zachary's remark. That was the worst insult you could give to anyone born with a secondary gender.
Sherlocks expression turned sad. He gently clasped Johns hands and brought then to his chest. "I can no longer attended here."
"Now class please look to the person sitting at your table as that will be your lab partner for the year. I trust that you all will get very aquatinted with one another. Please introduce yourselves."
Odessa nodded her head “I agree. We don’t know anything about them and yet we’re expected to live with them all happy and shit?”
Sherlock is quick to get up and in anger he yells "Oh because the great Captain John Watson is always trying to be the hero! If you didn't try so hard to fix everyone to the point of driving yourself insane I would have felt okay to share things with you!"
The Professor gave a disapproving look and glanced at his watch "20 minutes late. I know you may be used to people waiting around for you Prince Sherlock but this is my class and I expect all participants to be here."
The publicity surrounding Sherlock attending the university somewhat increased and then all the sudden almost disappeared. That could be due to the fact that the security had been increased from just Greg to almost all of Sherlocks personal guards.
Sherlock looked at Greg. "This reaction to our news is ridiculous. Everyone should be happy for us."
Sherlocks blue grey eyes looked up and the very faint rim of a tear threatened to fall. He shook his head "Not goodbye, just a see you later."
Once he got to the airport he practically ran out to catch a cab which was a lot harder then remembered. Finally one stopped and he told him to take him to Scotland Yard.
I don't need a lifetime commitment in fear that you'll run away from it. I don't want to pressure you but I'm never wrong about something and you and I are a perfect pair.
John smiled. Sherlock always knew what to say. "Well then...." he leaned up and gave his teenage love a kiss. "I'll see you later."
Johns had enough and punched Sherlock right in the face. Sherlock who was not expecting the blow fell to the floor and the pub got quiet as they were all trying to see what was going on. John came around the other side and pointed his finger toward him "I don't know who you think you are but I'm not some whore! Come back to the pub when you learn some manners you knot head!"
Sherlock remained quiet due to the fact it was too much sentiment but John could see the tension melting away. Siger pulled away and smiled then turned to John. "Young man, I don't know you but....I would like to try. My boy is very good at reading people and if he loves you I could learn to as well. I will warn you though it may take a bit."
Sherlock nodded a thank you "I see that you're still in the military. A Captian it seems. You just been recently restationed in London and it seemed you're here to stay awhile. You've just moved here less then three weeks ago and are still trying to settle."
Greg was sitting right next to him. According to his job description for this assignment he was to make sure Sherlock didn't get in any more trouble. Easier said then done he knew but he was willing to try even if he was a glorified babysitter. "Your highness?"
Sherlock stood up straighter and lifted his chin "I was in need of a job and your boss was surprised by my references so he told me as long as I could keep my manners in check and do as you tell me I could have the job."
John jumped back in fright from the screaming and loud noises. The woman grabbed a pan and held it over her shoulder "Who are you?!"
Sherlock curled his fist in anger. This was completely unfair! He deserved to be happy! He was going to be King and no one could tell him what to do.
Sherlock nodded but didn’t say another word as he watched John walk out of the restaurant. Sherlock turned toward his children and wore a look of utter disappointment. “Come on everyone. Let’s go home.”
Odessa gave out a big sigh "We'll all be brainwashed within the month. Do you think Mum will even notice."
time Sherlock asked him to accompany him to a visits John would give an excuse when in reality he was a little to squeamish to handle anything to do with the birth.
John feelings started to get hurt. "So what just because I'm not Royal you're better then me?" he said angrily.
Sherlock put his head in his hands as Cynthia and Zachary leaned forward. "And what's that supposed to mean?" Cynthia said calmly.
At the mention of her name his eldest daughter Persephone perked her head up from the table and removed her headphones obviously frustrated that she had to stop her studies "Why do I have to go with him?! He's 15 years old he can take care of himself!"
John took a deep breath and started to walk over to where he could see Sherlock but was stopped by a female officer "Where do you think you're going?"
He got his wallet, keys, and phone together and a backpack with just a change of clothes in it and headed downstairs.
Greg rolled his eyes "Whatever you say Your Highness. Shall we unload the car and get you set up in your room?"
John quickly stripped and jumped in the shower with the other Alphas and Betas. The omega trainees had other changing rooms for obvious reasons.
Bruce stood tall and puffed out his chest. "You have one hour to get yer stuff out of here." he turned away towards the stairs.
Valerie elbowed her daughter in the side. "We are very proud of John and all his accomplishments." She says trying to cover it up.
David could tell that he was trying to put on a brave front "I have to do this Sherlock. I know you've relied a lot on me this past year but this is something I have to do for me."
Sherlock wiped a stray tear away from his eye and composed himself somewhat "I told you in the beginning that you have no obligation to me. I am more the capable raising the baby on my own. If you want this badly enough then you must not want us." He then began to walk away.
George gently tapped the table John was sitting at "Sorry to do this to you mate but break time is over and the new guy just got here and I need you to train him."
Smiths face became stony as he looked at John "Is there a problem Watson? Because if there is I'm sure there is another hopeful who would gladly take your spot."
Of course traffic had to be bad and John thought he was going to go crazy. He kept looking at his watch hoping he wouldn't be too late.
Even though Sherlock looked uncomfortable with the attention he smiled at his parents "I apologise I was.....delayed." He said the last word while directly looking at John.
Sherlock shook his head. The last thing he wanted was to make this day all about him. "No, I'll be fine." He straightened himself up. "See? Good as new."
Bruce pushed Sherlock until he was out in the street. "Go away! Jailed be damn, you come on this property again I will kill you. I will make any sacrifice I have to, to protect my son." Bruce turned around and headed for the door slamming it behind him as he went in.
Molly Hooper was here though so it helped ease the awkwardness of not knowing anyone but she was currently trying to flirt with some new man.
Charlotte felt excited but extinguished the idea quickly. "Um....thanks but I should be getting back to the baby." She said with a half smile.
Sherlock tried to pull the boy away from himself but Tristan just dug his hands in harder to his shirt. "No!" He cried.
"Is that my boy?" A hearty voice called. A man that looked exactly like Mycroft in a black suit just older came up and embraced Sherlock. "I was starting to think you weren't coming."
John began to pick up the pace until the gentle sighs became cries of passion. Sherlock came with John following right on his heels.
Sherlock became angry at he question. Especially when he saw how much it hurt John. "For your information Harriet, your brother is rather fascinating. He's kind and generous and puts up with me in ways others do not. In short he's the best person I've ever known."
When John woke up it took him a second to remember his surroundings and last night. He was still on top of the roof but a quick sweep told him that Sherlock had dressed and left already.
"Hello." John's Dad said. For a second it was quiet until John's Dad said "John aren't you going to introduce us?"
Chloe stared at the freaks across the way. The more she stared the more she became angry "I can't believe we're now related to the Adams family."
John couldn't hid the smile on his face as he opened the door to his house. When he closed the door he leaned against it and gave a happy sigh. The engagement was sending his mood to a whole new level of happiness he never knew existed. He was so busy basking the his own glow that he didn't notice his Da sitting in his chair nursing a scotch. John's mood immediately shifted. "Da? Are you okay?"
Sherlock looked hurt at the statement "I never did drugs. I was helping out on a case involving a drug den and the police came in during the middle of my investigation and took me in. They did a drug test on me and I tested positive for heroin but that's only because I ingested a large amount of poppyseeds just in case the drug dealers tested me. Enough poppyseeds and you come out positive for drugs. My mother nearly had a heart attack over that one. I am clean though John."
John became angry at his sons words and picked Caleb up in his arms and marched over to the older boy. "Clark! Did you tell your brother we were leaving him here?"
The officiant began his long speech about love and devotion. Sherlock had tuned him out just staring at John. As much as he hated fanciful thoughts he couldn't help but feel like he was in a dream, here he was about to be bonded with the only person he ever fell in love with. It was almost too good to be true.
John reached across the table and flicked her spoon that was used to launch food at him out of her hand. "Stop it!"
Currently John was dressing for his afternoon math class. He walked out to the living room to grab his book bag when he caught Sherlock doing stretches such as squatting and rolling himself up and letting out long moans as he breathed. The sight was rather funny "What on earth are you doing love?"
Violet looked at her son and nodded to Greg "Thank you that will be all." She then tuned to the workers in the room "Leave us." Then waited for the staff to vacate.
John's eyes went wide at the sudden onslaught of French. He took a wild guess and hoped that Sherlock was saying something along the lines of 'I love you' but at the same time he highly doubted it. "Breath. It's okay."
Sherlock avoided the question and kept looking through John's drawers. After a few minutes of hunting Sherlock settled on a dark blue jumper, a white shirt to go underneath, and a pair of dark jeans. "These will have to do." He said pushing the clothing into John's arms.
He wasn't really angry at Sherlock he was more angry at the fact his daughter was a brat. She had the world at her fingertips and even though she was bonded and became a mother at a young age they never forced her to do anything she didn't want. True they'd ask her to spend more time with her son but that was for Tristan's benefit not hers.
John was taken out of his trance by Mike. "Oi, James that's not very fair. Casanova himself couldn't sway him."
He made a decision. He would tell John it was all a mistake and then get on with his miserable life.
Soon the world was peaceful and the stars seemed to dance above them and they both fell asleep in each other's arms.
So this is actually based off the song Shiska Godess in the musical but since John isn't Jewish and Sherlock is not a woman I just decided to use a line in the song as the title.
"Its okay. We'll help you." The team along with John helped Sherlock stand but not without a fair amount of screaming on Sherlocks part. They got him situated and started heading out.
Greg rolled his eyes "I wouldn't do that out loud. I'm used to your little magic trick since I've been with your family for awhile but others might not appreciate it."
John giggled a bit "Not bad for your first day. If this Royal business never works out for you, I'm sure you could make a fine career in toilet scrubbing."
Sherlock nodded at the 13 year old Alpha "Alright as long as you get your school work done." He walked over to the boy and handed him the baby "Here take Archimedes and if you could, supervise Killian in the tub as well. Lestrade looks like he's about to have a stroke if we continue to interrupt him."
Charlotte had no idea if she was doing well or not. She never saw him give her more then a glance. There were some girls who quit during the first few parts of the audition, at least she held on that long.
I hope you're happy with your arrangement. I hope that your running away gives you the happiness you think it will. I know without me in your life you might actually find something better. You act like it's so simple and I hope you're right.
"Why....why are you.....so cute?" Charlotte said running her hands through his hair. "I just want to fuck you you're so cute."
We began to ask around the town. We found out that he was a single man, that he was poor because we dedicated himself to helping others who could not afford to mend thier children's clothes. The town would pitch in to help this man keep up his rent.
Sherlock then took a huge breath and bore down hard. Towards the end of his first push he yelled again at the pain.
Judge Peterson smiled "You're welcome Sherlock. If it wasn't for you I'd be sitting in a jail cell under false accusations of embezzlement. I owe you my life."
Sherlock put his hands on his hips and turned to Greg with a mischievous smile "You know it's your own fault you're in this state, you know how crazy this house gets."
John shook his head "No thanks. I'll be fine. Besides my Dad is meeting me at the tube to make sure I get home safe."
Sherlock and John kissed and once they pulled away they grinned at each other. "Thank you Judge Peterson." Sherlock said.
Sherlock gathered his things "It's okay John we never have to speak of this ever again." He was sounding rushed and panicked "I have something I need to attended to. Good day." He then practically ran out of the theatre.
John became angry at those words "I'm right here and you better watch what you say about me." He says as he clenched his fists.
The Sargent smiled. "Thank you. John was a fine student and alpha. But as one chapter ends another begins and I bet your looking forward to you next adventure."
Sherlock held out his hand "Well then...good luck to you John." He shook his hand and then walked away.
Valerie's eyes went wide. "Out of his element? Of course your right this house isn't clean enough!" She ran from the kitchen and grabbed the vacuum "Here. Vacuum everything and make sure to get under the furniture as well!"
Greg looked over to Sherlock "Sherlock." He said to try to get his attention "Sherlock." He said a bit more louder and firmer. Still not getting an answer he walked over the the bed and shook the boy "Sherlock!"
The royal family all stood behind Siger as he was at the podium in front of the press. Sherlock and John in his right and Violet and Mycroft on his left. Security was all over the place as well as parliament was seated behind the King in the stage.
Sherlock found himself lying on his bed staring at the ceiling thinking about John for the millionth time. It was an odd feeling, he couldn't even exactly consider the two of them friends yet.....the glances, the smiles, each one of them gave him a weird feeling in his stomach that after a week of having them, couldn't be attributed to nausea.
Cynthia gave her husband a smile to humour him but John rolled his eyes and dug back into his cereal.
Sherlock shook his head "No, not at all. After you and I parted I got into a little bit of a rough patch in my younger years. I went down a hole of drugs and with the help of my brother Mycroft I was able to get clean again. During that time I felt like something had been missing in my life, I wanted a baby. I didn't have any intention nor want to bond with anyone so I obtained a sperm donor and got pregnant with my first child. After she was born I was content but then I wanted to give her not only a companion but to keep feeling that special feeling of loving someone unconditionally and went again for another round. Around the time my second child was born I had developed close relations with the homeless of London and a young Omega male had given birth to his son but for obvious reasons couldn't give him a life he had wanted for his baby so I adopted him and then so on and so forth. I had five and I adopted the other five."
Sherlock was stunned and very hurt he began to walk away again crying hard. He eventually hailed a taxi and John saw him leave.
John walked out to his ROTC class. After the craziness this morning and dealing with Sherlock's morning sickness then having to go through all the paperwork with the University letting them know he would no longer be on campus, it was good to be back in familiar territory.
Sherlock nodded "Once he finishes his rounds he's going to come get me. Should be any minute now." He looked at his watch. "We should continue if we want this done by Friday."
The volume just makes the headache worse. "Can you please not do that." She says barely above a whisper.
For the first time Sherlock opened his eyes "Really?" He said weakly. At Oliver's nod he pushed hard one last time as the baby was brought forth in one go.
The boys came into the restaurant, being as loud and obnoxious as possible and took over the back corner booth.
"Ha ha." David said narrowing his eyes at her. "You were supposed to stay home with Tristan and I so your parents can go out tonight."
Sherlock looked up from the camera on his phone and met John's eyes. John gave him a wink and blew him a kiss making Sherlock blush.
Mike smiled and opened the door before quickly turning around and slapping his forehead in a forgetful manner "I almost forgot!" Mike pulled out and card with blue and white trimmings and held it out for the Alpha. "The missus and my anniversary dinner is this Saturday. I was hoping to see you before then so I've had it in my back pocket for the past couple days. I would really appreciate it if you would come but the restaurant we rented out doesn't allow children so unfortunately the brood can't come." Mike said almost afraid the Alpha would tear him to pieces over the unfortunate news his children couldn't come.
Just then the door to the theatre closed making John jump. "I'm sorry but the theatre's closed." He called out.
My detective said that the powder on the note did not agree with this poor mans heart and it would seem that Schmuel had been taking this powder for quite some time.
Clark grinned apparently pleased with himself that he gave his little brother a fright "You got to admit it was pretty funny."
"Well Mary told us we had to come and see what you were up to." His Mum said kissing him on the cheek.
Sherlock had come to depend on David like he would a son and with David's current decision he knew Sherlock would most likely hate him but it was for the good of everyone. Maybe they still had a chance of he did this.
When he entered the room it was completely furnished in light cream colours with very delicate roses painted on the walls and a crystal chandler hanging from the ceiling. The bed was huge with a delicate silk canopy hanging from the top. The room was almost as long as the bottom floor of his house.
Darius was wearing a pink shirt and black slacks, preferring to take on a more conservative style then his older sibling. The great thing about being in this family that even though Sherlock may not agree with everything his children did he highly believed that his children should be free to express themselves in any way they saw fit. Growing up in a strict family where boundaries were at every turn he never wanted his children to feel that way.
John turned to Sherlock with sadness, he could see that he was reluctant to go but Sherlock was right, they both had obligations. "Right."
It took awhile before they got to the bedroom and once they did John collapsed on the bed. "You're too gud forth me Sherblock." He hiccuped.
John paced the stage like he did everyday for the past week. It seemed stupid. Sherlock hadn't talked to his at all and it was probably his Da's fault. Although he was grateful that he kept guard over him during his heat he made sure he knew it was not okay to threaten his boyfriend like that.
Sherlock looked at Molly "Almost. Just a few loose ends." Trying to be friendly for his husbands sake he smiled over at his friends "Hello boys."
All in all I guess the moral of the story is keep your loved ones close especially during the holidays when we reflect on the past as well as the future.
John got to witness Alvin in action when John was walking on the university campus and a paparazzi disguised as a student walked up to snap a picture. Before even John knew what was going on Alvin came out of no where and disarmed the man of his camera. He then took out the memory card and smashed it. He then picked the man up, gave him back his camera and said "Good day" as if he hadn't just knocked the man down on his rear.
"Don't worry about that." The woman said as she grabbed John's arm and lead him to a back room. "Just have someone from your family come by later to pay for the items. I don't want to risk your safety."
I'm always cheering for you to do amazing things. Why can't you support me the way I do you? Why do I have to feel like I committed some felony doing something I love to do?
John's eyes got big. For the first time in his life he was honestly scared he was going to die right here and now.
There would be times where after rehearsals or performances Charlotte would want to collapse with the feeling of exhaustion but it was always accompanied with a feeling of a job well done, after these stretches though she wanted to weep from exhaustion.
It had been a little over a month since the two started working together and he had started tutoring John. Even though he was excited somewhat over this new found relationship he also didn't think it would go any farther then a friendly smile passing by each other but he found himself looking forward to work, class, and even his to tutoring sessions.
John got suddenly angry "You just spring this news on me and I supposed to be okay with it? I'm sorry but I'm in university and a baby was the last thing I thought would ever happen so I'm sorry I freaked out!"
There's only a few flashes and she remembers David carrying her up to the flat but that's it. She can tell the room is empty as well since Tristan isn't making his usual cooing noise. She can't help but feel grateful the absolute last thing she wants to do right now is take care of the baby.
Sherlock flopped himself on his bed then proceeded to through a somewhat tantrum by kicking off his bed sheets in a fury and making angry grunting noises.
His brother took one last sip of tea and set it on the tray "Well then, that's my cue to leave." He started to walk away but before he did he turned back to his brother. "Just remember, you have s duty to this country. Don't let yourself fall into a pit of feelings and emotions over someone so replaceable. We care for our people, not just one person."
It was soft and wonderful and I couldn't help but feel hot and light headed. You bite your lip as you pull back but I let you know it was not unwelcome by kissing you back.
"I....I don't much care for the spotlight but.." he licked his lips "I guess I'm just have to get used to it." John took a deep breath. "If I must have security I don't want it to be a large fleet of people."
Sherlock stroked the little boy's back. "Come now Tristan, it Mummy. Don't you want to say hello to Mummy?"
Mike walked over and slapped John's back. "No point of trying to get him to go anywhere. Boring as a brick this one is."
Odessa looked somewhat ashamed of her previous words but Persephone stood her ground “I still don’t like it. But you’re right Dari, for Mum we’ll try.”
Gaining some courage he pulled out his laptop to buy a plane ticket to London. It was going to take all the money he had in his savings but hopefully it would be worth it.
I can work on my half of this relationship as well. With you I'm able to admit for once in my life I am wrong and you are not the only one at fault here.
Sherlock took a deep breath "I've been thinking a lot lately about the move to Scotland and I'm willing to make you a deal..."
Charlotte was grabbing her bag and heading out the door when a few of the girls stopped her. "Charlotte wait up!" A girl named Amanda said. She had pretty blonde hair and was one of the principle dancers in the company.
Greg cleared his throat "I'm the boys....uncle. I think he had just one to many and his tongue ran away with him. You know how young Alphas are."
Some of the lads snickered and Andrew spoke up. "He's a hotheaded arsehole. A real know-it-all and apparently has no patience for Alphas. I have a Chem class with him and he corrects the teacher. Social outcast that one. Sorry James I have to agree with Mike pick someone else."
John nodded solemnly "You're right, about three years ago my Omega, Mary, died in a car crash. It's just me and the kids now."
Greg nodded and turned Sherlock towards the door "Of course. Thank you for your understanding." Greg then lead Sherlock out.
Charlotte laid down in her bed and stared at the ceiling. Her entire future depended on the outcome of her audition next week. She could not afford to mess this up.
My love went in the back of the shop and pulled out a beautiful green velvet dress. He said it was the same one on the picture but judging by the material and the close stitching this was a remake version.
Sherlock had gotten Angelo to give them the restaurant for the night. Angelo would bend over backwards for the Omega since he helped get him off a murder charge years ago. John and Sherlock sat next to each other and Sherlock had Archimedes sitting next to them in a high chair. They had hoped that the children would mingle with each other but it seemed that everyone was trying to stick to their own side.
You tell me you have no other choice which I know is a lie. Everyone thinks I'm selfish but at this moment no one is more selfish then you are. You tell me I'm being unreasonable and I yell back.
Persephone frowned. Out of all of her siblings Darius was the only one who ever brought up the fact that either they were artificially inseminated are adopted. It was like an unspoken rule that you never bright that subject up. They all belonged to Sherlock and he was enough for them all.
Sherlock felt bile coming up his throat. He had never done anything like this before, so pedestrian, so normal. He looked back to the road where his driver was leaning on his car and Greg was standing next to him who was doing a very bad job at trying not to smile.
Every day his thoughts went back to Sherlock. He was wondering what he was doing, how he would be coping with the loss of their baby, if he was happier without John. Every once in a while he'd get the courage to try to call him but every time it went to voicemail until eventually the number was disconnected due to Sherlock changing it. That made the pain start all over again, knowing he changed it would so John wouldn't be able to contact him.
"I'm going to go get Andrew and James so we can walk down to the feild together." Mike says as he grabs his keys and heads towards their door.
John huffed but walked away. There was nothing more for him to do. Hopefully Sherlock would let him back in. There had to be an end to this nightmare somewhere.
As Sherlock was putting the books away he decided to bring up something that had been bothering him on and off for the past couple of days. "John, I almost forgot I ran into a friend of yours awhile ago."
John was caught off guard a bit but he now felt a little more comfortable with the words he was reading. "Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer."
John gave him a hard look "Listen I am here to learn and get my degree. I don't care if you're the Prince but I do care that we are lab partners and I partially rely on you to get a good grade. So do your work, show up to class, and we don't have to think, talk, or see each other otherwise. Got it?"
John carried a couple of boxes of clothes into 221B. Even though he didn't have many items to move in, after the day he had he wasn't really feeling up to doing much.
"Of all the stupid, selfish, moronic things you've done Sherlock, this is by far your lowest point. Bravo." Mycroft was pacing back and forth while Sherlock sat in the red chair and Greg was watching from the side.
John nodded "Thanks. Well yeah, I've just gotten back here and it's been nice. You're right though it's been a tough move trying to move the family here."
Sherlock smiled "I had your mother give me her recipe. Now you have a little of home in London. Don't get used to it though I'm not a homebody."
Greg was in slight shock at how fast John was possibly agreeing to this "As soon as you can. Tomorrow?"
"No John, you really can't. You have always had a bad temper but lately it's been worse. First David, now me. I'm worried you're going to get out of hand and end up hurting our grandson."
Siger patted John's arm like he was trying to sooth a child "But just because they can doesn't mean they should. While yes, Omegas have made great strides and I am proud to say that England is the forerunner of Omega rights, at what costs must our children suffer while Omegas frill about searching for some dream?"
Siger started leading her out of the room with Sherlock following them "No one said you had to dear."
Violet cleared her throat "It has been no help to your character that you are known as the 'mysterious' prince. There for we are going to push you out into society with the hope that the media will grow tired of you while at the same time understanding that you are a prince of the people and will rule in such a way."
Sherlock shrugged "It feels how you might imagine carrying an extra ten pound right on your middle would feel."
Before they got far Sherlock stopped them "Wait! Greg!" Sherlock said breathless. Greg walked over and immediately Sherlock grabbed him by his collar. "Listen to me." He said in between pants "Go to Baker Street. Mm- my bag is in the bedroom and there's also a small bag for the baby. But this is very important you have to bring the blue blanket with the lamb on it. It has to be that blanket do you understand!?"
One day he over slept and decided he wasn't going to go until John found his dorm room and practically dragged him from his bed.
"Happy?!" Bruce laughed "You think that cock on two legs cares at all about yer happiness boy-o? You think he cares at all that you got a brain in that head of yours?! All he cares about is getting you up the duff and making sure you bend over and give it to him eight ways to Friday! Yer an arse if you think any different!"
John could see the hint of panic in Sherlock's eyes but Mycroft spoke to Greg. "You knew about this?"
John walked next to him. From up here the city was truly beautiful with the lights of the city making it glow. "Thank you for sharing this with me." John said as he kept looking ahead but grabbed Sherlock's hand.
"Precisely! The sooner we get this wedding on the way the sooner we can introduce the people into a new dynasty. Before you know it we will have a royal baby too. One to symbolize a new generation."
"Why haven't you and Mycroft had any children. I see the way you look at Sherlock and help him out and it seems like you'd be a natural parent."
Sherlock furrows his brow but continues "Well I appreciate your open mindedness because I'm planning to keep it."
It's like the universe had planned a perfect escape. Right after that kiss with John, Sherlock was called away to the palace by some urgent business and he was never more grateful for the dull dinners and fake smiles.
The next day getting out of bed for Sherlock was impossible. It wasn't so much the fact he was tired it was more a fact being a slave to a schedule. He was so used to doing things on his own time that having to be on someone else's schedule was punishment in and of itself.
Sherlock’s heart stops, trying to take in the information he was so scared to deduce earlier, but he doesn’t dare to speak.
John lets the sentence trail off when something in the corner of his eyes catches his attention. From his seat close to the window he has a good view of the other side of the street, where several police cars are currently parking in front of one of the houses. One of the officers is securing police tape in front of the pavement, closing it off from the public. The chaotic scene of people running around, carrying boxes full of supplies from each car to the building is not what makes John pause, though. It’s the back of a tall, curly-haired man in a long coat, apparently arguing with one of the officers. Mr. Holmes lifts his hands up in frustration before ruffling them through his hair. For some reason John’s mouth twitches up at the gesture.
“I saw it too, John.” Sherlock looks up at John, who moves forward in his chair. The sight of John’s face keeps the rising panic at bay, at least for a little while.
“Mr. Watson, I’m afraid we can’t give you any news on your husband’s physical state. All we can do is wait until – “
Sherlock nods and leaves the bedroom. He doesn’t notice what happens after that. It all feels numb. When John returns fully dressed and with a suitcase, Sherlock is sitting in his chair without any idea how he got there or how much time has passed. He distantly hears John putting on his coat and coming back into the living room.
“There’s one more thing we need to talk about. Could you imagine yourself sharing your bed with me?” I raise an eyebrow. Maybe it’s too soon for that.
“Yeah, er, I dunno. Would you mind? Just for tonight?” John replies. He’s probably feeling guilty, even though there’s no need to. This whole nightmare is all Sherlock’s fault. He’d be damned if he doesn’t do everything in his power to make the situation as comfortable as possible for John.
“Tea?” Sherlock asks, offering me the mug on the kitchen table. I politely decline the offer and sit down. Okay, I can do this.
Sherlock can’t believe that this woman, whom he assumed to be of above-average intelligence, really thinks there’s a reason to be flattered. “Don’t be.”
The next morning John woke up early and silently made his way downstairs. He wanted to let Rosie sleep for as long as possible and decided to prepare a nice Sunday breakfast for the three of them. He had managed to push aside his worries yesterday night, hoping that his sleep-deprived daughter might have forgotten her wish already.
“Yeah, I actually meant to go to bed. Wow, you did an amazing job, guys! The nursery looks so good. John, did you buy the mobile? I like it.”
All of a sudden John comes closer, his expression shifted from relief to something different, something that makes Sherlocks knees turn weak again. The blue in John’s eyes is so deep that Sherlock is on the verge of getting lost in them, but then John licks his lips, causing Sherlock’s eyes to shoot down. Without another thought, Sherlock closes the remaining distance between them and kisses John.
He once heard word of a couple in Brighton who met in their late 70s, when their first spouses had already deceased. They found out because the man helped the woman out of the bus offering her his hand. Albeit being an inspiring love story, John refused to believe that the same would happen to him anytime soon. He started dating Mary, and they got along great. She made him laugh more than anyone and tried to understand the struggle of returning to civilian life after a period of war and danger. Gradually, they fell in love, not caring about the universe having different plans for their future. They only mentioned the fact that they’re non-persons once in their blossoming relationship, and never talked of it again.
Sherlock forces himself to look away and starts pacing the small compartment. There’s no use in piercing into John’s deep blue eyes now. He needs to focus.
“Come on, who’d want me for a flatmate?” I smile slightly to cover up the sad truth that lies beneath my statement. I’m not the type of person many people would want to share a flat with. I can’t even resent them. I don’t think I would want me as a flatmate, either.
from such a long time ago. The doctor who is currently standing in his way of the door crosses his arms in front of him and gives Sherlock a long look. He’s surrounded by two other doctors who have already examined John after Sherlock had pressed the alarm on John’s bedside.
John feels Sherlock’s eyes on him for a second, and he can hear the shifting of his voice before he continues.
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock replied. He opened the orange tube only to smear the colour all over his hands while doing so.
John closes the living room door and uses the short pause to gather up his courage. “Sherlock? You do know we have all the time in the world, right?”
The forensics team is already working on the car Sherlock mentioned. With Sherlock by his side, they walk over to the crime scene, and John realises again how natural it feels to be in the tall man’s company. Sherlock demands for a blood sample to be sent to the lab before starting to analyse every inch of the car. John stays next to him with crossed arms, eager to watch the forthcoming deductions. He’s had the pleasure of witnessing Sherlock deduce a crime scene once before, back in January. His ability to read people and situations like open books fascinated John from the very first minute. The way his long body moves over the items presented to him reminds John of a curious gazelle. Sherlock must be able to see things that nobody else does; his mind working like an ever-going engine. Watching Sherlock deduce, John wonders not for the first time what it must be like to see the world through his eyes.
John slowly awakes from his stare. Sherlock, his best friend, his person and the love of his life, is here in the flesh. After all the sleepless nights, his only wish finally came true.
“You do realise that you don’t have a say in this matter,” John replies but checks himself in the mirror nonetheless. Maybe he shouldn’t have gone for such a Christmassy jumper. Maybe he should show his flatmate that he can have a sense of fashion if he wants to.
Sherlock didn’t even notice the waitress appearing at his table. She’s a young woman wearing a so-called
At least with that, Jeanette was right. And there’s a reason for that. Before Sherlock entered my life one year ago today, I was a mess. He turned my life around, gave me something worth living for again. He changed everything. Solving crimes with Sherlock, watching crap telly in the evening, ordering Chinese food, playing Cluedo and laughing at his ridiculous conclusions, drinking tea with Mrs. Hudson and going to the pub with Mike or Lestrade is everything I could have ever hoped for. It’s what I want to do for the rest of my life. I think about what my life looked like only a year ago and realise how happy I am today.
John wanted to object but made up his mind and thanked Sherlock for getting the rings, instead. When Sherlock went upstairs to wake Rosie for breakfast, John used the time to stare at his left hand. He hadn’t worn a wedding band since taking his off almost two years ago. The guilt he had felt whenever he had looked at his hand had nearly made him lose his mind. The guilt of taking it off was even worse but then Sherlock had deposited the ring onto the mantelpiece next to a framed picture of Mary, Rosie and John and John’s guilt had started to fade.
“Don’t take my actions to justify yours, John, that’s not your style. You cheated on me long before I laid eyes on this man!” Mary shouts at him.
wedding band, but he couldn’t help it. Soon it was all going to be over. He had had his chance, and he had messed it up. Now that he knew that John didn’t love him the way he did, it was time to move on. The thought of believing that he could made Sherlock almost snort.
It takes Sherlock another couple of minutes to realise that we should definitely leave at this point. Mr. Simon thanks us and shuts the door behind him and his soon-to-be ex-wife, who agreed to stay and do some more explaining.
“I just wanted to thank you, for being so supportive and understanding of my – of our situation. The way you take care of me is more than I could ever ask for. I hope you know that I don’t take this for granted.” He shifts his position even closer to Sherlock.
“Unfortunately, they’re closed already but we – I’ll go there tomorrow and check them out. Found it in the glove compartment.”
Sherlock knows what he has to do, but he hesitates. Just for a moment, he allows himself to store this image of John in his mind palace. It might be the last image of him wearing the wedding band with Sherlock’s initials. The last moment of John being his husband.
“Sherlock!” The surprise in Mycroft’s voice sounds earnest. “I wasn’t expecting to hear from you so soon.”
“What about you, just staying in town? Are you getting yourself sorted?” That’s a bloody good question. I try not to think about that too much.
. The picturesque cottage and the sand stone walls remind John of his home, where he spent his childhood with his father and Harry. It’s not a particularly fond memory, but he quickly dismisses the thought. He hasn’t even told Mary what he went through in his infancy, and he doesn’t think he’ll ever entrust anyone with the knowledge – except for maybe the posh git with the perfect parents next to him.
The cemetery is quite empty for a Sunday afternoon. I turn left to Mary’s grave and stop in front of it. I forgot to buy flowers, but the old ones from last week still seem fine. I’ve made a habit of visiting her grave once a week, usually with Rosie. I tell Rosie about Mary when we’re here (although I leave out the not-quite-children-appropriate-assassin-stories). Rosie often asks me about her Mummy, and that’s when I usually improvise because there’s so much I didn’t know about her, or don’t want a two-year old to know. Now is one of the rare occasions that I’m here alone, and I figure I might as well use the opportunity.
He finally sighs and shifts in his chair. “I know that it’s not the two of us against the rest of the world anymore, John.” Somehow he looks vulnerable, even hurt. I feel something tighten in my chest.
“But I don’t KNOW what we’ve been through! For me it’s like I’ve only known you for a couple of months!” John has started to yell, which only makes Sherlock more furious.
John smirks while raising an eyebrow. “Fine. But if you do get killed, don’t come back to haunt me.”
“The same goes for the basement door. You literally can’t open it without the proper code. The thief must be someone close to Mr Bellinger. Maybe one of the staff…”
“Eat this, it should make you feel better,” John says, placing the tray onto the small bedside table.
“You killed an unarmed man? Why did you do that?” Sherlock can hear disbelief, but also disappointment in John’s voice and he hates it. He hates that he has to go through this again, has to see John’s reactions and relieve some of the worst parts of their past.
John is quiet and, after a couple of minutes, falls asleep. Sherlock, on the other hand, lies awake, trying to witness the most of this experience. He tucks his feet in slightly, until the point where his right leg touches John’s foot. He rests it there, enjoying the warm touch. After a while, he bends over to carefully look at the face next to him. A small glimmer of moonlight shines through the window, allowing Sherlock to see John’s face. John smiles in his sleep, looking content and as beautiful as ever. Sherlock thinks about touching his cheek, but doesn’t want to wake John and so turns back around after another long while.
“We could go over the case again. Or you could help me solve a cold case from 1895. I’ve been working on it for weeks but there’s a small detail I seem to be missing.”
“Hatty, hi, I’m Sherlock, this is John. I was just wondering whether you could come with us to explain your situation to your husband, as he’s been rather worried about you.” Sherlock replies and fake-smiles at her.
John woke up early the next morning, his neck stiff and his muscles sore from the playground. He decided to let Rosie sleep for a bit longer and made his way downstairs in order to make a well-needed cup of coffee.
The cold water hits him like stone, numbing his body within seconds. Luckily it’s not salt water, but his wound hurts nonetheless. Sherlock tries to keep his head above water with his hands and feet still tied together, which already costs him more energy than he has left. He swallows a large gulp of water whilst cursing before he manages to keep up.
“Oh, what now? I’m in shock! Look, I’ve got a blanket. And I just caught you a serial killer... more or less.”
“What? What are you apologising for? Wait a second, you don’t still have that goose liver from Tuesday hidden, do you?”
When Sherlock presses him closer to the outside wall, John is glad for the support of the stone cold wall, forming an intriguing contrast to Sherlock’s warm body. He grabs another handful of Sherlock’s coat to get even closer, bringing a hand up into Sherlock’s hair; and can hear Sherlock lightly groan in response. One of Sherlock’s hands is around John’s neck while the other is wrapped around his back, caressing him ever so slightly. Hot waves of desire stir up in John’s loins, making themselves noticeable rather embarrassingly. He briefly thinks that he’ll never be able to stop, when Sherlock breaks off and steps back abruptly.
John joins him on the bed. This time, he wears a proper T-shirt. Sherlock can’t hide the hint of frustration crawling onto his expression. He leaves for the bathroom himself and finds John still sitting on the side of the bed when he returns.
“It’s hideous, John. The criminal classes have lost all creativity lately. I wouldn’t have even accepted this case if it wasn’t for our client’s pronunciation of his feared demon.”
John gives him a quick glance and clears his throat before stepping into the bathroom himself. Sherlock decides to lay down and get under the huge floral printed blanket for two. He waits and listens as John brushes his teeth and puts on his sleeping clothes. John returns in his pajama bottoms which Sherlock has seen before many times but doesn’t remember ever looking so thrilling. He’s also wearing a white muscle shirt, which is quite unusual for him. Sherlock finds that he has to swallow for some reason.
“I’ll go to bed right after. Would you switch off the lights once you go upstairs?” Sherlock asked, pulling John from his thoughts.
“Holy shit, Sherlock,” I manage to get out through gritted teeth. I lean back down on the pillow and grab the sheets.
Sherlock opens his mouth to speak, but John holds up a hand and continues. “This might not be the best timing, I know, but I just had to tell you. I look at you now and I see everything I want in this world. I don’t understand why I ever thought I could be happy with anyone else. I don’t know about your feelings, whether there’s a simple Off switch, because you behaved so differently earlier, but –“
“I’ve wanted – to do this – for a long time,” Sherlock says in between kisses. John finds that he has never agreed more.
“Yes,” Sherlock says while leaning down without further warning. The feeling of Sherlock’s cock pressed against John’s own is so fantastic John could cry. Sherlock starts to rub and thrust slightly, and John is afraid this will be over sooner than later.
So they do have something in common, at least. Sherlock can tell that she means what she says. It must cost her a lot to seek out her husband’s soulmate, to ask him to start a friendship with him.
“You are! It’s because you always wear the damn coat. It makes you acclimatised to warmth. Come here.” John says, raising his own arm as to invite Sherlock in.
“It’s not my triumph! I just needed time to think, okay?! That’s what people do!” I feel myself getting angry again. “I expect you to understand, you
He can see the look of confusion on the other man’s face, an expression he’s gotten to know quite well ever since he started deducing people out loud. The lie about the call is only half-false; he’s sure that Lestrade will call for his help any minute.
There’s a noise on the streets causing John to turn towards the window. He gets up and stares outside, the low summer sun warming up his face even from afar. He briefly closes his eyes against the blinding light and doesn’t even notice the steps on the staircase.
Upstairs, I take Rosie from Sherlock’s arms and ask her about her day. She hasn’t really uttered words yet, apart from the occasional ‘da’. It probably has to do with the loss of her mother. I always see Mary in her, she looks so much like her mother. And she’s not even going to remember her. I feel my throat tighten at the thought of it, and try to think of something else to distract myself. These feelings are never going to go away, just as the guilt of the text affair and everything that went wrong in our marriage is never going to go away. I cannot change what I did in the past, all I can do is try to be better in the future.
Sherlock, like usual, joins him, because John’s laugh is addictive and infectious and absolutely beautiful.
A couple of minutes later, John emerges from the bathroom, his hair still wet from the shower. He’s wearing his old shirt and trousers again and leans back onto the kitchen counter, rubbing a towel through his hair. Sherlock has never imagined kissing John before a few days ago, and he hasn’t stopped imagining it since.
John stares from the gate separating them from the horse back to Sherlock. “How the hell are we supposed to do that?”
They arrive at Sumatra Road fifteen minutes later. Sherlock jogs down the stairs to the station, trying to shift his attention back to the case. What used to be an unspoken law – that a case provides distraction from even his worst addictions – no longer applies. Instead, he found himself thinking about his fight with John during the whole ride over.
Even though he doesn’t take his eyes off the microscope in front of him, he can feel Stamford staring at him.
It’s late in the evening when they arrive at the hotel. They have spent the rest of the day calling and then talking to the local police again. Dr. Huxtable has apparently organised their accommodation and already deposited John’s suitcase at the
“I know that’s what it’s like for you. But that’s not what it’s like for me! And you know what? I could never forget you, John. If anyone extracted my brain from my body they’d find you engraved all over it! There’s no way I could ever forget you.”
Sherlock, surprised at the sudden interest in his field of work, finds that he doesn’t want the doctor to think he’s merely a chemist.
“I’m sure it’s gonna be fun. And Rosie and I will have some fun, too. Isn’t that so, darling?” She smiles over at Rosie and I feel a wave of gratitude for Molly. A few years ago, we were mere acquaintances and only spent time together because of Sherlock, but now she’s the godmother of my daughter and one of my closest friends. I smile at her.
Sherlock seems to enjoy the praise. He plants kisses all over my face and I have to giggle. “Will you let me return the favour?” I ask.
Sherlock finally looks up from his magazine and looks the DI over. “The body will have to wait until tomorrow, as John and I already have plans for the evening.”
John has never been much interested in classic music. He was astonished by Sherlock’s knowledge of all the major European composers of the last three hundred centuries, but it’s not like he could name more than a handful of them himself. He only heard Sherlock play a complete piece once before, on Mrs. Hudson’s birthday. All the other times when he found Sherlock with his violin he was only playing a couple of notes or lightly tucking the strings whilst being deep in thought. Now Sherlock is playing complete songs – or is it one very long piece? – from a probably famous composer who John doesn’t recognise. It’s the most fascinating melody John has ever heard. He’s sure his enjoyment doesn’t solely come from the composer’s abilities but from Sherlock’s brilliance. In another life, he could’ve definitely been an orchestra musician.
“You just wrote ‘still has trust issues’.” What’s that supposed to mean? What does me not writing on the blog have to do with trust issues? I’m starting to think that this is a waste of time.
After a moment of silence, Sherlock decides to accept the offer by slowly leaning closer to John. It has gone quite dark, although not dark enough for Sherlock not to notice the way John stares at him when he actually takes the offer. John probably didn’t expect this, Sherlock thinks. Maybe this was a bad idea. But once he touches John’s side with his own, once John takes his right arm around Sherlock and starts to stroke Sherlock’s arm with his hand, all thoughts are gone.
Back at the flat, Sherlock brings Rosie up for a nap. When he returns to the living room, I hand him a mug and we sit down in our chairs again. It’s almost like our little Sunday afternoon routine. I’d usually grab a book now or watch crap telly with Sherlock. Now, however, I crease my brows and examine my best friend’s expression. It seems neutral, like usual.
“It’s really just a small thing, not worth mentioning. You can return it if you don’t like it; I just saw it at the store the other day and couldn’t pass by.” John’s thumb is now drawing tiny circles across Sherlock’s hand, and it’s more calming and also arousing than it has any right to be.
It’s harder than I thought. Even though I leave Rosie for a couple of hours four times a week, I can’t help but think that this is different. I should take her with me to Baker Street, it’s where we belong. I kiss her again and explain everything to Molly.
He still sees Mary at work four days a week, and her resentment and anger towards him definitely aren’t fading. He’s been trying to deal with their situation professionally but getting through the divorce with his dignity still intact wasn’t easy. In order to wrap it up as quickly as possible, they had to base their cause of separation on the fact that John left his wife for his person (in which case the reason for the divorce is outside of the parties’ control), causing him to be the bad guy. He got used to the condescending looks thrown his way at work pretty quickly, but he’s not sure he would’ve survived Sherlock’s absence and the divorce without Mike and Greg by his side. He can only begin to imagine how Sherlock must feel without anyone to comfort him, but then again it was his choice to leave in the first place.
Sherlock and his parents were on the study of the Holmes estate. Through much coaxing his mother agreed to see him but was currently refusing to meet the Watsons.
Earlier that day John had woken up to the sound of banging dishes. He rubbed his eyes and went down stairs to see what the devil was going on. When he reached the bottom he saw his mother scrubbing their best China.
John held Sherlocks hand "Me too. I know it's a learning curve with us and our families are no help at all but....I do love you and I want to see this thing through."
John was stunned but quickly remembered his Mum's request "But I need to get these things." he said quickly.
Before he could get anything out he was slapped hard across the face. She had even left a bit of nail marks behind. "HOW DARE YOU!" She then grabbed John by the shirt. "HOW DARE YOU! Not only do you get my baby pregnant but you whisk him away and marry him!! Without his family! Without my permission!"
John licked his lips in frustration as he looked at his daughter "Do as I say not as I do and Connor your sister is right when Christopher comes back out here you can help him carry it in if you like but as punishment both of you get to scrub the toilets for a month."
Sherlock gets really close to him "So do I but you have twenty minutes before its crucial you leave. I think we can do it in twenty minutes." He then captures John's lips.
Sherlock held out his hand to the portly man who had his arms crossed and his face practically made of stone.
"You know, that's how you get stomach aches." Sherlock said as he pulled the empty bottle away from his mouth. He shifted the infant to his shoulder and began to pat his back to burp him.
When he walked into the waiting room there was no sign of the omega. He asked the nurse at the desk if Sherlock was still there and he pointed him to the room he was in.
John just nodded not trusting himself to talk and let Sherlock hold his hand and help him out of the car. "My...things.." he said turning back towards the car.
"Make it stop! Make it stop!!" Darius, his eldest Omega son said, as he came into the room holding his hands over his ear and screaming at the top of his lungs. "Mum I can't take it anymore make her stop!"
After dinner was eaten and the plates cleared John escorted Sherlock out to his car where his driver and Greg stood. To give the couple some privacy they turned so they weren't staring directly at them.
John and Sherlock stared at each other for a quick moment then they both moved in closer and their lips met. John closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of Sherlocks lips against his. Sherlock then began to move his tongue his his mouth and it tasted sweet. This was by far the best kiss he had ever experienced.
Zachary patted his sons back. "John it's better this way. At least Sherlock is being reasonable and not trying to drain you dry with demanding money or long court trials, it's almost a good thing you didn't have the kid because then you have custody battles."
The doors opened to the palace and John marvelled in its splendour. He of course had been here before on school trips and such but for some reason it felt even more amazing then it used to.
John went up in his toes and hushed Sherlock with a kiss. When he pulled away he looked into his eyes. "Then we won't tell anyone. It will just be our secret."
James walked over "So we were hoping you let John go for the evening. We're having a rugby meet up with some of the guys from the surgical unit."
Sherlock whimpered and nodded as he wrapped his arms around John's neck and his legs around his waist. "Please."
Sherlock snuggled further into the mattress and closed his eyes in relaxation "Mm....how was your day love?"
Sargent Smith smiled "I knew John would come to his senses about accepting the apprenticeship in Scotland. I hope you'll be well settled there before the baby comes."
Inside it were pictures of a pretty young woman and a handsome man. The photo's were taken ages ago. We figured that the man in the pictures was Schmuel but knowing that he had no wife to speak of gave us no hint to who this woman was.
Sherlock felt the tell tale signs of another contraction coming on "Don't leave John. I don't want to do this alone."
The drive seemed like forever and then finally the cab pulled up to a quaint looking house with a small garden out front. He was glad he didn't delete Johns address from his mind palace as he paid the cabbie for the ride.
Sargent Smith walked back to behind his desk and picked up a stack of papers "I have recommended you for an apprenticeship with Doctor Philip Conner."
Sherlock led John to a small town house in the middle of the city. "Sherlock, where are we?" John asked.
Sherlock stood a little straighter "Let it be known I will not have you throwing yourself at me. I do not need some witless Omega wanting to fuck me."
Someone from a publishing company contacted me about possibly writing a book based on our adventures. I haven't officially said yes yet but some people never get this kind of success, maybe I'll just enjoy my ego being swollen for a bit but I'll still have to think about the offer.
Meredith's smile fell a bit. "I'm sure you have and I'm not questioning that but I must do what his Royal majesty requests."
Sherlock closed his eyes and basked in the love John was giving off. "Couldn't have done it without you."
Sherlock wiped the globs of orange baby food from his ten month old baby, Archimedes face as his eight year old twins who were of Asian descent, Lucretia and Waylon fought each other with foam swords around his legs.
Greg shrugged "Sherlock, let him graduate and if he still is acting like this afterwards talk to him. A marriage requires communication and if you feel this way you need to talk to him."
"I can't. I graduate in two months and my grades have been slipping." John said shrugging of Sherlocks hands.
Sherlock looked at John expectantly secretly willing the Alpha to beg him to stay. "Well...." he cleared his throat. "I guess this is good night." He then held out his hand.
Mycroft raised his brow at his brothers comment. "Due try to keep yourselves in check. You are supposed to be setting an example."
John dug his fist into his trousers so realise do of his anger. "Forgive me for speaking out of turn your majesty but we are no longer living in the dark ages. Omegas can strive to do whatever they want."
George the owner, a big muscular man with a balding head, came out from the back room once he heard the yelling going on. He came to stand beside John and saw a boy on the ground holding his cheek "What the devil is going on here?"
Sherlock faced John more "John, my family is here, my school is here, you and I both like it here. I want the baby to grow up in London."
Sherlock gave his brother a scowl. Sherlock knew what would be expected of John once he began learning his station "I cannot ask of John to simply put on the burden of a household. He's going to school to be a Doctor as well as being enrolled in the army. I cannot ask him to simply throw that all away."
My eyes go big as they meet yours. I can honestly say I did not see this coming. Aren't I supposed to know everything?
John smiled "A soldier is always grateful for what he is given but in this case I'm inclined to agree with you."
On his way out he snapped his umbrella into John's stomach hard making him loose his breath. Sherlock immediately turned to John and gave his brother a death glare.
Sherlock stepped close to John and held his hand as he stared deeply into his eyes and spoke in a gentle tone "Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?"
John smiled "That's brilliant. Mary and I only planned on have four children tops but call it fate or what have you, no matter what we did she seemed to keep getting pregnant. I have three Omega girls and five Alpha boys."
"Hello Judge Peterson." Sherlock said smiling holding John's hand. "I'm here to cash in that favour you owe me."
"No it's not! You told me you thought it was because of the baby I wanted to be with you but up until now I didn't even know there was a baby, yet here I am! Ready to commit to you for the rest of my life. I'm willing to forgive you if you're willing to forgive me."
"Um...just John please. Master John sounds too stuffy for me." He laughed nervously but Alvin just stared at him which made John slightly nervous. He cleared his throat. "I brought you out a cuppa. I felt bad about making you just sit out here."
The doctor gathered his things and made his way out of the room. When he finally left Sherlock stepped a little closer to his family. "What did he mean."
Thank you for staying with this series. Sorry these updates took such a long time coming. I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Thank you so much again!
Sherlock gave up on the conversation and walked to their room to fetch his robe and begin cleaning. His nesting instincts had been hitting him lately and no matter what he did he wouldn't get the flat clean enough.
Christopher’s inner Alpha grew and looked the fellow Alpha in the eye “You don’t want to challenge me. You’re not even a full Alpha yet.”
He through a few notes at the cabbie and headed straight for the door. He knocked furiously on the door until Richard opened it up. "Yes?" Richard said as if he had no idea who he was.
Valentina and Edelweiss decided stand on top of the table trying to get height on Cody, Clark, Clara with Lucretia and Waylon acting as their distractions so they could nail the three with noodles and sauce.
John couldn't help but laugh at the greeting and patted the Beta's back as they pulled away "Mike, good to see you! How are you?"
John set his fork down a little more forcefully then necessary "Mum! That's not what I want for myself! I want my own life and my own career before I settle down and bond."
John cut another piece of the roast and put it into the homemade roll and enjoyed the savoury richness of the meats juices. Living on bland toast and turkey sandwiches could only go so far.
John woke up to the sound of clattering pots and pans in the kitchen. He looked over and Sherlock was on his side sleeping. Quietly he got out of bed and walked out into the kitchen area to see what was making that noise.
John looked up and nodded with the hint of tears in his eyes and smiled. "Yeah um....I just can't believe that there's a baby in there. Much less my baby."
Their arms got tangled as the grid to undress each other's as fast as possible. It was clumsy but it felt right.
Sherlock kissed his head "No need to apologise. We'll get through this together." They kissed once again before joining the family.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders "Fair enough. Now, we are at the masked party. It is the first time Romeo and Juliet have laid eyes on each other, not knowing who the other one is but Romeo being the lover can't seem to keep his eyes off the fair maiden and Juliet being the naive soul that she is wants nothing more then to be in love as well."
John wiped the grin off his face "Nothing is was a joke. I wouldn't consider anything we have here 'fine' but...I could get you a Greene King. Has a nice finish to it."
Sherlock pulled back and shook his head "It's too late. This divorce papers have already been filed all they need is John's signature. He'll probably sign them right away and probably already has a string of omegas waiting for him to be officially single." He took a deep shuttering breath. "It's better this way." He repeated hoping that if he said it enough times it would make the words true.
Disappointed that the omega left without so much as a goodbye, he began to gather his clothes and dress again to begin his walk of shame. When he put his hands into his jacket he felt a piece of paper that he knew had not been there previously. He pulled it out and in the neatest hand writing he had ever seen, began to read the note.
John started breathing heavily leaning up against a brick wall in an alleyway. Sherlock was next to him trying to catch his breath, hair disheveled and eyes wide. For a second they stare at each other then start giggling.
"Yeah." Sherlock groaned. "Things are just a bit uncomfortable right now. I'm told that the second trimester is supposed to be the easiest part but if this is easy I shudder at the thought of my third trimester."
John wanted to be angry but couldn't bring himself to be. What if his friends were right? What if this was his last bit of freedom? He knew that the baby and marriage would drastically change his life but this?
Sherlock was currently giving his grandson a bottle. Charlotte decided early on she wouldn't breast-feed, not wanting to ruin her chest by making her breasts sag.
But in a way his brother was right. It was okay for Mycroft to have a secret relationship because at the end of the day the crown was not falling on his head. Sherlock would eventually have to marry for diplomatic purposes but he knew relationships like that were distant and the only purpose they served were to continue the line. He couldn't afford a distraction like John.
Sherlock couldn't help but smirk at the scene playing out in front of him. "We can stay here tonight if you need us."
John was in the theatre again going over Romeo and Juliet. Without Sherlock he felt like he was drowning but what could he do? He had no other choice at the moment.
Greg shrugged "It happened. I'm not proud of it. Some complications happened and my uterus is botched now. The possibility isn't completely gone but it might as well be. There's not one day that goes by where I don't regret my decision. Looking at you and Sherlock and seeing how well you both manage it....I know it could have been possible."
Sherlock waited at the flat. Charlotte was to be coming home today and in a silent truce with John he was supposed to be here for her homecoming.
It was after closing and John had just got done cleaning the counters and opened up the script to try to study it again while at the same time watch Sherlock sweep up.
Sherlock's hand gripped John's tight but it was the only thing that gave any hint he was nervous about his mothers reaction.
Sherlock looked around and nodded "Yes, it seems a lot of people couldn't make it. That gives us less then the advantage I wanted."
Sherlocks sobs became louder "I'm saying there is no baby anymore. I lost it. So....go to Scotland. Become an army doctor. Live all the dreams you deserve. Without me."
People knew of course had had more then four children but Sherlock always made it a point to keep his house and work separated as much as possible for the protection of his own children. Of course people had seen him with his children out and about but because five of his ten children were adopted and in turn looked nothing like their Mother no one could really tell if he was just babysitting or if the were actually apart of his pack and unless someone flat out asked him about it he never minded the assumptions.
He opened the door to find remains of what looked like a party. Wrapping paper on the floor, plates with bits of cake, and decorations featuring light colours with storks all around.
John and Sherlock locked eyes for just a second and Sherlock stood up and went over to hug his daughter. "I know this past year has been awful and I know I have been a poor excuse for a father but no matter what your Papa and I will always love you. If you think this is what you need to do we won't stop you."
As John slowly walked away with papers in hand Cynthia's eyes sadly followed him "We'll be here if you need us sweetheart."
John wanted to hang his head in shame but stood at attention without flinching even while he was getting yelled at "Loud and clear sir!"
Sherlock stared wide eyed at the information but then started to giggle and his laughter grew louder.
John angrily kicked the ground before he marched back up to the locker room. It was probably for the best that he was dismissed from class since his heart wasn't in it today but it still hurt.
I know in my heart this weekend alone will be the perfect opportunity to fix us. Just as I'm about to tell you how much I appreciate you coming your phone rings.
Sargent Smith stood up from behind his desk and walked around so he was standing in front of John. "Watson over the past school year I have seen you go through every sort of up and down and I'm here to say...."
"I've been talking to Mycroft a lot lately and he's helped me figure out what I'm going to do with my life."
Greg suddenly felt a rush of sympathy overcome him and went to kneel before Sherlock putting a comforting hand on his knee "Sherlock....he loves you and you love him. I know he made mistakes, some really bad ones even but I know you two are supposed to be together. You need to understand that not everyone is going to leave you. There are people who love you Sherlock."
Siger straightened up "Well I hope not too gently. Now that you engagement is well on the way it's best if we hold your wedding in line with your coronation."
John was going to open his mouth and ask more about Sherlocks children when Sherlocks phone started ringing.
The younger children were happy to be hyped up on sugar but the older children just stared at each other staying on their own sides of the garden in the outdoor venue.
John then took out a condom he always had on his wallet and rolled it on to his cock. Having sex outside of a heat sent and omega into a micro-heat and while they weren't as fertile outside of a heat omegas were practically breeding grounds so best to be safe rather then sorry.
John's face fell as Sherlock tensed. Sargent Smith was then beckoned over by a group of professors. "Anyways, I just wanted to say congratulations John. You'll make a fine army doctor." He then said his goodbyes and walked away.
No one was really speaking to each other, instead everyone picked at their food. John held Sherlock’s hand and smiled “Well, it could be worse. They could be screaming at each other.”
John could cut the tension with a knife. Every step he took towards the bed felt like an eternity. "Sherlock?" John said with a scratchy voice.
Greg laid down the suitcase he was carrying down in anger "We went over this five times! You assured me you were listening!"
The Watson Kids immediately stood in a line and at attention. John got down from the table and looked all his children in the eye “You all should be ashamed of yourselves! We are going to be a family and we need to start acting like it! Jankers for you all!” the Watson children all groaned “We’re leaving!” John went over to Sherlock and picked-up Caleb. “Forward March!”
John stood at the front of the alter with his back turned. Traditionally, Alphas weren't to look at their intended Omega until they were bonded, the tradition had evolved to the Alpha keeping their back turned until the Omega stood beside them.
A small knock was on his door and his Mum poked her head in "John dear. The car is outside ready to take you to the palace. Aren't you up yet?"
Sherlock sighed and started getting ready himself. This pattern kept continuing for three weeks it was like he had no husband, just a roommate who was in and out and it hurt. A lot.
Siger patted his back and gave a smile on his way out. Sherlock released a long shaky breath but looked like he was better afterwards.
Bruce smiled "Well, don't want you getting lazy. Just because you've been in a desert the past three months does not mean you can forget that hard work does a man good!"
Conner stuck his tongue out at his older sister "She wouldn't let me carry the box with the TV in it!"
Charlotte looks at Sherlock surprised. He's the last one she thinks will come to her defence. Although the look of disappointment he has is crushing her and she feel compelled to say something. "I'm sorry Daddy." She says and for the first time in awhile she actually means it.
"Hello ladies." He greeted with a smile on his face. "Thank you all for showing interest in the company. I'm sure you all have had years of training and have come with your heads held high and the encouragements from your teachers and families that you are good enough to be in this company, yes?" The smile he had quickly faded. "I'm here to tell you they're wrong. You are not good enough to be in this company. You have to prove to me you belong here. We only take the best of the best and if that is not you I suggest you hang up your toe shoes after this audition and say goodbye to your little girl dreams of becoming a dancer."
On the way to the airport it was silent and even when they got there they said a few small goodbyes to one another and that was it.
Charlotte and David would be home from school soon and Charlotte promised they would both be there so Sherlock and John could go out for some alone time.
For a bit though Sherlock was almost thankful for the visit today. John and his bonding ceremony was just a mere five days away and as much as he hated the idea of inviting his family, John somewhat insistent. Not surprising as John was such a family man and if memory serves correctly both John and his parents loved each other so it shouldn't be too big of a shock.
"I'm sure our parents wouldn't mind me showing up in the way they sent me away." Sherlock said looking out the window.
Sherlock was interested in the way his husband was reacting "She said that she had been trying to get ahold of you. I think she may be a bit jealous."
John was upstairs in his room talking to Sherlock on the phone. He thought it fair to warn him about what he was getting into.
Sherlock cried harder. The baby was the most ugly, wrinkled thing he had ever seen but he loved his son with a fire hotter then he ever imagined. "A son. We have a son John."
John had looked up as had everyone else to see what had happened but when he looked up he was met with a familiar pair of eyes, eyes he had not seen in years "Sherlock?" He practically whispered.
Sherlock gave a quick look to John and they both shared a small smile "I'm sure. This isn't just about John and I becoming one, it's about all of us becoming a family and I feel Christopher needs to be apart of it. After all he's the one that brought us all together."
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Through his eyes I've learned that nothing is easy and hard work is needed in every aspect of life. He had taught me to look at the bigger picture of things and see where things need to be changed. With his help I plan to continue with the reforming of our laws to pioneer the rights for Omegas everywhere. I will dedicate my life with making sure everyone as equal right whether they be Alpha, Omega, or Beta. We are all apart of one great nation and we will continue to grow together. I thank you for your support and I hope I will make you proud." Sherlock turned to John and looked him in the eye "I also hope you can forgive me, and love me through all my faults when I stumble."
John then turned his back and walked to the counter and Sherlock couldn't help but smile at Johns attitude.
John threw up his hands "You didn't help me either when your mother practically accused me of raping you!"
Thank you so much for reading!! Sorry it took so long to get this up but I'm so greatful to those who read and liked this story. I appreciate each and every one of you and I'm so humbled by all your kind words and encouragements. Thank you so much!
Harry rolled her eyes "I mean come on. He's not nobility and he's not the most dropped dead gorgeous omega. Why him out of all people?"
John felt his heart swell and couldn't help but to smile like an idiot. "Well then, I think you'll have to ask my Da for permission."
Josh swallowed hard "You've been having contractions all morning and didn't bother to say anything?"
Tristan looked at his mum question ally and turned his head to burry his face in his Grandad's neck.
No one talked. Whether it was from the awkwardness of a "commoner" being at the table or the silence bring the norm John just pushed the food around his plate even though it was quite delicious.
'Oh God can I kill myself?' Sherlock thought as another Alpha tried to flatter him by saying his backside was something he wanted to eat cake off of, whatever that meant. He then deduced that the Beta that he was currently shacking up with was using him for his money and was currently pregnant with his brothers baby.
He stopped for a second when he got to Sherlock's stomach. It was still flat and no trace of a pregnancy belly had appeared yet. Worried at why John had stopped Sherlock leaned up a little "Are you okay?"
David wants to get in her face and slap her. "That's not good enough Charlotte! You can't have either or, you have want both of us equally!"
John leaned his head on his broad chest. "Thank you for everything tonight. I'm sorry about....them."
The question was answered for him though when a waiter who hadn't been paying attention accidentally bumped into Sherlock sending the drink he was carrying on a tray crashing to the floor.
Mycroft adjusted himself to stand a bit straighter "Just be glad Mother is much more excepting of John after the baby came. It seems she put aside her anger for the chance of knowing her grandson."
Sherlock crosses his arms and treads lightly still not understanding what his father wants "John helps me keep the place clean."
All the girls were a little older then Charlotte was which meant they had a few more years of training under their belts but she silently vowed she would crush every last one of them. There were only three spots the company had to fill and she would be one of them.
John thought about it for a second and took a deep breath. "Yeah sure. I'll meet them if that's what you want, I mean. When would you like to do it?"
“Pleasure to meet you Caleb.” Sherlock pulled Killian a little closer. “This is Killian, he’s four as well and I’m sure you’ll be fast friends. And this” he gestured to the baby on his hip is Archimedes, he’s 10 months old.”
He walked into his empty class room as the students wouldn't be showing up for another half an hour and John breathed in the silence. He went over to his desk and laid down the briefcase he had been holding and opened it up to take out the syllabus to prepare for his students.
John had forgotten what it was like to feel this happy and giddy. Running after a would be bank robber was not how he thought this night would go but he can't imagine a better way.
A slight blush creeped into Sherlocks face "I could tell you were trying to pick up my scent but I wear a Beta neutraliser out of habit due to my line of work. Sorry."
John was about to rip into his Dad but his Mum put a stop to it. "Zachary stop." Cynthia approached her son and grabbed her keys "Need a ride to the airport?"
Mycroft sighed "I have to go do some damage control over this nonsense. Let's hope they're merciful."
An uncomfortable silence befell all three of them then Siger spoke up "Sherlock, I'd like to apologise for your Mothers behaviour. I want you to know that her and I were both shocked and confused. You barely know this boy. Hiding your pregnancy and then getting married in secret hurt us. All that anger and hurt aside though....I'd like to be apart of your lives."
Before the doors were fully opened Greg entered the room "Your Majesties, his Lordship Mycroft and crowned Prince Sherlock."
For the first time since he stepped into the dorm Sherlock stares directly into John's eyes. "Pregnant."
John walked over and patted the boy on his arm. "Call us if you need us." John nodded towards the door letting Sherlock know it was time to leave before going out the door.
Both his parents stopped what they were doing and stared at thier son. Zachary though didn't let the silence last long "Are you mad?! You are this close to being done with him for good and you're going to go back?"
John was the first to hug her. "Take care of yourself princess. If you need anything, anything at all call us. I love you so much and I'm proud of you."
Sherlock was overcome by the smell of meat and potatoes. The home was very cosy. It reminded him of the summer cottage he used to frequent as a boy with its wicker furniture and its pastel colours. The living room was spacious with a soft couch and pullout chair and a television set in the corner. It was very quaint.
Sherlock put his hands up like he was trying to sooth a wild animal. "I didn't say you were a monster. I just don't want you to get so angry you become irrational and do something you'll regret. We have a baby in the house we can't afford you getting angry like this again. You need to talk to someone."
All he would say was 'it's just an announcement'. Obviously speaking to all of England about their relationship was no big deal but to John it was like opening himself up to ridicule.
John could feel his face get hot but maintained composure "Like you would know what a good lay even is."
When he got there luckily the door they went through to get on the roof was unlocked. Still holding on to the hope it was Sherlock's doing he ran up the steps full speed.
Sherlock's eyes met John's "Nor I you but I can't live like this anymore John. Either you get help or that's it."
The tailor puffed up a little but and the compliment as John walked off to change. When he came back Sherlock was standing with his back to him and arms clasped behind his back. He looked every bit as regal as he ought to all the sudden and John couldn't help but gasp.
Sherlock took in a deep breath "Just look at them Lestrade. All these students hoping to better themselves by studying, thinking the world is theirs when in reality over half of them will end up in mundane jobs and relationships all the while breeding a new generation with the same thoughts and ideas. What it must be like in their funny little brains, it must be so boring."
I roll my eyes as you talk I know someone is trying to whisk you away. You confirm it after you bid the caller farewell and I try my hardest to act like it's alright.
Sherlock pouts but let's go of John who answers the door. When he opens it he's surprised to see Siger Holmes standing on the other side.
Sargent Smith almost looked pitiful for the boy infront of him "Call it a day Watson. You're dismissed."
After some time Mycroft spoke again "I understand that you're upset but I think it would be good for you."
David was starting to get worried about Charlotte. She should have been home by now. He had put Tristan to bed and now was just waiting up for his mate.
John notices Charlotte as she plops down on one of the chairs. "Oh isn't it my favourite little drinker!" He shouts and starts making as much noise as possible.
We walked into the old man's shop and there was nothing. No sign of a struggle, no footprints or finger prints, it seemed our tailor friend did indeed up and vanish.
John smiled back and took his Sargents hand "Thank you sir." John turned towards Sherlock. "Sherlock this is Sargent Smith who was the head of the ROTC program at the university. Sargent Smith this is my husband Sherlock."
It still miffed him, the restrictions on Omegas in England but at the same time the country was at the forefront for Omega rights, in some places Omegas still weren't permitted to attend school so he had to count his blessings. Still, he wanted to fight along side his mates and be permitted to do everything an Alpha could. Unfortunately that wasn't the case.
John laid down the boxes and walked next to Sherlock and put his hand on his shoulder. Sherlock looked up and smiled seeming to be   unaffected by what was happening around him. "Hello husband." He said kissing John's fingers.
John took a deep breath. This was going to be harder then he thought. "Do you remember that omega from the pizza place and last night?"
John smiled “Alright everyone! This is it! John stood next to his children “Attention!” everyone stood straighter and stiffer than before.
John put his head down to look at the floor. "You're different. I actually care about you. I want our first time together to mean something. And although I do care about you I'm just not comfortable with sharing that part of my life with....anyone. Please understand."
Greg encompassed him in an embrace and let Sherlock cry "The baby will never think you're a freak and you know who loves you? I do, your brother does, your family does. You're an amazing person Sherlock. John saw that and I know he still loves you. You need to tell him you still love him too."
Judge Peterson looked too Sherlock "And do you Sherlock Holmes take John Watson to be your lawfully wedded husband. To bond together in sickness and in health. To keep house and home as all Omegas have done before you?"
John realised he wasn't going to get to go back to sleep "Look love, I'm tired and have class. Scotland is my home and where my base is. We have to go back. I'm sorry but that's the end of it. Now please! I beg of you let me sleep." John turned back over and shut his eyes.
John gave his children a reassuring smile. "It's going to be fun. Sherlock is really wonderful." He looked down at the floor in a coy fashion. "I haven't felt this way in a long time."
"At ease solider." Smith said so John could relax. "You are by far the best student I have had in a long time. All your professors are enamoured by you and your internship at St. Barts couldn't have gone better."
"If after that year I still feel this way we'll break our bond and I'll give you full custody of Tristan."
Sherlock peeked over the counter "Um...." Sherlock thought "To be completely honest I've only had fine wines and aged rums before  and I don't know much about any of...this. So I guess your finest ale."
John was about ready to hop over the counter and strangle this nurse. Before he could begin to rip him a new one a familiar voice saved him.
Persephone became hot with rage. “Is it really for your younger brother’s benefit or are you just jealous you don’t have a body to show off like mine?”
John nodded and straightened up, for once he cursed his decision to enlist in the army. He cleared his throat "I wish-"
A few days later Greg was sitting at his desk. For the past few days he had been trying to convince Mycroft to get a hold of John and for the first time in his life Mycroft declined to meddle and go as far as to say Greg should  not get involved. Prat.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes "If our parents disown me then we disown them! John, the baby and I. Thrice disowned! Let's see how they like that!"
"Well he seems like a very nice flat mate Johnny." Zachary said quietly. "Although I'm surprised you let him walk around dressed like that. Shouldn't he a bit more proper?"
Charlotte feels a part of herself feel compassion towards another human. "I didn't know you felt that way...." She says in a small voice.
I know I made a promise to you but I can't help it. She's truly amazing. We're just going to relax and lay low for now.
David could smell the over powering stench of alcohol on her breath. "Let's get you upstairs." The girls from the ballet company left after he gave them a look of anger.
Out of nowhere a paper was thrown on top of the work he was doing. He looked up ready to tell the person off but was silent when he was met with an angry looking Sherlock.
As he finished cleaning up the room smelt of disinfectant. He put all the supplies away had walked over to the cradle and gently ran his fingers along the baby's skin. He lent down and kissed his sweet face. "I will always want you." The baby gave a small sigh in his sleep. "I love you son."
John internally groaned as Sherlock sat next to him. It was almost as if his night mares were coming true.
Sherlock became nervous again. "I....uh....find you appealing John. But I have a country to run.....and you have your medical licence to obtain. No matter how much I care for you, you will eventually leave me."
The woman laughed an airy laugh "I'm so sorry. I'm one of Violet's friends. I have a son here, though lord knows where he went off too. I'm Kathleen." she held out her had.
He was a strong willed, stubborn Alpha born to rule and be alone. Not the strong willed, stubborn Alpha born to rule but with John by his side. Some things were to high a mark.
Meredith smiled as she saw John turn this way and that. "He's going to love it. You look absolutely brilliant."
As if to prove the point the baby gave a particular hard kick that made John smile. "I'll tell you what, why don't you go put on your pyjamas, go lay down in bed and I'll give you a full body massage."
In the next couple of weeks, Sherlock tries everything in his power to make John remember. He shows him pictures of their wedding, makes John read his blog entries, visits Angelo’s and several other of their favourite restaurants with him, and even invites other people to come over and talk to John. It’s boring and tedious, having all these people (especially Mycroft) over that they usually only see every other month, and Sherlock keeps repeating to himself that it’s all for John. But while John’s physical wounds of the accident start to disappear, his psychological state doesn’t change.
“Jesus! Look, Mycroft, there’s been a misunderstanding, I need to talk to Sherlock immediately! Do you know where he is?”
John sighed. “I don’t know, Rosie. It’s quite late already and it’s raining.” He could see Rosie’s shoulders sagging down.
They arrive just in time. John greets the officers he knows from last time, while Sherlock purposefully ignores them. DI Lestrade only nods towards John without so much as a second glance, making John wonder whether he and Sherlock had a little chat about his presence at crime scenes.
After Miller’s descend down the stairs he watches Sherlock from the glass front, his eyes dark and his expression filled with madness and lust. The water keeps rising and rising and Miller’s grin keeps increasing, until Sherlock cannot hold his head up anymore. He takes one last deep breath, still trying to free his hands from the handcuffs.
She seems genuinely happy. I sigh. “Yeah, I know. I’m really getting better,” I say, wishing I could believe it. “Thanks for the call, we should meet soon.”
The knowledge of John’s love for him threatens to overwhelm Sherlock, but then John brings up a hand to his face and that’s all Sherlock can focus on. They kiss and kiss and kiss, and it’s better than Sherlock could have ever imagined.
“John, I really am glad to hear that you’re doing okay. I know the one and a half years weren’t easy for you, so it’s good to know that you’re doing better,” she gives me a slight smile.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to add to that. He’s spared any further questions once he catches sight of a yellow car approaching the opposite side of the road. He gives John a knowing look before he starts to wind his scarf back around his neck. John looks at him, then outside, then at him again.
Sherlock stares into the deep blue eyes he’s seen so many times, the eyes he could still lose himself in. “You are so much more, John.”
“He can’t just vanish.” Sherlock starts pacing the room. “There’s something, something I’m missing. Something that’s staring me in the face,” he murmurs more to himself than to either of them.
Before, it had been easier to ignore his feelings for Sherlock, but now things were different. Now he knew what it felt like to kiss Sherlock. Now he knew that Sherlock most definitely knew about his feelings. Now he had seen a glimpse of the only thing that had been missing in the otherwise perfect, happy little bubble the three of them had created at 221B.
Sherlock smirks, because how could John know that he’s already asked that several times. John gives him one last smile before he leaves for their room, and Sherlock thinks that John might start to see him the way he miraculously started seeing him in 2016.
The man takes a deep breath before replying. “The chances of his recovery are high, although there isn’t a chart to analyse and compare. You see, it’s different with each patient. From our current knowledge I’d say the chances that Dr. Watson will fully recover are at 89%. As for the other 11%, these patients never regain their memory. But, I assure you, we’re far from that point. If your husband still doesn’t remember anything by the end of the year, we could start to consider his state permanent from a medical point of view.”
“Oh I wouldn’t say that.”  He starts shooting out deductions about the man who killed the murderer a couple of minutes ago.
Sherlock makes a humming sound of approval, so I enter. My best friend is sitting on his bed with his knees crossed. His hair is a mess from a (probably sleepless) night and he’s wearing a camel coloured dressing gown. I feel the almost familiar jump in my heart upon seeing him, although I haven’t gotten used to it yet. In front of him there are about twenty different rug samples in different shapes and sizes. He has a pipette filled with dark red liquid in his hand and carefully places a couple of drops onto the carpets.
Fair enough, John thinks. In contrast to Sherlock, however, he knows what a confrontation can do to patients with chronic post-traumatic stress syndrome, so he tries to reassure Henry with the constancy of their presence and protection. Unfortunately, there really seems to be no other option if they want to find whatever’s been causing Henry’s distress for all those years.
“Is this too weird? We can leave if you want, but I’ve been meaning to try this steak for so long. I don’t want to waste the opportunity.”
to stop. During the day he focused all his attention to the mission, but at night he was plagued with the worst kind of dreams – the ones that you know can never come true.
Mike seems to really think about that. It’s nice of him to try and help me, but I don’t think there really is a way for me to stay in London. “I don’t know, get a flatshare or something.” is his next suggestion. Ha. What a great idea, Mike.
After spending the rest of the day watching crap telly and laughing at Sherlock’s deductions of the talk show guests’ private habits, Sherlock gets up from his chair and informs me that we’ll leave at 8 o’clock. While I’m still thinking about what he means by that, my flatmate disappears into his bedroom and closes the door behind him. A look at my watch tells me that it’s already 7:30. So we are going out for dinner after all. Maybe to keep the charade up for Lestrade, although I highly doubt that he’s watching us. Maybe Sherlock just realised he was hungry after inventing the excuse in the first place. Or maybe, just maybe, a tiny voice whispers in the far back of my head, he really just wants to go out for dinner with me.  Just in case my latter assumption proves to be correct, I head up to my room to get changed into something a bit less comfortable and more physically appealing.
Getting the focus off him is a welcoming opportunity. But it’s not the only reason for Sherlock’s implied question. Curiosity is always involved when it comes to John Watson.
When the memories get too much, when I am on the verge of drowning in them, I usually go to bed. I haven’t found a solution yet, but I will. It’s the only thing that keeps me going. I lay down in my bed, feeling cold and as lonely as ever. As soon as I fall asleep, I will have a nightmare. The only consoling thought is that at least I can talk to him in those. I can see him during the day, but I never talk to him and he never talks to me. Sometimes he watches me at work, sometimes he sits at the table with me when I have dinner. But we never talk, I’m not insane. I don’t want to alarm anyone though, so I don’t tell Ella. Somehow I feel that it helps, knowing that he’s watching me. I close my eyes and wait for sleep to take over me. My last thought before drifting off is always the one thought I do not allow myself to have during the day.
Maybe I don’t need a Jeanette in my life, at least not at the moment. It’s not like I’ve been thinking much about her since Christmas, anyway. Things are good the way they are, and having a girlfriend doesn’t really match my current way of life. Of course what she said about Sherlock being my boyfriend was complete nonsense, but I cannot deny that he is the person I want to spend my time with. He’s my friend - my best friend. It’s not unusual for best friends to feel this way about each other.
“John? I’m glad that your date decided to leave,” Sherlock says, interrupting John’s thought process.
“... but I haven’t heard otherwise from you since, so I’m assuming she’s immortal. As for the president, I’ve heard that the last one was some moron who got fired last year, and now there’s this woman in charge from the other party, I needed the information for a case last December.”
“I know you didn’t plan on returning, but London – and every Londoner’s life – is at stake. I thought you might want to take the case yourself,” his brother says.
“No, no, no, Mr. Holmes, you’re not the one allowed to ask questions here. I’d say you should’ve brought your pet. What’s his name again? Dr. Watson, if I remember correctly from the papers. You and your person got yourselves a reputation.”
“You’re silly, Daddy,” Rosie replied laughing. John could see the tiredness in her eyes and checked his watch.
“Because,” Sherlock said, setting his laptop aside, “this is the first evening we’ve had for only the two of us in 138 days.”
“I was contacted two days ago by a certain Mr Bellinger. He told me that a document of great importance was stolen from his dispatch box, which he had kept at home all the time. The document’s content is particularly interesting, it could start another war as it is an injudicious letter from a foreign potentate. As it turns out, Mr Bellinger is the secretary for European affairs and he asked me to help him find the letter. Since no one in his house knows of the dispatch box, I decided to put my homeless network on it. Yesterday evening one of my spies, Davis, was found stabbed to death.”
“It’s okay, John,” Sherlock interrupts with a lump in his throat. “My name is Sherlock. Sherlock Watson. Before we got married, I was Sherlock Holmes.”
“Sherlock?” she asks, but the ringing of the doorbell interrupts her. “Oh, I’d rather get that,” she adds and finally turns her attention away from him.
For a moment, she seems startled. “Oh, no, no. I- I was actually on my way to a friend. Err, anyway John. I’m sorry but I’m quite late already,” she smiles apologetically.
John scans his friend’s body frantically, taking off his own wet shirt to put pressure on Sherlock’s leg. The bleeding stops after a couple of seconds – luckily the bullet isn’t inside the flesh anymore. Apart from the leg wound, Sherlock’s got red wrists and feet where the cuffs are still rubbing against his white skin – nothing a bit of healing salve can’t fix. John relaxes a bit. He can’t help anger rushing past the relief of seeing Sherlock alive.
“I work here,” John says gesturing towards the building behind them. It really shouldn’t bother him that Sherlock doesn’t know where he works, but for some reason it does.
The steak is delicious, and John enjoys himself more than he likes to admit. Spending time with Sherlock is natural. He doesn’t have to pretend to be someone else; or only show his best side. Sherlock is the only person who truly knows him – his good and his bad side. And, more importantly, who likes him in spite of it.
“Right, this should do it,” John says before stopping abruptly. Sherlock can see his eyes widening and one of his brows furrowing upwards as John stares from him to Miss Adler and back.
The beeping sound of my alarm wakes me up. I had another dreamless night. They have become more frequent, lately, and I don’t know whether I’m happy or sad about it. On the one hand, sleeping through the night without waking up panting is a relief. On the other hand, it means that I can no longer talk to Sherlock. I still see him, but only a few times a week. He still never speaks to me, though, and I am afraid of forgetting the sound of his deep voice. I get up and ruffle my hands through my hair. It’s quite early to start thinking about Sherlock, and I briefly fear that I might fall back into old habits. But then again maybe today is an exception.
Sherlock, wiping a tear from his eye (can he actually cry on command?!) replies, “People don’t like telling you things, but they love to contradict you. Past tense, did you notice? I referred to her husband in the past tense. She joined in – bit premature, they’ve only just found the car.”
“It’s Greg. And he’s not my best friend.” I reply with a tender voice. Somehow knowing that Sherlock doesn’t think he could be my best friend is touching.
They went upstairs together but Rosie insisted on Sherlock going first. He didn’t even have time to wonder about that when he opened the door that led outside and saw John. His stomach dropped to the floor upon the sight. John was standing on the blue blanket they had spent so many evenings on, surrounded by two dozen candles. The look in his eyes spoke of promise, of hope.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock.” John tilts his head forward and places a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “Let me make the breakfast for once.”
“I know. But there’s one thing I want you to remember, dear. A bond between souls is ancient, older than the planet. It dissolves the difference between the person we want to be with and the person we are meant to be with and unites them in one.” Mrs. Hudson looks at him expectantly.
“Well, it makes sense, I guess.” Mary shrugs. At least I’m not the only one in this house who hasn’t got a clue. I think back to what Sherlock said when we first found out about the baby.
“Yeah, ‘course you are. ‘Course, you’re my best friend.” I smile at him. He should know that and never doubt it again. Sherlock slowly picks up the mug without looking away and takes a sip from the tea.
“Yeah,” I say, looking at the sheer endless cribs in front of me. I touch a white one that I think looks nice and look up at the girl. Her ponytail swings behind her head. She can’t be older than 20.
“No, that’s not what I meant –“ Sherlock starts desperately. This conversation has taken quite a different path than he anticipated.
Sherlock and John sit next to each other on the train. It’s almost empty on a Monday noon. Sherlock looks out of the window and thinks about the case. It wasn’t the best one they’ve had, the solution was in fact quite boring and simple. But he can’t help but think that this case changed something momentous for him. He looks down at his hand lying close to John’s and wants nothing more but to take it. He carefully joins their fingers together and finds John looking up in surprise.
“Thank you, Sherlock. I was afraid to ask you for it, and I’m glad I have it back. It’s the perfect gift.” He looks up at Sherlock and smiles.
Even though the cab was a false lead, John enjoyed the thrill of the chase, the adrenaline rushing through his veins again after so many years. How is it even possible to feel so comfortable around someone you’ve only known for a day? John tries to think back to the day he met Mary, but it was all fussy for him then. He isn’t even sure he remembers everything correctly.
“You really don’t know him very well, do you?” I ask sarcastically. Sherlock being polite. What an idea.
“It’s okay, John. You don’t have to cry.” He pats me on the shoulder and starts to stroke my arm with his hand. I feel that his touch helps to sooth me. “Look, the hound is already here.”
Panic rises up in Sherlock. Up until now, everything involving The Work has always been fun for him, even the danger. He gladly accepted the fights, the broken noses and the loaded guns; he even enjoyed the threat to his life. It was the legal way of getting high without going through the trouble of having to purchase cocaine first. But that was before John. Or rather, before one of said guns was directed at John.
