They melt into the kiss, Sherlock’s long fingers threading through John’s hair as John’s hands wander down to Sherlock’s backside, cupping and squeezing, seemingly unable to move his hands away for long.
“I am very aware of that, Sherlock. There’s nothing childish about curiosity; besides, what’s wrong with acting a little ‘childish’ from time to time?”  John continues to smile, his gaze even as he coaxes Sherlock along the path.
The ride back to the hotel is companionable and Sherlock uses the opportunity to update John on his discoveries.
“I think it’s time for us to get out, my wrinkles are in danger of getting wrinkles and I think I’m starting to turn blue!” John jokes as he raises himself to standing and steps, rather awkwardly, on to the awaiting fluffy bath mat.
"Probably." Sherlock grins crookedly at John, his head ducked down so that he looks at John through his overly long fringe. "But I'm not sure I would have enjoyed it quite so much."
John's eyes glittered with sudden mirth and he couldn't stop the affection he felt colouring his voice. "You really are an idiot Sherlock." John raised a hand to stop the inevitable protest from Sherlock. "Yes, you are. Mary and I are not getting married, now or ever. She is a dear friend, but she is not my girlfriend, or my fiancée and she will never be my wife." John paused, his voice now serious, deeper to even his own ears, gaze intent on Sherlock. "Do you understand Sherlock? I'm not getting married.  I'm going to be here, with you."
Feeling both emotionally and physically exhausted Sherlock rests his head on his forearms, leaving his hand lightly atop John’s.  He allows himself to sleep, secure in the knowledge that John is safe and receiving the care he needs.  Sherlock wakes an hour or so later when Lestrade pops in and says a few quiet words to John, before leaving to finally go home.  Before Sherlock drifts back to sleep once again Mycroft visits to say he is leaving but that he has stationed undercover agents throughout the hospital and that Mary remains under surveillance.
For the first time since waking up John’s attention is drawn towards Mary.  His brow crinkles into a frown as he studies her but he soon looks away, dismissing her as unimportant, his focus firmly back on Sherlock. John is smiling again, his eyelids heavy, giving him the look of the mildly inebriated. Once again Sherlock is unable to keep an affectionate smile from drifting across his face.
Pausing mid step he stared at what he had typed. Idiot, bloody useless, lovesick idiot! Biting his lower lip to stop the tears he could feel prickling the back of his eyes he quickly deleted the message.
"I never delete anything important, John." Sherlock's hands are folded beneath his chin, the weight of his head resting gently on them. His gaze is still locked on John and John leans even further in towards Sherlock.
Sherlock felt the need flame into his stomach and took a sudden step back from John.  Tearing his eyes away from John he fixed his focus on the fireplace.  He needed to distance himself from him, needed to clear the fog of desire away so he could think clearly.  Act rationally, not do anything to damage his friendship with John. John. His John. Sherlock slowly ran his hands over his face before running them through his hair, the everyday motions helping to ground him.
Anderson ignores the comment and continues. "She appeared intelligent enough but only spoke when she felt something really needed to be said.  Mostly she just listened and, I suppose, people watched."
"And a day, John.  And a day."  Sherlock's smile is genuine, warm and slightly crooked.  His face is filled with laughter lines, simultaneously ageing him and making him look younger, more carefree.
So this is the last chapter to receive the tender touch of LockedinJohnlock! I can't believe how dedicated this lovely lady has been! And on top of doing this for me, she has supported me and been an OUTSTANDING Beta on my forthcoming story, she is worth her weight in gold, precious gems and cakes!
"Secrets? Why would I try to do that, Sherlock? You deduce anything I might try to hide."  John trails his fingertips along Sherlock's cheekbone, before letting them drift along his jaw, enjoying the sensation of fine stubble under his fingertips.
Thank you for all the lovely comments on the last chapter! They truly made my day (week!). I really love getting feedback and was biting my nails over how quiet the other chapter comment boxes had been... So, phew!
“John?” Sherlock mumbles and presses his face more firmly into John’s palm.  Finally he believes what all his senses are shouting at him, John is here, Sherlock is safe, he can go home.  Sherlock is just beginning to allow himself to relax when a loud shout breaks through his reverie.
Mycroft quirks an incredulous eyebrow, viciously repressing a sigh, before continuing on in his methodical manner.
As much as Sherlock wants to say something cutting to Mycroft, maybe comment on his (non-existent)  weight gain or point out precisely what he was doing that took so long whilst saying goodbye to Lestrade, he knows his brother is right and merely nods his head in acceptance.
Sherlock lifts away from John, quick eyes study their position before he reaches for the spare pillow on the bed, John raises his hips allowing Sherlock to tuck the pillow underneath.
"I..... I need you to say it."  Sherlock's words are so softly spoken he is unsure whether John will have heard them.
"It's fine, Sherlock. Just...." John pants, swiping his lips with his tongue. ".....Just don't do it again, hey?" He manages a weak smile before resting his weight against Sherlock.
Sherlock wakes in the middle of the night. The light of the full moon illuminates his room and the quietly slumbering form of his lover.
“Yeah.  I mean she was pretty, I guess, and an attentive listener..”  John trails off, aware of how stupid the next part is going to sound.
Long moments pass - the night air filled only with the sound of strong, soft lips gliding against plush, full ones - before John is able to withdraw himself from Sherlock. He nods, a firm little gesture, signifying that a decision has been made.
“Thanks, but no thanks.”  Gethin reaches for the small case of medical supplies he had brought with him and moves to sit next to Sherlock.  “Now, if you don't mind, Mr Holmes, I need to change your dressing.”
“Yeah, it’s been great.  Very refreshing.”  He takes a deep breath before continuing.  “We’ve got a lot to tell you…” He breaks off when Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, pressing an affectionate kiss to John’s cheek before moving the spare chair closer, sliding his arm over John’s shoulders and smiling at Mrs Hudson.
“Once I found them again I thought perhaps my feelings had changed, but they hadn’t.  They really hadn’t; but I was too angry to do anything about it, too busy feeling betrayed.”  John shakes his head, Sherlock moves his hand to the small of John’s back, his palm warm and reassuring and he feels John relax a little.  “And then there was Mary, dear
Mrs Hudson takes a few seconds to study the figure further before stepping to the side, allowing access to her home.
John shares stories about his time in the army.  He describes the beauty of the stars at night, about how, even when the fighting ceased, it was never truly quiet, the sounds of life still continuing around him and how comforting that had been, how he never felt truly alone out there.  Then he talks about getting shot.  How he'd been tending to a casualty and the shot had taken him utterly unawares.  How he'd been unable to get treatment for hours and how infection had taken hold.  He glosses over his time in hospital, his fight for life, only tightening his grip on Sherlock's hand.  He then describes how alone he felt when he returned to England, how he wasn't sure how he was going to carry on and how all that had changed upon meeting a mad genius in need of a flatmate and, as it turned out, a friend.
“Mrs ‘Udson? Sorry to disturb you so late but Mr ‘Olmes said if I ever needed ‘elp I should come ‘ere. I saw your light were on and ‘is weren’t and I didn’t wanna bovver ‘im.  I know ‘e’s been through the ringer lately but I’m too nervous to go back out there tonight, ‘e said I could always find shelter through ‘im and I didn’t know where else to go.”
“That was bloody amazing, I have no clue if we will ever top that but damn I’m looking forward to trying!”
"That tickles." John's voice is still thick with sleep but Sherlock can detect no unhappiness from John at his early awakening. "Come back up here and tell me what you were deducing."
John is sprawled beneath him, naked and wanting but smiling up at Sherlock; trusting and ready. The image is enough to vanquish Sherlock’s impulse to take and his breathing eases out and the shaking begins to subside.
I want to thank every one who has stuck with me throughout this story and to welcome those who have found it since.  I really hope you enjoy this story as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
John’s smile has vanished without a trace but his grip is tight, almost to the point of pain, on Sherlock’s hand.
John strokes the edge of Sherlock’s pillow before folding his hands together on the edge of the low bed.
“I do, John.”  Sherlock answers earnestly, his handsome face unusually open.  “I love you.  I’d never be able to consider something like this otherwise.”  He searches John’s face, pressing a brief kiss to his lips before continuing to talk.  “ But I need to be the one setting the pace at this point in our relationship and I have no clue what that pace will be in advance……”  John nods in response, waiting for Sherlock to continue. “But rest assured I am interested, very interested, in exploring a sexual relationship with you.
There are so many songs that make me think of these two but James Blunt seems to be the artist of choice, his songs can reduce me to tears or make me dance around the house.  His concerts are awesome and should not be missed!
Back in their flat John rapidly plates up, only fully realising at that moment that he had ordered a selection of delicately scented Thai dishes. His taste-buds water and his stomach gurgles in approval, reminding him of the very human need for sustenance. Pain relief is also required for Sherlock; even though he has been coping with his pain so much better today John is taking no chances on setting Sherlock's healing back. Within moments he has two plates of take-away ready and he calls Sherlock in to the kitchen to eat. The table remains free of Sherlock's scientific equipment and John decides to make use of that rare opportunity whilst he can. He digs around in one of their many junk drawers until he locates some old but ornately decorated chopsticks for them both and a pair of mismatched napkins. By the time Sherlock arrives at the table John has decided to allow them both half a glass of wine, deciding that the delivery of his health results and Anderson's information is cause for celebration. On a whim John also adds a candle to their table and enjoys the way it tints the early evening light that is starting to filter in.
"Some of that is very easily done. We can annul the wedding immediately if you wish; it will be as if it never existed. She married you under a false name without your knowledge. Unfortunately, we need to be playing the rather longer game here. I need you to act as if you forgive her; we need to draw out her contacts and colleagues. She has still been active during your relationship and I'm afraid I find the timing of her relationship with you to be highly suspicious."
John's rushed words had hurt Sherlock to the core, his heart starting to shatter. He had lied to John, saying that it wasn't important, not to worry, that he understood, that of course he would delete it - and all the time his soul had cried out silently in pain.
“The readout is shared from here to the nurses’ station, where we have people permanently monitoring it.” Her attention remains on John even as she talks with Sherlock. “You also have a window in this room. Rest assured, Mr Holmes, we are aware of Doctor Watson’s condition at all times. Mrs Watson has also been informed that her husband is awake.”
“Might as well let him listen, he’ll find out somehow anyway.  Couldn’t keep the great Sherlock Holmes from sticking his nose in where it doesn’t belong even if we tried.”  Mary remarks bitterly.
Sherlock parts his lips, encouraging John to do the same and the kiss deepens, John now risks bringing his hands up to rest on Sherlock’s waist, his fingers pressing in.
“Hello, sweetheart.  You two look like you’ve been having fun!”  John grins, happy to see his little girl so joyful.
Strength escapes him at last and he falls to the ground, his descent only being slowed by a pair of strong arms about his waist.
“I know love, I know.” John sounds just as overwhelmed as Sherlock feels. Sherlock briefly opens his eyes and the sight of John, flushed and wanting, causes him to react instinctively. A large hand clasps around the back of John's neck, drawing him up into a kiss. Sherlock puts every piece of his considerable knowledge and experience into the kiss, from the way he moves his lips to the way his tongue plays alongside John's. Before long John is whimpering under his administrations, hands flexing on Sherlock's hips as he melts into the kiss. Sherlock smiles against John's lips and deepens the kiss further, a hand drifting into John's hair, long fingers sliding between the tresses, entwining themselves in the length.
Sherlock wakes in the middle of the night. The light of the full moon illuminates his room and the quietly slumbering form of his lover. Lover. Sherlock is still stunned at how rapidly things had progressed last night. He'd meant only to tease John, to explore his body whilst they showered, perhaps to bring John to climax whilst watching every nuance of that beloved, expressive face. Instead his hormones and instincts had taken over and, surprisingly, he'd relished every second of it. His barriers had come down with a resounding crash and Sherlock had been brought to what, if he had been a more pious man, could have been the very edge of heaven at John's hands, hands that were surprisingly soft and nimble, hands that represented both strength and tenderness; that delivered lethal force and loving delicacy with equal skill.
Sherlock doesn’t allow himself to follow the train of thought of what he hopes he and John might become with no psychotic consulting criminals or ex-assassin wives to interfere - that way lies a different sort of danger, an insidious sort of hope that could kill him more effectively than any fall.
“I really can’t be bothered to get dressed and go down to dinner, we should order room service again.”  John suggests, relaxing comfortably on their bed; unembarrassed that they had called Housekeeping for a change of sheets that was done whilst they showered.
John is pushed, almost roughly, against the wall before Sherlock backs away, pacing for what seems like an eternity to an anxious John.
Sherlock uses the time spent waiting for their appetisers to deduce more of the other diners but he still can’t help feeling that he is missing something vital.  The few people he recognises from Mycroft’s file would appear to have nothing in common, no shared interest to draw them to this weekend’s meeting.  If he hadn’t been told by Mycroft that a highly important meeting was taking place at the hotel this weekend he would have written them off as holiday makers taking advantage of the unusually mild spring weather and the, no doubt, cheaper off-season rates.
"Inspector, I need you to suppress your instinct to arrest Mary and sit down and listen. Mary will be dealt with in the appropriate manner when the time is right, trust me, Gregory." Mycroft slowly guides Greg back to his seat, remaining close by as he settles himself. When he sits back down, Mycroft angles his chair to subtly face Greg, using his body language to make Greg feel more at ease, included.
Sherlock is already awake and idly tapping away on his laptop; John has no idea when Sherlock brought it through to the bedroom but is grateful to see Sherlock awake and alert. A visual check confirms that Sherlock is still pale, even by his normal standards but that the deep purple-grey beneath his eyes is starting to diminish. John notes that Sherlock is perhaps still a little thin in the face but knows that Sherlock will soon regain the lost weight, Mrs Hudson's numerous gifts of food ensuring it. He knows, through very thorough investigation, that Sherlock is very fit, the bullet wound continuing to heal well. The thought of last night's activities brings a smile to John's face that is answered by one of Sherlock's when he looks up from his laptop.
"Sherlock, I......." His words are taken from his mouth as soft, full, lips cover his own, their touch sublime. John angles his body to deepen the kiss, turning so that their chests are almost touching, bare skin to bare skin. The kiss is slow and deep, each sweep of Sherlock's tongue against his, making John feel euphoric. It seems amazing that he has survived all this time without the touch of this man against him. He feels Sherlock shift and moans in discontent when the kiss breaks, leaning forward, trying to recapture it.
Rosie rests her head on Mrs. Hudson’s chest , clutching her cuddly bee tightly to her body. “Daddy home soon?”
The sound of the lock sliding into place on the flat door had released a smile from Sherlock.  A smile he could feel reaching his eyes, stretching his lips and filling his heart. A smile he knew he had never had before he met John and that he only used for John. His heart's smile. Sherlock had been unable to stop the smile that now covered his face and truthfully he had stopped trying to hide it. The first time he had smiled like that he had shocked himself, he had worked for so many years to keep his 'softer' emotions at bay and then John, his John, had appeared in the doorway of St Barts and slowly, almost without him realising it, Sherlock's previously locked away emotions had started to surface.  Now, nearly half a decade later, it was still only John who received that smile.
"I guess that would depend on whose traditions I'm following; the Ancient Greeks didn't seem to have a problem with it."  John is still smiling over at Sherlock, his eyes twinkling.
Greg remains at Mycroft’s side but John settles on the empty bed, his hands clasped tightly in his lap, his lips pursed.  Sherlock is positioned just out of reach but he is minutely aware of every breath that John takes.
"Mycroft had received Intel that Moriarty, or at least someone acting on his behalf, was setting up operations in Rome."
"I'm sorry John, but I have to ask this. Is there any chance that, if she is pregnant, the baby isn't yours?"
“Sherlock. Can you stay?” John unknowingly echoes his earlier request. Sherlock nods and returns to his chair, leaning forward, his linked hands between his knees in an effort to stop him reaching out for John.
“Ah.  It’s going to be that sort of conversation.”  He keeps his face tilted up a second longer, before turning to look at John, his hands loosely clasped in his lap.
“That’s fine.  Mr Holmes and I are going to accompany Sherlock to John’s ward, make sure he gets there in one piece.  I’ll let Mary know we’re here and keeping an eye on her too, just in case she should need us.”  Only Lestrade and the Holmes brothers understand the implicit threat behind those words.  That he will be watching her every move and if she steps even one inch out of line then Lestrade will be on her like a ton of bricks, with charges of fraud and attempted murder, amongst others, levelled upon her.
"John? I know about Mary ....... that she shot Sherlock." Mrs Hudson continues to stir the gravy that is just starting to simmer on the cooker top. "Mr Holmes and that nice Detective Inspector came and told me a few days ago. They offered to pay for me to go and stay at my sister's until all the dust settles." She shakes her head before turning her head to look at John, her kindly face creased with concern and worry. "I told them no." She removes the gravy from the heat and goes to sit opposite John at her small kitchen table. Reaching out, she holds his clasped hands between her own. "I'm not leaving my boys when they need me the most."
The silence draws out too long, the quiet becoming uncomfortable.  Sherlock still struggles for what he wants to say, what he
Sherlock tries to keep the fake affronted look on his face but soon joins in with John’s heartfelt laughter, ridiculously pleased that he has managed to make John laugh despite everything.
"That was amazing, fireworks most definitely happened!" He finally breathed out. "I feel like I'm melting, every muscle is relaxed."
As always, my heartfelt thanks go out to my Beta, Lockedinjohnlock, her comma taming continues! (Also, if you see a particularly good turn of phrase or word choice, it's probably hers!)
The new angle increases the depth and intensity of Sherlock’s movements and soon both men are lost in the sensations, moans and deep sighs punctuate the air, accompanied only by the sound of bed springs.
The hotel building itself is large, obviously the legacy of some wealthy landowner; the soft cream paint of its facade glowing warmly in the spring sunlight, various climbing plants just coming in to bud on their trellises. The driveway is well tended, no rogue weeds grow in amongst its golden stones and the large gardens appear equally well maintained.  Everywhere there are signs of life to be seen: fat bees buzz drowsily around them as they exit the car.  John watches on, amused, when Sherlock’s face lights up at the sight of them.  Yellow daffodils dance in the gentle breeze and the scent of hyacinths fills the air; all in all, John feels, this is an idyllic spot for a romantic getaway.  John fetches their luggage with a light heart and a smile on his face.
“You can continue in our room.” Sherlock answers. “We can unpack our stuff then you can sleep a bit more whilst I go back over the minimal information Mycroft gave me.”
"I'm pretty sure that counted as athletic sex, a definite no-no." John somehow manages to show deep concern whilst simultaneously looking very smug. Sherlock is entranced at how many emotions can show at one time on this man's beloved face.
"Thank you, Phillip." Sherlock pops the final p as he takes Anderson by the shoulders and carefully, but no less forthrightly, guides him out of the flat.  "Your file, against all my expectations, has been very informative." Sherlock starts to close the door but Anderson pushes it back open, protesting that he isn't ready to go and wants to know what is actually happening.  Sherlock fixes another grimace-come-smile on his features and firmly removes Anderson's hand from the door.  "Most helpful. Don't let me keep you.  Goodbye." This time the door closes with a decisive click.  The sound of muttering accompanies the thud of footsteps as Anderson clomps down the stairs.  Neither John nor Sherlock move until the door to the street slams shut, moving to the window as one to observe as Anderson walks away.
John gently chides but silently agrees that Lestrade’s place leaves much to be desired, a result of too little time to spend in a place that John knows Greg doesn’t think of as a home - merely a place to lay his head for a few hours before returning to the often long and demanding hours of his job.
A half smile pulled at Sherlock's full lips, softening his features. He had always been happiest when actively involved in something, either physically or mentally.  Having John running at his side, his muscular hand clasped in his own larger hand had been exhilarating and was an image to which he kept returning during his years away.
Sherlock awakens with the clatter of the food trolley, surprised to see John already up and dressed, reading a newspaper. They eat in relative silence, the quiet only broken by John enquiring if he'd slept well and how Sherlock is feeling. A quick glance over at his morphine drip confirms that it is almost on its lowest setting and Sherlock vows to try and turn it down more before the day is out.
Their Ferienhaus is a beautiful stone cottage, ten kilometres outside of Hardegg. The small path and parking area is completely surrounded by trees, rendering the little dwelling very secluded and peaceful. John is struck by the beauty of the place; as much as he loves the hustle and bustle of city life, he could get used to a country escape very quickly. He's not sure how Sherlock would feel about so much peace and tranquility, but he's relatively certain he could find something for Sherlock to do to keep him occupied. Some of the many occupations that he could provide Sherlock with suddenly flood his mind and he stops mid-step on the way into the house.
John swallows and fervently prays that this conversation is going in the direction that it seems to be. He bites back the obvious question, choosing instead to extend this moment between them.
“Honestly, I don't give a damn who catches us snogging but I’d like to take this further than kissing.”
"Mycroft." Sherlock stepped back from the door, allowing his brother access to the flat.  "I told you previously that your presence is unnecessary here.  Whatever more you have to say I'm not interested." Sherlock's face was once again devoid of any softer emotions, blue eyes almost supernaturally pale and icy, his features harsh.
"Pushy bugger." John chuckles as he allows himself to be pushed down.  Contrary until the last moment, John refuses to go quickly, smoothing kisses over every inch of skin he passes, lingering to suck and lave at Sherlock's nipples.  Sherlock arches into the sensation, grabbing the back of John's head, encouraging him to continue in his ministrations.  John nips the small nub between his teeth before sealing his lips around it and sucking, gradually increasing the pressure.  He closes his eyes in bliss when Sherlock groans and tugs lightly on his hair.  John lingers before sliding across to the other side.  He can hear Sherlock gasping for air above him; feel his body writhing in pleasure.
“I look forward to it.” John responds, his voice husky, shivering slightly under Sherlock’s scrutiny. He clears his throat, before purposely changing the direction of the conversation to something more suitable to a public dining area.  “I’m going to start with the cream of tomato soup, then I’m thinking either the vegetarian cottage pie or the vegetable lasagna.”
“Help yourself, Sherlock.” John gestures at the food before spreading some pâté on one of the sourdough toasts.
Sherlock unlocks the bathroom door and hustles John inside the room, locking the door behind him. They both reach to undo John's jeans, Sherlock managing the task first, gently pushing the material of jeans and underwear down to expose John's cock to the air.
"Sherlock?" The calm softness to his voice surprises John, inside he is in turmoil. In the past he has been the master of the subtle play, waiting until he saw a definite sign of interest before making his move; now he is doubting whether Sherlock meant anything beyond the fact that they are friends. Best friends. Gripping Sherlock's hand more firmly, he speaks again. "Sherlock?" He waits until Sherlock raises his eyes to meet his own steady gaze. "
Sherlock nods again. "A summer romance between his parents apparently." He winces and rubs at his arm again.
"As you wish, John." Sherlock's voice is deep and intimate, encouraging John to move in even closer.
I'm a bit of a John, I love listening to classical music but I don't really have the skills to explain the intricacies, only my reactions.
“Tonight, with the rest arriving in the morning.  Odd timing, in my opinion.”  John smiles down at what remains of his goat’s cheese and walnut salad, fully aware that Sherlock has no need to fact-check with him but appreciating the effort.
They wake hours later as a chill begins to creep into the room. Regretfully they untangle from each other and stumble the short distance to the bed, neither fully awakening. Once there they wrap the duvet around them and, much to John's tired delight, Sherlock resumes the position he had been sleeping in, head resting against John's chest, right arm and leg sprawled carelessly across him. Sherlock is asleep again within seconds and John smiles contentedly before joining him.
John allowed himself to be moved through the steps, feeling his body gently guided as he automatically responded to the instructions. Their timing was still not matching the music but he could now visualise how it would work, his mind drifting as he enjoyed the sensation of being held close to Sherlock.
There's a moment of silence as both men savour the knowledge that they will finally be there for the other one, come what may. Sherlock reaches for John's hands again, unwilling to have even the smallest of distance between them.
"Oh fuck Sherlock. The sight of you on your knees, the things it does to me. " John was battling to keep some control over his body, willing himself not to come, but the sight of Sherlock naked at his feet, his tongue running along that plump lower lip was almost too much.
Mary; I decided to settle for a life less remarkable.”  He laughs, the sound bittersweet and Sherlock smooths his palm along John’s back, wishing he knew the correct way to comfort him.
It takes Sherlock a long moment to realise that the question is directed at him and not Lady Smallwood, he accepts John’s proffered hand wordlessly, confused as to what is happening.
For a while they watch the stars, stealing kisses whenever the mood takes them, the appearance of a sudden meteor shower holding them both entranced.
With what seems like almost superhuman effort Sherlock halts the exploratory march of his fingers. “I had a wild youth and have been celibate since I turned twenty.
"So it is. Answer my question, Sherlock; I need to hear the words.  Do you trust me?"   Sherlock briefly touches his forehead to John's, the simple touch grounding him again, completing him.
The walk to the front desk takes them less than a minute.  Sherlock spends the time studying the other people in the foyer intently, pale eyes narrowed, full lips pursed.  He is aware that they have arrived at the desk but his focus is solely on the other guests, fact files on each of them spilling straight into his mind.  He is subliminally aware of the man behind the counter - shorter than average height, slightly built, ginger wavy hair, freckles and wide, if waning, smile - but dismisses him as unimportant, having not been featured in any of Mycroft’s files.  A gentle pull on his hand alerts Sherlock to the fact that his attention is needed elsewhere.
John briefly ponders this contradiction, then accepts the fact that this is Sherlock, and Sherlock is nothing, if not unique.  He returns the smile, lost in the sparkling depths of Sherlock's eyes, watching as they darken and his gaze becomes more heated.  John allows a small sigh to escape him when he feels a warm, large hand on the nape of his neck, caressing the exposed skin above his collar as the other hand tilts his chin gently back.  John is mesmerised as Sherlock's face edges closer, slowly, seductively.  Sherlock stops only when there is the merest breath of room between them.  John's lips tingle in anticipation, he only needs to move slightly to close the gap but he doesn't, instead he allows his eyes to slide closed and his lips to part.  They stay breathing each other in for what feels like an eternity, each stuttered breath making their hearts pound faster, ratcheting the tension up further.
“For years.”  Sherlock repeats, stepping back and taking John’s hand to guide him off the dance floor.  “How about we forget the coffee and take a stroll in the gardens instead?”
"As you should John." Sherlock pulls John closer to him, leaning slightly forward to whisper in his ear. "I assure you, you won't be disappointed." He drifts his lips lightly over the sensitive skin near John's ear, smiling at the resulting shiver. "And perhaps then you can share your 'expertise' with me?" He allows his lips to linger over John's earlobe then presses little nipping kisses along John's jawline before resting his lips against John's, only the merest hint of a kiss apparent. He leans back into his pillow and watches John as the goosebumps on his neck slowly vanish and when John opens his eyes he looks slightly dazed.
“Mrs ‘Udson? Sorry to disturb you so late but Mr ‘Olmes said if I ever needed ‘elp I should come ‘ere. I saw your light were on and ‘is weren’t and I didn’t wanna bovver ‘im.  I know ‘e’s been through the ringer lately but I’m too nervous to go back out there tonight, ‘e said I could always find shelter through ‘im and I didn’t know where else to go.”
Sherlock briefly smiles at the hat reference and the amusement in John's voice. He looks at John, pride briefly clear on his face. John feels a rush of warmth and love for the man before him. Sherlock is
“No.  It’s fine.  We’re friends; friends talk about these sort of things.  Or so I've been led to believe.”
He’d put his jealousy down to the fact that he wasn’t getting to see so much of Mary; he understands now that he was jealous of his time with Sherlock being disrupted - being shared.
Despite his nausea, Sherlock manages a quick nod and tries to quell his rising anxiety. He is in a secluded room, in what appears to be a private hospital; Mycroft's doing he supposes. John is only at the nurses' station (he can even hear John's reassuring tones drifting back into the room) and yet he can't shake the feeling that he is in danger, being watched, maybe.
"Of course Sherlock. Whatever you think is best." John tried to keep his voice calm, but he could hear the warmth in it. His thoughts in brief turmoil as to whether he wanted Sherlock to notice, and question, his agitation or not.
Determined to make Sherlock utterly come apart in his mouth, John employs his tongue and cheeks to full effect. Firm, broad strokes along Sherlock's cock intermingled with teasing flicks and swirls soon have Sherlock making very vocal sounds of approval. Slow but deep sucks cause Sherlock to alternate between stillness and thrusting further into John's mouth, fingers tight in John's hair. Sherlock's eagerness and sensitivity drive John on further, desperate to continue wringing such reactions from Sherlock. John's cock throbs and he thrusts it against the cool bedclothes, unwilling to divide his attention between his own cock and Sherlock's. The friction against his neglected cock pulls a low groan from John, the sound muffled around Sherlock's penis. Sherlock trembles suddenly, his hand tightening in John's hair, cock swelling against John's tongue. John hums his own approval against the sensitive skin cradled within his mouth, riding the sudden bucking of Sherlock's hips, encouraging the movement further with his hands slipped beneath Sherlock's backside; strong hands gripping firm arse-cheeks. A final surge and John's mouth fills with hot, salty liquid; John swallows and swallows, relishing the flood in his mouth but gentling his hold on Sherlock. Sherlock pulses weakly once, twice more before relaxing completely onto the bed, sweat glistening on his lithely muscled body. John allows Sherlock's cock to slide from between his lips before giving it a tender lick and a loving kiss.
“Now, that’s a view I could very much get used to.” Sherlock’s smirk broadens into a full smile when John colours and takes a playful swipe at him with a towel.
"The outside of the wound is healed over, John. The bandage is more to provide padding whilst the inner layers heal than to prevent germs from entering. Must you wear the gloves?"
“Least they could do considering they let a mad woman slip through their grasp.”  John mutters, his fingers digging deep into his skin.
Lestrade settles into one of the visitor’s chairs, pulling his coat over him to serve as a makeshift blanket.  He is used to grabbing a few moments sleep here and there during arduous cases and can now sleep virtually anywhere he chooses.  Within minutes Lestrade is dozing, his chin resting on his chest, body slumped and legs crossed at the ankle as they stretch away from him.
“How can you know what is happening?” Sherlock demands, fighting to keep his voice level so as not to disturb John.
For once Sherlock's eloquence fails him and his features speak for him. Eyes soft in a way that he's previously only allowed to show when he knew John wasn't looking. All his longing laid bare and clear for John to finally see, his clear blue-green eyes shimmering with the depth of his emotions.
John waits to feel something about the small image on his screen. In all likelihood he has a daughter on the way, this little black and white blob could share his DNA, could conceivably be part of his life, for the rest of his life. But he feels nothing. No surge of love. No disappointment. Absolutely nothing and he knows that he should be finding that reaction worrying.
"John." John pries his eyes open and looks at the man beneath him. Sherlock looks shattered, eyes bright and wide, hair even more disorganised than it was after his own orgasm; evidence at where he has been frantically rocking his head against the pillow. His hands still clutch at John's backside but the grip is less hard but still firm, breath ragged.
"You've done very well! I didn't want .... Didn't expect you to get it so quickly." Sherlock knew the words came out too quickly, hoping their speed would have covered his initial word choice. Of course he didn't want John learning too quickly, he needed John to realise he was meant to be with him, not Mary.
A sigh of relief escapes John's lips as Sherlock takes him back into his mouth.  Hot wetness surrounds him and John allows his head to fall back against the door.  His eyes slide shut and he surrenders himself to the sensation, the gentle twirl of Sherlock's tongue, the loving caress of soft lips.  The slick glide and suck as Sherlock takes him deeper before slowly pulling back, tension and pleasure causing John to tremble and quake.  Sherlock, ever the observant one, wraps one arm around John's thighs, bracing him against the tremors.  With his free hand Sherlock gently caresses John's testicles, massaging them, as his tongue works the length of John's shaft.
years?”  Sherlock states, incredulous.  All signs of feigned disinterest gone.  The information is shocking - granted, he can’t recall John going out on any dates or having seen any evidence of one night stands, despite opportunities being available on John’s rare nights out at the pub; but Sherlock had put that down to not
A quick look in the bedroom confirms that Sherlock is still sleeping, his lashes fluttering against pale skin as he dreams. Contentment sweeps over John and he allows himself a few more seconds to admire the handsome man lost in the world of dreams before continuing with gathering together a simple dinner. John puts the Shepherd's Pie in the oven to heat before searching through the cupboard and locating two dinner trays. He gives them a thorough scrub before setting them on the worktop, then he folds two squares of paper kitchen towel into triangles to use as napkins, rolling a knife and fork inside each and setting them on the tray. A plate is put centrally on each but John feels something is missing. Digging through various drawers in the kitchen unearths two stubby candles in tinted glass containers, miraculously unbroken for their adventures amongst the odds and ends found in the storage drawers of a sometimes mad scientist. John sniffs each candle tentatively in a vague attempt to detect anything noxious, shrugging when they smell of nothing more than beeswax. John places them on the trays, digging out a box of matches that he slips into his jeans, before closing the drawer. He makes a mental note never to look in that particular drawer again, at least not without gloves and a face mask; and possibly a blowtorch, he thinks wryly. The dinner requires about twenty minutes to heat through, the vegetables and gravy he can reheat in the microwave in a matter of moments, this leaves John with time on his hands. Setting the timer on his phone he walks back into the bedroom, climbing carefully onto the bed next to Sherlock and allowing his eyes to drift shut as he savours being so close.
“And what did he ask for in return?”  Sherlock asks, knowing that Mycroft never does anything for free.
"We have a few hours yet, plenty of time before we need to leave our bed." Sherlock reaches down for the duvet and pulls it over them both as he slides down next to John, a deep chuckle on his lips.
have been. If the last few years have taught me anything, it’s that I should grab what I want with both hands.”
Lastly kissing John’s lips, John groans in to the kiss, finally giving in to temptation and wrapping his arms tightly around Sherlock, pulling him flush against him. One of John’s hands remains firmly at the small of Sherlock’s back, the other glides down to massage at the globe of Sherlock’s backside.
“But he still got to be inside of you, he had his fingers in you, he made you climax that way.” There’s a definite edge to Sherlock’s tone, a subtle hint of jealousy.
; he thought he knew what it was when they were in the dining room but no, he is still missing something.  Something that is the key to this whole weekend.
"The break-in was a ruse, designed to make it seem as if there was nothing new to discover there, but it was obvious that there
John can’t help to think how very characteristic that is of Sherlock - straight to the point, no need for small talk; immediately chastising himself as he recalls many times where he and Sherlock have just chatted about anything and everything, often over a take away or a rare home-cooked meal.
The rest of their journey passes relatively quietly, John reads his book, insisting that Sherlock keeps his thoughts on it to himself.  Sherlock retreats in to his mind palace, reviewing the key facts that Mycroft has provided him with on the delegates expected to be in attendance this weekend.
He glances over to speak to Sherlock and sees the same look of wonder on his face that he would expect to see on Rosie’s.
Mary is swathed in her ever-present red coat, looking larger than life in its unflattering cut and colour.  Sherlock’s own coat has John’s blood on it, dried now to hard, dark patches.  The fact that Mary’s coat remains pristine speaks about how hands on she had been in helping John after she shot him and it says it more eloquently than anything Sherlock could possibly say.
Sherlock stares at John, at all the bare skin on display.  The light filters through Sherlock's thin curtains and casts a soft glow over John's skin and Sherlock's hands twitch with the need to feel that skin beneath his fingertips.  He wants to trace the way each muscle sits and moves in John's torso, to run his fingers through the smattering of hair over John's chest, follow the darkening trail on his abdomen to where it dips beneath the sheets.
Sherlock had only meant to tease and entice John, to coerce him into the shower where he would have the opportunity to examine his body fully; but the moment he had let his dressing gown fall and heard the rough edge to John's voice, Sherlock had been lost. For once, he had allowed his body to act instinctively. His mind had been there too; neither silent nor overloaded but observing each little nuance of John's reactions, adding to and complementing his own.
"Er. Hi Sherlock. Did I wake you? Sorry.. I was just ....erm...." John's voice trailed off as a blush spread across his cheeks, his eyes briefly meeting Sherlock's own before becoming steadfastly fixed on the floor.
“Good to know.”  Sherlock’s chuckles die off and he grows serious.  “I am sorry though, John.  I feel like I’ve rather led you on.  I’m not sure how far I could have taken ….” He trails off.
"What brought that on, John?" Sherlock is breathless but his smile is apparent in the richness of his voice. "Not that I'm complaining, mind you."
“And yet, according to your ramblings whilst under the effects of drugs, you believe you pulled yourself back from the brink of death simply because you believed that John Watson was in danger.”  Mycroft interjects, his words in direct contrast to his oft repeated sayings.  “Your heart had stopped, Sherlock.  That is on record.  As is the fact that the doctors attending you had ceased in their efforts to revive you.  And yet, here you are.”  He faces Sherlock with open palms.
"Sorry. Sorry, I could still hear so I put some music on." She holds the earphone up to John and he flinches away when AC/DC blasts out at him.
“Not one of my finest hours, Mrs. Hudson, but I did get the case solved.”  Sherlock gently interrupts Mrs. Hudson’s laughter, leaning some of his weight lightly against John’s bed.
They share the rest of their meal in idle chatter.  The arrival of their main courses - wild Alaska salmon and mixed bean salad with lemon and coriander dressing for Sherlock; wild Alaska halibut wrapped in prosciutto pesto served with wild rice for John - and wine heralds more food sharing and laughter.  They briefly discuss the possibility of dessert before deciding to simply enjoy the music and to order a coffee a bit later.
John’s hips suddenly still and his grip tightens on Sherlock’s arse as he finally reaches his climax.
Lady Smallwood nods and then turns her attention to Sherlock, effectively blocking both John and Janine from the conversation.
“Yes, really.”  John reassures, smiling briefly before growing more serious, his words hesitant. “How was that for you? Did you enjoy it?”
Mycroft acknowledges her presence with nothing more than a curt nod before looking away, apparently already bored with her continued existence;  Lestrade manages a tight smile before he too looks away. Mary narrows her eyes at Lestrade’s reaction to her.  In the past he had been friendly, openly approving of her relationship with John and she finds the distinct change momentarily unsettling. That is before she realises that Lestrade has obviously been appraised of precisely how Sherlock and John both came to be hospitalised, and her role in it.
"I need to feel more of you." Sherlock's voice was a deep growl, the sound of it sending a pulse through John's cock.
Sherlock alters the angle of his body and shifts John’s legs up higher until John is almost bent in half, his knees close to his shoulders.
"Sherlock, it really isn't my job to keep tabs on your friends ....."  Sherlock could hear the sneer in his brother's voice, contempt almost dripping from the word, 'friends'.
John looks on as Sherlock walks slowly around the corpse, scanning the ground and even the trees for goodness-knows what. Sherlock squats by the body, accepts some latex gloves from one of the crime scene officers and very carefully starts to examine it. He strokes the soles of the victim's boots, removing a small sample of mud and placing it in one of his own evidence bags. Next, his gaze moves up the victim's trousers, inspecting them thoroughly through his magnifying glass before checking inside the pockets. John can see he has removed a handful of what look to be beetles but is too far away to see what type they may be. Sherlock passes the majority of them to one of the SOCOs but keeps the rest back for himself, once again placing them in their own evidence bag. Sherlock trails his fingers over the deceased hands before picking one up, bringing it close to his face. He flips the hand so that it is facing palm up, then back over. He leans over the body and carefully opens its mouth, peering inside and then runs his hands through the dead man's hair. John admires the leonine grace of Sherlock's movements, his gaze lingering while Sherlock is utterly focused on the body in front of him. The sound of his name being called jolts him out of his idle reverie and over to Sherlock's side.
"No. I kissed a lot of people, male and female alike. The only time people complained was when they wanted to take it further and I refused. Luckily only a few ignored my 'no', but a quick, hard squeeze, twist and shove to their testicles was enough to put them off. Women, in my experience, have always been more understanding."
Five days ago, he had realised the true intensity of Sherlock's feeling for him, had been held in Sherlock's embrace, had had that slim body pressed intimately against his own..... Now he was standing on the threshold of a white hospital room, listening to the soulless beep of machinery and wishing he was lucky enough to be feeling numb.  Anything would be better than the empty, hollow, echoing pain in his chest where his heart used to be.
Sherlock wants to take John’s hand again but doesn’t, John has shown no indication that he remembers the physical comfort they sought from each other; even if he did, Sherlock knows that doesn't necessarily mean that John would welcome a repeat of the gesture.
"Thank you." There's a wobble to his voice and heat in his cheeks, but he knows the words need to be said. As much of an interfering prat as his brother has been, he can see now that it comes from the heart.
I was going to sit on this chapter for a few more days as it's rare that I have a chapter ready so quickly but I have absolutely no patience so here it is!
"Most of my semen is in your mouth but some of it lands on your lips and cheek." A final tight thrust and buck and John ejaculates, hot splashes of semen landing on Sherlock's stomach, pooling in his belly button. "God, Sherlock!" John fights against his natural reaction to slump against Sherlock, aware, even in his post-orgasmic state to be careful of Sherlock's chest. He sits balanced on Sherlock's thighs, hand still cradling his softening cock, breath coming out in truncated pants.
"So you consider yourself to be good then? At kissing?" Curiosity is rife on John's features. They'd kissed a few times, but by necessity the kisses had been chaste and short lived. The idea of sharing his experience with John in this area makes Sherlock's mouth water and he swallows against the sudden rush. He doesn't miss the way John's eyes are drawn to his throat and he tilts his head to the side, noting the way John licks his lips at the sight.
He tries to speak again but no words come out and all the while his eyes linger on John’s bare torso.
"Come here, gorgeous."  John's voice is rough and dry from his rapid breathing and he chuckles when Sherlock's eyes widen at the sound.  Sherlock crawls up the length of John's naked body and into his outstretched arms. John shivers at the brush of Sherlock's clothed body on his hypersensitive skin, tightening his embrace.  He runs his fingers through Sherlock's curls and waits for his breath to return to somewhat normal. His heart beat is erratic, but John is too aware of  Sherlock's aroused body pressed against his naked one for it to calm.
He pushes the door to their flat open, pausing on the threshold. For a moment, he allows the memory of the last time he was in this room to wash over him, closing his eyes against the bitter flood. He can perfectly picture Mary standing by the fireplace, seemingly unmoved by his discovery of her betrayal, any earlier tears now vanished. Even now, he can taste the memory of the bile that flooded his mouth when the red haze of anger had finally cleared. How could she betray him like that? Try to kill the person who had given him something to live for when he had returned broken from the war? His memory shifts to one of Sherlock sitting pale-faced in his chair. In retrospect, John can see the symptoms of his relapse clearly; the pale, clammy skin, the erratic breathing, the struggle for words but at the time he had been too blinded by what he believed to be the betrayal of his best friend and his wife to notice. He wonders now if, had he seen it, he would have been able to get Sherlock back to the hospital without the need for his heart to be re-started in the ambulance. A trauma that neither of them had needed to experience; Sherlock's body already weak from the abuse he had put it through and John's mind in heartbroken turmoil.
"Um, no." John rubs his hands sheepishly over the nape of his neck. "It was more like blow jobs and prostate massage."
Mycroft gives a brief nod in acknowledgment of Sherlock's words before shuffling through the papers contained in the file, a subtle indicator that he considers all that needs to be said, said.
He has no clue what he will do when Rosie is older, he has no intention of ever leaving Sherlock’s side again but, realistically, he may have to. Rosie can hardly be expected to share with her dear old dad until she leaves home.
"Emperor Waltz, also known as the Kaiser-Walzer. Composed by Johann Strauss II in 1889. It seemed an appropriate choice for you John as it has a slight military feel to it. Indeed, it starts with a quiet march before breaking into sweeping waltz. Now, take my hand."
Sherlock closes his eyes and visualises their rooms at Baker Street, a little tidier, a little cleaner but with the obvious presence of a child.  Toys are on the floor, children’s books rest in unruly piles throughout the room, wires and sharp edges are hidden away or covered over,  the sound of a violin playing a lullaby echoes softly around the room.  So far, so good; the idea of child in the flat brings Sherlock no distress, in fact he feels a sense of warmth and home; of rightness.
Sorry about the delay in updating.  I've come to a very difficult part of the story and because of it my writing has slowed a little.  Also the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock and I have had madly hectic lives recently!
Next, he goes to the staffroom and eats his obligatory food, splitting his time between pushing the food around his plate and glancing back over towards John’s room.
When John’s eyelids start to grow heavy he reluctantly returns to his bed, already missing the sensation of Sherlock’s skin against his own.
Sweeping a final hand over the smooth sheets, John heaves himself off the bed, ignoring the protest from his aching limbs and slowly heads downstairs; the longing for cinnamon swirls, a cup of tea and the presence of the people he has come to think of as family, guiding him.
Each lick, flick and suck threaten to drive him to his knees, he braces himself with a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and a hand on the mattress behind him.
John gave a slow shrug, his glass moving in lazy circles. "I know. Then after she was out of the first lot of surgery, it was just a blur of intensive care and more surgery. I nearly lost her. Finally, they were able to stabilise her and I was able to think straight for a few moments. That's when I checked my phone and saw that text from you. Christ, Sherlock, I thought you'd done something stupid." Sherlock saw the pain etched on John's face, some for Mary but most due to Sherlock's past actions. He could see the glimmer of tears threatening to spill, even as John studied his own face, searching for what, Sherlock didn't know. Slowly, John reached over to take Sherlock's hand, sliding his fingers up to Sherlock's wrist until he had two resting on Sherlock's pulse point.  Sherlock knew John was seeking proof that he was living and breathing, wanted to feel the reassuring pound of life-blood beneath his fingertips.  The touch was far from medical, the brush of John's skin against his sensitive wrist was enough to make Sherlock's pulse jump.  "I thought I'd lost you again Sherlock." John's voice was little more than a broken whisper.  "And I couldn't have lived through that.  Not again."
“Waves?” John queries again, making a vague gesture with his head. He swallows, trying to force some saliva down his obviously sore throat, causing Sherlock to wince in sympathy. “Sea.” John’s speech is already beginning to slur and his eyelids are drooping, exhaustion starting to wash over him. Sherlock knows it is to be expected but still the fear of John not waking if he sleeps again threatens to overwhelm him. Instead he tries to decipher what John may mean with his perplexing words.
I am really, really sorry for the huge wait in posting this chapter!  I kind of lost my mojo after a bit of a health scare (it's all good, just need to learn to pace myself more sensibly) but it seems to have popped back for a while.  Very much hoping that my mojo isn't only here for a brief visit!
“It’s not like she’s been hiding that she collects china rabbits or something, or she’s a secret cosplayer for some lame TV show.
Mrs Hudson pours the water in to a teapot with a couple of her best teabags and leaves it to brew whilst she busies herself with putting the mince pies together.   Before long they are in the oven cooking away and two cups of tea are sitting companionably by each other on Mrs Hudson’s little table.
Sherlock raised his face from where it had been buried against her shoulder, his quick silver eyes meeting hers. He could feel a small ray of hope blooming deep in his chest, knew the wonder was clear on his face. Knew that all his emotions were laid bare for this wonderful woman to see.
The nurse checks the feed on John’s pain medication, tidies all signs of her work away and leaves the room as silently as she had entered.
John has once more kissed his way down Sherlock's body and his mouth now hovers above Sherlock's achingly erect penis.  Each breath across his sensitive skin is causing Sherlock to twitch and he is almost sobbing in his need for John.
"Sherlock?" John's voice was gentle, his face now devoid of its smile, concern instead etched in its place. "What's the matter? You seem like you drifted off to your mind palace and then....."
Long, dark blonde lashes flutter against pale cheeks before slowly drifting open, several slow blinks later and John’s sluggish gaze settles on Sherlock.  The smile that glides across his lips and brightens his eyes lends an air of boyish roguishness to John’s features and Sherlock can’t help but return the smile.
"So you know how to snog exceptionally and I know how to shag amazingly. Christ, Sherlock, it's going to be quite the ride." John says breathlessly.
"Well, that's very considerate of you." John teases, allowing his smile to bloom fully. "But for now, we need to go slower, savour each moment. We'll start with you having that shower you wanted and then curling up in bed and yes, Sherlock Holmes, you will sleep."
"Oh! Idiot! I'm such an idiot! Thank heavens I have you to illuminate things for me!" Excitement shines from Sherlock's face as he stares at John.
"I'm here Sherlock." John reached for Sherlock's questing hand, interlacing their fingers, the action natural to him. Bringing their joined hands to his lips, John bestowed a gentle kiss on each of Sherlock's fingers before lowering their hands to his chest.  Closing his eyes, John allowed  sleep to wash over him, a smile of contentment on his lips.
Sherlock nods in response and is just opening his mouth to reply when he notices that Mary is staring nervously at John’s door, obviously debating on going in.  An immediate surge of anger and protectiveness washes over him; taking a deep breath before wiping his features clear of emotion, he strides over to Mary, dragging his drip-stand with him.  Lestrade simply sighs before walking over to Mycroft.
Mrs. Hudson starts to gather her stuff, putting her coat back on and rifling through her handbag, making sure she has everything in readiness to leave.
Sherlock almost growls as he removes John’s bolo tie, before sliding his hands down and back, grasping at John’s arse.
"On the whole, I was successful at achieving what I set out to do, gaining only minor injuries and flesh wounds along the way - nothing of consequence, nothing requiring more than five or six stitches."  John huffed out a laugh before he could stop himself.  Only Sherlock would think that a cut requiring stitches was inconsequential.  Once again, he couldn't help but be amazed by this brave, foolish man.  Sherlock nuzzled his nose into John's shoulder, letting John know that he understood he wasn't being laughed at. When Sherlock resumed speaking, his voice was again cold and flat.  Although his hand remained on John's chest, John could feel a slight tremor.  "Unfortunately, my luck ran out just a few months before I returned to London.  I was taken prisoner in Serbia: for some reason they thought I was a British spy. I survived on rations of weak gruel and stagnant water.  They kept me sleep-deprived, awakening me whenever I slept for longer than thirty minutes, by throwing ice water over me.  After three weeks, I was able to escape, but I didn't get far. I was too weak to outrun them."
"It's not,". John tilts his head back, resting his head lightly against Sherlock's shoulder.  "But it will be." He turns in Sherlock's loose embrace, gazing up at him.  "Oh love, you're exhausted.  Let's get some toast into you and the last of today's painkillers and head to bed."
They fall silent, each pondering their conversation; their gazes now observing the gentle sway of the flowers, their minds miles away. They remain seated, lost in their thoughts, until the buzzing of a large bee attracts Sherlock’s attention.  John is pulled from his thoughts by the sound of a delighted ‘Oh!’  from his companion.  He switches his attention between the zig-zagging, but determined, flight of the bee and Sherlock.  Sherlock who is now smiling, the rare crooked smile that makes his cheeks wrinkle and the merest hint of a double chin show.  The smile that shows true happiness, the smile that John secretly adores.
Sherlock found his hand gripped in a deceptively firm hold, his eyes now studying Mrs Hudson's earnest face. "You need to tell him, Sherlock."
John can feel the heat on his face as he flushes at being caught in his blatant perusal of Sherlock’s body.
As if on an unspoken signal, they drift closer together. John keeps his eyes on Sherlock's face, watching as his eyes drift closed. He stills, committing the view to memory, before slowly, carefully, pressing his lips against Sherlock's. It's every bit as wonderful as their first kiss and John is secretly relieved that their powerful chemistry is not just that of unrequited lust. The kiss is brief this time and John leans away slightly, so he can study Sherlock once more. Sherlock's eyes remain closed a few moments longer, his lips slightly pursed, both hands now reverently bracketing John's face. John resists the temptation to kiss those lips again and finally, Sherlock's eyes slide open, the light of the fireflies reflected in them, their natural gold flecks now enhanced by the golden glow of the fireflies.
The darkness is broken by the flare of electric lights but he is hidden behind their reach.  John remains in the wheelchair as instructed and allows the shadows to encase him further.  Anger and fear course through his veins; fear at what he suspects he is about to hear, anger that he had been too blind to see it earlier.  All topped off with an unhealthy dose of anger at Sherlock; anger that he left; anger that he'd returned…Returned too late….  A conversation takes place at the other end of the hallway and John is so consumed by anger at what he hears that he almost reacts too late when the gun is levelled at him.  He lurches abruptly to the side, causing the wheelchair to tip, he registers searing pain in his left arm even as he strikes his head against the brick wall.  Blackness overwhelms him.
"As usual John you see, but you do not observe." A chuckle warming his voice, taking the edge off of the all too common insult.
Sherlock has never been self-conscious about his body, appearing around the flat in anything from a full suit to a small towel when fresh from the shower. Whilst in the hospital, John had seen almost all of Sherlock, averting his eyes when necessary to give Sherlock privacy whilst being bathed or relieving himself. Now the reason for baring his skin, his body, is different and John is no longer the respectful bystander. He is actively involved, eyes devouring each inch of milky white skin that comes into view, his body responding, if the clenched fists in the blanket are anything to go by, to the overtly sexual nature of the situation.
"Sherlock. I know how much John means to you, and, I'm afraid there's no easy way to say this, but Mary was taken into hospital with suspected complications relating to pregnancy. John and Mary are expecting a child."  For once Mycroft's words were softly spoken, compassion evident and that sincerity, more than anything, is what crushed the last of Sherlock's hopes; stamped out the last spark of life in his Phoenix.
John struggles to try and right himself; his head is full of visions, many contradictory, and he strives to work out what is real and what is not.
“Are you sure you're still alright to have Rosie overnight?”  John queries, his hands shoved firmly in his pockets.  “I can leave the party early and take her, it’s not a problem. I don't have to spend the night at the hotel, it’s not far from here.”
"I'm not tired Sherlock and you need your rest." John is amazed at how even his voice sounds although he is warring with the urge to walk over and run his hands all over Sherlock's body. The temptation is so strong he takes an impulsive step forward.
"So what do I do?" Sherlock's voice broke. "I could risk everything and lose him, or I could stay quiet and at least have his friendship."
After what seemed like an eternity the cab pulled up at 221B Baker Street. Glancing up whilst paying the driver John was able to see Sherlock clearly outlined at the window, his violin poised for playing. He had an overwhelming urge to wave and smile but was able to turn it into a curt nod and barely raised hand. He knew,of course, that Sherlock would have seen the aborted wave and would be looking very smug at John's sentimentality.
John looked up to see Sherlock smiling at him from across the room.  A genuine, warm smile, a smile John suddenly realised he had never seen Sherlock bestow on anyone else. His heart beat a tattoo in response, his face melting into an answering grin.
“Good morning, Doctor Watson.” Gethin is almost unbearably cheerful in what feels like the very early hours to a sleep deprived Sherlock.
"Never." John feels something akin to a hug as Sherlock briefly tightens his hold and squeezes his nape. "I promise."
"Yeah?  Can't imagine he has anything to say to me that I want to hear." John lets Sherlock's hand go and gets up from the coffee table, trying to distance himself from anything Anderson may have to say.
Sherlock briefly raises his gaze from where he had been watching the lazy tracks of his fingertips, before flushing and looking away.
Yes I know this is a very short, very angsty chapter but I promise I am working on the next chapter now!
"I left here, after our...." The momentary pause and accompanying blush assured Sherlock that John was remembering the last time they had seen one other.  John took a deep, cleansing breath before continuing with his story. "...... After our dance lesson. I had every intention of talking to Mary about the wedding.  But when I got home, I found her collapsed on the floor.  She had vomited, was sickly white with a temperature so high she was delirious. I had no clue how long she had been like that, just lying there." John turned pained eyes to Sherlock.  "Later, much later, I discovered that she had been having severe stomach pain for quite some time but that it had become unbearable throughout the day.  She hadn't wanted to call me because I had told her we were working on an important case."
Strong, forceful hands guide Sherlock’s hips into a rocking rhythm before drifting on to the globes of his arse, squeezing and releasing in harmony to their movements.
"Are you up to this, Sherlock? We said no cases."  John keeps his voice soothing, not wanting to upset Sherlock.
Their joined gasps fill the air; Sherlock's, one of relief swiftly turning to one of pleasure as he feels John's warm breath ghosting across his sensitive skin.
“Nooo, if someone hurts you, I hurt them.”  John says slowly, as if talking to a child. He suddenly smiles.  “I’m a little muddled right now but I know that much.”
"More often than not. If I had privacy, I dealt with it quickly and quietly. Others were much more blasé about the whole thing, whipping it out whenever the need arose, so to speak." John tells him and Sherlock fights down his surprise at John's honesty. After all, they've never really talked about sex before, unless it pertained to a case, and now they're sharing personal information with barely a blink of an eye. Sherlock muses over how strange it is that things can change so quickly. Barely two months ago, he had been 'giving away' John at his wedding and now John will be coming home with him.
Sherlock flopped down into his chair, his thoughts a dizzying blur that threatened to overwhelm him.  He needed to catalogue them, analyse the sensations and reactions going on within his body and on his skin, store them away in his mind palace for future reference. Closing his eyes and steepling his fingers in front of his mouth he allowed himself to drift amongst the various rooms.
“Do you know how many Williams, Bills and Billys we know?”  Sherlock shakes his head, his hair lacking its usual bounce from need of washing.
'Oh. You arse! You almost had me then!" John's giggles are joined by Sherlock's deeper laugh. Only Mycroft remains completely confused by the sudden change in mood.
"No, nothing. I suspect he is busy with Mary.  Maybe she has him finally planning the wedding with her?" Sherlock could hear the bitterness in his voice as he spoke about the upcoming event.
"Erm, Sherlock? When did you clear the room?" John's brow creased in confusion, looking around fully for the first time since entering the flat. He noted that the chairs had been pushed to the edges of the room, as had the low coffee table and his own little side table. The floor was remarkably clear of papers and books and a sizeable area was left devoid of any trip hazards.
They remain holding each other's gaze until a light tap at the door alerts them to the presence of a nurse. They chuckle lightly as they separate to allow the nurse room to check on Sherlock's wound.
"Half the joy is in the anticipation, Sherlock. Everything is better if you have to wait for it." His words slurred and quiet, he slowly pulls back the sheets on his bed before sliding into their welcoming embrace.
John sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. He counts down from thirty in his head, ten having never been sufficient when dealing with mad geniuses. "Ok. Ok. You're right. Molly it is. But won't she think it strange that I'm having these tests? Or that we are having her do them? Her patients are usually dead, love."
John closes his mouth and wraps his own towel loosely around his hips, valiantly ignoring the way one part of his anatomy is attempting to respond in a very physical way.
"I'm going to go to sleep now Sherlock, and then when I wake up we are going to have a shower, something to eat and then come back to bed."
Laughing, John gently extracts himself from Sherlock's embrace.  "I'll take that as a yes, shall I?  Sliding from the bed, John heads towards the bathroom.  "I'll just get us something to clean up with and then we'll snuggle."
John swallows, hard. The thought that that was Sherlock at his rustiest makes John's pulse thrum. The kisses they had shared had been intoxicating, amongst the best he had ever experienced. It takes a few moments for John to clear away the haze of sudden arousal that threatens to overtake him before he realises that his eyes had fallen shut at the thought of a well-oiled (his mind conjures up
“For god’s sake John, try and come up with something new to say.”  Despite the apparent impatience of his words, Sherlock is smiling whilst he busies himself spreading butter on his toast.
John could feel the rush of relief flood over him, its touch like the frost kissed lips of a lover, fresh and revitalising.  "Any closer to a resolution? Can I help at all?"
It's his very want, his need, for this man that has made Sherlock hold back all day; scared to cross some invisible line and lose everything he never imagined he could have. He is fully aware he isn't considered a 'good catch'. He is socially and physically awkward, certainly not conventionally handsome and rarely polite. He has known since the start of their friendship that John is bisexual; he's seen him giving men second looks but also noticed that John never followed those looks up with dates. Sherlock knows that John has had semi-serious relationships with men but that it had been made clear at the outset that they were going to be for a set length of time. Sherlock never thought he stood a chance with John; just because John fancied men occasionally wasn't a guarantee that he would ever think of Sherlock that way. Sherlock acknowledges that their relationship does not mean a promise of commitment. John's track record is evidence of that.
He appears to have used John’s hair mousse to define and separate his curls, making his hair appear longer, thicker and adding an air of innocence to his otherwise sinful outfit.
“John. Mary is here.” Sherlock interrupts, his eyes darting towards Mary, catching the end of an angry grimace.
"What are you talking about, Molly? You know precisely how fresh it is. You saw how flushed and relaxed John was when he handed you the sample." Sherlock snaps.
"John. I want to feel your mouth around me, your tongue caressing me."  Their mixed groans fill the air.  "But I need to feel you, to breathe you in.  To have the taste of you on my tongue."  Sherlock clenches John hard, causing John's pulse to spike.  "Please, John.  Let me do that."
“I believe the doctor recommended early nights as being essential to my rapid recovery.” Sherlock pauses in the doorway to their bedroom. “Care to join me? Doctor.”
facing him on my own!" He sorts through the chest of drawers, quickly locating pyjamas for the both of them, throwing Sherlock's over to him, before pulling on his own. "Put those on whilst I go and let our visitor in."
The sound of footsteps pounding up the stairs catches John's attention - every second step is missed, Sherlock's excitement is almost a living, vibrating entity. Case, then. John vaguely remembers Sherlock swirling into the kitchen at the crack of dawn, wittering on about diamonds, hair and diplomats, all whilst typing furiously away on his phone. He tumbles through the open door of the flat, wind-blown and, John feels, looking suitably Byronic; his hair is tousled by the afternoon wind, cheeks red from the slight nip in the air. Sparkling eyes fall upon John and a grin breaks across his face before he is able to suppress it. John's mouth quirks up in answer. Sherlock holds his gaze for a long moment before finally turning away. John takes that moment to allow himself to look at Sherlock, to admire the beauty of the weather-kissed man, before turning his gaze to the floor, a small smile still on his lips.
“As she pointed out, repeatedly may I add, she was already at risk simply by remaining at Baker Street.  A risk she willingly undertook, Sherlock.” Greg asserts, holding up his hand to stop Sherlock from interrupting.  “The devices were brilliantly disguised; they looked like calculators, or old remote controls; stuff you'd expect to find around the house.  The rest you know.  Mrs Hudson used one of the devices as soon as the opportunity arose and that alerted myself and Mycroft that, to quote you, the game was on.”
"I've got used to you being close by when I sleep." Sherlock's voice is soft and intimate, his hand, unwavering, is still held out for John. Sherlock bites his lip, his eyes breaking his gaze with John before skittering back. John knows this is a sure sign that he has something to say that he thinks John might not like to hear. John dips his head slightly, unspoken permission for Sherlock to continue. "You're avoiding the living room, John. Avoiding the last place you saw her. Please..." Sherlock's voice cracks and something in John's heart breaks a little. Leaving the pyjamas on the dresser, he walks over to Sherlock, taking the extended hand in his own. "Please don't let her get between us now. We'll face our demons together, I promise you, John. But, for now, just lie down next to me, let us have that."
"How long until our visitor arrives?" John's voice is heavy with relaxation and he wriggles into the mattress, trying to make himself more comfortable.
"Tasting you." Sherlock is again on his knees, a soft kiss gifted to John's navel.  The image of Sherlock on his knees is reminiscent of too many of John's fantasies. He closes his eyes, not wanting to mix fantasy with reality, this is real and he wants the memories to be perfect.
Long fingers trace over the curve of John's arms, arms so often covered that their reveal is akin to Sherlock's nakedness. John has never been prudish about his body but it was rare if Sherlock ever saw more than a brief flash of legs. Now, being able to touch skin, having the opportunity to bare more, causes Sherlock's already eager erection to firm up more. Sherlock only spares a moment to feel relieved that the morphine is finally out of his system and his body back to fully functioning order before tugging at the waist of John's t-shirt. He pulls it free of John's jeans, running an exploratory hand along the waistband, fingers dipping briefly beneath the denim, pulling a breathy moan from John.
Feeling emboldened, John cuts off another piece of strudel and guides it towards Sherlock's mouth, hoping that Sherlock will extend this strange little flirtatious experience they are having. Sherlock's full lips slowly part and he leans forward to carefully take the piece of pastry into his mouth. John watches, fascinated, as Sherlock chews and swallows, the action of his long throat mesmerising.
"That sounds an awful lot like a wedding vow to me, Sherlock." He licks his lips, his mouth dry despite all the moisture in the air.
“Cheers.”  John laughs, his face wreathed in lines of genuine happiness, knowing how hard small talk is for Sherlock and appreciating the effort.  Leaning closer, John reaches up and removes a tiny piece of lint from Sherlock’s shoulder, his hand lingers for what seems like an unending moment before slowly stroking down Sherlock’s arm.  Sherlock shivers in response; somehow the gesture feels more intimate than anything that has preceded it.  Apart from their lunchtime kiss.  A not-so-mere kiss to the cheek.  That stands alone.  With the ping of the lift door John steps slowly away but not before sliding his hand in to Sherlock’s once more.  Sherlock misses his proximity immediately.
The arrival of a nurse stops John and Sherlock from getting too lost in their thoughts and the fact that he is there to remove some of the cumbersome machines goes a long way to making Sherlock less resentful about having his comfortable silence with John interrupted.
"John, be reasonable." Sherlock sounds calm but John can hear the wariness in his voice. "Molly is the logical choice. Mike Stamford no longer carries out medical work, hiding in the world of teaching. I suspected you wouldn't want any work colleagues, past or present, involved which leaves Molly. Anything else could take weeks to arrange and gain the results and," Sherlock loses some of his bluster and John finally sees how nervous Sherlock actually is, "And I thought you wanted the results as quickly as possible."
"Sherlock breathe."  Sherlock finally takes a few calming breaths, relaxing against John, feels his mouth quirking into a small half smile.
“No.  Never appealed to me, all that snooping around and making deductions from the pattern of a footprint or the way the sun has faded the wallpaper in a certain way.  I’ll leave that to you and Doctor Watson, I’ll stick with my form of fixing people, Mr Holmes.”
The room is still warm and damp from John’s shower and this knowledge only heightens Sherlock’s reaction to seeing John clad only in form fitting boxer shorts.  Sherlock rests his hands on the sink countertop, his head hanging down as he laments the foolishness of his body and mind.  John is far from being a prude but the most Sherlock usually gets to see is a flash of chest and calf when he emerges from the bathroom.
"Mmm, hello." Sherlock sounds content and satisfied to be waking up next to John, reaching an arm out to pull him in closer.
I really hope you are continuing to enjoy this, I know it's been a slow burn but I love sweet torture!
, morgue, and use their equipment to examine the dirt I took from the sole of Lechner's boot. The outer soil deposit was right for where we found him, but the older dirt was the wrong colour for that area. I want to retrace his steps by studying that dirt deposit. I also need to look more closely at the fireflies I found on him."
"So, this diplomat." John glances to the side as he recalls the name, before looking directly at Sherlock again. "Jonas Lechner, is what? Some sort of creepy stalker bug man of the dead and famous? And he's somehow connected to the theft of the jewels? But you got those back, returned them to the Austrian government."
Interrupting the kiss, John guides Sherlock over to the shower cubicle. Opening the door sends clouds of steam towards them, making the scene slightly surreal. John steps into the shower before gently pulling Sherlock in after him. He's seen Sherlock soaked through before, hair hanging in loose curls over his forehead, but he looks even more ethereal surrounded by clouds of steam and his skin flushed pink. John watches as the water runs in fine rivulets down Sherlock's high cheek bones and along his jaw before converging at the dip of his neck, thicker streams of water run over Sherlock's torso, parting their way around his nipples before meeting once again on his abdomen. John watches mesmerised as the water streams through Sherlock's pubic hair before running down long, strong legs.
"As a young child, I was boisterous and energetic, always questioning everything. I think I was a bit of a handful but my parents coped admirably and, as much as I hate to admit it, Mycroft tried his best too. He bought me my first microscope and accompanied me when I went out to investigate the local rivers and lakes." He smiles. It's a small, private smile, one that spans many years and has the edge of sadness.
Posting a little early as I suspect my day tomorrow will be mostly filled with phoning garages and then taking numerous buses and trains (and walking) to pick up my car that decided to break down on me today! Luckily I was somewhere safe and the RAC were absolutely amazing!
Silence fills the room. John strokes Sherlock's hand with his thumb as he holds it and lets Sherlock wander the paths of his memory for a while.
"You'll enjoy it, Mycroft. Men in well-fitted clothing, showing off their assets. Although, don't get too attached to the Sicilian, even if you can relate to him." Sherlock warns light-heartedly.
Sipping his tea, John listened intently to the music once more, his heart full of the love he felt for Sherlock and, he hoped, Sherlock still felt for him.  With each new song, John allowed scenarios to play before his eyes; some remembered, some he hoped to create.
John felt Sherlock's arm tense against his stomach before relaxing as Sherlock exhaled, his breath tickling the back of John's neck.
John can’t help running an appreciative eye over the outfit, Lestrade looks handsome enough but he doesn't hold a candle to the raw sensuality that Sherlock exudes.
"Feet together. Forward with your left foot." Sherlock's voice had reverted to its usual precise tones, his eyes fixed on John, taking in his form and posture.
"Yep. The 'we both know something' face.  So what's the deal with Anderson? He doesn't work with the Met anymore, not that you ever found him useful anyway, so what was with the Eureka moment and the phone call?" John touches the skin around the entry site gently checking for any signs of excessive heat that might be indicative of infection.  Pleased with the healing progress he tapes on a new bandage, seeing no need for the antibiotic cream. John places the soggy bandage in the special waste bin along with his surgical gloves.
He is the reason that Mary knew she was on the right track when she came seeking me in Leinster Gardens, gave her the way to communicate with us.
She tucks the camera back in her apron pocket before anyone else can see it, taking a willing Rosie back from Sherlock.
He places the cold tube of lube on John’s chest which then shakes as John laughs, his eyes sparkling.
"Look after him. He feels more than he lets on.” Molly's voice takes on a hard edge that John has never heard before and he automatically pays attention. “If you hurt him, the last time you will have any contact with me will be when you're under my knife on the autopsy table. The being dead part is not mandatory."
Desire runs riot through his body and he trembles under its power. He can feel the moment John's tongue touches his lip, his whole body spasms in response. "Oh God." He has no idea if the wrecked voice is his or John's; they are both so lost in the moment.  Holding John's face tighter, he runs his tongue along John's lips, before dipping inside, twining his tongue with John's, tasting the sweetness of their meal, the richness of the wine, but underneath it all, John.  Only John.  He is convinced he can taste John's strength, loyalty, love .... desire and he wants, oh God, how he wants.
Sherlock barely registers the gasp that escapes him, he is too lost in the sight of John’s lips forming something akin to the start of a smile. A whispered ‘John’ escapes him seconds later when John twitches his hand, moving slowly to return Sherlock’s hold. His grip is weak but to Sherlock it registers as the best thing he has ever felt. His eyes flash down to where their hands are joined, his tears now tears of joy. His gaze sweeps back up to John’s face, eagerly searching.
Mycroft is sat in a comfortable leather chair, something that had obviously been provided specifically for him, a tube leads to the crook of his arm, supplying him with blood to replace what he had lost from his wound.  Mycroft looks pale and pinched but somehow manages to retain an air of officiousness, despite his right pyjama leg being cut off high on his thigh.  His thigh is wrapped securely in clean, white bandages and his right foot is slightly raised on a low stool.
"Bugger, really?" John fumbles around for his phone before realising he's left it in the bedroom. He ineffectually continues to pat at his pockets before asking what the time actually is.
He had familiarised himself with Sherlock’s case after their meeting concerning Doctor Watson and had expected for him to be rather further along the road to recovery; he makes a mental note to have a word with the nurses to ensure that there hasn’t been some complications that would explain Mr Holmes’ condition.
Sherlock lowered his gaze to John's hand, amazed at how such a simple touch conveyed so much.  He felt John's fingers twitch and realised he had been staring for so long that he had made John feel as if his touch was unwelcome.  Tentatively, Sherlock lowered his own, slightly trembling, hand to rest over John's, threading his own long fingers into the gaps between John's strong ones. Sherlock's focus was fixed, amazed that for all their differences, gold against ivory, sun against snow, they fitted. He and John fitted together, like two puzzle pieces, like their two strong hands resting on his knee. Taking a steadying breath, Sherlock gently squeezed John's hand, glorying in the heat of it.  Slowly he raised his eyes to meet John's steady gaze with his nervous one.
Sherlock took a long look at John, allowing his gaze to travel slowly over him, starting from the ground up.
Sherlock rushes forward, slipping slightly in the water, his hand flutters over John as water falls on them both, soaking through Sherlock’s pyjamas.
“Mr Holmes, please lower your voice. Doctor Watson needs to sleep now.” The nurse insists, remaining calm, undaunted by Sherlock’s anger.  “The reason for his unusual choice of conversation topic is because of the small amount of anaesthesia that remains in his system.”  The nurse looks meaningfully in Mary’s direction but continues when she nods at him.  “It has merely temporarily lowered his inhibitions.”
“I can’t John, I’ve waited too long for this, it can’t be over in nothing more than a handful of minutes.”
(I'm having a bugger of a time getting this to post, AO3 is insisting that my chapter summary is too long (it's not!) so I'm trying it without a chapter summary - or at least trying to!)
He smooths his hands down his torso, sliding them over his breeches until one hand is cupping his testicles, the other drifting over the firm line of his penis.
The room is quiet except for the heavy breathing of the men, both absorbed in their own, and the other man’s, actions.
I'm so sorry it's been such a long time between updates! Life has been hectic - hubby climbing Mount Kilimanjaro for one thing - and the idea fairy has been shy! Hubby is now home and safe and the idea fairy has briefly flitted by!
deserved a weekend away.”  He alters his hold on Sherlock’s hand, his face open and earnest.  “If a case, a
"Maybe the information he provides us with today will be enough to start putting him back in your good books."
Leaning forward he gently kissed Sherlock's mouth, smiling into the kiss as he felt Sherlock's small groan of pleasure. He trailed kisses along Sherlock's cheekbone until he reached the lobe of Sherlock's ear, nibbling gently then pulling slightly away, his lips just brushing the skin there.
John grins at the table until the waiter leaves, before facing Sherlock directly. "More apple strudel? Still hungry?"
‘No, you won’t, as you’ll be rotting in jail just as you deserve.”  Mrs Hudson’s voice is lined with a touch of steel.  “Did you honestly believe that you could try to kill my Sherlock and I’d sit back and do nothing?”
“He also called the ambulance when he realised you had been shot and I was trying to stop the bleeding.”
"Her brother, then? But you said that her brother was dead and this is a sighting of him from a week ago."
"Ok. I'm listening." Greg sits forward in his chair, forearms resting on his knees, hands loosely linked.
"Anderson took note of whom was attending his odd little meetings, most came regularly but he also had some who only stayed for a short time.  It's those I want to find out more about."  Sherlock's voice isn't quite as strong as usual but John is pleased to hear some of the usual imperious tones returning.
Sherlock closely observes him as he continues his walk.  Tall - approximately six foot, two inches; broad-shouldered and slim - suggestive of regular exercise;  dark skin with the first suggestion of fine wrinkles around his eyes and lips; dark softly waving hair that is threaded through with silver - indicating his age at between forty-seven and fifty-two.  His eyes, when he stops at the group and are close enough to see clearly, are a dark, warm brown.
"It took us a while to rouse Mrs Hudson today." Greg explains between sips of his tea. "In the end, Mycroft let himself in. I went to check on her, make sure that nothing unsavoury had happened to the old dear. Couldn't get her to answer her door either, although we'd had no intelligence to say she had left the building."
“I’m not happy about this Sherlock but if you're going then you're doing it my way.  Stay right there until I come back.”  John walks towards the door, stopping by Greg’s side and grasping his shoulder. “If he tries to get out of that bed, Greg, you have my permission to lay him out cold.”
“I was his flat-mate.  His colleague.  His best friend, I believe.”  Sherlock answers, gasping as pain shoots along his hurt arm.
Six glorious months pass by and John and Sherlock only grow closer. There are arguments, crazy experiments, angry violin playing and calming walks in the park. There are also bouts of make-up sex, angry sex, creative sex, mind blowingly good sex - and to Sherlock's secret delight - snuggling, lots and lots of snuggling. Sherlock and John have never been happier.  Cases continue to roll in and John continues to blog proudly about his partner.
"Yeah." John's eyes are a glimmering ring of navy blue around dark pupils in the flickering firelight. "I can do that." His voice is gruff, almost gravelly and the sound of it causes the hairs on Sherlock's arms to rise. There's something primal to it, almost predatory and Sherlock has to fight back the urge to moan.
He can no longer hold off his own completion and ruts almost frantically against John, his cock sliding with ease.
“I hope I don't disappoint.”  John murmurs, leaning in for another kiss.  The kiss is long and lingering and holds the promise of more afternoons making love in the sunlight.
"Stop thinking so loudly." Sherlock's voice was still edged with sleep but the laughter in his voice was obvious.
"You've not had sex with Mary for a while, not since..."  He spoke automatically, pausing only to study John again, noting the sucked in cheeks and averted eyes.  "...... And before then you were always careful to use protection."  Sherlock for once avoided stating the obvious, that John had not had sex with Mary since Sherlock's return from the dead, but was internally reeling at the revelation.  What had caused John, a physically loving man, to stop having sex with the woman he was engaged to? Sherlock distractedly pressed his fingers over his cheekbone, wincing at the sudden stab of pain: tender, swelling already apparent, skin broken and bleeding.
"I'm sorry?" Mycroft appears all politeness but Sherlock knows that he is shamming his confusion in an attempt to draw John out. A quickly suppressed surge of gratitude threatens to engulf Sherlock when he realises what Mycroft is doing. He is allowing John to, at least, feel nominally in charge of what will happen to Mary and how it may affect the rest of his life.
It’s small and a bit crooked but it evokes an answering smile from John, before they both look away, the moment seeming too heavy.
"Yes.  I understand.  I finally understand." He allows himself a moment to kiss John's lips, keeps it chaste but full of promise.  Looking straight into John's eyes, he lets the sincerity of what he is feeling colour his voice.  "It's always you.  John Watson, you keep me right.  It's only ever been you."
"Right. Ok." John pulls himself to attention, actively making the decision to move the day forward even if that does mean giving blood and having to masturbate on demand. He allows himself a smirk, realising that at least he won't have any shortage of images to use for that particular activity. "Food and pain killers first, then you can at least shave the worst of that fur off - I have an electric razor you can use. Once your painkillers are up to full effectiveness we will go to Bart's. Get it all sorted."
“Is this okay?”  John asks, pulling slightly back to see Sherlock’s expression, his hand stroking Sherlock’s cheek.
"Ugh! Boring John!" But Sherlock sat still. Or at least as still as he was capable of.  Fingers beating out a tune on the arms of his chair, feet keeping the rhythm until finally, finally, the ten minutes had elapsed.  Suddenly launching himself to his feet and grabbing the remote for the CD player, Sherlock pressed the play button, pulling John to his feet.
"John....... I should have told you this a long time ago.......... I tried to once ..........But........" He takes a deep, shuddering breath and moves to look John directly in the eye. John feels his heart stutter at the import of what is about to follow. "I love you." The words, so long in coming, are unrushed and ardently said and tears spring to John's eyes. He pulls Sherlock into a full bodied embrace, wrapping his arms and legs around him, pulling him tight.
The cab journey brings a new level of clarity and John realises that Saskia must fancy Sherlock rather than him and that is why he never really clicked on a romantic level with her.  He must have been able to deduce it somehow, after all, he has been living and working with Sherlock for years now, something must have rubbed off. The thought doesn't bother him as much as he thought it would.  Saskia is allowed to fancy whoever she wishes and Sherlock is unlikely to return her interest, he never does when someone shows an interest in him.
"Wow! That was brilliant, Sherlock. Show me that again." Sherlock could see the flush of excitement on John's face as he temporarily lead again. 1 ...... 2 ....... 3 ..... Quarter turn.  1 ...... 2 ....... 3 ..... Quarter turn. 1 ...... 2 ....... 3 ..... Quarter turn.
“Enid, Missus, named after me Gran.  Me mum said she was a stubborn one and that I took after her. She never knew whether to laugh or despair at me.  Broke me Gran’s ‘eart, it did, when I up and left but I couldn't stay at ‘ome, it weren’t a ‘ealthy place to be.”  Enid scrubs at her cheek with a grubby hand and sniffs, apparently staring at nothing.
“John…”  Sherlock stops when John shakes his head again. He realises with some surprise that they are still gently moving to the music and their conversation is completely unobserved.  For a while they simply sway to the music, allowing both men time to organise their thoughts.
Sherlock's eyes meet John's and he feels his breath hitch, the lust is now muted and those eyes are overflowing with trust and love. John can't believe that he is allowed to see Sherlock so naked, not just physically but emotionally.  He swallows against the sudden lump in his throat, so many words and emotions wanting to spill over his parted lips but all he can do is slowly lower himself and tenderly kiss Sherlock's lips.  He knows he's never been a man of many words but he's going to try his damnedest to let Sherlock know how he feels.
In support of the statement, Sherlock sighs deeply against John's chest and to all intents and purposes, seems like he is settled for the long haul. The contented silence is broken by the loud rumbling of Sherlock's stomach.
John leads them to a nearby wooden bench, both of them glancing up at the stars from time to time; it is a moonless night and the stars seem to shine extra bright in the cloudless sky.  For a while they sit quietly, simply admiring the beauty of the night, John’s hand warm within Sherlock’s.
It becomes apparent that Sherlock has retrieved both the diary and the hair gems whilst John was in the kitchen when he sees Herr Brün reverently cradling the unwrapped hair gems in his lap and Mycroft flicking through the diary, an elegant eyebrow arched high.
"I think I can concede to that." Sherlock realises he would sound more magnanimous if his voice was not quivering and his pulse had not just kicked up several notches.
He pulls a pair of form-fitting black boxer shorts and a purple pair of socks from his drawer, he’d treated himself to new ones just for
The silence that fell was deafening. Sherlock knew that his chest was heaving, partly from the emotion he had just spent and partly from fear of the reception his words would have.  He had said even more than he had known he felt.  Until he had uttered the words, he had not admitted, even in the safety of his mind palace, how possessive he felt of John,  how much he wanted to be part of him, to consume him.  The want was palpable and it shocked him to his core; he had never before been such a sexual being and the strength of it was unnerving, foreign to him. He watched with wide eyes as John leaned slightly forward and rested his hand lightly on Sherlock's knee, steadily maintaining eye contact.
He remembers meeting the vivacious nurse on her first day on the job at the clinic, she had instantly charmed him with her wit and intelligence and he had agreed to a date with her before her first day was over.
The kiss contains all of the passion and love of before but none of the desperation of their earlier kisses, it breaks slowly, easing in to gentle nips, neither man willing to stop.
“Yes, John.  Time to go and get ready for Mycroft’s party.  His driver will arrive to collect us in an hour.”  Sherlock reluctantly lets John go, before turning and walking to his own room, his mind still reeling from their conversation and his hand tingling from where John had touched him.
John's eyes are soft and warm when they meet Sherlock's gaze. "Yes. Snuggle, Sherlock Holmes. Trust me, you'll love it."
Sherlock could feel the shock of John's admission battling with his arousal, he could feel himself rapidly blinking as he processed the unexpected way things were going. He had expected John to deny he had been there or to say he hadn't seen anything. He had not expected John to react so ..... positively.... to what he had seen.
"You're right," John's voice is intimate but he has kept it clear enough that Sherlock can hear every word.  "I should have answered your message, told you exactly how I felt about the baby.  I'm just finding it much harder than Sherlock is to move past the fact that you shot him."  He holds up a hand, seeking her silence.  "The baby makes it all much simpler, doesn't it? We all need to be in the correct places when she comes along don't we?"
"Coffee?" John stands abruptly from the sofa and walks through to the kitchen before receiving any answers. He searches through the cupboards, locating everything he needs for the coffee making, including a carton of long life milk and a tray. He fills the kettle and switches it on before leaning back on the counter, letting the conversation between Mycroft and Sherlock run back through his mind. It's not really a surprise that Mycroft knows what has happened between him and Sherlock, but the fact that he seems to approve comes as something of a shock. The sound of the kettle whistling draws him from his musings and he quickly puts a tray together before carrying it back through to the living room.
With a deliberate tilt of his head, Sherlock drifts his hands down to his pyjama ties, glorying in the way John's focus switches from his neck to his hands, torn as to which area he wants to look at. Slowly, Sherlock loosens the ties, letting the knot unravel, an unnecessary but enjoyable tease. John's focus is now unwaveringly fixed on Sherlock's hands, his lower lip sucked firmly into his mouth. His upper body unconsciously leaning towards Sherlock and his hands still tightly knotted in the blanket prevent him from reaching out. With a final tug, the drawstring unravels and Sherlock allows his pyjama bottoms to slide down his legs, closing his eyes briefly as the material strokes his skin. Meeting John's enamoured gaze, Sherlock hooks his thumbs into the top of his boxer shorts and starts to push them down, heat flooding his being when John's focus skitters down his body to the slowly revealed stretch of pale skin. Sherlock bends briefly to move the material over the burgeoning swell of his erection before letting the boxers drop to the floor, kicking them to one side. He stands proud before John, exulting in his obvious approval.
He draws their joined hands between them, resting them over his pounding heart, hoping Sherlock can feel it too.
"I chose what I most desire." Sherlock smirks, lowering his voice as he moves his hand to gently cup John through his jeans. "And I believe what you most desire, too."
Despite the rough appearance and speech, a sharp intelligence shines in this man’s eyes and John is reminded strongly of a strung out Sherlock on a dirty mattress before finally placing why this stranger is so familiar.
"That's good then, let me get dressed and I'll dig out some of the cold cases Greg gave me for you or I can help set up your stuff in the kitchen.  It's still too soon for you to be lifting anything heavy."  John swings his legs off the edge of the bed causing Sherlock to salivate when John flicks off the covers.
A black car awaits them and they begin their journey home.  Back to Baker Street to finally start the life that should have been theirs all along.  Sherlock resists holding John's hand until they are safely ensconced in the car, then he gives in to temptation and draws John over to him by linking their fingers together and pulling.  John slides across the seat, laughing, before meeting Sherlock's lips with his own, their actions a secret from the rest of the world thanks to the darkened glass of the car.
"At some point you are going to have to. Stop being so juvenile about it. You've done it before." Sherlock kept his voice light and teasing too, unconsciously mirroring John.
Both men are now lost within each other, each thrust and clench driving them closer to their climax. Sherlock alters his angle slightly and the head of his cock brushes against John's prostate. John arches up and digs his nails in further, certain he will be leaving half moon marks on the white skin. A few well aimed thrusts more and John feels his orgasm barrelling down upon him; he clenches around Sherlock and gasps at the resulting throb. Sherlock's thrusts lose their rhythm and become more frantic, before he suddenly stills and John feels hot pulse after hot pulse surge into his body. Sherlock's eyes are clenched shut and his lips parted, his face an expression of pure bliss and it is that look that pushes John over the edge, his own come pulsing between them, painting stripes over his stomach and up onto his chest.
John picks Rosie up and automatically adjusts her to her usual position on his hip.  Rosie wriggles to escape, crushing her little gauze wings slightly, John doesn't notice their slightly imperfect shape as he carefully descends the stairs to the first floor, not wanting to slip and risk hurting his precious cargo.
"Not hungry, John?" Sherlock is leaning over the small table and looking at John intently, openly stealing a few chips and pieces of chicken.
"I didn't think you cared much for experiments, John." The laughter in Sherlock's voice is evident as he moves to undo John's shirt.
When he finally opens his eyes it is only John he can see, cheeks stained a light dusky pink, a shy smile on his lips.
Frowning, John rubs at the nape of his neck; he knows it's a self-soothing gesture, a fairly useless one, but he's unable to stop. "No. That's not possible. The jewels were inspected by experts, experts from the Austrian government, not ours. They passed all the tests; there was no question of their authenticity."
“If John refuses to press charges, so will I.  I will remove the bullets from evidence.  I will find witnesses that place Mary elsewhere at the times that both John and I were shot.  You will have nothing to go on.  No case.”  Sherlock insists, his face implacable.
John closes his eyes against the sight of Sherlock on his knees, that perfect cupid bow poised and ready,
"Damn! Yes, I, er, thought I'd best try it out. Don't want you showing me up do we?" John grinned up at Sherlock, the delight in his eyes contagious.
"It's possible; nothing is one hundred percent foolproof but we did always use birth control. Went over the top a bit, to be honest, she was on the pill but we also used condoms. Obviously, we'd discussed children but neither of us wanted them, at least, not yet......Possibly at all in my case." John struggles to get the words out, guilt at not wanting to be a father competing with the hope that maybe he wasn't going to be. "We were both stunned she was pregnant, you saw that, but once the shock passed I thought 'Yeah, I can do this', and for a moment it felt amazing. But later I couldn't stop thinking about how it could be possible. We had been so very careful: no slip ups, no diving onto each other in a blind passion." John looks up and meets Sherlock's eye. He squeezes Sherlock's hands and mutters 'sorry', realising how much pain this discussion must be causing the man whose heart lies in his safe-keeping. "I want to say, it's unlikely there's a baby; she did a pregnancy test at work but I never saw the kit, just took her word for it. But she has a baby bump starting to emerge and is suffering terribly with morning sickness."
Mary edges slowly towards John’s bed and Sherlock has to clench his fists in an effort not to grab her and pull her away, only too aware of the damage she is capable of inflicting.  Bloody trigger happy woman.  Sherlock exhales and unclenches his fists, flexing his fingers before moving quietly closer; once there he remains silent, allowing Mary talk to John if she wishes to.
“Miss Allen, step away from Sherlock Holmes.”  An upper class accent with an almost non-existent northern lilt rings true in the silence left behind by Mrs Hudson’s revelations.
As usual the door to their rooms was slightly open and John was surprised to see Sherlock standing by the fireplace. His body was turned away from the door, pale hand resting on the mantelpiece, face angled downward and away from the mirror, only his cheekbones highlighted by the early afternoon light.  Leaning against the doorframe and loosely crossing his arms John allowed his gaze to linger on Sherlock's body, his eyes starting at the floor, admiring the large, elegant feet, currently encased in expensive shoes. He took the time to appreciate the lean form, the way that the tailored suit hid the deceptively strong body underneath, disguising the true strength of the man before him, the cut of the trousers exaggerating Sherlock's long, athletic legs but doing nothing to hide the delicious curve of his arse. John gripped his own arms more firmly as he imagined kneading his fingers into the rounded flesh, of drawing out gasps of intense pleasure from Sherlock. He knew that whatever Sherlock did, he did totally, throwing himself fully into it; he knew instinctively that Sherlock would be the same with sex.  The thought of Sherlock, intent on giving and receiving sexual pleasure, was so powerfully erotic that John felt his body harden in response, his arousal starting to tent his trousers. Continuing to let his eyes travel over Sherlock's body, John admired his trim stomach, no excess flesh marring the smooth lines of the deep plum shirt. John knew from treating Sherlock's wounds that he was deceptively well muscled, and the shirt material was doing nothing to disguise the strength of Sherlock's shoulders, the silk pulled taut across them.  A brief frown clouded John's face as he struggled to keep his thoughts away from the scars that he now knew lay hidden beneath the thin material, a discussion for another time. His gaze leisurely travelled along the pale, long neck, his tongue sweeping slowly over his lower lip as he imagined pressing his lips to the fine skin there, seeking out the pulse point with his tongue.  His fingers tightened again against his arm as he was possessed with the sudden impulse to run his fingers through the dark curls nestling against Sherlock's nape. Almost as if sensing John's presence Sherlock turned, his face finally coming into full light.
"I must say, Doctor Watson," Mycroft's use of his official title leaves little doubt of what is coming next. "I would have thought that
"Mrs Hudson? Could you come up here?"  Sherlock's deep voice drifts down the stairs and Mrs Hudson sighs.  As much as she loves her wayward 'son' she really doesn't fancy walking all the way up stairs merely to make him some tea.
a distracting image) Sherlock. He opens his eyes to see Sherlock smirking at him, fully aware of the effect his words have had.
As he regains the full use of his mental faculties Sherlock becomes even more aware of his physical self and, in particular, the intense pain in his chest.  It’s a tangible reminder of his own healing state.  He keeps his eyes open and fixed upon his brother’s carefully blank face, only Mycroft’s steel blue eyes betray his true emotions.  Sympathy tempered with understanding; an unusual look on him, but not completely unfamiliar to Sherlock.  Slowly, Sherlock wills the tension to leave his body and with it some of his pain begins to disperse. He realises that during his panic he had brought his knees up to his chest and he works now on slowly lowering his legs, wincing when his bare feet hit the cold floor, a shock against his over-heated skin.  A slight feeling of light-headedness is indicative of how close he had been to hyperventilating and Sherlock continues to concentrate on breathing evenly.
John feels the slow meander of Sherlock's gaze like a heated touch on his damp skin, the quirked smile making his heart pound. When at last Sherlock meets his eyes John can see his desire reflected there. "Probably." A slow breath, eyes lingering briefly on John's towel. "Dull, though."
"You must be tired after your day at the hospital though?" Mary queries, her voice light and conversational.
It's obvious Sherlock knows where he is going as he leads them directly to the crime scene. A quiet, semi wooded area, away from the main paths, the bright yellow police tape incongruous with the still-lush grass and late blooming flowers. Donovan sees them as they approach and lifts the tape ready for them to inspect the body. John notes that Sally still has not resorted to name calling, despite being on many cases with Sherlock since his return, and hopes that it will remain that way. Sherlock isn't always easy to work with, John realises this more than most, but he has never been the freak Sally accused him of being.
She had listened avidly to John retelling the events leading up to Sherlock’s fall from grace and his more literal fall from St. Bart’s.
This story is gradually being edited by the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock in preparation for being turned into a podfic! I'm so excited! She is a brilliant beta too!
"Probably not." John's voice matched Sherlock's in its lightness, a sheepish grin now pulling at his lips.  Sherlock watched as John rubbed at the back of his own neck, a nervous habit that belied the light words. "But then you've always told me I'm an idiot so why should I change a habit of a lifetime?"
Sherlock knows what is being asked but wants to delay the inevitable a moment longer, John simply holds his gaze and waits for Sherlock to answer.
"Amazing." It didn't seem to matter how often John saw Sherlock work, he was still in awe of him. The time away from working with him had been hard on them both, and John still couldn't quite believe he was back working on the job he adored, with the man he ..... well, also adored would be truthful. As would admired, loved, wanted, needed. Sherlock's face shows a moment of delight before he turns away to call Lestrade over, checking on any further information regarding the victim. He strides away, slowing briefly to call over his shoulder to John, who follows, apparently without question.
John faltered over the words and Sherlock knew that this was too much for John. John did not like to put his deeper emotions on display, would not talk about them if they inadvertently showed. In that way they were indeed similar. Sherlock had originally chosen not to show any 'soft' emotions, such as love and concern, and John refused to talk about any emotions.  Together both men had been starting to lower their defences and show a more balanced persona. But that had been before The Fall.  Sherlock remained more open even now, his determination to show John how much a better person he could be, fighting with his natural instinct to put up his defensive walls again. John, however, had closed down again. His defensive wall was thicker and stronger than previously.  Only now, after many months of being back and cases forcing them together, had John allowed part of that wall to come down.
John spent the remainder of the morning seeing the few patients he hadn't been able to rearrange.  In the time between patients he had put on his earphones and listened to the Emperor Waltz, swaying along to the music or, in the longer breaks, tracing the steps that Sherlock had shown him, closing his eyes and pretending to hold Sherlock in his arms again. During these times he imagined they were dancing in the correct position but standing much closer together, the dance more intimate.  He could almost feel Sherlock's warm breath over his skin as their bodies rose and fell as they moved across the floor, mirroring each other perfectly, the music flowing over them. The anticipation of dancing with Sherlock again had caused his heart rate to accelerate and the first signs of arousal to appear. John knew he had never wanted someone so much before, he physically ached for Sherlock, every fibre of his being yearned for him. As strong as the physical attraction was, the emotional attraction was more, Sherlock made John want to be more than he had previously been. He made John think quicker, see deeper, move faster and he loved the person he was when he was with Sherlock.  He knew he was a better man because of Sherlock.  He admired him, his quick wit and outstanding intelligence, the way he said what he was thinking, seeing no need for a 'bullshit' filter.  He thought everyone should be more like Sherlock. Not that he'd tell Sherlock that.  He knew that he could also be an arrogant prick and he had no intention of making him more so.
"Erm."  Anderson is hesitant to interrupt whatever is passing between Sherlock and John but his curiosity gets the best of him. "What's fine? Who did you recognise?"  The ever present petulant whine of Anderson's voice causes Sherlock to flinch and clench his fist but, to John's surprise, Sherlock answers calmly enough.
"We're really doing this." It's a statement, but the slight inflection on the last word makes it seem like a question. John clears his throat and makes himself look Sherlock directly in the eye. He may sound nervous but it's not worry for what may happen, it's more the tremor of anticipation.
"Where's your wedding ring?" Sherlock questions. It's obvious that John has taken it off at some point during the day but Sherlock needs for John to tell him why.
I have done a HUGE amount of research into fireflies but I am by no means an expert, so please forgive any glaring errors!
"John?" He keeps his face directed down to where he is picking at his covers, long fingers removing invisible lint.
Her husband smiles and places a tender kiss on her forehead just as the lift opens on the first floor.
Walking closer to what John can only think of as a furniture explosion, he can finally focus on the construction and realises it is a blanket fort and his annoyance at not finding Rosie where he had expected to find her starts to abate.  He realises that the whispering he had been hearing has stopped as he takes the final few steps to what he thinks must be the ‘door’, for want of a better word.  He is just about to call out when he notices two pairs of blue eyes peering up at him, one pair wary, the other pair excited and far too awake for this time of night.  With that, the last of John’s bad mood melts away.
The remainder of the day passed without event. Mrs Hudson popped in again later with freshly made ham and tomato sandwiches, the plates decorated with Sherlock's favourite crisps (she always did know how to tempt his taste buds). This time she didn't stay and eat with them, pleading a prior commitment with Mrs Turner, Sherlock didn't believe her for one moment and was both relieved and disappointed. Relieved because he was on the very last ebb of his reserve of small talk and he didn't want to hurt her feelings by snapping at her. She had gone out of her way for them today and, even if it were only the one time, he was determined to show his appreciation. The disappointment wasn't so easy to clarify; it was a reaction right from the pit of his stomach and took some time to analyse. After much time spent walking the corridors of his mind palace, Sherlock identified the feeling as not being disappointment after all; it was fear. Not the mind-numbing fear he had experienced back in Dartmoor or even the fear he had felt at the hands of his captors in Serbia. It was more akin to the fear he had felt whilst standing on the edge of Bart's roof saying what could have well been his final farewell to John. Once Sherlock had identified what the emotion was, it had been a simple deduction to pinpoint that it was the fear of losing John that he was experiencing, in the relative safety and comfort of his own home.
John would be leaving him soon enough. For Mary. Soon his arms would be full of Mary, his contented sighs breathed into Mary's hair, his firm lips brushing over Mary's. A sudden sob ripped Sherlock from his mind palace, springing  from his chair he looked around for the source of the sobbing and was startled to find he was alone but the weeping sound continued. Touching his fingers to his cheek he was horrified to find it wet, the realisation of just who was crying causing him to crumple to the floor. Curling his long body into the foetal position Sherlock was suddenly overwrought by warring emotions. The depth of them overwhelming him, the last brick in his defensive wall had fallen and now he was drowning.  His body trembling through the sobbing, his hands knotted in his hair, uncaring of the dirt now being ground into his usually immaculate clothing. His usually preternaturally alert senses missed the soft footsteps on the stairs.
As always, John imagined an older Sherlock smiling at him from his chair, his hair threaded through with grey, the pattern of his curls highlighted.  His face gently ageing; the lines on his skin only adding character to a still-handsome face, the laughter lines around his eyes deepening as he raises his face for a loving kiss.
“Tell me who these people are.  For some reason you know.”  Sherlock demands, halting in front of John, well inside his personal space, focus solely on him.
Sherlock’s eyes are gleaming in the low light of the room and John shivers at the mere thought of what Sherlock is implying.
to see.  Worried that any encounter could be the one that takes John away from Baker Street.  Away from him.  Permanently.
“So, no-one?”  The rising colour on John’s face makes it very clear what he is really asking about.  Sex.  And doesn’t it all boil down to that, one way or the other, in the end? Sherlock thinks.
Taking John's hand in a firmer grip, Sherlock tugged on his arm, unsettling his balance and pulling him into a swift turn so that he was fully facing Sherlock.  Sherlock's body flooded with warmth at John's proximity and he closed his eyes momentarily, only coping with the flood of new sensations and information by temporarily removing one of his senses. When he re-opened them it was to see John looking up with him, wonder obvious on his face. The wonky half smile Sherlock loved so much clear to see. Smiling down at John he fought the urge to stroke his free hand down John's cheek. He knew he was at serious risk of overstepping the already blurred boundaries he and John had in their unique friendship.
Sherlock smiles crookedly when John begins to sing whilst washing, glad he has kept the TV volume low.
"I also filmed the sessions, they're all there on the discs." Leaning over, Anderson flicks through the file once more. "These are all the regulars." He points to the first in a series of photographic print-outs. "Where possible I put personal details about them on the back of the sheet. Name, address, marital status; that sort of thing."
"Excellent questions, John." Sherlock allows his gaze to linger on John before looking out of the window. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small, thick notebook. The cover is of dark, unadorned leather, and a quick flick through reveals pages of cramped handwriting, the language Germanic in origin. Tucked into a pocket inside the back cover is a small package - brown paper slightly discoloured with age. "Another one of Empress Elisabeth's notebooks, it seems, to detail the exploits of her children in their adult years. Obviously it doesn't provide the answer as to where Lechner hid the gems, but I do believe it will provide the clue as to
“Oh!”  Sherlock’s eyes widen in realisation, the next second he is standing, pulling John up alongside him.
Sherlock adjusted his position slightly in his chair, aware of music playing softly in the background - some trite song about sentiment and the glory of love, he was sure. Shutting it from his mind, Sherlock returned to his musings. John had done his usual thing and retreated to the known security of tea making, only changing his mind at the request of coffee from Sherlock. Then Sherlock's body had betrayed him; he had fallen asleep and wasted precious time with John. "Damn." The soft utterance unheard in the chaotic room. How could he have given in to sleep? He did remember feeling warm, strangely comfortable lying on the floor and aware of John's reassuring presence. His eyes had drifted shut as he heard John move to the kitchen, the familiar footsteps almost a lullaby.  His dreams now seemed muddled but on the whole he could remember a feeling of deep contentment and John.  John always there, sometimes featuring heavily in his dreams, sometimes just a sense, but there - just within reach.  Until the last dream. The warm presence had gone, he felt cold and alone, frightened. He had been startled awake by the beeping of the microwave and in his sleep-induced confusion, had panicked when he hadn't seen John, calling out automatically, no thought involved in forming the much loved name.
"No." The word is deadly calm and brooks no argument. "That's a lie. I was a doctor in the army Sherlock, I've seen enough wounds meant only to incapacitate and enough designed to kill. She wanted you to die, and she wanted you to do it slowly and painfully. It meant that I wouldn't leave you and catch her, which a shot in the leg would also have done, but mostly it meant that you would most likely bleed out before an ambulance got to you. You would be dead, and I would be none the wiser. Magnussen wouldn't tell me, he'd be true to form and try and hold it against Mary, who would later eliminate him. I would be broken again and Mary would swoop in and try to put me back together again. Except this time I'm not even sure I would have been recognisable as John Watson."
John stands rather awkwardly next to Sherlock as Mrs Hudson takes their photo and then frowns down at the screen.
“You never wear suits.  Unless it’s for a wedding, a funeral, a christening or a court case.” Sherlock lists.  “None of which will be occurring this weekend.”  Sherlock slides in to the car, watching as John gets in behind him.
than an extra pair of hands at a crime scene, someone to praise you and clean up after you.” Mary insists, her voice growing shrill in her anger.  “Even now he means nothing to you.  You're only fucking him because it’s the easy way to keep him.  No effort required on your part, you can just lay there and think of England while he thrusts and groans.”
"We'll take it, thank you." Sherlock's jaw snaps shut so suddenly it clicks. Shock and surprise battle for supremacy before Sherlock is finally able to wrestle his face into something resembling cool indifference. He looks remarkably like Mycroft like that and John bites back a comment.
"John, we have a case! The case of the blogging bridegroom!" John saw the mischievous twinkle in Sherlock's eye and fought hard to keep his composure.
He’ll be fine, a little groggy and a headache, nothing that won’t stop him ‘enjoying’ everything I have planned for him once I’m finished with you.”
Sherlock tilts his head up so he can watch John as he walks away, finally able to be blatant in his appreciation.
A loud hammering at the cottage door pulls both men suddenly from their slumber. John feels as if he travels from sound asleep to wide awake in less than a second, not a feeling he appreciates. Cursing, he untangles himself from a now sulking Sherlock. As he stands, he hears a vindictive, 'Bloody Mycroft!' From Sherlock before he burrows himself back under the duvet.
What other things? Your wedding is only a few months away, this should be at the top of your priority list! - SH
"M..m..mouth."  Warm breath stutters against John's forehead moments before Sherlock pushes down on John's shoulders.
“Nah Missus, don’t disturb the good doctor’s sleep.  I’ve ‘ad worse, sure I will again. If you don't mind I’ll ‘ave a little wash and brush up ‘ere an’ then I’ll be back on me way.  I were shook up more than anything, I’m feeling better already.”  They give a quick grin that reveals a line of dirty yet straight teeth.
"Really, John. If this is all the understanding I can expect from you I'll keep my thoughts to myself."  Sherlock sniffs and strides into the living room, John watches as Sherlock hesitates before lowering himself onto the sofa, eschewing his usual sprawling flop.
"Why? What will that tell us?"  As usual John feels like he is several days behind on the conversation, a quirk of Sherlock's eyebrow is all that it takes to make John realise what Sherlock is looking for.  "Mary? You think she went to these meetings?"
Taking the map, Sherlock opens it and finds their location. Scanning it, he locates the nearest water sources and tells John where they are going to search. Going by the dirt traces on Lechner's shoes and the content of the fireflies' stomachs he is certain they can isolate the precise area tonight. John is not so hopeful; the area is vast but he trusts Sherlock's superior knowledge of what they are looking for and his own skills in getting them back to the cottage later.
"John? I believe you would benefit from learning to dance, after all, it is a traditional part of the after wedding ceremony, but, if you prefer, I will find someone else to teach you." Sherlock bit his lower lip in an unusual show of indecision, his usually eloquent hands stilled and silent.
“Is John going to be OK?”  Lestrade pauses, Sherlock realises he has taken too long to answer when he observes the stricken look on Lestrade’s face. “Christ, it wasn't bad news, was it?”  He clutches at Sherlock’s shoulder, the grip bordering on painful, his distress palpable.
He's so lost in his observation of John's ejaculate that he doesn't hear John re-enter the room and jolts at the touch of a warm, wet cloth against the skin of his stomach.
case, had come up then I would have happily accompanied you on that.  The Work comes first, as it should.”
He wakes hours later to the sound of hushed voices in his room. He remains still, eyes closed, listening to the dulcet tones of John and the more ringing sound of his brother. They appear to be discussing his progress since he regained consciousness and he is debating whether to go back to sleep when Mycroft's voice is raised above the subdued sounds of the conversation.
"Yes. Of course yes!" A choked gasp came as John closed his lips against Sherlock's neck, teeth nipping lightly.
Sherlock allowed the sounds of domesticity to wash over him as he played. Kettle boiling, cups clinking, fridge opening and closing. Never before had such simple noises evoked such a reaction; he could feel the happiness coming off him in waves. He knew that the music he was creating was telling the story of his happiness for all the world to hear. Allowing his eyes to linger a moment more on John, admiring the efficiency of the movements, he noticed how the tension had now left John's body. Closing his eyes he allowed the memory of the last thirty minutes to play again in his mind. He had been bone weary when John had unexpectedly arrived, utterly exhausted from the emotional breakdown of the previous evening. It had drained him completely and then he had spent the whole night examining every interaction with John.  Every look, every gesture, every word unspoken. When dawn had finally arrived Sherlock had been no clearer on how John felt towards him; strong friendship - definitely, but anything more? It had been hard to tell, they had both been too good at throwing up barriers. There had been lingering looks, possible moments of jealousy but Sherlock had reasoned them all away - fascination, attraction to danger and a protective instinct. But now? Now Sherlock knew that there was something more there. When John had reacted with anger at his earlier lack of response - his cool disinterest - Sherlock had known there was something more than a deep friendship. He had studied him, watched him, seen the signs there.  More than just anger.....
John finally makes it home Thursday afternoon and spends a few wonderful hours playing with Rosie whilst Sherlock finishes up with Lestrade.
All he can do in response is breathe in the scent of John’s hair, occasionally pressing a sloppy kiss to his forehead.
Lockedinjohnlock is almost there with her wonderful beta work! I can't praise her enough, words honestly escape me!
"I understand, love.  I'll be there right beside you, nose in the documents except when you need me to make tea, just like the good old days, hey?" John raises Sherlock's hand and presses a gentle kiss to his knuckles. "So, when are we to expect the twazzock then?"
"She's been known to pop by unexpectedly and she's been texting me quite frequently, wanting to know what is happening with Sherlock." She waves her hand at their worried expressions. "Don't worry, I haven't told her anything, just that you were still in hospital and that I wasn't sure when you'd be home." She grins at them, a surprisingly cheeky look gracing her features. "I'm afraid I rather played up the old lady role. Said I wasn't as stable on my feet as I used to be, that my hip wouldn't cope with going up and down the stairs, how it would be a huge help to me if Doctor Watson could stay for a while, just until you were stronger. How I admired her health and fitness and how well she was dealing with her pregnancy and how proud John must be to have such a strong wife who looks after herself when he's needed elsewhere."
"Don't stop, dear god, please don't ever stop." Sherlock groaned out, leaning his forehead against John's, his hand now cradling the shorter man's jaw. John was more than willing to take orders, deftly he slid his hand under the edge of the sheet, following the line of hair down until he reached the base of Sherlock's cock. "You're a fucking tease John Watson!" Watching Sherlock's mouth form the expletive ranked somewhere among John's top five erotic experiences and he was determined to see it again.
They continue to make small-talk until Mrs Hudson starts to yawn discreetly and her eyes grow heavy, she covers her mouth with her hand briefly and blinks sleepily at Enid.
“Where the hell have you been?” His words are sharp, his voice a muted growl. To her credit the nurse doesn't wince or shy away.
John’s words are heartfelt and he is already making moves to get out of bed, his movements still a little slow, still a little shaky.
“You never wear suits.  Unless it’s for a wedding, a funeral, a christening or a court case.” Sherlock lists.  “None of which will be occurring this weekend.”  Sherlock slides in to the car, watching as John gets in behind him.
Sherlock pauses, obviously waiting for a response from their waiter.   (Thank you for your help, .....?")
"No. Not the fire, us. How long will we last? Now that we are ......" Sherlock twirls one agitated hand in the air, his gaze fixed on the blanket on John's lap. "... Whatever it is that we are."
"About bloody time, you're going to look like........" Looking up from his food the words die on John's lips. He is suddenly faced with acres of flushed, pink, extremely bare skin, Sherlock's only concession to modesty is a white fluffy towel secured low around his hips. John licks his lips, his face still upturned as he looks at Sherlock, swallowing against the sudden flood of saliva in his mouth.
They get a taxi with ease from outside the station and John makes idle chatter with the driver whilst Sherlock watches the sights of Brighton sweep by.  The landscape quickly changes from cheerful British seaside to quintessential English countryside.  Their journey through tree lined lanes is surprisingly quick and before long the car is pulling onto a gravelled driveway, the tyres crunching over the stones as the hotel comes into view.
Austrian translated by the fantastic Heyerette (she writes the most wonderful Bagginsheild stuff, go read!)
Sherlock blinks blearily awake, the white light above him coming sharply into focus and causing him to flinch away. This time, only a background level of pain accompanies his awakening and he allows a sigh of relief to escape him. He has no idea how many hours he has been asleep; the room is windowless and there are no clues as to what the time may be. He swallows and is grateful to find that his throat feels vastly improved. Slowly, he allows his glance to glide around his room. Flowers sit on a table by the door: not as many as when he was in hospital the first time around, just three or four carefully selected bouquets. Somehow, they mean far more to him than the overflowing amount had previously. He can see a simple bouquet of yellow and white roses that he deduces are from Molly, a brightly coloured bunch of carnations that are most definitely from Mrs Hudson and a simple shop bought arrangement, presumably from Scotland Yard. Slightly away from the other flowers sits a lone plant, a cactus in full bloom, beautiful and unique. Sherlock ponders it whilst his eyes travel around the rest of the room, finally settling on a sleeping John. A camp bed has been set up alongside Sherlock's hospital bed; far enough away to cause no problems but close enough that John will awaken at the slightest sound. Sherlock knows that the cactus is from John but for the life of him he can't work out why John would buy him such an odd gift. Does he consider Sherlock to be prickly and unapproachable? No, their conversation earlier (yesterday?) disproves that line of thought. Deciding to think more deeply about John's gift, Sherlock tries to adopt his perpetual thinking position. The movement causes his drip line to snag and pull the cannula in the back of his hand and his resulting yelp of pain has John on his feet before Sherlock is even able to blink.
Sherlock flops back in his bed, his face burning with humiliation. Realistically he had known he would have had to have been catheterised, but having John speaking so matter of factly with him about his future toileting requirements whilst his kisses still tingled on Sherlock's lips is mortifying.
The silence that falls between them is only broken by the beep, buzz and whir of the various machines monitoring Sherlock's progress. Despite his hard words John is still carefully holding Sherlock's hand, his thumb gently caressing the palm. His face is an open book and he looks utterly crushed.
“Quite.”  Mycroft concurs.  “As his parents already believe Michael to be dead I have arranged that when he does pass away he will be cremated and his remains flown to America to be placed, covertly, into his existing grave.  The Americans have agreed to meet all costs from this moment forth.”
"I can mean them.  I do mean them.  I will always mean them.  Always."  At John's softly spoken, but heartfelt, words, Sherlock loosens his grip slightly on John's wrists, allowing John to raise himself up until they are resting cheek to cheek.  "Always, Sherlock."  The words are uttered directly into Sherlock's ear.
"That all rather depends on what it is you think you're seeing, John.  If you think you're seeing teddy bears dancing around in pink bloomers I rather think you're imagining things." Sherlock smiles at his own joke before becoming more serious.  "But if what you think you saw was my brother making decided overtures towards Lestrade, I believe you're correct."
For a brief moment John looks almost guilty and he glances away before changing the subject completely.  “What do you want to do this afternoon?  There’s probably no-one here yet that you need to observe and there’s no toddler after my attention; we have a rare moment of free time.  You finished a complicated case recently, so even your brilliant mind could probably cope with an afternoon off. Do you still fancy that walk?”
"That's ok, I'm sure he's just getting nervous about the wedding again. Go and make sure he's coping." Mary angled her face to accept the brief kiss that John swept across her cheekbone, his thoughts already in Baker Street.
"Where the bloody hell have you been Sherlock? Hmmm?" John's voice was dangerously calm; the words steady, only the throat clearing alerted Sherlock to the fact that John Watson was furious.
He allows himself to think about the Mary conundrum. He is still unsure as to precisely why she shot him.  If it had been to protect herself from Magnussen then surely shooting Magnussen would have served her better?  If it had been because she saw Sherlock as some sort of threat to her relationship with John, then she could have killed him at any other point in their relationship and with her skills made it look completely accidental.  It was only once John had seen that Sherlock was capable of some sort of romantic (and therefore, implied, sexual) relationship (one that was ultimately fake) that Mary had taken such extreme action against him.  If it were merely that she was afraid of what he would reveal to John about the secrets that Magnussen held over her then she would only have needed to speak to him, to trust him.  She already knew that he would do anything to keep John happy and safe and if that had meant that John was kept in the dark then he would have done that.  Sherlock briefly wonders if he did the right thing telling John who shot him, then acknowledges that it was absolutely the right thing to do.  John knew that Sherlock was facing his attacker and would have kept worrying the point until he found out the hard way.
Sherlock's gaze travels up John's body to the gunshot wound on his shoulder, it's long-healed now but the damage to flesh is still vividly apparent. Silver scar tissue spirals out from a central scar, evidence of infection taking a hold before treatment was received. Sherlock knows very little about how John came by his wound. He has been able to deduce a little over the years from the way that John held his body and reacted to external stimuli and recently John had told him some of the bare circumstances. Seeing him naked provides Sherlock with the perfect opportunity to discover more, but he understands people are more than the sum of their scars. He is a perfect example after all and doesn't want John to feel that is all he is to Sherlock; another person to read; another case to be solved.
His return to the room is greeted with a warm smile from Mrs. Hudson and the strangely reassuring beeps and buzzes of John’s machines.
Slowly Sherlock massaged shampoo into his hair, allowing the curling tendrils to wrap over his long fingers and savouring the feeling of the suds running over his skin, their warm softness triggering the start of a fantasy. Closing his eyes Sherlock turned his thoughts to John, John's dark blue eyes, the way that he would look at Sherlock sometimes, the hidden invitation there, the one that Sherlock didn't think John was even aware of. John's open face, the way each feeling showed, even if only fleetingly, the way it would crinkle up in thought, in laughter and in anger. The firm lips that were constantly being caressed by his own tongue, the brief smiles and giggles that made Sherlock's heart miss a beat. Slowly he rubbed the shower gel over his wet skin, aware of how his body was already reacting to the thought of John, his nipples hardening, his breathing becoming shallow as his hands caressed his firm body more. He thought of John's still muscular frame, imagining the  muscles that his clothes kept hidden, the way that those muscles would move as John caressed his body.  Sherlock's  large hand grasped his hardening cock and he let his mind drift, imagining it was John's firm grip on him.  John's hand moving with a firm but gentle grip, knowing instinctively how to pleasure Sherlock.  Sherlock shifted his weight in the shower, leaning one hand against the wall, the other still stroking his cock as he allowed himself to become lost in his fantasy.  He could feel John in the shower with him, John's firm lips tracing over his face, kissing and nipping his jawline. His hand entwined with Sherlock's, both intent on giving Sherlock pleasure, his free hand kneading into Sherlock's firm arse, pulling their bodies flush.  Sherlock could feel John's arousal firm against him, its presence sending him further into his fantasy. He could feel John's breath ghosting over his skin as he told Sherlock how he needed him, how he had always needed him, would always need him.  How wonderful he felt in his hand, how he wanted to taste Sherlock, run his tongue over him, into him.
“What are the risks associated with the surgery?”  Sherlock queries, his voice calm, almost disinterested, even though his stomach is a roiling mess of nerves and worry.
Long minutes pass before either man is able to speak, they simply lay together, enjoying the proximity of the other as their sweat slowly cools.
"No. I ate on the plane." Sherlock's voice is distorted slightly and John has to close his eyes against the sudden thought of a naked Sherlock just on the other side of the door.
"And what distracted the great Sherlock Holmes from his mission?" Sherlock can hear the laughter curling into John's voice and it gives him the courage to meet John's warm gaze head on.
"As I've said before, John, the universe is rarely so lazy." The words could easily be taken as a reprimand, but Sherlock's voice, so often cold and calculated, is mellow. He resumes his furious pacing, his coat whipping around his legs with each sudden turn. With one hand he is gesticulating wildly whilst the other is tucked in his trouser pocket. "Our dead diplomat is called Jonas Lechner; he was born here in Vienna. Uninteresting childhood, worked as an intern for the Austrian government, gradually working his way up through the departments until he gained a post in London. He was married, briefly, to Emily White, no children. They separated and filed for divorce after only three months together. She cited his obsessive behaviour on their divorce application."
“I went on a trip to Spain when I was in secondary school, got to see some traditional dance one night, completely blew me away.
"Stop what Mrs Hudson?   You can plainly see I am not doing anything. Or has senility finally caught up with you?" He hated himself for his hurtful words, but he was fighting to regain his balance, his integrity, his distance.
"Hmmm." John prods distractedly at the last piece of broccoli on his plate, his mind obviously playing over the evening's discussions.
"Doctor Watson ....... John..... Forgive me, but are you sure you never had any idea about Ms Morstan's true nature before my brother confronted her?" Mycroft's voice is uncharacteristically soft, the tones carefully modulated but not faked, and it is this, more than anything that has John raising his head from the bed.
"I'm sure. You won't hurt me.  We've shared beds before John, I know for a fact you're not a normally restless sleeper."
Once more, Magnussen trails his fingers through the air just above Sherlock’s hand before turning his attention back to John.
The running water soothes John's body but seems to give his mind free reign. He thinks again over the day. Sherlock had seemed friendly with Doctor Schmidt but he was sure that he could sense more to their history, something deeper than old university buddies meeting up again after a decade and a half.
She works efficiently and before long the dressing is changed and John is resting back on his pillows; his face pale.
"Mary implied that there was a history between you two, a sexual history. And, I must admit, you looked at him like there had been."
"I know I don't really have to explain the procedure to you, John. I'll do as many of the tests as I can immediately and the others I can do over the coming week, I'll let you know the results as soon as possible." Molly prepares John's inner elbow before expertly sliding the needle in, swapping the vacuumed test tubes as they fill. John had expected to feel the needle, for Molly to fumble it slightly, after all, her patients would not complain about pain or sloppiness and he is pleased to be proved wrong. Sherlock is watching the procedure avidly, smirking slightly when he reads John's surprise.
Sherlock is looking out of the window, his body slightly turned as he plays; John just has time to register a deep purple frock coat, beige, well fitting trousers and black knee-high boots before Sherlock turns around to face him, the perfection of his playing falters as he plays a series of wrong notes before stopping completely.
Sherlock draws back a little, a frown forming on the bridge of his previously kissed nose. "My mouth?"
"Tell me," Sherlock rasps, sliding his body out from under John's so that he is upright against the headboard. "Tell me what I would be doing, what you would be feeling, if I were able to do that now."
"I ended up helping the Italian police. Honestly John they are even more useless than Scotland Yard." Sherlock tried to deflect the conversation but John was determined.
Oddly, instead of feeling unpleasant it sends shivers of intense pleasure through John’s body and he moans in response, his head tipped back.
"So, what you're trying to say, Anderson." John queries. "Is that you illegally filmed these weird little meetings of yours and no-one was aware? No-one at all?"
Sherlock studied John, could read the doubt that was written clear in his body language - John thought he knew the answer to why Sherlock had stayed away, he thought Sherlock hadn't wanted to come home, to come back to John.  He couldn't have been further from the truth. Everyday Sherlock had missed John, had longed to come home and everyday it was harder to stay away, harder to give John the space he needed to have the chance at building a life with Mary - a life without him. Sherlock knew that an awkward conversation was on the horizon, a conversation that they needed to have, but years of keeping himself isolated had taken their toll and Sherlock could feel the coils of panic whipping and winding through his system.
Sherlock felt her place her hand on the nape of his neck, the caress motherly, the subsequent words softly spoken. "You have to tell him. He deserves to know."
"That's what all my nightmares are about.  You getting hurt, or killed. Faceless people carrying out their vile threats as I watch, powerless to stop them. An unwilling voyeur in their sick game."  John watched as Sherlock prepared himself mentally to complete his story, somehow knowing that its conclusion was near.  "As time went by my jailers realised they would gain no more than the name 'John' from me and that it was a worthless piece of information without actually knowing my identity.  A new jailer came and he decided that they had been too soft on me.  He hit me with chains or used metal-studded leather whips.  Luckily, I only had to endure this for a short time, a few days at most I think, before Mycroft appeared.  He had used his connections to track me down, posing as some senior officer and he finally got me out of that hell hole.  I was taken to a private facility where the worst of my injuries were tended.  Less than a week later, I was back in London and speaking to you for the first time in two years."
His mobile mouth is spread in an easy smile which Sherlock automatically returns before stretching over to reach inside his bedside cabinet drawer.
John finally gives up, settling in to his much-loved armchair with the report that Greg and Mycroft had left with him. He holds the report in his hands for a long time, eyes unseeing, the paper cold and unfeeling against his fingertips. He can't help thinking how ironic it is that Mary appeared so warm and loving on the surface but he found the 'true her' via a piece of paper and a memory stick. He knows she had intended for him never to look at it, to forgive her without question, that she believed a few well-placed tears and a trembling lip would make him forget that she had tried to kill Sherlock. She had been wrong. Very wrong. John had plugged the memory stick into his computer the first moment he had a chance. Mycroft, in his omniscience, had brought John's computer to the hospital the first night that they knew that Sherlock was out of danger. John had contacted Mycroft soon after and together they had read the scant information that the key had contained. Her real name was given, her country of birth, some school reports and the fact that she had worked for the CIA; nothing that would have made John hate her if she hadn't just tried to murder the only person of any worth in his life. His gaze drifts over to the window and his fist tightens on the paper in his hands. This report contains enough information for John to hate her. A killer, a cold-hearted murderer, who sold her skills to the highest bidder.
"John. Lie back for me." Large, strong hands curl over John's shoulders and ease him back. Sherlock moves with John until John is fully reclined on the rug, Sherlock bracing on his arms, tension apparent throughout his lean frame as he works to keep his body from pressing onto John's. A light sheen of sweat covers his skin and it glimmers in the firelight, his body a flushed dusky pink and his hair is tousled.
“You sound like you admire her.” John grinds out, ignoring the desperate roiling in his stomach and the taste of bile in his mouth.
Sherlock tries to rest on his side but it causes him pain and settles with turning his head towards John, unwilling to have him out of his sight.
“It was your work before you met me, and whilst you were ‘away” and I’m sure it will be your work after I'm gone.”  John looks over to where Sherlock plays with Rosie and is quick enough to notice a flash of pain cross Sherlock’s features. John seeks to reassure Sherlock by sliding out of his chair and joining him on the floor with Rosie. “Not that I'm planning to go anywhere soon.”  John reassures.
As usual huge thanks go out to the fabulous Lockedinjohnlock for her amazing beta skills and also for helping to sort out the lefts and rights in the embrace! It was all far too much for my poor little head to cope with! She is my beta, my thesaurus and my friend.
"I need you to move, Love." The words barely leave his lips when he feels a tentative thrust, even the slight movement is enough to make him groan. It seems the groan is all the encouragement Sherlock requires to begin thrusting in earnest. Each surge of movement wrenches a cry from John and he grabs at Sherlock's arse digging his fingernails into the perfect globes. Sherlock cries out and tugs at John's leg, pulling it further onto his shoulder; the move causes him to slide in deeper and John's pleasured shout mingles with Sherlock's.
"I always want to get my hands on your body, John. The only difference is that now I can." Sherlock huffs into the nape of John's neck.  John shivers at the contact of moist air against his sensitive nerves and snuggles carefully against the warm length of Sherlock at his back.
John pauses, searching for eloquent words to express the depth of emotions he is feeling, he gives up after a fruitless search, his shrug merely moving the already creased bottom sheet.
"Sherlock! Over here!" John removes the package and slowly unwraps it. He can sense Sherlock standing behind him as the hair gems are finally revealed. Both men stare at their haul for a long moment before John wraps them back up, hiding their lustre. "Wow, solved by fireflies!"
"It sounds very serious indeed, and rest assured John, I will take very good care of you whilst you suffer and during your recuperation." Although Sherlock's words are intended to be light-hearted they are no less sincere for that.
I was lucky enough to meet with one of my  readers, and dear friend, the lovely Angel Annunnaki and she introduced me and my daughters to the delights of Mauritian food, heaven on a plate!  Thank you so much, I'm sure that Sherlock would appreciate those delights too!
The night passes quietly and Sherlock and John only wake for the early morning medication call, falling asleep again soon after.
Sherlock leans up on his elbows, his face flushed. He searches John's face, opening and closing his mouth a few times, before finally committing to speaking.
The corridor is cold and dimly lit, a stark reminder of what lies on the other side of the wide doors. John has always found this part of the hospital strangely reassuring, he knows it's more to do with the fact that people like Molly will be there, looking after his body long after any spark of life has left it. It's what he found comforting when he allowed himself to think about Sherlock's 'death' (long after the actual fall but before he had met Mary)! that is was Doctor Molly Hooper who personally took care of Sherlock. Would have cleansed his body, positioned his limbs, sewn up his injuries and rinsed out his curls. John had oscillated between jealousy and gratefulness that she had been the one to care for Sherlock.
"Would you want that?" Sherlock's words are soft, almost hesitant, his lips brushing over John's as he speaks.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open, his back arching violently. "Oh! John! You're going to let me fuck you! Oh god! "
"What do you need, Sherlock?" John is surprised at how calm he sounds, his words only slightly broken and breathless, when inside he is breaking apart at the seams. Lust, love and desire seep out of his every pores ....  all directed at the trembling, flushed and infinitely gorgeous man before him.
Sherlock snaps, realising as the words leave his mouth just how stupid and unfeeling that particular comment was.
"About bloody time, you're going to look like........" Looking up from his food the words die on John's lips. He is suddenly faced with acres of flushed, pink, extremely bare skin, Sherlock's only concession to modesty is a white fluffy towel secured low around his hips. John licks his lips, his face still upturned as he looks at Sherlock, swallowing against the sudden flood of saliva in his mouth.
John breathes out an awkward laugh and lightly dances his fingers over his gunshot wound dressing, before doing the same on the site of his head injury.
“No more hiding.”  Sherlock agrees.  “Tell the press what they need to hear, Lestrade, but keep John’s involvement minimal.  Don't turn him into a victim or a hero; make him human.”  His eyes never leave John’s face, his hand on John’s forearm.
John takes a deep breath and licks his lips, once more linking their hands.  “I think we should find somewhere to sit and talk.  If therapy has taught me anything it is the importance of clear communication.”
Molly is also exceptionally good at calming Rosie down when she throws a rare tantrum, John privately believes she’s so good because of spending so many years with Sherlock - and, he reluctantly admits - himself.  Rosie likes spending time at Molly’s, fussing over her cats and playing dress up;  John has photos on the fridge showing Rosie and Molly dressed as pirates, 1950s gangsters - complete with penciled on moustaches, dinosaurs and his very favourite, Bo-Peep and her big sister and all their sheep.  When John had commented that the sheep looked an awful lot like a bunch of disgruntled cats he had been told by both Rosie and Molly that he’ lacked imagination’ and that they ‘felt sorry’ for him.
For the first time Sherlock sees physical evidence of Gethin’s discomfort with the perceived situation, a simple shift of weight from one to leg to the other, unobservable to others but not Sherlock.
Sherlock groans in reaction to the way that John responds to his every touch, the way that he gives himself over utterly, no restraints, no boundaries. After a few calming breaths Sherlock reapplies himself, carefully moving his fingers until he strokes across a bundle of nerves that causes John to shout and squirm.
Withdrawing his finger slowly Sherlock lines up his middle finger next to his index and gradually increases pressure until both slide inside of John.
“Michael John Arthur Allen will remain at the facility in St. John’s Wood for the rest of his natural life.  A life, I’m afraid to say, that is considerably shorter than we originally believed it would be.  Michael has terminal cancer.  Ms Morstan would have been unaware of its existence as it is a very aggressive strain that has only developed recently.  The current prognosis is that he only has a matter of weeks left to live.”
" 'She'? So you know who it is? And you're only now telling me?" Greg moves so that he is sitting up straight in his chair, arms folded defensively across his chest.
John’s fists are clenched at his side as he fights against his need to reach out and hold Sherlock or to deepen the kiss but he doesn't want to risk spooking him, he understands Sherlock’s need to be in control of this, their first kiss.
"No!" Twin voices ring out, but John hushes Sherlock before continuing to speak. "No, Mycroft. I cannot go back to her after what she did to Sherlock. I won't."
"Nonsense John. You're just over thinking it." Sherlock noticed that John was now moving automatically, his focus on Sherlock's face as they talked.
Again a huge thankyou to everyone! The comments make me so happy.  A special thankyou goes to penguinsofPatagonia, for letting me use her description of how dancing makes her mind feel, it was just so damn perfect for Sherlock I had to have it!
His thoughts must have shown clear on his face as John let out a long, shuddering breath, clearing his throat before moving away from him on the bed.  They both know that soon the tension will break and they will take everything the other has to offer.  Neither wants that moment to be on a hospital bed, and Sherlock knows John is  worried about his still-healing wound; unnecessarily so, in Sherlock's opinion.
Sherlock kisses his way back up John's body, each caress burning into John's over-sensitive skin, causing him to pant and squirm under Sherlock, desperate to feel him closer. What seems like years later in John's addled mind, Sherlock is finally over him, his cock slotted firmly between John's thighs, massaging against John's sensitised balls, rubbing through the lubricant there. He bucks up into Sherlock whilst pulling him down by the nape of his neck, the kiss is crushing and uncoordinated, both men now desperate for deeper contact. Suddenly Sherlock pulls his face away but smooths through John's sweat-soaked hair with one large hand before caressing his cheek. Sherlock is breathing deeply, trying to calm himself, needing to focus.
“I was mentally comprised, Mycroft, you should know better than to take me seriously when I’m high.”
"Yep. My results are back from Molly. All clear." He shifts on the sofa until he can slip his arms around Sherlock's neck. "I'm sure you can deduce what that means then." He breathes a kiss against the full lips offered to him.
"No. No. No. No." He flips each photograph away and John watches as each frozen face flutters to the floor, their expressions unchanging as their fate is summarily announced. Within seconds Sherlock reaches the end of the pile and huffs in frustration before snatching the list of names away from John. "These names are of no use without images, Anderson. We need faces, names are transient things, as changeable as the British summer!"
The kiss continues until the ping of the lift announces their arrival at another floor, Sherlock glances over his shoulder and upon registering the floor number he once again tugs John along by his wrist.
“No, she’s fine.”  John has to admit that Rosie does look very comfortable.  “She kept waking up and wondering if you were home yet.  She fell asleep about an hour ago, just after my fourth rendition of Brahms’ Lullaby.”
One scar, in particular, draws John’s eye: it’s barely more than a slightly raised, shiny, pink ovoid, the legacy of Mary’s bizarre relationship with Sherlock.
Sherlock holds John's gaze, nodding, before slowly moving his face back into John's crotch, inhaling deeply.  John moans and tries to still his hips when Sherlock's fingers hook into the waist of his boxers, easing both jeans and boxers down, inch by teasing inch.  John's gaze is on Sherlock's face, pleasure blatantly apparent there.  It becomes a positive feedback loop, the more desire displayed on Sherlock's face, the more aroused John becomes.   Both men moan when John's cock is finally laid bare.  John at the sensation of Sherlock's heat so close to his naked skin and Sherlock at the sight of John finally revealed.  A bead of pre-ejaculate graces the head of John's cock, before slowly rolling down, causing John to twitch. He bites on his lower lip to hold in a moan as Sherlock's eyes widen briefly at the sight, before unconsciously licking his full lips.  Each inch of skin that is revealed is gifted with either a kiss or soft lick. Only John's cock remains completely untouched. Sherlock helps John to balance, removing the tangled garments from each leg, finally leaving John utterly naked.  Slowly, Sherlock leans back on his heels, allowing his gaze to drift over John's body. John swallows hard.  Although he is the naked one, it is Sherlock who is uncovered, his needs and desires laid exposed to see.  John studies the man before him.  Sherlock's skin glistens with a soft sheen of sweat, cheeks and lips are flushed with colour.  His curls cling to the side of his face, accentuating his unique looks.  John has never seen him looking so beautiful.
