Standing like this, they were all but barely an inch apart.
Tony, more than happy to see the fellow scientist, easily brought him upstairs to his room and showed him the extra labs he built.
At least when his heart broke into a million pieces, he knew they would be by his side.
Instantly, the Chalice filled with a light brown and delightfully hot liquid. Tony poured it into a mug next to it - it was rude to drink from the milk carton, after all - and picked it up.
(...Love was making him so maudlin. He wasn’t sure he was all that troubled by it.)
in your chest as your heart fights for the next pulse.
He sighed, staring down at his overly-large hands -
During their shawarma feast, after he offered rooms in the Tower to nap in once Loki was dealt with, he casually mentioned they had permanent residency in the Tower if they wanted.
It wouldn’t be until after they had just finished another fight with Dr. Doom (who really needed to find a better hobby than just raining robots onto New York; that, or just actually talk to Reed already, really) and Clint made an offhand comment that things started to connect.
It clicked what was wrong when someone in a nurse outfit came in.
Steve had no concept of time, didn't know how old he was or… anything, except the bitter cold of ice.
” Steve snapped out his thoughts, tensing even though logically he knew he wouldn’t be able to do anything from where he was. “Hawkeye? Report!”
Tony watched, still reeling at being called a pet name, let alone ‘honey’, as Steve huffed, so fondly, before slowly walking over to the stunned genius. He gently took the coffee cup out of his hand, before one of those big, warm hands cradled his cheek.
Tony relished it, and made his heart feel all sorts of warm and gooey; even more so than when Rhodey or Pepper did the same thing.
When the elevator dinged, Steve took in a deep breath before stepping out, his nerves making his palm sweat a bit.
No, it was better this way.
Thankfully trying to track down magic space rubik’s cubes with a scientist whose brain Tony just wanted to pick apart was a wonderful distraction from anything that had to do with Mr. All American.
Normally he would never have shown such weakness. But with just his Pokemon (his
Tony had no idea what to say or do.
“So, Cap, Nat set you up for another date tonight, right?”
“Last one there has to tell Hulk and Thor there aren’t any pizza joints or pop-tarts in the Amazon.” And with that, Tony stove straight down, hackling the whole way. Steve sighed and simply stepped into the hole, following his ridiculous husband.
Tony blinked, face heating up even more, as he stared up into warm blue eyes and smiling pink lips.
Hell was someone holding your head underwater till everything started to fade -
But it wasn’t his fault, was it?
“Well… at least I can say I outlasted both the Black Widow and the Winter Soldier this time,” Clint said, giving a proud smile even as he tried to duck a swat from Nat as Sam piped up about also out-surviving them.
, he would recognize the scent -
The Rotom’s face appeared on the screen of the phone, giving Tony an exasperated look. “Sir, if I may, I believe you are overthinking this.”
- as he steered the plane towards the ice.
It was the strangled way he said it that made Tony lift his head more than anything, blinking out of his spiraling thoughts.
Opening his eyes with effort -
“Whatever; Sam, do you have the coins?” Tony said, whipping his to the man, eyes gleaming almost maniacally; ever since they had gotten word of a ‘secret treasure’ Baron Zemo was searching for in ancient temples in the Amazon, Tony’s been extra energetic, especially once he got a hold of the map that lead to the supposed treasure.
“Sir, I’m sure everything will turn out for the better,” he said, voice gentled to the tone he only used when Tony got like this. Tony hunched in on himself, feeling his already frail heart thud painfully in his chest, staring unseeingly down at the love ball. “You’re both an engineer and a professor of the highest regard; I’m of the assurance it will be alright.”
Tony looked up at him, gorgeously disheveled, cheeks still pink and eyes shining with a warmth that made everything right in the world, no matter how awfully sappy that sounded.
As they all finally relaxed in the Quinjet from running around in the Amazon and secret temples all day, with half the team watching the still unconscious - and probably concussed, but who cares - Baron, Clint looked over as Tony, who was snuggled up against an amused Steve’s side, gleefully turning the Chalice over, having Jarvis analyze and document every inch of it.
Tony presses another kiss to the blonde head of hair under his chin as he shifts so they're laying down together side by side in the hospital bed.
"I know you did" Tony replies softly, holding the cup so that Steve can drink from it slowly. "It's okay, we got you out in time; no more Capsicle time for you."
“Whoa, hey easy buddy. It’s just me, you’re safe, okay? We got you out of there” Tony’s voice is warm, quiet, and it curls around his heart protectively, calming his panic and fear immediately.
Another warm laugh, wrapping around him and his heart like a soft, fluffy blanket when he was in the midst of another terrible Heat or down with a horrible cold. “I guess that answered that question, then.”
He smiled, petting Helen’s head when the Alolan Raichu sat next to him, and Jarvis moved to lean on the couch. His smile widened when the tv turned on without prompting, automatically putting on
For the first time since he could remember, Tony was pretty okay with his life.
Tucking his head underneath Steve’s chin, trying to get as much contact as possible, he sighed contentedly as those strong arms wrapped more securely around him. As that steady heart beat pumped in the strong chest he laid against. As that warm voice was felt where his palm lay flat against his chest, that soothing scent all but masking his own softer, Omega scent.
” The weight immediately left, and he felt his heart lift a bit at the familiar whine of the repulsors. Looking up, he watched as Tony came flying down, blasting the Berserker back. It gave Steve the opportunity to throw his shield with all the force he could muster at the weak spot on its neck, easily decapitating it, shooting a few other regular zombies through the head that had gotten too close in the process.
“It means that I love you, you stupid genius.”
After who knows how long, Steve spoke again, but this time he could make out the words, the pain and cold fading a bit with Steve’s super soldier warmth.
He couldn’t put a finger on it, but it was a strange feeling; it might have been that more agents and other people he met in the halls stared at his Tsum more than usual.
The romantic kind.
It was only with the light of the day, when he woke up after relentless nudging from his Tsum, that he realized that he was obviously missing things in his memory. He wasn’t in his room, and he was alone except for a glass of water and a pill on the nightstand beside him.
Snuggling closer, he did just that.
For all that desert days were hot and the nights cold, the caves were always freezing, Tony quickly learned.
He had his closest friends and family in the form of Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy; he had his ‘bots and JARVIS; he was finally making some choices that actually did something
It was only when they pulled away that Tony realized his eyes had closed, and fluttered them open to see Steve looking at him like, like he’s something valuable and important, or something.
“Well, Iron Man, it might have if you hadn’t run off onto your own,” Steve grunted into the mic as he no doubt kicked butt like the hero he was. And if he sounded more than a bit irritated at Tony, well, he had little doubt once they got the Amulet itself he would see it was totally worth it.
, this was
In a pretty good mood, Tony hummed to himself as he pet his wiggling Tsum - ze was extra excited and energetic today, hardly being able to sit still - as Happy drove them to SHIELD HQ for an ‘important meeting’ as Fury termed it; whatever that meant.
Loki) - he relented, turning to the small dish of veggies and vitamin chewables.
Taking a moment to weigh the pros and cons, he mentally shrugged, grabbed the bag right from Sam’s hand - ignoring his indignant “Hey!” - and flew right over to the temple when all the guards’ had weren’t looking.
As the elevator moved, he stared down at the black pokeball, not really seeing it as his mind reeled.
Despite the yelling and fighting noises going on behind him - they would be fine, he was sure - he hummed along to AC/DC as he popped each coin into one of the slots.
Everyone kept leaving, and he always ended up alone.
“Team, update.” he commanded, easily falling back into the role of Captain America. And the Captain was not happy that Iron Man was the only one accounted for.
He knew that from the start. Ironically, however, he wasn’t going to die from alcohol poisoning or from being killed as Iron Man; he was going to die from the thing that was also keeping him alive.
close to having just given in - and smiled at his adorable, stubborn husband.
“I think we should check, one more time. Just to be sure,” he said, smile not leaving even when Tony rolled his eyes good naturedly before leaning up on his tiptoes to give him another kiss.
Humming in thought, he barely noticed the others gathering around and chatting about the hole until a firm arm wrapped around his waist. Looking over, he saw Steve also staring down into the hole.
It was a joke, now, between them; he knew Peggy's Tsum wore a formal dress outfit the female officers wore, knew whoever Peggy’s Soulmate was, they would rock the world together. But even so, it was nice to have something to smile about, at the end.
” Tony cut off, just as the thunderous rumbling of what Steve knew was the sound of a building falling cut through the air. A wounded growl cut through the coms, somehow heard over the loud roar of Steve’s heart, before the coms fell silent.
And Tony suddenly felt… ill, for a lack of a better word. His stomach tightened, and the longer he thought about Steve going on a day with someone else, the unhappier (and more morose) he became.
Steve just had to stand firm against his husband; he’s done it once, he can do it a thousand times.
Outside, the zombies were banging against the weak walls of the bar, their patchy jobs of holing up in the broken building not going to last against the horde much longer, not for the fact that Steve could pick up the distinct grunts of Berserkers closing in.
He didn’t get much sleep last night - memories of whiskey and harsh words, dirty water and a pained chest, betrayal and dying over and over
and Rhodey’s open disdain on how he’s been living his life recently -
It was… warm? And someone was talking… about a baseball game?
Not the way he ever thought his life would lead to, but Steve wouldn’t change it for the world.
“The horde of undead appears to have no end,” Thor harshly said in between grunts, presumably from using his hammer to take out the zombies. The Hulk roared in kind. They both sounded winded, tiredness creeping into their voices, as they all were, not that there were many of them left...
0o0o0o0o0
Helen and Jarvis noticed him first, of course, both giving him a look before leaving the room, leaving a confused Tony behind.
And even as he headed back to the mansion for Christmas break with his now pretty big Tsum draped on his lap, purring happily as he absently pet between the little wings on zir cowl, he couldn't help but wish his honeybear was there, if only to take his mind off of having to talk to Howard.
- anywhere.
For now, he gave a gentle kiss against one of those floppy ears, smiling goofily when it twitched, and carefully carried his precious cargo out to the living room, box of promised fruit in hand.
be a walk in the park… Yeah, and Clint will openly admit that Fairy type Pokemon are better than Flying types.)
He would remember watching the Black Widow hijack one of the aliens’ flying vehicles.
“Well, seems to me like you have it from here.” Tony did startle then, looking up as Fury, who looked almost smug, casually walked over to the door Tony still stood frozen in front of. “I’ll contact you later. Good day, Stark; Captain.”
Of course, waking up was a surprise in and of itself, and if he believed in such things he would have called it a miracle.
(unless you're a child and/or Clint who loved finding the candy-filled eggs) but he was getting ahead of himself.
Like right now.
Steve?
And when Clint and the others started cheering, startling the two of them, but Steve only tightening his arms in embarrassment like he thought Tony would run away, Tony himself laughing giddily about all of it, he thought, well, maybe it was okay to be unsure, it didn’t make him ‘broken’.
- as he gently lifted zir, holding zir in the cradle of his palm while he sat up and tried to make sense of what was happening.
After the Battle of Manhattan, as the media had taken to calling it, was over and done with and clean up began (Tony sponsored the majority of it via the Maria Stark Foundation; and if he donated anonymously large sums of money to other relief charities and organizations? Well, no one but JARVIS needed to know), Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy quickly made their way to check he was okay.
again - before murmuring something soft in the space between them. If asked, he honestly had no idea what he said; he was having a hard time concentrating on anything that wasn’t the warm palm all but stroking his back.
Tony, though it was hard to tell since bunnies didn’t express emotions nearly as well as people did, seemed to be unhappy for a moment before - thank whatever god was listening (
Except it ended up being the same thing all over again; the touching was nice, but when they tried to go further he just honestly felt more and more uncomfortable before he called it quits. But the guy, Tyberius, just kept pushing, not listening at all, and Tony almost fell into a complete panic before he was saved by someone pushing Ty away and taking Tony back to their own dorm to sleep off the awful experience.
A soft nudge against his face made him blink from his thoughts, smiling down at his concerned Tsum. He gently nuzzled against zir soft fluff, taking comfort from zir in the way no one other than a Tsum could give him.
It was safe to say in those first few days, most breaks in between the ‘negotiating’ found Tony cradling his Tsum to his chest, comforting zir as much as ze was trying to comfort him.
He had turned the corner and was sprinting towards the bar at the other end of the decimated street when instincts had him turn and raise his shield, grunting when a large force rammed against him.
and worthwhile for once in his life.
Steve just had to
With Rhodey, there was definitely no romantic feelings at all, he knew that; Rhodey was his brother, through and through. For Pepper, it was almost the same warm feeling, and he still felt it, but it was more like what he felt for Rhodey.
“Tony?”
(He’s threatened him enough times, but he had a feeling the Steel Gym Leader would actually go through with it this time.)
0o0o0o0o0
From the time he was born, he knew something was wrong. Not with his Tsum, no - they were bits of Soul that were there to love and be loved - but with himself, for being born far too late.
, that
He hummed, snuggling closer against Steve’s side when his husband pressed a gentle kiss into his hair. This was the life.
Tony made a cute Easter bunny, after all, and he itched to get his hands on his drawing pad to sketch bunny-Tony… again.
And then… nothing happened.
But Stark men don’t cry -
Not mentioning that Tony wouldn’t mind that nearly as much if he thought he had even half a chance of Steve being interested in dating him…
- so he snuggled in closer, whining softly; his Omega instincts thought that might work, and since he couldn’t really think it might know better than him.
“You guys want shawarma?”
somehow, more warm and encompassing and Tony might have purred but that was fine as long as he got more Steve cuddles.
- as they cradled his tiny Tsum, the almost metallic red and gold face staring back with a curious cheep.
He barely said the words when a loud squeak - two loud squeaks - drowned out his voice.
It was all Bucky’s and Thor’s fault he even has the thing. But, the more he thought about it…
And, well… after a few more weeks of dithering, he decided to try it out. At least only the ‘dating’ bit, anyways.
“Whatever you want, Shellhead.”
He never again tried to go further than touches and maybe a bit of heavy kissing if he was particularly drunk, but most of the time he just brought his ‘dates’ home.
because she knew Howard’s obsession with Captain America would make him latch onto me as legitimate proof he survived. I don’t know if Mama thought she was protecting me, or if she thought it would make Howard neglect her -- though twenty-five years ago, I would have believed the former, no questions -- but she was the only one who knew my soulmarks for a long, long time.”
May 4, 2012
It's so strong a thought, it takes Tony a few moments to realize Steve didn't verbalize it. He eyeballs Steve suspiciously, but all Steve does is smile gently at him, with the wind ruffling his hair.
Is he that transparent?
A little shorter than usual, but I split the chapter in half when it got a bit on the bulky side. The next chapter should be out late tonight or early tomorrow morning as I finish the scenes off and polish it up.
“You scheduled a reminder to begin fabrication of the Mark VIII armor today, as well as implementing Project Rebound. The fabrication facilities at the Culver City installation have sent notification that Captain Rogers’ tactical uniform is complete, and request a fitting in order to attend to potential alterations before it is finalized. As well, Captain Rogers asked me to notify you that he left at seven for his morning run, and he estimates his return to be somewhere around eleven am, as he wishes to do some sketching at a location he discovered yesterday morning. He added that your breakfast is in the warmer, and the coffee is fresh-made.”
to earn their ridiculously overpriced salaries?”
a Phoenix host, but I'm not anymore. When I woke up—”
“Oh, just fucking hilarious,” she says, stirring milk and sugar into the cup and licking the spoon clean. “Raging alcoholics make for sterling entertainment when they’re screeching about who deserves what portion of Great-Granddad’s estate, and what consists of an appropriate lifestyle expenditure. Hint: a gold-plated doggie fountain is not an appropriate lifestyle expenditure.”
“Okay,” he says, rubs his face briskly and straightens his back. “This is not your first amnesia rodeo, Stark. Focus. Last thing I remember is…” He wracks his memory, closing his eyes and combing through his mind to summon the images, the emotions, buried in the backup partition of his mind.
She yawns. “I don’t really care who’s idea it was,” she says. “I just want to sleep for like, a month. I’m the laziest invalid you’ll ever meet. I linger in bed for hangnails and stubbed toes. These bruises should be good for at least thirty days. I'm claiming suffering and damage.”
Bucky smirks and digs into the popcorn again. “Without torture, no science, huh?”
Toni’s eyes dart up, then focus down again. They’re red-rimmed and wet, and tear tracks streak her cheeks. Her voice is shaky. “Eighty-five percent, honey. Home stretch. We’re almost done. Keep talking. Tell me…Tell me about something before the war. Brooklyn, right? You two had an apartment? Tell me about it.”
fought the Red Skull and Hydra and the Germans in World War II.
He arches an eyebrow, wondering when JARVIS had switched his address from Sgt. Barnes to “sir”, figures Toni had something to do with it. “ Hey, J, wouldja mind calling me Bucky or James or something? I mean, you don't have to be so formal with me.”
is going to happen, and she’d much rather prefer a pleasant meal spent playing footsie with Clint than whatever it is this guy’s been coerced -- threatened? blackmailed? -- into. But she forces herself to sit back and say absently, “Yes, that’s fine.”
He learns that they are all just as fucked up as he is.
Phil Coulson doesn’t consider himself a violent man. He’s a reasonable guy, able to think about the big picture while still attending to the little details. He’s capable of violence, of course, because it’s part of his job. But it isn’t his first reaction. He doesn’t reach for his gun the minute things go pear-shaped. He doesn’t panic when an operation goes south. He relies on cool, rational thinking to keep himself and the men and women under his command alive. It’s one of the many reasons he is considered by most of his colleagues to be the best handler SHIELD employs (though he, self-effacing, always says he’s just doing his job to the best of his abilities).
There’s a scroll of information as the program executes. “Running diagnostics now,” JARVIS says, “though my preliminary guess is the fact that you’re currently flying above the world’s largest peat bog in the middle of the local summer.”
Messages await him when he begrudgingly crawls out of bed long enough to glare at the bright sunshine outside his blinds and pour coffee down his throat. He thumbs through them idly as he waits for his smoothie to finish processing, then forgets about his smoothie entirely when a new message arrives from Steve.
He’s saving it all until Hydra’s in his scope.
Jesus Christ.”
Toni’s eyes don’t quite light up like a Christmas tree, but they come pretty damned close. “I think I can find some time,” she drawls, leans back in her chair, drums her fingers against the armrest. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing, though. You’re a cagey bastard, Phil.”
Toni is supposed to be learning etiquette, posture and appropriate presentation with Mrs. Jarvis while Mama entertains Howard's business guests, but Toni is running for the garden as if running for her life. She hates dresses and she hates making sure her shoulders are back and she hates having her hair brushed and she hates the thick creams and powders she’s supposed to know how to use on her face. It feels sluggish and wrong on her skin, and wearing makeup makes her feel like her face is going to crack. The only makeup she can stand to wear is the stick of concealer her mother taught her to use to cover the soulmarks below her collarbones after they manifested six months ago.
“Good morning, JARVIS,” she sings, throwing a fist of victory in the air. It might be a bit premature, but she can’t help it. Even if this is all JARVIS will ever be, she is
His eyes bore into hers. “Your name is Toni.”
over the line, and I’ll grab Toni, and you and I will disappear with her. We’re very good at disappearing. They’d never find us.”
“Sorry, Toni,” Helen says, and adjusts something above Toni’s head. “You’re past the point where the nanites are cleansing your blood. They’ve probably neutralized the painkillers and sedatives now.”
The door squeals loudly, and she pulls it open with gritted teeth and a constant wince. She immediately puts her back to the wall beside the door, knife in hand, alert for anyone to come investigate the noise. After a few minutes, it’s clear no one will.
“Understood, sir.”
he projects, and smirks broadly at the brief flare of panic that crosses Clint's face. “Don't worry, Barton,” he says aloud. “I won't tell anyone what's in your spank bank.”
is just too goddamn much.
Bucky reaches for the paperwork slowly, still bewildered. It’s a form, with the Avengers logo at the top, and in big block letters just underneath it, “Notice of Soulbond Leave of Absence”.  All of the pertinent information has been filled out, except for the date and the signature line.  “But..”
The nurse is waiting in his room with her little wire cart. The pressure cuff is already in her hand. He sullenly sits on the edge of the bed, lets her wrap the cuff around his arm, lets her take his temperature, draw blood, examine his eyes and ears and throat. When she brings out the needle, fills it from a vial of thin, yellowish liquid, he balks. “No, I’m fine, really,” he says, lying through his teeth.
“Nah,” he says with a grin. “Less fun that way. Besides, I did you a favor. Meeting’s in like, fifteen minutes. I saved you from being walked in on by a bunch of suits and assassins.”
“It does, doesn’t it?” Jemma chews on her lip. “What if we have delicate experiments underway, JARVIS? Or if we have something time-sensitive that cannot be interrupted?”
That’s a truly terrifying thought.
moan, begging
“He noticed,” Bucky says at the same time.
Rhodey doesn’t say anything for a long moment, and his hand stills. Finally, he says, “Don’t you have soulmarks, Toni?”
Clint doesn’t yell, or fist his hands or anything remotely threatening. He simply stands there, staring them both down with calm, hard eyes, and says, “I have officially given my last fuck where you two assholes are concerned. I’m very sorry you were mind-controlled. I’m sure it must have sucked Satan’s balls. But this is two for two, and Toni is on the edge of breaking something that can't be fixed. Girl's got a heart the size of the fucking moon, so she's not going to hold anyone but Hydra responsible for what happened.
“Good,” Clint says curtly, and leaves as abruptly as he entered.
“--isn’t really your problem right now.” Bucky reaches out to smooth back her hair from her face. “Yeah, he’s got your mark, but that’s it. Right now, he’s got no hold on you. If I’ve got my etiquette correct, you need to talk to him about this as much as you need to talk to some guy you saw at the gym. I’ll talk to him. You just go...be happy, get some sleep and I’ll see you in the morning.”
Suddenly, Phil understands
Toni takes advantage of the lull, stands up, slides the repulsorless gauntlet back on, and lets the faceplate slide back. Whatever he sees in her face makes him blink in surprise. Toni decides she doesn’t want to know. “Coulson needs him alive,” she says, pointing at the unconscious Sitwell. “That’s your job.”
The hard-light abstracts fade abruptly, and reform into a city neighbourhood, complete with outlines of trash in the alleyways. Clint and Bucky vanish from sight behind an apartment building construct, just as the ceiling access door opens to allow War Machine and Warbird to descend into the room.
The mutants in the bunch have been giving Tony a wide berth since their arrival, but Erik Lehnsherr stands and moves out of the cluster of the in the opposite corner from the Guardians, stopping just shy of standing beside the chair in which Tony is slouched. “As much as you prefer to believe otherwise, Captain Danvers,” he says, folding his arms and choosing to split his glaring time between her and Tony, “you are just as susceptible to jumping to the wrong conclusions as anyone else. You’ve been wrong before. What assurances do any of us have that Stark is not another Dark Phoenix? Another Ulysses Cain?”
dead. She takes a chance while he’s still lifting the shield, hits the emergency release, and yanks herself out of the suit, screaming as broken, jagged metal tears into her flesh but forcing herself rolling over her shoulder and onto her hands and knees. A second later, the shield slices down through the armor and scrapes the floor beneath it.
And then he learns how quickly it can all go so terribly fucked up.
She turns to move back to the table, and an arm snags her around the waist, tugs her solidly into a chest. She may let out a high-pitched, undignified squeal, but she’ll deny it to the end of her days. She also definitely does not flail or slap at the arm, shrieking like a banshee.
“I think your judgements about Stark are off-base. Yes, she's arrogant and impulsive, and it may seem like she sets herself against authority simply because it's there to be railed against, but authority has given her little reason to respect it.”
Steve sighs, and takes the half dozen or so paces to the ragged hole blown in the wall, the edges of which are melted and seared. Distantly, he can see daylight on the other end of the tunnel. He shakes his head, thinking that only Tony could manage this much destruction just after a months-long coma. He turns his attention to the tablet, swiping through the pages of information already collated. “How many bulkheads does this go through?”
She stops, looks over her shoulder, and shrugs. “Now you know everything too.”
There’s a slight hesitation, no more than a nanosecond. Anyone else would miss it. Not Toni. She’s hyperaware of every time JARVIS pauses, stutters, or skips. “Yes, ma’am.”
She isn’t up there very long – or maybe she’s been up there for hours, she doesn’t know. She loses track of time easily when she’s absorbed in circuit diagrams and sketches of sleek housing components – when an itch starts on the right side of her chest. She absently scratches it, then goes back to drawing the delicate whorl of microcircuits intended to revolutionize the personal computing market.
to breathe. He closes his eyes as he gasps in a good, solid lungful of the Moon’s deadly atmosphere, and finds that interestingly (but not really surprisingly), his last thought is to wish Steve was here with him.
“Yeah,” he says, and buries his face in the material, breathing her scent. “I’m still with you.”
From: nromanova@starkindustries.org
“May as well,” she says, padding towards the bathroom.
So yeah. All of that leads to this fic. ISTFG, Marvel. ISTFG.
It is a smart call, probably the smartest call she’s made. But it still hurts something inside her, deep and sharp, to stand at the window ten minutes later, watch Rhodey and Carol shoot off in their armors, watch the quinjet carrying everyone else follow after.
“No. It means a hell of a lot.” Clint lifts his head, finishes his water, watches Tony the whole time. “You need a place to crash?”
Jemma’s forehead creases in thought, an expression he finds particularly endearing. “I should be able to eat lunch with you, Fitz,” she says slowly, “if we eat at one, and stay in the building.” She gives him another apologetic smile, and frees a hand to reach for her tablet. “I’m terribly sorry, darling, but I have very narrow windows today. Let me double-check that.”
“They can try.” Dark promise in that statement, and it sends a frisson of fear and arousal down Natasha’s spine. “In fact, let them try. One
The driver pulls off onto a side street and cruises slowly past houses and into less populated area, industrial warehouses and storage facilities. She’s expecting it, but it still takes her by surprise when one minute, the driver is making a left-hand turn onto a one-way street, and the next three men fling the doors open and drag her kicking and screaming from the back seat.
It takes him a long time to realize that he’s alone, finally alone, his ever-present shadow nowhere to be seen. He frowns and looks back at the partly-open door, sees the agent assigned to him today standing against the far wall, staring down at his cell phone. He’s confused anew by it, because he hasn’t been more than five feet from his guards before, but it eventually dawns on him that religious observances must be held to a different standard, shown a different respect.
Clint eyes him, then smirks. He steps back a pace, pulling the balcony door wider. “Get in before someone has the brilliant idea to take potshots at the flaming turkey in the sky,” he says.
“Nah,” Bucky says with a sudden grin. “You got a nice ass and all, but I don't think you're really my type. I'll leave Toni to fuck you sideways though, if you accept substitutions.”
for fuck’s sake. You
If JARVIS had eyeballs, this would be the perfect moment for an innocent flutter of the lashes. Toni suspects he’s doing the cyber-equivalent. Blinking an emoji, maybe? Something to look into at a later date, anyway.
He blows out a breath, and stares down at the plate, wishing it didn’t seem to be mocking him. “Man up, Barnes,” he mutters to himself. “It’s fuckin’ breakfast. You can handle breakfast.” And deliberately, he pulls the chair out, sits down, and starts to eat.
“I do know it. I'd still like you to explain why you're behaving like a spurned lover right now. You've never been this protective with any of her other people she's taken to her bed. Why is her soulmate so different?”
“One minute, Iron Maiden,” Coulson finally says, when the dots and triangle are practically kissing on the hub. “JARVIS has calculated the most likely vehicle to house any prisoners is the middle. It’s carrying a significantly heavier load, according to his interpretation of how the van’s wheels compare to its escorts’. Your priority is to extract the target as soon as possible, with the least possible injury to either of you. Your secondary priority is the capture of Jasper Sitwell, should be be on-scene, or any other senior agent as I identify them. If this isn’t possible, attempt to obtain any storage devices or tech the rogue agents are carrying. Do you need me to repeat your objectives?”
Which brings him to Steve.
“STRIKE standard escort complement is twelve,” Coulson says over the comm. “You will be looking at three vans, four agents per van. They will have EMP tech available. Are you vulnerable?”
“Too slow, old man,” she taunts, jabbing at his gut with a one-two combination. The punches don’t hit, but she didn’t expect them to, because she wanted to force an opening. When Steve obliges by bending slightly forward, she flows into a twisting scorpion kick, and her instep cracks into his shoulder, and he staggers one step with an
She taps a fingernail on the comm console, debating for a moment before inputting Clint’s cell number and sending it through. She isn’t on strict communications blackout for the operation, but she even if she was, she’d break it for this.
“Fuck,” he breathes, leaning against the wall of the elevator with the side of his arm, his face pressed against the other side of his arm. The panic in his chest is gone, and the doubled star is quiet. There has to be a way to fix this, he thinks, but he’ll be damned if he can come up with it right now.
“Winter is coming, and there must always be a Stark in Manhattan,” she says with a humorless little chuckle, and pushes the double doors open.
, and a mix of surprise and worry washes from him. Then, his face stills, slides to neutrality, slides to something dark and watchful, and he nods once. “Understood. The rest?”
“Precisely, ma’am.”
of guns.”
Set a reminder for me so I don't forget to donate you. Also, see if anything in there can be remote-detonated, will you? Seriously, I hate it when people steal my shit.”
And he leaves Tony in perfect silence to step into the next room and deal with whatever flunky can’t wash his hands without Steve’s direction today.
“I get the feeling,” Fitz says quietly, “that the jog this morning with Colonel Danvers was not an anomaly.”
After a warm bowl of chicken noodle soup and a hot shower, both of which occur with a supremely unamused supersoldier standing over her and glaring to ensure she behaves herself, Toni is dead on her feet. She hits the bed face-first with her hair still wet and the towel still around her body, and is asleep before she can finish bouncing.
It would only be months later, after paying closer attention to how others looked at other people, that he understood.
Tony stayed silent (a rarity), continuing to stare up at him with his large eyes, but something cautiously hopeful entered them, making them seem even more soft and vulnerable.
something as simple as a kiss from his boyfriend was, and Steve savored every bit of it, savored the raucous his team made as they joked around about their ‘high-scores’, all well and alive.
He leaned down, feeling something in him settle when Tony met him halfway for a sweet kiss, the warmth and taste of it more than anything proving to him that they were no longer in that virtual world.
was someone roughly grabbing hold of your Tsum, a very piece of you and your Soulmate’s Soul, and being forced to watch as they threatened to hurt it in no way a Tsum ever should be.
Sad that Steve, amazing, wonderful Steve who honestly deserved so much more than life gave him, was on a date with someone that wasn’t him.
0o0o0o0o0
Curse, because… for all the strength the serum gave him, he wasn’t strong at all. The war, the pain, seeing Bucky captured and
“Fall back! Head back to base!” He commanded in what Tony and a few of the others had affectionately termed as his ‘Captain America Voice’. Confirmations were grunted into the coms, and Steve focused on getting back to the building; he wanted to get there first to clear out any of the undead that may be hanging around there before the wounded and exhausted others did.
Bright light? It was the middle of the night outside, how on earth-
Natasha had sucked in a breath that sounded painful, frozen in her side of the couch. Her grip on the glass of orange juice was lethal.
It didn’t even look like he was breathing.
“I will try, but no promises on the Rhodey part. Come on up now, before he wakes up. We’ve ordered Indian, if Natasha hasn’t inhaled it all”
Go back to the bedroom. Look at the sun for too long, until he’s left with a headache. Go to sleep. Wake up to the dark night sky.
Once again, he’s left alone, silent.
He shuts up the voice that whispers to him “If there even is a later for him” and goes back inside.
“Oh thank God, this is real, God, Tony-” the words spill out of his mouth like a whispered prayer and he can’t stop himself - this is the first time in months that he’s felt truly connected to his heartbeat, that his skin doesn’t feel like a lifeless meat-suit waiting for its soul to return home.
Anyway.
Steve’s mind can’t function properly yet, he knows that, somewhere deep in his subconscious - but he still prefers this outcome to his nightmares, that he is sure of. In this version, Tony is still breathing, still has a chance. Steve can live with being away from him if he at least knows he’s safe, home. He can worry about the rest, like atoning for his ignorance, later.
It pains Steve to take his hands away from his beloved, but he knows it’s for the best. Winning a battle didn’t meant winning the war, and the next one was just about to wake up if he stayed any longer.
Rhodey had stopped by approximately three hours later. Steve, although deep in his slumber, had sensed him before he’d spoken.
“I thought I’d check his room for any leads-” he’d tried to pathetically offer, but Rhodes had just laughed at him in return. That laugh had not been friendly.
He waits until Bruce has come and gone, taking the doctor with him, Pepper is eating dinner with Natasha on another floor, and Rhodey has fallen asleep next to the machines keeping Tony alive, to enter the room.
“Steve, Jesus-’’
“Before you broke his heart and left him defending you all against a hundred and seventeen countries? Or before you drove his father’s shield into his heart?” she asked, and her voice  turned bitter then, tired.
Oh God.
Just him, Scott and Natasha, and Steve’s pretentious mask of detachment and calmness that made his skin itch and burn every time he saw any of them in the halls.
“It doesn’t mean you’re off the hook, Rogers. You’ve…you’ve hurt him a lot, and watching him return like this-”
There was another thing; no matter what had happened to Tony, his health, his looks or psyche, Steve had never been more in love with a person before.
Embarrassed, Steve had flung himself out of the silk sheets and straightened his shirt. He didn’t have to catch his reflection in the mirror to know he was blushing like a stupid child caught with cookie crumbles on his lips.
“Yeah, his bed definitely seems like a good place to start. Well done, Rogers” he’d replied. His eyes were steel inside Steve’s chest, and nothing else had to be said for him to get the message;
God, he had been so stupid.
The smaller figure, the one walking up front, falls to the ground with a thud, revealing a taller, blue person standing behind. Rhodey hugs the hunched down figure while the blue person - a woman, he thinks - helps him up, but he refuses, stays in James’ arms instead. Someone is crying. A sigh of relief, then “you bastard, I told you not to do this again, I told you-”. A laugh. Everyone is suddenly around that smaller person that Steve is feeling magnetically pulled towards, and his vision is blurring even more, but the closer he gets, the more recognizable he seems to Steve;
“I’d let you drive me crazy for eternity if we could just spend it together” he figured later on, lying on his side as his eyes drifted shut. Exhaustion had its limits, too.
The room barely even smelled like Tony anymore. Steve suddenly felt his hands sting. His legs carried him without command, and without even turning his head around to take everything in, indulge in being in his space after years, he fell face - first in the comfortable bed and shut his mind off.
“Tony?”
It went on like that - he'd visit, he'd get ignored, he'd leave - until one day he completely broke down, without even planning on it. He’d sworn himself he’d stay stoic, smart, not turn into a weeping mess. But this was making something primal wake up inside his stomach. The scream he’d let out was probably inhuman to the sound, but he didn’t care. He just wanted him, anything of his - he just needed to pretend.
Steve almost didn’t register it when F.R.I.D.A.Y. finally asked him to calm down in the most detached voice, but opened the doors merely a moment after. All he could hear was his wild heartbeat and the swift motion of the heavy doors sliding open, and there, there he was, at last.
In the compound everything is in a whirlwind kind of motion, after a long time of the atmosphere being stale and cold, like the blood has felt in his veins since everything.
Oops.
As they leave the room, Steve swears he’s being delusional, but he hears the faintest snort. He turns around and finds the man in the white sheets almost smiling, and he’s truly sure he’s lost it.
Steve curses under his breath the same way he prayed every night for this, and walks closer.
She’d been in fucking space, too, looking for him, while Rhodey handled her navigation system from his own lab and fixed her armor up whenever she returned home for maintenance.
This is how all of his nightmares started. A stale, stagnant smell of human skin and lack of oxygen, burning his nostrils and infecting the fresh night air.
Pepper had taken to staring at the floor while he was staring at Tony, still lying peacefully in his bed, and the silence was killing him.
“I wouldn’t ask him to be”
A gentle cough comes by the door, then, and Steve freezes in his tracks. How did he miss the sound of steps, the door opening?
Two more heartbeats. Wait. Two more heartbeats?
“Yeah” Is all that comes out of his mouth, and he curses himself, wishes he could be poetic and romantic, but he simply can’t be smart around a woman like Virginia Potts, or, well, around him.
But there were two heartbeats, two, even if the second one was barely audible.
Fiery brown eyes look straight into his eyes and Steve’s world suddenly stops spinning. It’s standing right in from of him instead.
At least, he thought so. For all that sexuality was something he didn’t understand, romantic feelings were even more so.
He doesn’t remember much of that night: remembers getting wasted -
Running a calming hand down the Tsum’s back - even if he was in constant pain now, didn’t mean he had any right to treat his Tsum badly for it - he absently wondered what the good ol’ Cap would think of him now.
And for the life of him, he couldn’t understand why, especially when Steve made it plenty clear that he enjoyed Tony’s company, too.
“I-” he licked his lips, throat suddenly feeling dry; something in him thrilled when Tony tracked the movement, “I want to tell you something.”
Steve stopped in the doorway of the living room, taking in the scene with a warmth growing in his chest.
Pepper’s legendary patience with him finally worn out -
Of course Loki was to blame - when isn’t he when it comes to stupid pranks like this? - because he thought it would be ‘entertaining with you mortals' tradition of worshiping rabbits that lay eggs every year’. Which, of course, wasn’t it
Then Cap came back from his road trip across the country.
Knowing that he would be in trouble with Cap later didn’t change anything as he hummed, flying up the steep steps to stop in front of the sealed door of the temple at the very top. It had eight notches, and reminded him of a poker table… maybe they could play later… no, focus!
“Steeeve! The door isn’t opening!” Tony whined into the mics.
Steve grunted, pushing back with all the strength he could muster, knocking down the wave of zombies; he knew it wouldn’t last long, already they were struggling to get back up. Wheeling back, he took a moment to grab two of the grenades he had on hand and tossed them at the still downed horde before taking off; a vindictive glee glinted through the tight focus he held at the sound of the explosion behind him, but he didn’t turn around to check how much damage he had done.
Tony had never really bought the whole Soulmates thing, not after finding out that his supposed ‘other half’ was lost, dead, and gone. Made sense; if his other half was dead, then he was half dead to start with, which cleared up a lot of things.
Frowning, Tony put his hands on his hips, tilting his head and having J run an analysis on the door. No, the coins were all pretty snug in there, so why wasn’t it opening?
But then Bucky said how cool it must be to have a robot as a Soulmate, like in the books and radio shows; what if they could shoot lasers? Could see in the dark? Could
“I’m here, sweetheart, shh, I’m right here…” Tony may or may not have whined, snuggling impossibly closer, letting Steve’s deep, warm voice wash over him.
His thoughts were interrupted when the car pulled up in front of the building. Sighing, he waved goodbye to Happy, slipped his sunglasses on, and let his Tsum bound out of the car, following close behind.
He would never admit it, but he was pretty jealous of his best friend, Bucky’s, Soulmate.
Steve was too old and too young - everyone was too old and too young - and a war was waging against an empire that was set on taking over the world.
Just to prove the point, Tony dropped a quick kiss on his lips, delighting in the way Steve just lit up.
Steve paused, squeezing his eyes shut. First Wanda and Hank, then Natasha, Vision, Rhodes, Janet, Bucky, Carol, and
Steve pulled him in closer, and see, this was why Steve was leader, he always had
But, from the way his eyes brightened with a burgeoning hope and simple joy Tony felt growing in his own chest, the warm smile ticking up his mouth…
And, well, he guessed they didn’t want to be the ones who ‘weren’t good enough for Tony Stark’, so the rumors just continued to build.
“Shh, sweetheart, I have you, that’s it.” Something warm gathered him close, and he could feel that awful, cold pain receding just a tiny bit by the contact.
Because of all the things Rhodey did for him, he would always count that the most personal was when, only a few weeks after they met, Rhodey told him about ‘Asexuality’; how it was much more common than he would think. And just as being gay or bi wasn’t being ‘broken’, the same went for being ace.
“Helen? J? What’s-oh, Steve!” Tony said, blinking up at him in surprise, adjusting his glasses. (They were far more adorable than they had any right to be.)
Except it wasn’t cold.
He knew it (for once) and everyone else knew it.
After everything was said and done (Fury and Howard and Natalie/Natasha stabbing him in the neck even if it was to save his life) he and Pepper just… drifted. Tony was never going to give up being Iron Man (he was Iron Man) and Pepper didn’t need the stress on top of being CEO.
Taking a deep breath, he pressed the button on the com that gave him command of everything.
Tony yawned, looking out the window as the New York skyline raced by.
Obviously after three days of little to no sleep and running on nothing but coffee and smoothies, his higher brain functions had stopped working. Or something.
If Tony had said he wasn’t enjoying this it would have been a blatant lie.
It was just… warm, and good, and cozy. Just like cuddling with Steve was like.
Of course, usually said husband wasn’t only three pounds at most, with soft, mousey brown fur, long floppy ears, big brown eyes (okay, he always had those, but
Steve couldn’t help but smile; Tony, who was so sweet and kind, always thinking of others, even when he had been turned into a rabbit via magic.
Once Thor took Loki, the Tesseract, and the Sceptre (that thing was way too dangerous to just keep around, since SHIELD clearly couldn’t be trusted with making sure their things weren’t taken) back to Asgard, the Avengers scattered to the wind.
“...You were saying, Stark?” Nat said, looking incredibly amused and almost vindicated as they all stared where the Master of Evil was now laying flat on the ground, groaning.
Which made no sense - everything was already better; Steve was holding him, wasn’t he? - but sleep sounded like a good idea, so he let himself drift off to the feel of warm hands and a warm heart.
At least, that’s how Tony thought it would go.
“...Do you want to, you know, grab some lunch, or something?” He hesitantly stopped and started, feeling ridiculous and kind of stupid.
“Baron Zemo,” Steve all but growled - which Tony silently swooned at; his Captain America Voice(™) was one of the hottest things - and glared, hands clenched as the villain all but postured right next to the pedestal.
Father had told him often enough how much of a failure and freak of nature he was -
Why wouldn’t it be? It was outdated (Steve liked outdated things), it was stupid and sappy (Steve
“Go to sleep, sweetheart; we’ll talk when you’re better.”
After all, there was no way his Soulmate was a robot, and he wouldn’t stand for anyone saying mean things about them! After all, just ‘cause his Soulmate looked like a weird robot, doesn’t mean they’s actually a 'bot!
Okay, that’s a lie, he would care, he never got to kiss Steve, or go on sappy dates with him, or tell him how much he loves him and wants to be with him forever and longer if possible, please and thanks.
And that, more than anything, was what gripped his heart the most.
“Yeah yeah, got them right here,” Sam said, holding up the clear bag that held the eight, unnecessarily large golden coins they spent a long, painful time in the jungle looking for; something about the temple needing the coins to reach the end of the ‘stairway to heaven’ or whatever.
During movie nights Tony began to sit in one of the arm chairs, effectively ending their cuddle sessions. (...Tony felt cold…)
“You know, it’s kind of funny that the bad guys never check behind the bushes,” Jan pointed out as she peeked through the foliage, watching the guards walk around.
That is, when his mind wasn’t just reduced to a blabbering of
Rhodey was a miracle, and Tony could never figure out what he did to deserve him.
Beside him, Jarvis made a sound that could only be described as a sigh as he moved to hover closer next to him.
“I would love to.”
Because
More than watching Erskine die; more than the atrocities he witnessed humanity inflict on each other; more than losing Bucky.
Probably the same way Rhodey and Pepper saw him, no doubt.
But Steve had the warmest smile on his face, like Tony just gave him the key to life, the universe, and everything, and the way it made Tony’s heart just swell… yeah, Tony was pretty sure this was love.
(He’s been in far more stressful situations, this
Never having been able to meet his Soulmate, knowing that with his death, they would also…
By then he had learned how to wear masks, how to easily slip in with the ‘popular crowd’. So it wasn’t that hard to convince himself, during a party, to give it a go for the first time with a girl he met there.
And rage monsters that were also really brilliant scientists.
Steve laughed, smile finally breaking through.
“Sure, but I do have things I need to do, you know, busy things, and stuff…” Tony trailed off, feeling his face flush at his garbled half-sentences; very smooth. What happened to all his hard earned masks?
He all but buried his face against Steve’s neck, getting lungfuls of that warm scent which yes, this was the best idea yet, should’ve had it sooner. Steve jumped a little, stopping his petting -
Look, trying to get Tony to eat healthier on a normal day was a challenge; when he was turned into an adorable small bunny? Steve honestly would prefer fighting Doombots, any day; easier to do by far.
But… how did he even get here? He and Steve weren’t mates -
After all, for all that Cap was right about him (for all that Natasha was right about that assessment: Iron Man yes, Tony Stark no) there was one thing he was wrong about; if nothing else, even if he lost the suit and his entire wealth, he still had his genius.
"I waited too long last time" Steve agrees, leaning his tired, aching head on Tony's shoulder - and smiling contentedly when he feels the older man's arms come up and encircle him protectively. "I don't want to wait any longer."
He ignores the whimper that escapes his lips as he relaxes back into the plushness of what he now realises are pillows behind him, also ignoring the wetness of his cheeks and the painful stinging behind his eyes.
"Well, it's just as well I'm not going anywhere then, isn't it."
The older man leans back, head tilting slightly to the side - as if the soldier is an engineering puzzle he just can't quite figure out. "Steve-"
A warm hand curls over his stubbly cheek and hushes him softly.
Tony freezes for the briefest of seconds, before softening his lips and relaxing into the kiss - one warm hand coming up and cupping the back of Steve's head. The kiss doesn't last long, but they both part with a smile.
"And I'm saying it's about bloody time, Rogers" he whispers as they pull apart, chuckling as the blonde's blush deepens.
Tony is silent, but his dark brown eyes are slowly dawning with realisation and a fond exasperation.
Without lifting his head, Steve raises an eyebrow. Tony must feel his expression change because he chuckles wryly and pulls him back to look him in the eyes; fond exasperation clear in his expression.
“Steve? Can you hear me?”
The blonde shakes his head weakly, but appears determined to finish - if there was anything his brief time in the ice cage has taught him, it's that he needed to say some things now or risk never being able to say them. "The past few months I've felt more at home than I think I did even back in the forties, even with Bucky or my Ma. And I have you to thank for that, Tony. You've given me a place to live, laugh, to feel loved when I thought everything was gone. You showed me that you cared, even given your past and what you had to deal with growing up. You and Nat and Clint and Bruce and Thor and everyone else have shown me that the 21st century isn't half bad, and that I actually feel like I have a family again."
"Yeah" Steve replies hoarsely, still smiling despite the faint wetness still marring his bright-red cheeks. "That's exactly what I'm saying."
"I thought-" his voice breaks, choking on the tears that threaten to fall. But Tony knows, and he strokes his temple soothingly, passing over a cup of lukewarm water - the billionaire knows he won't take the ice chips.
Tony catches him looking and chuckles to himself, as if knowing exactly what's going through his head at that moment.
"And then Bruce owes both of us ten each" Clint continues, his own grin turning wicked as he shoots out a message on his phone to the other scientist with a photo attached of the scene below them.
His eyes fly open, panic soaring up his throat as he becomes aware with a strangled gasp. He can feel his body start to tremble violently, but with residual cold or fear he’s not sure.
He leans into the touch, savouring the kindness and softness and the safety it brings, a weak hand of his own coming up and encircling the other.
Natasha sighs fondly, rolling her eyes as they turn around and silently make their way back to their own floors.
Steve smiles and closes his eyes and yawns as the lingering exhaustion threatens to take over once more. "I'll always want to hang out with you, Tony" he mutters, settling his head deeper into the crook of the billionaire's neck and sighing as he lets sleep take him once more. "C'se I luv you...."
Or, maybe just one voice. The voice he thought he’d never hear again.
"I guess what I'm trying to say is, thank you. You taught me that it's okay to fall in love again, and, well just thank you. And that maybe I shouldn't wait any more."
Everything around him is soft, comforting. No more is the cold, hard floor of ice under his head and naked back, with its unforgiving harshness. Now, there is something soft under his head, his body is swathed in warm and soft and comfort. There’s no more hum of the ice container, now just a quiet beeping and the only hum is that of hushed voices nearby.
Toni bends nearly double, wheezing and coughing. “We either have the worst luck in the world,” she says, hacking something thick and speckled with black from her lungs.
It’s feeling it all again like it’s the first time, fresh and new and bleeding-edge sharp.
He knows now that Steve doesn’t want a solution, isn’t interested in so much as learning
Steve’s head hangs so low all Toni can see is the top of his hair, thick and fine and so pretty she has the overwhelming urge to bury her hands in the strands and soothe away his aches and fears. “You find her over there,” he whispers, fierce and hopeless, “don’t tell her what she’s got waiting for her back here. She won’t come if you do. She won’t want me, sickly and scrawny as I am. And I can’t wreck it for you, so you just make something up, Buck.”
“Of course, ma’am.”
“Okay,” she whispers, so quietly that she thinks maybe Rhodey didn’t hear her, but then he stops and she knows he did. “But not right now. I can't. I’m not ready.”
“Right now,” Toni says carefully, “he’s my handler. Most of the time, he’s a friend.”
He spares a glance back, then wipes his face with the towel. It’s the blonde woman, the one Bucky said also had a suit of armor Toni made for her. Carol Danvers, Air Force colonel. Drilled-in training wants him to salute, but Steve isn’t in the mood for playing military politics today. “I’m fine,” he says shortly, and unscrews the cap to the water, gulping it down.
Heimdall asked, thin and hollow, as his eyes filmed over and his body drifted away
------
To: sgrogers@starkindustries.org
actually go psychotic.”
“Oh hell yeah, I’m in,” says Carol immediately, and her eyes are pure excitement. “Where’s the pen? I’ll sign right now. Protection detail, investigation services, busting heads, whatever’s needed.”
“No?” he asked, incredulous. “What do you mean, no? The girl is—”
"There's something else you can do for me," she says. "I'm... Carter might have been right, but I’ll cut you if you ever tell her that. I’m not stable right now. Can’t… I can’t trust myself. I need you to call it for me. I need an anchor. JARVIS will give you temporary overrides.”
Disassociate and let said breakfast turn cold - Natasha would devour it anyway, the second she woke up.
Steve didn’t understand at first, but then she pulled him out of bed and dragged him to the bright light-
But he couldn’t stop pretending - not just for her, but because of Colonel James Rhodes, too.
Punching whatever material Tony had used for his bedroom was futile, he understood that now. But God, at the time he’d just been filled with so much rage, hot and bitter and ancient in his DNA structure. His fists had proven to be strong enough to dent the walls, at some point, but not strong enough to not start bleeding, too.
Thankfully, it’s Pepper who breaks the silence with her sigh, turning to look at Tony, too. There was a fondness overtaking her face that Steve had never witnessed up close before. She rests her left hand on top of Tony’s knee, and Steve realizes her hands are shaking.
Have a shower. Fix up breakfast.
At times like these, he was thankful for Natasha by his side, invasion of privacy be damned.
The aircraft touched down as softly as a leaf falling on the autumn ground. Steve could practically feel the electricity in the air though, the way Natasha always held her breath and Rhodes was definitely not hiding his racing one. He could hear everything - that was the serum’s curse.
“Steve, snap out of it”
“When, you mean” she says, and sniffles, her blush covering her cheeks and eyebrows furrowing. Steve nods while cursing himself in his head.
Steve tried to hide his twitching eye or sweating palms, but something in Pepper’s demeanor told him he wasn’t doing a very good job.
Steve is almost scared to run his fingers over Tony’s cheekbones, to feel them gaunt and fragile under his fingertips, but he needs this, before Rhodes wakes up, before someone comes bursting in and their time is over. It’s been so long, so painfully long. He just needs proof that this is still not one of his dreams, that their shot isn’t over just yet.
But Bucky was gone, too. And no one would ever understand like he had.
The man’s hands were delicate and bruised, the veins visible in a sickly kind of manner that Steve hadn’t seen on anyone in years. His face was shrunk, too, yellow, the only things prominent being Tony’s cheekbones and eyes, sporting a dark shade of purple at the hollows.
“You both did things, but not both of you were obviously affected in the same way, and that’s all that matters to the people who love him. You know Rhodes won’t be as forgiving as I am”, she says, and it feels as if she’s testing him.
In those nightmares, he dreamt of Tony, sometimes even alive, and even in his cruelest, most terrifying forms, he was the best company he’d ever hope for from now on.
Fucking bullshit.
Get up at five.
Rhodey dropped by more frequently after that, too, as if he was checking up on his behavior. Pepper had stopped by once, said she needed something from the workshop, and never came back. Lang had come to them a month later, stayed to “figure out a plan”, then visited every now and then as if they were actually going to take any action while half of them were-
“Goddamn it, Tony, you can’t let this be the end of us” he murmured and felt hot tears run down his face. It kind of jolted him out of his reverie because seriously, he thought he’d cried all of his tears by now.
The room was always a shade of dark blue at 5:11 a.m., the same as his suit used to be. He’d grown to hate that suit - but that was nothing new. He’d grown to hate a lot of things since-
