“You said it was complicated but you did it," he continued. "So, surely, that means you know how to proceed already. Perhaps if you tell me about it, it would help. I—I’d like to know more, anyway. I don’t know half of those names you mentioned. Like, who’s Ruby? What’s the mark of Cain? How can purgatory souls be a source of power? For what purpose did you use them?”
They didn’t have better luck in the lobby, however. Through the crowd, which seemed to have grown twice in size since their arrival, neither Sam nor Dean could spot either angels.
“So gallant of you, Dean,” said Castiel, beaming at him. “But as Crowley pointed out, I am already involved in this. And I don’t mind doing my part. Quite frankly, I’m a bit confused as to what he believes I could possibly know. I—nothing I could tell him about the hotel—its employees or guests—is that scandalous. Nothing he could use as leverage, in any case.”
But then it hit him again. He almost felt it up to his throat. Dean dropped whatever he was holding and ran as fast as he could towards the archway.
He swallowed hard and not able to help himself, Gabriel said, as casually as he could master, “And may I ask how exactly did it looked like?”
“It’s too hot,” said Dean. “I bought a few—I thought they’d be fine in the cooler, but I feel like—we should eat those before they melt.”
“I’m just curious. I know you check your phone as if you’re expecting a text from him at any moment. You clearly care for him. But you said yes to a guy who proposed via text. That’s how it happened, right?” Castiel nodded. “I feel like only out-of-this-world spontaneous people would go for that. And I know we just met, but you don’t strike me as the type. But you did it anyway. It must be because you really like him. And I’m just curious to know why.”
His only grievance was that the archive section could solely be navigated via subject matter instead of having the option to explore it chronologically.
“When I heard of the grand news,” he began, speaking slowly, “I thought it was a joke. I honestly thought it was. You, married to Dean Winchester.
They had never spent Christmas apart before. Even when Sam had been away at college. Even when either of them had been in a serious relationship (though that had mostly been Sam’s case, not Dean’s), they had still celebrated the holidays together.
“Exactly. A deal is a deal,” said Sam, “and we’re running out of time. So, I’d like to speak to you before it ends.”
“Gordon Walker. Gordon Walker…” said Castiel as though he was trying to trigger his memory. “Is that—that garage on Creedy Street?”
“Yes, that too. Never saw much of you there, though. It’s almost like they were keeping you in the back. Purposely. Every time I was there.”
Dean had first contemplated the idea of pretending like nothing had changed and letting Samuel (and Sam) believe that he was still working for Gordon.
Partially relieved that Dean was sleeping, Castiel, remaining calm, shifted onto his back and took a deep breath. A few minutes passed, and curiosity got the better of him, he turned his head once more to glance at the man resting next to him.
“It’s already bad and it could get worse. And what about lightning? Here, in the middle of nowhere, it can get dangerous. I really don’t think you should take the chance, Cas.”
When Samuel was fed up with numbers, he then told Dean to return to the desk for now, and that he would ask for his help if things got out of hand.
“Oh,” said Dean, chuckling. “The twins’ business. Of sorts. They—Alicia and Max Banes, they’re Tasha’s twins. She’s the best caterer around. Her kids started expanding a bit, which I have to say, I’m kind of impressed. They even created a local food festival a few years ago. It’s on every weekend in the summer.”
Dean was surprised to learn that, in addition to his usual uniform—which consisted simply of a (nice) black shirt and pants, with a red bowtie—he also had to wear a white shawl collar dinner jacket and gloves.
“Years ago. Sam had just moved back home after law school. Anyway, I was in town with him grabbing a bite for lunch and this kid, who was dressed as an astronaut, came out of nowhere hassling us for candy in the parking lot. I told him we didn’t have any. He insisted. And then I—I may have been kind of a jerk and told him something mean—I had a bad day, I told you. And um, basically he didn’t take it well, because when Sam and I came back out of the restaurant, the car had been trashed with toilet paper and milk.”
She lifted an eyebrow and smiled at the corner of her mouth. She had difficulty buying that one and I can’t blame her.
“Oh my God.” Sam snorted at him. “And you were giving me grievance about mine not being a Christmas movie?”
But keeping a low profile had definitely been Dean’s top priority since he had started his new job, and frequenting certain establishments, such as
of themselves, maybe, but still them. By definition, they should already have all the information needed.
Sam took a deep breath, and as he was readying himself to leave, he spotted Castiel looking at them from the living room. Unbeknownst to Dean, Sam gave him a desolate smile and shyly waved him goodbye before leaving.
Sam froze. Thinking that was rather direct, almost too pushy, he waited a moment, hoping Bela would brush him off. In any case, Sam was severely considering that option himself.
Unsure about what to say, Castiel then headed back to the kitchen when he heard the coffee was no longer brewing. While he didn’t know much about Dean, he at least knew he preferred his coffee black.
Dean and Castiel exchanged one last look. In the end, Castiel would have supported whichever plan Dean would have opted for. But Dean just saw pleading blue eyes staring back at him and knew it was their best option.
As he processed Castiel’s last comment, a look of horror set itself on Dean’s face. “Oh, God. No. I’m—I didn’t mean—fuck. I’m such an idiot. Cas, I didn’t mean you. I—is that why you left?”
Practice hadn’t been as bad as Dean had predicted. It felt long and was the last place he wanted to be that afternoon, but at least he hadn’t been completely out of it like he had been the rest of the week. And running around the field, working out, doing push-ups and just slamming into someone was something he didn’t mind channeling. He welcomed it.
But when he noticed it was Sam calling him, he smiled, mentioned to his employee Mirabel that he would be back shortly and went to his office to take the call.
Castiel waved his hand at him to make him stop. “I was very productive in the last two days. I haven’t gotten around to posting everything I’ve done yet, and I still have a lot to do, but I did good. Enough that I wouldn’t feel bad about doing something else today. And I think I need a break anyway. So, I know that, given the weather, we can’t do much, but I’d be up for some talk over coffee at the very least, if you feel like it?”
He cleared his throat. “Um, well, the main reason why I was calling was because they made allusion to the rules. Like in the email, they were threatening to expose us to be breaking the rules.”
And as Dean watched Gabriel constantly turn his gaze towards Becky and Sam, quite literally keeping an eye on them, what he found particularly interesting was that he saw his own brother do the same.
“Then I told myself that maybe this would be a good thing. If you’d come to the ranch, I’d get know you again. To know the real you, not this person I imagined in my head all these years. Because how in the world could that guy be real, anyway? So, I’d be able to get rid of this idea and see that you were nothing like that.”
Before Sam could react, Dean immediately sat on Gabriel’s left and pressed Castiel to take the seat next to him, thus leaving Sam with the last option: sitting between Becky and Gabriel.
He handed him back his cup and made his way to the door. He put on his boots and his coat, as Gabriel was patiently waiting for him. Sam opened the door and just awkwardly waved at him. But before he left, Gabriel said, “Sam? Can I just say two more things before you leave?”
Gabriel sighed again. He twirled his fork between his fingers for a moment, and then quietly resigned himself to continuing to eat. Surprised that Gabriel gave up that easily, Castiel soon realized that he shouldn’t have counted his blessing too early.
“Yeah. Everyone thought it was weird that he had made the angel a knight, but I always thought it was pretty cool.”
Castiel stared blankly at him for a moment. “Gabe, that—that makes no sense. Why would he—I mean, I—I did sleep in Sam’s room this week, but I certainly didn’t
who gave him a warm welcome nearly the moment stepped into the establishment—a pub that offered an interesting menu and draft selection. Even Mr. Devereaux, the eccentric owner of the local bookshop, a spot that Castiel planned to visit many times in the future, entertained him during a good half hour with interesting theories concerning the consumption of cheese alone.
Without commenting directly on that detail, Castiel asked Dean what he liked the most about these options, and why he had picked them, hoping to confirm his hypothesis. Dean immediately blurted out an incredible amount of information concerning each and every place. From activities they could do, to how delicious the food was supposed to be. His main focus point, however, seemed to lie with the hotels. Their quality of service. How spacious the rooms were. What the hotel offered. Every destination was paired up with a specific hotel, and Castiel rapidly understood that Dean hadn’t chosen a town to visit and then looked up the most appealing place to stay. It had been the other way around. He had chosen the hotels first, and then researched the towns.
Castiel frowned at Dean’s question. “I thought you’d be there. I think you would have really liked it.”
But soon enough, to Dean’s disbelief, a full month had nearly passed since Castiel’s first appearance, which meant that it was time for him to get his provisions and settle once and for all on what to write to Sam.
Dean, relieved, tried to hold down his grin, “Um, that’s so kind of you. Of him. Please, be sure to thank Mr. Davies for his time. I really appreciate his help. But that won’t be necessary anymore.”
Dean pressed on, the voices coming from the entrance became more discernible, and he paused when he finally could see the scene before him.
“As much as I would love nothing more than to disappear with you, I have a tag, Dean. They’ll know where I’ll be.”
So, Dean replied, “Because another position opened up at the last minute and it offered more hours. I gave my name and here we are.”
. He doesn’t have a name and he likes to move around. I hear he’s extravagant but not…you know, living big is boring for him.”
Godstiel dropped what he was holding on the counter and took the seat Deanmon had been occupying a moment ago.
Not sure what Dean had in mind when he had said “private,” Castiel suggested the terrace balcony on the third floor, next to the bar room. Dean liked the idea, so they made their way to Castiel’s favourite spot of the entire hotel. It was generally quiet, particularly this time of year, and Castiel liked the rustic décor with the large plants. It was a little less formal than the other areas in the hotel and he always felt more comfortable there.
Evidently, it had happened before that Castiel had to find a last minute babysitter. To Castiel’s eternal gratitude, Rowena often watched over Jack when she could. Castiel had also relied on the help of Maggie’s parents in the past, but obviously this was no longer an option. Since their departure, quite miraculously, Castiel had managed to dodge such evening emergencies. But it appeared that he had finally run out of luck.
“I’m sorry this happened to you. And making questionable decisions because of shitty circumstances, only to land into more trouble, don't—I get it.”
“I—yes. A friend,” said Dean. And then, trying to follow Castiel’s approach of speaking in codes, he added, “A friend who asked me to spend time with him.”
I know the death of your parents left a hole in you so deep that leaving the ranch at all became problematic for you.
“Dean,” said John softly, “just tell me what happened.” It had been said in such a kind voice that, in that moment, Sam firmly believed John already had a good idea of what was going on. He wasn’t pestering Dean with questions to torment him or to nag a confession out of him. Sam understood he was doing this to liberate him. “Just tell me.”
It was the way Sam had said that made Castiel pause for a moment. But before he could comment on it, he heard Dean yell at his brother, “Bitch!”
, while Dean, who was apparently finding Castiel’s fumbling comical, started chuckling. Desperate to remain unaffected, Castiel said after clearing his throat, “I’m not his boyfriend.” And then added, to clarify, “I’m the roommate.”
One of the assailants, the taller one of the two, then stepped forward. He seized Castiel by the shoulder harshly, and judging by the angle he was twisting his arm, Dean was convinced that the man was jabbing his thumb into Castiel’s injured shoulder.
But when Dean finally came back after dinner, and Castiel waved him hello from his porch, he was only met with a stern look from Dean and a front door slamming unnecessarily loudly.
She wasn’t a doctor, but usually, whenever someone would sustain a major injury at the ranch (which usually was nothing more than broken bones, pulled muscles or a few superficial cuts), she was the one to give a preliminary diagnosis and she had never been wrong so far.
“Oh, yeah? What about this whole bad juju the universe is gonna spit back at us, huh? What are we supposed to make of that?”
The elevator doors opened behind him, and after glimpsing them, Sam asked, “Can it wait? I was just—I have—”
And here it is! The last chapter! WOW. Thank you for reading! I honestly cannot believe I managed to do this. It was really touch and go near the end, I'm not gonna lie, but it's done!
On the contrary, Dean had the sense that Castiel would end up in a very different type of column. Maybe he was being naïve, but only time would tell.
“This pile is the must get. It’s mostly classics because I love those,” he said, pointing at the second largest pile.
Confused, Dean felt his heartbeat increasing at his answer. Trying to keep his hand steady, he handed him the receipt.
“But I didn’t—most of everything I said was obviously the truth, Cas. How I felt about you, but about myself too. You mentioned in your letter how you’d like me to send you a picture of me with my car, a '67 Chevy Impala. I told you before, I know Michael. We know each other. It could have been anyone else. But he knew of one person who owned that car. And it certainly wasn’t him. He showed up at my apartment with the painting and the letter, demanding an explanation. I had no choice but to tell him what I had done. I apologized and begged him to let me tell you. But he—he didn’t agree. He demanded that I cease all contact with you, that I hand over the email address, passwords and any accounts of social media I had used to communicate with you, including the recovery email and my phone. He threatened my job and to even charge me for identity theft if I didn’t.”
Sam: I told you! Dean freaked out just thinking something was going on. And say whatever you want, this wasn’t about me. It’s about you. You and me, or you with someone else, he would have had the same reaction.
“Okay, well, now that I know, you have to promise me something. If anything like this happens, please tell me.”
“There is no room in the basement at the moment,” she said. “Remember, we agreed to let Devereaux use it for storage. His boxes arrived today and it’s quite something. We’ll have make room because I couldn’t even reach the washing machine once all the boxes were in.”
copy. “Unless some things get omitted or skipped over, I might get another one. Maybe. With Castiel turning out to be the little rebel, he’s going to gain so much screen time, I’m worried it will go to his head. If I join, it may help him stay down to earth, you know?”
Dean needed to do something and do something fast. He pulled out his phone from under his desk. His teacher was busy talking to some of the students at the front, so he did what he had to do quickly. He sent a text to Sam to confirm that they’d get a ride home after school, so he’d at least be with them during that time.
The area, which was residential, was a tranquil suburbia. Nothing tricky or suspicious had happened, and Dean remembered their stop being very short, which he was always grateful for. Brief was good. The long visits, the ones during which he would become restless in his seat and start second guessing every noise around him, were the worst.
And once he felt Castiel’s wet tongue on his skin, Dean then leaned back, and kissed him hard on the mouth. As Castiel deepened the kiss, Dean’s knees turned into Jell-O and he let out a loud moan.
But to Dean’s great annoyance, Castiel did nothing about his hair situation and it took him about everything he had to not simply push everyone out of their section for them to be alone.
After Castiel had finished his tale, he sipped quietly from his drink as Balthazar examined all the documents from the envelope.
Every time Castiel had questioned Dean about potential destinations, by making suggestions or directly asking Dean if he had a place he would fancy, Dean, without completely shutting down his ideas, clearly conveyed resistance to the propositions. He insisted that he himself didn’t have any preferences on the account that he had never taken the time to reflect on that matter for years, because the ranch had kept him too busy.
He was also incredibly grateful that while Sam and their friends had made a point of teasing him on many aspects of this event (and the panels in question), they respected his privacy enough by promising to not attend the dreaded panel.
Because there were still a few things to be taken care of with the closure of the store by the time Samuel had to head to Sioux Falls, it was decided that he and Sam would leave, while Dean would oversee the last details and join them on his own within the following week.
“More or less, yes. But it’s trickier than that. Namely because this, here, might not be Mary’s ultimate destination.”
“But—work… Dad, I already feel bad about everything. I don’t want to delay you with that too, please.”
He hadn’t even noticed it. He dashed to the stove and took it off the burner, as he shut it off. “Whistling, Jack. The kettle whistles. Not screaming,” he said, smiling.
Dean fixed the wipers to a lower pace as they soon passed the last few houses within the town limits, which then offered nothing but tall and thick greenery for them to see.
From the moment that Gabriel had showed up, everything else that had followed, Sam had zero complains about.
Castiel, grinning, gently nudged him in his ribs with his elbow. “Stop. It is. You know what I mean.”
“But I still felt like something was missing. It became particularly clear when I began my blog. It was as though people were reminding me daily that there was a problem. Finally, Daphne did us both a service and brought up the issue. We knew where this was heading and I think we were scared of what it meant, so we circled around it. Then, almost by magic, a few days later, I was told to go on a vacation and that’s when we decided to use that opportunity to take some time apart. We were to reflect upon it and make an official decision once I was back from vacation. It sounds like we were being pragmatic, but it’s clear that we were simply prolonging the inevitable. Nonetheless, I agreed. And then, I came here and I met you.”
“I am?” And after a short hesitation, during which he had held his breath, he said, “Why? Why me? Why now?”
Sam let the words sink in. “Okay.” Keeping perfectly still, he felt Gabriel slowly sitting up next to him and observed him easing himself off to the foot of the bed.
It didn’t matter that he had spilled tea all over his lap. It didn’t matter that he was a bit tired from having slept restlessly most of the night due to anxiety. Or that the weather was a weird—and annoying—mixture of rain and snow.
Pulling his covers, as he was about to get back into bed, he heard a strong knock on his door, right before it swung open.
“All right, now, what were we talking about before I got distracted by your super weird—though delicious—pizza?”
They remained silent for a short while. Dean ate his breakfast slowly, even though his appetite had definitely left him, while Sam mulled things over.
It certainly didn’t help either that he felt that his father, who was sitting next to him, was paying particular attention to him that morning.
Lisa stepped in closer. “You are not messing anything up.” She stepped closer again. “So far,” she added, teasing him. The point of their shoes touched, and she held his hands. “But you are acting strange, which makes me question if that’s really what you want.”
His heart had sunk, sadly, when he had seen Castiel and his family leave as the birthday cake was being cut, knowing he had lost his chance.
“It was an accident! I—I didn’t mean to. I’m not even sure how I did it! But, um, anyway, I just—when I saw what happened I, um, left.” Oh. Dean. No.
And while Dean was still worried about his well-being, he gave him a firm nod, put the paper wraps into the bag as well and returned to his seat.
Pursing his lips, Castiel chose his words carefully. “I—while that is obviously relevant, it’s not the only thing that matters. If it were, given our situation, this relationship wouldn’t have been much of a relationship to begin with. We talked for months. About—I shared things with him I’d never shared with anyone else, and that's really something to me.”
Dean didn’t know what to say, but out of fear of exposing himself, he replied, “Pretty sure Cas likes it too. See you tonight, Dad.”
John stirred in his seat. “Is there any left?” Mary nodded, smiling. “I made sure there would be some of those noodles you love so much,” she said, quickly running her fingers through his hair.
“Um, I’m aware discussing it in that fashion beforehand isn’t really—but I don’t want to put you in a position—pun unintended—where you have to hoist yourself, even for a second, or one where you could fall and—”
“Is that really you?” Gabriel asked again, but this time, in an overly dramatic manner. “It’s—it’s been so long! How can I be sure that the face I am gazing upon is really the one of my dearly beloved cousin?”
And soon enough, once Sam seemed reassured that there wasn’t anything wrong with him, as he was being his usual self, they said goodnight and hung up the phone.
He put back the photograph in his wallet and took his spot back, right next to Castiel. Talking about his family suddenly made Dean realize that he knew next to nothing about Castiel. He didn’t have any photographs or memorabilia in his apartment. Nothing indicating something personal about him—save perhaps his love of reading and his appeal for elegant suits. And even then, that wasn’t shedding much light on him.
He believed he had finally reached the point where a day of heavy drinking was the only remedy against his internal turmoil.
The day before, when Dean had joined Lisa at her table, it had nearly been empty and the few people still present had been very nice about giving them some privacy.
Furthermore, when Miss Hanscum would not accept my offer to buy her house, which I had expected, I then tried the next best thing, and unlike her, Mr. Sinclair accepted my offer.
And after a brief reassurance from Dean that, yes, if Jack desired so, Dean would be the one to pick him up the next day—with Whiskey, which was a very important detail—Jack was then feeling better at the idea of staying at his grandparents. Before leaving, once both Dean and Castiel had given him a goodbye hug, Castiel reminded Jack that he could call him if he ever changed his mind as well. Jack nodded, but told his father that he would see him the next day, because Belphegor said they would both be all right. He waved at them, and then followed his grandmother, who had promised him a nice warm hot chocolate made with nougat.
And while Sam gathered that it had been a perfectly sensible approach, as they were both incredibly busy, and that he would much rather converse with Gabriel in person anyway, and this on any subject, it nonetheless had done nothing good for his nerves.
Castiel fought the urge to constantly fidget in his seat, as he felt his anxiety rise by every passing minute. One glance at Dean, who kept rubbing his neck, and Castiel gathered that he was not the only one fretting about their arrival at the ranch.
Gabriel stood up from the bed, but Sam reached out for his arm. “Wait, wait,” he said as gently as he could. “I—I need to explain something. I enjoyed last night too. Very much. And I—but you caught me at a bad time. I just—I’m kinda into someone, but it’s compli—and—” he paused, weighing on his words. “And I—I’m sorry.”
“He’s out back,” said Bobby, who had now stepped into the house as well. “We just handed him into the custody of one of your officers, Sheriff Mills.”
“Dean, come here.” Coaxing on his arm, Castiel managed to pull Dean towards him, so he could rest his head on Castiel’s shoulder.
When it was clear to Dean that Castiel was not in a sharing mood about this subject, he asked another question.
Castiel pursed his lips at him and turned around, scanning the place, desperate for an alternative. “You don’t have a cot or—what about in the office?”
Scanning his face like he was trying to discern a lie, Dean whispered, “How? How can you possibly know this?”
Soon after their meal, while Dean took care of the dishes (which he had insisted on tending to on his own) and then went for a quick shower afterwards, Castiel rested quietly in the living room, reading the rest of his book.
“When I came back home that night…I was so upset. I almost called my brother, Sam, but it was the middle of the night. I knew I just needed to go to sleep and I’d feel better in the morning. But I just felt so awful. And I was also massively drunk. And that’s when I had the stupid idea to go online. And there you were. You had posted a new fan art, inspired by the latest episode of
And with this, the conversation ended there, with Castiel left mulling over Dean’s words, which, unfortunately, were extremely similar to his own reasoning about the issue.
—this is a good idea,” he said, pointing at his phone. “It’s certainly a good start. I might have a few suggestions to really—but you know... this is still pretty good.”
Dean almost laughed. “I don’t think that’s how the world works. And besides, respectfully, I think your presence kinda contradicts that.”
And Castiel reminded me, “And you’re the only one of us who can get to Sam right now. You’re his best chance.”
The most upsetting part concerning this ordeal, however, was that only one glance from Dean would have sufficed to assess that Castiel was in fact not his usual cheery self at all, and that he had spent most of his afternoon looking at Dean with sad eyes at every occasion he had.
He couldn’t bear repeating the afternoon with Lisa, nor the past week’s agony. He needed to get a grip and do something already.
“I’ll help you with that, Sam,” said Castiel, once Jack had also taken a seat. He carefully pulled the edge of Sam’s leg pant to his knee to get a better look at his injury.
It wasn’t until he took hold of his coffee cup for another sip, only to find it empty, that he realized hours had passed and he was now well in the middle of the afternoon already.
Many thoughts came to Dean’s mind following Castiel’s speech. Some surprising in nature to Dean, but he hastily refocused his mind on the very first question he had had since meeting Castiel.
With great misery, Dean turned his head just a smidge, as much as he could in spite of the strap keeping him still. He saw that Castiel, still restrained tightly to his table, was slightly more to the left than he had been before, as if he had tried to free himself and had made the table move in the process.
Dean’s face had remained the same for a long minute, as he was obviously struggling to remain quiet. He cleared his throat, grabbed the cookie cutter and pressed it in the dough. And just as he seemed to be letting it go, he then looked up at Castiel and said, “I just have one question.”
“So, maybe,” mused Gabriel, “the best part is yet to come and letting that writer-prophet type it all down might be worth it after all.”
The problem was that, because of his actions, something unthinkable nearly had happened to him, and if it hadn’t been for Castiel, Dean didn’t dare think where either of them would be right about now.
Dean lifted his hand and tugged on the man’s hair, and making sure to not break eye contact with Castiel, he started to lick the man’s jaw.
And considering the stunt that the Boy King had just pulled, they were most likely far more powerful than they had led on.
“—so, I won’t tell anyone…but I know all about it and this is exciting!” Turning to Gabriel, she asked, “What about you?”
He lost his balance when another quake occurred. Or perhaps due to shock. He glanced up past the archway, once again fearing a snowslide coming his way, but nothing.
“This,” continued Gabriel, “will not get you off the hook, mister. You still need to inform me about—about that
Castiel looked down. Hearing Sam supporting the idea of him and Dean being together to that degree…It was almost enough for him to reconsider Sam’s scheme. Firmly believing that he shouldn’t, however, he then remembered another important detail that Sam wasn’t aware of yet.
Dean nodded once more, ignoring every atom of his being telling him that he should have never accepted this gig.
This is often followed by a serene instant when you think “Okay. That’s that. Can’t really do anything about it. It’s out of my hands and I’m okay with that.”
“I promise to keep my hands, arms and legs inside the vehicle at all time to enjoy the ride,” said Dean in-between giggles.
citizens and Dean was relatively younger than their usual contender. The youngest one, in fact, as he would later know, and that detail had always puzzled him.
Samuel disappeared to the shop again for a few hours once dinner was done, right after he handed Sam his birthday present: a new cell phone.
Unfortunately, something interrupted him. A loud horn was heard, making them both jump. Unfamiliar with the new alarm, Castiel questioningly frowned at Dean. Amused at his confusion, Dean explained, as loudly as he could over the horn, “Mrs. B.” and “Monster radar.”
Castiel: Were planning on coming back soon, I wanted to mention that I might be interested in moving in with you guys.
understand how this specific location, as well as other horrid places, such as Illex and others I don’t even want to name right now, is beyond my reach, even if all I require is information. I can know some things about this place, but not what I deeply necessitate at the moment. Which is extremely frustrating; hence, why I’ve brought you here. Those are my terms. You boys get on that damn station and do what I ask—you two should be somewhat capable—and I will help you in return for your services. I told you what I want. Now’s the part where you voice the pretty favors you both desire.”
But Dean had questioned Castiel if anyone had contacted him about this issue, and once Castiel had told Dean he had avoided his phone and email at all cost, Dean suggested that he should take the time and verify his messages.
And Dean and Castiel were left staring at each other. Finally able to say something to each other. Privately. Ish.
Anael smirked. “This? When you just told me no refunds? This stolen item? Aren’t you guys in enough trouble already without being found with this?”
But as it was nearly impossible to help Castiel right now, he couldn’t fathom how he would be able to change anything from Sioux Falls.
Castiel extended one arm and grabbed one, which was resting on the stool next to the tub. But before he handed it to Dean, he said, “If you turn around, I’ll help with your back and hair.”
Ever still watching Castiel with adoring eyes, Dean took a deep breath, before saying, “As much as I want to end the conversation here, on the fact that we both feel the same, because that’s enough to make my year, and that all I want to do now is kiss you, I have—before that, I have to ask—there’s—um—”
With Dean’s legs wrapped around him again, Castiel, with one hand holding him firmly on his side and the other close to his ass, then lifted Dean from the desk and started walking towards the bed.
" said Sam, exasperated. “Dean, it’s just—you are telling me that it wouldn’t bother you if you were in his position?”
Once back home, the rest of the evening flew by. After a small cookie treat, Castiel let Jack open one present before going to bed, as they typically did on Christmas Eve, which warranted him a cheer of joy once Jack unwrapped a Star Wars coloring book.
“In a totally unrelated matter,” said Gabriel, returning to his usual playful tone, “Cas, I know you hadn’t made much progress last week, but any development with your search for Dad since then?”
One look at Castiel, who seemed as confused with their new surroundings as he was, however, told Dean otherwise.
“Boys,” said Mary, “your father asked you a question. And I would like to know as well. Where is Castiel?”
His breaking voice was absolutely not convincing. That was when Castiel noticed small tears were rolling down his face.
Snow was falling and he took a moment to stretch his legs, filling his lungs with the fresh air, and admired the white scenery surrounding him while pilot Lafitte was tending to the plane. With the ground untouched but by fluffy snow and tall, thick trees all around, the view reminded him of photographs he used to attempt to replicate when he had begun painting.
Eventually, a few of Donna’s coworkers, Ash, Garth, Pamela and Bobby, joined their table. Castiel was pleased to be able to interact with workers of the ranch. It offered him a good sense of the work place. He felt encouraged hearing Henry’s employees state how much they would miss him and what the place meant to them. He visually kept track of where Dean was in the room, verifying he wasn’t in dire need of assistance, but Dean was busy speaking with numerous people and he didn’t seem in distress. In fact, he seemed relatively relaxed and in deep discussion with most people.
That was what Dean thought when he let go of Castiel’s hand, after another police car rushed down the street.
When they finished loading up the car, Bobby and Donna arrived to tell them goodbye, wishing them a good trip, and also to admire Baby.
But after some time, Castiel wasn’t so sure that was the main issue after all. Dean was constantly in a bad mood whenever Mr. Adler would show up at the ranch. What particularly alarmed Castiel about Mr. Adler’s visits, however, was that Dean always made a point that Castiel would be extremely busy and far away from the main building whenever the man would show up.
Also, I forgot to say last time, you can follow me on tumblr if that's still a thing (lol). I mostly ramble about writing and spn, as well as other fandoms.
“No, I’m not done with you.” Delicately, he helped Dean reposition himself, and soon enough, Dean, still on his lap, was facing him this time and had his legs wrapped around him. And the moment Castiel assessed that Dean was comfortable, he urgently kissed him, pressing his soft lips on his.
And despite Naomi’s warning, Gabriel had proven to be very attentive to Mary’s instructions and was actually a great help.
Castiel smirked, tilted his head, and before sinking himself into the warm and soothing water, he said, “Suit yourself. You don’t know what you’re missing.”
Dean, totally confused about everything, was looking at us like we were nuts. The soldiers were slowly advancing, cornering us.
“No disrespect intended, of course. Simply an observation. The late Mr. Winchester tried to help Mr. Novak’s company. That was part of the reason why I’m here, today, because unlike the rest of the world, Henry was ready to overlook that association. Because he cared about Charles Novak. But that got him, and everyone else who knew him, into really deep waters. The only reason why he managed to rise above it was because he was
Castiel was fully aware that despite his brother’s relatively calm appearance, he was positively boiling inside. He had witnessed Michael’s temper to its fullest in the past, and while he had grown to cope with his vile attitude, he didn’t wish to subject Dean to it.
The real task, as it turned out, was to help Dean reach their apartment, which was situated on the second-floor of the building.
Dean decided that wearing his t-shirt might not be entirely necessary in that moment. Staying shirtless in front of Castiel was, in fact, a much better idea.
Although he thought he had done a pretty good job in not completely losing his mind and hiding his discomfort, the silent looks that Samuel shot him suggested otherwise.
After hearing only a few notes of the opening sequence, Gabriel lowered his hands and stared at the screen, amused. “Wait, that’s your favourite Christmas movie?”
Dean tried the most he could to not show any indication that her last comment about Castiel puzzled him. He kept a straight face and fought his urge to glance at Castiel.
“No, no. I want to go. I need to do this. This,” he said, gesturing at himself, “is a pretty big indication that I need to do this. I’ll be okay, I swear.”
“The thing is—” began saying Castiel, but having a change of heart, he bit his lips and did not finish his sentence.
Castiel immediately wrapped his arms around him and Dean let him do it this time. Resting his head on his shoulder, Dean let out shallow breaths. He clutched onto Castiel tightly, while Castiel was rubbing his back, hoping it would soothe him.
“Yup,” said Dean proudly, taking hold of the pair of gold boxers with printed mistletoe. “That was last year’s present. As a joke, but still.”
Dean turned his focus to Castiel and studied him for a moment. He then put down his fork and left the table for the kitchen, where he opened a drawer and retrieved papers. Once back at the table, he handed Castiel a few pamphlets.
Stunned, he said, “Thank you.” He paused a moment and then added, “May I ask what is happening on Thursday?”
“He’s mad, but…I think we freaked him out. There’s probably a massive lecture waiting for you downstairs, make no mistake, but I think this time it’s different.”
Dean thought for a moment, and then asked, “What about before Hannah? Dating, I mean. Like when you were in high school and stuff.”
And when Castiel assessed that Dean wouldn’t act on it, he said in a defeated tone, “Okay, then. I was wrong. I’m sorry.” He let go of Dean’s hand, gave him a sad look and backed away from him.
“You’re right,” he said, sighing. “But I feel like I’ll be more at ease with a bit of the workload taken care of. I’m not sure why, but people tend to write more as the weekend approaches. So, that way I’ll certainly stress less about it and be able to enjoy Sunday freely.”
“Good? So, to move this along, you two are to go on your first drive tonight. A trial run if you will. Nothing too complicated. Just to make it official.”
“It’s okay, Dean. I get it. I promise I won’t say anything to Samuel. About the car, Cas or anything that happened yesterday.” Sam breathed deeply. “What am I supposed to say though? What happened when we came back home last night?”
“The BMoL have a certain agreement with Crowley. We scratch his back and he scratches ours,” he said. “I can explain how to change the settings and you can go anywhere you like.”
“Yes. For now. But you know you can’t run forever. While most people will not know the difference, many know that you are not James Novak.” She brushed her finger just below the cut on his cheek. The one the assassin at the club had given him. “And some have already acted upon that knowledge.”
Castiel lifted an eyebrow and unwrapped the box and was pleasantly surprised to find the complete collection of Hugh Lofting’s
“If she asks to speak with you, I’ll let you know, but I doubt she will. And you shouldn’t have to. This isn’t your fault, Dean.”
Castiel had forgotten himself for a moment and had acted rashly, which was something he rarely did. And for good reason, especially considering what had happened the last time he had done so...
“Why are you still sitting here with me? You know this girl likes you, right? Like, she’s not being subtle at all. Like not even a little.”
“That’s why I let—let you go,” he whispered. “But I had every intention of getting you back. Of making sure you could come back.”
Jumping to his feet, he extended his arm and shook his hand. With nobody else around, he joined Henry Winchester on the other side of the desk.
“As much as I’d hate to see that happen,” said Dean, “you are on your vacation too, Cas. You’re allowed to take a break. That’s the whole point, ain’t it?”
He was still in bed under the bed covers, but his eyes were wide open and his back was leaning against the headboard.
“It’s, um, it’s just…like you mentioned earlier, the place is really calm and I’m used to it. And that’s how I like it. I know I overreacted with you, but people who come here usually don’t seem to appreciate the vibe of this place. They certainly don’t hold much respect for it, anyway. I have no idea why, but it’s like that, once they realize how peaceful it is, they think it means that nobody is around and that supposedly grants them the right to be as loud as they want, even though I’m obviously right there next to them. Now, if I’d be like old Sinclair, living
Since he wasn’t supposed to arrive at Fairbanks until late into the night anyway, which would have been hours from now, Castiel deduced that, at the very least, Michael still had plenty of time to learn about his new scheduled arrival.
Fat chance at that, thought Dean. His hair was in a disarray, his shirt was put on backwards, and even if that wouldn’t be a major indicator, one look at his face and it was very clear what Castiel had been doing five seconds ago.
“And he couldn’t fire me, either. I knew too much. That’s when Zachariah offered me the job. He promised that the situation with Gordon would be fixed, but it did nothing.”
“The land was owned by the same family. I think I remember my grandfather telling me that it was two siblings who had purchased the land. It got passed down to their kids, and so on, and eventually, the extended families weren’t close anymore so they sold it. But anyway, even if the other seven houses would be closer, it would still be very quiet. Beside old Sinclair, all cooped up across the lake, I’m the only one living here year long.”
But Castiel never knew why that was his lucky day as this guy pretty much dropped on the floor, dead, right next to his victim. Déjà vu.
This, along with his dreams, which were still increasing in number and intensity, and Christmas, were all clear indicators that abstinence was getting to his brain.
After some time, Rufus and Garth requested Dean’s attention, so Castiel decided to find Donna, Sam and Jessica. Still where he had last seen them, Castiel saw Sam talking to Bobby at the bar, while Jessica was seated at a table with Donna near them, laughing and eating dessert.
“We do this here. In the midst of all this. While participating. And you’ll have the duration of this event to convince me.”
And even though Dean knew of the changes, he was surprised how finding himself inside the home was very different than what he had expected.
“I—then, why did you just—Dean,” Castiel said, trying to resist Dean’s pull. “You just told me you fixed—that you talked things out with her!” He hadn’t yelled, knowing they would be in trouble if Mary overheard them, but his words had been expressed with more snappiness than he had intended.
“No idea,” said Dean, shaking his head, “and that’s why I called Sam. To find out if there was a way they could prove it. Technically, they can’t but—”
went for midnight swims, but they usually grew tired of it after the first few nights. It wasn’t very difficult to know as they were rarely
And Dean certainly didn’t want to get in the way of that progress, as he was eager to read his newest answers.
Once Gabriel received his plate of pancakes (Sam and Castiel opted to stick to hot cocoa as not to spoil their dinner), the Novak brothers spent the next hour amusing Sam with crazy stories about their family, some of which had occurred in that very booth. Like the time Gabriel and Lucifer had an eating contest a few years back. “I won!” said Gabriel, proudly, to which Castiel felt the need to add, “It was a very disturbing thing to witness.” They told him of the time when Lucifer had mysteriously high-jacked all of Michael’s food and had managed to add weird ingredients to it, such as garlic in his waffles, and lemon and lime in his coffee. He even had added chili powder instead of cinnamon on his French toasts—which had been Gabriel’s favourite. They still, to this day, had no idea how he had succeeded at such an accomplishment.
He knew Benny wouldn’t have asked too many questions, but Dean decided against it. He concluded that it might put Benny on certain people’s radar, and the last thing Dean wanted was to create trouble for someone who was trying to help him.
panicked. And my ex, he—anyway. That’s not important right now. The point is that I was wrong. I wanted us, you and me, to be a good idea because that’s what I thought I needed. But even if last night wouldn’t have happened, I don’t think we would have made it very far. And that would have been my fault. So, like I said, it’s not all on you. You are still so
Then Garth moved on to other news. Bobby Singer had apparently returned to business with Rufus Turner—for the fourth time—and Aaron Bass had taken over his grandfather’s practice. The Avila siblings were Missouri Mosley’s new apprentices. And none other than Jo Harvelle had turned down a suitor, the second this year, a young man from two villages over, and many people had been talking.
“Yes. Go have a shower and all that. I have a few things that still need looking after here.” He then lifted his hand in protest as Castiel was about to ask if he needed help. “I got it under control. I swear.” Castiel still didn’t move, unconvinced that this was fair, which then prompted Dean to finally add, “You can take care of the dessert later on, if you want. How about that? I didn’t make anything.”
As Castiel lay awake in his bed, on the morning following their midnight swim, he felt doubts creeping within his mind about many things. About himself. About his life. About what to do.
of Dean’s. One he had acquired and perfected years ago, for something that could have gotten him into deep trouble if he had been caught.
Dean, who was laughing so hard it made his stomach hurt, had to lower his phone a minute to catch his breath.
“Holy shit,” yelled Sam, almost spitting half his beer and laughing, which made Castiel stop abruptly.
The door handle remained still, and then, after what seemed like long minutes, it returned to its original position. “You’re probably right,” said Mary.
Then, out of nowhere, one man jumped on Castiel, seized both of his arms, while another lifted his fist to strike him full blow in his face.
He paused at the sight of the lounge chairs carefully tucked away by the door. Without further ado, he knocked on the door, trying to remain calm.
Patrick turned his gaze to the side, taking a moment to think. “Unfortunately, I don’t have a clear answer because the outcome has never been the same. But the one thing I know is that, for the lack of putting it more eloquently, the price for Mary’s admission is inviting in additional parties as well.”
But now, Dean suspected that the moment Sam and Jessica learned what had happened, the family reunion would turn into an urgent lunch gathering.
And while Dean had a lot of evidence that supported the opposite, he simply sighed loudly and kept his views to himself. He didn’t want to get into an argument with Sam any more than with his grandfather. The day had already been eventful, so, once again, he simply didn’t say anything.
“What gave you that idea?” He chuckled. “When our parents passed away, we decided to change it again, and Sam, the walking and talking encyclopedia of weird, found this symbol. It’s supposed to be a protective symbol. To ward against—well, anyway, I liked it. So when it was Sam’s turn to leave for college, we got our tattoos.”
Not knowing what to do with them, Castiel wanted to put them away and out of his sight. He stowed them back into the shoebox, but paused when he noticed something odd. There was something lodged inside the left boot.
“As long as you two stick together, let me know where you are and come back home for dinner,” he had added, under a firm stare. “And after that, it’s back to the way it was. I’m making an exception for his birthday because he’s been a good kid. Don’t make me regret this.”
“No problem. I was glad I could help. And was the mini-update I sent you last night enough? I know I was very short on the details. I figured that keeping it simple would spare me from digressing too much.”
Dean’s expression had been unreadable. Namely because he didn’t seem to have one. He wasn’t shocked. Nor joyous. Nor angry. Nor confused.
“It was delicious,” he said. “And I know it sounds nuts, but I feel like it made me feel ions better.”
him, he would have preferred continuing working for Gordon. He would have likely still felt miserable. But that sounded like a far better option than what he was feeling right now.
“When I saw you that night at the club… I meant what I said. You do deserve it, Dean. You deserve to be happy. And you stubbornly followed me and insisted that you wanted none of it without me…”
“Oh, that’s fake. It’s the game. That’s why I came looking for you. To let you know it was about to begin.”
“Which reminds me, Dean. Curfew,” said John. “Be here by midnight, tomorrow. Same thing on Saturday, no matter how great that party you boys told us about will be.”
“No, Castiel, you said you’d go if you were able to find another arrangement!” she reminded him. “I was almost ready to stay home with the boy to let you go. You need to do something else, for once. And now that you are out of excuses, no matter how valid or not they are, I better see your arse at that party, laddie,” she said in a demanding, yet caring, tone.
“I saw what happened to the guy who tried to cross Bartholomew…. His hands… And his—he—Gordon, you—I really think you should let them go.”
“I hadn’t when you had asked me about it,” said Castiel defensively. “I—I received it afterwards. I’m not sure why I didn’t tell you, but…” Castiel took a deep breath. “I brought it with me to the ranch, and you know how I travel light, so I guess on some level I must have wanted to share it with you eventually.”
“Dean, I need to know you’re okay,” he said softly. “And I’m sure you’re not. I’m not okay. I’m not okay when I think that you—how I—Dean, please!” The door handle wiggled again. “There’s something you need to know and I don’t want to say this through a door. And I—I promise it’s not bad.
He knew he would have to make it clear that, in the future, what had happened today could not be repeated.
Daphne Allen was a nice and generous woman, who came from a respected family, and was someone for whom Castiel cared very much. He had met her in college and had always believed himself to be incredibly lucky to have her in his life.
Since they had both been dragged out of bed in a hurry, and against their will by Henriksen’s men, they hadn’t had the chance to grab the rest of their stuff.
Having practically reached it and still not hearing anything, he pursed his lips and decided that he should perhaps simply leave Dean to his privacy.
“Stop thinking that,” said Sam, nearly groaning. “Don’t let this—her—discourage you. I know how you are. Even if you move fast, the moment someone just hints at—just, please, continue with what you wanted to do: ask him out.”
Dean paused his movement for half a second and then continued his task at hand. If Castiel had blinked, he would have missed it. “I don’t, sorry.” He tapped the wooden spoon on the edge of the pot and rested it on the counter, before turning to Castiel. “What you can get here in term of coverage is very limited. On a good day and if you can afford it. I don’t stay here often enough to invest in that. I mean, the fact that I’m planning on staying here for more than ten days is really something. Usually it’s just a long weekend here and there. And all I do is pretty much relax and enjoy the tranquility. If I were into hiking, hunting or heavy outdoorsy stuff like that, yeah, obviously for safety measures I’d do something about it, but I don’t do any of that. My dad used to have a satellite phone, but he lived here the whole year. And even then, I remember it barely worked half the time. And it, um, got damaged not long before he died. So, if I really need to call someone or just check base with them while I’m here, I usually ask one of the neighbors.” And guessing what Castiel was about to say, Dean reminded him, “But because of the storm, even if I had one, or we go to one of the neighbors and ask for help, we know it’s pointless right now. Trust me, if all they had working back at the station was the radio, nobody here has something stronger than that.”
As he stood there in his grandfather’s business, he could tell himself that Castiel had left him the keys to meet him at the storage unit all he wanted, but he knew, deep down, that this wasn’t the reason why Castiel had left him the keys.
Castiel disappeared into the other room and Dean was left to wait awkwardly next to the table. Overwhelmed by the aroma, he turned his attention to the counter, where he soon spotted the freshly baked pie, as well as an entire meal, which consisted of colorful vegetables and a juicy-looking roast.
“Yes,” he said, smiling warmly. “Like, I’m not taking him for granted, obviously, but I like where this is going.”
“Cas, no. That’s not—I’m not doing this out of obligation. Trust me,” he said, licking his lips. “Nobody is twisting my arm right now.”
Castiel didn’t leave Dean’s side with the exception of a few bathroom breaks, due to his ridiculous amount of tea intake.
Sam was all bundled up in his bed with his nose in a book. He lifted his eyes and said, “Uh-huh. Going out?”
But Sam didn’t do so because he felt uncomfortable. Not because he was trying to know how the conversation on the other side of the table was going.
And just as he was about to ask Dean if he needed assistance, his bedroom door swung open, and Dean rolled before him what appeared to be a utility cart covered by a cloth.
“It’s no problem,” he said, moving the ladder to his left, before climbing back on it. “I thought I’d take care of one set of lights tonight before heading off. I’m nearly done already.”
“It’s all in your line of work,” continued Dean, “and all positions are to begin between late April to early June. Three of them are in the U.S.—one of which is even in New York,” he said rapidly, “so you wouldn’t have to move if that’s what you wish for. Another one is in California and the other one is in Vegas. I also heard back from a place in Sydney and another one in France. I only started doing that not even a week ago and those are just the places I heard from so far. I was going to wait to tell you after the trip, but…”
Still unable to move, he watched Godstiel, holding him by the wrist, turn to Deanmon with a delighted expression. “Your turn.”
And then, Gabriel told Sam about Kip’s visit at the bakery, as well as the insinuations he had voiced. He also recounted his awkward encounter with Bela on the same night.
“I understand the concept of alternate universes. Different events and choices create different paths and individuals,” he continued. “But I—I don’t—I can’t imagine a scenario that could result with you three being like this.”
“But yes, I like Dean like Maggie’s parents like each other. Or like Grandpa and Grandma do. I know that I never had friends like this before. Is that—what do you think about that?”
By the time he stepped onto his porch, Castiel had already installed both chairs near the dock and was comfortably seated, watching the serene lake before him.
As the week progressed and Dean was pretending to be out looking for a job, he had to admit that the transition to his new employment occurred much smoother than he had predicted.
This overwhelming feeling of dread would swoop in and just wash everything else away in an instant by the time he reached his front door.
They had and so had his grandfather. Henry had had quite a knack for storytelling, Dean had thought. Especially about one type of story.
By the end of the evening, which ended with both of them drinking hot chocolate to keep warm, Dean had succeeded in finding the perfect gift for Sam (a book series about serial killers—ideal to feed his brother’s weird obsession), as well as everyone else on his list (Castiel included).
Just as Dean was about to leave Sam’s side to help him, he got to watch, with stupefaction, the spectacle of Castiel toss around all three men as swiftly as though they were paper dolls.
The nurse had given Castiel certain directives concerning Dean’s sleep, which had been explained under the impression that Castiel would be sleeping right next to him. One look at Dean, however, and Castiel was positive he wouldn’t hear anything from him until late in the morning.
And every time, Dean felt his chest tightened at the realization. But he did everything he could think of to not loose himself to the darkest of scenarios.
Dean nodded at him awkwardly. He remained still for a few seconds, as though he was debating if he should leave or not, but then took a step towards him.
Not entirely sure if Dean was referring to the relationship in general or specifically the engagement, Castiel answered simply, “Michael proposed and I said yes.”
Thus, Dean, Jack and Whiskey made their way back downstairs where they spent a quiet and nice evening. Aided by Jack on the location of the coffee beans, Dean made a small pot of coffee for himself. While the coffee was brewing, he fixed a bowl of water for Whiskey, and Jack shared the chocolate of his advent calendar with him. As it was such a small piece to begin with, Dean protested his offer, but Jack insisted, which Dean thought was incredibly sweet.
“Isn’t it amazing!” said Becky, who had trotted up behind them. “And you’re just in time for the intro, too!”
“I—I have to go,” Dean managed to say. But he remained grounded on his spot, having lost the ability to walk.
“No, the table’s too far and I want you now.” Dean instantly freed his hands from Castiel’s grip, and the next thing Castiel knew, Dean was running his fingers through his hair, slightly pulling on it, thus exposing his neck to him. Dean’s hungry mouth was on his Adam’s apple and Castiel felt Dean reposition himself on his lap. With his lower ass on Castiel’s crotch, he rolled his hips, teasing Castiel’s cock with his butt.
And despite the extra hands to help, work hadn’t slowed down for one second. No customer had been rude,
While Castiel was undergoing his morning routine in the bathroom, Dean prepared some coffee and made a quick breakfast for them, which they ate in a flash.
“Okay, whoaaaaa!” said Sam loudly. He took a deep breath and said, “Dean, put down the chocolate and listen to me for a second.”
Castiel’s iconic beige trench coat on the floor, surrounded by what Dean deduced to be shoes and pants that were taken off in a hurry.
They had fun games. Tons of candy and sweets, made locally. Everything was a collaboration. A delight for everyone.
And, more importantly to Dean, it held a sort of statement. Perhaps in an old kind of way. And yet, Dean liked it.
pointless, Cas,” said Dean urgently. “Listen, you calmed me down. You got me in the car. And we continued. And it didn’t happen again. And all of this without taking one of those pills I hate so much. Trust me, so far, no one has managed to do this. No one.”
“It’s morning,” he said. “You’re usually half-dead. Grunts or some grumpy comments are usually your way to go at this hour.”
He dropped his bag in his room. Undressed himself and took his shower. Made himself his favourite cup of tea. Did his usual bedtime yoga routine. Although, this time he had exceeded his typical five minutes.
Sunday had been the perfect combination of torture and bliss for him. Glad that it had happened, but absolutely mortified of what
And they remained that way for a very long time. Fighting the urge to say anything. To reach for the other.
After a little while, Castiel and Dean weren’t laughing anymore. They were just dancing. And even though there was nothing particularly romantic about it, so Castiel kept telling himself, he had to admit that this wasn’t what it had been a moment ago.
“Great.” Castiel, disgusted by everything he’d just heard, dropped the container on his desk. “Why do they always do that? We just went over this during the holidays! What’s the problem this time?”
“And what about when your Dad plays with you? The other game you were talking about. Can you show me?”
“I’ve had the opportunity to review your files—yours and Uriel’s—over the last few days. I have to say, you two have done very well for yourselves in this establishment. You are both hard workers. Different, but equally hard working.”
Castiel stood up, put his cup down on the table next to him and dramatically stayed still for a second. Sam and Gabriel stared at him with hopeful eyes. Castiel, keeping on his deadpan expression, then quickly grabbed and put on his trench coat, before taking his seat back.
Mary had let Dean delicately add the cinnamon after she had laid out the pieces of apples, and once the third pie had been finished, and his mother seemed encouraged by the end result, she continued with the fourth one, as Mrs. Middleton let little Celeste taste the custard for other desserts.
Castiel, with one hand holding Dean’s hip, rubbed the tip of his cock against Dean’s hole, making him tremble again.
And then he paused, held his stare for a few seconds, and when Dean didn’t reply, Castiel turned around and gunned for his house.
“Dean, you should,” pleaded Castiel. “Missouri is right. They might not be able to do much about Amara, but if you’re on Venandi, Henriksen, Crowley, the BMoL—they cannot get to you there.”
Castiel let out a nervous laugh. “I’m sorry, aren’t you—I mean, weren’t you Mr. Winchester’s competitor?”
And then, because that’s how life is sometimes, someone in the middle of the crowd shouted for an announcement.
Like, neither of them will get the chance to follow through with their so-called flirting skills. Like, what I’m saying is that they pretty much flirted with each other for no reason at all.
As Castiel was helping Dean out of his coat, Jack, with Whiskey sitting next to him, was examining the other bag that Dean had brought. He lifted his head gleefully. “The other one had food in it, but this one’s got presents!”
“So, no…no dates. No—you’ve like—so, everything you’ve been doing was through the Internet. Or, like via phone calls and Skype and stuff?”
Until he said firmly, “No. Dean, Sam and Castiel, they are my family. I like them and they like me. You say they are lesser than you, but if that was true, how come you’re the one tied to a chair, and locked up in a dungeon?”
Just as he was about to inform Dean about the note, Dean plucked it from Castiel’s grasp, with a worried expression.
“Also,” continued Balthazar gleefully, “now that I know you share a bed, might I add a few helpful comments? Like remember that pajamas are entirely optional and—”
Eventually, as gravity gradually returned, Castiel and Dean were back on the ground with Sam and Gabriel. They ate S’mores and charred spicy sausages by the bonfire. Played karaoke, even with Chuck and Becky, who astonishingly beat everyone.
Which prompted a lot of people from the council of Venandi  (and the BMoL) to lift their eyebrows at him.
And he had no idea why suspenders had that effect on him, but he felt his heartbeat increase and jitters spread in his chest at the very sight of them.
Castiel rid himself of his coat and followed John to the dinning room, where an impressive amount of paper was displayed on the table.
“He left before I could do anything,” he said on the verge of tears. “That’s why I left the party. I was trying to find him. But…” his voice died down.
About ten minutes after their arrival, Castiel exited the house. He wasn’t running. Nor was he even looking over his shoulder. He took his seat as soon as he reached the car, pulled out his phone, typed a few things and slid his phone back into his jacket.
He took the seat next to him, desperate to not overthink too much. “So, did you just get here? To the pub, I mean.”
Glad that Sam agreed to that part, at least, Dean yielded the conversation back on topic. “Great. So, with that in mind, what are you going to do now?”
Castiel’s serious demeanor when he picked him up, however, didn’t do much to reassure him on that front.
Gabe: Listen, Cas. I know it might feel wrong, okay. The timing with Lisa, it’s bad. And I wouldn’t encourage you to walk all over people.
It was still before lunch hour, and Castiel and Dean had just returned from the county clerk’s office with their marriage license.
“There was this guy in one of my friends’ neighborhood who kids could go to. He, um, basically employed kids to go for joyrides. Not like—this sounds way creepier than it actually was.”
Sam chuckled. “Well, it worked all right. His face was kinda priceless. Thank you for that.” There was a short pause and then he added, “I’m really glad you and Dean are getting along. Like, I’m happy you’re his roommate. Considering Dean’s previous ones, whenever Dean was talking about you, I was wondering if he was just telling me this so I’d stop worrying or…anyway. I see that everything he said was the truth and I’m really happy about that.”
Once Dean parked the vehicle, Castiel typed a few things on his phone, and said, “I’m not sure how long I’ll be. Stay tuned, all right?”
Jack wished Whiskey good night as well, as he kissed the top of her head, right before he started climbing up the stairs.
It wasn’t an issue that he was bitter about or couldn’t move on from, but just like unpleasant memories in general, no one tended to reminisce on them for fun.
Dean’s only reply was a smirk, which he held as he backed away from him, took his shirt off and flung it at Castiel.
But Castiel had had the chance to listen to his interpretations on many occasions, and he had to admit that they didn’t appear completely absurd, either.
The only things Dean wished to end were the shady jobs and Sam’s—and therefore his—restriction to this city.
Lying on top Dean, as they were both catching their breaths, Castiel savored Dean’s soothing hands caressing his back.
Jack’s room was adorable, thought Dean. He had his own bookshelf, which appeared to be filled with adventure books, as Dean recognized most of the titles from Sam’s own bookshelf and promised himself to mention this fun fact to his brother later on.
It hadn’t taken long for Castiel to start accumulating books to set aside. Soon, he had built up a few piles around him, which had evidently slowed him down when he was ready to explore other aisles.
“I think you’re in luck for that one.” Castiel smiled at him, withdrew his hand a moment, and delicately rolled on his other side to fetch a bottle of lube in his nightstand drawer.
Out of breath, Castiel said,  “You saved me.” Still walking, he turned his head to Dean with wide eyes. “Why?”
After watching him a few seconds, Balthazar nodded. “But until I’m positive you’re back to your old self, you’re just going to have to deal with me and stuff your face with delicious food. Now. Where’s the stir fry?”
There was a pregnant pause. Castiel expected Gabriel to protest his attempt to change the topic, but he was relieved when Gabriel let it go and answered his question. “Yup. That’s tonight. Finally! Dinner at a nice restaurant. I made a reservation at
As they explored the first few shops, it was a tad awkward between them. They didn’t really know what to say, and mainly focused on discussing the four individuals Dean was shopping for.
Dean let out a short laugh. “Expect a limited access to the internet and you’ll have to head to the shop straight from school for a while.”
“Yup. We asked around and when we only heard good things about the place, we thought it would be a good idea. We visited the clinic to introduce ourselves, and that’s how I met your dad.”
He moved the sheets of the bed around, thinking his shirt and pants might have been tucked in there somewhere, but once again, he found nothing.
“I am aware of this, Dean, but who’s to say we can’t do both? In any case, we should enjoy ourselves while we can, seeing as how our plan is going.”
“Wait! Cousins?” repeated Dean at the screen. He turned to Castiel, confused. “You didn’t tell me this!”
Sam, failing miserably at hiding his amusement over the situation, was happily sipping on a yellow-colored drink.
Once the boots were off and in hands, he stood up and said, “There. At least, now I can kick your ass.”
And in a matter of a few days, Dean was almost eager to return home just to see if a note was waiting for him.
And then, just as he was perking up at the thought, he remembered that he had grossly overlooked a few other people in his decision: his family members. Partially ashamed that he had only thought of them until that very moment, Castiel wasn’t sure how this situation would affect them. Even though they were barely speaking, news such as this one was bound to eventually reach them, and given the person in question, there was no way of knowing what their reaction would be.
He slowly slid one leg over Castiel’s and rocked his hips again. His fingers tightened on Castiel’s shirt, pulling Castiel closer to him.
The small kitchen was dark and empty. The place was spotless. Not one dish was left on the counter or even in the sink.
He just had had a really long day. And bad sleep from the night before. He was just too tired. He was seeing things. He was being irrational.
Castiel, lounging on one of the comfy chairs of the library he had managed to snatch on his arrival, was looking through the window absentmindedly. Despite the quietness and reassuring familiarity of the place, he had found it extremely difficult to focus all afternoon.
Frustrated, Dean then had no choice but to accept that he would have to wait until after his football practice to speak with her. Which would occur at her house, when they were supposed to meet for their afternoon date.
Dean cleared his throat and shifted on his feet. “I’m—I think I need a little more practice than you for this one.”
No. It was when Castiel assessed how truly cramped they both were, accidentally bumping his knees into Dean’s, that he finally realized what had just occurred.
Castiel turned around, half scared to death. In the corner of his room, Gabriel was all cozied up in the armchair.
As for the rest of the house, it was relatively spacious, especially for one person. Most of the furniture and appliances were modern, of good taste, and mainly of neutral colors. He had everything he needed, including Wi-Fi with decent coverage.
Gabriel looked down. “Wow, thanks. You’re totally killing my ‘I am beloved’ high with your accusations, there, bro.”
After a quiet evening of playing cards, while the fire was crackling, they eventually called it a night and headed to bed.
Additionally, he was aware that other people had access to the house (like certain trusted employees and a few staff members), but Castiel had this odd feeling like someone kept lurking around him.
“Educational?” Trying to ignore the fact that blood was now rushing to his cheeks, Dean cleared his throat, and said, “You know us.
He kneeled in front of him, and as gently as he could, he seized his hands to prevent him from hitting himself again.
Irritated, Castiel let out a grunt of exasperation and sat on his couch. He scowled at Balthazar for a few seconds, and after a loud sigh, he went to his bathroom.
“Terrific. Thank you, Dean. I really appreciate it. Okay, I’ll let you go now, I feel bad bothering you at school.”
Frowning, he slowly hoisted himself on his elbow and listened carefully. But he couldn’t discern the words.
“The long story short that I know,” said Gabriel, sinking himself into the chair, “is that they both lost money and their jobs, meaning they currently can’t afford a place, hence why they’re back here.”
“Dad, you’re already here. I—I’ll take the bus and go myself. Or I’ll help you today and deal with this tomorrow. I could—”
“I don’t know how it was for you,” he continued, “I’d like to hear about it and I’ll tell you my end if you wish, but I am just so fucking happy you’re here. With me. I want to be with you. And now that I am lucky enough that you’re—I will do whatever I have to do to keep it that way. I’ll beg or—whatever. I am never making that mistake again.”
Now, Dean wasn’t about to call Zachariah a liar, but he had detected a faint tone in his voice that had made him feel uneasy.
“Um. No, it didn’t. That’s not—” He then cleared his throat, and with an obvious attempt to change the topic, he said, “Have you ever slept with a guest at the hotel?”
Charlie nodded without hesitation, and after thanking her, Dean stormed out. He needed to get out of this place as fast as he could. He had a splitting headache. His entire body was heavy. And he was boiling inside.
After examining them more carefully, Castiel was then intrigued by this gathering. The two women were wearing dashing military uniforms and one man was wearing an elegant suit, which Castiel thought must have cost a pretty penny. The other man, who had his back turned to Castiel, was also wearing an elegant suit, but it was paired with cowboy boots and a dark cowboy hat. Castiel couldn’t help but smile warmly at the sight.
One person, though still fond of the holiday in question, wasn’t particularly thrilled to find themself in a big crowd, such as this one, when nearly the whole town was present.
He didn’t go in length about how practice had gone. He replied to every question their parents had for him with a short answer. And he still did not look at Sam. Not once.
Sam shifted on his feet as anxiety spread throughout his chest, thinking of the million embarrassing things Dean was probably telling Gabriel in that moment.
That, maybe, he knew too much about Dean and his breakfast habits. Whether it was deliberately done or not by Dean, Castiel was aware that the type of eggs would be a form of commentary regarding the night before, and with this in mind, he felt like the gesture was now lost.
Castiel wanted to believe that Michael was simply being an ass in that moment, but he knew it wasn’t the case. He knew that what he was telling him—about the hotel at least—was the truth. He hated admitting it, but he knew it.
Dean swallowed. “Okay, yeah. Right. Thanks. I’ll make it up to you. To you both.” He picked up his backpack and left the table. As he was walking towards Lisa, Dean couldn’t help but glance back at them once more, out of guilt.
And to make matters worse, Dean locked himself in his room as fast as he could, mumbling something about “Homework.”
With shaking hands, Dean reached for his phone and called Jody. Unfortunately, there was no answer. Trying to remain calm, after she still hadn’t picked up after his third attempt to reach her, Dean left her a voicemail and a text message, asking her to, please, call them as soon as possible.
Like the fact that although he and Michael had been interacting multiple times a day, on a daily basis, for more than half a year, they had in fact never met in real life.
“Um, I—don’t take this the wrong way, but you’re telling me that your high school sweet-heart was a Milton?”
As they felt a mild anxiety rising within their chests, Sam and Dean hurriedly crossed the room, in the hope of stepping away from this nonsense. All this was a little too revealing for their taste.
They had scanned the house some more, but still finding neither of them, Gabriel and Sam grew worried. They concluded that fun time was over and that they should track down their respective siblings as soon as possible.
There was a short pause, and then Castiel said, “Yes. I’m surprised by the outcome, but I’m really happy with it.”
Castiel took a deep breath. “Dean, even if you go there right now, and Donna tells you that they still don’t know anything or that there’s an emergency at work,” he took a pause, swallowing hard, “what is that going to change? You are supposed to stay clear of it.”
“All right. We didn’t know if you’d come back or not, so we—Sam shared his bunk with me. That’s it,” he added urgently, which made Castiel lift an eyebrow. Gabriel then found himself saying, “Might have been in a cozy manner. But just—but anyways, based on Sam’s text, when Dean came back home, he saw someone sleeping in Sam’s bed, the top bunk obviously empty, and your trench coat was on the ground. So, I guess he understandably made the wrong conclusion.”
Dean shook his head slowly. “I’m fine I just—I just need to—I’m leaving.” He cleared his throat and asked, “Do you have the time?”
After tending to the kettle, he then fetched an additional blanket because he found himself shivering a few times.
Sam arrived not long after Castiel had sat in his usual family booth, and as soon as they were settled and had ordered their food, Castiel dropped the bomb.
Still surprised by her sudden visit, Castiel said, “Daphne, did something happen? I thought—you said that—”
Castiel chuckled. “And you think that she’s going to tell you otherwise? That they don’t have everything under control?”
Not believing he had actually said it out loud—and to Dean’s face—Castiel pressed himself to say, aware that he wasn’t being fair by not giving Dean any time to reply, “How was the rest of the evening last night?”
“Yeah, listen up. Given that peak season is way behind us, and that there’s barely a hundred of us here, there’s not much traffic coming in. Short of needing to refuel, or an emergency landing, nobody comes here. And until we regain access to our usual communications, there’s not much we can do.”
The subjects were often recurring (namely the topics about families, relationships and careers) and Dean never grew tired of it. On to the next.
He shut his eyes. “Sorry, I—” he said, reaching for his phone again. Another missed call from the clinic. Twice in a row and at this hour, Castiel deduced it had to be important.
Their guide came to a halt, once they stood next to a pair of ottomans. Which were located smack in the middle of the room.
Dean pursed his lips and shut his eyes for a moment. He swallowed hard and turned around, facing his brother again. Keeping his face as emotionless as he could, he then said, “Cas is a nice guy. We get along. That’s all. And I—I—”
“Cas, I—I’m…thank you. I’m so happy Dean is there with you. And thank you for looking out for him. I hope that—I know that yesterday must have been scary for you too. I know it still scares me when I see it happening. Dean should have warned you.
He seriously contemplated the option to do the same when Sam went to help Jack find some additional board games that they had stashed in one of the storage rooms, but he doubted that they would be gone for very long. And sure enough, Dean had barely had the time to pour himself and everyone else another eggnog before Jack burst into the room, carrying an impressive number of boxes.
Castiel hurried towards the throne, grabbed the bottle of liquor resting next to it, opened it and emptied its contents on the floor. What a waste.
Due to the latest development, which offered little imagination as to what exactly Castiel’s employment for the Garrisons consisted of, Dean concluded that
He knew Castiel was talking to him, but his ears were ringing and he couldn’t make out what he was saying.
“Right. I—I didn’t think of that.” Sam cleared his throat. “I mean, he did sleep there this whole week.”
“That is a fascinating story, young man. However, none of this explains why you were hiding and eating food—candy bars, no less—in the library. What are you doing here? Classes are in session.” Gabriel opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, she added, “And Mr. Novak, before you tell me you have a free period, you very well know that I have a copy of your schedule as you’ve used this excuse one too many times. I know for a fact that you should be in History. So I ask again, what are you doing here?”
If he didn’t know any better, he would say that Gabriel and Sam were openly flirting with each other.
“Come on,” said Castiel. “It’s honestly my favourite part of the day.” And without further ado, he rushed to the lake and plunged into the water.
Worried that he might have been the victim of a power outage again, Dean debated for a short moment if he should check up on him.
“When I was putting dishes away earlier, I saw you had a bottle of Peppermint Schnapps—which, by the way, I’m trying really hard not to mock you, because I find this absolutely hilarious.”
It typically meant lots of gossiping and unwarranted comments. In other words, everyone being up in everyone’s business, and Dean Winchester didn’t have the heart for that sort of things.
“That is adorably kind of you to offer, youngster,” said Gabriel, “but I already have some potential retreat locations that would probably be more suited for my depravities. Tonight, however, I’ll have to go back home. We both have to,” he turned to Castiel, “just to have a clear idea of the damages.”
“Um, I’m having difficulty believing that you aren’t great at this,” he said, lifting an eyebrow. “Can you tell me where I can find it? Your blog, I mean.”
As they concluded that taking a shower together would only slow them down, they opted to take turns. So, after Castiel had showered with haste, he let Dean know he was done, dressed himself quickly, and hurried downstairs to start heating up breakfast.
“Christmas is more like a side story. It’s not about Christmas, it’s more like the story just happens to be set at that time.”
, even before, that wasn’t the punishment. That’s what made me keep it together for this long. You helped me. You have no idea how much. And what I want is for you to be okay. I want you to be with me. And be free. I—I want you. Because I—and thinking you’re out there, trapped, and I can’t do anything about it—”
He left Dean’s office shortly afterwards to let him go back to work, telling himself the lunch hour was over anyway and that he should do so as well.
And a brief imagery of piercing blue eyes. Just long enough for Dean to know what it was, but so briefly to always make him doubt he had seen it at all.
Because at this point, Dean was convinced that Castiel was simultaneously a blessing and a curse for him.
“That’s where we got Felix,” said Castiel to Dean later on, when Jack offered to let Whiskey out into the backyard. “I was not expecting him to pick a snake. I brought Jack thinking it would win me a few years before he would really insist on a dog. I was hoping for a bunny. Or a turtle.”
According to Samuel, if they left now, while they still had some dignity attached to them, instead of trying to save face and inevitably failing, they could have a new start there.
Or worse, the possibility that after cornering him, she had perhaps coerced Castiel into calling Gabriel for her.
And while having his father being gone wasn’t exactly what Dean had wanted—he had, in fact, been furious with him—he still had understood to a degree that it was the best option for them all.
Sam glanced around and then tugged Castiel along with him down the hallway. Unfortunately, it was at this precise moment that a large group walked by, making it impossible for Dean to see anything from his vantage point.
Satisfied with Dean’s response, Castiel leaned in and pressed his lips against his. Exploring his Dean’s mouth with his tongue.
He also told them that he had been woken from his nap by Rowena. It seemed that after she had dismissed Jack because they had reached the last steps of the spell, which required the crystal and other missing ingredients, Rowena had gathered that the boys could manage the rest without her.
“Does it matter? I assure you it won’t be anything you’ll miss as it doesn’t have anything to do with the ranch. So, who cares really? We were just discussing a moment ago how you’ll need a bigger wallet. This would help.”
It also was why when one of his co-workers had requested to switch shifts in order for them to attend the wedding anniversary of their grandparents, Castiel had been very eager to accept, grateful that he now had a good excuse to pass on the task of being a wingman.
And while his funny faces were hilarious and impressive, someone else had been holding Dean’s attention.
Dean took a deep breath. “It’s just weird. That Granddad isn’t here, I mean. For the past week, I—there have been moments where I momentarily forget that he’s gone. I’m just doing my usual stuff and then I think of something to tell him or ask him, and then it hits me that I can’t anymore. It’s upsetting. But not like I’m gonna drop on the floor. And that’s weird too. Almost like I don’t—I just, isn’t it weird?”
He then gathered, however, that even if he would do so, this would not explain the car. This would not explain Castiel’s absence. This would not explain why Dean had left the party. And it certainly would not explain what on earth had happened between Castiel and Dean the night before.
Castiel held his breath and instantly felt his heart pounding. Trying to remain calm, he slowly lifted his eyes, and saw Dean, standing in front of him.
And up until he stepped in the doorway of the dungeon and assessed that the prisoner was still present and restrained, he had firmly believed that he would be satisfied with this confirmation and would leave the Boy King be.
Dean had ordered the pizzas, including a vegetarian one to keep Sam quiet. Once the order had been under way, he had brought all the junk food into the living room, with glasses and a panoply of bowls.
Biting on his lips, Dean began shaking his head, only to stop. “I remember most of it. I’m a bit hazy on some things though. I don’t remember when you left.”
Dean watched him carefully. They stood awkwardly for a moment, and then, wanting to kill the silence, Castiel asked Dean what he and Sam had planned for Christmas.
Catching their breaths, they studied one another for a second while they processed what had just happened.
A boy his age and height, with bright blue eyes and thick, wavy dark hair, was suddenly standing right in front of him. He was wearing a green knitted sweater with an angel on it and his socks were different colors.
And then, proving his point, the waiter, who was still fully dressed, reached their table to bring another set of drinks to Gabriel and Castiel. The man made no mention of their poor dress code, nor did he act weird in their presence.
Still attempting to separate himself from the small group, he eased himself slightly to his left, eyeing the exit.
“I’m happy you made it Dean. I remember this. It’s exactly how I remember it. Brings back good memories too.”
And although Dean knew Castiel had meant it as a compliment, he still felt a pang in his chest at his words.
“I’ll skip the introduction, then and get right to the point. I must confess that at first,” he said, “we were going to interview the both of you separately. You know, good old intimidation tactic. The ‘he said, he said’ thing, and then turn you both against each other. But once we got a closer look at who we were dealing with, we decided that perhaps having a double interview might be much more beneficial in the end.”
“It’s okay, Dean. We knew this would happen.” He took a seat next to them. “And no matter what, we tried. And I had fun, so I don’t regret anything."
A few of them, however, had remained behind in the middle of the hallway, speaking and laughing with one another.
“He was frantic. He—it’s a long story, but the important thing is that Gordon was pissed and hell bent on finding out who had done it. They actually managed to recover a lot that had been stolen. They even found a thief, too. But his cash was still missing and the guy they caught swore he had nothing to do with that. It started a witch hunt and because of a lot of things that didn’t add up, like no sign of forced entry and the security system hadn’t been triggered, it suggested someone from the inside.”
Castiel had counted that their stop would offer Dean the opportunity to unwind, but Dean insisted they should get their meal to go so they could continue on the road.
Overwhelmed and tired of everything, Castiel took a quick shower, hoping it would wash everything away, as dinnertime was nearly approaching.
“What?” grunted Castiel, trying to shift for a better position, but being tied to a wall, there isn’t really a good one.
“The official story is that it was the work of random vandalism. Never found who did it. Never had one witness. And it’s the only place that got vandalized in the whole street.”
Soon after, however, Dean was surprised to hear his mother call for Mr. Redfield. Their visitor, it seemed, was requesting a word with him.
“Last minute errand and we noticed you were still here. I—since you two seem to be burning the midnight oil, I thought hot chocolates would cheer you up. There’s one for Sam, too.”
“Well, well, well. You heard that?” A cocky smile formed itself on Dean’s face. “Belphegor thinks it’s a good idea. That makes it three against one. Of course, being
Castiel let out an excruciatingly loud moan in his mouth. He paused for a moment, hoisting himself a bit to get a proper look at Dean.
. These words would haunt him and give him a boner until the end of his days. Just thinking about it now…
With this promising news, however, Sam suggested that they stop at the bunker first, since it was on their way, and gather some change of clothes for Mary and themselves, as they were coming from a hunt, too.
But then, laughing wholeheartedly, Dean looked up and met his eyes. His smile immediately brightened and he waved at Castiel to come their way. The red-head followed Dean’s gaze and once she spotted Castiel, she turned to Dean gleefully. She gripped his arm excitedly and whispered something in his ear.
“You haven’t shown any symptoms so far, and your scan is clear,” said Castiel in a low voice. “We still have a week in between to see if anything else happens. If nothing does… I think we’re good. We should ask the doctor to be safe, but—”
“While there is damage to the car, it’s not extensive. It’s mostly a couple of broken windows. The windshield, too. But that’s it.”
“Right. Which is how you know Kevin too. You briefly mentioned he was your friend, but I hadn’t realized what you meant. I feel kind of silly to not have put two and two together.”
Just as he was about to lock his door, Dean froze as he noticed the door handle turn before he could reach for it.
Which was why he had made a point over the years to limit his attendance at social gatherings, soirées such as these in particular.
Although Castiel could have done without the sexual insinuation of his arrangement with Dean, a fact that he had clearly stated on multiple occasions to Balthazar, his friend had still managed to eloquently call Hannah on her shit.
“So, you mean…” began saying Jack, as he was pondering on the matter, “that they weren’t monsters. No ghouls or shapeshifters. They were…you. Just from another universe? But that…how can that be? You were so…mean.”
“Yeah, Gabriel needs to tell him something about the family, I think. They decided to have a meal while going over it. He said he’d be back early if it’s not too serious.” When Sam noticed Dean was staring at him, he added, “He didn’t seem worried.”
Castiel stopped breathing. He put down the bottles on the desk, and just as he was reaching for the phone, the lights of the room turned on.
surrounding them, which kept increasing at every moment, they knew it would be highly recommended to not overstay their welcome. The last thing they wanted was to bring their problems to a temple.
Carefully watching their footing, they reached the second floor. Castiel paused once they had passed by Jack’s bedroom door. Wanting to be sure his son was sound asleep, he delicately pushed the door to have a better peek.
“Of course not.” He stopped at unit nine-one-eight. “I may not be as car savvy as you are, but I don’t have any delusions about that. But we’re in luck. Since the weather has been so agreeable lately, I made the necessary arrangement a few weeks ago, so it’s ready to use.” He unlocked the door. “I have you to thank for that, actually.”
He slowly turned himself on his back, counted a few seconds, hoping it would hide his mild panic, and then sat at the edge of the bed. He felt Castiel stir behind him and a soft hand rested on his back, caressing his skin. Castiel positioned himself next to him, kissed his shoulder. He slid his other hand on his chest, but Dean stopped him by seizing his hand. He gave him a shy smile and moved his hand away.
And then he would have to explain something far worse than a stupid elf outfit: he would have to explain why he had lied.
Fingers wrapped themselves around Castiel’s cock and then he felt Dean’s sweet mouth swallowing him whole.
There were many things Dean wished to discuss in that moment, most of which were probably not suitable given their location. Their time was also somewhat limited to undertake such a discussion.
Doubt sill visible on Castiel’s face, Dean added with a serious tone, “I swear to you, all I did was inquire about a few places. I did research and based on what I had heard of the place and the people, I contacted them to inform them I knew someone who was looking for employment. I gave them your resume and everything. That’s it. I didn’t even include what you did at the ranch to not sound biased. All of it was based on your merits. As it should.”
After calling Donna to inform her he had located Dean, she sent Bobby to help him, and, thinking the wintery air would do him good, they clumsily walked back to the house with a very sluggish Dean.
Following this, they spent long minutes just acclimating themselves to each other. Dean took his turn to run his fingers through Castiel’s hair gently. Castiel rested his hand on Dean’s waist, as his feet reached for Dean’s. And Dean shifted himself closer to him, gaping at Castiel.
“I was worried—still am—about what would happen when you’d really know who I am. The kind of person I am.”
“Before I forget,” he said, “Mom, Dad, would it be okay if Cas spends a few nights over here this week?”
“That’s what you get for stealing from me! It’s not something I take lightly, especially not when the thief gets away with it by crying to some overpaid accountant who thinks they can tell me what to do with my own business.”
She assured him she would, and after resisting the urge to ask her if she knew anything about Castiel—or about Sam and Gabriel—he nodded awkwardly at her and left the house hastily.
Balthazar: And again, really don’t want to sound like an arsehole, but given the strong reaction you’re having to your problem, I think your feelings towards the bloke are already very different from the lass.
Jack shifted his eyes, thinking. “All right. I’ll let you borrow them. But only if you go to your party and bring them with you.”
But past six, Ash insisted on sending him home. They graciously thanked him for his help and his good work, even more so to have had the pleasure of his company and were looking forward to seeing him again.
He took a deep breath, and not quite believing he was about to say it, he repeated, “You did nothing wrong. This isn’t about something you did or—the problem, so-to-speak, is with me. I want to make that clear.” He awkwardly moved his hands, and not knowing where to put them, he rested them on his lap, playing with his fingers. “The thing is that I like you.”
Metatron, seemingly amused, pondered on his choice of word for a moment, and then said, “Let’s just say he finally accepted to be the person he was always meant to be.”
An alert popped up on the monitor, indicating the BMoL had sent them additional information regarding the prisoners.
“Please, Gabriel,” asked Castiel gently, clearly pleading on behalf of Dean more than for his own comfort.
“I can ask,” said Castiel, pulling out his phone. “I suppose we’d have to leave for the party much earlier than planned, however, as Gabe will have lots to do. But that way we will already be there. Extra time with him, I guess,” he said, glancing at Sam briefly. He then looked back at Mary, when he added, “And Dean will still give us a ride back home.”
“I didn’t know you’d be here. But I had to start somewhere.” And noticing Dean’s confused expression, he added, “You said that the garage was walking distance from the store. I assumed it mustn’t have been too far. I Googled it.”
Dean’s face conveyed relief for a moment once he saw that Castiel was all right, but his expression quickly turned to fear when his gaze shifted a little higher than where Castiel was.
“They are trying,” said Crowley, playing with an empty cup on the table. “And they are very determined.” He let go of the cup and lifted his eyes to Dean. “They know you are planning to buy out the less desirable investors once you get control.”
“A bit of company, yes. And only a few times." He paused, observing him. "Why is this so hard for you to believe?” And with a soft smile, he added, “Good things do happen, Dean.”
And it occupied his thoughts day and night. When he was manning the front desk. When he was tossing and turning in his bed. When he was staring helplessly at his phone, almost hoping for a request to show up for an emergency meeting at
Dean pursed his lips. “What about tomorrow? There has to be something that I need to double check before the service.”
And Castiel jolted when he felt a warm tongue swirling on his neck. Dean eased his fingers at the edge of Castiel’s pajama pants. Slid them underneath, slowly nearing his ass.
Both Bobby and Donna shook their heads. “There’s another team, accompanied by two of your officers, that’s following the other trail leading to the woods. So, hopefully that will pan out. We seriously doubt they lingered around the ranch. We know everyone and this time we were prepared.”
“You said you never stayed very long in the same spot,” continued Dean. “And while I sort of get why you kept certain things to yourself, were you ever planning on telling me who you were? Back then? Like, not everything, but…yeah.”
“Glad we made that clear. Now I suggest you hurry up because you both will have a long night ahead of you.”
“And see,” continued Metatron, after taking another sip of his drink, “you are being granted that very option.”
lie about such topic,” he said, feigning indignation. “I wouldn’t.” Gabriel turned his head towards Sam. “I wouldn’t lie to you.”
And I then exited through the hatch and rushed to the palace, tackling down every dark smoke coming my way.
Unable to breathe properly, he simply stood there on the sidewalk, replaying Sam’s screams in his head.
And they were still eating. And God help him, did Sam just dip a fry into Castiel’s ketchup? From his plate?
. I was like, all right, here it comes. I’m going to hear all about how this guy has figured out everything, how you were doing brilliantly like everybody else. Married with children, doing what he loves and thrives for, living comfortably and happily. Travelling. I was sure of it, because to me, how could you not have all that? It was like instantaneous, that’s how I saw you: happy, rested and having everything you ever deserved. What he told me was not at all what I was expecting, and since then, I—I don’t understand how that’s not the case. Unless if it would have been your choice.”
Dean swallowed hard and shifted on his seat. “The painting. You sent the painting to Michael a couple of weeks before Thanksgiving. You sent it with a letter. You were very…descriptive. Obviously, Michael figured out someone had been impersonating him. In a way. And he was hell bent on knowing who it was.”
“Nevertheless, I’m really glad you didn’t simply delete everything. If there’s something else, or if they continue and it gets worse, call me, okay?”
He heard Dean taking a deep breath. “I, um, the first two weeks after you—after the deadline, I did what I was planning on doing. Quickly. I bought out and got rid of the people that were most urgent.”
Sam, trying not to look too cheerful at the idea of potential alone time with Gabriel, bit his lips, holding down his smile. He tried his best to shrug in a nonchalant manner, and nodded in response.
“And the moment I sent you to that church, Raphael blew me up in pieces. They were watching him. All I know is that Zachariah can be…persuasive.”
Feeling somewhat intimidated by the overall setting of their meeting, Castiel obliged and took a seat not far from where Naomi was seated.
Balthazar sighed deeply and leaned on his elbows. “I haven’t heard much from you over the past month,” he said. “But whenever you sent me texts, there was nothing troubling. So it seemed, anyway. The one thing I noticed, however, was that you stopped mentioning your dreams.”
“I’ve already given you two plenty of hints.” Crowley stood up and they followed. “I’ll see myself out and let you think on it.”
His rocket shaped lamp was still displaying soothing shadows on the walls and making the stars and moon stickers on the ceiling shine. Jack was cozily buried under a mountain of blankets.
Castiel kept his eyes up front, hoping the person would understand he was not in a talking mood, as he felt them take their seat next to him.
All he achieved was twisting and turning, repositioning his blankets, and getting more aggravated with each new position.
“I couldn’t really see properly, but from where I was standing, I’d give you a soft eight for the form, Dean.”
The whole concept was a bit bizarre. They wanted to respect Henry’s wishes, but at the same time, they didn’t want to over do it.
“Look, it’s not very complicated. Here, before me, is one incredibly powerful being. If you had lived as long as me, you would know it’s stupid to ignore it. I just thought it would be a good idea to establish a good business relationship.”
Dean knew that Sam was right, but it didn’t mean he had to like it, either. He decided to use this opportunity to tune out and cogitate on what he could say to Gabriel later on.
“And that’s why,” continued Dean, “I didn’t say anything. I promised myself I would never cross that line with you. I can’t. You’re not—it’s you. I can’t go there if it’s just—I won’t come back from that. I can’t, knowing where it will end.”
And although Dean was sure that some of Castiel's injuries had been caused by the psycho who had attacked him at the club, the giant dark purple bruises on his torso—which were still discernible despite the tattoos covering most of its surface—ribs, arms, and shoulders had clearly been the work of someone else.
Davies frowned. “Then how is there no record of it? You’re one of the Prime families. Such an incident would have been reported.”
And Dean diverted his eyes back to Gabriel and Sam every time he noticed Castiel was staring at him.
can do it. You can reach the towers and by-pass all these soldiers. You go find Sam and get him out.”
Castiel nodded. “I was hoping it was simply an isolated incident of Mr. Prince being…unprofessional…”
Gabriel: We get that you want to take things slow after everything, but just promise us that you won’t lock yourself up in your apartment forever?
“But I got you, now,” he said, licking his lips, as he continued moving his fist down Castiel’s shaft with the perfect pressure, with a twist near the head.
limited options to help them. Castiel appreciated that the witch attempted to discourage the boys from this sudden confrontation, especially when he mentioned that Mary, whom he had joined, had been asking about them. Using Mary had been a bit cruel, but also clever, thought Castiel.
At breakfast, on the following morning, Dean was insisting that Castiel should perhaps stay home and rest instead of undertaking a proper tour of the ranch like they had planned. “The last couple of days have been intense. The ranch will still be there tomorrow.”
His eyes remaining on the cabin, Dean said, “That was Granddad’s oldest cabin. That’s the one his grandfather had bought.”
Dean pursed his lips. “Just—just try. We’ll do the same. Look, I’m not even sure if it’s a good idea on paper, but we do need all the help we can get. So, I guess it’s worth a try.”
The good news was that it happened right by the gigantic steps of Lucifer’s stupid and over the top castle/palace/fortress (he’s not very subtle), so we didn’t have a lot of walking to do to get there.
So, no. Bevell did not go all happy trigger with Castiel like she had with Dean. It would have hurt him, because like I said, he wasn’t in top shape. But it would have probably reached a point where it would have just pissed him off more than anything else.
Once his laughter had died down, Sam questioned Dean about his progress with Castiel. Not particularly thrilled to discuss this subject matter, Dean nonetheless recounted the events of the past couple of days to his brother with a long sigh.
The second week was more or less the same. Dean finally announced to Samuel his new fictitious job on Tuesday, and just as expected, the very mention of the upbeat restaurant made his grandfather groan with annoyance.
“I don’t know! I fucking panicked! I didn’t want the guy to know I have, like, eighteen jobs! That I’m failing at life and struggling to make ends meet and I—”
“Just because I haven’t seen your freaking face for far too long now. But still. Not a definite yes.”
He comforted himself, however, that he had caught the boy’s name, and was now eager to tell his parents of his new friend and how pleased he was that he had received a Christmas present from a friend for the very first time.
“Probably,” he said sighing, holding his painful arm. “But what if he isn’t? He doesn’t have his grace or whatever, so he can’t do anything now. Right? We can contain him.”
“I don’t know what’s so difficult to get when I say that I don’t want anything to do with this. Cas,” he said, sighing as he turned towards him, “why are you nagging me about this? You do realize that I’m actually going easy on you three? Knowing what I know, I should just deliver Sam and Dean to our brothers and that would be the end of everyone’s nightmare.”
Given that Dean was also extremely restricted with his free time, it had left him with very few options to trade with his co-workers, namely Monday or Tuesday night.
After their stop at the Novak’s house, John concluded that Dean had reached his limit for the day, so he decided that the rest could wait for now, and dropped him back home before heading to work.
Samuel finished his coffee, brought his plate to the sink, asked Sam a few questions regarding his homework and reminded him to come straight back home after school. Once Sam assured him that he would, he then grabbed his keys and told Dean to meet him downstairs as soon as he finished his breakfast.
“No one serious in high school. Neither during my studies. I’ve had a few flings here and there, but I told you, my family background eventually catches up to me. I’ve always made a point to not get too attached. What about you?”
Too many times he had found his younger brother Sam helping out late at night, and after the evening—week—he had just had, the last thing he wanted was to create an argument with Samuel about it.
Shortly after that, he spotted Castiel emerging from the front door. He wasn’t running or even trotting, but his pace seemed slightly faster than usual.
“Is the legend you’ve heard about Astrum similar to what I just told you? I’m curious,” said Castiel, amused.
“It’s going to be okay,” said Castiel kindly. “We go in. Focus on the money and Sam. They’ll try to rattle you, don’t let them. Don’t get caught in the chit chat. If Sam isn’t in the room, insist on seeing him before you give them anything. Be direct. And when they say they want the money before setting him free, tell them no.”
He slowly went back to where he came from, scanning for his friend as best he could, and just as he was hoping he wouldn’t have to explore upstairs, he spotted him in the kitchen area.
At dawn, while a few people were still dancing, most of them, including the hotel’s staff, were now sleeping all over the place. On the floor. Tables, Even armchairs. The décor of the hotel, as well as everyone’s clothes, had returned to its original state.
“Well, they sure seem fun,” said Dean, smiling at the group of bachelorettes, who were whispering amongst themselves as they were clearly looking in their direction.
But for now, the box served as additional protection to safeguard the bright red crystal until a better solution was found.
“Why aren’t you answering your phone?” he asked his brother. “Hey there, Sammy. Eating your vegetables, I see. Good for you.”
“Over this? Hmm,” said Anna. “If that’s not enough to impress them, then I say it’s clear that you shouldn’t bother at all.”
But the point was that, like I said, a lot of things didn’t add up, and now they had another crisis to deal with in relation to that problem.
“Yeah,” said Dean, surprised that Castiel knew exactly where it was. “They finished the building now, but yeah, that’s where it is.”
“The guy has talent,” said Dean, rubbing his hair to get rid of the glitter still stuck in it. “I’ll give him that.” His expression suddenly turned grim as something occurred to him.
When Dean was back at home, he fetched himself a cold beer from the fridge and leaned against the counter as he processed what had just happened.
He stared at it for a brief moment, nearly wondering if it held a coded message, and then put it aside, ready to unwind in the comfort of his home.
And even though not much had happened yet, the squeaky sound of the bed was becoming slightly annoying and worrisome for him too.
“Because he’s shy and likes to take things slow,” said Gabriel in a mocking voice. “Why do you think? Given that we are at the eleventh hour and your involvement in all this, knowing the location of the Winchester boys is powerful information.”
Dean, with bed hair, was standing by the fridge. His eyes were adjusting to the brightness of the room and his left arm was still in the sling,
Staring at him, Castiel seemed a tad confused by Dean’s last comment. “It tickles,” he finally said in an as-matter-of-fact way. “In more than one place. It’s—it’s just a strange sensation.”
Let’s be clear, he knew that, after what had just happened, he definitely owed Dean some explanations.
Castiel was used to his restrained and private living quarters. Finding himself living under the roof of—what felt to him as—a colossal house, surprisingly rendered him nervous.
“Second, Sam, you will have a conversation with your mother to clarify a few things about Gabriel,” which made Sam lower his eyes and swallow hard. “As for you, Dean,” continued John, “you are going to get dressed because we are both leaving to get the car and bring it to the garage. Once we see the damage, we’ll discuss what’s to be done about it. First though, we’ll stop by that party house and hopefully retrieve your keys and phone. It is at that house you lost the keys, right?”
“Cas, um, wait.” He cleared his throat. “I—um. I—about the other night, I—I’m sorry. For snapping at you. Actually, I’m also very sorry I haven’t been much present this past week. ”
“You’re one to talk, Sam. And it’s just for December. Everything will be back to normal after that.”
But not a word was uttered until they turned the corner street, the one right before theirs, and Dean slowed down the Impala, only to park it by the side of the road.
“But,” continued Sam, “we started talking about it, and Jess had an idea.” He was trying to contain his grin, but with Jessica smiling brightly, and her eyes constantly bouncing between Sam and Dean, he wasn’t very successful.
“Um, not at the diner. I mean—I—something happened at the—yesterday. Cas showed up at the Stynes’ house.”
“Yeah. It probably wouldn’t be for long, as I’m sure everyone is busy, but they could fly in and stay a couple of days. We obviously have lots of room and their trip would be paid, no problem. What do you think?”
He hadn’t taken two steps, however, before he came to a halt when he saw Castiel patiently leaning by the doorway. Stunned, Dean approached him slowly.
Sam and Dean obliged, dreading the second round of interrogation. The one they knew they couldn’t fail.
“Okay.” And Dean rested his eyes for a few seconds, seemingly tired. Now, closer to him, Castiel got the chance to examine him more thoroughly. He was a bit banged up, but besides his left arm in the sling, he had no discernible wounds. Not even cuts or bruises. A few scrapes and redness on his temple and fingers, but that was it.
“I know. We know.” Glancing at the kitchen, he saw Deanmon’s blade miss Jack by a hair. The Boy King blocked every shot, swing, punch that Sam and Dean threw at him. The bullets had merely pissed them off. With the situation only escalating, Castiel said to Rowena as quickly as he could, “Help us stop them if you can, if not, leave for your safety.”
“They call her Dr. Hess. I’ve heard of her—and her organization—over the years, but I had never met her.”
“I shut it off when I got there. I think. I—the day is a bit hazy. Not,” he added urgently, “not just because of the booze, just…” and the rest of his sentence died in his throat. Desperate to change the subject, he then asked, “So you went to work?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “You managed to figure this out in the two seconds of interaction you just witnessed, huh?”
Castiel, who was still seated at the dining table, was studying him with acute attention, waiting for him to say something.
Taking in the magnificent winter scenery, he rode next to him, not caring about the time, until Dean eventually stopped at the top of a hill.
Castiel fought hard the urge to roll his eyes. “I mean no offense to Sheriff Mills, but what could that possibly change? It’s just angry, bored, id—” He took a deep breath. “It won’t change anything.”
“Thank you, goes right to the heart,” said Dean. He slid his arm under Castiel’s, pulling him away from them, and said, “If you don’t mind, my husband and I have some other people we need to thank.”
And Dean kicked himself all the way back to the garage, muttering “Shopping,” under his breath, cursing himself.
“Cas, I’m here. I’m here and I can honestly say, this is where I want to be. I don’t care if it takes years. I don’t care if—I’m here. I’m here for you. I’m here with you. And believing—
And there was no way this flat, though rather large, box contained the very intricate race track set he had begged for.
At some point during the night, Castiel drowsily shifted position in his bed, when he realized his right arm was numb. He opened his eyes slowly and after a moment when his eyes adjusted to the room, he discerned someone standing right next to his bed. Momentarily paralyzed, he held his breath and stared at the quiet and dark figure, wondering if he was dreaming or not.
He also, as discreetly and gently as he could, suggested for his son to leave the sunglasses—and Belphegor, as one did not go without the other—with Castiel.
This wasn’t his route. And while Dean had paths to adopt from there, he wasn’t immensely familiar with that neighborhood.
Sam and Dean were hesitant about this option, but Castiel thought otherwise. He believed that flying—and everything that it entailed—was definitely a skill that Jack could possess. Not much was known about Nephilim, but being part angel should at least grant him that.
“Her boyfriend,” said Dean, setting aside his sandwich to look in disbelief at his brother, “is a complete douchebag. I can’t believe she went out with him for so long.”
Gabe: Thank goodness our siblings only pretend like they care about us, otherwise they’d have the good sense to do us this dirty, too.
“It’s all right, Dean,” said Castiel understandingly. “Don’t feel bad. It’s my fault for having waited this long to ask.”
He attempted to focus his mind on disturbing ideas such as being forced into a vegan diet plan. Being caught on a ten hour flight.
As for the room, the vaulted ceiling and large iron chandeliers added a creepy element to the dark room. Though, the tables on the side, displaying torture devices, might have had something to do with that, too.
And even though this was no surprise to Dean, he still felt a pang in his chest at hearing Jack say it out loud and regretted that the topic had been broached all together. Saying he felt sorry sounded like an understatement.
After a short hesitation, but determined to be honest, he said, “I heard about what you gave Sam and Jack. I was just curious how you came to decide on that.”
Of course, Dean was still missing a few pieces of that puzzle, so he became real uneasy when he saw that Castiel was giving them attitude.
And not before long, the four of them were back in the Impala, rushing to South Dakota, eager to find Mary.
As they readied to carry everything to the barbeque, Dean noticed Castiel putting away a dictionary, as well as a bunch of notebooks and his laptop, to make room on the counter.
were returning employees from the previous year, like him and Castiel, he reasoned that, sooner or later, someone would most likely mention it.
He had an idea of what that something might be, of course, but in that precise moment, he was convinced that he would never let it go that far.
Chuckling, Dean then recounted the episode of the bachelorette party to Charlie with great animation and heartfelt laughter.
As I am writing this letter, I will try my best to remedy this as soon as I can. But in case I didn’t succeed as well as I hoped, or for whatever reason I may have failed, Dean, don’t be afraid to go for the best scenario, even if it doesn’t seem likely. You don’t owe me anything. You do not owe anyone anything.
Sam shook his head. “He’s not answering his phone or replying to his texts. Which is really unlike him.”
“I didn’t know what else to think. Because of the job, I keep mostly to myself during my personal time, and during business hours, I interact with only a handful of people. And fear is the main emotion displayed during my work interactions. And that is why I really hate that you saw that. You were one of the few people I knew who didn’t look at me like that. And when I realized that I had ruined it, that you couldn’t
“Dean, yes. Very nice service,” said Mr. Roman, still examining Castiel. “And it seems like congratulations are in order,” he said, raising his glass.
Dean’s breathing became heavier at the sight of him. He held his breath a moment, and then slowly inserted another finger.
And the next thing he knew, he found himself at the entrance of an old movie theatre. He purchased a ticket for the next showing, whatever the movie was, bought himself a large popcorn and a drink, and found himself a seat in a nearly empty theatre.
He didn’t have anywhere to park it at home. And it also gave Dean false hope that he might run into Castiel again.
After a short chitchat when they greeted each other and Sam told him everything was “Okay,” with everyone, Castiel knew he had to quit stalling and make his point.
After the plan and details were agreed upon, we said goodbye to our new ally and wished him good fortune in his travels.
Exhausted and both catching their breaths against each other, they remained inert for a little while. Eventually, Dean carefully stood up, looking a bit unsteady on his legs. He left for the bathroom and came back quickly with a wet, warm cloth. He gently kneeled down next to Castiel, who was still recovering, and cleaned him up, smiling.
“As your mother said, we have no objection if Castiel needs to stay over. This is hardly the first time this happened, and he’s always welcome. Sam, it was very nice of you to extend the invitation to his brother as well, and I agree that he can stay with us if he wishes to do so.”
Dean knew this neighborhood. Eight apartment buildings, as well a series of cheap townhouses. Numerous small parking lots around. And what seemed like countless roads.
But Dean’s mind was elsewhere. He soon caught himself wondering how Castiel was spending his time during the day. Which dry cleaners he used. Where he lived.
Castiel followed Dean past the living room and down the hallway. “This is really beautiful, Dean. Stunning, really.”
Somewhat of an ambiguous delivery, but something told Dean it would suffice. And even though it came to the same, he had judged it had been better than simply asking “Who are you?” For some reason, Dean had feared it might be more
“I don’t know. His choice of words is annoyingly vague. It’s either the work of booze or he is being vague on purpose.”
“Since Gabriel keeps insisting that he wants to keep out of this fight, I asked him to help me find God. If anyone would be helpful in that quest, I think it would be him.”
And for once in his life, Dean had gone the extra mile of honesty. The one he had never taken before.
Dean felt discouraged by everything, but he comforted himself with the fact that his parents weren’t too infuriated with him.
The rest of the week turned out to be rather long and tiresome for Dean. Not because it was particularly eventful. Quite the opposite. And that had been the main problem.
?” Castiel cleared his throat. “Sam, you do realize that she likes you, right? I know there are a lot of things that go way above my head, especially where romantic relationships are concerned, but even
As for Sam, while he wasn’t having such a visibly strong reaction as his brother was, it would be important to note that the sore topic of Ruby was amplifying his apprehensions. He could feel the frenzy spread in his chest, and resisting the urge to cut in and explain himself was quickly becoming difficult when someone commented on the matter.
“I’m not human, remember? I told you. Those were nothing.” Castiel’s eyes then fell on Dean’s shoulder.
But sitting through panels dissecting his personal life was where he drew the line. Fortunately, he managed to escape the first panel, namely “The Secret Life of Dean,” by choosing to listen to the “experts” of the supernatural instead, which occurred at the same time. Even if it would be a waste of time, and he was convinced that it would be, at the very least, he judged that it would spare him some embarrassment.
Sam and Castiel were still present. Still seated at their table. Still talking. And laughing. And Castiel was laughing a lot.
And the one who mumbled unintelligible chatter, said—I can’t even repeat it. Let’s just say the only thing Dean understood were the words “left” and “red head.”
Just thinking about it at that very second was enough to give Dean sweaty palms and tingles in his lower back.
“I—I started calling other investors I was already eyeing. I hadn’t called before, because—but they,” he cleared his throat, “after asking me similar questions, they refu—passed as well.”
He was briefly tempted to approach a joyous girl with a blond ponytail and a sheriff’s hat that was too big for her. She was laughing with her friend who had a very strange haircut. His hair was very short in the front, but really long in the back. They were playing Connect Four, which Dean enjoyed playing.
Tasha had evaluated that Dean, despite his understandable headache, wasn’t showing any other signs of a concussion and that he should be fine. She firmly suggested, however, that after they answer Jody’s questions, they should go to the hospital to make sure.
“At the moment, Gabriel and me. But I’d really love if you’d be with us. So you can come home with us. Where it’s not cold, how about that?”
And once Sam dropped the plate of beef in front of Dean, it didn’t take him long before grabbing one of the shells. With Dean’s arm resting in the sling, Castiel offered to help him, but he kindly refused, and based on Sam’s expression, he was not at all shocked or impressed by Dean’s answer. Fortunately, the shells were the flat bottom kind, thus rendering Dean’s task less difficult for him.
Castiel gave Dean the courtesy to think on his oh-so-obviously-wrong hypothesis for a moment, and then said, “I don’t think so. Why not simply bring you directly to Tenebra from there, then? It’s very unlikely that
Hurrying down the street, away from the crime scene and watchful eyes, Dean tugged Castiel into a dark alley.
They both said they would check up on him and promised to be on the lookout for another place in case it would become a pressing issue.
“Sam, you know I’m happy for you. And I’m not an idiot. I know everyone has problems, and relationships have their ups and downs. Okay? I know. Because that’s life. And I’m sure it must be very complicated. But I am so tired of wanting this. Of feeling inadequate because I’m still on the sidelines. Being disappointed because it didn’t work out is bad enough. But then I have to add all the other pressure attached to it on top of it. I’m just…”
Another one was seated at the desk, which was on the right side of the room, before the wall of bookshelves behind it, and two other men were sitting in the armchairs facing the desk.
Castiel’s eyes lingered on Dean’s face. On his cheeks. And rosy lips. To his firm jawline and down to his neck.
Castiel frowned. “No, of course not. There was nothing to be mad about. I was just confused. I didn’t know if I was reading too much into this or…I believe the appropriate way of putting it is ‘you were sending me mixed signals.’ It felt like that.”
“I wanted them to enjoy themselves as I’m sure they won’t be able to do so any time soon. Besides, I didn’t really show off until the end. And that was…maybe about something else.”
Dean swallowed, feeling his heartbeat increasing. It wasn’t like he had expected another answer. And yet, making it official and hearing it out loud, hit him hard. It brought another set of realities to deal with.
Wiping his face, Castiel wondered if coming here had been a good idea, after all. He had done it to help Dean, but now he couldn’t help but think that his very presence would be more harmful than good.
Puzzled at the mystery, but nonetheless inclined to oblige, Castiel joined them a few hours following Dean’s call.
Dean slowly put the letter back where he had found it and stared blankly in front of him. His chest was heavy and breathing was difficult. Panic overwhelming his entire soul, he made his way back to his car, not knowing what else to do, until something occurred to him. Remembering that they had exchanged phone numbers at the end of their first evening together, he reached out for his phone with shaking hands.
But, perhaps because of their growing euphoric states, or even the contagious exuberance around them, they decided to each get one small ice cream cone.
And so, he passed the better part of the night glancing at Castiel, desperate to find the words—and the opportunity—to express himself.
Dean had tried his best to write Sam an honest letter, but he always ended up staring at a blank parchment.
“Like I said, we haven’t officially confirmed it yet, so we should be fine to change the name under most of the reservations. And if it’s still charged under the same credit card info we gave them, there shouldn’t be a problem. Some places might charge a small fee for altering it, and there might be some procedures we need to take to prove that we agree to that, but I don’t see how it wouldn’t work. We can do the same for the plane tickets and the other stuff as well.”
“Every time, Dean,” he said, resting his hand on his chest. “I’m—I’m sorry, you didn’t know. I thought I had—I honestly thought I had told you.”
“Just—I’ll tell you why. But it’s—this is going to be really awkward and that’s why I didn’t want to say anything.”
The store certainly had its charm. It was quiet and the smell of books was overpowering, which Castiel thought added a cozy vibe to the place. He could easily visualize himself passing an entire day just browsing through the covers.
And with that, Castiel swallowed hard and attempted to not dwell too much on the fact that Belphegor had apparently made a lot of sense.
Returning his gaze to the water, Castiel said, “No. I think Gabriel is shielding their conversation from us.”
It quickly faded, however, when by the fifth day Castiel had still not come back, and worse, had shown no sign of his presence.
Castiel paused. His eyes remained on the game, but he said, “It appears eating junk food makes you profound, Dean. Who knew?”
“I know.” For the first time on that day, Castiel seemed upset. He lowered his eyes and swallowed hard. He took a deep breath and took another step. Now standing within Dean’s reach, Castiel gently took hold of his hand. “Thank you.” He shifted on his feet, bringing himself closer to him still. “Thank you for not giving up on me. For being so fucking stubborn and—” Choking on his sentence, Castiel shut his mouth tight.
“He told me to leave. He sent me back my stuff with a defini—he filed for divorce. He knows where I am, and now that he’s apparently a big traveler, I don’t think it would be an issue for him to stop by, if that’s what he wanted. But he didn’t. He didn’t say anything. Or do anything.”
When he came back to the living room, however, Castiel was granted a surprise. Dean, lying on the couch, had apparently wasted no time.
As the frenzy around him increased each day, Castiel rapidly understood that people not only looked forward to the night in question, but that finding the
Dean, nearly jumping out of his skin, was surprised to find Castiel in the corner of his room, sitting on the floor with his arms wrapped around his legs.
Castiel severely doubted that attestation, and was about to tell Sam so, when his phone buzzed again.
“Relax,” said Dean. “I’m not gonna do anything.” There was a short pause and then he added, “Unless you’re not opposed to it. I mean, that would really speed up the warming—”
One thing he began to do every night was take a night swim. Just enough to cool his body, making sleep bearable in the heavy heat.
Sam, relieved, thanked her on everyone’s behalf and assured her that they were hastily on their way to them.
Deducing that he was simply letting his imagination run wild, Dean shook his head, and with a steady step, grabbed his jacket, ready to begin his morning rounds.
He scanned the room a few times, but eventually, with the help of Alicia, who quickly pointed him towards the end of the room, he spotted Dean near the bar.
“No problem.” He installed himself properly into his bed. Pulling on the thin covers and fixing his pillows, Sam then rested his back against the wall and began eating his treats, after Dean had opened the bag and left it on the night stand between their beds. “Was Grandpa mad when you arrived?”
By the time Dean had finished his second burrito, Castiel looked like his usual self. His posture wasn’t as tense and his eyes were no longer filled with worry, either.
When Dean let out a distinct moan, which resonated all the way down to Castiel’s groin, Castiel began pushing himself downwards, while delicately running a hand along Dean’s side, making him quiver.
“I know. But I’m okay.” He played with the edge of his sheets with his uninjured hand and finally looked at Dean after saying, “Is Grandpa up already? Is he—he must be really mad, still?”
of these said missing prisoners everywhere in the galaxy. Like, freaking everywhere. Walking around. Free. And some were already causing havoc.
“Obviously, even after a month, I still won’t know enough to carry this on my own, but I thought if we find someone back home with the proper expertise, that could be something new and interesting to add at the ranch. I told Donna about it and she eagerly took it upon herself to find out what and who we need to set this up.”
She turned her eyes to him. She lifted her hands around his neck, caressing his cheek with her thumb. She leaned in just enough so he could feel her breath on his lips, but didn’t go further, luring him.
Dean nodded, seemingly lost in his thoughts for a moment, and then said, “Can I ask what was the situation? With Kelly, I mean. I—I’ve seen the photographs in Jack’s room—which is a totally kick ass room by the way—and in one of them, you guys looked pretty young compared to the ones when she was pregnant. You must have known each other for a long time.” And then, he added quickly, “Unless I’m crossing a line and it’s—”
“No apologies needed,” Castiel assured him. “And that would be great, thank you.” He sat down at the table, while Dean dropped the coffee pot and Castiel's favourite "Bee Happy" yellow mug in front of him, before returning to his eggs.
Your father, despite his young age at the time, helped me when I started my ranch. My father, and even his father before him, had owned the land and the ranch, and had struggled immensely with it. So much so that when I inherited it, I considered selling it. But then I met your father and he convinced me otherwise. He brought me so many clients and potential investors. He had an impressive network at his disposal and was eager to help. The ranch might have bloomed more than I ever thought possible, particularly because of Dean’s ingenuity, over the last decade or so, but why we were ever on the map, why I managed to keep ownership of this place, was because of your father. I owe him. I’ve tried to repay him since then and he has been eternally stubborn.
