The alpha was bearing his teeth. Eyes blazing with rage. Then all at once he stopped. His eyes lost that feral gleam and his snarl turned to a cruel smile. Sharp enough to cut glass and Tony held no doubt he would use it without hesitation.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Unless you’re under a microscope, you’ll have better luck getting Ty’s attention.”
But none of them realized their mistake quite like Prior had. The color was completely gone from his face with no traces of the mini rage ever being present. Fear was written all over his body and had they been in their shifted forms Tony was absolutely sure that Prior would've had his tail between his legs and ears down as he bared his neck to Bruce.
The Avengers. He couldn’t believe they were actually thinking of joining the
Unused to it Tony was unable to keep contact with Steve as he stared at him in amazement. He turned his gaze down to Vision and muttered a “Thank you.”
Time was moving, the eggnog was disappearing and the fun was still had. Then Tony and Colonel Jim went tumbling as they dragged each other to the door where mistletoe hanged. Steve watched fascinated as they each gave the other a kiss on their cheeks. Many of them. So many kisses.
Dammit, there went his only excuse to leave for the shacks. He could try outright saying he didn’t want to be there but who knew how the Avengers would react. If they couldn’t embarrass Tony for revenge they could retort to a physical confrontation instead and the last thing they wanted was to give Hulk a reason to make an appearance.
“Nothing more I can do for this part right here,” Steve said through his admiring daze. “Seems to want a permanent place on your head.”
Tony waited for the alpha to say something simple like the sun or reflections to explain why he was glowing. Instead, Steve reached for his hand and intertwined their fingers together. “Could be because you're sitting next to me.”
Steve hadn’t even attempted to stop her.
When they were a yards distance away Clint’s trotting turned into a full out run. He shouted something about “home sweet home” before grabbing onto what appeared to be a wooden fence that decorated a section of the wall used for the garden and began
one. He had the option again.
“My heat scent, Rhodey. You’re smelling it right now. I… smell horrible.”
Hydra packs really stuck to their name. Growing another head once one had been chopped off.
“Loki!” Jan cried in outrage for him. At the same time, Rhodey growled and bared his teeth at the snake.
“But the sun is going down. Our shack.”
“Exactly.” Which was why he didn’t have it on. “What about you two?”
“That’s good, considering that big guy can probably slice me in half easily.”
He tried to get as comfortable as possible and wondered how Bruce managed this every night. The other omega must have a back of steel because already Tony would feel his side burn from the pressure. He shifted when Vision made it clear that, human or wolf, he was going to sleep right besides Tony’s belly, determined to be in the center and have someone curl around him. In doing so Vision ended up hiding under the blue coat and released a content sigh.
“Don’t - don’t drink that. Don’t make yourself
Clint whistled, gaining everyone’s attention. “Time for the hunt.”
With much struggle and a heavy heart, he pushed himself away from his mate’s secure embrace. He tried his best not to rustle Steve too much but the moment he detached the alpha’s arm Steve’s eyes snapped open and frantically searched for visible danger. Tony made a noise when Steve pulled him back against his chest so securely no movement was possible.
When Peter opened his eyes and saw the carriage he jumped in joy. He laughed and pointed at the craft. Excited beyond a doubt. “A carriage!” He ran to it. The wheel of the thing was nearly his same height.
Military shifters having been captured and held prisoners with no hope of escape, only for one alpha to come in and secure their freedom and their victory. Ever since, they had remained together as a pack under the approval of their land’s regime and the Captain’s leadership.
“I already tried. Rhodey is still a bit bashful with me. Once I get my chance I’ll make sure he never puts on clothes again. He’ll be too tired to.”
, Tony thought heavy hearted,
“B-because I - I don’t, I don’t want them to…”
Now everyone knew how incompetent he evidently was when it came to providing something for the strength of the pack. Instead of adding all he had done was take and take and hold them back from their full potential.
With more effort than he wanted Tony pushed what was left of his pants off, needing to lift his legs in order to chuck the clothing to the ground. Doing so forced Steve to remove his fingers and Tony bit back a whine of displeasure from the loss. He sat upright again and with a hand on Steve’s shoulder as leverage and rising on his knees he angled himself to hover right over Steve’s crotch. The alpha’s erection had pearls of precum forming and running down the length. A proud sight for many eager to show off and posture against others and impress potential mates. For Tony… it was a familiar sight that always brought forth pain and constantly tested his abilities to hide his discomfort and fake the pleasure, but he had always passed in the end.
Tony didn’t think he was ready to hear what his pack truly thought of him.
Tony relished the warm contact. “Trying to think of ways I could get rid of you both.”
“Tony…” he heard Steve say but he knew the arms wrapping around him belonged to his best friend. He buried his face in the fabric of his shirt. The smell that belonged purely of Rhodey soothing in its own way.
When they reached the spot the two birds declared sufficient, they all dropped everything in their arms and collapsed in different angles on the ground. There was a long sigh of relief from all of them. The closest town most likely heard it. Tony for sure was the source of the loudest. He groaned when his back hit the tree and he slid down, or at least he would’ve slid down if not for Steve keeping a firm grip on his arm and hip and settling him down gently. Then unceremoniously plopping down himself.
long since he last received any form of care during his heat. Back when his scent had yet to catch up with his barren nature and had actually been pleasant, Hammer would spend every moment with him until his heat subsided. He would go right for the point. Do the act and give himself pleasure without ever once considering Tony’s welfare or emotional state.
The alpha pulled a face when he finished it, smacking his lips at the aftertaste. “That’s some bitter stuff. Worse than the suppressants. Hank’s got a knack for getting rid of any flavor.” He stuck his tongue out in agitation as he moved the tray down on the floor. “His note said to give it at least half an hour. An hour to be absolutely sure it takes effect in time before we get going.”
in case. They didn’t want to overstep their boundaries. Steve gave them a nod, flushing slightly. “Sorry, yes go ahead and sit wherever you want.”
Tony understood what Jarvis was saying. Steve wanted him and only him, but time changed opinions, and what if later on Steve got the desire to have little Steves running around?
Sam contemplated the question, looking to the alpha leader for approval. When Steve gave a small nod he said, “Steve has a dislike for people picking on others. He can't stand it. We're thinking that gets tenfold when it's someone he has an eye for.”
Instead of answering Jarvis moved his wings in a shrug and said “Is it not true? I believe Alpha Rogers’ interest is obvious.”
Tony released a whined and tried covering his face to hide from what could only be Bruce.
“You both can decide on which room to take. This one or the one next door. They’re about the same, perhaps one being cleaner than the other. We can get Clint and Hank to clean up their mess right away if you want,” Steve explained.
“In my defense I haven’t exploded anything in two weeks.”
Even when he got irritated and showed the signs of losing interest Hammer would simply order Tony away, the closest to throwing Tony out, and share the bed with a young and warm new body he discovered near the town while Tony sat idly by alone on the small and cold bed in an empty room Hammer had used to store his products and inventions. Tony would remain there until Hammer decided he missed him enough to allow him back, push away the young body that had apparently served their purpose and have Tony all over again, until his interest began to diminish and the process was repeated.
“Steve cares for you too much to do that.”
Tony gave a huff and trotted over to a now sitting Bruce resting against a tree. Vision was already there and swaying side to side, still apparently mocking him.
“You had Thor in that pile. Thor isn't exactly just a little weight,” Bucky huffed towards the direction the feline was sitting at.
“You hurt?” Tony asked for lack of a better thing to say.
Everyone in the room turned to look at their leader. For his part Steve managed to hold himself tall with confidence until eventually the stares wore him down and he rubbed the back of his neck bashfully. “I didn’t get around to asking them yet.”
“Making sure to wash every inch of you,” Steve moved those hands back up and down his arms, taking care to go slow and gentle and soothing. He sighed and let his body slump against his alpha, enjoying the feel of the strong chest against his back and the caress over his skin. Steve moved sensually, rocking back and forth.
“I didn’t mean for it to happen.”
,” the voice brought back panic. It made shivers go down Tony’s spine. Not the good kind. The kind that left Tony bare and shaking and at the mercy of the owner. “Is this where you’ve been hiding the entire time? If I had known you wanted a pond I would have made it for you,
Tony hurried inside, wanting the privacy of walls around him long ago. Inside there was a single bed, large enough for two and with a long linen blanket over it. Easier to clean than fur and more convenient, but less comfortable over the stiffness of the mattress. Desperate times called for less luxury. He’s had worse, he reasoned. The hardness of the ground with stones and branches digging into his sides something he didn’t want to repeat.
And to think he onced believed there was nothing left of his heart to break.
“Don’t exaggerate.”
It was too bad Steve revealed everything before he could’ve said yes.
He couldn’t let it keep going. He had brought it upon himself. It wasn’t fair to Steve to keep the illusion running when he had no idea it was even an illusion.
She didn’t wait for a response. She marched right outside without looking back, and Steve followed after her. He did so suddenly and without warning, it left Tony a little shocked and standing alone with the brunette.
do you
Tony perked up. Steve noticed. “We are, of course.”
Tony chuckled, despite his throat stinging from the knowledge of Steve standing up for betas and omegas, standing up for those near the bottom, and getting emotional about it. “I take it Bucky wasn’t exactly happy with you fighting?”
The alpha leader of the pack made a grumbling sound, mortified. “Please ignore them. Every single one of them. I don’t know any of them.”
He moved his arm to wipe the tears away with his sleeve only for his wrist to get caught by another hand and held in place inches away. A handkerchief was shoved at his face and he blinked in surprise at the serpent.
There was movement to his left. Steve sat down with his legs crossed as well and was close enough for his right knee to bump against Tony’s left. “You can understand him? I mean, the sounds he makes, you can understand that?”
“I believe this means I won,” Natasha said with an elegant shake of her fur.
Tony perked up and quickly followed in, choosing to sit next to Rhodey while Steve remained standing. It was time to plan for the next day’s attack.
“Sir?”
He passed tree after tree, pushing harder than he had ever pushed before. He needed to get closer, he needed to gain as much distance from the town as he could and as close to the mansion as possible. His howl could travel long distance. All of the canine shifters’ howls could travel far. If he could just reach them he could have his pack rescue him.
An excited child was not one to be reckoned with so Ben and May worked quickly to set up the harness on Tony and get it connected to the carriage. Tony stood still as they whirlwind around him. Peter impatiently waited on his seat. His little legs were kicking wildly as he watched his aunt and uncle.
“Yeah? How’s that?” Tony released a soft, bitter chuckle. What look had Steve possibly given him to have Jarvis take notice?
“That hurts, Nat. I'm wounded you would say that.”
It didn’t matter to him. They were a threat and so he continued warning them.
In one effort and without breaking a sweat the wall began moving. It cracked on the sides from where they stood and began descending inward. Tony and Pepper watched in amazement as slowly but surely the wall continued further in, changing what they believed to be a simple door with a small space into a dark tunnel. With each step Rhodey took there was an echo of stone scraping on stone. Further and further they entered, the tunnel expanding deeper than what was structurally possible. Soon Rhodey’s breathing had a notable grunt in it with every push but he continued. At one point Tony saw how in the start of their walk the floor was leveled out but now his and Pepper’s hair were falling forward and their steps expanded.
He almost couldn’t believe who he was thinking of.
The fish were beginning to sizzle just as Steve returned with two branches in his mouth that had apples and peaches connected to them. The alpha had an awkward waddle as he tried his best to keep the fruits attached and not accidentally knock them off. He put them down next to Tony and puffed his chest out in pride, tail wagging and eyes sparkling.
He didn’t want to move from his spot. With the way his muscles protested thanks to their vigorous activities, his body clearly didn’t either.
He gave a sigh. Nothing he could do now as he waited for Steve to return with the female beta and introduce them properly. If they were both going to be a mate of Steve’s than Tony needed to prepare to be civil. They would be sharing after all and nothing ruined the moment more than arguments.
Bucky didn’t look impressed, not that Tony expected him to considering he had a bite wound on his snout. Tony flattened his ears as low as they would go, hoping to lessen his punishment, even if it was a little bit. Anything, so long as he wasn’t kicked out of the pack.
“Aye,” Thor included, now seeming to be towering on his two legs. “Your disappearance had caused a great rift within our pride and much heartbreak for our leader. Loki, as well, had shared in our misery.”
allows it to go on for so long? Who assigned them that role in the first place? They don’t know the first thing about leading! If they can’t take care of their own, how can they care for a pack? They have some nerve -!”
need them. “Never hurts to be too careful.”
“Was not,” Tony stubbornly persisted.
“He spoke to me about this. A few days before you were taken,” Sam revealed. “I won’t say more. This is something you both have to talk about in private.”
Tony nodded in understanding. “He's got interesting choice of words.”
“I suspected it,” Loki revealed, “but I could not confirm it. I saw your magic gathering near your core most. That could be for many reasons, pregnancy included, but unless it was inspected,” he shrugged.
They made their way around, keeping an eye and ear for the signal from Jarvis, who was currently flying high in the air watching them all and hopefully at a safe distance from any firearm’s reach. Clint led them around the area, crouching to keep low in sight and Loki’s active spell making it impossible for Hydra shifters to hear them. Clint’s keen eyes made it difficult to strike as each time an enemy appeared they were taken down long before Rhodey, Tony or Bruce could even prepare to aim. There were a few stragglers that managed to sneak right through Clint, his eyesight managing to miss them and his hearing not able to catch them. Rhodey was quick to take them down with Tony snatching one strike for himself.
No, he couldn’t stop now. This was for Steve and Steve was worth every little discomfort.
Hank continued his pace. “I’ll get there eventually.”
“You have little faith.”
There was a flicker in Bruce’s eyes, a flicker that signalled he wanted to ask but decided against it with everyone present. Brucie was going to demand answers, he was sure of it, but thankfully when they were alone. That was, if Tony was going to have a moment alone. From the way Steve’s flank was still pressed against him he figured the alpha was going to remain true to his words and stick to him like a limpet.
Once upon a time, he thought he had been worth all that and more, but now? Now, Tony understood the lengths needed to support the ones you love and the little white lies required to make it happen.
” Both Tony and Rhodey shrieked together. They briefly glanced at each other and turned away with a grimace.
’ it’s perfect.”
It took some time for Hank to calm down and for the stench of anguish to lessen. The beta was distant, quiet, had his eyes downcast and followed after Jan without purpose. Jan herself was trying hard to appear strong and unaffected, but her eyes still showed unspoken fear.
Tony watched in disbelief as Steve charged for the shifted wolf that most resembled a malnourished coyote. Sharp edges and appearing ill the wolf truly underestimated Steve and soon regretted challenging him, but regret was not going to stop Steve. The scent of blood filled the air along with absolute terror, and urine. Two of the three that remained took it upon themselves to try and challenge Steve together, hoping getting Steve outnumbered would favor their odds, but it only angered Steve further. The third did the wise decision and fled.
? Do you know how long I’ve been living in these shacks? How long we’ve all been living in these shacks? I’ve watched countless packs pass us by without a single one offering to recruit me, and when the
Tony switched his gaze over to Bruce, understanding what the coyote was implying. He was more than happy to switch the attention and the teasing over to his fellow omega. Especially since Bruce had hardly received any of it.
“Says the shifter who was pacing and worried sick about the idea of not knowing.”
Bruce looked amazed for a moment, probably surprised that a cockatoo had such good manners. “He’s not a cockatoo from around these parts, is he?”
“The others should still be in the inn. We can order food there. Get ourselves a big meal,” Steve said as he searched the area for signs of this inn.
the little alpha that lost the fight trying to defend me?”
When Vision calmed down Tony picked him up with his good arm and sent the shifted Avengers a reassuring smile. “He’s fine. Not a huge fan of deep water but he’ll be all right. You did nothing wrong.”
Tony would’ve enjoyed staying out longer. All they had done was talk and reminisce and cuddled together without a single shift of mood or a move to initiate a heated tumble on the grass and dirt. In fact, the thought of it never once crossed Tony’s mind. He had spent hours alone with Steve and they had just talked the whole time. Was Steve truly real?
. In his mind, he would always be second when measured to all, but his mind wasn’t all minds and the minds that mattered the most wouldn’t allow him to devalue himself without a fight.
“What? No! Get off me,” Sam tried peeling off Clint’s octopus-like grip on him. “You’re stinking up the whole forest.”
Either way, they were crossing a lot of land. So much land that Tony had failed to keep up where exactly they were heading. He just knew they were heading west thanks to the setting sun and not much else. He tried to keep track of any nearby towns they passed, but the route Hammer had chosen was acutely picked to avoid running into too many eyes. Rarely were towns spotted. Even less were people on the roads. The beta guards were paid handsomely to make that possible no doubt.
Without even waiting for a confirmation Tony grabbed hold of Steve’s face and pulled him in for a fierce kiss, pouring all his emotions into it. He was thankful, grateful, for everything and he didn’t know how to even
because his interest had wavered or Tony wasn't enough anymore that Tony feared the most. He didn’t believe Steve would ever do that to him, and the thought never once crossed his mind since Steve started courting him, but seeing his alpha go after another brought forth even more insecurities he wasn’t aware of.
All that was missing was Hank and Tony didn’t see him until they went further in the building and saw him sitting on his own in the corner of the room. The beta had no drink or plate of food. He was staring at his hands and appeared to be in thought and it reminded Tony of the fact that they still needed to talk, as per Hank’s request.
“Pepper! Happy!”
But the very idea of losing Jarvis and Vision… Tony didn’t think he’d be able to survive that.  No, Tony was too selfish to push them away, and because they themselves weren’t going to leave him willingly they were going to put up and follow Tony until the end. It was probably wrong of Tony to do, but he couldn’t find it in his heart to let them go.
She grins. She’s very beautiful doing so. “Just as it should be.” She went silent for a moment. Her eyes studied him, making a decision of his character. As his mate’s close friend and as someone their packmates have known longer she had every right to. Tony couldn’t help nervously twitching. He hoped with all his might she approved of him. Somehow it felt if she didn't Tony would be sent walking.
“What was that for?”
“Want to check what other slower game this forest has for us later on? No offense, but by the time you get four other rabbits it’ll be time for breakfast again,” Tony offered. “I smelled a river nearby while running. Maybe there’s fish in it.”
Chapter was getting long and would've been longer if I didn't stop.
“We talked about this
when I realized you weren't home. So… so terrified when no one knew where you were.”
will.” He must have had obvious hurt in his eyes for Steve’s ears went down in remorse. “Tony I would
“Nay, Loki. We have all heard what you disbelieve,” Thor said for them all and then grin. One of the widest ones Tony had ever seen. “He has taken pride in the pleasures of the flesh!”
At the end of the letter was the familiar signature. Mature now and very much professional.
“I’ll take you,” Natasha said and together the pair left. Tony didn’t even get a chance to get back at the omega since he walked away without once looking at him. Bruce knew.
The anxiety returned. Tony had no control over it and now there was no doubt that he was assaulting Steve with his emotional state and he cursed himself for not having better control over it. Hammer hated it when he got like this. He learned to push it down years ago so why was he behaving this way now?
, but it was nothing but a spur of the moment thing, and from a kid no less.
Then he just so happened to hear the comment, “Hydra packs are involved, Steve. Not one pack.
The brunette next to her placed a hand on her shoulder. This caused Sharon to suddenly turn away and gestured to the door of the Inn. “Excuse me. I’ll go and check on the others. Make sure they haven’t caused trouble.”
Tony understood what he wanted to say. “Steve -”
Tony continued eating, mindful of their conversation and any sudden comments that would send him into a coughing fit. He was halfway done by the time they gave him a question.
This was - this was his territory, too. He didn’t know how such a small thing, a simple word, could make him feel so emotional, but damn was it happening.
Steve smiled fondly but lowered his gaze. “I do, don’t I?”
Big question. Small answer. “Around four days, maybe five. From what I can remember at least.”
“Being mated to Steve. My condolences.”
Tony allowed Loki’s words to sink in, hope slowly growing where it had no place to be. Could his explanation hold some truth? “I didn’t.”
“Almost there then,” Steve said slowly, blinking to clear his thoughts. “That - that’s pretty strong. We have minutes, at least. Better hurry.” He offered the goblet to his lips. “Drink up.”
“Can we?”
Tony hummed, leaning his head into the hand pulling his curls.
Tony grimaced at the suggestion and felt Jarvis stiffen. He gestured to the cockatoo with his eyes when he said, “I sort of live on a strict no-bird diet.”
Still, he should be thankful, even if he was to sleep alone. He got used to it with Hammer. He could get used to this. Besides, he had Bruce and his new pack to look forward to in the mornings. He’d be eager starting the day with them.
“Tony.”
Tony held back a groan. “You’re playing dirty.”
There were some days where Tony wondered how his life would have been like if someone had promised to search for him the same way the child did. Sometimes he wondered if the child would have kept his promise and sought him out when he was old enough to take a mate, but knowing how kids’ minds worked the child had probably forgotten all about it. Still, what Tony would give to find a mate that stared at him just as that kid had done. Stared at him as if he was something to be cherished.
“I can’t be sure. I haven’t experienced any heats for a very long time.” Gods, it hurt to say. Shortly after he hit his twenty-fifth year did his heats finally come to a stop. Years under Hammer’s care with his heats smelling foul and his body starving of proper nutrients and affection, his body finally gave in and stopped altogether, signaling something horribly wrong within.
Tony choked when he swallowed wrong, caught off guard by the last question. Jan patted his back in sympathy. “You know Steve will sooner hide your body than allow you to bribe Tony into being your mate with your food. No matter how great it tastes.”
He had gotten so used to the cockatoo Tony couldn’t remember how his life had been without him. He loved the cockatoo and he figured the cockatoo loved him back. The bird had stayed by his side for the past twenty years. Surely there was a reason for it. Jarvis first entering his life was a memory he was never going to forget.
“This is him. This is Tony,” Steve introduced with a smile and a hand on his shoulder. Pride in his stance and voice.
“But I thought -”
It appeared to be exactly what Steve had been hoping for as the alpha smiled and cupped his face gently. “If they so much as show their faces to any of us, they're dead. Your godfather is a dead man walking. Don’t get me started on what I will do.”
To themselves.
“You’re part of a team now, Stark. Being part of a team means thinking about someone other than yourself.”
. “She actually wanted me to tell you hi for her.”
“Of course you’re handsome, no doubt about it, but this outfit adds more to it. You’re more than handsome. You’re stunning, and beautiful, and gorgeous and magnificent and even foxy and someone worth ravishing,” she finished with a wink. “You’re everything I just said and I gotta say I’m very proud with how that outfit turned out. That coat really defines your curves and those pants… I never imagined you’d be hiding something so
The sun was starting to set in. The golden rays of orange and red were left to illuminate their surroundings before the cool and dark color of the night seeped in and took over. The excitement of the day had taken its toll on some of the Avengers as Jan and Hank cuddled up together and Clint falling asleep on his spot with his head falling slowly only for him to whip it up again revealed. Sam was no better lying down and curling up next to Clint. All of their eyes appeared heavy with sleep, including Thor and even Bruce. The only ones who remotely looked awake were Tony, Bucky, Natasha and Loki, though the latter kept resting his eyes every once in awhile and was probably seconds away from falling into a blissful slumber.
He blinked.
Tony nearly whispered.  His bag he left behind in their shack that had his gauntlets in them that he swore nobody was ever going to use on an innocent shifter or against him ever again.
“What’s gotten your tail?” Always the blunt one, his Rhodey.
Tony opened and closed his mouth, unable to answer. It was enough for Loki.
Another down. Three more to go!
Clint looked so heartbroken Tony almost hugged him to ease the apparent sorrow. “You monster!”
Thus, Tony left his old life and earned a new one. The old workshop became his home and Thor and Loki became his uncles by proxy. Though it was Loki that argued he was the one who stopped Tony from losing fingers while working in the shop.
His response was a very defiant beep from Vision as he rolled his body in a circle before releasing a high sound and speeding off after Clint, Sam, Thor, and the newly added pair to the game, Jan and Hank, who turned out to be dingoes, distinguishable by their fur color and their smell. One had a soft brown color in their fur while the other had a soft and dirty golden hue to it, matching the hair color that Jan and Hank had. Similarly Sam and Clint also had the same colored fur as their hair. Sam having the dark shade a few tones away from being completely ebony and Clint having a darker golden color compared to Hank’s, and even darker compared to Thor’s sunny yellow.
Mindful of not accidentally folding an edge of the comic, Steve opened to the very last page where Tony was drawn walking next to Pepper with Rhodey in front of them pushing a very large wall that would be physically impossible for a normal human. The last few boxes were pictures of the tunnel they were walking through and on the final box there was a bright white circle that gave the idea of light being seen through darkness before the ‘
“It’s… not pretty.” No point in lying. “Not something you want to see.” Steve didn’t look convinced. “The scars on my chest aren’t the most attractive things.” He sighed, looking down.
want to be titled as the shifter who was friends with the Avengers’ killer. There were too many eyes to try and escape that title.
“What?”
Tony gaped. “Did you just scold me for Steve kissing me without your permission?”
“What was that? Get on with it? Ya heard that, boys?”
Bruce’s eyes softened from the confusion that appeared. That confusion slowly changed to realization and then to sympathy. Tony looked away, eyes to the ground and with a heavy feeling in his heart. “No matter what one says, what they promise, a pup is reason enough to take it all back and change their minds. Steve… Steve would make a wonderful father, but he needs someone capable of giving him the chance.”
It hurt just thinking about it.
A bubbling rage from the dragon built up in Tony’s chest but he ignored it as best as he could. He needed answers and this might have been it. Clearly this hydra knew what they were and what had happened. “You know what has happened then,” it wasn’t a question.
” Tony shrieked as his alpha, the death of him he kept finding out, just grinned.
“I’ll be his best friend.”
There was no way to hide the smell he knew his body was emitting. There was no mistaking the heated scent released and he knew Steve knew this, and as Steve continued those small circles that oh so slowly went lower and lower with each completed shape he also had the feeling Steve knew
“What do you mean?"
“That isn’t enough to let you start the chase. We’ll end up running all night if you do.”
“Probably,” Tony repeated and he found himself thinking… “but why Iron Man? Couldn’t they have though of something more… shorter?”
“They…” Hank’s voice cracked, “they took action. Cornered me when I was alone. Didn’t hesitate or even looked back. We didn’t either when I was well enough to walk again. We weren't… well. Not many would be after that. Jan was broken. I was broken. We still are. That’s how Loki found us days later. He must have seen something in us worth helping, or probably felt sorry for us, but that’s how we joined the Avengers ourselves. Loki vouched and was the sole reason we are here today.” The beta’s gaze was toward the direction of the shifter mentioned. “I will say, we weren’t the greatest at first. I had fears, so did Jan. We were cautious, expected the worst. Every little move the others had done caused us to jump and every word spoken was an attack. Similar to how you started off, actually.”
“The moment you heard?” Tony’s heart skipped a beat and it wasn’t from joy.
Bucky returned the favor and continued trying to grab hold of the coat, receiving the same results when Steve snapped his teeth at him. They went back and forth, moving around to both strike and cover different spots all around Tony. It was a slow understanding for Tony, but once he figured out that the two alphas were
“Are you challenging me?”
The love and adoration that came from Ben’s smile was almost too much. It reminded him of Steve. “Thank you for delivering the message. She’s gotten stubborn about visiting this place, worried Scott might poke around and get hurt. Don’t blame her for it, but it does make me miss the moments she used to bring me baked goods. Gave me something to look forward to.” With that Ben put his gloves back on and grabbed the hammer on the anvil. “Best get back to work.”
Tony had never felt so mortified. Scratch that. He had and he still wasn’t used to it. “Can we
“Yes! Every day."
“But you
“You didn’t have to wait for me,” Tony walked through and closed his door. “You should’ve gone down and gotten a plate already.”
“About damn time!” Bucky said when they
“Would you ask her that question?” Steve growled, causing Bucky, along with everyone else, to blink.
“I don’t want anyone hurt.”
Tony added five runes on the bow. One on the center of the bow to bolster the wood and make it indestructible. Four on the side of the bow to give it it’s power. A red rune that, upon contact with an arrowhead, would ignite it in flames. A blue that would frost the arrowhead and carry with it the magic that would freeze any target upon impact. A white rune that would light up the arrowhead and send shockwaves the moment it touched a target. An orange rune that would stress the arrowhead to the point of an explosion. The blast doubled with the magic the rune would give.
Tony twitched at the sudden question and quickly berated himself at the reflex. He had been doing so well. “There’s always something on my mind, you know that, Brucie.”
The red fox nodded and made her way to the center of the spot where she was closest to everyone while still keeping a reasonable distance away.
“Mind if I join you?”
They played together for the longest time that day. They played tag with Steve waddling around determinedly with his layers of clothing while Tony dashed through with worryingly less. They threw snowballs at each other. They built a snowman and created snow angels. Steve’s cheeks were flushed from the cold and from the joy of having so much fun with a friend.
“It’s already morning, if we don’t hurry up we might end up missing them.”
“I know they were,” Tony said, returning his attention to Bruce and trying to sound convincing. He didn't want to worry the omega with his self-doubt.
It makes sense later on.
Tony’s eyes landed on their clothing in an instant. He hadn’t noticed before, too busy panicking to pay attention at their choice of wardrobe, but when he saw they were all wearing informal, soft and comfy outfits he almost couldn’t believe it. Now that he was taking in details he also found that Thor wasn’t the only one with hair resembling a bird's nest. Jan’s hair was also sticking out in odd places, but unlike Thor who had it loose and free, Jan had it wrapped in a messy bun. Loki had a neater bed head but there were still displaced strands here and there. Hank didn’t look to have even bothered to brush his down at all.
As if on cue a trill echoed through the forest. A trill created by Jarvis. It wasn’t the signal they were waiting for. It was the exact opposite of what they wanted. It was an alarm, Jarvis warning them of what was to come. Soon enough a blaring horn rang and assaulted their ears and the ears of any living creature of the forest. It wasn’t Jarvis and it certainly wasn’t meant for them.
“Here I thought
The next morning found Tony crouching as low as he could, using a bush as cover as his eyes remained locked on his prey. A grey rabbit was feet away, sniffing and twitching its ears. Jarvis was sitting on a branch over it, keeping an eye out from the sky and making sure the rabbit didn’t run and disappear from sight.
- that’s
“I figured what you’re about to see will make up for it. This is a very delicate situation that we don’t want spreading around. At least not yet.”
He flinched when a hand touched his arm and shut his eyes in preparation for what was to follow. The hand was quickly retracted and was followed by… nothing. Hesitantly, he opened his eyes and searched the direction the hand came from. His heart sank when he realized the hand belonged to Jan and she was looking at him with obvious concern. She wasn’t the only one.
“Are they hunting or just splashing about?” Bruce said to Tony.
In a world where Hammer and Stane felt invincible, where would their selfishness end?
shifted, but the ratio of wolves to humans was large in numbers so he counted himself as being unique for walking on his two feet. Then again, it was currently early in the morning and the land still hadn’t been warmed up to a reasonable temperature yet. That probably played a part in why there were more wolves. Fur was always better in keeping out the cold. Still, he considered himself unique. He'd take any opportunity to think so with open arms.
“Yes.”
Tony pulled back. There was regret and guilt swirling in those dark eyes of his best friend, but Tony didn’t blame him. “You couldn’t have done anything. You were leaving for your military pack and Obie was busy selling me to the highest bidder. I couldn’t go with you no matter how much I wanted to, and as time went on in the end I just couldn’t go.”
“Well, whatever the reason, how do you feel?” Finally, Hank looked at him.
“What if I do shift and the Avengers can't stop me? What if one day I rampage around and end up hurting them and innocent shifters because the other guy can't tell the difference from enemy and friend? What if I hurt you!”
The need and heat coursed through his body, demanding that pleasure that would make his nerves sing under Steve’s touch. He answered with a whispered “yes” and that was all Steve needed before he rolled them over, pressing Tony flat against the bed on his stomach and lifting his hips lightly. Tony half expected Steve to just thrust in, and in all honesty he wouldn’t have minded it so much. He trusted Steve. Even if he were to go rough somehow he knew his alpha wouldn’t actually hurt him. Instead, Steve continued to trail kisses all across his shoulders, holding his weight up with one arm while the other caressed along his hip and down his thigh before coming back up, repeating the motion over and over again.
“Great, now get. Trade will be filled up in minutes. Best to leave now and avoid all those lines.”
That answered everything. “Spells?”
The alpha’s eyes widened. “Did I do something you didn't want? I'm sorry, I shouldn’t have touched there without permission, I -”
Steve pulled away from Tony and reached for the armor. “Thanks, Clint. Anyone downstairs yet?”
“I get the feeling it’s more than nothing.”
“What of your emotional treatment? Had you desire to bear the heirs of your previous mate? Had you a desire for your mate at all?”
“Last I heard, you’re doing wonderfully as a businesswoman yourself. Don’t you have a growing clientele out there yourself?”
“What’s this?” Jan said, “you two aren’t planning to escape our clutches, are you?” she sounded offended, but her smile said otherwise.
“So you
Tony’s heart clenched. Had he somehow forgotten Steve? Was he a horrible mate to have misplaced his memories of his alpha? Now he felt shameful. What did that say about him if he couldn’t even remember his mate?
Steve released a happy sound and his tail gained speed. He trotted over to Tony’s left side and laid down on his belly, tongue out in a happy grin and tail still wagging. If the alpha decided to lean just a couple of inches to his right he’d end up rubbing his fur against the coat Tony was wearing. Tony was tempted on placing a hand over the fur but held himself back. He couldn’t play along with the joke. He needed to stop it. The first step in doing so was returning back to the shacks and since he had a pile of raw fish he had the perfect excuse to use.
“Yet somehow I managed to win you over with my charm and my smile,” Clint gave an attempt at said charming smile.
Tony, on the receiving end of a face full of fur from Steve’s neck, could only lie back and feel every time Bucky added pressure via giant stubborn wolf who was apparently in denial of the morning. There was no escape with Steve’s body weight and grip pinning him down.
This was no different. If Tony tried calling for his pack, Hammer would respond accordingly by causing as much damage as he could before any of his packmates made it to them. Pepper would be hurt. Perhaps retain an injury beyond healing. Could possibly be killed in Hammer’s last stand. Tony couldn’t let Pepper get hurt because of him.
Tony swallowed heavily. No matter what answer he gave there was a pro and a con for it. He could gain work, but also risk getting used, or he could not gain work, but risk getting blackmailed. What was he to do?
The distressing smell they both released only proved it true.
Jarvis ignored him. “I still have my concerns regarding Captain Rogers, but for the most part I approve of him, should you wish to continue this courtship. However, I must inform that, if Captain Rogers behaves in an unsavory manner, I will not hesitate to act. I will go for the eyes.”
Nobody moves even after this. Not until Winter confirms he’s out. The camera gets closer to Falcon and Winter. Falcon has to crawl from under Steve’s slumped form. Winter has to pry his arm out of Steve’s jaws. A crescent mark is left on the armor. Still bleeding and very painful to look at.
“I wasn’t,” he admitted. “I… panicked.”
“Be reasonable.”
Tony didn’t understand if Loki’s wording was supposed to make him feel better or worse about what had happened. If anything it just brought up the guilt and embarrassment for not being able to handle his emotions properly. “I didn’t mean to panic.”
Only 2 chapters left.
Tony gasped softly against Steve’s lips. The friction from the movement certainly didn’t help his libido to stop and his body was more than happy to show it. Steve moved his hands to grab his hips gently and trail him upwards, making Tony’s growing erection rub against Steve’s clothed stomach. Tony’s heart beat heavily in his chest as his blood and heat began rushing through his body and for a brief moment he panicked. It had been so long since his body willingly rose to the intimacy with his alpha. So much so that he almost got dizzy at how quick his body was to jump right at it, and he was also slightly terrified at how Steve would react to smelling his heated scent. That thought was quickly shot down, however, when the alpha manipulated his hips again to grind on the very evident erection attempting to escape the confines of Steve’s pants.
Brown eyes locked on blue. Blue growing softer the longer they stared. Then worry etched itself around them. “Remember your promise, Tony.”
“We didn’t know what time to arrive,” Tony defended, astonished from the fact that Loki, the Avenger that furiously ignored his pack’s antics, was a Serpent Shifter.
“Right. Not the time to tease.” The mattress dipped as Steve shifted his weight in order to reach over and grab the oil on the end table. Tony tracked his movements curiously, wondering what the alpha could possibly want to try right in the middle of his heat. He propped himself up on his elbows to get a better view when he noticed Steve straightened to kneel and carefully waddle around until he was straddling his hips. His eyebrows rose when Steve sat. He was seated right over his abdomen. Hot skin burning the surface. Tony’s dick was plastered against the alpha from behind, perfectly nuzzled in a curve.
“Sir, I must insist you desist your laughter and aid us!”
“Anthony never ceases to impress,” Thor raised an arm in cheer and multiple chuckles rang around the room. It was all stopped when Rhodey rose from the couch, standing straight with muscles tensed. All eyes turned to him.
“And it’s fine, honestly. I knew what I was getting myself into, or I had an idea. Steve didn’t, and it’s not fair for him either.”
“On the bright side at least you’ll never see them again,” Bruce tried soothing.
He stopped mid-step, body going cold at the trickling sensation between his hind legs and landing on his tail. His heart jumped. Already his body was producing slick to prepare for the peak of his cycle and that was bad news. He thought he had more time. From what he remembered his body usually took hours after the initial tingling in his abdomen before slick started to produce and his cycle took full force.
“What? Of course I did, Tony. Why wouldn’t I?” The sheepishness was replaced with a frown.
Bruce lowered his eyes, staring intently at his hands. He had them still with tension. A silent argument occuring in his head. Then with purpose those hands separated, his shoulders straightened and his head was head high, higher than ever before seen on the omega.
“Tony, move.”
“You know I will.” For Rhodey, Tony was willing to create something equal to his own. He trusted Rhodey to do right by it. Pepper as well. Tony already saw what she was capable of. He knew without a doubt she’d take to it like a duck to water.
“At least your name sounds like something to fear. You could have very strong iron defences. Your title could have been given to you because of your tough skin or use of iron weapons, or, you know,
Tony went willingly, hand gripping Steve’s a little tighter than necessary. They rounded the front of the mansion, Steve coming to a brief halt when they were about to pass the corner. “Close your eyes, Tony.”
“The little human seeks answers. You have traveled far and searched wide just to be told your purpose,” the hydra mocked. “You are nothing but a sack waiting to be filled and used. The dragon and his pets had lost their bodies, just as I had lost mine. In one of our many battles our magic collided and destroyed us, turning our bodies to stone. We no longer existed for many years. None found us and our old land became our prison, our old bodies our chains, but you humans prove to be a reasonable substitution. Even as we speak your body is changing. The dragon’s magic building itself inside you. Soon he will break free, the beast wanting freedom again and finish what he failed centuries ago.”
The one facing Rhodey was up next, “How do you expect to fight me like this? You are but children to me.”
Thankfully none of them continued to tease him as they reached their (still empty) shack. He made a beeline for his pack, placed Vision next to it and adjusted his make-shift bed of blankets and his dried coat… that he was not wearing right now… he was holding his coat and wearing…
Tony quickly jumped to correct the last part. “That’s not what I’m doing.”
“I have done no such thing!”
Rhodey’s gaze bounced between the betas. “Well, how about you hold that thought for a moment. I’ve got someone who will want to hear this.”
“You’re not innocent in this, though. If I remember correctly you were there with me jumping over that same fence. Don’t act coy.”
For Jan and Natasha, Tony created something similar in style. Both shifters, though different in their mannerisms of fighting, preferred immobilizing their enemies. For Natasha, Tony created wristbands. Thick wristbands that nearly covered half of the forearms. On both, he placed one white rune. Runes that were meant to activate upon meeting each other and release a shocking experience for any of her enemies and would continue to shock until they meet once again. If left alone to continue for long enough, it was possible she could release the energy much like a bullet. Send the shockwave flying and restrain the enemy at a distance.
Tony had a right to whine, but he understood Steve's reasoning. They were in the middle of a moon run, after all. And right on cue, as if they knew the two were talking about the run, Bucky appeared from behind the trees and gave a warning howl before going low and waiting for Steve to get ready.
the ones to approve of it. Jan, Hank, Thor, and Loki scooted back to keep out of his gaze in fear, using one another when Tony’s eyes trailed after them. Steve jumped on the spot when Tony looked at him for an answer. As pack leader, he would’ve known and probably
Tony ignored the fluttering happening in his chest and walked alongside Bruce after the pack. Out of curiosity he kept his eyes on Sam, wondering how exactly he was going to do his ‘pulling duty’ and felt his eyes widened when Sam casually grasped one of the handles of the cart with just one hand and pulled it along with him. His arm didn’t look to be exerting much force and the cart moved steadily as if weightless, as if it was nothing.
A little embarrassed and unable to keep eye contact, Tony looked down. It was certainly something to think about. Had Steve truly done all this, putting himself front and center, to impress him while also helping his boy?
Tony blinked and then blinked again because the Avengers pack were right there without their crowd of fans and were looking at him and Bruce. Why were they there?
“Captain Rogers looks at you in a manner Alpha Hammer never once had.”
Because of the scrambled arrangement they had taken while trotting over Tony ended up walking next to Steve when the alpha openly waited for him. He fell in step when Tony reached him, daring to make small contact by making his hand brush softly with Tony’s whenever their steps got out of sync. Tony’s heart leaped at every contact and he even purposely extended his arm, the most subtle of movement, in order to increasing the touch. He got the feeling Steve was doing the same.
“A simple guess.” Loki frowned in annoyance. “I sense of your skill, but it is not strong, not like my own. I wield natural magic that my body creates and the usage of staffs is to create a path for my magic to be easily released. But if I were to hand you a staff I imagine it won’t be of any use to you, am I correct?”
The sounds of footsteps returned and through the door Steve appeared. He was calm and collected, or at least from the outside. After hearing what Jan and Sam had said about Steve’s protectiveness Tony had to wonder if on the inside Steve was still on edge from smelling his distress pheromones. The guilt returned immediately afterwards from causing Steve to react to them.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
He cursed that along with all of their youthful and fit bodies. He really needed to get working on his own to at least keep up and not drag too badly behind them.
“Walk me through your previous life with your old pit.”
He swallowed as he shook his head. “No, not today. Bruce, what about you?”
Tony watched him storm off, admiring the view that were Steve's strong legs pushing on the ground and the muscle flexing. Bucky rushed off after the alpha with speed that Tony would never be able to reach. Once again he cursed the youth the alphas carried and their unfairly fit bodies.
Tony spotted the cockatoo flying through tree branches, no doubt staying on top of the rabbit and playing as a marker for Tony to follow. Jarvis swerved left and right, ducking over and under branches. Tony tried his best to follow as closely as possible without accidentally running into a tree. This was the last rabbit he needed. He already had three rabbits caught and under Bruce and Vision's supervision and they needed a fourth. Two for him and two for Bruce. The last rabbit didn't seem to agree and was playing extremely hard to get.
When he felt pain during his cycle that was all it remained as. Pain. He easily distinguished the sting from pleasure, if there ever was any. Never did it once mingled together. Never once had he struggled to distinguish where one started and the other ended. Hammer biting his neck had always been uncomfortable. Steve biting him had been a shock, but not… unpleasant.
The cockatoo nipped his ear. “Considering no one has I imagine my inspirational speeches have caused the intended effect.”
It makes them all freeze, including Steve. His eyes can’t look away from the screen.
“I’ll get you that room. Stay close to the Hulk,” Steve said before entering the establishment. He must have pulled his Captain and leader of the Avengers card, for not even five minutes later he was ushering Tony inside to follow after the owner of the heat building. Up to the second floor she led them and into a room smelling of recently cleansed. It made his nose twitch.
“Steve… please look at me.”
He… really wanted to be selfish. Memories of Hammer taking him in the open, where their pack would openly stare and their gazes trailed his body in ways that made him feel dirty, haunted him to that day. The very image of his current pack possibly doing the same
If Hammer wanted to get rid of him, this was the perfect environment. Tony would never see him coming.
He found he wasn’t too worried about the dangers of ill characters. Not with Steve and the Hulk by his side. He was more worried about the everyday folks of the town. What would they say upon seeing their small group? About the Captain traveling with his pack’s alchemist, with an omega about to enter his cycle and with a monstrous wolf stomping right behind. Would the Hulk cause panic? Would the citizens think it shameful of the Captain to freely accompany an omega in heat out in public?
who was changing Tony’s life.
Odd. Usually an alpha packmate leading another pack entailed that alpha left the previous pack so they could be a leader and broke all ties and was never to return to their old packmates. To have that alpha be part of one pack while leading another… first time Tony had ever heard of it. Howard and Hammer’s views were adamant that if an alpha left the pack in order to lead their own they were forever banned from rejoining should they ever wished it. And yet here Steve was still calling this Peggy person a packmate even after she left to lead her own pack. It was almost… honorable. No, it
” Tony repeats, voice going higher. How would
for me.”
Perhaps Steve thought it had been fun watching him fall and believed Tony was a ridiculous omega and deserved having some sort of trick played to humiliate him further. That would be believable, and sadly the most probable reason as to why Steve was bothering. It wouldn’t be the first time an alpha tried proving their superiority by bringing him down. Hammer did it plenty and Tony quickly learned to force himself not to care and to not show the hurt. He had to, otherwise the past twenty plus years would’ve been hell for him if he took every wounding word to heart and have a piece chipped away from it. To be honest, he still ended up accepting every word and it
Surprisingly Sam didn’t whack him with a cushion. If anything he
“Me, too. I love you, Steve.”
“You four regroup with Thor and the others and stop any from reaching Steve’s group,” Clint ordered before he ran off into the direction of the clearing. “I’ll make sure to keep them alive until you get to us.”
“So are you.” Tony’s voice wavered, and for good reason. Pepper, who he hadn’t seen in far too long -
Tony shook her hand, hoping it wasn’t trembling. “Tony, uh, Stark… Rogers? Stark-
“Mister Tony?”
“You sure you want Steve? Never too late to change your mind. I’ll treat you like a king.”
“It’s very nice to meet you both,” Steve leaned forward in order to talk to Vision and still have a visual on Jarvis. In doing so he ended up getting in Tony’s line of sight and forced him to look at the charming smile the alpha was giving the cockatoo and machine. When Steve noticed him staring his smile grew wider, if possible, and his shiny blue eyes filled with -
Stane had taught him so. Show nothing more and nothing less.
He sighed. What rotten luck. To be carrying just as Hammer and Stane made their move. It was as if he had hand-delivered their leverage on a silver platter. The two would not, and
No one stopped them as they went up the stairs. Instead of heading to his and Steve’s shared room he went directly for his old one assigned to him upon first arriving. His items and clothing having moved some time ago, all except for a set of gauntlets he had hidden under the bed, wrapped in the very shirt he had worn when he ran away from Hammer. In a moment of bravery he gently placed Vision on the floor, pulled the gauntlets out and pulled back the cloth. The shine of red on the fingers glinted back at him, as if saying hello for after so long and happy to see him.
Bruce gave a lopsided smile. “No, thank you. I haven’t done workouts lately. Don’t want to blind you.”
that Hammer had ruined so much for him. The alpha had ruined something many took part in and always expressed delight for and made Tony believe he was the only one destined to suffer through it and Tony was
“Thanks, Buck. I knew you loved me.”
“I understand.”
“I know you can. More than anyone I know you can, Tones, but they want us here. You’re our leader’s mate. They won’t allow it.”
to take control. And then Hammer happened and the last thing that had been on Tony’s mind was trying to maintain his fur as the years caught up with him.
“He’s dangerous, Tony!”
“Get him off, get him off, get him off, get him off, I can’t see!” Sam cried.
“He’s also an ally,” Natasha added, gaining everyone's attention, “and a packmate. He comes with two in one.” Then, to prove her statement true, she walked up to the giant and sat right next to one of his large hind legs. No hesitation and no fear. Her ears barely reached the Hulk’s knee.
“You heard me, Wilson.”
” His alpha was torturing him.
Thanks again and I hope you enjoy!
Hank didn’t look at him, but he did eventually lift his gaze away from the table. “Already over?”
Technically he knew, but he hadn’t actually gotten the chance to attempt it. Knowing and trying were completely different. Instead of looking the fool he decided to accept the offered help. He walked closer to his alpha and spread his arms out in a silent yes.
Tony had been hard at work with his forge, enjoying the sound of steel against steel and the fire roaring in the background. His body sore in the most glorious of ways. Muscles overworked from so much time spent striking and lifting (and other times in more ways than just handling steel). The discomfort in itself was enough to distract him from the trial he seemed to carry often. His body warm with arousal. Scent heavy with need. Ever since the first time he spent together with Steve his body craved that same intimacy almost daily. Enough times to tire out even the youngest and fittest shifter around, but not Steve.
A weight he didn’t know he carried lifted off him. “He did. I start whenever I want.”
“I certainly feel the trust,” Tony remarked drily.
“Hide amongst the trees. Escape their sights,” Jarvis said while pressing himself against Tony’s neck, trying his best to comfort him.
was uncomfortable with? Where in the world had Steve gotten that idea from? None of them had done anything besides welcoming him… It had been
“Right, uhm,” the alpha shuffled his feet nervously. It was odd seeing an alpha with muscles and height acting shy. Usually, young alphas postured and puffed out their chest in confidence every chance they could, but for some reason this one was bashful. Tony wondered what the reason could possibly be. “W-would you like… to…” he continued, unable to find the words.
It was one of the reasons why he was currently walking around the common area near the shacks on two legs. He wasn’t the only one
Tony and Steve were not paid any mind when they reached their pack. Although Clint sent them a glare for extra measures, reminding them of his predicament. Sam didn’t look as if he had plans to help him, but he was certainly enjoying the sight of him and Rhodey with their shirts sticking to their bodies, hiding nothing.
“Come on! I hunted last time.”
“Because helping with the festival is a little more important than a show,” Rhodey said. “She’s a busy mare now.”
There were worse ways he could spend his time.
How undeserving was he, that the only one to ever look at him in such a way was someone who wasn’t even of age, or close to it at all, and probably didn’t understand what he had promised? At least the child never looked for him, if he had survived. Nobody deserved getting stuck with Tony Stark.
“I can’t feel my legs.”
Instead of accepting the apology Jarvis began crouching down to his claws, expanding his wings slowly as if readying himself to jump and strike. Vision mimicked him best to his ability and rolled back, preparing himself to take off. The beta seemed to pale, understanding that he was about to get hurt and none of his pack mates were going to help him, seeing as not a single one bothered to move a muscle. They had accepted his fate.
Tony’s ears went even lower, almost glued down to his head. It
Tony had to wonder why the pack stopped by the shacks in the first place, but whatever the reason for it he was happy deep inside. He never imagined anything interesting happening to him after he became pack-less, but this topped the list easily.
Tony looked up to the worried alpha. “I'm fine, Steve. I can handle a little weight on me.”
Steve practically glowed. “Do you both perhaps want to spend time together then? With us, I mean. The pack and I.”
“Will you behave, Tony?” Hammer repeated, putting down pressure with his foot. Smile gone.
“Sir!”
Everyone groaned, Rhodey growled and Tony’s face turned an instant red. At least he had the conversation topic to distract him with. Hope had steadily grown as he heard his pack leaders talk. If they were talking about what he thought they were talking then maybe he didn’t have to say goodbye to his friends after all. If that were the case then Steve deserved every second of his posturing and Tony would happily allow it. A small price to pay for keeping his best friends close.
“That’d be me,” Sam rolled over and joined Clint.
Rhodey gestured at Pepper and Happy. “Figured it was time for us to go. We came looking for Tony and now that we know he’s safe we can rest easy tonight on the road. We’ll get out of your fur.”
On the first morning of Yule, tiny little Steve Rogers woke up to gifts under his tiny tree. A little odd since they were not supposed to be there until the twenty-fifth, but they were there nonetheless. All of them for his mom. None for him. He was not disappointed. This was what he asked for after all.
Steve noticed how Fury stressed the last part and quickly made the connection. They were currently in Sweden, the last location in the comics Tony Stark had traveled to with his companions. They were also talking about the Marvels comics and about bringing in new/old superhumans that would cause a PR nightmare.
Okay, so this one I admit fought me, a lot, but in the end I won and we've got a bit of progress!
He jumped when another hand was placed on his shoulder and his neck cracked from how fast he turned to the person the appendage belonged to. Sam didn’t remove his hand, if anything he tightened it a little as if trying to ground him and he stared intently.
“That’s enough,” ordered Steve, halting them all. “If he doesn’t want to share then he doesn’t have to.”
The more he pondered it the more it seemed a natural selection. In the time the Howling Commandos had joined them Tony had noticed the characteristics and capabilities of each one of the Commandos. Dugan was a natural alpha, and so was Gabe, but both didn’t carry the sharp command and leadership equal to that of Peggy. Sharon, that Tony had eventually learned was related to Peggy, carried that same stature of command as her relative.
and his longtime
What their ancestors had once been before. What they had to do to survive.
“There you are. You spaced out on us. Where’d you go?”
extent.
He needed to find a way to escape. He couldn’t sit down obediently while Hammer and Stane continued on. They were a danger to himself and his child. He had to focus and find a way out with as little stress and damage to himself as possible. He would no longer remain complicit. Too much was on the line. He refused to remain complicit, but he also couldn't rush in pistols firing. He had to remain quiet. For now.
catch him off guard, and all probably without Steve even realizing it.
Then, for extra measures, he had placed a clear-blue rune in the back of the shield. Its brethren went into the glove Tony had fitted for his mate. When tapped by the base rune Tony had inserted in the other glove it would activate the pull of the runes. The rune on the glove attracting the rune of the shield, therefore bringing the shield, no matter it’s location, back to Steve. Never to be lost again.
“Just stick close to any of us,” Clint said, cheeks stuffed with food. “We’ll tell you which business is decent and which is not. We can even take you to the stall with the best glazed bread around. Trust me, it’s unlike anything you’ve eaten before.”
He and Sharon were not a - a
The kid sniffed and wiped his nose with his sleeve. “I’m fine.”
“Please.”
, really.
Tony would have
Natasha cleared her throat very pointedly. The two betas continues to bicker, oblivious to the crowd around them. Everyone else turned their attention to her. She pulled her legs up on the couch, folding them in as she tucked herself against Bruce’s side. One could see the faintest hint of a blush on his face.
Where the hell have you been keeping that ass of yours?” Bucky froze mid-step, eyes locked behind and below Tony’s waist and giving a
“Are they here to recruit?”
in order to stop the fight. He had bitten his
The air left his body as if it had been knocked out of him and Tony choked up a bit. Before he could respond to the comment about Steve, because Tony wasn’t worth anything to be able to see, Jarvis took the last few steps needed for him to move up Tony’s chest and curled up near his neck and under his chin. “If I may be so bold, Sir, do not comment on how you have no worth. While you are very much a genius you are also very foolish and I do not understand why you are deliberately blind to what we all see.”
He had to hurry. He reached for Steve’s dick and pulled it upward, giving it a stroke while mentally preparing himself for what was to come. Tony took a deep breath and held it as he lowered himself. As soon as the tip touched his lips he felt himself clench up in anticipated fear. He forced himself to relax, opening himself as much as he could and continued down. The tip pushed forward, parting his lips and piercing his walls and he cringed. Like an old friend that would never be forgotten but he never wanted to see again the sharp pain welcomed itself into his body and he began to shake.
“Steve,” he whined, but his alpha remained firmed. He bucked his hips without thought, coming just inches from being touched but Steve pulled his hand back before skin contact was made.
? I knew you were going to reach great heights, Tones, but joining the top of the foodchain pack? Didn’t know you had it in you.”
“Thank you, Steve,” Tony said and leaned up when Steve moved to kiss him.
His alpha was a savior in more ways than one, and if anything he was as insatiable as his own body. Whenever it began acting up Steve was there in an instant, ready to take on his ‘duty’ and sate that need. This time was no different.
Rhodey pushed his bowl over to him. “Here, eat.”
Tony thought. “But they think we said no. Will they still accept us after that?”
“Losing me?” Tony repeated. “But I would
And that shield… if he remembered correctly Steve had a history of always breaking them from usage. What if he were to integrate a rune and make it near indestructible? Somewhere in the back of the shield to keep it hidden most likely. He wondered if Steve had the tendency to lose said shield. He might know of a way to make it so the shield would return to him without hesitation. For two runes to always attract each other.
Their heads remained low but at least they didn’t look as guilty as before.
Steve goes into a feral state while in captivity.
I did, but then Thor, and then everyone invited me and then Hank put a plate in front of me and I couldn’t handle it and I’m
The dark skinned shifter leaned forward to appear in Tony’s vision. “Ignore the idiot. My name’s Sam.” He pointed at the shifter sitting in-between him and Steve. “This one with the glaring face is Bucky,” then pointed at the shifter that had Clint leaning against him, “the guy taking one for the team is Loki and the big guy sitting next to him is Thor. Those two in front are Jan and Hank.”
He walked up to join Bruce, trying to catch any of the Avengers’ scents but all he got was the smell of grass and running water with a hint of unfamiliar musk. “Will we even catch up to them? They’re probably halfway through the forest by now. We’ll end up losing them.”
Whew, it finally happened. I struggled to try to picture the perfect way for this to happen. Struggled I say.
“I know that.” Tony’s arm trembled a little, but his voice was firm. “I know that now.”
“It’s temporary,” Steve reached out to comfort him. “I won’t stay permanently sterile, Sweetheart. I trust Hank. He’s made countless of these mixtures and never had anyone stay sterile for long or forever. Just a couple of days while the rut or heat takes place.”
As they got closer they began hearing muffled voices that became clearer and clearer until they were able to distinguish Steve’s voice barking at someone and demanding answers.
“It's not something - I don't know, something you don't do, I guess. You don't…”
“Why?” Tony said before he thought better of it.
When Steve finally relaxed his jaw and let him go Tony went limp under him, head back and throat exposed. He exhaled in relief. His nerves desperate for a break. He… hadn't been prepared for that. Feeling pain while in the middle of his cycle he was familiar with. Hammer hadn’t been outright violent, but he wasn’t exactly gentle either when his alpha hindbrain took over. Tony was prone to getting injuries, most of it was bleeding a little between his legs from Hammer’s impatient rut brought upon by his pheromones. The others consisted of harsh bites on the muscle of his neck and shoulders.
Old wounds he thought once gone reopened just a little. Hammer always knew how to strike.
Instead he enjoyed the embrace of his alpha and listened contently to the banter that continued around him. Now more than ever when the voices of his oldest friends were also joining in without the tension they carried beforehand. And now with Steve calm and
The alpha’s face lit up, much as it had been happening each time he looked at Tony. “Have a good night, Tony. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He then leaned down to give him a kiss on the cheek before walking away, leaving Tony to make himself comfortable alone.
Steve refused to do so but settled on lowering the genius. This was nice. He felt nice. Tony felt nice. Especially his firm butt. It was all nice.
If Steve sensed or smelled something wrong he didn't point it out, choosing to hold his hand and give unspoken support. Tony was thankful for it. “You will, I promise you that. She's a hard one to let go, especially for Bucky. And she'd say the same thing we are. You look so handsome in that outfit.”
Sam scrunched up his nose and tried pushing the other beta away from him. “Get off me, you stink. If anything you need a bath.”
“Yes, Jarvis.”
“You overthink a situation out of proportions,” Rhodey said, as a matter of fact, believing it. “You see stuff that doesn’t happen. You assume the worst, and you end up pushing yourself further into that dark part of your head. You need to stop for a second. Stop, for now, calm down and breathe. Can you do that for us?”
By the time Hattan started ascending in the distance the sun had moved enough for the early souls to start making an appearance. Businesses were opening and workers were starting their trips to their professions with either obvious annoyance or forced cheeriness. No one appeared to be a morning person.
He clenched his hands. “Look, all I ask is not to mention it to anyone. Please, don’t say anything.”
Understanding dawned on the other omega’s face and he nodded. “If you don’t mind me scaring away any potential pack-less companions.”
Satisfied, the betas turned to walk back where they came from, but Tony didn’t miss how the balding one hid in the shadows of the steps and remained there. Keeping watch.
That was his selfish side speaking. He couldn’t force anyone to have faith in him. He had to earn it and he was willing to work and take every step until Steve, Rhodey and their packmates had a true reason to be proud of him.
in contentment. He kept licking long after the slick was cleaned off and circling his tongue over and over the opening. Tony arched his back, bucked his hips and moved his arms without thought, but no matter how much he moved Steve never once stopped. He didn’t appear fazed at all and just obediently followed when Tony pulled his hips away or pushed against him.
To have Steve willingly sit on his lap and propose the idea? Tony… already had reasons as to why it wouldn’t work. Surely his alpha knew he would disappoint. As an omega, he lacked heavily in that department when compared to Steve. The alpha wouldn’t feel a thing and would leave whatever little confidence Tony had managed to create for himself crushed and grounded on the floor. Tony also lacked the techniques to give. All that he knew of was meant for when he was the one in Steve’s place, sitting on a lap and thighs burning in extortion.
“No,” Tony said stubbornly, keeping Vision from twisting his body and sending warning looks to Jarvis.
Tony couldn’t find it in himself to panic at the thought of someone finding him. Sorrow too strong for him to care. Besides, the stench of his heat itself would ward off anyone. Hammer and his old pack had stated so.
The cold nose on his cheek and the accompanied whine nearly made him jump out of his skin, but when the blue of Steve’s eyes stared at him with concern and glistened with unshed tears Tony couldn’t stop the choked sob that escaped him.
The tower and Loki remained in his mind long after they made their way inside and were standing outside the door to Tony’s room. Steve held his hand and kissed him. “I really enjoyed spending time with you, Tony.”
“I’m sorry…”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Steve continued saying. “I didn’t mean to, I swear I didn’t mean to.”
Behind Bruce the rest appeared, Clint being amongst the first and looking scandalized at the entire ordeal. “You,” he pointed an accusing finger at Tony, “I thought we were packmates for life. I thought we had something special, and then I go and wake up with you nowhere to be seen and no idea of where you could’ve gone and I never felt so betrayed in my life -”
“Pretty sure if he asked Peg that she would kick him to next month,” Sam said, taking the spot next to Clint on the couch.
With every conversation he heard Tony felt himself sink further. He knew they were stating things without having all the information, but a den omega isn’t far off from the truth. Steve recruited them because he had an interest in Tony while Natasha had one with Bruce. They weren’t added to fight. They were just added to remain behind and keep a watchful eye on things while the pack went off to save the day and return to a cozy home. Not that different from a simple den omega, except den omegas don’t usually get courted by leaders and seconds or thirds in command. They were only there as helpers.
“You little double-crosser.”
“Am I incorrect?”
And now he was going to get tainted worse than he already was. The Avengers were never going to bother with him again and Steve… Steve wasn’t going to even look at him.
“Do you even know how to use that thing?” Tony asked, eying it warily.
Here we go. Some porn in the beginning and finally leading up to some action for the next chapter.
“That,” Clint pointed at their exit, “was so hot.”
The Avengers were the same traveling pack Tony had interrupted and now they were getting their revenge. That had to be the reason why they were giving him and Bruce attention. There was no other explanation. God, he had dragged Bruce into this
“Mister Tony, please slow down,” Peter said as Rhodey and Jan trotted alongside him. Tony did so and looked back to make sure Peter was still safe and buckled in his seat. When he was confident Peter wouldn’t disappear he greeted his two good friends.
Steve had the audacity to laugh. “What can I say? You bring it out of me.”
More tears built up. “I didn’t mean to, I swear. I don’t want to keep your friends away -”
He couldn’t even finish what he wanted to say. He wanted to tell Steve to let him keep his friends, wanted to beg not to be ordered to stop talking to them, wanted to plead not to have them turned away, but it was all stuck in his throat. He had pressed his clenched hand against his chest, shaking it uncontrollably from his emotions. He had closed his eyes and never noticed Steve stand or saw the regretful eyes on his alpha.
It took so long, but finally, he knew.
. Now he was going to be made a fool of and Bruce was going to go through unnecessary discomfort and probably think spending time with Tony was more trouble than it was worth and ditch him, all because he wasn’t paying attention to where he was going.
“On second thought,” Steve’s ears perked up, “fruits or berries do sound good. Jarvis will probably want some, too.” Tony took a deep breath. “Do you mind?”
honor. You're the one he has an eye for, as he's mentioned a couple of times already.”
The cockatoo clawed his way up his chest and to his shoulder to yank at his hair affectionately. “Rest, Sir. There is still time yet before the early light catches us.”
Right. He was starving. All this sharing had distracted him momentarily, but now with the focus back, his stomach growled with a vengeance. Tony was about to bid him goodbye when suddenly Hank perked up. Back straight and eyes toward the door. The sure canine signs of someone of interest having just entered the area.
pack, relaxed him enough to just lie down with his eyes close and enjoy the sound of rustling trees and early animals (a group that Jarvis was definitely not a part of, lazy bird) making noise.
Loki was the first to answer. “I believe that is what the habitants are referring our Anthony as.” Then with an annoyed expression he looked to Thor. “I do not understand the excessive need of titles these Canines create. Why speak of their warriors as anything else but their names?”
He was woken up the next morning by the sounds of Steve walking around their room. He was putting on the pieces of fitted armor for the journey. Tony remained still as he watched his alpha dress. The muscles bulging under the cloth as he fitted iron and hide over it. He tightened straps and belts to keep it in place, working with the weight and force to have proper protection. Tony noted was the same armor the alpha had worn the first time the Avengers had run into Tony and Bruce.
“No, if anything we are switching it over and making it about you,” Bruce pointed at him. “What happened that caused you to injure your wrist?”
They stopped and moved away, finally listening. Finally leaving him and his mate alone. Then one of them shot him. One far to the left of him, hitting his exposed neck. He remembers it felt different this time. This shot didn’t bury itself within his skin like the others. This one stayed over the surface, sticking out innocently. He yanked it out in rage.
“Oh, you won’t have to worry about that. No one will be getting close to this particular table.”
“The name’s Clint,” the recently-threatened beta interrupted, giving the back of Steve’s head a dry look. “In case you’re, you know, not getting distracted by Steve there and wondering.”
“What do you mean it
The little twinge of fear that appeared from the possibility that maybe Bruce had figured out his hidden skill made his heart stop for a second. The other omega couldn’t have realized it. Tony never gave any hints that he could manipulate runes, but what other potential could Bruce be talking about? Certainly not his skills in hunting, or his speed, or any form of fighting. Tony was uncoordinated when trying to punch and kick. At most, his only good skill was handling and using weapons, but he never showed Bruce or implied it.
His mate sighed. “There’s no reason to apologize for reacting, Tony. This is important to you and I didn’t think about how it would sound. I should’ve been careful with my words.”
“Tony, listen to me carefully,” Rhodey’s voice was low, dangerous. It grabbed his attention. “Whatever that waste of fur said to you about your heat scent, you ignore it. Do you hear me?”
Hammer would profit from it entirely. Fill his pockets with blood money while Tony’s hands would forever be smeared with the blood.
It soon dawned on Tony what Rhodey was attempting to do. Being part of the pack meant joining them no matter the dangers. Rhodey was making them remember that in order to gain the upper hand, and he wasn’t the only one to figure out the tactic. Realization hit many of them. Most importantly it hit Steve.
Jarvis flapped his wings in place, causing some strands of Bruce's hair to jump back and forth. Vision made a long high note before rolling in a continuous circle over and over again, his version of dancing.
“Hush you,” Tony scolded. “See that? Now Vision is doing it. You’re a bad influence.”
“I’ve been told I smell of a rotting corpse. That’s the nicest one.”
As for Sam, Clint, Bucky, Natasha and Steve, Tony hadn’t confirmed it, but he suspected that the five took up small contracts on their own. Not for big jobs such as hunting stray packs or saving innocents, but small ones that probably consisted of searching for an elusive critter for a frustrated hunter or fetching a lost item or even escorting someone on the road. The stretch of time they would disappear occasionally was enough to complete plenty of small contracts.
Similar to Sam, Bucky came out of the kitchen and was running his hand across his hair, moving strands from his face. “What is Steve getting jealous of again and why is everyo-
Tony, meanwhile, worked himself up for the run that was to occur. He might have failed giving Steve a good run, but maybe with the dingo and the jackal he'd have a chance.
“With all due respect, Sir I have been for the past two decades. Taking Captain Rogers as your mate changes nothing.”
yes, not the ones who I raised since they were newborns and decided to turn treason. All of you will put me in the ground.”
. Feel what I always feel.”
May and Ben were not among those folk and Tony considered himself the luckiest.
They all exchanged looks. Inluciding Jarvis, Vision, Pepper and Happy. The traitors.
Shortly after them, farther to the sides of the arrangement, were the two betas who brought fame to their names for their quick wit and precise aim. Betas who were on equal stance with alphas in skills. Falcon and Hawkeye walked with an attitude that said calm but an aura that whispered threat. To the middle the Wasp and Ant-Man followed, carrying with them mixtures strapped to their sides, waiting to be released and sting and burn anyone in their line of sight. Those unlucky enough to get hit were to soon discover how well their insect names fit.
That had Steve snapping his mouth shut before he reached for his pack and pulled out a coat, scrambling to his feet. “You don’t look bad at all,” he said to Tony and offered his coat with a smile, “you’re more than a fine specimen, but you must be cold. Take my coat.”
Bucky stepped forward to stand next to Steve, arms crossed and face stern. “Seems the entire pack wants to tag along. We’ll have to plan accordingly and map out the area. Find the best cover.”
Tony couldn’t remember the last time he felt safe enough to enjoy a lie down in the forest, to appreciate the fresh air and the surrounding nature and savor the few worry free moments it gave where life and responsibilities couldn’t touch him. Not even with Hammer and his pack was he able to do this, when they traveled the roads and needed to camp. He was always anxious and on edge, waiting for Hammer to order something of him. He could never unwind knowing at any given moment the alpha would demand him to… to demand his body and have it done... in front of the pack. On display like a prized cow. Used over and over.
Steve stayed quiet for a moment, thinking. His expression eventually changed to determination. “Can I try something?”
Yes, he did. Embarrassingly so. “Do you have clothes I could borrow? I haven’t gotten a chance to wash what I have yet.”
He stirred from movement and the sounds of paws padding over wooden floors. Blinking himself awake, he managed to see Steve in his glorious, two-legged and completely naked form bring a tray in before closing the door. On the tray, he managed to spot a platter of dried meat, a loaf of bread, berries, cheese and a goblet of water. On the corner of the tray was a small bottle with yellow liquid and a folded note.
Rhodey sighed. “Why am I not surprised at my introduction?”
-” he pointed at Steve and Tony’s heated scene and Jarvis flapping his wings in protest “- as your leader, but I think it’s a small sacrifice.”
Tony stopped him before he could continue. Bruce was definitely a man of science. “Slow down there. Take a breath. I’m all for questions for the sake of science but I’d rather not talk about this out in the open if it’s fine with you.”
“It’s not.”
“You wouldn’t
Rationality had not played part in his decision to run away from his pack while in enemy territory, and Tony can admit he had been rash in doing so. Only fools would ever consider separating from their pack while traveling dangerous lands, so what had that said about Tony?
The Avengers all claimed a spot one after the other. Each one paired themselves in two and sat in a manner that formed a circle together. The two betas that Sam introduced as Jan and Hank paired up, sitting so close that their shoulders rubbed together. A sure sign that they were mated, and was confirmed when Jan leaned to the side and put her lips under Hank’s jaw briefly.
Hill snapped her eyes away from the file, looking straight at him, “Let's just say it’s going to be a bit of a fantasy for the rest of the day.”
Steve paused his standoff against Rhodey long enough to say, “Shut up, Bucky.”
even want to have breakfast with
“Is it?”
Remember how I said it won't happen how many imagined it'll happen? Yep.
“Feeling better?” Steve said after a while.
Someone muttered a “well damn, Steve,” but they were ignored. Tony focused on his alpha’s hard breathing. Holding himself together just so. Not wanting to risk anything he simply tucked himself against Steve’s own neck and shoulder and relaxed with the warm contact his alpha gave him.
Tony let his head fall on his paws again. He was getting tired now. Both emotionally and now physically. His heat was really taking a toll on him. It had been far too long. “Go ahead. The more the merrier.”
The footsteps got closer and Tony was on the verge of shifting to his wolf in a last attempt to gain distance, but as if fate sensing his last effort it decided he had evaded it long enough. Someone grabbed the back of his coat and pulled, slowing him down just enough for them to pin him on the ground. He struggled against the culprit, grabbing dirt in his attempt to claw free and even throwing some of it on his attackers face.
The sudden shout nearly made Steve drop the bottle. “What? What is it?”
Tony shrugged. “You never know when a moment will arrive. Perhaps one day you’ll join us on the road.”
Steve released a whine. “What possible reason was there for you to travel alone to town? You can still be independent while having someone watch your back. No wait, you don’t have to tell me. It doesn’t matter. Just understand that I’ll be wanting to go along with you to town from now on. Me and some of our packmates.”
Loki seemed to maneuver the direction Sam ran to with his body by leaning side to side and ended up making Sam run right onto the pile that Thor was holding down. The feline took most of the force from the blind tackle, but Tony still felt the added pressure of more weight. Then even more weight was added when Natasha decided getting Loki off of Sam was a lost cause and simply climbed the pile of canines, feline and serpent to sit on the top. Hank, thankfully, chose to remain on the ground and sat patiently, grinning at the sight of them.
Bucky nodded. “That works. Watch over our territory while we’re away. Strength in numbers, but before that maybe it’s best we spar together for a bit. Give you some tips.”
He didn’t believe he’d survive cutting ties any other way.
“Hey, Brucie-bear, it's fine. No need to panic. Calm breaths.” It was easier said than done. Inside, Tony himself was panicking more than a little. “There are different ways to take down attackers than with a knife. Here,” Tony reached for the large stone by their feet and handed it to the frightened omega. “Hit as hard as you can. Knock them out.” He made a grab for his own stone. “You go left, I go right. Ready?”
“I don’t care if they’re May’s famous rolls. My lips are sealed.”
“Jarvis and Redwing flew off that direction,” Tony offered. “We can follow their steps and see if we find the inn.”
He grinned as he looked over every piece he worked on. Steve’s shield, Clint’s bow, and Rhodey’s gatling gun. The armors and the pistols. The gloves and the wristbands. Even his own gauntlets were there. Made even better as he was inspired to work further by the others. For now, he had kept them all hidden in his workshop, forbidding the others from going inside and peeking.
One by one the hunting party placed their catch down and walked over to their respected spots. All of them minus Steve. As the leader he got to eat first, as per the canine pack instinct. Something Thor and Loki respectfully followed as they waited patiently along with the others.
“I’m not looking for trade but I best get going before my pack gets worried.” With a nod Tony turned away and exited the room. Just before disappearing from sight Ben offered one last final word of advice. “And Tony, I suggest not wearing that fancy outfit of yours. Hate for it to get all stained up. Looks like fine product.”
He shrieked when Jarvis nipped his ear and pecked just above his cheek bone and Vision began trying to swing back and forth over his hip in retaliation. “Hey, easy down there. We don’t all have skin of steel.”
in you. Just like that. All those years together thrown away because you couldn’t say no to a
“You should know better, Steve,” Jan, who walked the nearest to them, wagged her finger at their leader.
Natasha’s canine form was every bit beautiful and graceful she looked to be. Tony didn’t know what it was about foxes that made them appear elegant but the shifters who had the form were always matched perfectly. At least from what few foxes Tony had seen did. He couldn’t imagine Pepper as anything else but the beautiful strawberry marble fox she was. And now that he was seeing Natasha, he couldn’t imagine her as anything else either.
“Yes, I wanted to create good things, helpful things. Not things that would…”
Tony had assumed the Commandos were still active in keeping the lands safe. One of the Commandos having stepped up and taken over the role of leadership when Steve had left. Seeing them together healthy, loud and lively confirmed their active status.
make me feel better, Thor,” Clint growled.
A set of bushes that were large enough to hide a crouching figure rustled and a yowl of fright made them still. Another rustle and through the leaves broke out Sam with a hissing python on his back that seemed to be the source for his fright. Loki was wrapped in a manner that managed to cover Sam’s eyes, making the canine temporarily blind to where he was running but miraculously missed all the trees. Right behind him the red fox that was Natasha broke through those same leaves and was trying to grab hold of the python with her teeth and right behind her was Hank, trotting in a more sedated state.
They placed their gathered pile next to the pit and preened at their job well done. Bruce had finished with the rabbits and began placing half of the branches in the pit, skillfully starting a fire with dried leaves and rubbing sticks together. The rabbits were tied to the metal rod located on top of the pit and started cooking when the fire was a reasonable size, no doubt gaining a smoky taste that Tony had learned to enjoy from the rising black ashes.
Sam whistled. “Wow, I didn’t know someone could turn that shade of red.”
Tony didn’t pay them any mind. He was more amazed about the mansion. The more he looked around the more he found and the more he still couldn’t understand how this was the Avengers’ home. He must have showed his confusion on his face because when he made eye contact with Natasha she raised an eyebrow and formed the faintest smirk. “Surprised? Not what you expect from a war pack, I’m sure.” Tony felt embarrassment take over at being caught. She shifted her gaze to Bruce, who appeared to have the similar reaction as him.
“We’ve lost our comrade!” Thor hopped around in a manner Tony hadn’t believed possible with his large physique. His mane had already suffered from the battle with misplaced strands sticking up in odd angles and it only added to the image of his panicked behavior. Loki watched him with amusement from his spot, a smirk on his snake face.
Jan walked around to look at Tony in a different angle. She appeared to be appreciating the sight but was still waiting for his response.
Steve doesn’t remember much after that.
It was wrong of him and could only end with Steve heartbroken, the Avengers angry and Bruce disappointed, but just for a little while longer he wanted to keep experiencing joy. Already the pack had made him feel lighthearted. The most content he had been in years. For however long he could he wanted to keep experiencing it.
“Yes?” Steve said in-between licks.
“I can’t…” Steve eventually said through the silence. Voice fragile, shaky. “I can’t. Not this. What if -”
Steve naturally hesitated but moved nonetheless. It was a slow thrust but enough for Tony to know the experience was pure pleasure. It was brief but it was enough. Then Steve pulled back to thrust in again, picking up the pace when Tony moaned against his lips. The ecstasy was mindblowing. His walls welcomed Steve with opened arms, sucking him in and milking any and every drop Steve had to offer. His abdomen burned with want, with a need he never felt before, and only Steve could provide what was needed to sate it.
,” Tony hissed to Jarvis.
and made him sit gently on Steve’s stomach, away from the alpha’s dick and away from the entire purpose of their coupling.
“Same here,” Happy added. “If I can’t bodyguard you all I can always houseguard instead.”
“I caught you,” Steve said in-between licks on the bottom of his jaw.
“Be our mate?”
“Tony, does Steve really look like the type of person to do that?” No, he didn’t, but that’s what great acting was for. “I just met him today, but from what I saw in those couple of hours watching him stick close to you I know that playing a big joke is the last thing on his mind. The guy adores you, Tony. His eyes showed nothing but affection for you. In fact I wanted to ask if you both have met before because that look doesn’t happen upon first meetings.”
“Listen to every order I say. Don’t throw yourself in danger and when I tell you, you run, understand?”
More fluff.
That bashfulness was quickly replaced by smugness. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulder and pulled him close. “Tony,” was all he said.
“But your
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam shook him off. “Gladly.”
Steve is able to see himself lunge at War Machine, who is not as fast as the others in fleeing, but the Colonel simply flies up with the help of the armors thrusters and stays out of reach. This only angers Steve, who changes direction and aims for Hawkeye and Widow. The footage makes it hard to see their expressions and Steve is left to wonder what they felt in that exact moment as they watched their leader come barreling down with the intent to kill them.
“Brucie,” Tony gave his best pleading face, “you’ll have mercy on me, right? I’m senile and I have a weak heart and I’d rather not spend our first moon run collapsing on the floor.”
“We’re a
Steve looked back at the frozen figure of Tony Stark and, even though he was facing him in person and had evidence he was right there, Steve still couldn’t believe it was happening. He was about to meet his favorite character, a character he long to believed was fake just like the others, but he was one of the lucky ones and was about to have his dream come true.
When they were sure he wasn’t looking, Ben and the shop crafter wheeled out the present. Said present was a carriage. A simple one and small in size. A seat perfectly sized for Peter was on the front. It even had a belt to secure him. On the back was a large seat that could easily fit two adults if they sat close together. No doubt where Ben and May were meant to go to keep watch on Peter.
“Oh,” the little girl was disappointed. “They’re not going to fight?”
They were teasing him, Tony slowly registered. They were teasing Steve and Natasha, but at the moment mostly Steve. And they were using Tony in order to do so. That… hadn’t actually happened in so long. It was good hearted banter aimed at both Steve and Tony.
“Well, yes, but it’s not
“Tony,” Steve kissed him again, smiling now and looking at him as if he was silly for even saying that. “You’re talking to the leader of a
“On the road. Piling up to stop him from climbing trees.”
Therefore, this meant plenty of foreseeable speeches down the road until Rogers finally got tired of wasting his breath. Tony had now heard the ‘Captain America is disappointed in you” spiel so many times that he’d learned to easily tune it out. Similarly to how he’d learned to ignore the board in meetings and old Nicky’s briefings. Not hard and easily mastered.
No one moved to defend their pack alpha. Steve raised an eyebrow and looked to Tony. “Told you. Not even Bucky will stop him.”
He stays there. Slumped against the door in the dark room. Barefoot, cold and trembling. The footage has done nothing for his peace of mind. There’s still more missing from his memories and now he carries imagery of the carnage of that room. The many bodies violently torn and thrown about and he covered in their blood. Tony’s broken body unmoving underneath him. The fear shown on Sam’s face as Steve tried to take his life. The pain on Bucky’s as he tried to protect his home.
That… didn't sound half bad actually, but Tony didn't have the courage to say yes.
Steve gave a whine of want before using his hand that wasn’t teasing Tony’s slit to pull the left pant leg down and run the edges of his fingers gently over his thigh, making Tony shiver even more. The alpha made another trip down to caress before finally returning his hand to its original spot.
. With the Avengers. With my
Bruce scrubbed his face, willing to get rid of the tension. “I terrified them all. God, if I had completely let go and released the other guy.”
It isn’t fighting for justice. It isn’t striking with his shield in the name of right and defending against wrong. With honor and pride.
As his first official appearance with the Avengers to the public, Tony tried really hard to hold himself with confidence. He even asked Rhodey for advice on how to walk, how to seem lethal and how to add instead of taking away from the dangerous image their pack created with little trouble. Rhodey’s advice had consisted of standing straight and keeping his gaze forward, never look or have his eyes wandering without purpose, and to pretend to have weights on his feet for his steps to appear heavier as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders. The last and most important advice had been, “Think murder.”
“Not your boss anymore, Hap.”
“Then they would’ve run the other way. The stench of the deceased isn’t exactly enticing, Honey Bear. They won’t come close to me right now.”
“I need to apologize.”
Hulk lowered his upper half, ready to run. “Puny Runt hold on tight.”
I lie yet again as I change up badass Tony and Bruce for another chapter where Tony makes bad decisions and his family is quick to put a stop to it.
The pieces were clicking one by one until finally, they painted the picture.
“Maybe. Rhodey’s last name is Rhodes, which is where the nickname came from, even though it’s not much of a nickname just adding one extra letter.”
He had been doing so well. Steve had actually appeared impressed and even had him help with a strike together. He had helped make a difference and turn the outcome in their favor and Steve - his alpha had appeared so
. Where the adrenaline is almost none stop. His body goes numb. It moves on its own. Steve has no recollection of how he finally broke free of his binds, nor any recollection of what follows after, but he does recall the screams of the many alphas in the room. Many terrible, horrible screams of pain, gurgling in blood. A lot of blood. Metallic and blinding red in a sea of gray.
“You did go in sniffing, Clint,” Steve reminded him. “Not our fault you got a snout-full. It’s Tony’s personal place.”
“Steve -”
“I can’t either.”
been so long, after all. A year, I believe? More?” Hammer said casually, but his stance created a different tone. Hands balled up. Arms pushed out to appear bigger. Low brows and pursed lips.
“But… you’re packless now…”
Jan tossed parts of her food at him. “Let him be. He’s making up for lost time.”
the territory clearly marked without thought but also shamelessly taking Tony from right under their noses and still holding him captive days later. So far, Tony had counted four days. Nearly a week. Considering the extraordinary people that made up the Avengers pack, it was no small feat to have their packmate hostage for so long. Especially when the packmate was the Captain’s omega.
He had a witty remark on the tip of his tongue but when Steve thrusted yet again that remark, along with any other thoughts, flew right out the window momentarily. He squeezed the knot back in revenge, feeling victorious when it stopped Steve’s thrusting on the spot and made him whine. His alpha wasn’t the only one who could play dirty.
want to mix anything with questionable coloring together. You won’t live to tell about it. Only mix together the light blue and the green if you want pure explosions powerful enough to rock the foundation. Get the yellow and the red together if you want to create lethal smoke that’ll kill them within seconds. Red and blue will create blinding lights. Very effective when you wish to fight back. Yellow and green creates a sweet smell that’ll calm any rampant creature.”
This led to many interactions with his teammates after doing the dirty with whomever caught his fancy that night. Natasha and Clint didn’t give a damn. They’ve probably seen and heard worse and this couldn’t have scratched the surface for them. They were spies. If they never caught their target out and about seducing anything that moved they were probably doing it wrong. Hell, Natasha used sex appeal to her advantage. Why would they care?
Steve’s demeanor had also changed from her reaction. Pride no longer there. “Sharon?”
Tension was built as the two alphas faced off until Tony couldn’t take it anymore. He was worried for his upcoming punishment and he was scared for the possible fight that could continue and he was absolutely terrified of the possibility of getting kicked out of the only good thing that had happened to him in years.
How long had it been since Tony was subjected to playful banter within a pack? With Hammer’s it was always business and then mocking. The last time he could remember ever being part of a pack jest was with… with Rhodey and Pepper.
“More like next year,” Natasha corrected.
Tony shook his head. “I don’t want you dead. None of you.”
This is about to hit the 100k word count. Can you believe it? Who here remembers reading this when it was only around 10k or less? Anyone? Those readers still around?
“Brothers and sister in pride, you hand me these victories dexterously. If this is allowed to continue I will rise with the most canines under mine name and be named champion, again.”
In all honesty he wanted to. He wanted everyone to know because it meant Steve wasn’t hiding him, Steve wasn’t ashamed of him, he wasn’t some dirty secret. But at the same time he was putting Steve on the stop to be ridiculed because Tony really was no one now.
Clint didn’t get the chance to move, not when the feline that looked bigger than life jumped on all of them and made them all squeak. No python was present on his back.
“Let’s just tie them to Steve and Nat. I’m sure they’ll be happy to carry them.”
of the pack. One fond memory on the top of his list for him was when Jarvis was hatched. Tony had no idea about what species the egg incubated, or how to take care of an egg, or what to do with the bird if by some miracle he managed to keep the egg safe enough for the bird inside to survive.
He was not only going to meet Tony Stark he was going to help him. He was going to
“That comes with war territory. You can’t prevent that.”
Bruce gave him a nudge when he settled down on the couch. “Excited for the run?”
way. In a very
and Steve was radiating smugness, as if he had just accomplished a great feat.
Jan smirked. “Do you think Ty will stop by to say hi? I’m sure he’ll notice you.”
Tony smiled. There was no pain, no discomfort, nothing but a want that was finally sated for the first time in so long. “None whatsoever.”
“I’m up,” Jan answered.
Steve growled and glared at Sam. The beta simply chuckled the threat away. “Getting jealous again, Steve? You know we’d never do that to you. Besides, Tony’s only got eyes for you, isn't that right?”
Cheers came from the Howling Commandos at Steve’s confirmation. As to celebrate, the Commandos and the Avengers all sat together and proclaimed the feast in honor of Steve and Tony. Many tables had to be pushed together in order for them to all fit, and while other guests weren’t exactly happy with the loud noises or the lack of space, the owners were more than eager to hand them drinks upon drinks and meal recommendations. Steve had been strategically placed in the head of the gathered tables. Tony sat right next to him, almost on his lap as Steve refused to let him go. His cheeks were flushed from all the attention. He really wasn’t dressed or was presentable for the occasion, but he couldn’t escape at the risk of appearing rude.
The interested whine from Steve seemed like a good start.
“All of you get off of him!” Steve screeched as he tried pushing them off of Tony.
Ah, this again. Tony’s heart sank. This was the part where Steve asked and Tony would say yes only for the alpha to reveal it had all been a joke.
Tony tried pushing down the embarrassment that flooded his chest and gave his cheeks a pink coloring. “Right,” he mumbled to Bruce. He was starting to learn, oh so slowly, that, Steve and the Avengers weren't  anything like Hammer or his pack. When they teased they were including him on the teasing, not outright mocking him. And he had to somehow engrave in his head that Steve was really interested in him. It was a hard thing to do since he couldn’t help the doubt that bubbled  up from the thought of alpha in his prime and with a body to match it and leading a famous pack Steve Rogers wanting… him.
“Mister Steve!” Peter called behind him, pointing at one direction.
Tony and Bruce waited for their invite while Steve, Bucky and Natasha waited for them to move. Either, the alphas didn’t know it was courteous and expectant to invite anyone out of the pack to join them when spending time together, or this was the moment they were finally going to reveal the whole thing was a joke and order them away with their head down. Since Steve was openly staring at Tony with a smile and fond eyes that had no malicious intent in them, Tony guessed it was the former. Nobody cruel could ever pull a face like that. Could they?
“His name’s Rhodey, or, actually James, but I call him Rhodey.”
“What do you think of… think of Steve?”
Out of reflex, Tony stared back. His smile became easier to hold with Steve’s eyes shining in pride, but a soft gasp interrupted them. It had come out of the blonde shifter. Her eyes were wide and staring at his chin. No, not his chin. It was lower. His neck? She had looked at his neck and something from it warranted her shock. The urge to self consciously rub at it was a strong one.
Natasha pierced them both with her green eyes. “Don’t hide the truth. Even if it means striking at his pride. This is about you and your needs.” Then bluntly with a raised eyebrow and the shadow of a smirk. “Was Steve’s performance satisfying?”
Also, plot building!!
It was Natasha who took pity on him and got up with a huff. She marched over to him, kneeled down so she could take a closer look at the sleeping alpha and
Angst at the beginning, talking sense into Tony, hints of Jan and Hank's past, and Loki showing a very educational, though assholish, side of himself.
As someone who grew up without his father’s love, Loki knew more than most of what Tony felt. If he could do something about it, he was going to. Regardless of what Thor said.
“I am!” he tried, “I am enjoying this.”
. Not for getting a heat on. You have rooms with
“Of course, Sir.”
“Not… anything I can think of, except…”
Bruce groaned. “Dammit, Tony.”
He… he needed to focus. The future of his pup, his future with Steve, it had to wait. He couldn’t think about it. The less stress and worry the better.
Fear made itself known in his gut. Bruce had already revealed his secret to his mate and she accepted him. Tony was the only one that remained to pour his bleeding heart out, and sweet words of promise or not, his secret was worth changing one’s mind over. What would Steve say? What would his reaction be? Would he still hold Tony in his arms, knowing everything Tony had to offer was already there? Would he take in another mate to bear his pups, making up for what Tony couldn’t give him?
“I believe you have Sir to thank for that.”
“Almost everyone except for Thor, Hank and my sweety pie Rhodey. He’s still getting ready. Sam’s already got breakfast going. Aren’t my mates the best?” he asked with a flutter of his eyes.
“Steve…” this time Jan had said it. “He’s told us what he wants.”
But, even if he had devoid any emotion in his voice and hadn’t uttered a single word of his past, Steve still looked stricken, as if he could somehow
Sam tilted his head up to stare at the night sky before heading to the direction that Tony thought was possibly north. After that conversation seized. They were tired, hungry and patiently waiting for the hunting party to come back. Even Vision wasn't up for making noise.
Jarvis preened at the compliment and puffed out his chest while Vision made noises that could only be interpreted as bashfulness. The little machine even turned his body to try and hide his head for the effect. Tony chuckled at them both before he jerked his shoulder and forced the cockatoo to shoot out his wings in order to balance himself. For Vision, who was in his bag, he grabbed the edges and rattled it a bit to make the machine bounce and cry out. When they regained their composer Tony received twin glares.
Tony thought. Then, out of nowhere, without warning, a beta from the surrounding group, a somewhat tall shifter (taller than Tony at least) with fluffy dark hair sat right between Tony and Steve, pushing Tony over and nearly knocking him off the edge of the table’s bench seat. Jarvis didn’t do any better on his shoulder and was nearly thrown off as well. The beta that sat down had the attitude of someone who snatched what they wanted and threw down anyone in their way. They caused Tony and Steve's hands to dislodge and made all the Avengers stiffen on their seats. Bruce also included in the list.
“Wants change.”
“Well, he’s not wrong,” Natasha said while eyeing the pair carefully. “None of us knew what Tony was hiding under all those loose clothes. We can appreciate, but we’re only commenting.”
“We can’t just run in head first. They’ll gun us down before we can even reach them. We’re not fast enough.”
“Are they?”
“No, I-it’s not. I’m thinking, perhaps, because it’s my first heat in a long time, my body might not be ready for a four-day cycle?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They all continued, minus Bucky and Peggy. Bucky had taken Peggy to the side and was explaining something to her. Tony couldn’t hear nor make out the words, but they appeared serious. Peggy was frowning as she gave him her full attention. Then she turned her gaze back to Tony. Tony stiffened but didn’t get the urge to submit. No, this time her gaze was placid, mindful, almost sad. She studied him for a second before looking back to Bucky.
“- and if we insult you in any way, let us know. The last thing we want is Steve over there knocking us to the ground.”
Bruce snorted, not looking at any of them. So far it seemed none of the Avengers had picked up on Bruce’s unusual shift. None of them attacked or showed signs of wanting to. Either that or they didn’t think he was a threat, which was always a good thing. “We’ll need to hunt deer in order to feed your pack. We just have enough for us.”
Tony enjoyed the feeling.
To have my mate look at me like that?” Steve hovered above him. “Makes me want to pin you down.”
“Tony, would you like to walk with me to the balcony?” The sudden question nearly made Tony jump out of his skin. The hand that was pushed into his line of sight prompted him to face Steve out of reflex. The alpha’s face was calm, patient, with warm and understanding eyes and he kept his hand in place, waiting for Tony to either take it or reject it. The thought of escaping the room was too tempting, but the realization that Steve offered the excuse in the first place because he wanted to help relax him gave him hesitation.
A booming laugh from Thor made their ears go lower and hunch a little but they laughed along awkwardly when Jan and Clint continued their tale of how Tony and even Bruce ended up joining the Avengers. Eventually their awkward laughing became genuine when the conversation somehow changed from Tony’s first meeting to Clint’s recent mishap that involved a tree, grease and a bunch of leaves and twigs.
“Tony?”
Face red with shame and guilt he took deep breaths. How could he talk to the alpha now? What right did he have to when he was so… so
Steve slowly walked towards him, as if trying not to scare off a skittish animal, which Tony guessed he no doubt looked like. He didn’t back away from the alpha this time, letting Steve make contact. The alpha rubbed his cheek against Tony’s own. A silent apology accompanying it. Then naturally, because proper introductions haven’t been made yet, Rhodey snarled at Steve, most likely not enjoying the sight of some alpha touching his best friend. Steve snarled right back.
is capable of. It made him realize the devastation he could create. The lives he could hurt.
He is captured, sedated and taken to parts unknown. Left tied up with no way of escaping his binds. Not with what they pump him with. Not when his binds are catered to him and only him. His kidnappers are prepared for a supersoldier. They have him immobile to the point where he can’t wiggle his fingers. Steve is stuck there, waiting to learn what his kidnappers want from him.
. As leader I will not purposely put my mate in danger, even if it means leaving him in our den -”
Tony opened and closed his mouth in surprise. Had any of them done something
Thor patted him proudly when he declared the Northern Midgardian workshop Tony’s upon his twenty-first birthday. With Odin’s blessing, of course. “Midgard is well handled with you, and there are plenty of other locations I must attend to. She is all yours, Tony. I know you will treat her well.”
“Sorry to hear that,” Sam barked, ears back in sympathy.
Through the trees they went. Further and further away from the Avengers and, if Tony was correct, away from Hattan as well. Where exactly they were being rushed to he didn’t know nor could guess, but time ticked away with every step. The sun moved forward against his will. The distance increased. The odds of any of their packmates running into them diminishing to nothing. The chance of their packmates catching up upon discovering their disappearance dwindling as well.
Tony reached out to wrap his arms around Steve and buried his face into the crook between his neck and shoulder and took a long inhale, relishing on the musk still present that Steve emitted through the layers of the dispersing emotion. The scent relaxed him and he barely noticed Steve doing the same as him and burying his neck in-between his own shoulder and neck. The alpha was still mumbling words, muffled by his clothes but still recognizable.
At that, still looking at each other, both Tony and Bruce noticed their cheeks gain a little color. When Jarvis and Vision released suggestive whistles they turned away and stared at the trees with interest. The cockatoo and machine snickered.
A squeak echoed in the room followed by a satisfied growl.
The serpent shifter sent him a dry look. “Your manners are simply outstanding, dear Captain.” With a wave of his hand over the sharp end of the staff Loki mumbled something and both the staff and his hand began to glow a faint green. Tony watched in fascination. He’d seen a few magic users before with Hammer’s pack, the numbers so low that he could could count every encounter with his hands, but every single one of them a unique experience. Each one manifested a color distinctive to them, different shades and different intensity. All of the colors somehow expressing the user perfectly, as if matching their very soul.
Steve was quick to jump on his paws. “Yes, of course. Let’s get you over there. Buck, Nat, take over. Hulk, with us. Let’s get a move on.”
“It’s really them!”
pack. It was the first day getting to know his pack without the situation of traveling. He had to make a proper impression. To somehow make an impact with his new pack mates and… and impress Steve for their walk together. Dirty and wrinkled clothing was not a great start, and walking around in nightclothes wasn’t any better, but, as much as he didn’t want to, it was his only available option. They were clean. He could pass it off as enjoying the lie in and going beyond. They’d understand, right?
“It’s good to see you again, Redwing,” Steve said. An acquaintance, perhaps? “I hope your trip was pleasant.”
Tony dug his fingers in the meat of his thighs. “I’m a selfish coward, aren’t I, Jarvis?”
Tony glared at the cockatoo and thought, what had he done in order to get acquainted with these bunch? He was happy that this could be his future now, but was it worth all the teasing and almost permanently keeping his face red because of it?
“We’ve got to show everyone else, come on!” she ushered him out of his room and down the hall to the stairs. A few of their pack mates were sitting on the many couches, Bruce and Steve being among them. Jarvis and Vision were settled next to the omega. Natasha taking the other side of said omega. Clint and Hank were on one couch while Thor sat alone on another.
That, out of everything that had been said, had Bruce laughing. “I'm glad, Tony. I really am.”
“Big contract. We’re on our way to take down a raider’s den. Rumor says they might have Hydra in there, too. What do you say we go together? For old time’s sake.”
“I know,” Tony kissed him again. “I know. I forgive you, but I need you to know that you never have to worry about Rhodey or Pepper or even Happy. Rhodey is my brother and always will be. He sees me as nothing but his little brother, calls me that all the time. And Pepper is mated with Happy. The last thing she wants to do is run off with me.”
He met their gazes and held them. He tried for a smile, but he didn’t know how well it came out. There was a pressure to impress and he was certainly feeling it.
Tony gave them grateful smiles, straightened up and took the second step out of the shack. For a few moments he felt unstoppable, nothing was going to bring him down. He walked down and through the shacks as if he owned them, never thinking of slowing down, but once he started to notice the stares they were receiving from the other betas and omegas that were up and awake the feeling quickly left. It was one thing to be stared at with curiosity, which a few of the shifters were doing, it was another to be stared at with malice, and boy were they doing a great job on that front.
The thought of guilting them into allowing him to stay pushed forward and words were caught in his throat. Tony opened and closed his mouth, stuttering to respond. “I- I -”
The magic tingling in his fingers and up his hands told him they were ready. “I’ll have to show you.”
Her gaze shifted to Tony. He straightened up on the spot. He wasn’t used to Peggy or her mannerisms yet and so didn’t know how to take this match of wits between the alphas that ended with her attention on him. Unconsciously, he lifted his chin a little, purposefully trying to expose his neck. An act engraved deep in his instincts as an omega that, now that he thought about it, he hadn’t used since joining the Avengers. Steve’s own gaze had never demanded his respect in this sense. To surrender without a fight in order to appease the alpha.
Peggy shook her head, causing her brown curls to bounce with the motion,“Not exactly
For Jan, he created gloves. Both the same in that they carried one rune each and would activate upon meeting, but instead of both runes being white, he experimented and switched one rune for a yellow. A rune that created pressure and worked very well against abiotic material. He made them similar to his own. Capable of releasing a blast of pressure and electricity. Upon testing, he found they could easily tear through armor, no matter the material, but didn’t do much to skin. They were truly created to sting, much like her title.
“That doesn’t sound healthy.”
Realization also appeared in Clint’s eyes and he nodded. “Sit your behinds down already. You’re making me nervous standing there.”
“Do you pleasure them all?” Hammer continued, “or are you reserved for their pack leader only? Did he promise you protection? To hold you every night and chase those bad dreams away?” His tone only grew crueler. “Did he promise himself to you and only you? Swore there will be no other but you? Promise what every alpha is willing to say to get a warm body for the night, and did you believe him?”
Tony looked to the Avengers sitting down and searched for one that possibly knew what he and Bruce were waiting for without asking. One of them had to have known about it. If not because they didn’t practice the gesture, then because they learned it from someone who did or heard of it. Most of them didn’t appear to know what he was searching for and stared back blankly. It wasn’t until he locked eyes with Hank, one of the older looking of the group, that realization finally happened.
Tails. They had
“It wouldn’t be as much fun to see,” Rhodey said with his wings moving in response.
about you, Tony. Nothing else. Steve because he
“Yes, I am. Go get your own,” Tony said with as much sass as he could muster.
myself. You come here and you ruin
. Surely it had to be a dream. He had to have thought the whole thing up.
“I’m sorry, please believe me I didn’t mean to. Don’t be afraid, Tony.”
Tony groaned when Steve heaved his upper body up. The question of “what about you?” forming on his lips but never getting out as Steve turned him and the answer became evident. Steve had on dark pants and nothing to obscure the obvious wet spot over his groin. The alpha had been aroused as well but found completion on his own with little help. Tony had to hold back feeling disappointed from losing his chance to return the favor and doing his part as Steve’s mate.
“O-oh?” Tony didn’t put up much of a fight when Steve gently rested a hand on his chest and pushed him back, causing him to tilt and lie down and resulting in Steve kneeling between his opened legs. The smell increased and from Steve’s spot it was obvious he received a huge puff of it. The alpha’s eyes dilated. The blue of them barely visible. As if possessed, he lunged forward suddenly and bodily pressed Tony against the mattress.
“Tony, wait -!”
Turned out to be more angsty than I had originally planned
It wouldn’t be any different. Tony wouldn’t mind if they only wanted him to relieve sexual frustration. Perhaps that was all he was meant to be.
“I have inquiries for you, Anthony.”
“Yes,” Rhodey nodded with a serious tone in his voice. The response caused all the others to shift in place, waiting for the issue to be named. Rhodey took a deep breath. “We are members of the pack, correct?” he gestured to himself and Tony.
Rhodey joined him in searching for their pack mate, having lost sight of him as well. They were currently in the clear and were given some time to look without fear of being shot at, but it wasn’t long until three more Hydra shifters found them and attacked. They had been caught unawares and had no time to evade the fire, but while their immediate threat more than deserved their attention the three shifters didn’t keep their focus long. No, the large shadow that had risen behind them, taller than any two-legged shifter ever could have been, took their attention, kept their attention and made the three Hydra shifters look behind them in order to see what had caught their attention.
Steve got them moving at a quick pace after they bid their farewells. They reached the roads faster than Tony had anticipated and were already making excellent progress when the sounds of steps had them looking back. Hank appeared alone from out of the trees with his bag slung over his back.
“I love you.”
A little later, the rabbits looked crisped and ashen and almost the perfect color of red. They were only minutes away from fully cooked and Tony’s mouth was watering from the sight. It just so happened that Bruce carried seasoning with him, what with him only able to eat cooked meat since he shied away from using his shift, and Tony planned to take full advantage of it until the day Bruce decides to leave.
It was obvious that the Avengers were really close and were really comfortable with each other. Something Tony envied a little. He wanted that trust, wanted to be part of that circle and that family. Even if he was now part of the pack it would take weeks, or probably months to gain something remotely similar to that close-knit faith.
“I’m not going back,” Tony surprised himself when he snarled this. “I’m never going back with you. My home is
The pause stretched out uncomfortably and something was about to give. Thankfully, Jarvis didn’t share with any of the shifter’s tense atmosphere and bit softly at Tony’s fluffy hair, yanking to get his attention. “Sir, the rabbits are done.”
happened. It never
Most of the Avengers were either ignoring the nervousness radiating around them or they just didn’t notice it at all. However, one Avenger, Natasha, gave a sweep of the area with just her eyes to take in every reaction from the surrounding betas and omegas, appeared to mentally store it, and looked to Bruce again. Tony knew she was searching and probably found what most shifters failed to see. He only hoped she didn’t lash out and cause Bruce to shift in the middle of the common area.
Pepper and Happy? He'd never seen the two so open with each other. In their business packs they would always keep a careful distance, even when working under Tony’s father. Happy as one of the pack's beta guards couldn't afford to be playing favorites. His part in the pack was to protect the
He sighed. He had unintentionally set himself up to lose. “Fine, but the moment there’s trouble both of you hide, understand?” Two whistles of different tones was his confirmation. “We better go and pack then.”
Natasha had abandoned her kneeling pose and was standing upright a safe distance away from the growling alpha. It seemed Steve had been growling as an instinctive reaction to scare off potential dangers after having been woken up abruptly because once he realized he was staring at Natasha his growling seized and his body relaxed, but he didn’t move.
Thank you for your patience and thank you to all the wonderful readers who comment <3
She must be really strong. Tony didn’t think he’d be able to go through it at all.
, thank you!” Peter hugged both Ben and May, thanked them seven more times, gave Tony’s front left leg a tight hug and determinedly tried to climb the carriage to reach his seat.
Luckily there was no one on the road near the mansion and still no one made an appearance when the river started and gave him the calming sound of running water as a companion for the walk. Seeing as the cockatoo on his shoulder was giving him the silent treatment because of how early he had gotten them up and the little machine in his bag was in a down mood because Thor wasn’t brought along, Tony welcomed a little accompanying noise that wasn’t his footsteps.
ordered it, but Steve held his hands up and appeared frantic. “I didn’t know anything about this. I swear.”
Jan jumped up on her four feet. “No, no, you stay put. We’ll gather the wood and be back before you know it.” She nipped Hank’s snout to encourage him to get up and the pair sped off into the trees to gather what they needed.
Tony felt his stomach twist at that. “Don’t say that. Don’t talk about the big guy as if he’s some rabid mindless animal that needs to be put down. He’s you, Bruce. Anything that happens to him happens to you.”
“I’m just making sure it’s clean.”
He’ll beg for forgiveness when the time came. Hell, if fate was on his side and decided to give him a second chance and have Steve forgive him and still want him, Tony would happily accept it. He wouldn’t even mind if Steve went ahead and got another mate that could give him what he wanted, so long as Tony was able to stay with Bruce and the pack.
“I take it you like it?” Steve asked after they separated for air.
“No. I meant I
“Unnecessary,” he groaned, “and a dirty move.”
It was safe to say the cockatoo and machine were their favorite subject to talk about on the first day. Along with teasing Steve, but mostly Jarvis and Vision and the pair was eating the attention up happily.
“I think Natasha has taken a liking to your friend. I might not survive the night if she hears I separated the two of you.” Steve faced Tony again. “We'd like for you both to join.”
There was no answer. Steve growled at that and was accompanied by the growls from Bucky. Then there was the sounds of fighting, of growls that were associated with biting and crunching of grass as bodies were thrown on it. Then as suddenly as it started it stopped, but the voices didn’t.
“Tony,” Steve pointed to the frozen human instantly.
The feeling on his legs was almost back by the time Steve finished dressing to something decent with his shirt and pants and boots. His legs were in the middle of the pins and needles phase and Tony didn’t dare to move a single muscle associated with the appendages, but Bruce was already up on his feet with a now awake blurry-eyed Jarvis puffing his feathers, Natasha had her arms crossed over her chest and Steve was standing with his arms behind his back and swaying his body with a smile on his face. They were waiting for him and Tony had learned overtime not to keep others waiting for him. Hammer hated waiting.
He turned and followed after his family. May was no longer holding his harness, leaving Tony to follow on his own. He kept up no problem, but the crowd did pose a challenge. Human, faun and centaur often got in his way and with a carriage still strapped on him, he couldn’t easily maneuver around them. He had no choice but to stop often. This caused him to be farther than what his boy was comfortable with.
Tony bared his teeth. “What more could you possibly take away from me?”
These shacks were free for the taking. If you were lucky enough to find an empty one. They were designed to give pack-less shifters a safe place to gather and a chance to get recruited by any wandering packs in need of members or were just passing by.
Tony’s chuckle broke halfway. “Brutal is what they are.”
“They didn’t attack, the leader, and didn’t order the pack to follow after me. None of them attacked. I got hurt because I was an idiot and twisted my hand from a jump and didn’t stop until I got back to you.”
Hammer had once had him in his grip. Hammer and Obie did. Leaving almost seemed impossible back then and the idea of staying packless and dying out wild and feral had terrified him to the bone. Fear had clutched at his very being, but betrayal had finally released it. Obie using his gauntlet against what he believed was perhaps the best thing that could’ve happened to him. It gave him the push, the desperation to leave and led him to finding the Avengers and finding Steve and brought Rhodey back to him.
“As if you’re any better,” mumbled Sam without movement. If he hadn’t said anything none of them would’ve realized he was awake.
“I believe you did, Sir,” Jarvis said with a whistle and a flap of his wings, smacking Tony on the side of his head and causing his hair to bounce.
“May I?”
Sam pointed them out respectively, each one giving Tony a wave, except for Bucky and Loki. The first only kept staring at him, as if trying to see something, to search for something on Tony’s person. The second didn’t bother to give a greeting, which was a giving considering he was aggressively trying to ignore what was going on around him.
“I am.”
Taking pity he grabbed hold of it and carefully pulled it away, making sure not to yank if he accidentally grabbed the cockatoo’s feathers. When they were free Jarvis gave an annoyed squawk, his ruffled plumage justifying his attitude. Vision rolled to stand next to the cockatoo, bumping him lightly, but Jarvis ignored him in favor of glaring Tony down.
A tense moment passed by where Bucky didn’t seem to know what to do next, but once he looked to have realized what was going on he barked back, pawed at the ground and went for Tony’s collar again from the snout free side. Steve responded instantly by going for Bucky before he could yank at the coat, releasing a playful growl.
Tony moaned as he leaned against his anvil with the forge bright and burning with a strong fire by the side. His tools were left forgotten, thrown about when he was caught unawares. The anvil was cool against his chest and slowly heated up from his body temperature the longer he rested on it. His hands failed to properly grasp the edges of the anvil and he was left to clench at nothing. The anvil supporting him when his legs could not.
“Hi,” he said weakly. How would one talk to the Howling Commandos? What would one
Hammer gave him an infuriated look. “Yes, you’ve said this already. Come now, Omega, surely you know the Avengers won’t keep you forever. Eventually, they will tire of you. How long do you think you can satisfy the Captain? How long are they willing to let you entertain them until a refurbish is required? Youth has long abandoned you, Darling.”
Steve released what sounded like a painful cough from deep within in chest. The manner in which he did so caused Tony to worry. “Steve?”
He remembers learning he’d been stuck in a feral state for nearly two months. Locked up in a cage meant for the Hulk while his mate recovered in the emergency room. He remembers crying into Tony’s arms when he learns what had happened during their captivity. Of the lives he had taken with his rage. Everything that had happened out of his complete control. With no say whatsoever of his actions.
“You must join us on this most special tradition performed by your species! The Running of the Moon strengthens the bonds in our pride in a manner that battle cannot.”
“By yanking
“Cap,” Sam said from somewhere in their gathering. It was the only sound exchanged for silence soon followed, but Tony knew his pack was doing the silent communication they were prone to do.
Switching always seemed to correspond with pairs of the same second gender. Omegas with omegas. Betas with betas. Alphas with alphas. Mates in equal standing and sharing trust. They could decide on their role with little judgment, should they wish to share. There was little talk for couples of different orientation. It was always the one highest in the hierarchy to give and the one in the lowest to receive. It was expected. Considered the norm.
“Kind of thought we already were.”
There was no question about it.
Ever since escaping Hammer’s clutches Tony thought he would finally be free of the torment. If by some miracle he managed to catch someone’s eye and they decided to take a risk on him he had hoped, or wished
“What did I do to deserve you,” he said, softly. Intertwining their fingers.
The alpha with the massive firearm was the first down, both Clint and Rhodey having deduced him as far too dangerous to allow a chance and struck him before anyone else. He was never given a chance to use the weapon and his Hydra packmates weren’t given the chance to reach it as Clint and Rhodey rained ammo at them.
Tony had rushed right at the alpha. By all means, the alpha had every right to attack in self-defense or order his pack to strike, but this alpha did neither. Instead, he allowed Tony to go free and live to see another day.
More silence.
And now it seemed his life was destined to be forever tormented because even after getting away from Hammer he still ended up finding another alpha that apparently wanted to show his superiority, and it was the
As if the Hulk had just said the forest was on fire, everyone jumped up on their feet in a panic. “Bruce!” Many shouted together.
“You are not going out there. Not until it’s time,” Jan had said, looking stern.
“Of course.”
. The last thing she wants is to make you angry.” He took a deep breath, voice cracking from the pressure. “I haven’t seen her in
Still, Steve waited. Not looking the least bit bothered by Tony’s uncertainty. The others were probably watching them, or maybe they were not. Tony’s eyes were only on Steve and his mind was plagued by the desire to just get out. He shakingly took the offered hand, used his other to perch Vision on his arm and stood. Steve steadied him on his feet and began leading him towards the door, but after taking the first step Vision released a whistle and Jarvis ruffling one of his wings. “Vision and I shall remain here, Sir. Please, go and get some fresh air. We shall wait.”
It had taken effort on Tony’s part to get dressed, but eventually, he managed to get his underpants on, along with his shirt, trousers and boots. There was a definite lack of armor in the pile given for both him and Steve, including Steve’s sword and shield and Tony’s gauntlets. Tony hoped the others were still holding on to those articles, otherwise, the owner of the building was in for a very unpleasant visit if she had run off with them.
Bucky snorted loud enough to hear from where he was still sitting. Tony didn’t understand at first until he replayed the words he said and, oh, that did not sound right. He refused to get embarrassed and refused to look at Steve or Natasha. He may have given the Avengers something to laugh at him for but he was not going to give them the satisfaction of a reaction. This was Hammer all over again. He had done it before he could do it again. It didn’t affect him. It didn’t. He had gone through worse. It shouldn’t affect him.
, Tony thought.
someone normally say to that? He wasn’t used to it and never thought someone would willingly do so to him. After so many years of never expecting it he was unprepared and without a clue on how to proceed, but now Steve was looking at him with fragile hope and shouldn't Tony be the one with the easily breakable heart?
“I just… don’t,” he finished weakly. How could he explain something he learned to do over the years?
