Yuri Warning and BDSM
I want to keep John, my John always. However I know the truth is that can never happen.
John regretted that the most. He should have done more, said more. He should have grabbed the detective and shook him, should have help him as tight as possible and kissed him.
"John, there's something ..I have wanted to say... I never could because I didn't want you to leave."
Johnlock one sided
It was coming from.. No, that couldn't be right. John thought as he approached the door to Sherlock bedroom.
Over the last couple of years since the incident they got closer, Greg's kids knew Mycroft even liked him. Moreover, right now that was why Greg didn't pull away.
Not that a certain bathrobe clad detective had been very helpful. 'Can you go to the shops John, Have you seen the Skull John, We're out of tea John.' Honestly, the man would lose his head if it wasn't firmly attached.
"Sherlock..." why must John say his name with such a tone, he should say it nicely like when he is praising his brilliance at a crime scene.
"No. no I don't want to hear it Carry you know why? Out of all the things, you have on this bloody tally book of our life for the past 13 years I do not see two every important things. So if you don't care, I'll just keep the kids yeah?"
“A little,”
Sherlock laid down and pulled the motionless body closer to his own as the fire crept closer, crackling the floorboards and shattering the windows. He held on tight because this was the only place where he could.
John stood before the wardrobe in his former flatmates room, he had taken to sleeping in Sherlocks' bed a few months after...it happened. He'd been fooling himself and now, what everyone else knew, what took him so long to know, now it was to late. The one person he loved most was gone.
Sherlock hadn't expected John to comeback, he expected John to make up with Mary and live the life of a normal person.
Patching wounds and shouting out orders, he had to keep them all alive.
Greg stepped a side to allow the younger man in, he expected a kind word maybe the offer to have Caroline deported. What he hadn't expected was when the door shut being pounced upon by the elder Holmes.
His vision blurred with tears and darkness crept in at the edges, he didn't hear the sounds of gunfire just beyond the confines of his prison.
His head was so fuzzy, just a few more steps, its only transport. Keep going. Keep going for John.
John still didn't like it, sure he was excited about having some time for just he and Sherlock and with Mrs Hudson away and Molly busy with her new boyfriend  it didn't seem like they would get it. Even so, the idea of leaving his first born child with Mycroft Holmes seemed....."Are you sure?"
Pairing: Unrequited - JohnLock
Greg sat on the sofa tempted to drown his sorrows with whiskey, unfortunately his two children asleep upstairs prevented that plan from taking off. He looked over the papers again with distaste: His fathers old Gibson Guitar, his Grandmothers diamond ring. Grand'Mere Lestrade wore that band for over fifty years, Carline didn't even like her she just wrote it out of spite.
As Sherlock rested his head on Johns chest just listening to the older mans steady heart beat he said " You can't go back you know, and even if you could I wouldn't allow it. You will just have to occupy yourself here in London me. I assure you it won't be dull.  "
John and Sherlock came as well, the younger Lestrade children were oddly found of the consulting detective. Sherlock ended up with a lap full of napping 4yr old.
This was wrong, sinful and wrong... And they couldn't stop. They fell so fast that by the time either man realized what was happening it was to late . John loved Sherlock and Sherlock loved him.
Thankfully they did.
That's what his brother had told him, that's what logic told him...but then there was that pesky little thing called sentiment. What troublesome thing Caring was, Mycroft had always warned him against it and now he knew why. Because he was different, he shouldn't have expected things would be just like they were before. Shouldn't have assumed John was going to wait for him. The world kept turning after the Fall, maybe it wobbled in spots but it didn't stop. Sherlock had missed his chance and the eleventh hour had passed. Knowing all this didn't take away the sting.
Mycroft could be seen shouting in the rear-view mirror holding Rosie's carrier in one hand and his signature umbrella in the other.
He joined the Army and became a doctor, Captain John Hamish Watson. That time changed him; he saw the cruelty of man and knew intimately the feeling of holding someone’s life in your hands. He came home with more than his share of scars. Part of the Alpha still wanted what everyone his nature wanted, the natural way of things…a better half to share his life with. Somehow, he wondered if anyone else would find an old army doctor with a limp very appealing.
"John, come we have clues to follow the game is on!" Sherlock Called out heading off to follow a lead based on his deductions, however he scowled spotting his elder brother standing sentry at the police tape line.
mild parting of the lips.
"I need you Sherlock...I need you." he had said it so many times there in the silence of 221b. He realized he loved his best friend.
Au: 50's
The count was slow or it felt slow, at the third call they kicked the doors open and opened fire.
Johns face lit up with a grin. "About bloody time." With that, he reached up and grabbed the taller mans curls pulling him down into a kiss.
"Talent Love, and lots of practice."
"Oh about I do you one better yeah? We can settle all this right here right now; all you want is everything yeah?" He said waving the 11 page print out of the house and inventory off all their belongs the woman had handed him this morning before she started packing.
“So this was…”
“I can’t, everything is…everything…Myc it’s so bright. I don’t …” There was a rustle of movement.
Captain Watson couldn’t give up though, he had to trudge over bodies and creep along the walls of the ramshackle building with his gun at the ready. He had to calm his heart and train his mind because above all... he had to survive.
John crushed their lips together dominating the detectives mouth with such hunger and desperation. He needed this, he wanted this, just like Sherlock had described... it hit him with such force that all this time. He loved Sherlock Holmes.
Once inside two men sitting at a folding card table were surprised by the former soldier as he came around the corner putting matching slugs through their brains before they could even draw a weapon. However, a third man had been in an adjacent corridor and saw the blonde haired assassin. Thus the firefight began, After returning fire John quickly reloaded. rolling from behind the small half wall where he had managed to take cover. His bad shoulder protested but it didn't matter. It felt like an eternity when in reality the gun battle that only lasted a few minutes. Once silence fell John cautiously emerged weapon at the ready, one man was still alive clutching at a neck wound that spurted blood. He started up at the stocky man above him, John glared back placing a boot n the center of the mans chest and pointing the muzzle between the villains eyes. " Captain John Hamish Watson, you took something very precious to me, I've come to take it back."
"What do you want Mycroft." Sherlock said dryly
Sherlock considered he might have gone over board seeing this new girlfriend of Johns slap the Doctor rather hard.
With a swift flick of the wrist the blade swept down ward. Steel glinting in the florescent light as it relived three fingers from the terrorists hand. The man began to scream bloody murder as blood squirted from the stumps of his former digits. "Your MAD! "
" You did leave once John, because of me... I thought I would come back and things would be just as they had always been. I was selfish, I tried not to be. My brother always told me caring was not an advantage. It was so... tedious locking away how that part of me that wanted to scream because,..because you where being taken away from me."  Sherlock looked away trying to force himself, this was for John. His only friend needed the truth after all this time. John deserved that much.
"Shall we Sir?" She asked, excitement glittering in her warm dark eyes. She always did love the fray.
“What’s her name this time, something dull like Ann, or Mary?” the detective snorted out.
Summary: Mycroft dose some soul searching after the loss of the DI, Turns out the Iceman isn’t so cold.
From then on it was late night violin, giggling at crime scenes, chasing down bad guys and shooting serial killers. God John loved it; the one thing though he had not expected to come out of the deal though was the one thing he really wanted all along.
"Sorry continue"
“Thank you for your concern Sherlock but as a doctor I’m well aware and intend to take the appropriate precautions” he said slipping on his jacket at the door. John looked back noticing Sherlock was now sitting up glaring at the table.
That night after a few heavy glasses of brandy, Mycroft had resigned himself to staring at the ceiling trying to work out some mastery of the control he had lost in the passing days. He needed to rebuild his walls; clearly caring was not an advantage.
Silence.. His brother was never just silent, he always had some little quip or snarky remark. They where Holmes’ its what they do.
"You need to get out Sherlock."
Sherlock couldn't help it that one wasn't one of his better lies but really; if she was that much of an idiot to believe it then yes it was hilarious. His lips quirked at the corner, "Perhaps it has something to do with that floral jumper you wore on your last date?"
“I have a date tonight. I’ll be back tonight, less then things go well then. You know” John said with a cheeky little wink as he walked through the living room.
"I can't John, I left you once and I promised to never do it again."
Sherlock sat up against the dingy cell wall remembering Johns' words, " you always believed in me.. my Doctor Watson, you believed even when I didn't. I understand now John... there is an advantage in caring, my caring will keep you safe."
It was always high walls and carefully worded statements with Mycroft. The few times he truly smiled or showed an ounce of his own personality was brief at best. Greg counted himself lucky to see the bit of humanity in the British Government.
The next time Sherlock opened his eyes everything hurt. Why?  Looking around the world began to gain definition and color, this was a hospital? No ..to nice and no horrid watercolor on the wall. No this was private ah of course ..Mycroft. Seemed he wasn't dead after all so that was a bonus, but then how did that happen? Sherlock sifted quickly through his catalogs of memories but for the life of him couldn't find data on the escape. This was troubling, he never liked not knowing things.
He wanted to scream to cry, but since that day it was just a dull horrible ache that wouldn't give an inch. When he was able to shed tears it did nothing to ease the grief that stabbed through his very soul. Nothing helped because nothing would bring Sherlock back. " Just one more miracle that's all I ask, just stop.. stop this, stop being dead." how many times had he made that wish?
Au: MI6 (007)
Sherlock turned around looking so lost, so broken. “What am I suppose to say to that?”
The next morning, like most Saturday morning Greg wheezed as the air was forced out of his lungs by an overly energetic toddler jumping on him.
Withdrawal is ..a hell of a thing.
As John grew up and watched his peers date and bond his opinions changed, he wanted a bit more in life. Not to say he did not generally want the same direction he just wanted to make a difference. He wanted to look back at his life and know that he did everything he wanted, that he changed something. That he meant something.
Pairing: JohnLock
Emotions are messy and unpredictable, they serve little purpose other than to cloud ones judgment. Yet I find myself craving one particular emotion like oxygen, it's all Johns fault.
Sherlock's eyes rolled about before closing easing into sleep. His brother never leaving his side.
Oh The Woman had only been right, how he pray she had been right.
John sat with his head in his hands. Sherlock had been placed into an induced coma until the drugs could work out of his system. The overdose had been a close call, if John had not found him…
Sherlock whirled around pulling that face that said ' I cant believe you just suggested something so horribly boring'  "John...lets leave the plan making to the genius, when I would like tips on how to remove shrapnel I will consult you."
But now entering the dark quiet of 221B the words suddenly left him. They left because of the distant muffled sound traveling from the hall beyond the kitchen.
"Am I?"
Skyfall - Adele
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Only this time it was different, they both looked worn and that surprised John. He of course was still very much in morning for his flatmate Sherlock, but he thought that the mans own brother hadn't cared. Mycroft didn't go to the funeral, he didn't behave any different. However right now Watson could see the age on the others face and worried lines around those eyes so like Sherlocks.
" he's alive isn't he, damn it Mycroft!' John's barely contained rage caused his nails to cut into his palms. " A year and a half Mycroft.. Eighteen bloody months of pure hell ! one word that's all I needed! Where the hell is he I'm gunna punch that prat right in his nose!"
The army was an escape; it was a chance to do something meaningful with his life. John would patch up fellow servicemen as best he could so they could be sent back to their loved ones. Not all of them made it; it was days like that when he held a young soldier had that he couldn't save. Looking into frightened eyes some times, they would give him letters and ask him to be sure they were sent. Other times the Youngman would be to far gone to be lucid and call out the names of friends, family, or lovers.
"John..?"
"John I, I don't think you would want.."
Mycroft would have liked to think as he walked away he looked composed and stoic, not like a man fleeing. That he held on to the very last moment until he was alone in the service stair well before shattering completely. That the sob didn’t escape before the exit door was shut securely behind him.
The silence between them felt like it stretched on for ages. Sherlock looked away seeing the tears of frustration gathering in his brothers eyes. He had not seen Mycroft cry not since they were children.
Now here he was, standing on the curb in front of 221b Baker St.  Two weeks later and it was clear to even Mary that John could not quit Sherlock Holmes. If it was unnatural so be it he just didn’t give a damn anymore. He was tired of denying what he felt and running away from a ghost.
“No, its fine, it’s all fine…really I just well. John you have been very animated about.”
An: No pairing this time just Mycroft being a good brother.
“I love him, and I’m going to tell him as much. I’ve been a ghost for far too long, I’d like to live for once. Maybe you should as well. I think you’ll find the DI isn’t all he seems. I’m really surprised you haven’t deduced that, are you slipping in your old age brother mine?”
John gently tapped him on the cheek and smirked.
That was the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever heard, above every symphony and carefully composed note. That promise was enough because it was true and real and...John. He always thought love was a chemical defect, a trait of the losing side that motivated people to do terrible things. A tedious useless emotion that made humanity weak and dull, but was not. Because Love was why he jumped, love was why he had spent two years of his life with little more than the clothes on his back doing everything in his power to destroy a lunatic’s network. Love was John.
Watson trampled those thoughts, as he pushed the door open. He felt like all the air had been knocked out of him as he stared at Sherlock's hunched over shaking form.
Mycroft quickly docked his phone into the vehicles control and typed in a gps as he spoke. “Sherlock, sit down now. You need to sit and think remember what I thought you? When things are too difficult or to tedious you simply have to go into your mind and open the door do you remember. I want you to sit down and do that for me now.”
“And If I live then what?” He asked unable to meet the elder’s eyes.
John hadn't announced himself when he came in as he usually did. Truthfully he wasn't sure what to say.
Every brilliant infuriating inch.
Mythena
"Your bluffing." The man in the chair tried to school his features as a cold sweat broke on the back of his neck.
The rapid fire demands were fielded as much as Mycroft had information for. Unfortunately he had only just been alerted an hour before and had been given the run around as to fining out the Doctors status.
Mycroft knew Sherlock did it on purpose this time. That was terrifying.  “Yes, thank you for your time doctor. I trust my brother is stable enough now for you to leave.”  It wasn’t a question it was a command.
Pale red rimmed eyes shot back over a angular shoulder staring at him with such shame and fright.  Sherlock made a grab for the bedclothes to cover him self, choking on the strangled pleas of  "Get out!"
“Look, Myc.”
Mycroft looked so… lost and that was frightening. He isn’t the sort that should ever look that way.
It didn't matter though in the scheme of things, He could lose every possession even the shirt off his back but he wouldn't loose his kids.
The elder Holmes looked up at the little smirk dawning his brother’s features. “You use Dr. Watson’s first name.”
Was she so weak? Or did she just have a thing for Sociopaths..
He stumbled through the flames shielding his face as they flared in his path. Through the flat, the halls of the university, the morgue, breaking through a set of doors that looked mysteriously like those of New Scotland yard.
Someone like you. - Adele
Just three or so more times and then I will stop. I can stop, I can stop whenever I like, and I can control this.
John couldn’t get it out of his head, Sherlock was alive and he just…hit him. On the one had the git deserved it for lying; but on the other, that disruption had saved John from making the biggest mistake ever. He had just begun to think it was all right to move on because he had to. It wasn’t healthy to be alone, that’s what his therapist had said. He had gone to that dinner with Mary with the small black velvet box in his coat pocket. He was just about to do it when that smooth baritone voice broke through his mind like a tornado.
Song- Lies Greed Misery - By - Linkin Park
It was Sherlock's turn to shout, his face and ears dusted in crimson. "Because I can't stand the thought of you with anyone else but me!"
Sherlock groans a bit scooting over patting the side of the bed. "Well come on then Captain Watson, seeing as I require a body guard you better start now. "
"If you want something done right, you do it your self." Mycroft Holmes said as he walked back to the long black car that awaited him. On the way the man known to many as the 'British government' slipped a pocket watch from his waist coat eying the ticking hands. A dangerous little smirk tugging at his lips as Holmes opened his trademark Umbrella. Not a moment latter the building behind him exploded with a ball of fire and hail of shattered debris.
It made something turn cold in me when I thought about the danger nights, the few times I had helped Sherlock off a mild withdrawal.
The Lestrades / Mystrade
"No. No, it has nothing to do with a bloody floral jumper and you know it! Someone. Namely you! Told her that, now I want to know what other Lies have you been telling about me right this instance!" John came marching up pushing the television aside to slide in his chair. His hands flex and grip the armrests.
By hour 3 Rosie was now hungry and not nearly as thrilled with her Uncle  Mycroft.  Thankfully reinforcements on the way.
Wrecking Ball. - Miley Cyrus
"Sherlock would you happen to know why, Joanna was under the impression that I used to be a woman?"
Non con
Mycroft blinked in the low light of the tiny cell he was in. It was a warehouse, older likely used for textile if the residue on the floors and walls was any indication. Then he was not far from the rendezvous point, also good. "Tell me something, do you really think this is going to end in your favor. Even if you kill me, I will not be the only one coming to stop you. Surely you don't think all the other countries and there agencies will let a group of madmen have control of a weapon that powerful."  He said all the while adjusting his bound wrists, just a bit closer to press the button on the side of his watch.
John Watson was always the nice guy, the guy that women dated because he was well. Just so nice. However, nice didn't always equal staying power. Nice guys often did finish last in their youth because it was the bad boys who were interesting.
Warnings- highly descriptive drug use and suicidal themes
This was it this was the moment he craved, the moment they had been searching for,
John had his head in his hands... "What else...I need to know how much damage you've done."
So annoyed in fact he hadn't heard the patter of stocking clad feet until he heard the sweet voice of their owner.
Molly stretched her self out on the floor shivered at the cold tile, it some how soothed the heat of her own skin. It was good, everything was so good. She jolted feeling a heel hook the hem of her slip,Irenes' shoe gliding along her back raising the garment up high until it lay about her shoulder blades pooled at the back of her neck.
“I need to see him, I need to be there Mycroft do you understand!”
I love you John ...I love you and one day I will have to watch you leave.
Sherlock had to laugh, for someone who owned several finely tailored Bespoke suited he'd ended up in nothing but a bed sheet in Buckingham palace. They had such good times together, it was sad to think it was all over now .
There was a beat of silence this in itself not unusual. Not until… “M-Myc…” the voice on the line cracked and shook with heavy breaths over the receiver.
Resigned to leave; maybe just send Sherlock a text or come back next week, John turned and started down. However he was meet at the bottom of the stairs by his former Landlady ‘not housekeeper’ Ms. Hudson.
He wasted no time crossing the room to her, brushing a hand over her cheek with a sincere smile. "I'm not sure there not sweeter things my dear."
Then the day came.
Holmes sighs and unfolds his legs as if this whole thing is a bore. "Fine, I may have ...tested a few of the women whom you have taken interest in. They all failed miserably obviously."
Mycrofts eyes narrowed . "I see," he spoke softly hanging his umbrella on the door handle as he  removed his jacket and waist coat, laying them each carefully over a stool before rolling up his sleeves. It would be awful to soil them after all. "You have clearly been miss informed then, because if you truly knew who I was. I assure you that would indeed be afraid, however, it has been shown that there is a link between worry and fear to those with higher IQ's. One might consider this a juxtaposition of something that by evolutionary standards is supposedly disabling."
Maybe it was just a reflex that fatherhood had yet to take away, but John jumped back into the drivers seat as Sherlock leapt through the back window. When did he roll down that window???
“Hello Gregory. My, isn’t this sentimental of me. Surely a man of my intelligence should know speaking to marble and dirt is meaningless. I don’t care though, I put this off far too long you see. I...I really must apologize for not being honest with you. For not telling you how I cared for you and now you’re gone. I never thought anyone could ever slip into my heart and somehow you became that exception. Your smile, your understanding, even your irritation it all kept me alive. You made me more Gregory, I wish I had had the courage to express that to you before now.” Mycroft took a breath to clear away the thick lump in his throat. It had been there all day taunting him.
His captors scoffed, stepping forward to jerk the blindfold away from his eyes. "Don't be so cocky Mr. Holmes; you are in no position to make threats!"
Molly sat in the morgue alone, the lights were off save for the soft glow of a single exam light over a steel table. Those were her orders, her skin prickled in goose flesh when the Letter was dropped off that morning. It was sealed in a black envelop, inside a high quality piece of parchment with finely hand pen script detail what would be expected of her.
A shiver down his spine as that sensual voice purred into his ear, even if that was all she said for the duration between glances clacking away on her mobile preparing the days schedule.
Au: War Time
The look on Sherlock’s face was priceless. Like a wall in his precious mind palace had just crumbled to dust. “But, you… John that’s….”
Lost in a surge of pleasure, sensory input that seems chaotically bombarding to my somatosensory cortex. A beautiful hour of relief, but not nearly enough. I need that more, I need to feel that embrace I cannot let it go not now when the flat is so silent and faded. I need color; I need gold shadowed in silver. I need oatmeal knit and stripes, I need silly patterns of plaid shirts with tucked in collars and eyes of dark blue.
The younger Holmes brother, intended on simply storming in and pretending to be in stroppy mood, Mycroft was usually keen to blame others for that and that's where his lovely little Doctor Watson came in...as cannon fodder. It would be perfect! ...well it was perfect until Sherlock through open the doors to his brothers office and stopped dead in his tracks.
John centric
They both looked up making eye contact for a brief moment before the doors slammed shut.
To bad, his blogger was observant, he really should not have explained the science of deduction to John because now the man could read the guilt all over his emotionless face.
That was three days ago, the fight the result of some ridiculous back and forth over vacation plans. It somehow exploded into how Greg felt disrespected. It was something that had been simmering beneath the surface for a long time but Greg never said anything. He had long ago come to terms with loving a Holmes not being an easy feat. John Watson could commiserate with that.
The older man leaned in nipping at the government operatives neck playfully; "I think you liked it a bit rough Myc. So how about we do it again in our new bed at your place yeah"
Molly pushed open the old steel door  revealing a massive empty room and like filtering in through the block glass windows. There was one other thing tho, the person she came her to see the request she should have denied and yet here she was.
“Nope” John said popping the ‘p’ in the word.
“You did now shut up and get me tea...and a Valium. Your a Doctor are you not.”
Because it wasn't their flat was it, it hadn't been their flat in a long time. This was a dream or perhaps an apparition, one of the many rooms in his mind palace. Still... he kept going, heart pounding as he flung open the doors and choked on the thick haze.
"I mean exactly as I have said, Sherlock faked his death to take down Moriartys' crime ring. I aided him in doing so and have been keeping track in his movements over Europe and the Middle East. Unfortunately, I believe he has been compromised. Our last contact was during his infiltration of a cell in Russia. Despite my influence it appears someone with in her Majesties government is blocking my every attempts to send in a retrieval team. That, John Watson is where you come in."
His through clenched looking at the simple request. He had to take it; he needed Gregory Lestrade to much to let him go.
"Come on John were leaving! " Sherlock flipped his coat dramatically causing John to scold him for behaving stroppy though the scolding was hardly holding any bite as the man then placated in the next breath quietly promising Sherlock tea and 'cuddles'. Something Mycroft would have truly not needed to hear.
Sherlock was observant, sometimes too observant for his own good.
John shot up in bed the sweat making the sheet cling to his chest, he had the nightmare again. He wouldn't find sleep again tonight, not with that horrible memory playing on loop every time he closed his eyes.
However, Murphy’s Law applied to budding detectives with a taste for cocaine and heroin.
"Out first Christmas...blimey." John muttered making his way up the stairs of 221b. He entered the flat and found it quiet. The source of the uncharacteristic peace was laying on the sofa. John couldn't help but snap a photo. "A happy Christmas indeed."
Mycroft looked up from his tea, “Excuse me?”
I dislike this, I detest what his smiling eyes make me want to say. I loath the way the roughness and strength of his hands make me shiver. I find it completely deplorable how I am brought to my knees by the command in his voice.
"No, had there been I would have used it as-well."
She felt slightly stupid now.. that was all she could say? Standing in a room with a Criminal genius could do that to you though.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
It was a snap decision, Greg knew that. He was just so tired of feeling like another of Mycroft’s puppets, Holmes seem to always have an agenda. Even in their relationship, it felt like everything was on the younger man’s terms. Not to say that Greg felt the need to be the chest beating masculine type. He just wanted the chance to take the lead. To not feel like he was just ‘along for the ride’.
"10 minuets, oh and have medical out side with an ice chest." he said before shutting and locking the door between them leaving the young agent with a confused and frightened face.
Among these things were also the worst of Sherlock Holmes. John had seen the man at his most brilliant and out of his depth when it came to the feelings of not only others but Sherlock himself. John Watson had watched Sherlock fight inner demons more times than John ever wanted to. The army doctor had even watched the detective 'die', that had been the most damaging thing of all.
There was so much smoke, it was black and swirled high charring everything. The flames licked up the walls, the paper curled and flecked away under the onslaught. He watched the happy face shot into the wall scorch into an evil grimace.
At least, I got to say good bye.
"John.."
“Their grown men Sherlock. You should be happy for them.”
Four guards at the door, the silencer made it almost too easy taking each in rapid secession. John dropped those men with out batting an eye. He wasn't concerned with surveillance, the place was little more than an abandoned bunker running off a generator. All the power was concentrated on the few lights and likely a single set of rooms for heat and water.
Sherlock looked at him along moments those bright beautiful eyes narrowing a fraction. “There is no Anthony is there.”
The elder Holmes lifted the yellow tape and walked over eying the body that lay face-down in the ally. " Just checking on you brother mine, can I not show interest in your Work?"
Suddenly the bed shifted and Sherlock found him self pulled over onto his back. John was now very very close to him.
When morning came it was cold in the apartment as it always was and yet... he was warm, a blanket had been draped over him. Mrs Hudson no doubt. John got up to make tea noticing the time, 6am, that was very early for his aged landlady to be up and about. He paid this no mind, his mind too fogged to hear the soft click of the front door closing or tentative footsteps descending the stairs, had John bothered to look out of the window he would have seen a lanky hooded figure ducking into a waiting car. However doctor Watson did none of those things, he just padded back down the hall to dress for work, pausing only when his nose caught a breeze of cologne. He would smile sadly and shake his head blaming the occurrence as his own mind trying to comfort him. Because Sherlock was gone, and miracles... well.. they just didn't happen.
"How...." Mycroft all but collapse back into his chair.
He was afraid of thin walls, afraid of making a mistake that might ruin his solider.
"I'll always want you Sherlock, so the next time you go off taking on criminal mastermind's. I'd like to get the invite as-well, so someone will be there to patch you up when you do something daft."
"Never Mind lets go NOW JOHN !" Sherlock pushed and shoved the shorter man ahead of him and out of the building. Behind them the cackling laughter of a woman could be faintly heard through the mahogany doors.
John walked over to the side of the bed his brow furrowed as he began to check the detective over, Dr. Watson of course. Pulse, heart rate, pupils,temperature. It wasn't until Sherlock grabbed his wrists and looked him in the eyes that John paused.
For the man in question though, where pleasantries and formalities were as easy as breathing, not a word in any of the various languages he knew could compare to the one phrase uttered from her perfect lips time and again. That soft word of sweet endearment that perhaps most would say he didn't deserve.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Mycroft hummed in agreement before turning a par of light red rimmed eyes to the DI, “Indeed, But I’ve never been dumped either.”
The light was so bright here, looking up he had to squint at the spiral staircase. This had been in his grandmother's house in France.
Both men turned red when they heard little Aubrey asks her brother if "Mikey was going to be their new mommy"
Pulling up to the crime scene Mycroft stood back watching Sherlock flounce this way and that rattling off things all the while his little goldfish the good Doctor Watson praised his intelligent.
“Oh god... No” A deep voice muttered from the kitchen.
When Sherlock found his ‘calling’ as the world’s only consulting detective, Mycroft thought that might be the answer. The Scotland Yard DI Lestrade had told Sherlock he couldn’t come to the crime scenes high.
Mycroft sighed placing the tray to the side, he was done he was surrendering to his own pride if it beating h brothers addiction.  “We don’t have room for it Sherlock but its there nonetheless and sometimes it’s that sentiment that shows us what’s important. It shows us what’s worth the fight.”
On the other hand, how the man caught a slight blush when John slipped into that commanding tone of Captain Watson.
"No John, I'm not a good man. I never will be, because I lied to my only friend and told him I wanted him to stay with a woman who did not make him happy all because I couldn't bear to rejection of telling him the truth. A good man wouldn't have done that."
Song - burning house - Cam
“Tell me.” He said placing his pen down and clasping his hands. Assuming his brother had gone and done something again or some national crisis had started. However if it was the latter he would have seen it coming.
Taking up the needle again and loading the chamber, I think about that game the Russians play, one bullet in the chamber. It is like that isn’t it?
He could image everything about that beautiful mad genius, the way he smiled, they he laughed, the way he cried when he thought John couldn't hear him.
This would be their first Christmas as a  couple. As strange as that title seemed but it was true. Maybe it had taken him a bit long to see it but now there was no denying it...he loved Sherlock Holmes. Sure, the detective could try his last nerve but the thought of being without the man was far worse.
Mycroft Holmes had never been an easy man to get to know, yet somehow Gregory Lestrade had broken down the Iceman’s defenses. It had started as a joint effort to keep the younger Holmes brother out of trouble, after-all Mycroft constantly worried for Sherlock even if he wasn’t prone to brotherly affection.
"Sherlock....."
Greg walked into the much nicer apartment in the more upscale part of London, surprised his key still worked. He would have thought after his blow up Mycroft would have had the locks changed. This was a place between both of their homes, a place that was not just one or the other but a bit of them both. It felt like home even more so that Greg’s flat, he would live in for years. He had missed it.
Inside a man sat handcuffed in a chair, over plastic as requested. At least they where capable of following orders.
Overtime, Mycroft to begin to see the DI differently. Even for a goldfish; Greg was interesting. He was funny, honest. Dare he admit the man was handsome?
After that I couldn’t stay, but I couldn’t go back either, that would have been like admitting I was wrong. I’m just as stubborn as that lunatic.
When She Says Baby. - Jason Aldean
Silence.
The warm euphoria that sprints through my femoral vein in a lovely 17 seconds. There is no pain here, no tension, and no anxiety. That initial rise to the mountaintop as the belt hits the floor, the lovely embrace of the plateau. The ceiling becomes a haze and the walls melt into the floor.
The politician tilted his head to listen; Sherlock was getting up from some place. The crinkle of paper and fabric but not sheets, the scuff of leather-soled shoes on concrete. A smack house then, some place with concrete floors, industrial. The drug dens that were held in the old warehouse district near the Thames. Only a hand full of locations but still not good enough.
"Stop laughing and help me! She will not stop I have tried everything! She hates me, and formula...and whatever these things are!"  he gestured to the pile of soft toys scattered on the desk.
"Yeah I know...," the Di said with a shrug and turned his back, he couldn't watch her leave. He didn't want her to get the satisfaction of seeing him break.
"Hey you, you've been out for a few days I was starting to wonder if you'd ever wake up."John reached up with a gentle touch threading his fingers through Sherlocks hair.  "Listen, Mycroft told me everything, I wont lie I am cross with you for faking your death mind, I'm not going to let you off the hook for that one. But I know why you did it, the fact that you almost really did..." John choked up some looking away to compose himself a moment.  " I can't carry on properly with out haveing you living and breathing do you know that? I was a wreak and I realized everything I missed, your silly moods, your distaste for the deerstalker."
Just one bullet changed everything.
Pairings: Johnlock
“.. Why. Why can’t I just let go. Why is it so hard these things the useless things I want to delete it all Mycroft. I just wanted to delete it all. ” There was creak of the metal door following Sherlock disturbing phrase. The ambient sound outside, Sherlock was outside near water.
Mycroft lifted his other hand to the phone, sitting up in bed back straight as a board. “Sherlock, what’s going on?”
If he was not so calm and so patient with me, if he was not to genuine and loyal; I wouldn't have these nonsensical feelings muddling up my daily life.
"..J-john.?."  the words felt like sandpaper
it crooned. That voice would always stop him and he never knew why. " I can't, I can't keep going with out you. I don't know how... I was so lonely and you gave me so much.. I just wish I could have told you,that I could have saved you. " John sobbed collapsing into his chair.
Dr. Watson smiled tugging Sherlock's hand to his lips gracing those long pale fingers with a kiss.
He had to get out.
I may do a part two if anyone asks
It had happened by accident, Sherlock had not been back long and Mycroft in all his careful planning had ‘forgotten’ Sherlock’s medication. The Suppressants and scent stabilizers were pivotal if he was to continue The Work. Of course, his brother told him that he should be fine, after all, he had been through quite an ordeal with traipsing all over the world unraveling Moriarty’s network. It might do him some good to go off the chemicals for a while.
Mycroft must be sweating since I found all of his little cameras.
“And your findings Dr. Watson?”
Song: "Gravity" – Perfect Circle
What he did remember were the faces of Gregory Lestrades children, he had met the eldest girl a few times before. She was bright not like her mother who was absent even now. The young woman came in with her younger brother and sister, she sat next to him and didn’t say a word.  It was just comfortable silence as they waited.
By the time Sherlock and John returned to pick up Rosie she was fed and sleeping peacefully in the arms of her Uncle Myc.
There had been a convoy ambush and there where many wounded including Captain Watson. As far as the information Mycroft could gather the man was alive.
"He didn't come back for me Mr. Watson, I think you and I both know that. Rest assured i will give my little brother a firm reprimand for worrying us all when the time is right. "
“We did all we could, I’m very sorry, he’s gone.”
The older mans expression remained unmoved, by the time it took the baby-faced agent to utter that sentence Mycroft had already determined at lest 12 incredibly personal things about the younger man. Thankfully he had better things to do than point out to the magnitude of flaws and ask why on earth MI6 was scraping up mediocre Uni graduates to do serious work. No he simply looked down his nose causing the young man to cower away and open the door.
The younger man rolled his eyes, “Lestrade, you like him but you haven’t told him because you find him painfully heterosexual.”
Going over in his mind the things the older man had said, he had no idea Gregory felt that way. He knew Lestrade could become annoyed but he hid all this resentment masterfully well. It hurt to know that Greg felt so under-appreciated, like little more than another of Mycroft’s employees did.
He looked back at the door they creaked and the metal began to glow and melt. There was not much time.
Not the kind of message one receives from ones supervisor then, no this was a lover. Some instances was little more than a glance before the mobile was shoved quickly into a trouser or coat pocket – photos then. Of the more adult variety given the odd fluster and excuses to step away that followed.
But it was, the broken sound of a man whose heart was breaking into pieces. The sounds of the worlds only consulting detective letting out the emotions he worked so hard to pretend that he didn't have.
"Or you could just ask him."
John would wonder what that was like to love someone so much to call his or her name with your last breath.
"Eyes forward." The Woman..her voice sent chills along Mollys spine. It was everything she had hoped for.
Mycroft melted, baring his face in the older man’s shoulder, taking in the musky smell of his department store cologne. His hands griped into the thin cotton t-shirt Greg wore and held on as though he-man before him would cease to exit. Maybe it would not be so bad to be cared for, if this is what it felt like.
That sealed it, that quivering in the detectives tone that shattered Johns resolve. The alpha moved forward and carefully wrapped his arms around the taller man. Feeling how much thinner Sherlock was and how he shook in Johns arms. “I could never hate you, I… I love you Sherlock. I always have.”
The next few weeks were hell, withdrawal symptoms where frighten and tedious. Aggression, sweating, nausea vomiting, muscle spasms and seizures.
John let out a sigh smiling sadly as he took one of Sherlock's hands in his own. "I told you, you don't have to keep apologizing. And I was never really taken away from you, if anything I almost lost you because of Mary and you still wanted me to forgive her. Your a good man Sherlock Holmes even if you don't realize it."
"Sherlock please... I can't lose you not again."
"Yes Mistress Please."  As soon as the words were out Molly gasped, her hair jerked back cruelly. The sharp pain sending pleasure flooding down between her thighs "Thank you Mistress!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “So what? You’re torturing me for England?”
Mainlining, such a beautiful word. The way it rolls off the tug has a macabre elegance; it dances in like the wisps of smoke from this substance boiling in the silver spoon that inspired it. Dissolving my memories in water and citric powder, boiling away the noise and replacing it with anticipation.
Pairing JohnLock
Sherlock melted in those warm deceptively strong arms, resting his head on Johns shoulder. "I didn't want to, I never wanted to. I ...I needed you every day."
“You like him.” Sherlock said passively easing down into his chair in 221B.
Now regret was heavy and Lestrade hoped he had not thrown everything away. He reached for the phone typing out a text, he knew Mycroft did not favor them but it was better this way. He did not think he could muster this conversation over the phone.
That's what Sherlock said when he showed up on the doorstep of 221b, he really wasn't surprised when john decked him. What did surprise him however was after he got up from the floor was to find him self with wrapped up in his little bloggers arms.
"Why. Why Sherlock would you do this?" John didn't sound very angry now.
John had a lot to do today. With Christmas coming up, his blog, moving back in with Sherlock ( That last one seemed to take up loads of his time. Some times in a good way thank you very much.) Still there was so much to do and so little time.
John found himself wandering around in daze after the reality of his feelings really sunk in. Sherlock was not what you would call
Slowly large hands slid around Johns back and griped his coat. He felt Sherlock relax and his head find the crook of John’s neck, fluttering warm uneven breaths over the sliver of skin about the collar of his shirt. “John…”
Therefore, the truth shall set you free. Well Sherlock hopes it will free him from bodily harm.
Sherlock grimaced."You call interested I call it stalking, was there no Korean elections to keep you busy or perhaps you where out looking for a pastry shop and got lost."
That one hurt, that one cut right to the quick. Johns' look of complete and utter disappointment. He was right. Looking back now Sherlock was glad that wasn't the last conversation they had, as selfish as it was.
By the 2nd day the iceman had worn thin, he opted to work from his home office. Feeling like a brooding teenager as he refused to change out of his pajamas and dressing gown. He was not near the imposing figure in the cream and blue striped cotton lounge pants.
John burst into the flat and immediately noticed the stench, poor Mrs. Hudson. She never could handle seeing Sherlock so ill. She would stay away out of respect or maybe it was fear. John had that fear now as he charged toward the bedroom calling out the detective’s name.
"Lovely, this is what you need isn't it ? What you want?" The voice of her Mistress teased.
When it was over, Molly sat wrapped in a warm blanket. An Associate of Miss Adlers came  in at the end of the session. She poured them both tea and they now sat on the sofa in Mollys office. She was surprised with the tenderness Irene expressed. Checking her over with a kind smile, telling her how well she had done. The praise made her blush, she had expected the woman to leave but instead she remained allowing molly to rest her head on her leg, carding those brilliant red nails through her hair. " You know dear, I don't think paid appointments suit you. Your far to precious of a little gem to let go, i think instead a more ..permanent arrangement. "
The 3rd day Anthea was left in charge. She had never seen the elder Holmes in such a state. While he claimed illness as the cause for his lethargy, she knew that was not the case. It was guilt, overwhelming guilt and sorrow for losing the first and only real love he had ever had.
Tags: Soilder!John, Feels!, BAMF John
Mycroft did not remember the drive to the hospital, he didn’t remember the walk in through the automatic double doors of the A&E. He didn’t remember the color of the waiting carpet or the ethnicity of the nurse who placed a cup of bitter coffee in his hands.
Mycroft steepled his fingers and took a breath, " There's something I must tell you doctor Watson and it is of the up most Importance that it not leave this room. It will be difficult to understand but please know it was never meant to turn out like this."
Gregory smiled to himself leaning over to wrap his arms around the younger man who momentarily froze in surprise. “Myc, you don’t have to be what you are to the world with me. You just have to be you, which is all I have ever wanted. For once, I want you not to have to worry so much, let me all right. Let me take care of you, let me love you.”
Molly was trembling drooling as she lay tied on the exam table, her back and rear was littered in welts that stung beautifully underneath her. She looked up with glazed reverent eyes to her Mistress straddling her chest. The satin slip she had dawned an hour ago was gone forgotten on the floor.
Suddenly he was alone but he could hear something, it was far away but even so he knew his Doctors voice anywhere. It kept him right and warm in those bitter nights in Serbia.
There was that voice again, ringing in the dark corridor of his mind. Was this what it was like to die? Being taunted by the most hurtful things you had ever done? Sherlock wondered briefly if he had been wrong about there being no God. Maybe this was hell, having to relive the hurting the man he loved.
Something...no "I'm... not asleep."
"Come on then.. I won't break" He said with a cheeky grin. Rather charming for a man who almost died on the battlefield a few days before.
John didn't question the plan, he was a soldier and now he had his marching orders. It had to be him, the elder Holmes would trust no one else with the safety of his little brother. Even if it started a war, John finally understood the love that the supposed ice man had for Sherlock.
Flushed face
After all the mourners had left a single black car was left dealing on the cemetery as a stately man in a 3 piece suit stood before a freshly lay grave marker.
The DI could tell though that behind that aristocratic poise was a kind man with a lot of fear. Fear to lose, fear to give, and fear to be seen as weak by those who might use familial sentiments against him.
Warnings: Drug use.
"I see now why mother hired nannys to deal with Sherlocks nappies....this is ...well it's ...lord.." He looked away gagging before snatching away the offending material and chucking it in the rubbish bin. Rosie meanwhile just giggle and waved her arms and legs.
Mycroft gathered up the gaunt filthy form of the sibling he used to know, looking into blown glassy eyes that belonged to their mother. He saw nothing but surrender.
"Yeah, that's all you'll ever be Greg! Just some run down old copper!" Caroline shouted back as she packed up her belonging into her new boyfriends Audi.  "You're gunna hear from my barrister." she snapped, slamming the trunk closed.
That’s when John took the detectives too cool, too thin hand in his. They had all been right, the woman, Donavan, all the women John ever tried to date. Even Mary.
Greg's eyes snapped open as he looked over at Mycroft whom was still in bed now half hiding in the duvet.
The funeral was dignified, a police procession a sea of black umbrellas and red roses. It was everything the the man deserved. That didn’t make it any easier.
Cold sweats, fever, chills, vomiting, the terrible involuntary spasms.
He loved every part of the man, from his maniac tendencies to his tears.
The heat was bad enough leaving his body sticky and sweltering, but the grit of dust now coating his skin made it that much worse.
A best friend.
Slowly the recovery began, and on the 6th night when things changed, as if they hadn't already. Perhaps though..this was the one thing John needed to know most. The one thing Sherlock needed to say the most.
"I know Gregory, I know, May I come in?"
For so long she had hoped it would be the consulting detective that would take her with those elegant hands ..she had envisioned it hundreds of times. Long nimble fingers tight around her throat, that silken baritone speaking into her ear. Ordering her onto her knees.
“Sir, there’s been a situation.”
Even when he thought Sherlock was dead, he couldn’t forget him, couldn’t wash his mind free of wild dark hair and long limbs smooth as porcelain. That grin when the man knew the answer to a problem, the way he would hold it because it was the best part of the game to know something no one else did. John missed it all.
The detective narrowed his eyes. “Yes fine get out of my flat and go terrorize a cake shop.”
Sherlock was alone in the room they had converted for him, what was once a small recreational room in the basement had been converted to a bedroom and bath. Safety precautions taken of course, no sharp implements of dangerous wears.  It was clear in the first few days the over dose was not accidental. Mycroft wasn’t taking any chances.
He needed a change, so the next logical thing he could think of was to find a roommate, which would hopefully solve two of his problems. One being he paid too much for the shotty little room he was living in, and two having someone to talk to. Oh but there in lay the problem - who would want him for a flat mate?
They wouldn't get out now, he knew it as he climbed into the small bed next the one man who meant so much. The one man he never wanted to hurt. His friend- only friend, best friend, best... everything.
"That was...Brilliant." Lestrade gawked before ordering Anderson to check for the receipt which was of course found.
Molly found her self panting after only a 15  minuets in, bent over the exam table with her slip pulled lewdly over her bare backside. Irene was breath taking, powerful and poised. "P-Please Mistress! I..I can take more!" She moaned feeling a hand caressing and squeezing her already ruddy red buttock.
AN: This is just fluff. And non cannon so yeah
There was a clattering of Sherlock’s phone hitting the pavement fallowed by a dull thud of a body.
Also if you know me you know I love to destroy your feels so have a hankey handy for the tears will be unleashed.
“John I...I couldn’t tell you I couldn’t tell anyone. You know how things are; even if it’s not as bad as it used be I still could not have done the Work if anyone knew. You wouldn’t have stayed if you knew why are you even here now? For god sakes John say something!” Sherlock was half shouting half pleading.
"Gregory... I have a proposition, if you're open to it." Holmes began as he fell back against the pillows.
The trigger gave and the battle was over.
It would seem cellular liaisons was all the rage for middle-aged-men in London. The Git would glance at his phone then pocket it, or be typing away with one hand, the other gingerly swinging that blasted umbrella.
“Bloody hell I’m in love with Sherlock Holmes.”
"She would, I'm sure father would be pleased with some of my other choices as well." He commented, light eyes lingering down her back and over the rise of her behind in the tight fitting leather.
It was never to be, she knew that. She had seen enough proof of who Sherlock Holmes really was. What he really was... deep down he was the same kind of animal as her. She could see it in the way his hands trembled when John Watson raised his voice. No, he wasn't the one who could provide the relief for that itch she needed scratched.
Preparation is done with well-practiced measurements, the movements as smooth as the bow across the strings of a violin. Because I know this dance I know it so well, let us see them do something about it now.
"Right...right, we are going to talk about this just..just not right now." John took a breath and ran a hand over his face, entering Doctor Watson mode.  " is there any more in the flat, and don't you lie to me Sherlock I will call Lestrade if I have to."
“There has been a shooting outside of Scotland yard. DI Lestrade was one of those injured, he’s been transported to St.Barts.”
He pushed it open slowly and the wave hit him in the face. God who ever Sherlock had in here really should have gone to an omega hostel or a family member because really this was dangerous. “Sherlock?”
John was never mine to have; he was a visitor in this madness. I left, I died, he moved on. Moved on with her….
"Bollocks! They were all perfectly fine and very nice now tell me the real reason!" John said jumping up getting into Sherlock's personal space.
“Mr Holmes.”
Typical, Sherlock would say something like that but it was proof, or
Let them solve their own crimes for once I have more important things to attend to. I am wondering what John’s doing right now… living in his new home with his assassin bride. He could forgive her, but he left me…
Somewhere along the line though things began to blur, not just because they spent every moment together. Sherlock often disappeared for a day or two, and John had his work at the clinic. It was more than that; maybe it was how everyone just assumed they were a couple.
Pale skin riddled crisscrossing scars over his back. The vertebra standing out far to boldly, it was all so..wrong.
He needed to numb those feelings before he drowned in them.
I despise to admit that I need him, even though it's true, I am reliant, dependent, and completely foolish without his guidance. John Watson keeps me right.
"Yes, I see well that is a bother but i suppose it can't be helped. I will be down shortly.. oh and do put plastic down its unsightly to filthy the floor." Hanging up the red phone he clicked his tongue in distaste. Really was everyone so incompetent?
The end of each day was a momentary bliss, war was hell and every hour pushed him to his limit as a doctor and a solider. It was in these quiet moments when the dark inky blue of the Middle Eastern sky was above and the still warm earth was below him that he could breathe. He could take out that slightly wrinkled piece of paper from his jacket and run his fingers over the deep creases before reading the words.
"Of course my dear, how thoughtless of me." He stood beside her next to the double doors that could very well lead to their death. He wordlessly offered his hand his weapon ready in the other.
An: inspired by this song and the Pic of these cosplayers from Russia, they are ...amazing ..I loved this so yeah here we go.
Fortunately for John he would get to keep his mobile, unfortunately for Sherlock – he was going to lose his lunch – and respect for Lestrade.
It is simple really, a chemical compound, something I can understand. C21H23NO5; with a molecular mass of 369.41 g/mol. Child’s play, a fluid ticket to euphoria.
"Very good Sir."
It was the middle of the night and Sherlock Homles was busy not sleeping, sleep was boring. He had a collection of mold spores he was looking at under the microscope when the phone rang.
Friends were not jealous though when other friends had dates and friends did not typically offer them selves up to be blown to bits by a bomb at the hands of a crazed maniac. However, not everyone was like them.
Of all the things John had grown to expect in life Sherlock Holmes was not at all what he had been expecting at all.
When the cab slows down, I throw a hand full of bills, keys in hand. Every steep feels like moving through wet sand because I can tell when I hit the landing that something isn’t right.
That's all it took for that rich baritone to beg the heavens and chant the good doctor's name like a holy mantra.
After the doctor had left Mycroft dismissed most of the staff and entered the guest room turned makeshift hospital room. Sherlock looked so thin and grey and helpless, it wasn’t right.
Now Greg felt like a heel, he really did not think this would have affected Mycroft at all. Maybe the man cared a lot more than he let on. If that was the case Gregory had been terribly wrong.
He didn't expect Sherlock's lashes to flutter when they did. Lids slowly peeling back with a glassy almost drunk look in those usually bright clever eyes. The Doctor jumped to his feet immediately looking the detective over and pressing the call button.
“Captain Watson!” Someone shouted.
“Maybe  ...A friend or... No Sherlock doesn’t have friends other than me...” John said to himself as he slowly crept back up the stairwell. Sherlock wouldn’t keep a client here, he might be a sociopath but he’s still an alpha and wouldn’t stand a chance against temptation. Even John was having a hard time calming down his heart rate as he reached to door.
Mycroft nearly choked on his tea. “I do not
Pairing: mystrade
Gregg laughed scrubbing his hands over his face. "I think I'm open to just about anything right now."
I would never ask that of him, he has made it clear that his feeling toward me is platonic, brotherly even. I am certain that if I were to ever under those three words that John would leave. He would realize how broken I was and apologize for leading me to believe that what we have is more than cohabitation. He might even say he cares for me but, not in that way.
His hand closed around the device spiriting it off the table and up to his ear as the call picked up. “Yes Brother mine.”  He said having seen the Caller ID.
Mycroft sat in his office looking over various files and folders when his desk line rang.
“An experiment yes.”
"Well Love...This was worth the drive."
It felt like forever before the return message pinged.
Irene smiled dropping the coat she had worn to the floor, her corset and stockings still unseen by her submissive; sure to be a feast for the eye. "Hmm, good girl I think for tonight  the safe word will be..Vatican Cameos." Her lips quirking at the little private joke only known to her.
He didn’t know how to stop Sherlock either, interventions didn’t work, kidnapping the youth off the street and throwing him into rehab didn’t work. Those clean living respite had been little more than a speed bump in the younger Holmes’s road to destruction.
“Shhh, it’s alright brother mine, it’s alright now. Do relax, nothing is going to hurt you just breathe and relax.” the elder Holmes spoke calmly and evenly still stroking back Sherlock’s hair.
Almost Lovers. - A fine frenzy
When the mad man pulled away he smirked at the blush on the lovely young coroners cheeks.
Mercurial eyes closed as he buried his face against a familiar scared shoulder. "I'm sorry.. I'm so sorry"
Song: only fools rush in -Elvis Presley
Gregory Lestrade stood at the door way watching a frazzled Mycroft with spit up on his vest and his hair mussed from agitated fingers.
“I will never be happy again..”
This is Inspired by StickyRice and her Story Gestures  so do check that out!
~§£~§£~§£~
John denied this at every turn.
Something in his chest would ache, all the time he spent running away from emotions he never really got away from them. It was moments like that when the powerful looming loneliness would grip his ribcage and seize up his heart. He wanted that, that perfecting shinning thing with someone made just for him.
The next few hours where a mad dash and swarms of doctors, John all the while trying to detach that part of his mind screaming for that lifeless form to just be ok. Sherlock needed him calm, needed him focused.
Mycroft however found himself unable to be so bold as to say the words. “Tomorrow, perhaps the holiday. Over drinks or a nice dinner.” All excuses.
"Don't..just don't John..." Sherlock said, he felt ashamed enough for having john see him like this. Plus he could already feel the sensation ebbing from his limbs they felt heavy and his mind felt slow.
"Elementary my dear Watson!" The brunette said theatrically clapping his hands. "You will distract the fat git known as my brother. Tell him you have cake I'm sure that will work, while your doing that I will break into his computer and download a few files onto this jump-drive."
Summary: Greg reflects on his recent break up
“Mycroft…..Help me.”
John curled his fingers around Sherlock's and the detectives head shot up. His light eyes rimed in red and glistening tears.
Never will I tell him of these...Damnable feelings that consume me. Just as I will never see my reflection in those deep blue eyes so filled with care. Not like how he looks at those women.
Before John could even stop her or ask what the devil she was, talking about the small woman had scurried off into her own flat. The Doctor looked down into the box, bottle water, cup noodles, protein bars, Alpha body spray and a narrow black box with a white font printed ‘Little Helper’. John blushed to the tip of his ears, he was aware of what that last one was. He had dated omegas before and knew a heat aid when he saw one. Why was Ms. Hudson the one to go and get these things, if Sherlock had some omega in there he should have been the one to get the supplies for them.
"From this moment on you will address me as Mistress. This session will last for two hours, I have noted your few limits and will abide by them.  During this session you will reach new heights of pleasure and be pushed beyond what you felt you where ever capable of feeling. Do you understand?"
"John....ah..John please " breathless words in deep registry broke the silence in 221b. The bedroom was to hot and air to thick around them.
"So whats the plan?" John Watson inquired as He followed Sherlock, like always the detective could never do things the simple way.
The entire world seemed to lose its color when Sherlock first heard those words. He needed to know more, Was john alive? Was the injury a serious one? Did he sustain any other wounds? Was it friendly fire or had there been a scrimmage? When did it happen? Where was he?
“I won’t let this happen, you’re going to get better lock, and you hear me. You’re going to live much longer than any of us just out of spite I know it. Now I need you to know it, this is your choice. Please, please Sherlock. Please live.”
~§£~§£~§£~
John laughed, how hard he had worked to fight what everyone said about them. Yet here he sat, reaching out to card his fingers through dark erodent curls. "Wake up Sherlock, I need to tell you something and I know you don't like repetitiveness. So wake up cause I'm only gunna say it once."
"Yes...love let me hear you. God your so beautiful," John praised the man beneath him as Sherlock arched and fought desperately to contain his pleasured cries.
Sherlock tested his shackles, he mildly considered all of the blood on his arms and wrists might work as a effective lubricant and he could slip his hand out. That proved false, such a disappointment that was. "I'm sorry John it looks like I'm not coming back." he murmured into the darkness. " I have been running for my life all over the globe, I've killed...so many people for you and you will never know."
I look forward to your comments and follows depending how this fandom experiment goes I may consider doing a multi chapter sherlock fic in the future.
"Yes Sherlock."
The man had that slender body and those long legs, John had often fantasized about how much easier it would all be if Sherlock were a woman. He could just turn on that Watson charm and sweep the posh git off his feet.
That first conversation had been the worst.
"Right on time" he commented before sliding into the back seat to direct orders to his driver. "Jeremy, I have a 1'oclock at the Diogenes, Anthea will send for you when it has concluded."
Song: I need you now -by Olly Murs
Sherlock backed himself into the corner, his shoulders rolled forward and arms tighten around his middle. “You wouldn’t? What about Mary, what about …John you shaved your mustache. Why would you…I said I didn’t like it and now it’s gone. You’re here and you’re smiling, your eyes are dilated and your posture is open considering I have been lying to you about my nature since we meet and yet…you’re not angry.”
Everything after that was a numb blur.
They claimed Mycroft should not force his brothers sobriety, Sherlock had to want it for him.
Greg Lestrade was for all purposes straight, he had a wife. Scratch that.
“Say that you’ll let me help you.”
He wanted something like that, he needed it.
She could feel his gaze and allowed it, swaying her hips in step down the hall. "There are easily a hundred men out there; perhaps you should concentrate on that."
"Yes John?"
A gps signal.  It would not be long now.
Criminal by Britney Spears
"Thank you Mr. Watson."
Inspired by So this is Christmas - Celine Dion
He remembered making it up the drive and staff running out to his car unloading an unconscious Sherlock homes from the back seat.  Anthea was there, her gentle hand falling on his shoulder leading him into the sitting room murmuring gently “Your brother will be taken care of sir.”
"I didn't think you'd come. Such a pleasant surprise that the little kitten seeks out the wolf, are you stupid or no, no your not are you..it's curiosity. Perhaps I misjudged you Molly."
Sherlock felt so warm opening his eyes in one of his mind palaces many rooms, this one looked like the garden at his grandmothers home. He was laying in the lush grass watching as the clouds floated past each one flashing images.
It’s different seeing someone you care for, someone you love laying limp with a needle in their arm.
As Always Comment Love Vote Follow ! And Happy Reading!
Sherlock fell onto the top step curled on his side looking up at the door; it was the door to 221b.
"Please...you don't know what you mean to me.. what you've always meant."
“Jesus Christ….SHERLOCK!”
Mythea - Mycroft × Anthea
That's why this moment shook John to his core. Not for the things he had seen, but for the things he didn't see, things he of all people should have seen.
Mycroft flustered a bit "I could have said the same for you last night DI Lestrade."
That was the one word that stood out the most for Sherlock, John was alive but for how long.
I would rather bathe in sulfuric acid than to hear him say that.
I disconnect the call for the fourth time in the cab, after what Mycroft said I could not seemed to get back to the flat fast enough. The look on his face as if he had just...Given up. How do you do that to your own brother, as many times as Harry has been in and out of rehab I … oh yes I suppose I did. Scrubbing my hands over my face, I feel like an idiot, he came back from the dead and me... I got married. I left him when could see that he wasn’t ok. I trusted a woman who almost killed him; I went back to her ready to continently bury my head in the sand.
John climbed up onto the bed. "Yes you win." Pulling Sherlock gently to his chest letting the other rest his heat over his heart.
The brunette jumped up motioning wildly with his hands. "What do you want John! They were just tiny little rumors! So what if I told Susan that you hide your wedding band or Anna that you spend a year in prison or what was her name ...the sales girl, yes I told her you hang out at those late night motels."
I am just a machine, which is what John said. Machines require maintenance when they are damaged; their only value is in their function. My function is my intelligence, I need that utility to properly complete The Work and thus I need maintenance. I need to clear away the debris left in the wake of this pitiable longing. Sweep out the halls of my mind palace and delete all the useless information.
The detective's cheeks went red and he crossed his arms. "It wouldn't have worked out with them; you're too good for them."
Her voice seemed to loud bouncing off the concrete and steel beams, the man whom she was addressing stood in an impeccable Westwood suit illuminated by the window. He turned his head over his shoulder, his features half obscured in shadow.
"I do not need nor desire your help." Sherlock crossed his arms in a petulant manner.
Was Sherlock blushing…god yes he was. John wanted to end this whole charade now but he needed to know, just one more observation to support and then he could come clean. Then he could tell the infuriatingly brilliant man that it was just a farce. That there was only one man for John Hamish Watson and that was William Sherlock Scott Holmes.  His Best friend!
He’d refused to shed a tear, until now. One silent solitary droplet escaped trekking down his cheek and dropping to his black suit lapel. “I loved you, I will… always love you.”
This happens…no nothing just happens.
Greg turned rising up on his elbow, "Moving kind of fast aren't you Mister Holmes?" he said with a smirk.
So John hadn't hesitated to plop his little girl down in the brunettes lap before announcing his trip out. "I'll be back soon, and Sherlock when you have to change her do redress her...we can't just let her run around starkers."
Shouting brought the consulting detective out of his thoughts only to be meet with a bucket of ice water bing thrown on his already frail form. They thought he was a spy, an mi6 operative. It was better that way, it was better because he knew no national secrets, none of much Import. Unless they wanted to know how he had deduced that 11 male members of Parliament were currently cheating on their wives,4 of those with other men. Or that several more were frequent drug users and 2 who had a fondness for wearing ladies knickers . Doubtful that's what they wanted to know. However anything Sherlock deemed as dull he deleted, he had a tendency to only retain the interesting and embarrassing bits, none of which would save his life at the moment.
"John..." It was true, fire did show ones priorities.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
"Death..Frisbee" Sherlock corrected. This garnering a smile form John.
John simply rolled his eyes and followed after his partner as always.
After Sherlock had gone unresponsive Mycroft opened a 3way call and requested the line be traced by satellite and...Discretely. He already had a general idea but that was not enough not now, not when his brother could very well be dying.  He knew the police or emergency services would not make it there any sooner than he could, not when he could easily alter the flow of traffic if need be.
Most of all I hate that he does not Love me.
"Don't question me Watson move!"
Song: Far Away -Nickelback
"I told the dental technician you had seven children and were once a male exotic dancer." Sherlock stood silently and statue still waiting the Doctors wrath.
"Don't you ever do that again, you promise me! I swear to god Sherlock if you ever leave me again I will find you and kill you myself."
"Yes I should think that would be much better now. Now little Miss, i do believe you need to be cleaned and re-attired yes?"
John could see it and he didn't care, let them here. He wrapped his arms around his detective's lithe body and whispered, "I love you."
"Da! Wake up is time for cartooons! Oh Hai Mikey!" little Aubrey shouted brightly.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
John Hamish Watson had survived war. He had been shot, had been captured by mafia assassins, followed after a man everyone said would get him killed one day. But this... losing Sherlock, he wasn't sure he could survive this.
. Defined as a mental uneasiness from suspicion or fear of rivalry, unfaithfulness, etc., as in love or aims. A vigilance in maintaining or guarding something.
The elder Holmes spoke carefully minding his tone and volume. After all he did worry constantly for his little brother and this, this was going to be hard. “Sherlock. It’s John, he’s been shot.”
JohnLock with background Mystrade
“It was an overdose Sir, the substance is known as a speed ball, it’s a mixture of heroine and cocaine that is injected. Unfortunately, combining the two is often done with little or no accuracy for quantity of each and this happens. “
But that wasn't right something in his head supplied, something was all wrong with that. ..
That is when it happened , or when John actually took notice of the little things. Like how annoyed or Jealous Sherlock was when pretty girls flirted with the army doctor.
“Why, tell me why. You are the one who said we had no room for sentiment. That was you! So why Mycroft why prey-tell wont you let me out of this prison to do as I please!” he shouted when his brother came down to bring him dinner.
He flexed his fingers to test mobility, Left hand..good..Right hand..oh there's something..no..there's..Shifting his eyes to the right he saw a head of scruffy blond hair resting on the bed next to his hip, he felt a hand holding his.
It took hours before John exited the room the team had disappeared into. He looked ragged as he slid down the wall pulling off the solid rubber gloves and tossing them in a near by bin. " He's alive."
“Myc…”
"It's my job"
When he got Sherlock back, John wasn’t going to let him go. Not for anything. Even if he thought the world’s only consulting detective was an Alpha at the time. Even if they could never be anything more than friends could, it would be enough.
How long had he been here? Mycroft knew he was alive they would check in every few months perhaps if the date passed the British government might take notice.
She took it with out question, "On three?"
That was enough to do it; his older brother flushed and got up headed for the door. “Perhaps once you stop this childish nonsense I will be back with your beloved suppressants. Until then I would suggest you stay indoors brother mine. Wouldn’t want you to be caught in an undesirable situation now would we?”  Mycroft cast one last glance over his shoulder. A clear challenge that he knew he had Sherlock under thumb for now.
Taking the elevator of the government facility down to the basement floor everyone working on the lower levels seemed to freeze at the tell-tail sound of footsteps and accompanied tap of an umbrella tip. The Iceman, most dangerous man most would ever meet, and he did not looked pleased.
Sherlock smirked curling his legs up in the chair, “Oh you know, Gavin Lestrade…he’s an Alpha and good at it.”
Especially when it came to telling off Donavan and Anderson.  Maybe the self-proclaimed sociopath was not as devoid of sentiment as he would like everyone to think.
I hate that I love him.
“John... Now just... It’s the hormones I think that perhaps you should go before you do something you will regret.
OK so this will be a collection of one shots based on music, you guys know me for that lol. What can you expect? well I ship a lot of pairings in this series though there will be a large portion of Johnlock. You can also expect both cannon and Au, or alternate views on post fall / return. Also don't be afraid to request a song or pairing I'm open tho anything creatively even if its not my otp I will give it my best shot.
"He's right brother mine, you need to get out." Sherlock looked up to see his brother Mycroft standing there amidst the flames , suit perfect as always as if even the heat was to afraid to touch the iceman.
"Oh Sherly, I told you didn't I? I told you I'd burn the heart out of you." Moriarty.... No he was ..he was dead .
John signed and chuckled to himself. “I'm not getting you Valium. You'll be fine, I will put the kettle on. Ya know...I didn't Mycroft would be that flexible.”
John came into Sherlock's bedroom, John had been sleeping on there on and off to keep an eye on his flatmate, he walked in to find Sherlock shirtless laying atop the duvet staring at the ceiling.
"NICKY MIKEYS HERE!" Greg's youngest shouted.
They knew what could happen if anyone found out, even John's military history and Sherlock's intelligence wouldn't save them from the hate of the outside world. Try as they might to hold back those traitorous feelings, they always ended up right back were they started.
He had studied probabilities, the divorce rates and the marriage rates along with birth rates and murder by spouse. If one factored in all the pros and cons of that annoying thing, called love the answer was clear.
He never meant to hurt John.
Dr. Watson crossed the room and with out delay, and gathered up the taller man against him. No matter how hard Sherlock tried to push him away he didn't let go. Finally the man gave up, long trampling fingers clutching onto Johns jumper for dear life.
It started out simply enough, the DI would be walking about a crime scene and his phone would chime. This in it self not terribly notable, but then the reaction to the messages.
They were sitting in the DI's office waiting for some files when a little chime went up from the discarded coat hanging on the back of Lestrade's desk chair.
dilated pupils
Despite her lies as well as nearly killing him, Sherlock wanted his blogger to be happy and he felt like his chance to do that had passed. He wasn't what John wanted or needed, he wasn't what anyone needed. It all came crashing down around him, caring was not an advantage.
Taking out a plum button down he pressed his nose into the collar taking in the warm scent that was complexly blended and yet perfectly suited to its owner. How pathetic this was seeking comfort in un-laundered garments, how shameful that only now John realized that he missed this smell. Only now when the tears came and his knees betrayed him crumpling his form and bowing to the remnants of a life to short. "Please... just one more miracle ..Sherlock ..just one just for me."
Then came the day that changed everything. The day he met Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only consulting detective, and his new Flat mate.
John's brow creased as things began to fall into place. "Sherlock?"
The anger shattered, like being hit with a wrecking ball. "what.." to find out Sherlock was alive but then... sure he wanted to hit him but he also wanted to kiss the breath out of that brilliant sociopath. It had taken losing Sherlock to realize that he loved him more than anyone or anything, it broke John to pieces.
Mycroft stepped to the door holding it open and waving his hand with a flourish, "Ladies first."
Because friends don't love friends... not In that way.
Sobbing.
The supplemental methadone did little to take the edge off and to a point Mycroft did not think it was going to work. This was just another step toward his brother inevitable fall.
That lunatic had crawled into Johns veins like the drugs that were killing him.
“Shhh, I’m here now, I’m here and I’m not going anywhere.”
When John opened his eyes everything felt blurry, what time was it? If the hazy cool blue light of the room was any indication it was dusk or perhaps dawn?Oh but he was in a room, a hospital then.
It was no surprise then upon the younger Holmes return he noticed his elder brothers newest obsession.
"John.."
John made it half way up when something warm and cloying teased his nostrils, it beckoned him in like a siren of the deep threatening to drown him. In an instant, the alpha fought away the instinct to hunt down the owner of that erotic aroma and griped the banister to ground him.
Then came another rather unsavory observation, his dear brother Mycroft.
Johnlock
Once the younger Holmes began his final year at Uni, he just withdrew from everyone. Alternatively, was it before that?
“He has to hit bottom” one of the doctors said.
The second hit is always more heavy handed but that has to be expected. The first was a warm up, to be acclimated to the waters as they say. This one will last longer and I can float farther out to sea.
He went home alone to Baker street and trudged up those stairs, just like a million times before. Taking off that horrid tux and atrocious yellow tie. Tossing aside like the fabric like it burned, he found himself sulking in his chair alone staring at the empty one across. Molly was right, he did look sad when john wasn't around.
Pairing: JohnLock
Silence, that was never good. He implored again. “Sherlock what’s the matter.”
Sherlock looked down if it was possible he was trying to make his frame smaller with little success, damning these hormones for making his tremble before John. Damn them for making his voice waver and his throat thick with emotions, horrible tedious emotions that made his eyes blur. “You … don’t hate me?”
The DI was drawn out of his morose thinking by the doorbell, he half hoped it was Carlines new beau having the idiocy to come back and ask for directions so he could sock the prat in the jaw. However when Greg opened the door he saw a familiar face in a three-piece suit.
And lets face it ladies...Moriarty is crazy cakes but adorable XD
John Watson had seen many things in his life- war and death had greeted him countless times. All he had seen and was able to keep functioning. Still, John wished he could forget some of the faces that would haunt him for the rest of his life.
This was not even about the high, how boring that is. There is no recreation or social acceptance to this pursuit that beckons with tendril fingers. It is medication that is suitable is not it. I do not need some half-witted mental health workers with their predictable and disingenuous commentary asking me how I ‘feel’. I do not feel.
"Such a greedy girl, On your knees  head to the floor, cross your arms at the writs above you." The order was smooth and swiftly obeyed.
"I love you too."
"Please please! Come back to me Sherlock, please I forgive you just open your eyes!" John pulled off his jacket wrapping it around Sherlocks broken and frame form. He could hardly recognize the man under all the filth and dried blood. Johns' only comfort found in the sluggish but still measurable pulse. " I just got you back and I will not lose you again you hear me Sherlock Holmes! I will not watch you die again."
Losing a friend is hard, losing someone you love... Is shattering.
"Sherlock you stay...you stay with me, I forgive you so you have to stay. Stay!"
That's why Sherlock didn't stop, he climbed those stairs and grabbed at the red hot doorknob that seared the flesh on his hands and brought tears to his eyes. "John.."
"What!?!"
"Always so bossy John."
Other times there was a lingering look. A text then, Lestrade would glance around and reread the missive sometimes swiftly replying or once again stowing the phone away and excusing himself.
You see Sherlock had a problem; the problem was John was dating and he was just a little jealous about that...just a little.
“You better live, you hear me? Because I’m going to throttle you when you wake up. Then I’m going to kiss you. So you stay with me Sherlock. You stay and I promise I will never leave you again. I will do whatever I can to make this right.”
This is what happens when you let sentiment get in the way.
His voice choked on the words, words that meant nothing in the silence of 221b, because the person who needed to hear them most was off enjoying his new life. A new life without Sherlock Holmes.
BAMF Anthea
It was a quarter after one and Mycroft Holmes lay alone on his big expensive bed in the master suite of is Camden home. It felt cold and lonely; he never thought he would be so affected by such things. When he started this relationship with the Detective inspector, he honestly believed that the inevitable end would come and he would graciously accept it. That it might be somewhat uncomfortable as the loss of anything that one had grown accustom to might be. However, this, he had not expected to feel completely paralyzed. The first day was numb and his day continued like it always had, the first night had been.
The detective dashed back from the window and curled up in his seat to pretend he had been innocently watching crap telly this whole time and not busy sabotaging yet another one of Watson's relationships.
Not every friend will die for you.
"Sherlock of all the things we have been through I think you should already know I won't leave." John smiled sitting down on the side of the bed, his eyes lingering perhaps longer than he would like to admit.
Further prompted by Sherlocks indignant little huff. "Show off..." the younger Homles muttered, glaring sideways as his big brother.
Molly smiled feeling complete for the first time.." Yes Mistress."
He felt a surge of relief, it was all right, and it was all going to be all right.  Greg pushed back grabbing Mycroft by his expensive tie and dragging the man up the stairs and into the master bedroom. He wanted to rewrite every memory in that bed, cover them in this impossibly brilliant man.
"why am I here Mycroft." John Watson said tersely sitting down across form the elder Holmes whom had of course abducted him from the Tesco.
Turning around the politician nearly dropped his drink. Standing there leaning in the door frame clad in one of his dress shirts, and a pair of  thigh high nylons holding a plate of chocolate cake stood the one woman that could render him speechless.
John ran through the compound finding a set of locked doors, he used the keys he'd lifted from one of the dead men. The sight that he was met with stole away whatever composure he had in him"
Sherlock drifted in and out they had strung him up against the wall a few days ago maybe more. He'd since been whipped an approximately 7 times. Each session lasting to his estimation 40 to 60 minutes, he could have been note accurate but blood loss dulled ones senses. He knew the man that carried out his torture was a smoker, with a speech slur from a insufficiently repaired cleft pallet and most likely impotent which is why he had likely never been married, because any woman who could get passed his disfigurement and slur would inevitably be disappointed in his lack of prowess in the bedroom. Said thug did not take kindly to these deductions.
The thing Sherlock had feared most, his eyes glistened feeling the cracks forming in his carefully constructed walls. He pulled his hand away and rolled onto this side away from John, expecting the man to leave the room immediately.  he murmured into the pillow "don't worry, you have made it perfectly clear you are in fact very heterosexual. I do not intend to impose anything on you, I simply thought you should know."
Johnlock
It was no small task insuring that the British government was prepared to start his day, and for Mycroft Holmes' PA Anthea, it was a job she did gladly.
John ran his fingers through the dark lush curls and down the back of his boyfriends neck. " I think I would like that. Now, go to sleep Sherlock."
Song- Cry - by James Blunt
John felt the pressure first and then the bright bloom of pain in his shoulder before he feel.
Sherlock ran through the flat but it wasn't quite right, things seemed off.
Her eyes went wide, she had forgotten then. Before she could speak the man in side the Audi, the one taking a mother from her children and a wife from her husband, rolled down the window and informed her they needed to get on the road. "Greg I..."
Step by step, it felt like his legs weighed ten tons. Still he had to, John forgave him. He wanted him. But could he have John they way he wanted? No.... Mary.
“My hello John dear have you come home to us then? I’m sure Sherlock will be please considering.” She winked and handed John a box of grocery. “Off you go dear, careful though the poor thing is a bit not good, you should have known better than to keep him waiting. You know I adore you both but I’m not your House keeper.”
Therefore, he might strangle Sherlock but not right now, the idea is still though an option. He is a doctor but apparently, this is a bad day.
"Any way, point is...your a disaster unto yourself but in the most beautiful sense of the world. You turned my world upside down and there was no walking away from the chaos whole, because I lost half of my heart that day out side Barts. I lost it ...because it belonged to you. "Johns hand gripped his and placed a light kiss over his knuckles.
It sounded feasible in the cab on the way over.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, " Yes John, have you figured it out now. I love you, I've loved you for such a long time. At first even I didn't realize how fully or how deeply and then ..all at once I came to the horrifying reality that you John Watson are my entire world. I even died for you."
He had been captured by some thugs some where in eastern Russia, he had been sloppy. The great Sherlock Holmes made a mistake that cost him dearly. Now he was chained up in this hell hole being tortured day after day. He would zone out during the beatings and cower in his mind palace cherished rooms that were all John. It would be worth it if he died here protecting John, Mrs. Hudson, Di Lestrade even that irksome Mycroft who was more than capable of taking care of himself. I would all be worth what Sherlock had learned his past year since his supposed death, he wasn't a sociopath after all. Because he loved them all, because he gave up everything for them.
"No."
Gregory, Sherlock… the DI is merely a means to an end of insuring you don’t make more of a mess than you usually do.”
Sherlock did his duty, stood there at the behest of his best friend with a smile plastered on his face. He gave a speech that brought tears to the eyes, wished nothing but the best for Mr. & Mrs. Watson, he did it all right. Watched the happy couple dance and chatted with guests... all wonderful played lies. Holding back the bitter taste that festered in his throat every time he glanced at the blushing bride.
"No, I'm very busy and your wasting my time. Now I have exactly 5 minutes and 45 seconds before my patience will indeed run out. You will not wish to be here for that I can assure you, so where are the bombs?"
warnings:Violence/torture
Then I looked at the flash drive, I said I wouldn’t but the damn thing was practically shouting at me that I had to know. I had to know whom she really was and if she ever really loved me or was I, just part of the plan that she had grown fond of over time.
That statement was very telling, and very frightening for John.
The soldier squared up his shoulders and fished that well-worn key from his jacket. He was going to climb those stairs just as he had done for years, only this time he was going to go in that flat and tell Sherlock the truth. Even if the detective couldn’t give him back the feelings, he was looking for it didn’t matter. That could be enough for John. Just being there, just staying by Sherlock’s side.
When John Watson came home from the war, he was not sure there was anything left for him. He was a broken down old solider with a limp living in a crummy little bed-sit all alone. His days were divided up between sing the shrink the army had suggested and eating takeaway out of the box.
"I...I don't know." Mycroft stood up and paced away. "I don't even know if he's still alive."
Song – One Sweet Day – Mariah Carey ft. Boys 2 Men
The life John deserved.
When John Watson was a little boy, he always knew that one day he would bond. He would find a kind, smart omega or maybe a beta and have a lovely little family. They would be happy, like his parents had been before his father died. He would be a good alpha and work hard for his mate and pups. Maybe have a house on a nice street in the city. It was a picture perfect dream just like every child dreams.
Things were decidedly better with it than with out.
Now however looking at the photos scattered on the floor of his flat, (the photo-album had fallen victim to an adult equivalent of a temper tantrum), and he could see he was wrong.
“I’m alive?”
“What?” The doctor questions and glanced over. “OH...wow huh...Is that your..”
Something told John he should pick up a roll of paper just in case.
These delays would cost him.
John scoots forward in his chair glaring harshly. "I'm serious Sherlock."
Still It didn't take much convincing before the good doctor had a consulting detective curled up on his hospital bed. All legs and and arms cling with a unexpected gentility.
Mycroft looked up from his desk as his Pa entered. For once not staring into her phone, she looked him in the eye with an almost apologetic quality in her dark eyes.
It was coming from the flat but…unless Sherlock had an omega in there. No, John truly doubted that. Still, people can change after two years. In addition, if that scent was any indication then the omega was in preheated already and John’s presence would not be welcomed at all.
The politicians face scrunched up. “No, I should thank you to drop this matter as I have no idea as to whom you are referring.”
Sure, they knew each other a long time and Greg knew the kind of man Mycroft was. That discovery had come after a few pints when the two of them ended up in a rather violent snog in the back of one of the politician's cars. Greg had felt guilty about that, being married and all, but he never regretted it, not really.
AN: I am a goofy loser.
Watson paused placing his hand over the cool larger one. "You heard me did you, alright...alright then I'll tell you." He leaned down letting his free hand caresses a sharp cheek. "I love you Sherlock."
Maybe that was always true, Sherlock had been his life for so long. Even after the fall, after the pain that came with it. After feeling betrayed by a lie... it was always Sherlock Holmes.
NonCannon
This is BAMF Mycroft Centric !
John used to get on to him, “one day you're going to find out something you don't want to know.”
Mercurial eyes snapped open hearing the echo of his former friends voice ringing through the empty night. But it wasn't real, it was just a memory stored in one of the many rooms in Sherlocks' mind. One that slowly broke him, he could still see that pained look on Johns' face.
Song: It Never would have worked out anyway - Brad Paisley
“Mycroft, what is it.” This time his voice was softer more serious, the irritation at being pulled away from his slides now forgotten.
The good doctor just nodded along taking his coat from the hook. "Well lets not have a repeat shall we?" Before Sherlock could disagree he was out the door.
Lestrade was divorced not actively seeing anyone at the Yard, no this was someone who had free time giving the times of the texts. Any and all hours. So- single, with a job that would afford them privacy or a homebody. More likely the first as Lestrade was a rather active man, it would stand to reason he would seek out someone else who led an active and independent life style. An office job, or private sector or perhaps government employee?
Just as the politician was about to as DI Lestrade to search his younger brother’s home for drugs or perhaps inform the good Doctor Watson so that perhaps the man could be on alert.
The guard paced back and forth in front of his cell, when suddenly the man stopped. The henchmen looked around listening to a distant sound somewhere in the warehouse.
“A man’s name yes, Problem?”
Stepping into a room at the end of the long corridor of interrogation rooms a young agent of MI6 chewed at his lip nervously. "Mr.Holmes Sir, very sorry to interrupt you but it would seem that we have made no progress as yet with the captive."
“Sherlock listen to me I know you’re not feeling like yourself but I need to know what you’ve, taken can you tell me that?” He said taking up the phone again and descending the stairs, he had no time to call for a driver he would take a personal car instead.
That was new, sherlock was sure he never heard that before. Suddenly he felt weightless the tension in his shoulders was gone and the cold was gone to.
the sight of his little brother laying a pool of his own sick twitching violently under a flickering security light was…Shattering.
The young Holmes had bucked at every effort at salvation. He could not fathom why the other was going to such lengths.
When he slipped in he saw the Politician seated by the window, he could tell by the slight muss of his dark ginger hair and the light red of his cheeks and nose he’d had a bit to drink. That was unusual for usually ultra-composed man.
The first hour was....well it wasn't that bad he mostly stared at the sleeping bundle and tried to convince Anthea that it was her job to help him. This was met with laughter and his assistant leaving him alone.  Well, at lest Sherlock left supplies.
This thing they had was quiet and steady, it happened all by accident and yet in those moments of sweet out of control emotion  Mycroft would later deny, had been the most thrilling of his life. To have the attentions of a beautiful creature such as she? Considering how difficult he could be?
There was the sound of feet padding down the hall and a grumble of "Don't be stupid Aubrey, Why would Mycroft be ...oh...hello" Greg's eldest Nicholas paused at the door blushing.
“I told you not to look.”
This time Mycroft did choke, sputtering the amber liquid in a rather undignified manner. “You what!”
That’s how John Watson found his Flat mate, best friend, and lover. The man who was the first one there when things went wrong and only one who never made him feel lonely. The only one that made him feel loved and alive.
"Sherlock, Alright?"
His nostrils are flaring and his lips are pressed in a firm line. So...angry, no scratch that - enraged would be a more appropriate term now.
Chaos had erupted around him and john was scrambling to tug the younger men out from under the over turned Humvee.
John knew with that first breath that he’d been lied to again.
Until the text came.
An answering coo and giggle was sufficient conversation for the British government. "Is that so? How thrilling."
So Sherlock did not shy away from his wondering what was going on with DI Lestrade. Maybe he should have … because some things, you can never delete.
Sherlock Holmes looked..almost as if he was praying but not quite. His eyes where closed and his head bowed. However instead of clasped hands he held one of Johns.  Whispering against the weather and war torn tan skin.
Mycroft paused, his brother’s sound of not just surprise but lingering disappointment in the question threw him off. “Yes you are, you came very close Sherlock. To close.”
In those first few moments of wakefulness Sherlock focused on John, his shaking hand reaching out to grip the older mans navy blue jumper. "John...tell me .."
The tone was God Save the Queen so he ignored it. Just Mycroft being… Mycroft, Sherlock was more than happy to let his brother leave the customary message of “ answer your mobile Sherlock I know your there” Of course the British government knew that he was home. Mycroft probably had cameras all over the flat, Sherlock snickered at that idea. He should take to walking around completely starkers. That would teach the fat git.
The more the thought about it however, the worse it got. He did care a great deal about the detective, more than he had any other friend he ever had. Not just that; Sherlock was beautiful.
John crossed the room quickly grinning like the Cheshire cat, placing his hands on the table and leaned closer to Sherlock. The action effectively cutting off the man’s nervously worded sentence.  “About not being gay? Yes I have however; I never said I wasn’t bisexual now did I?”
Greg wasn't surprised it was coming to this; he had been watching his marriage fall about for years now. Honestly he was beyond caring, he hadn't really loved Caroline since there last child was born. He had tried to tell himself the sweet little baby girl would solve the wedge between them but it didn't. Now four years later he could see that things were not worth salvaging with his soon to be ex-wife
"Ooooo I can hear the wheels turning from here honey, no need to get antsy now. I didn't ask you here to mess with Sherly." the souls of his loafers taped slowly as he  walked toward her. Each step matching the pulse in her neck just visible about the collar of her shirt. " I wanted to see you Molly, you...interest me, before you ask... Dear Sherlock was only half right about me."
John, his wonderful little Doctor he always got so flustered.
"You need to get out."
There was only one-way to be sure, it was underhanded yes. However, this was an experiment and Sherlock would have commended his cleverness once John told the man everything was fine.
Mycroft could read the signs, the shift in the air. An east wind was coming; Sherlock was becoming more agitated with Moriarty on the lamb. Something had to give somewhere and looked as if the comfort of old habits might rear their ugly head.
"Sherlock did you even ask him first." John looks a bit skeptical as Sherlock takes little Rosie out of the back seat in her carrier.
Song – “I need you now” – lady Antebellum
Caroline dropped her gaze seeming to lose her indignation. "Greg, look we just. Don't work, we haven't for..."
a wife, the elder Holmes found himself analyzing the DI, deducing everything about him to try and figure him out down to cellular level if possible? It became a hobby of sorts during the time Sherlock was away.
"Nope! Lets see how long the fat git lasts.
John looked up to see Sherlock in nothing but his bathrobe his hair wet and curled at the ends, drops of water turning the powder blue dressing gown dark at his shoulders where the water dappled the fabric.
John looked up from his folded hands, it had been two weeks since Mary shot his best friend, two weeks Sherlock had been in a coma after dying for three minuets on the table.
“Yes?” He answered; the last half hour had been a blur.
Molly/Moriarty
Watching the Di carrying around the little one speaking softly to her, something occurred to Holmes. He could see why Sherlock had been so enthralled by his simple little doctor after all....something about a good looking man with a baby.
I'll keep the kids - Montgomery Gentry
"Mr. Abrin, you where arrested and taken into custody under a mater of national security. The construction of dirty bombs as it were. There is reason to believe that several of these explosives have already been placed and British intelligence would like to know where. So, let us make this simple for everyone and you tell me where they are."
_______________________________________
Sherlock was right, as much as his big brother loathed to admit it. There was something between the two older men, something DI Lestrade would not be opposed to exploring.
The Footsteps entered with a click of the doors locking mechanism that followed.
John wasn't leaving. He couldn't not now not ever.
“Its…you  ...You’re…” The doctor stuttered the box dropping out of his grasp.
Pairing: Mystrade with johnlock mentions
John being a BAMF
Broken Inside -by- Broken Iris
"Myc..." His voice stuttered a bit. There it was, he couldn't hold it not in front of Mycroft Holmes.
"Mighty big of you Greg, ya know that's the first useful thing you've done in the last 10 years." her tone dripped with sarcasm.
The man was difficult, stubborn, confusing, yet… he was also brilliant and kind in his own way. As much as the proclaimed A-social detective liked to pretend that he did not have feelings, he did. John had seen them; he had watched that beautiful maniac break to pieces inside all while holding his head high. John could see it in Sherlock’s eyes, eyes that could reflect the sunshine and drink in the darkness. Eyes that could look right through you and pierce your heart with the coldest of glares. Eyes that could also beg you not to leave, they reminded him of the Tenerife Sea.
“Sherlock”…nothing
Moriarty lifted her chin with a cold gentle touch, "Tell me something, when your elbow deep in corpses..do you ever think of me? "
"Perhaps, honesty John if she was that slow then I was doing you a favor, you shouldn't lower your self to someone who has a far below average IQ. If that's what you're after I'm sure you could call after Anderson and inquire if he has a sister... that gene pool is shallow enough."
Therefore, Mycroft did what he did best, he watched and monitored and tried his damnedest to stay one-step ahead of his brothers free fall. He watched as a brilliant mind became broken and weary. He watched Sherlock skulk off into drug dens chasing what Mycroft did not know.
Mycroft wracked his brain to pinpoint the moment when the little boy who used to follow him around playing deductions and pirates turned into the brooding angry youth before him.  Mycroft had been working so hard to secure his ‘minor position in the British government’ too busy to see the signs until he was receiving a call that his little brother had been found passed out in the dormitories.
“Your drunk Myc.” Greg pointed out the obvious not to be meant but more out of surprise.
Mycroft felt everything in him screech to a halt as his foot pressed firmer on the gas. “Sherlock…” nothing.
He honestly thought John would pull away, because friends did not imply to be in love with other friends. Especially when one friend is a proclaimed heterosexual.
Sherlock would watch the couples in the park, when he wasn't lying on a filthy mattress in a drug den or badgering the police, he could tell that for every 10 couples there would be one, one beautifully flawless pair that he could not pick apart. No lying, no cheating, just two people who thought the world of the other.
Sherlock sat up looking at the man who had been a bitter nightmare for two years. Still smiling in that damn Westwood suit, only know he wasn't alone. Moriarty sat on the windowsill twirling a piece of broken glass as he leaned back against a woman... a woman with blond hair and a gun in her hand. " Mary.."
Song: Not in that way – Sam Smith
“I love you John.”
John was completely destroyed.
Come morning nothing else would matter. Maybe it was wrong, but it was love.
This would take hours to delete... and lots of take away to comfort the mental scars he now had. Because there was Mycroft Holmes with pants down around his knees and his Assistant with her skirt bunched around her ribs sprawled across his desk.
"Sher..Sherlock..?"
His phone buzzed on the table top.
“I won’t, would you?” John cut him off. The question swimming the that brilliant manic mind
Pairing: JohnLock
She flitted her eyes to the clock on the wall, it was time. On que the tap of high heels approached down the corridor outside. Closer and closer increasing her breath with anticipation.
An: written in Sherlock's pov
Fall/return
Unlocking the cell door she smiled, such a welcome sight that mischievous little grin. "Hello Sir, Miss me?"
Coming down from the second takes longer, its evening now. On the other hand, is it morning? The lights hazy and grey it could be either. My phone is ringing, not that I care. It is likely one of those idiots at the yard, Geoffrey or...Gabe, something. Whom ever he is, he is shagging my brother I know that.
"Oh dear God...Oh Sherlock" Mycroft Holmes had no idea what to say when the black helicopter touched down out side the private house he had dispatched the medical team pre Dr. Watsons instructions.  In his mind he had deduced the likely hood of his brothers condition being grave indeed but actually seeing it. Watching John Watson and a crew of hand selected specialist transport the unconscious body of the boy he sill saw as a child so often, it broke his heart.
