“I'll call you a cab,” John repeats firmly. “And you'll leave me your phone number, and tomorrow I'll ring you, and we can have a proper conversation, yeah?”
John smiles fondly as he listens to him go on and on.  There is a haggard and threadbare armchair, upholstered in a rusty red paisley, sitting beside the fireplace.  He is just contemplating sitting down in it when Sherlock bursts back into the room bearing a tea tray.
London
A change of topic seems in order, so John scans the few occupied tables around them before settling on a woman in a rather gaudy blue dress with far too much black lace trim.  “OK,” he says to Sherlock.  “Tell me about her, go on.” He nods discretely towards her table.
He stomps up Baker Street, down Marylebone Road, back again.  He doesn’t let himself think about anything.
Sherlock puts the tray on an end table, fusses over it a moment, and picks up a steaming mug of tea.  He goes to hand it off to John but pauses.  “Your jacket is still on.  Take your jacket off.”
Troublemaker.  He’ll stir up all the fish.  Sherlock races down the beach to him, stopping a few feet away and frowning at John’s back, slight under a damp striped t-shirt.
John lets out a shaky breath, tips his chin up, smiles his least-friendly smile.  “You’re trying to buy me over, yeah? Butter me up a bit?” In his mind he is daring the man to say something.  Go on, he thinks.  He wants a reason to let his anger loose.
“Sherlock!” someone calls in a gruff voice.
Sherlock bolts from the table.
“Right,” he says, gesturing with the wallet before tucking it away in the back pocket of his trousers. “Thanks for this back, anyway.  Lovely playing today, as usual, but I, uh, should probably be on my way.”
His face glows.  He radiates imperceptibly, the way radios and television sets do, the way Sherlock can see and feel and hear that nobody else does.  A faint humming under the skin.  A shiver where his neck becomes his spine.
.  Just beneath, John's shirt collar (new shirt, interesting) is turned in, and the urge to reach out and fix it, smooth his hand over the warm skin and stubble just above it, is stronger than he can control.
Sherlock talks at him from the kitchen.  “I’m very glad you’re here, John.  I’ve been wanting to show you Symphony Number Nine, Opus Ninety-Five from Dvořák because I’m certain you’ll love it, but it’s not at all for solo violin and so I couldn’t very well play it for you in the morning.  It’s fantastic, John.  The
“We’re going.  You’re half-drowned.  Mummy’s going to be very cross, and you’ll have gotten me into trouble as well, I expect.  I’m sure we’ve an abundance of ugly old dresses you can fixate on at home.”
There’s blood, and it’s freezing cold, and it’s the sort of situation where he can really only think about those two things because there is so much blood and it is so goddamned cold.  His right hand is stiff and windburned where it clutches his cane.  His left presses a crumpled, dripping tissue to his nose, trying futilely to stem the bleeding from it.  The front of his jacket is completely soaked, probably ruined.  The wind is getting in at his leg through the gaping tear in his trousers.
John stoops awkwardly, leaning on his cane, to pick up his bag. He slings it over his good shoulder, and with a final look up at the other man and a forced half-smile, starts limping away towards the staircases.
He takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly, and forces himself to speak.
He sleeps through until morning.
Sherlock squints at him. His forehead crinkles up with the expression. It might have been cute if John were less concerned about him falling down and splitting his skull on the pavement.
“Cold ham, cold chicken… oh, ginger beer!”
Sherlock tips his head back to examine the sky and the world pitches forward, the clouds dematerialize, velvety darkness falls over everything like tired eyelids slipping closed.
The bread gets an even coat of expensive, Irish-made butter on each side, and John tucks a sprinkling of shredded Gruyère and thin slices of farmhouse cheddar in between. He sets the whole thing over the low heat on the griddle with a faint sizzle and lets it brown gently.
"Just," he starts finally, still staring at his plate.  "I think I've changed quite a lot, actually."
Sherlock moves away from the counter and out of sight, and John stretches his head further out of the service window to see where he has gone. He feels his face drain of color as he sees Sherlock jiggling the door handle to the back of the truck. “Sherlock!”
She shoves his hip playfully, and he turns his head with a grin, delighted by the sight of her flopped gracelessly on top of the sheets, breasts askew, left hand down somewhere below, grooming and putting things to rights.
“I've already cleared up for the night.”
John is taken aback by the sudden flurry of movement and words.
The door closes again.
The step is easy to take, he finds. He turns back to the corner with the sandwich in hand, and walks towards Sherlock. He takes care to be gentle in his movements, as though it were a flighty horse he were approaching, not a tipsy and confused man. He offers up the sandwich.
He can feel the eyes on the back of his neck, but when they reach the exit, all he hears is a cheery "Night, gents," from the young man behind the counter.
“John.”
“But they don’t bully you.”
“Have lunch with me this afternoon.”
07700 900484
His hands shake the entire walk home.
He says it was good to see her and sounds like he actually means it.
“Sorry?” The boy’s head remains bowed.  Sherlock tracks his gaze down to the rocks and finds he’s watching a green shore crab scuttle by near their feet.
He hears John’s trainers crunch over the pebbles behind him.  “What are you looking for?”
The piece is over in what seems both like an eon and like only a few minutes. There is a scattered applause in the station; only a few people seem to have found the time to stop and listen. John claps too, and keeps on for a moment after the rest stop. The violinist's eyes fall on him, blue-green-grey like clear water.  John holds his gaze but finds he is not able to smile; he wonders if he has forgotten how.
Sherlock’s eyes widened to the maximum possible. Was he seeing this right or was this all a dream, an illusion? John wanted to be taken???!!!
“This man has ruined my life. I need to know where he is. Yes, those were the words he used.”
I called Sebastian Moran to complain about a breakfast casserole recipe he had shared with me. It turned out really bad and I suspected a conspiracy. He was trying to break up my marriage with John.
“Problem?” Sherlock asked.
“Yeah, now that you mention it, it seems so……”
Phillip was not just annoyed but also insulted. “D-Don’t listen to him Mr. Holmes,” he turned towards Mycroft, “He’s the one who gets paid to help people manipulate and con other people, especially innocents like Sherlock. The man who took Sherlock inside wants nothing but sex from him, he has probably drugged him and had his way already or maybe Sherlock has already stormed away from here, in complete shock and grief. Such people deserve to be jailed. They make a living out of other people’s misery and weaknesses, they are….. why are you smiling?”
“What are you wearing?” John asked with a chuckle, though the sight of a visibly naked Sherlock underneath the green silken kimono was quite the sight for sore eyes. He was beginning to get hard.
When Sherlock didn’t respond Greg added, “Even Gretel said a few things. She added some details basis her firsthand experience and they are startling facts. Since then Mary and I have been trying tooth and nail to contact you, only to be thwarted each time by your brother and father. You have changed your number, you live with your parents and brother now, so the only way was to meet you here or somewhere outside. We tried but we couldn’t find a way past your family members.”
“You bought me this,” Sherlock said, “Amongst other things.”
“Nope. Seen everything. But today you’re displaying them for a reason, right?”
“Yeah, um, go on ahead….I will just, uh, order the room service then.”
Sherlock nodded and tried to kiss John but the man pulled back abruptly, gently putting his hands on Sherlock’s chest to keep him at an arm’s length. When Sherlock gave him a startled look he whispered, “Don’t get me wrong baby. I really want to kiss you but I don’t feel very good doing that when…. When I am like this, a drifter, dirty and smelly and haggard.” He saw how Sherlock began to protest that and stopped him with a finger on those bow shape lips, “Nah, don’t even try to lie to me. I can see myself in the mirror over there. I look horrible, I could be a stand-in for Jack the Ripper in some film, Mr. Hyde in that novel or some monster in a cartoon series.”
“Believe me, I was hoping you’d cheer me up because it does hurt like a bitch.”
In the distance Mary smiled at them, mixing the drinks at Mrs. Hudson’s small but well-stocked bar, serving the guests. “Please,” John muttered under his breath, “I don’t need you to tell me things about her. I know her. No woman in her early thirties is a virgin Sherlock, that’s a fact.”
can be an emotional wreck. It just depends on which day gets
Culverton Smith was shocked.
Sherlock swallowed, “How long have you been watching me?”
“Yes, of course.”
Pierre just nodded and saw him off till the door. As John bounded down the staircase, he whispered, ‘What indeed’ and whipped out his cell phone. When the call connected he snickered and said, “Mission accomplished. It was a piece of cake. He is going to call him there tonight. You can transfer the money right away. I need to get out of here before boss returns.”
To John’s near shock, he was dressed in jeans and a thick cream shirt, a sleeveless pullover on it, and a leather jacket on top of that. He also wore matching belts and boots in the same color as his jacket. He looked relaxed, casual, clearly the relationship had worked well for him.
Sebastian was looking at him with lifted brows, half-laughing and shaking his head. John shut his mouth, there was nothing he could say to make his foolishness sound any better or worse. He had just blabbered out the truth and the truth sounded just as ugly as it did in his thoughts. “Captain John Watson,” Sebastian snort giggled, “I have to tell you a story. You remember back in the army days, during our brief posting at Iraq, we had this guy in our unit who worked in the communications department? He was a junior officer and his name was Andrew Kirk Cherrington. Yes, that fellow! Ruddy skinned redhead with bright green eyes, medium height, rather bright and quick on the job?”
“No worries. So yeah, he is a very wealthy man. What’s best is that his wealth is secure, stable and growing.”
“Spoilt brat.”
“Nah, no time for that. You can do that while we start the process. One week’s training and he comes over here to stay with us. No questions to be asked, none to be answered except for whatever we have discussed already. And make that non-declaration agreement iron-clad, so he doesn’t even talk about it.”
“I dunno if I am allowed to do anything here,” Sherlock cribbed, “I wanted to cook but the chef asked me to name the delicacy and she will prepare it… then literally shooed me out of the kitchen. I wanted to do some gardening but the groundskeeper was hovering over me like a stench and I had to leave. I wanted to climb the ladder and get to the tree house but Gretel stopped me, saying I might break my neck. I wanted to try some speedboating but that’s apparently too dangerous, according to your butler.”
“Him is who?” John asked curiously.
“I’ll be home as soon as I can.”
“Fantastic. Then we are all set….no, wait, there is something else I can do. For a year or two, I can keep your name on a special list. It’s called ‘Special Compensation Unit’ but the description reads as ‘Officers who have been disabled in action, whilst showing valor of the most extraordinary kind’. Usually it only goes to people who have lost a limb or a bodily function and that too those assigned to field service. But what you did was no less than such an officer and you suffered a near-debilitating leg injury.”
A love he could have shared with Sherlock and missed his boat. He blew it. Fuck, he felt so stupid, useless and like a total loser.
for you at all times. I had my own reasons to oppose but I guess I might have miscalculated at that point. The long and short of it is this - You have my support John. Please forget the past and let’s move on towards a brighter and better future.”
“Hello Dr. Stamford,” Sherlock entered the private hospital where he and his family had often sought treatment and advice from medical experts. Mike Stamford was a family doctor to them and they had been consulting him for almost fifteen years. Even in perfect health Sherlock sometimes met Mike and his wife, for a meal or tea. They, along with another professor named Molly Hooper, were his only close friends in that town.
, and that honor goes to me,
“Jealous?”
“Yes, I did promise you, but……” John paused and
“No, not that,” she gently pushed him off and this time he took notice. “What’s the matter with you?” He asked crossly, “Is it something only you and hear and I can’t……” He stopped, eyes widening when even he heard that sound. For a city person like him it was hard to make out what it was. It sounded like footsteps but not that of a human. “What-What is it?” Julia asked, fearfully looked around.
In less than ten minutes he was done with his morning routine and dressed in a pair of jeans and T shirt, shoes and socks on, ready to face the day. His plan was to call John on his way towards Rosalie’s quarters and tell him to take it easy, to travel safe and come back quickly, but just as he was about to exit the bedroom suite he saw Eckhart standing there. He looked tense, he looked very wound up. Sherlock said softly, “Eckhart, I heard about…..”
John cleared his throat, ignored her and pressed the answer button. Almost immediately he heard a
“Ohhhhh,” Sherlock threw his head back and stilled, “Jawwnnnnn!” He shot all his load over his lover, soiling him from the neck to abs and even getting a shot on his shoulder and one of the upper arms. John was still cumming inside him and grabbed his narrow hips, slamming inside. Finally, as they came down from the high, Sherlock giggled happily and asked, “What brought that on?” He didn’t expect an answer, nor did he want one. He just knew he was
, he thought,
“Animals have fewer reasons to kill than humans and the human mind is far more complex and cruel than the animal’s,” Donovan said, “This is the handiwork of a man. I smell a human brain and atrocity behind this heinous act.”
The other man was six feet tall to John’s five feet seven but John didn’t mind that. He had always liked taller people and somehow this young man’s lean, willowy build was very sexy and attractive. He had blue green eyes that shone with intelligence and a face that was unconventional yet gorgeous. Aquiline features, bow shaped lips, perfectly sculpted cheekbones and that sharp jawline, in John’s eyes this was exactly how Adonis must have looked when he stared at his own reflection in water.
“We?”
She had this ‘I get it now’ kinda look on her face. “Janet, you have to be a lot clearer if you want me to be on the same page.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She smiled again, her grey-blue eyes sparkling, “So we will move in at some point?”
John was startled on three grounds. The way he had reacted to the sight of a naked Sherlock. How right it felt to start doting on him, rimming him, kissing him. Finally, the most shocking revelation! He had not expected Sherlock to be a virgin. From the way he had come across in the initial two or three days, it was easy for him to assume Sherlock was like any other young, sexually liberated man of the new millennium; happy to take risks and eager to explore. But the gorgeous creature turned out to be a virgin, a precious, untouched virgin who had trusted him to be his ‘first’. While not a prudish bastard, John couldn’t deny the power trip he got on it and how it endeared Sherlock even more to him. The first few knocks on the door of his heart had been subtle, with those nocturnal cuddles and stolen glances, then that kiss! But now Sherlock was pounding on the same door, demanding entry, and John found himself growing more and more helpless by the moment.
When Sherlock got into bed, he realized he didn’t have much to worry. The bed was huge, at least four people could sleep on it without knees and elbows knocking. When John came to bed too, there was at least six feet distance between them even if they didn’t lie on the absolute edge of the bed.
Sherlock shrieked.
“In the mansion. We are done here, right?”
“Tomorrow afternoon. They were both out of country. Otherwise they’d be here a lot sooner.”
“Carol,” John shook his head, “This isn’t helping.”
“Oh yes that sounds great. Would love to do that someday. Don’t worry John, I am sure I will be back soon.”
or to find an easy scapegoat for these incidents.”
The moment they were done, Jim went straight off to sleep.
“Well,” Jim sipped his coffee with relish, “He is.”
“You hardly produced much semen. When you don’t eat, that’s what happens.”
Sherlock immediately said, “Oh don’t worry. We’re sorry you’ve been facing such problems.”
Too tired and at the end of his tether to think of anything else but sleep, John dropped Sherlock on the bed, took off his shoes and socks and belt, then gave up on the rest of his clothes and let him curl up. He dropped his own clothes quickly, leaving his undershorts and undershirt on, and got in on the other side of the bed. He pulled the covers over both of them but Sherlock soon hogged them all, almost mummifying himself on the blanket and snored louder than before. John stared at him in dismay and shook his head, before he dropped on the bed out of sheer exhaustion. He was asleep as soon as his head had hit the pillow.
That simple sentence conveyed so much that he actually had to take a step backwards to absorb it, mentally, physically and psychologically. In just a few words Sherlock had conveyed a lot, from his trust and fondness towards John to making him literally a part of the family. A little more digging into his soul and John realized why he was the only non-family member invited to the Holmes household the next day, for Christmas lunch.
because he had at least eight hours of work every day at the hospital, six of which were often spent on surgeries. Clauses on his contract said that a couple of days he could work six, which he often managed to do, and on other days he put on ten hours so he could drop to two hours on other days or just take a day off without affecting the overall hours he needed to clock.
“I intend to, very soon!!”
“Alright Greg.”
Mary added, “Two thieves were released the same day and one of them died too. It might have been them who attacked John.”
“Gretel told us who did it and that man had been fired and given a warning.”
“Can’t find it.”
John won't be comfy with his new 'woke' status. It will take him a while and some serious ass whupping to see the truth the way it really is.
“Hmmm,” Victor looked at the photo.
“Of course it is. But I am, what they call….a progressive priest for the millennials. You can call me by my name when we’re alone….and use that ‘Father’ when you’re with other parishioners. Oh by the way, will you be attending the Sunday service? It’s Thursday today so it’s only three days away. You
The chest creaked and moved due to their movements but neither of them even bothered to give that a second thought. They had everything they wanted right there, in each other’s arms, the refuge neither man had sought but which they were reluctant to give up right now.
Sherlock drove back home in a hurry.
“Now,” he said after another week had passed, “I will help you understand your date. What should you look for when you’re with your beloved and want to gauge their mood, intentions and desires? It’s always preferred to be on the same page instead of making wild guesses.”
“Shall we go to those parts now, that plateau,” Sebastian saw Jim’s face fall and decided to leave that place, “Looks like more clicking opportunities for my camera. By the way, you haven’t told me what you do for a living. You said you are a mathematician and astronomer, right?”
“Don’t say me. It would break my heart.”
“Maybe by talking to the boys and helping them accept and recognize something is wrong with them. Then we will get cooperation from them to deal with this, don’t you think?”
“No,” John was beckoning out to the other beast with his outstretched arm, his curled fingers gently moving back and forth and summoning the fierce predator closer. “Do not harm them Sherlock, they were here to kill a menace to humanity and I am sure you’re not one. You never will be. You are a scientist who creates and invents for the benefit of mankind, you’re not a cruel monster. Come here baby.”
“What is this first and never-tried option?” Mycroft asked curiously.
John sounded a bit impatient this time. “Are you not well or something? If that’s the case then I shall have to cancel this. See, even if it’s something mild or moderate, like a flu or something, I am here to look after you. Trust me, you will enjoy this evening, more than you anticipate.”
His private chef blushed, “Part of the credit goes to Mr. Bouffler.”
“Then can we go to bed now, together, I mean?” Sherlock asked, a pout forming on his lips and his voice scratchy and shaky, “The room is so big and empty and this place is so silent…. I feel something is under the bed or about to pop out of the closet or someone will get in through the window and grab me…..” He paused, “I am not a wuss, I am just not used to this kind of setup, something so huge and….” His voice dropped several notches as he slumped in his chair, cradling the half-finished cup of cocoa with both his hands, “I also miss you. I was worried you might not want to share a room with me after all. I know this sounds weird but that’s the way it is. That’s exactly the way it is.”
“You’ve been good for him,” Mycroft whispered as they finally left at 3-30 am, Jim half asleep and trotting alongside as Mycroft kept holding his hand firmly, “All I can say is….thank you!”
Sebastian stared at Jim’s lips, juice ripe berries which drew him closer and closer, like forbidden fruit, just as nectar would attract a bee, just waiting to be devoured, sucked, ravished. Jim blinked once as he saw Sebastian’s large hands clasp his face. A moment’s hesitation flickered on his slightly flushed face before his eyes drifted shut slowly and he melted into the kiss. As he gave in, Sebastian took more and more, kissing him with a passion he couldn’t remember ever unleashing before. At that moment he could neither think nor feel anything but Jim and that incredible kiss. Everything else had simply melted into nothing and his senses focused only on the man who had stolen his heart irrevocably. He would never be the same person again, not without Jim.
Sally was roused from her distracted state as her sister elbowed her gently. “Here,” she extended the books she was holding, “In the car boot there’s some equipment and packets, instruction manuals etc. If someone can help get them inside or wherever you wish to store it, maybe the garden shed or something.”
“Done, perfect. No more girlfriends, just us, the two of us! I….I love you Sherlock!”
Mycroft nodded, “The food is there. Scrambled eggs on toast, sausages and fruits. It’s up to you to eat or not. But do tell me everything. Perhaps we can figure out together what needs to be done. I don’t want them to take any legal action or for you to get into any further trouble with Jim. To be able to help you I need to know the details.”
Everyone became a bit tense at that point, wondering if they had raked up a painful past of the old man and if he would be interested in talking at depth on this. But Marvin seemed to be a man made of steel and didn’t show any signs of distress. There was sadness in his eyes though as he spoke about his younger brother, a fine young lad with blond hair, blue eyes and a strapping build pretty much like Sebastian. “We lost him way too early, at the age of twenty five. But he had become a menace to society and when people are overwhelmed by evil, sooner or later they turn on their own families. He had become a threat to my wife and young child, our mother and our sister. Therefore we were left with only one choice at that point.”
Sherlock looks aghast at him. “Absurd, John. And grilled cheese is horrid. Greasy, indelicate...” He trails off. He lifts his face and meets John's eyes.
“A bit, yeah!” John says, but the fight has gone out of him at the sight of the other man’s obvious upset.  John lets his shoulders relax, takes deep breaths, tries to let go of the anger.  It’s clear there have been some wires crossed between them.  “Explain, then.  Go on.”
, and the wanting is somehow even better than having would be.  The wanting feels incredible.
“My point, Sherlock, is that you didn’t do it on purpose.  And I’m sorry I yelled.  That’s all.”
“Unfortunately, I was just reminded of a rather unavoidable prior engagement.”  When he straightens again, he catches John’s eyes with his own once more.  John thinks he has never seen someone with a more honest and open face than the violinist.  His expressions hold no secrets, tell no lies.
Breathes in the quiet sound of John’s voice.
“What can I do for you, Sherlock?”
To John’s credit, he doesn’t shout, nor does he whack his cane against the floor or kick the violin case or any of the other things he really does want to do.  Instead he looks the other man dead in the eyes and says, voice as steady as he can hold it, “Why did you try to give me money?”
“I’m bringing you with me, next time.”
He rubs the chunk of neodymium along the needle, one direction only, carefully counting out ten times, and pins it through small edge of the cork.  “Go fill one of the jar lids with seawater,” he murmurs as he works, not looking up.
Sherlock steps out of the way and holds the door for him as John hobbles up the few steps into the hallway.  “I’m up the stairs, I’m afraid,” he says.
“Oh, OK! Yeah.” John smacks the flat of his palm on the counter. Sherlock jumps at the noise. “Keep insulting the food. Great way to get someone to cook for you. I'm calling you a cab.”
“Neodymium, John.  60.  Pass me the cork.”
“It could be my thing.” That was insipid.  Why did he say that?
“Sherlock?”
“Tea!” Sherlock claps his hands together once and starts for the kitchen.  John can hear the sounds of a tap being switched on and a kettle being filled.  He wanders further into the sitting room, trying to take in the wonderful chaos of it all.
He pulls out his wallet again as he remembers the man’s quip about street musicians.  The cards are all still accounted for; he can’t help the smile that tugs at his lips when he sees his expired military ID.  He peeks inside the largest fold of the wallet on a whim and nearly chokes at the crisp and purple twenty pound note that has been tucked inside.  There is a manila-colored business card next to it.  John pulls it out and stares at the elegant typed lettering on the front.
John laughs again.
He breathes out, a soft huff that's nearly a laugh but not quite, and reaches his left hand up to rub at the back of his neck.
Sherlock's brow does the crinkly-thing again. John is willing to admit to himself this time that this is indeed adorable, insofar as grumpy, drunken men can be cute. This softer version of Sherlock has become fascinating to him. It is a departure from the usual Sherlock Holmes; an exercise in alternate dimensions, parallel realities, evil twins.
At some point, Angelo comes back and slides a lit candle between them, which John tries resolutely to ignore.  He does order the lasagna, on Sherlock’s recommendation, and it is excellent.  Sherlock has pasta puttanesca and pokes it around with his fork a bit and barely eats.  They share a bottle of cabernet.  John spends the whole meal giggling like a kid at Sherlock’s deductions about the other patrons.  He suspects possibly the other man is making some of it up to amuse him, and the thought of that just makes him smile more.  He feels happy and it is remarkable.
“Absurd,” John echoes, softly. “Yeah.” He pulls out his phone to order the cab.
“Were you straining tea over the Bunsen burner?”
.  Most common algae in the Isles.  First known source of iodine.  I.  53.  Necessary for synthesizing thyroid hormones in
“I don’t want to go to Newcastle, John,  I hate Newcastle.”
A bark of laughter.  John drops the rock he has just picked up and straightens, squinting one eye at Sherlock, really smiling now.  “You sound like on the BBC.  The marine life live in waves, anyhow.  Aren’t they used to being tossed about?”
She's alternative, anyway, he thinks.  She's a modern woman, training to be a doctor just as he is.  It's London.  It's fine.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at him.  “You’re not common though.”
He wants to reply.  He wants to ask how the man can possibly know any of that.  He wants to tell him to piss off.  He wants to tell him that he is
Sherlock worries at his lip a moment, looking as though he is turning something over in his head.  “John,” he says finally, carefully.  “If you ever need anything.  Anything at all.  The address on my card, just…  If you need anything.”
,” he reads.  He pronounces it “Marth-er,” and Sherlock wonders idly why it is that the whole of England is allowed to talk as though they have rocks in their mouths, while he has to suffer through lessons with a special tutor because he speaks with a vague lisp.  He reaches for the jar of jam and twists at the lid, finds he isn’t quite strong enough to work it open, holds it out to John with a scowl.
“Who’s Mrs. Hudson?”
The door is flung open barely a moment after John knocks.  Sherlock’s lanky frame takes up the whole entranceway and he towers over John, who is standing one concrete stair down from the door.
“Afghanistan. But how--”
There had been no options to consider.  There is only this, the quiet drip of blood on the pavement as he stands in front of Sherlock Holmes’ door in the dark.
John meets his gaze. It is incidental, merely a glance upward, but in these close quarters the blue of the man's eyes is startling. It is a familiar blue. He suddenly feels as though someone has wrapped their fist around his heart and squeezed.
The second day goes very much like the first.  He runs out of biscuits and eats nothing instead.  His stomach protests.  He ignores it.  He stays up all night.
The next week feels like limbo.  He texts John and John texts him back.  Mrs. Hudson brings him food and dotes on him far more than is usual.  He stops screeching his violin and he runs out of thumbs.  He takes to staring out the front window.  It is patently ridiculous, but he is watching for John.  Just in case.
"Sorry?"
“I didn’t try.  I gave you money.  And you spent it like I asked; you’ve got some color back in your face today.”  He looks so pleased, cat-that-got-the-canary all over again, and John’s left hand shakes.  He wants to hit him.
On the first day, he goes to bed at dawn and sleeps until the afternoon.  He glides around the flat in his pyjama bottoms and dressing gown.  He plays the violin as loudly as he pleases.  He eschews real food and has several pots of tea and an entire box of Hob Nobs instead.  He dissects a thumb from the refrigerator.  He stays up all night again.  It is lovely.
“I didn’t know.  I observed,” the man says.  There is a beat of silence and John is sure he is about to be audience to another rapid series of deductions picking apart his clothing and haircut and shoe size and who knows what else.
The ocean sound cracks and splinters.
“Sherlo-- Is that your bedsheet? Have you completely lost your mind?”
“And I bloody well missed you, you crazy sod.”
“It is?” Sherlock has never been brilliant before.  Mycroft is brilliant.  Sherrinford is brilliant. Sherlock is strange.
“I probably ought to play the violin, now,” says Sherlock, not breaking eye contact.
“The cork from the ginger beer! Don’t be dense.”
“I want a sandwich, John. And you, you are not making me a sandwich. So I was fooding for cook. Cooking for food. Something. I don't know.” He sounds suddenly quite distressed. There is a quiet whine in his voice.
“Mycroft Holmes, you sit down this instant and you lower your voice.”
Sherlock is looking anywhere but at John and has his hands tucked in his trouser pockets, his left fidgeting with what sounds like coins.  “It wasn’t my money.  Some careless woman left it in my violin case.  I was just passing it along.”
Sherlock looks momentarily surprised, but then glances over at the woman in question.  “Well.” He clears his throat.  “Since you ask…”
“Sorry?” he manages, poking at his eyes with his fingers.
“John!” he says, sounding out of breath.  “Come in, come right in.”  He is draped in an expensive-looking blue dressing gown over a neatly-pressed shirt and pair of trousers.  John notices with some amusement that his feet are bare.
He wants to say: I trust you.  He wants to say: I trust you more than anyone I’ve ever known, and I don’t even know you.
“Angelo is rather a big fan of mine,” Sherlock says when they are alone again.
John lays his free hand on Sherlock’s shoulder pulls him back until his head is pillowed on John’s stomach.  “So your neck doesn’t hurt,”  he whispers back.  He lifts his arm and gestures at a point in the sky.
“Mikey! Lower your voice.”
“Sherlock,” he says.  He meets John in the middle, offers him exactly what he offered Sherlock, nothing more.  Equal footing.  His eye is blackened, after all.  They aren’t so different.  They shake hands, and Sherlock’s brain quiets at the firm, warm grip of John’s fingers against his palm.  “You’ve a common name.”
The violinist is a tall man; taller than John, anyway. He is intriguing to look at. John has become something of an accomplished people-watcher these days, and nobody has yet captured his interest like the busker, with his dark head of curls and skin that looks as though it has never seen so much as a drop of sunshine.
two weeks
Bladderwrack.
“Why?” John asks again.  He clenches his jaw, squares his shoulders, stands up as straight as he can.
Without waiting for a response he turns, long coat twirling about his knees, and steps into the bustle of the station.  John watches the back of his dark head of curls until he disappears from view.
The paint looks fractionally drier almost instantly.  He sits back on his knees and examines the effect of the new shade where it sits an inch away on either side from a scribble of cerulean blue crayon and a hardened lump of turquoise candle wax.  The cobalt sings to him, makes his spine buzz.
That night at the dinner table, Sherlock sits and ignores his roast chicken.  Dry, soggy skin, no salt or lemon to speak of.  Unbalanced.  Inedible.  He stares around the dining room, listening absently to the drone of his parents and Mycroft and Sherrinford discussing the current elections.
out of rehab
“What cork?”
John shrugs again and stuffs his hands in his pockets, smudging mud all over the denim.  “Football.”
, to call it 'hash.'” His voice cracks and his blue eyes have gone positively manic. “Hash! That is not a hash. I
Sherlock stares at him.
“Mum.”
Sherlock ducks his head and doesn’t know what to say.
“No.”  He drags out the ‘n’ and doesn’t look up at John.
John realizes his hands are shaking and he forces himself to draw in a few deep breaths.  He’s not sure what he’s feeling, but there is an unpleasant pull in his gut and a lump caught just below his Adam’s apple.  Air, he thinks.  He should get some air.
"Right, well.  Yeah.  I have sex with other men... fairly often.  Does that count for interesting?" He smiles through it, keeps his voice light, like it's not the heaviest thing in his life.
It’s a grey day, which is hardly surprising.  It’s always grey here.  That’s one of the most important rules.  The wind kicks up spray from the ocean, kicks up short strands of the strange boy’s hair.  Sherlock sees him scuff one of his trainers against the rocks and nudge at something on the ground near the pool with a ratty toe, knocking it into the water, and that is absolutely
When they stand up to leave, she brushes the toast crumbs off the front of the most flamboyant shirt she's ever seen him in, hugs him, presses a kiss into the top of his greying head.
John chuckles.  “They must know you.”
“'The Cheesy Chap' is mocking me.”
Sherlock lies numbly on the rug and wishes he could have his sheet back.
"We're very dangerous men, John," comes the rumble of Sherlock's voice.  It goes straight to his cock, straight to his core, and he closes his eyes for a moment, sucks in a deep breath.
Their conversation is sparse but comfortable on the way.  Sherlock monologues a bit about a performance he is rehearsing for, something about a composer named Paganini and his first violin concerto (“It requires the violin to be tuned a semitone higher, you see, John”), and John has honestly no clue what he’s on about but he is interested anyway.  It’s interesting.  Nothing in John’s life has been interesting in quite a long time.
The stars bob into sight in great shoals.
“Harry and I fought, as usual.”
He takes a bite.  The taste is familiar, the texture balanced and predictable.
On the third day, he is forced to call on Mrs. Hudson and ask (demand) that she feed him.  She gives him a pitying smile and tells him ‘Don’t you fret, dear, he’ll be home before you know it,’ and it rankles him so badly that he stalks out of her flat without his dinner.  It appears on his kitchen table some hours later while he is absorbed in another thumb.  He wants to sleep but he can’t.  He stays up all night.
He ducks out of the bed, stumbling to his feet, and he ought to be shouting back, but that last bit, that implication, stings.  His face burns as he stoops to gather his clothing up off the floor.
John closes his eyes, huffs out a breath.
The exasperation fades from John’s expression and is replaced by a smile that looks half-hearted.
“Which is the North Star?” Sherlock whispers.
“Sherlock.”
John watches him sweep into the station, long black coat fluttering behind him like a cape. He always puts John in mind of Batman, or Zorro, or some other outlandish fictional character. He seems larger-than-life. The man sets his violin case on the station floor, then pulls off his coat and folds it neatly. He then takes out the violin and begins plucking at the strings with long fingers, testing and tuning. The instrument looks comically small in the grasp of his broad hands.  The case is left open at his feet, inviting tips from the passerby.
Their childhood was shit, collectively, but once upon a time, she'd been an extremely protective older sister to a sensitive, messy, towheaded little boy who fell in love with everything and everyone he met.
He hears John exhale.
He regards the boy at a distance.  The stranger is bundled into a lumpy woolen jumper, his little fists jammed into the pockets of his denims.  Sherlock is immediately suspicious of the denims.  Mummy would never allow such things.  This boy is already breaking rules and he hasn’t yet said a single word.
“Italian’s fine,” he says over his shoulder.  “Anything’s fine.”
Sherlock doesn’t quite hear his question.  He scans over the rocks.  No, no… There.  A shining grey chunk of rock, with lines as though it’s been sliced by a kitchen knife.  He closes his fingers around it and springs to his feet.
“What….?” Sherlock asked in an incoherent manner, turning his head slightly to one side to check why John had stopped licking his hole.
“Captain John Watson sir, thank you for giving me some time.”
He stared helplessly at Greg. The inspector gave him a brief nod. “Mycroft has a point, we must look into this matter properly before jumping to conclusions. Thanks for sharing your view.”
“Touch me,” John guided his shaking hands down his body, to the thick long manhood that was pointing upwards and throbbing with heated need, “Want this inside you?”
Windfall indeed, it was all going to come out of John’s kitty and Sherlock was going to be branded as the robber. No fucking way, not in this life. Even if I lose some credibility with John I will still go ahead and tell him the truth about my relationship with Jim, Jim’s connect with Sebastian and also what he had been blackmailed into doing. He was quite sure John would forgive him because the latter was a man who always appreciated the truth and sincerity. But the correct moment to divulge the information hadn’t come yet. He wanted to speak to Jim first. Maybe, just maybe the man would understand and back off with the five hundred grand he had been given, plus the fifty grand earlier. That was big money too, especially since that sum was totally unearned.
“Just saying! The colonel is a nice man but had you been married to Sherlock, this fellow John would not have got a chance to get into that house.”
Sherlock woke up with a jump. He could hear the arrival of the midnight hour, by the sounds of the clock gonging in the other room. Had he dozed off for some time?
“Ours is a touristy town and there will always be visitors around the year….”
John grabbed Sherlock so suddenly and abruptly that the younger man almost reacted by pulling back. The look in those otherwise kindly eyes turned to steel for a moment, before his gaze became normal again. “Did I…. Did I say something wrong?” Sherlock asked. He was almost trembling. John smiled and kissed the tip of his nose, “Sorry about that! No, it’s not about what you said but what your words reminded me of. That was what my grandmother told me a few months ago. That’s the same thing my father kept telling me in his emails and letters all the while as I avoided him, didn’t reply, didn’t heed any of his requests and pleas to come and see him. I always knew, from the moment I met you, that there was something special about you. Now I am confirmed you are indeed…. Very special to me. You are a God-send Sherlock and you were meant to come into my life for a reason, a good and positive reason. Thank you!”
“That is….” Mycroft noticed the other car and man for the first time. His eyes grew big and his jaw dropped. He got out of his car, almost hitting Greg with the door as he opened it abruptly and hard, his eyes fixed on the tall, lean figure across the road, plumes of smoke rising around him as he dragged on a cigarette.
John came helplessly, so overcome with lust that he actually pushed Sherlock face down on the bed and fucked him like a jackhammer, riding through that enormous orgasm. He held him down, his hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, emptying himself deep in there.
“No,” Greg snapped at him, offended, “Why should I?” He stared at Mycroft who shook his head with a dumfounded look, “Not me, don’t give me that stare. It’s
Then there were a couple of minor royals and their partners, looking for wealthy associates to fund their opulent lifestyles and drying coffers. They weren’t meeting with much success, if their expressions were anything to go by. Irene’s butler seemed to be a former henchman and wouldn’t mind grabbing a piece of good fortune in the shape of an engagement ring. He was clearly overworked and under-appreciated and under-paid as well. Irene’s assistant had elevated herself to her place, a mistress rather than a secretary, by marrying some sheikh. The sheikh was a total debauch and for sure used Irene’s contacts to get some underaged boys and girls into his bed.
“No Martha.
Sherlock wanted to say something filled with vitriol and sarcasm but, seeing the thundercloud over John, he played it safe for a change and didn’t say a word. By and by the chief of police came to them, congratulating Sherlock and John for ridding society of a notorious killer but also asked the obvious question. “Whoever killed him has a serial killer trapped in them, it’s brutal. Who was it?”
“Irene???” Sebastian frowned.
Naturally, when the date of the wedding arrived, it felt like a very natural and easy transition into the status of ‘husband and husband’.
Sherlock obediently sat down. “What is this tantrum all about?” John enquired, “You seem pretty hassled.”
Her eyes flew open!
“Jimmy you need to look at me, hold my gaze, hold my hands and breathe with me. Just breathe, please!”
“Lockie,” she sounded a bit reproachful, “Do the honors.”
Sherlock felt a weird sensation in his stomach.
“Yeah, he has to go somewhere,” John said nonchalantly as if this was the most likely thing to happen, “So I loaned him my car. Now can you please drop me to my workplace? Sherlock told me you will be happy to do so.”
“Don’t be too harsh on him, that’s all I ask. It’s not something to be shared, proudly or otherwise, and I truly believed that your company and presence has moved him quantum leaps away from that habit of his. He was clean for years and I’d expected things to remain that way.”
“Yes. But more than me, it’s something that will affect Sherlock so it’s a question to be directed to him Greg.”
John nodded, “Yes of course, what else did you think it was…..” but before he could finish, he heard Robert Royce calling out to him. A bright and perky Molly whispered ‘good-luck’ before skipping down the hallway, as if she had just won a lottery. Confused and a bit amused by this experience, John went back into the room. This time he saw Benjamin Johnson, Julia’s boss and the overall Human Resource Lead, sitting there. Over the next ten minutes he agreed to all of John’s terms and conditions, albeit haltingly and with loads of ‘if’s’ and ‘but’s’. Finally he gave John a fresh offer and put forward one condition. John was asked to sign a watertight two-year clause of non-separation, a violation of which came with a hefty penalty. John grinned inwardly and happily agreed to sign on the dotted line.
“Very well then. In that case please keep this.”
But what had happened to her!!!
“What do you mean?” Mycroft asked, “It was a thief with an animal, maybe his pet?”
“I can’t believe how easily and quickly Sherlock turns a perfect tidy, clean and freshly painted flat into something of a mess,” the landlady complained in a good-natured manner, “The boys and I will clean it all up today, don’t worry John. Sherlock still asleep? There’s tea on the kitchen table, I am sure you need a cup.”
Little Sherlock meets an angel
Sherlock felt a surge of naughtiness take over and he quipped, “In case your staff feels it’s too unusual to see you do their work or that His Highness can’t drive a teeny weeny forklift, then I can come to his rescue. I wanna drive this, that’s what I wanted to do anyways.”
John also realized Sherlock had no sense of personal space, nor did he ever intend to split the chores and errands. While Mrs. Hudson provided breakfast and tea in the morning and tea once again in the afternoon, John was left to work in the kitchen and rustle up lunches and dinners.
He starts at the sound of his bedroom door opening.
, and he feels absolutely pissed and reckless and yeah, he ordered a full portion when maybe a half might have been enough, but that bone-deep sensation of not giving a single fuck is half the fun of a good night out anyway.
Sherlock is kneeling by his violin case, examining his bow.  At the sound of John lurching towards him, he looks up, bright-eyed and with a smile playing at his lips.
John pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s thigh and slides it around the back of Sherlock’s neck, draws their foreheads together, lets their breath mingle.
A knock on his bedroom door.
John glances down at himself.  He hadn’t even realized his coat was still on.  He doesn’t often remove it now that the weather has turned cold.  He undoes the buttons and takes it off.  They sit in silence a few moments.
was a metal tea-strainer.  Essentially, it melted and then shortly afterward caught fire.”
The color drops out of Sherlock’s face.  John is breathing hard and he spares a glance to his left, sees a woman look at him with an appalled expression before bundling her coat around her and hurrying along.
“No, Sherlock,” John shakes his head.  “I didn’t need to yell so the whole tube station could hear me.  I really didn’t.”  He lets out a shaky breath.  These sorts of discussions are not easy for him.  “Just.  Look, I can take care of myself, yeah? But there are people-- kids, who are desperate, who’ll trust anyone who offers them any sort of help.”
Vinegar fizzes on his tongue, bready and sparkling, rousing his mouth out of liquor-induced numbness.  The lurch that his stomach gives every time he inhales the steam rising up from his food might be hunger and it might be nausea and he can't be arsed to care; it smells
“I--” he starts. “Your sandwiches are awful.”
And that’s not fair, John thinks, not at all fair for such a remarkable man to say something that sounds so terribly lonely.  He doesn’t know what to say or do, now that the anger has fallen away and left him feeling vulnerable and unsure of himself all over again.  It’s as if they have circled right back around to the beginning.  John wants to hand Sherlock his wallet, watch him rifle through it, start again.  Start over.  He remembers the warmth and the fluttering nerves in his belly yesterday, when Sherlock had made him laugh and how it had felt like Dorothy pouring oil over the Tin Man, soothing the rusted places inside him.  And so he says “Alright, then,” and tries very hard to smile and succeeds, a bit.
Closer.  The cobalt is closer.
“Of course it’s brilliant.  You just made a compass!”
Sherlock has never been invited to join in.
“I want a grilled cheese, John!”
The bass voice calls after him, echoing off the walls of the station and mingling with the din of the public that already fills the cavernous space.
Sherlock has never been invited to join in.  Why? Because he is different.  He is odd.  He says wrong things and stumbles over his letters and looks into people’s eyes too fiercely or doesn’t look into them at all.  He ferried the bleached skeleton of a
“It’s still brilliant.”
Sherlock offers John a small smile, even though he's facing the wrong way to see it.  He tweaks the now-neat collar of John's shirt. "Been shopping?"
“This isn’t a date though.” It’s not a question but it comes out sounding like one.
When the fourteenth day comes, he gets a cab to Heathrow.
John frowns. He limps a few paces back towards the man and answers before he realizes quite what he's doing.
A smile breaks over John’s face and he nods and shrugs his shoulders, conceding the point.  “Probably,” he says.  He hikes his bag up higher on his shoulder.  Before he turns to go sit further away to listen, he pauses and says “Play ‘Lost in the Supermarket’ again today, yeah?”
The boy frees one of his hands from his pocket and offers it to him, steady even despite the wind and the chill spray clinging to the light, fuzzy hairs of his arm.  “John.”
“Hello again,” Phil sat down at the table boisterously, “Sherrrlock, I got two ice creams for us. Chocolate chip, just what we like.”
“Oh no we keep no such thing in our store, you know that! This piece is the only one of its kind in stock and this particular item is personalized. See here – Jonathan Goff is embossed on it. He booked it two days ago and had given me an advance amount for it too. Sorry Mr. Watson, you can pick up one of the other ones……”
Sorry about the delay in posting. Real life took over as usual. Will post again in the middle of the week.
Sherlock stared at John in complete and utter amazement and fascinated delight. He was the same man, the same person and yet there was something so different about him. He seemed taller, straighter and healthier somehow. His cheeks were glowing and so were his eyes. Happiness and confidence radiated off him in buckets and for some peculiar reason it made Sherlock horny as hell. His breathing grew heavier!
“The seafood here is awesome, where do they get such fresh catch?” Sebastian commented as the group sat eating a scrumptious lunch on a Wednesday noon at Beckett Town. This was hosted by him and John for their new beaus and their gal pals who had been feeling neglected and had recently faced some unsavory moments in the village.
“Sherl baby, how are you?”
“Thanks,” the man replied, “For seeing me at this hour and for this tea. This is really nice!”
“How is that any business of yours? I am a successful man who knows how to navigate relationships, finances, how to network and bond with the right people and get my work done. I am someone even dad trusts with his investments and real estate.”
“Not boring but fairly painful,” Sherlock said solemnly, “Telling someone the incidents means opening up some very fresh wounds. It’s like getting bloodied all over again, seeing that face in my dreams again in the night. But I do want her murderer to be arrested so I will talk, one more time, hoping this time I am speaking to people who will be able to do something rather than offer excuses every single time.” With that he took a deep breath and started the story, “I met her for the first time at the APS. Abandoned Persons’ Shelter. She was depressed, suicidal, sometimes she would be crying all day. Realized she had been abused and abandoned by her own family and also lost her house, the same place she called home for thirty years of her life.”
“Sherlock has used in the past. We sent him to rehab, twice.”
“When do you plan to talk to him? I swear if my girlfriend sees this pic she’ll call you two a cute pair, sort of well-matched!”
“Pom…pem….peem…what is that?”
At least he didn’t ask me to fuck off or throw something at my head. But he didn’t even look at me either. Maybe he doesn’t remember how I sounded. Probably he had forgotten my voice during these tumultuous months. “Jawn…. hi, um…. it’s me, I’m Sherlock, Sherl.”
“He respects the man as a soldier and when they were young they really did get along well. But Mr. Watson is aware that his cousin has changed quite a bit in his twenties and he was disappointed when he left the army. I think, once the Dame Rosalie is no more, he will show him the door. You can do charity but not cripple someone with it, let them fish for themselves if they are able to – this was what I once heard him telling Mr. Stamford.”
Before he knew it, he was cumming too, harder than ever before.
“It’s just the name of the building we live in, all buildings have a name and address….err, most of them do.”
“No, this whole ‘I know things about you’ thing.”
sometimes. Everything can’t be solved by blue murder, threats or firearms.” He took a sip of his coffee (which he had brought along with himself, in a fancy thermos) and nodded, pleased with the taste, “Indonesian beans. Always the best! So, I know how my brother can be, hence the man living with him has to be the calmer, more rational one and yet, brave and prepared for any eventuality.”
“Yes, the one and only. I am in the house. Come downstairs and meet me. Actually meet me in the pool house. I am there.”
“I mean,” said the smaller man, prowling around Sherlock in circles, “You sleep with him, live with him, enjoy his company, but don’t forget where you belong darling!!!”
“Mary,” John replied briefly.
John grinned, “I guess then our menu is decided. We are having breakfast for dinner, which sounds like a jolly good plan to me! I will be the chef while you guys sit at the kitchen table. BB, don’t let your mom know or none of us will be allowed into her kingdom!”
John was about to open his mouth and just yell at his housemate, frustrations getting the better of him, when Jim sang out the following words.
Sherlock blinked, “No, case briefs, notes, from a past case.”
“Oh c’mon John, he’s a guy. We’re men. We are always ready for sex.”
a bad idea for a soldier to get some extra support, provided it’s only temporary. While I appreciate what the tax-payers do and the difficult life most of the workers in civil and corporate jobs lead, none of them risk their necks for the nation. A man like you, used to saving lives under pressure, with limited resources and support, will be invaluable for the society. I suggest you go for the lump sum payment for temporary disability and the normal pension scheme as a retired officer due to injury during active and warfront service.”
“You do. You just ignore it and pretend those admirers don’t exist.”
“Sit still you dumbass.”
Sherlock pouted, “You didn’t tell me….” He stopped, realizing that he didn’t have some rights there. For example, he couldn’t ask John for such gestures which only a real partner or fiancé could. “Sorry,” he whispered.
The sounds of a scream (or was it a dream lingering in his mind) woke Sebastian from a post coital nap and sat up with a start, suddenly feeling naked and cold. He quickly reached out for a towel and wiped himself, then splashed some of the clear and fresh water on his face to regain his bearings. Then it occurred to him that he was alone in the cave. Jim was with him when they fell asleep, or so he thought, but right now his precious man-friend was nowhere to be seen!
Since John didn’t know the old lady who’d died there he was not much affected by the incident or the sight of that room, but the fact that Sherlock still remembered her and griped about the inefficiencies of the police told him how badly hit the young man was by that gruesome death. Every time they entered their bedroom Sherlock would give a wistful glance at the closed door, often he would stare at it from the anteroom area of his master bedroom. But he never spoke about her, not even once. John also felt irked sometimes about the lack of action or closure on that front.
“Here?” Jim pretended to be shocked and baffled too, “In this-this very village, o-our village?!?” Sherlock also feigned ignorance, “Where, where ex-exactly did you girls see the panther like creatures?” Jim asked again, in a tone of disbelief, “We’ve never seen or heard any growling.”
Mary had a couple of teardrops in her eyes. “Group hug?” She asked emotionally.
They got into the car and Jim drove them out of the property, only to nearly ram into a police vehicle that came speeding down the pathway that connected the highway to the lake and the woods beyond. Jim braked hard and swerved the car just in time to avoid a collision while the police vehicle also swerved similarly and narrowly avoided crashing into a tree before coming to a halt right in front of the cottage that stood opposite to the Glenn Manor gate.
Sherlock was in the kitchen, nervously looking for biscuits and hoping the silly man would sip his tea. Even a couple of sips would do the trick and the effects would be visible in half an hour. He had added half a pill to the cup and it had dissolved within seconds, as expected. Sherlock had been very tempted to taste it to see if it affected the flavor of the tea but tasting even a little meant suffering from the after effects of it. Without John around he was absolutely not going to take that risk. In fact, he didn’t want to make the same mistake made by the character of Dr. Jekyll who had tested his invention by trying it out on himself. What if he turned into a sex monster or some sort of Leviathan!
Mrs. Hudson came running out, looking rather concerned.
, would cement the already excellent bonds between the two families, leaving them scowling after her. “I guess the joke is on us now,” Sherlock huffed.
“I don’t know. I am not the most socially forward or easygoing person Vic, you know me very well by now.”
“Me too, I am sure she will talk sooner or later. By the way, when will your uncle and aunt and Julia’s parents arrive?”
Sherlock stepped backwards.
“Jesus, I really goofed up didn’t I?”
“Not happening,” John said sternly, “The upside of living with you and solving cases together is that I understand you too well to fall for your tricks.”
Moments later, the call connected to Phil Andersen and John heard him greet in a rather condescending manner, at first asking ‘John
It was morning already and the sun had come up. At least seven hours must have passed since the events of the midnight the previous night. Things seemed so calm I was almost tempted to think I had dreamt it all but no one wakes up from a dream on a kitchen table, in a kitchen whose floor is covered by dirt and dried leaves, with shattered shards of the window pane lying on the floor. One or two of them crunched under my shoes as I stepped out of the kitchen and walked down the hallway to the grand hall and staircase. The front door was still wide open and the cold air of the morning was whooshing through the house. The foyer was covered with a layer of earth and dirt and dried leaves, twigs and branches. At the bottom of the staircase, on the rug covered floor lay Gregory, still out cold. In the alcove which served as a sitting area, Irene was on a couch and she was waking up/coming around. “What…. What happened to us?” She asked, bewildered.
“Yeah, let’s freeze on that one,” John said, “And I am all for women’s lib!”
Mycroft didn’t speak to Sherlock for a year after that. Eugenia got up and walked out of the room that evening, stunned, and never mentioned it again. Reginald grinned, then said ‘Now now Sherlock, one must not say certain things in the presence of elders’.
He had not just lost John, he was now faced with the difficult situation of seeing him go to prison for an undefined number of years. Talk about reversal of fortunes. Only the same morning he was a soon-to-be-married man, happy and ecstatic, with the love of his life and a bright and happy future ahead of him. Now he had lost everything – the man he adored and trusted, his dreams and his expectations of wedded bliss. He was so shocked and saddened that he couldn’t even cry, not even when Jim came back to the car to console him or later days, when Mycroft tried to do the same and assure him he’d do the best he could for John. With the real culprit caught and John confessing, there was some chances of a partial clemency, which Mycroft promised to take care of.
“That’s noble…..” Greg said, peeling his eyes away from Sherlock’s face.
“As for his condition,” Emily Mortimer said, “That is absolutely genuine.”
John blinked, “Nana? What do you…..??”
After watching the time like a hawk, he called in exactly eighteen minutes at the number of the inn’s reception. He knew that the innkeeper would have gone to bed and John would get in using the key he had got from the man by bribing him with a bottle of Scotch. As he had predicted, on the fifth ring John answered the call. “Hello, who’s this….??” He asked, surprised at the phone call at the late hour. Sherlock answered as normally and coolly as possible, “This is me Jawn, Sherlock. My brother’s creating a bit of a ruckus unfortunately. The butler was there, on his scooter, insisting that I go home with. This happened only a few minutes since you left so I thought I might catch you there.”
“Will you come with me?”
The question was innocent, spoken in an unsure voice. Suddenly Sherlock seemed ten years younger, a little boy on the cusp of manhood and as afraid of experiences as he was eager for them. John kissed up those long legs, kneaded the muscular but lean thighs, and placed a chaste kiss on the side of his hip. “You’re asking the wrong person Sherl. I have never done this before and if we stop now, I am afraid I…..”
“Mrs. Hudson,” John sighed, “I am asking you not to be a naysayer. Is it too much?”
“I am still not comfortable,” Sally said, “Whatever you say!”
“Yes, good idea.”
When Greg was introduced to Sherlock, John found that his mentor had changed his voice as well. He didn’t question him though; why would he when the two men seemed to get along so well right from the start. Sherlock seemed chattier than he usually was with strangers while Greg went out of the way to be nicer, more affectionate with Sherlock. After a while John simply walked along with them as they discussed the various paintings and art pieces on display, commenting on some of them and marveling at how they had matching tastes in terms of art.
“I am not asking, I am telling.”
“Hmmm, so then, we finish everything for this month by tomorrow and then it’s just them and us for the next week?” Jim asked.
“He is back home already? When did he arrive? Why didn’t someone tell me?”
That was the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back
“NO.”
“Yeah, yes, I will try….yes, give me some time, yeah….”
Right at that moment the door to the flat, which neither of them had bothered to close due to their need to ‘reconnect’ crashed open and in walked a suited, booted, poker-faced and umbrella wielding Mycroft Holmes. At first he had that snooty, affected look on his face but that rapidly changed into shock, then into horror and finally into mortification. Of all the things he had expected, this was not even on the horizon. Seeing his brother naked on top of an equally naked John, the evidence of their pleasure on their skin and in the air, embarrassed Mycroft to the skin and he flushed a bright tomato red.
Sherlock didn’t say a word. He kept staring out of the window.
……he couldn’t wait to get back home and see Sherlock in that outfit, or at least part of it.
“I am not worried about Sherlock, but for the doctor.”
“And that’s why I agreed to do this,” Greg added on top of that, “This might not sound complicated and it might not involve celebrities or the Mi5 but the best thing about this case is how layered and puzzling it is. It forces us to think and act.”
There was something about that filthy tongue and the way those words were said that made John’s cock twitch back to life again. Smiling evilly he whispered close to Sherlock’s ear, “The second thing has already happened. My refractory system, which was five minutes, is now reduced to an enviable two minutes. How does this feel?”
“Our family later fell into bad times and first my parents and later me and my husband sold parts of the dismantled necklace to fund marriages, properties, education, repay loans, start businesses etc. But this portion remained with me. No one knows about it, not even my kids. I want you to have it. Here, I have even written a declaration.”
“Of course not, why else would I be asking you this?’
Greg was wearing a wig, a fake mustache and beard and even a prosthetic nose. He had changed the color of his eyes with the aid of contact lenses and made himself look a bit bent-over and shorter than his height, as if he was seventy and not forty. He had also bulked up his middle and wore spectacles with clear glasses, completing the transformation from a young suave Parisian sophisticate to a slightly eccentric, chubby, greying septuagenarian. Still, when he saw Sherlock and John enter the gallery, he felt a slight flutter in his stomach. What if Sherlock recognized him?
Jim scoffed at the very thought, “Bollocks man utter and total bullshit. Nothing of that sort would be on their minds because they already know. You are over-analyzing this and unnecessarily drawing out imaginary patterns. Where are they off to anyways? Damn, I didn’t even bother to ask them.”
“No.”
“Never mind. Sometimes a relationship should be called off for the right reasons than continue for all the wrong ones.”
For the first time in two years, since his parents’ death and his overpowering guilt at not being able to do much for them.
That would be deceit.
The woman seemed uncomfortable but she quickly clued on and gave a bland, foolish smile. “Yes, yes, of course, it’s your decision…. We are happy to support, yes.” Phillip, or ‘Phil’ as he was called, nodded his head hard and smiled at Greg. “Could you wait outside while I call my client and speak with him,” Greg Lestrade said, pressing a button to remotely unlock the door to his office. He was looking keenly at the profiles and didn’t even give the two of them a glance as he made a gesture towards the now-wide-open open door, “It will be a Skype call and I am not sure he’d want others present when I show him the three shortlisted candidates and he makes the final choice.”
Sherlock reached out and grabbed Jim’s hand, “I don’t wanna lose you. But I don’t want to hurt any of our families. Hurting Greg is like hurting the family. Jimmy, we need to stop this bloodbath. What is wrong with you?”
“Very well, I am leaving early morning tomorrow for the conference in Geneva. I’ll be back in three weeks, so be good, stay safe and stay in touch. Okay?”
John decided not to linger around his maze of thoughts and focus on the task at hand. He proudly presented the gifts to Sherlock and said, “I hope you love them just as dearly and wholeheartedly as I adore the ones you gave me.”
“But we do not have swim trunks,” Sherlock argued, “I don’t know if you brought one for yourself but I don’t have one, for sure.”
Sherlock had let go of his cock as he came, so he quickly ducked his head and swallowed John again, just in time to catch half the seed on his tongue while the other half spilled on his chin.
The two panthers nuzzled and licked at the two blond men and then one went towards Mycroft and nuzzled his legs as Mycroft patted his head. Then, with the speed of lightning, both the beasts ran out of the house and into the darkness of the night.
(See the end of the chapter for
On the edge of the town, on top of a hill stood a property belonging to one of the richest of the residents. Built in Queen Anne style with spacious gardens and lawns around, it belonged to a couple who were once hugely respected in that area, for their success, generosity and charity. Two years ago they had passed, leaving behind two sons. The younger one stayed in that house and was the owner of the property.
“No worries, none at all. I shall give you sixty grand right away for it.”
“You killed my fiancé, you caused my sister’s death and even my mother died because of you and whatever you did to me…. to my family.”
By the tail end of the sentences, Sherlock’s hurt and dejected look and tone had transformed into one of anger and disdain, as if he no longer cared. John flinched as the detective added, “I just want to go back to where I was before, alone, on my own, where alone protected me….. when I said
One more chapter and this should be done. Thanks for being with me during this journey. I have tried my best to give the boys a happy end eventually. Hell, I know this probably took way more time than I usually take to finish a story but I still hope you enjoyed the series! Cheers!
Jim snarled at someone ‘I am busy’ and said sweetly into the phone, “So have you found out something yet? His mum’s jewelry? His father’s not-so-favorite painting. His grand uncle’s expensive watch or diamond ring. There could be so many things that no one is looking at anymore. They won’t even look for them, maybe they don’t know some of those items exist. You could start picking up a few and I could…..”
“Okay, let me ask you clearly then. Are you a doctor? What kind?”
“This legend they babbled about to us. Can you believe these people? I mean, even in this day and era they talk of such rubbish.”
John sighed, “But I am fine now. Guess I can’t be included…..”
“I see you still pull the chicks,” Mike said boisterously as he and John shook hands. “Well, I can modestly state that I am the sort of man most parents would like to see their daughters come home with,” John said with a wave of his arm and a snicker.
“See, I drove us out in one piece!!!”
“I-I have not done this…. Before…. I-I am a virgin and…. If we can just use our-our hands?”
He called John on his cell phone while he did his search. The phone kept ringing and no one answered the call. “Oh damn it John, answer the call tonight for Christ’s sake,” he shouted in a frustrated manner, “You really need to change your plans tonight.” The call went straight to John’s voice mail.
“I can’t really guess which way this is going James. You better tell me what happened quickly and clearly so I know how Sherlock is related to all this.”
“No marriage but always together.”
“Oh cut out the ‘titular’ addresses and salutations. They just create a wall between people. You can call me Rose or… nah call me gran. Many people do. Only John and Sebastian call me nana.”
“Nah,” Sherlock stood boldly before Jim, “It’s me who’s giving you the warning this time. Mess with me and you will have nothing left to be happy about.”
“I didn’t come here alone. Sherly is getting in through the chimney. I don’t like soot over me so I chose to get in through the basement hatch.”
“Bossy as you always were,” Sherlock grinned and complained good-naturedly, “But my submission and presentation to the executive-council of sponsors and the National Laboratory of Research and Development respectively isn’t until next week.”
After hearing the news of Harry’s death he had rushed over to investigate. Along with Greg he had found a couple of clues that led straight towards Sherlock and Jim. One was a chewing gum wrapper which had fallen out of Jim’s pocket, the same ones he often chewed on. The other was Sherlock’s Issy Miyake cologne, which was his signature scent. It filled the entire basement like a second layer of air.
“Why did you get a start…. Christ, don’t tell me you don’t even remember how we met yesterday and the fact that…. I brought you home. When Dr. Stevens came I thought you were awake. You talked and gave her some information too. Mrs. Hudson was there as well.”
“Please, please, please,” Sherlock chanted, “I want it. I want it!”
The coffee arrived quickly. Later when John walked in, he was smiling from ear to ear. “So,” he asked eagerly, “What is the verdict my guru? Have I done well, is there room for improvement or would you give me a pat on the back?”
He got
“The usual. Drive back safe!”
“Jesus Christ Almighty,” he groaned when he felt the onset of an orgasm so huge it was sure to knocked him off his senses, “I need to park-park the……”
“What….are you injured? Sherl….”
“Yeah.”
please have a sip of that Harry, better still, we want you to do a bottoms up right away.”
“Oooooh,” Sherlock turned his head to one side and jerked all over as a third finger entered him. “I have been holding back too long,” John sounded just as desperate as he was, “I need to do it really hard when I cum, when I feel you cum. Then stay inside you and do it again once we are hard once more.”
. He also saw the split lip in the left hand corner of Sherlock’s mouth and closed his eyes.
Sherlock put his feet up on the low stool before him, then saw his mummy make a face and quickly put them down. “It’s okay,” she said with a smile, “Go ahead, do that if you want. As long as you don’t put them up on the breakfast or dining table.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“J-Johnnn!!!”
(See the end of the chapter for
, than my stupid job. So don’t even think for a moment that the job threat will work on me this time.”
She very, very cautiously looked up and another drop landed, on her cheek this time. It didn’t take her more than three seconds to recognize what seemed to ‘have been’ her boyfriend.
“You should speak with her. Or else she will show up here Jawn.”
“Yeah. Exceptionally strong.”
Licking his lips he said, “Come to the bedroom.”
“Ah, that way,” John looked back at his cousin and Jim, “Yes, even I think the body language suggests just that. Since when?”
Two weeks had passed. For John his world went from light to dark, from smiles to tears and happiness to misery in the space of an hour. From the comforts and joys of his stay at the hospital to the pits of despair and hopelessness of the place he was in, things had gone downhill in such a swift and inexplicable manner that he was baffled, shocked and devastated by it. He felt like a train wreck every day, bereft of any positivity and hope, just plunged into a bleak world from where the skies were no longer visible.
“Y-yeahhhrrrr.”
“Sir…?”
He didn’t want to leave like this but he had no choice. He couldn’t bear to stay here any longer.
John revealed what happened in painful detail and spoke eruditely. Every second of his blasphemous experience was counted for and every moment was described threadbare. Sebastian was less prepared to do so and stuttered through the first part of it but eventually picked up momentum and gave us his first hand account of how he acted and reacted and what happened thereafter. There was a striking resemblance in their accounts, one aspect being totally common. Both had made use of the knife and there had been a moment when both had wondered if they were about to lose the men they so loved. None of us asked them questions, the answers we had got were too much for us to handle and process. It took us over an hour to regain our poise.
John caressed the Gucci trio-leather-combo of wallet, belt and loafers. Perfect color, style and feel. He was
Actually remembered nothing at all.
“Very well Mr. Lestrade.”
“I am giving you not even half a penny.”
John nodded, “I had to improvise sir. There was no time and no resource. It was a surprise attack on the base and they were not ready to spare even the women and the injured.”
Cheeks flushed a deep red, his heart thumping in his chest, toes curling, groin pulsating with sensations and his dick leaking profusely, John bowed his back and tried to fuck his mouth, at which point Sherlock did something totally unexpected. He uncuffed the man.
“That’s excellent,” Greg commented happily, “Then let me fly down tomorrow. I have a conference to attend later this weekend in Cardiff and a trip each to Manchester and Liverpool next week. Let me spend a few days in London right now or I won’t be able to make it again until two weeks later.”
“Thanks….” John rubbed his hands together, “So, do you like the dress, the shoes….?”
“Oh, is it? I thought you were up someone’s…..no, forget it, she doesn’t deserve hate.”
John looked behind himself to assure his heart that she was speaking to him. She suppressed a snide snicker and said, “This must be your sixth or seventh vehicle, right? Perhaps the second time you’re buying one in this particular year!”
Sherlock shook his head, “No Jawn. I need to do this on my own and money is only one of the many criteria. Where I work, I am not just earning a salary but also picking up lots of lessons on client handling, project management, profit and loss bookkeeping, handling a task force, doing quality evaluations. These will eventually help me with my own startup. So, for the next three to four years I will be an employee. Then I’ll be good enough to become an employer.”
“We had that the last two times…..”
“Thanks Mr. Pearson,” Greg said, “Unless it was stolen, every other option you mentioned can be tracked. If this was stolen I’m sure it was reported and we will have some suspects named.”
“Us being in the same room? Yes.”
“Shut it dude. You don’t thank family for such small things or gestures. Or maybe you have finally realized you hadn’t quite acted as a son and brother for two and half years, hence any small brotherly assistance surprises you!”
“Not to me.”
“Please, you have to wear two hats here. One would be the responsible citizen’s and the other a family man’s. You are their elder brother, if you can’t help them then who will? We have given up, there is simply no way out of this curse. We have gone to wizards and witch-doctors, to priests, spiritual groups and members of occult groups, we have even tried psychotherapy but nothing has worked. Nothing at all.”
Gifts were exchanged and so were handshakes and hugs. The two townies were extremely delighted to meet their men and Jim and Sherlock were simply thrilled and relieved to see their beaus again. All their earlier convictions about avoiding emotional attachments, love etc had melted away in the heat of the attraction between them and their objects of affection. Only a day apart had taught them the pain of separation and now neither of them wanted to take a chance with their new relationships again. “Why have you got me another gift?” Sherlock asked, “These binoculars are just what I needed but you already gave me these shoes.” John smiled fondly, “I saw this and just thought they belong to you! Thanks for the pouch, personalized with my name, wow!”
“Hmm, he does seem attached to Sherlock and may not give up easily. John, you also remember I hope that there’s always a chance of retaliation. So cover your arse at all points, don’t give him an opportunity to destroy your carefully built castle because given a chance he shall do so ruthlessly. From what I heard in your texts, he’s getting desperate.”
“Yes. Let me at least jerk you off.”
Still, it had been hard to reconcile himself with the slap of defeat and deceit and his inability to preempt it and take necessary and suitable precautions.
“Good,” Greg said, “Now put it to good use. Remember, your parents are no longer around and your sister has her own family and life now. You are responsible for your own present and future and every decision you take henceforth, own them fully. If they work for you, rejoice. If they don’t work for you, treat them as lessons and become wiser. Never let your confidence flounder and never allow people to disrespect you. You are better than the man you were yesterday and much smarter too!”
“This is about Sh…..”
“Please, allow me to be the judge of your actions,” he said, “Since you had made me the target I’d like to look at it from my point of view. Well, the verdict is that you did what anyone would do if they faced such horrors and were directed towards the propagator. Even if mistakenly considered so, you had every right to loathe me as the man responsible for three deaths.”
“So….I mean, that’s not true.”
“Yeah, why not? Is his office outside the galaxy?”
“You deliberately parked the car so close to mine that I couldn’t even open my door properly, I had to get out the other side. Just a few more inches and people could get by a lot easier.”
“Oh shut the fuck up. At least don’t insult my intelligence, don’t act like you are a real angel. There’s a difference between someone who looks good and someone who is a good man. You are a conniving prick who takes advantage of his looks. You’re a man who’s far wiser than his years and way too cunning for people like me. Tell me Sherlock, what was next on the agenda, steal more money, take over properties, giving your boyfriend my family heirlooms?”
“On the contrary,” Sebastian exhaled and spoke in a tone that reflected a sense of relief, “I don’t think so at all, I believe you are as sane as a man who’s conducting a life-saving surgery.”
“But what would have come inside,” Mrs. Hudson was quite astonished by the narration and clearly didn’t quite believe her guest, “The window is about eight feet from the ground, now who on earth can be tall enough to peer in through there? Usually this is a crime free area and we have only a tiny police station, but since we have quite a few visitors and tourists twice a year during the fairs and carnival, we might be bothered by a few miscreants who are not locals but who’re here for a short time. Don’t worry, nobody can just get into this house. The doors and windows are tough and bolted shut and, as you said, there are strong rods on the windows, all of them. You might have had a bad dream my dear, when one is very tired and in a new place, these things happen to them.”
While he processed that information a sudden realization struck him. He was not in the room where he was used to waking up, next to John. He was not even in the one room flat he rented in Baker Street, from his nanny Mrs. Hudson, who was the landlady. He was back in the bedroom where he had grown up as a kid and then spent part of his teenage years in. This was the same room where he stayed off and on even during college. They had kept it exactly as it used to be when he was a child.
Sherlock walked out of his house with a big smile on his face. He was reluctant to admit this even to himself but the mere thought of walking alongside John and traveling on the train with him, even if they didn’t speak much all through, was exhilarating. He looked forward to these moments and woke up every morning with a pleasant, warm feeling in his chest.
“Please, I would be immensely grateful if you stopped that silly little habit of yours,” Greg pointed with his eyes, “Stop scratching your head and touching your ear and cheek. This screams ‘Self-conscious’ and ‘nervous’ and no one likes such people.” John immediately put his hand back on the table in front of them and nodded in concurrence. “Well, allow me to give you some reasons why I included you in my program of ‘Personality Rebuilding’. First, you really seem serious about changing your life and getting this man, else you would have showed some hesitation in the duration of your stay or even the steep fees I charge. I like people with conviction and who don’t haggle over timelines and prices. Second, you don’t want to be a poser or a pretender in order to get this guy. You want to be yourself. That’s what I always advise, be yourself. But a better version of yourself if need be.”
“Two things. First, I love you too. Second, guess what’s always been my biggest fear?”
“You seem very happy.”
“None at all. They went out for some space show….or some celestial activity that needs to be viewed through telescopes and all that, probably had dinner at some Italian eatery and then Sherlock came back, alone. I know they had Italian because I washed Sherlock’s shirt the next day. Saw spaghetti and panna cotta bits on his shirt as I put it into the machine. Anyways, you go along now. I’ll get you some tea soon.”
“I know about that, right? I have been there. We made a mistake and it took us several years to correct it. But eventually things get sorted out. If you have done the right thing, some power above will help you get to your destination. If your car breaks down, a trucker will give you a ride. If your boat develops a leak, someone will pass by on a raft and take you on. Just be there for him and I promise you, he’ll be there for you too.”
“Oh…. Sorry, yes, of course!”
“I’ll surrender and admit to my mistakes. Not just mistakes but capital crimes. And you will marry Greg Lestrade with my blessings and good wishes. No, don’t try to say ‘no’ because the truth is, I don’t think I really love you. I was dependent on you and chose to find a way to stick on, that’s all there is. I know it sounds harsh but that’s the truth, which often is acerbic.”
Their lead was thirty seven year old Gregory Stratham Lestrade, a Superintendent by grade (a level higher than a senior inspector) but an investigator at heart. Even now, he was known as one of the best of the lot and whenever smaller towns, suburbs or the countryside reported crimes that no one had a clue as to how to proceed on, he and his team were very much in demand. Along with them was their faithful and efficient watchdog, Bruno, who was three and half and had succeeded his ten year old father in this job. Bruno’s father Dino was now retired and live with Greg’s parents in South London, keeping them company and enjoying their pampering and attention.
“So, what exactly is your problem? What do you need my help with? And, if you don’t mind sharing what you’ve known about me so far!”
“It’s not his fault what happened today.”
“Noooo, don’t.”
Sherlock took in a deep breath and looked at Jim meaningfully, “Is it what we saw two weeks ago in the woods? At foot of the hill we live on? Remember, they were burying…..” Jim nodded, also remembering, “The other creature, the one we wanted to search and our fathers searched for, for several years and failed. Was it around? Is it…. is it dead? Maybe the evil was contained inside it while it was still there but when it died, that means-that means we are the only ones carrying this particular curse within ourselves. That is why the evil manifests in us in ways we haven’t known in the past few years. You are right, I find an unexplained joy in killing now, like the very sight of blood excites me.”
He joined Sherlock and together they shoveled more dirt and earth and rocks out of the way. As they dug six or seven more times each, they suddenly struck something that was not hard or gravely but felt like that of a ‘body’.
Like the way he stared at John in wide-eyed wonder when the doctor cooked a one-dish meal in no time when they were exhausted and ravenous after working nonstop on a case and hadn’t eaten all day. Moment when Sherlock would disarmingly rest his head on John’s shoulder and doze off when the doctor, after a hard day’s work at the hospital, watched some Judge Judy to unwind and relax.
“Lockie.”
“Though I have to say it’s not that huge nor that overwhelming. You just have to get used to it, that’s all.”
Anthea lost her patience at this point, “What she said was a figure of speech. We were ‘almost attacked’ and the reason we didn’t report this earlier is because we wanted to talk to Irene and see what she feels about it. She saw something at her window two nights ago and naturally we wanted her opinion. We were stalked and I can vouch for this, it was not some human. If there are wild and dangerous animals around, we need you to address this please.”
“They are beautiful, they’re perfect.”
“Is that a surprise in any way?”
“No, no,
“Oh-kay-y.”
John relaxed slightly. So this man understood. Now the big question was – Will he help me or just give me a lecture and send me on my way, to fend for myself?!
Just as I was despairing that we had nothing left to cook for breakfast, he discovered that I had forgotten to turn the microwave on. So the pancakes were not done but at least they were not really destroyed.
“Oh you bet,” Phillip echoed, “I saw your face change boss, you were blushing and drooling, practically leering at him. And while he is worth a second and even a third glance, the way you were staring at him made me wonder if it was indeed you…. Or some kind of a Cupid like fat boy figure had invaded your soul!!”
“You do?”
“Goodnight Jawn. And thank you!”
“Your house? You mean your house here?” Sebastian had to pretend to be surprised or else he’d let the cat out of the bag, “But don’t you live with your parents here love?”
Greg smiled, “Well, I would have loved to but you know my work and what it involves. I don’t really have weekends, anytime a client asks for something it’s always urgent and must be done the same day. A film unit wants an old Packard car and also a hedgehog. Imagine that, a hedgehog and a Packard.” They both laughed and Greg looked up at the first floor of the mansion, looking slightly preoccupied. John noticed but didn’t say anything, waited for the other man to make a statement. After a little while Greg cleared his throat and asked, “He’s still asleep, is he?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Jimmy, I might be less bright but that doesn’t make me a fool. How can a painting turn into a pair of male panties?”
“So then
“And I certainly hope I shall be your last,” John replied, kissing him passionately.
“Your twins are not going to be stalked by this gentleman Mary. They’re kids and they are at an advantage here. They can make friends far more easily than adults too. Don’t you think a Molly and her sister Sally are enough? It took me a year to fend off Molly and now Sally’s on to me.”
Mycroft suppressed a grin and shook his head in exasperation, “That man is named Gregory, the short form is Greg. You and your mixing and twisting names. Grunge? Hah! Anyways, our mummy and daddy have embarked on a long global tour and the tour’s itinerary is planned for almost six months. Three and half months of that are over already so they should be back sometime in the month after next. Or maybe even sooner. But they’ll call you on Zoom and speak with you in a day or two, since they want to see you and hear from you about how you’re really doing.” He paused and cracked his knuckles as Sherlock gladly accepted the tea he had brought in and sipped it.
The beast came closer and nuzzled John’s calves much the same way the other one was cozying up to Sebastian. Amidst all this the four panic stricken men had fled, the front door was open and they heard thunder outside. A storm was approaching, perhaps appropriately so, nature trying to intimidate them with her various dark secrets and sinister powers. But even in the face of adversity, the two men ensured the love in their hearts shone forth like beacons of hope.
“Yes, tell me the report. Is he still there in the house? Anything you know that I should know?”
“Nope. No one can see. There are no lights, the tree and its branches, we are hidden from sight. Nobody ventures out at this time of the night here. As for the Highway, the stop is about three miles ahead, next village. They start at Beckett town and are usually in a hurry to move, they don’t take a breather here.”
“It’s something he told me. He’s not comfortable sharing that with everyone.”
He deposited a huge load on Sherlock’s tongue, seeing stars and explosions behind closed eyelids, as he came and came and came.
“Let me tell you the damages first John. We don’t need to go into the details, like his name or anything else associated with him. You know why I am saying that, don’t you?” Mike was a bit clipped in his speech and John understood why. Mycroft was not aware of his deal/contract with Sherlock. For very good reasons he didn’t want that to be known to the hawk-eyed lawyer and knowing the proximity Mycroft shared with Dame Rosalie, it was best kept under wraps.
“Untether John from this man. Give him a lump sum but cut him out of your lives.”
“Rat,” the assassin hissed, “You’ll pay for ratting me out. Never mess with the ‘Angel of Death’. I will
So, on the third day since Sherlock’s departure to London, John packed a small bag for himself taking only some necessities, used most of the money he had been given as an allowance to buy Sherlock a parting gift and left in the early hours of the dawn. He left the gift at the foot of the stairs and a letter, handwritten and sealed in an envelope, to be opened only by the young master of the house.
“Bitch,” John mumbled.
“Yeah, Monday to Friday, every single day. 8:40 in the morning and then…. Whatever train I take in the evening. He’s always there!”
Greg looked at the open door of the house and the broken window of the kitchen and exclaimed, “The storm has arrived. We must close the door at least, try and board up the kitchen as well Myc. Irene, help him.”
With that he pointed at the buddy seat and said, “Sherlock, I guess John can’t take you to work today. He has to call the garage instead. But no worries, I am here. Let’s go.”
. But it’s early days yet.” He saw his mother suppressing her chuckle and said, “I mean mummy, you know what I mean don’t you? I will ensure you meet him but only when I am sure this is going somewhere. Right now all I am thinking is that I am happy, I am somehow very happy all the time. He understands me, he watches over me, he cares about me. We have a lot to talk about, we have common interests and hobbies and-and, it’s just…. Wonderful. But then, it’s…. it’s…..!!”
“Oh please Myc,” Daphne begged, “They can’t help themselves. Try to understand. Things are beyond their controls.” “Yeah, she is right,” Eugenia supported her friend, “They are doomed already, why do you want to hasten their death. As it is we live in dread that they’ll give up.”
“Yes, of course, I am ready.”
“Oh-kay-y!”
“Yeah,” Sherlock yawned, curled up in John’s arms with his head on his chest, “But asleep for only seven, that too in fits and starts. What got into you last night?”
“As he grew into a teen he became more and more closed and guarded. Earlier he’d come to me with his troubles, if not to mummy or daddy. But as we grew up, the difference in our ages screwed up our equation. I got busy with studies, friends, ambitions, and I admit I ignored him.”
“Yeah, so? Not everyone gives up on their share just because they didn’t get the exact thing they wanted.”
“Yes Mycroft, I can.”
A knock at their door made them rush, thinking it to be Jim and Sherlock but they found another man there instead. “I remember you,” John said, “You work for Greg, don’t you?”
“Bastard.”
“What’s that?” Sherlock asked, curious.
“But why? What happened? Why never mind?”
“Which I didn’t. I must say, because you never responded I was sure you loved me and was trying to fend me off. It’s just the crazy sort of thing you’d do.”
“Malicious and very narrow minded comments were thrown at them, to be honest. But they were quite content living there and interacting only with the believers. Amongst them were mostly a band of gypsies and some people who were considered to be ‘old timers’ even back in those days, people who apparently practiced the English form of voodoo and consisted of colored people, a very rare community those days when we used to be lily white. Not happy to ostracize them for no reason, some folks started to deny them some basic help that anyone needs from a village/town they live in. when one got sick, they were refused admission in the clinic, they were refused medicines under the guise ‘Oh you mean the witch doctors can’t heal themselves’. When the poor man passed, his partner, not sure if she was his sister or wife, killed herself out of grief and loneliness. He was all she had.”
“The truth?”
His lips found the warm and throbbing Adam’s apple of his lover and he playfully kissed and suckled on it. His hands came up the smooth skin of his lover, fingertips gently caressing the bare spots as well as those with fine hairs on it, finally resting on the peachy nubs on his chest.
Greg also felt he had overreacted and smiles sheepishly. The cause of his cousin’s violent death was perhaps a wild animal and since they were miles away from the spot there were hardly any chances of a similar occurrence here, that too in their own residential street. “Yeah, sure,” he said, “Take your time. I’ll be waiting up for you!” Mycroft gave him a hug and stepped out. The moon was only a thin crescent shape in the skies and often hid behind some thick clouds. It was a very still night with not much breeze. The leaves on the trees were unnaturally still too, not even the night owl hooted. It felt unnatural even to a strong-nerved and superstition-free man like Mycroft Holmes.
“YES, THE TRUTH!”
“Jim Moriarty? How did he…..”
“Have you called and told Sherlock?” Celeste, one of the women, asked enthusiastically, “You two make such a cute pair! Do send us some photographs.”
The dining room, richly decorated with pastel shades on the walls, plenty of wood paneling and satiny drapes in a royal blue color, echoed with the laughter and chatter of the group that sat at the expensive glass and mahogany dinner table. A five course meal was being served by the butler, perfect crystal ware and silverware gracing the table top, those eating just as immaculately dressed.
The situation was further compromised when I made a second attempt to initiate sex with John and was told I was incompetent at home and tried to mask that by pretending to be the alpha male.
“I think you can show him around the house darling,” John suggested, “Not the right time to explore the outdoors Jim. It’s raining cats and dogs and umbrellas and raincoats are not going to be of any help at all.”
John looked sharply at Sherlock who immediately made a placating statement. “I do not show my face,” he said with a sheepish grin, “I do that as a favor to her and also to study the female psyche. Does a male genitalia do the same thing to the female species as a pair of boobs do for some men who are……..Oh look there, mummy is stalking daddy!”
“Very well. You talk when you are ready.”
, that I have started a blog after your little incident a week ago? No? Okay, I am telling you now. It’s a blog called ‘Sherlock Holmes, and The Science of Deduction’. On that I have started summarizing and outlining the details of your cases, starting with the very first one we solved together. I have updated one of your past cases too, since Lestrade gave me the details from some Scotland Yard files. In just five days the website has got a million hits and the net and some tabloids are buzzing with the news of a
some commitment that was not work-related and which
He was already being shoved into the car, in the passenger’s seat. Ben had moved to the backseat by then.
When all other attempts to soothe him had failed, John had chosen to calm him down by the only way he knew – make slow, gentle and passionate love to him. With the first few kisses and caresses Sherlock had indeed calmed down and when John prepared him, he was almost back to normal. With the first thrust of his entrance, John had not just claimed his body but also his soul and the tears were back in Sherlock’s eyes, still, this time around he felt stronger and abler in terms of coping with his reality.
Jim Moriarty, the man in question, turned and jumped on to Sherlock who fell back against the tiled wall with a thud. “Beware,” Jim snickered, “You never know when these rich folks suddenly go all bipolar on you. People who’ve never struggled for a day in their lives, oddballs.”
Century Tech-Wizards’ and the signage was prominently displayed right at the main gate as well as on the building where the company occupied the entire third floor. After hesitating for a full fifteen minutes Sherlock finally managed to get into the elevator and head for the designated floor. “Excuse me,” said a well-dressed gentleman standing next to him, “But if I am not mistaken, you won the GQ ‘Look of the Week’ last week?”
Sherlock sniffed at the tea when he knew John was not looking, then started to sip it slowly. John also sipped his tea and for a while there was a comfortable silence in the room. They were both naked and Sherlock noted with glee that John didn’t have an erection. The experiment, though accidental, was a success. John was fine, the pills were as potent as he wanted them to be and he had had great sex and cum more than nine times the previous day and night. John had been the invincible stag, the alpha wolf or the testosterone-driven top that had bred him thoroughly. Talk about having your cake and eating it too.
“Bastard,” he growled, “He won’t get away with this.” Just then he saw his phone lying beside him and on the screen showed the last photograph he had taken. The same Sherlock. A second later Sherlock made an appearance before him, in person.
“Seeing is believing,” John huffed.
Phil startled, “Sherlock’s life is in danger? But we have no reason to believe so…..”
They kissed and Sherlock turned his head and looked into John’s face. “I never thought I would ever find romance or love in my life. It turned out that my first romance turned out to be the romance of a lifetime and the very first man I fancied turned out to be the love of my life.”
She reached out and took his hand in her grasp, giving it a brief and gentle squeeze. “I wanted to tell you this a long time ago, as soon as the second week of your stay here, but I thought it’s best if we hold it off for a while longer and wait and watch. I observed very closely as well as from a distance and noticed three major things. John was a happier person from the very first day, as if he had someone finally whom he could share his life, empty hours and unspoken secrets with. You seemed to settle in so easily, you just fitted in like a glove over the hand, as if tailor-made for it. Finally, John appears to have fallen in love, something he vowed he would never allow himself to ever go down that path….”
“The last bit,” Mike said, grinning and shaking his head when Sherlock finally stopped his spiel, “That was no deduction Sherlock. I told you that this morning when we met.” Blue eyes twinkled but Sherlock kept his expression serious, “A bit of fluff is okay, I think. Anyways, there is a flat I have earmarked, it’s spacious and in good condition, in a prime location too. We can share that one. Rent will be real low because it belongs to my nanny.”
For a few seconds he blacked out. When he came to, he was sitting on the rug covered floor and Mrs. Hudson and Stacy were was hurrying towards him. “You alright?” She asked, “What are you doing here?” John looked at her blankly. “She’s dead but she shouldn’t have been here,” he murmured before he returned to his own senses and looked around, confused.
“Political chess set, really good,” Reginald was quite excited, “Even the box is so elegant, hand-carved and shaped like a chest! Very innovative and interesting! I wanted a chess-set like this for a while. Perfect gift Sherlock.”
Sherlock meets his maker.... the one who set him up for this 'role' of hired bridegroom.
“I mean, he will ride me…. I mean ride with me.”
“Nah Sebby baby,” Jim cooed, breaking off half of the biscotti and offering it to Sebastian who almost popped Jim’s finger into his mouth while accepting the treat. “Don’t be afraid Sherlylocks,” Jim said in his sing-song voice, putting his feet right up on the brunette’s lap, “Sebby is a bit possessive about me. For a good reason too! You see babe, I am his goldmine and that’s all thanks to you!!! He needs the same thing from John as what we need – Money, money, more money, still more money, plenty of money, lots of money…. Ha, haha!!!”
“One month paid vacation. Two days off every week, mostly Sundays and Mondays. Senior surgeons get the Saturday-Sunday combination but once a month or so even you should get that. But everyone has to be open to attending to emergencies, irrespective of the day. The Hippocratic oath must always be applied.”
“You do know how therapy and counseling work, don’t you? We don’t suggest plans and formula to any of our patients. Our job is to help them discover themselves, to find their own solutions, to figure out workarounds. I will be the last person to tell you to do or not do things. All I am asking is that you keep an open mind and try not to thinking homosexuality is a bad thing and being attracted to a man is something to be ashamed of.”
“Cope yes, someday I have to…. with someone like you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He had clearly made a huge mistake telling her that because she saw it as a way to start an endless monologue.
“Jeez,” John murmured, “Sounds like a death-knell.”
“Don’t you have any other family members?” Sherlock asked him sharply.
“Don’t know Ranger. We are just as shocked.”
“Oh John, whoever sold you this junk? I hope you haven’t paid the full amount yet.”
She colored, “I-I am sorry, I just went off like a bullet train huh?”
Anthea was sure she was trying to speak but she was numb all over. This was a moment she was ill-prepared for. Though they were in the countryside they weren’t in some forest or wilderness and the place was not known for larger animals. This was not an odd fox or some overgrown critter, it was something far more sinister and powerful. It was straight out of a horror movie which one would get jump scares in. Except that jump scares in real life froze people to the bone. She couldn’t speak, her tongue refused to move.
Oh yes, he had
Molly appeared to be very alarmed but she couldn’t stop her friend no matter how many reservations she had. “What?” Irene gave her a slightly surprised look, “I am not going to hear protests and objections to my plans?” Molly shook her head with a smile and said, “I am not entirely crazy my dear. While my fears do hold me back and in some ways I allow my conscience to play a bigger role than what it should, thereby impacting my judgement, but I am not some idiot who doesn’t see things the way they are. Something is seriously wrong there and if you have found some kind of insight then you must act on it. I won’t begrudge you the move. But I am sorry, I can’t help either. I am not really strong enough to do that.”
For the next three days he had been in bed, sick with a cold and flu. Anyone would have considered him crazy but John felt it was the most natural thing to do.
“Baby please,” John insisted, smiling, “Not a lecture right now.”
“Great,” she smiled, shaking his hand warmly, her eyes lighting up, “Thank you. I wish you both the very best and hope you two are very happy and fulfilled.”
“So you let him go?”
“All right, if I have to spell it all out,” Sebastian chugged back his second drink and reached for a plate of fish and chips, “I am not the ‘committing and settling down’ kinds. Jim is not someone who can be managed by me, someone who is not at par with him intellectually. So we agreed on a middle path, something that works for both of us. Mycroft was sending him feelers and he responded to them agreeably, we saw a potential of a romance…..but more important than that, a relationship that could last forever. Believe me, had I been in a long term and exclusive relationship with Jim he would have either blown me up, turned me into shoes or had himself committed somewhere.”
It contained three books. A big fat book about the world, with pictures. The second one was for beginner magicians and tricks they could easily learn. The third one was a collection of whodunit stories. Sherlock loved all of them immensely and hugged them to his chest.
“Who are you to test me exactly? And what do you mean a possible attack? The last time I checked, these kinds of attacks don’t really happen to regular, normal people.”
It was then that something exploded right next to their bed and John jumped back with a loud ‘Jesus Christ’, pulling Sherlock back along with himself. “So that’s where the bomb was,” Sherlock murmured, still half-asleep. “What the fuck….how did this….” John rasped, staring at the ball of smoke that had emerged from the innocuous looking pair of trousers that Sherlock had discarded on the floor, apparently that was where the bomb had been planted.
Sherlock giggled, “What do you think they’d assume? That we are having sex and more sex?”
“Oh no brother mine, she has no family. In fact she has but no one else would support her in this situation. They think she is of unsound mind and hence might be harmful or disturbing to their children or their visitors. Imagine that, abandoning an eighty year old woman just because she had a breakdown six months ago and had to be committed on a short term for treatment.”
“Mycroft, you’re overreacting.”
John Watson hates being called 'petite'
“I am very sorry sir, the bottle slipped out of my hands because of the moisture on the outer surface,,” the waiter was very contrite as he addressed John with regret and remorse in his voice,
“Do you even know me?!?! Huh!!”
Sherlock balked.
“Okay, let’s take this step by step,” the tall suited fellow said in a whisper, “Yes, I am Mycroft Holmes. Thomas Mycroft Chad Holmes, elder brother of William Sherlock Scot Holmes.”
“Then should we go somewhere else? I mean, I do have a good place to recommend today, my own house!”
“I am not vacating this house,” Sherlock said, “Just wanted you to know. Goodnight.”
“Was that reported to the cops?”
Silently thanking Sherlock for this rather unconventional move he carried the detective towards it and tossed him down on the sleeping bags kept inside. Two of them had been strapped together to make a single one and it served John’s purpose just fine. In a flash he had taken his cock out and held it temptingly before Sherlock who moaned, licked his lips and opened his mouth wide to take the fully erect huge cock inside his wet oral cavern.
Sherlock just made a gurgling sound at the back of his throat as he watched John cum with the intensity of a hurricane and shudder so hard that he accidentally pulled out before he had stopped cumming and let one ungraceful shot hit Sherlock’s hairs. Sherlock would have made a face if he hadn’t been so overcome that his own need for release had overruled all else. Waiting there for John had been tough enough, now to watch him climax like that while not even having a hand free to pleasure himself, that really hit Sherlock hard. “Oh-Oh….Jawn,” he gasped, thrusting up into nothing but air, “I-I need…..”
“Yeah and you said you were married to your work.”
“Now?”
With John settled and now a father and Mary Morstan by his side, Mycroft living with Greg Lestrade, Molly engaged to a good looking and smart young doctor and Jim and he married for a year, he wanted to put a tick against Irene’s name too.
“I-I am very sorry Mr. Holmes….”
“Not in the mood, is it? Do you want me to be in the tub? I could let you sit here alone, if you so wish baby.”
“No Sally. I have made my choice. It must be a totally obscure, unknown person. This fellow works in the theater. It’s early days yet but a simple Google search will still show his results.”
“Breakfast can wait,” Sherlock said, giving John a strange look, “Listen Jawn, I think by now everyone in this house and a couple of my friends already know what’s happening and that our relationship isn’t strictly ‘friendship-based’ or the ‘Benefactor and Beneficiary’ types. They know we are a lot closer and since we
“Rosalie passed. John told me she breathed her last in her sleep and about an hour and half ago someone found out. Most likely it was her nurse. The doctor confirmed it too. There was nothing they could do to bring her back.”
It was almost dawn. The two beasts sat side by side under the huge statue of the feline deity, the Pagan and feared God and his shrine, where their curse started a decade ago. As the skies lit up, they found themselves changing. Paws retracted to become hands, claws receded to normal nails, furry coats turned to skin with normal human hair follicles and their overall shape and form turned human. Their shadows had fallen across the rocks at the feet of the deity and as those turned to human forms, with arms and legs and an upright posture, a sudden gust of wind swept past them, very much like the realization that scorched through their souls.
He felt an immediately pulsating begin in his arse and John’s thrusts getting harder, faster but irregular. “Fuck,” the older man was shaking all over, overcome with a need for release, “Fuck Sherlock…. My baby boy!!!” He started stroking him harder to help him cum, hoping to hold on till that happened. But orgasm swept through him right away and he let out an epic roar of pleasure, hips moving uncontrollably and his head turning from side to side. Warmth hit Sherlock’s insides and triggered his orgasm.
“Help…. Help me with my ankle,” Sebastian begged.
Thank you for reading this series and also this rant. You may not agree with all or most of it, but this is how I feel. Just letting you know why I, like several authors before me, chose to take off the comments option.
. I just peeped inside, I didn’t do anything really. If
“We-we failed man, we failed to do what we were supposed to do. We showed our backs like true cowards and ran. Bloody hell man. We failed them, they are now….. unstoppable….. we are the ones responsible for this. I blame me.”
They stayed silent for a few seconds after which Greg said ruefully, “We have to investigate the watch shop and find out who this person
“John,” Mary introduced, “This is Sherlock. Sherlock, John.”
Taking a deep breath he asked, “What do you
Sherlock merely grunted, concentrating on his ship and sitting on the rug on the floor now. He looked delighted as a child and busy as a toddler who had just received its first set of building blocks. He took out a detachable mask and put it back again, then took out the wheel and put it back again. His back was turned to the door and he didn’t even notice John pick up his phone and slip out into the hallway.
John’s fate was sealed with those signatures and with Greg Lestrade taking a personal interest in the case, which coincidentally related back to his attraction towards Sherlock. But of that, no one knew anything aside from the duo from Scotland Yard.
“John Watson?”
“Um…..no one really.”
Sherlock could see John’s voice was hoarse too, his eyes were red and he gripped the edge of the table real hard to stay upright.
“Surely not. He’s calling and texting me constantly.”
?’ before he said a bit deliberately ‘Oh,
It was the same man they had seen in Sherlock’s house. Of course he looked slightly different because he was in better circumstances and had less worries and confusion on his visage and his eyes respectively. The John Doe they had known was scared, lost, timid. This man John Watson was a dashing, confident, debonair gent who was well-adjusted and knew exactly where he was going.
“John, Sebastian,” Mycroft introduced them, “This is Eurus, Sherlock and my sister and the middle sibling. That’s Siobhan, Jim’s elder sister. You know Greg of course.”
“Tea and spaghetti with tomato-garlic-basil sauce?”
“He is a kind and good soul, very clever and witty and interesting,” the professor of medical sciences jabbered on as he treated John to a nice rice and curry lunch at a nearby café down the street, “He knows about a lot of things. Talk architecture and he will give you deep insights into several past eras as well as all types of constructions happening in the world right now. Talk sports and he will rattle off the names of all Wimbledon winners starting from the year the championship was invented. Talk music and he will tell you all about the famous composers and players down the years, from Paganini to Beethoven, Shostakovich to David Garrett. He plays the violin very well, in fact he’s so good that he could have easily become a music teacher at a leading private school.”
Sherlock looked at his phone. Jim Moriarty was texting.
“Still, I should check if I have everything,” John took three steps back as they stood on the porch of the Holmes mansion while a bemused security officer looked on from a distance, “Let me see, I have the pearls and Hermes purse for your mother, the Rolex for your dad, diamond cufflinks for Mycroft and a golden tie pin for Greg with his name inscribed in tiny diamonds embedded on it…. Hey, is this even enough? I mean, I should have got a bottle of Dom Perignon at least. Will they think you are about to marry a stingy miser who cuts corners…. Maybe we should go back, shop for some more stuff and return?”
“Yeah, finally we were able to spend the whole night together,” Sherlock said blissfully. He didn’t tell John how Jim and he had immaculately planned this by drugging and leaving a couple of animals in a narrow lane behind the inn. At night once they had made love, they had to wait until their men were asleep to go and sneak out for the usual kill. Thanks to that, for the next twelve hours or so they would be safe and wouldn’t change form. Morning sex, which was almost a distant dream for them, was finally a reality. Sherlock’s eyes glowed with post-coital bliss.
Sherlock reluctantly let go and walked away and John watched his dreams crumble, for another day.
“For the records she didn’t tell me anything. But I….I knew. I found out. I had known all along. I was never convinced that…..forget it.”
“Your duty is NOT this. You want to destroy your younger brother. You can’t do this to him or to James. He too is a son to us and like a brother to you.”
Both villas were near identical designs, except for Jim’s house which had a couple of attic rooms and a bathroom on the third level and a servant’s quarter behind the house where their butler and cook lived. Sherlock’s house had an outhouse too, but that was his brother’s home office. He was the local ranger there. Next to the outhouse were two cottages, where his coworkers lived, separated from the main villa by a picket fence.
Sherlock knew a bit of this already about the man whose arms he lay in. The loneliness, the lack of family members, the fact that he was haunted by his mom’s death. The rest he had no clue about. But John was opening up, just like Jim had hinted earlier, and this pillow talk was becoming the most revealing conversation they ever had.
The food tasted delicious. Buttery scrambled eggs with crumbled cheese, little bits of scallion, a hint of black pepper. Sausages fried golden brown. Crispy bacon strips. Toasts smothered with butter and jam. Hot chocolate. It was all perfect as the two men sat eating in the quiet kitchen, the even quieter backdrop of the overall darkened house acting as the perfect setting. Ben had taken his food to his room, realizing they needed some privacy. As Sherlock suggestively licked his finger when he fed him, John felt a gasp leave his throat and was forced to address his feelings right there and then.
Eventually he got me all the ingredients and also gave me several sheets of paper with his name written on it.
“Yes I do.”
“Oh, I thought you came to the sight of me all open and stretched around your fingers.”
He hears Sherrinford’s voice whisper into the quiet.  “Goodnight, lad.”
Sherlock groans through a mouthful of chips.
Sherlock answers without stopping what he is doing.  “Ah, yes, a bit.  There was a minor incident with the Bunsen burner and what I had
John has a strong neck, and the tapered, silvering curve of his hair never fails to fill Sherlock up with enormous, indescribable
"Get to fuck," she fires back.
wrapped up in a spare uniform shirt to school one day and elephantine Nathan Thatcher crunched it up under his untied oxfords and called him a freak, shoved him hard until he overbalanced and fell with a whump into the schoolyard dirt.
The phone disappears back into his coat pocket and his eyes meet John’s again.  The man’s eye contact is all or nothing; he is either glancing around at everyone and everything that is not John, or looking directly into his soul.  He winks, of all things, and ducks down to pick up the violin case.
He flips up his free hand in acknowledgement, tosses out a friendly "Cheers, mate," and doesn't look back.
“John, I--”
Blue.  Blue.  Blue.
John can feel it, physically, the energy pouring out of him and into Sherlock and out of Sherlock and back into him, like a closed circuit, electricity endlessly cycling through them both.  Stunning.  He's so
'The Cheesy Chap.' I'm just stating fact.”
Sherlock hums and melts into the bench as John traces his fingertips up and down his inner thigh and gives him another, warmer squeeze.
It’s a pleasing object, certainly.  Sherlock is a great cataloguer of things.  Everything, absolutely everything, can be ranked, filed, placed into perfect order.  Six is a far nicer number than seven, for instance.  Hot drinks are infinitely preferable to cold ones.  ‘R’ is a lovely letter, while ‘V’ is uncomfortable and sparse.  ‘Atlantic,’ never ‘Pacific.’  The cello is soothing, but the flute makes him want to plug up his ears and scream.
But John plays football with the other boys.
There is warmth absolutely coursing through him, like he's just downed another drink.
John flops down on the blanket with an arm behind his head.  “I read in a book once how to use the North Star to navigate.”
When John returns, Sherlock takes the lid from him and sets it on the closed lunch basket.  “Watch.”  He slips the needle and cork carefully onto the water.  It spins gently.  It stops north.
“Oh god,” he says, his voice low, hoarse with distress.  He sweeps the hand back through his curly mess of hair.  His eyes are resolutely avoiding John’s now, darting around the ceiling of the station. “That’s how I’ve come across to you.”
He wants a shag badly.  He's aroused down to the very tips of his fingers, even though he literally couldn't get hard right now to save his life, not after the six (seven? Heavy pours, in any case) vodka-Red Bulls, but he
.  1869.  Oil on canvas.  Blue.  Perfect.
John feels his jaw tighten again. The instinct is to stutter, lie. He wants to deny and deflect, wants to rage and lose his temper, wants to punch the man in the mouth for the careless way he says it.  John keeps filed away in his head a figurative non-disclosure agreement regarding his circumstances.  He does not talk about it; he doesn’t so much as think about it, most days, and now he has had his contract stolen from him and destroyed, burned, shredded into so many tiny pieces in a crowded Underground station.
-Gustave Flaubert,
sorry.”
“You tell me!” John is shouting again.  His left hand shakes, violently.  “You tell me.  Did you want me to come back to yours with you? Or was I just meant to suck you off in an alley?!”
He turns his head and stares at the bedroom wall, not able to look at her.  The residual endorphins suddenly fully faded, he feels like his bollocks might crawl right up inside him and never come out again.
Sherlock shrugs.  “It seemed appropriate.”
Sherlock realises he has missed something rather relevant.
“Sorry?”
“She, who?”
He says, “I won’t burn the flat down.”
. He can't go home. There's a rather tall, stupendously drunk man swaying about in front of his food truck, and he is blocking most of the sidewalk in all of his staggering. The door, too. Escaping anytime soon seems improbable.
The commuters in the station pass him by with harried steps.  John covets the paper cups of coffee they clutch in their hands, but doesn't bother to dig in his pockets for spare change he knows isn't there. Coffee would probably go down poorly on an empty stomach anyway, he reasons.  He missed dinner last night, and there’s been no breakfast yet this morning.  Still, caffeine sounds like heaven.  There are bags under his eyes so deep he can feel them.
John’s mouth drops open and he tips his head skyward in exasperation.
Sherlock's voice dips to a growl. A slurring growl. “You
As he stands with his cane in the doorway, catching his breath from the climb, a familiar smell catches his notice.
There’s a clinking of bottles and a shuffling of what sounds like brown butcher’s paper.  Sherlock smiles into the blanket at the delight in his friend’s voice.  Friend.  Dream friend, imaginary friend.  Friend, all the same.  John hasn’t gone away, and so Sherlock has had to make his peace with his intrusion here.  “I don’t like ginger beer.  It hurts my mouth.”  His breath turns the blanket humid under his chin as he speaks.
The contents of the lunch basket rustle once more and the tension on the blanket shifts with the weight of several objects being placed next to his head.  Sherlock blinks his eyes open and finds his field of vision crowded by a sleeve of store-bought digestives and a jar of strawberry jam.
“You're mocking me.”
There.  The sweep of Sherlock’s ridiculous long coat catches his eye; punctual today.  Good, John thinks; he appreciates people being on-time, and his temper doesn’t need any more feeding right now.  He starts across the floor towards him.  He is squeezing the t-handle of his cane with white knuckles.
There’s a nudge against his shoulder and he blinks at John, who is looking at him with a raised eyebrow and a close-mouthed smile.  “There you are.”  He shoves a pair of biscuits sandwiched around jam into Sherlock’s fingers.  “Go on and eat, genius.”
He says nothing else aloud, but John hears what he's telling him anyway.
“Sherlock, why are you drunk? And, why are you here?”
“No, and no.”
After a moment, it’s all he can see.
“I've made you an awful sandwich.”
Instead, she takes another sip of tea and nods at him.  "Nice shirt."
“No, no, no. You work in it, and it is called 'The Cheesy Chap.' It's...” A pause, as though heis thinking over his next words. “It's absurd, John. Preposss. Preposterous. 'The Cheesy Chap.' What does that even mean? Are
"John!"
Sherlock crouches to examine a shard of bottle-green sea glass nestled into the stones.  “You’re right, throwing rocks at innocent fish would be a far more worthwhile pastime.”  He pockets the glass after a moment and looks up at the other boy, observing the sandy mud smeared over his hands and forearms, the gooseflesh raised on his bare skin.  “Why aren’t you wearing your jumper?”
He says nothing for a long minute while she sits and goes mad with the urge to break the silence.
John has blue eyes, dark like the oily break of the sea.
"Tell me something I don't know about you," she says, having barely caught her breath.  She nudges his hip again.
"John?"
John is familiar with the care and handling of drunk people. Such is the lot of someone who grows up with a family of alcoholics.
, and everything is
Afternoon tea becomes a regularity, another bright bit of routine in John’s otherwise unstructured day-to-day existence.  Sherlock invites him round at least twice a week, sits him down in the armchair, hands him cups of tea and sandwiches and cartons of takeaway and packets of biscuits.
Sherlock did you even hear what I said?"  Sherlock processes exactly nothing of this, but he nods and parrots back John’s words precisely and the subject is dropped.
John curses and walks to the door, opening it gently to avoid striking his would-be intruder with it. Sherlock steps back and sways on the spot, huffing with annoyance and staring at the sky.
, and when he ducks his head to the left, lets his gaze fall for a moment on the chewing, smiling profile of Sherlock's handsome face, curls plastered back off his forehead with mingled sweat and hair product, he thinks he's not alone in that.
But why is it perfect?
She tips a quarter bottle of HP sauce over her entire fry and enjoys the familiar nauseated expression that crosses her brother's face as he watches her do it.
On the fifth day, the green light indicating an unread message is blinking on his mobile when he wakes.  ‘Made it in safely, thanks.  What’s the case? Flat still standing?’ Sherlock punches out a response immediately.  ‘Already solved the case, nevermind.  Flat not burnt down.  I told you it wouldn’t be. -SH’ His stomach feels a bit lighter.  They text back and forth through most of the day.  After it seems John has fallen asleep, Sherlock taps out one more message.  ‘I miss you.  Come back.  -SH’ send.  He goes to bed.  He sleeps.  He wakes up to the blinky green light again.  ‘I miss you too.  Be home soon.  One more week.’
She doesn't tell him he's just been hiding, really, that he's always been there underneath, exactly as he is.  Same as she's been hiding herself away in liter bottles of Everyday Value vodka all these years.
The bruise there throbs so forcefully that he wakes.
"Go on," she says, and reaches for the ketchup.
Sherlock freezes and stares at Mycroft’s reddened face.  He huffs in breaths.  He hadn’t realized he’d been making any noise at all.  The dress is gone, and he feels all wrong inside.
John registers that that ought to sound strange, but he is starting to understand that nearly everything Sherlock says sounds a bit strange.  His word choice lacks that certain polish of social courtesy.  So far as John can tell, the other man is bluntly honest in all things, whether it’s situationally appropriate or not.  It’s refreshing.  John can feel his guard starting to slip when he’s around him.
“However, not always do those manips and mixes are done for harmless reasons. I am aware they’re done with malicious intentions as well and sometimes with such accurate methodologies and fabulous touch-ups that one can be truly deceived by the altered photo and think ‘Oh my husband really bedded that woman’ or ‘My God, that lady really is naked in the pool’. But here you see, original pics, they are nothing like they have been portrayed in the altered photos. That woman was in a different room and this man in a different room. That lady in the water is actually wearing a two-piece. Anyways, there are the two photos which were amalgamated, using our systems and software and special effects, to make a single consolidated picture of a couple.”
“One case in a million,” Mycroft sighed, “Excuse me. I have to go. Hope she recovers soon.”
“God you’re so sexy Sherl, ssssso sexxxyyy!” he drawled as he tried to thrust up into that hot mouth and get more of the wicked tongue on the sensitive head but with his current position he couldn’t help himself much. Sherlock called the shots and drew it out just like John himself liked to do whenever he was in charge. “Ohhhh-Oh,” John’s hips jerked up as Sherlock grabbed his balls and began massaging them in an erotic and unbearable rhythm, cradling and rolling the sizeable jewels between his fingers and palm. “Please,” John started to beg, gone past that point where he could be patient and hold on, “I’m getting too close…. Honey!”
“Did I…. Did I hurt your arm…..???” John panted, “You okay?”
Sherlock remained silent; Jim knew him well so that was the truest statement he had heard in a while. The two men just sat on their beds at 1 am, holding the phones to their ears, blankets over their heads so they wouldn’t be heard nor seen if someone stepped in the room.
“Is there grilled carrots and peas with it?”
” Agatha said, concluding the story, “But the incident that happened three years ago took place a good sixty years after the previous incident way back during the Second World War era. It might not be connected to the legend and then, no one living has seen the legend come true with their own eyes after all.”
“What happened?” John snarled, now sounding disgusted with Sherlock’s silence, “Cat caught your tongue? Want me to spell it all out? I thought you were a bit better and cleverer than that dear Sherlock.”
Sherlock blushed slightly. Actually he blushed rather easily, his pale and smooth skin acquiring that roseate color whenever John said something complimentary or something with a sexual innuendo hidden within it. Often John made such comments out of the blue, just to see the colors flush those exquisite cheekbones.
With a yelp Sherlock joined their mouths together and John carried him to the guest room downstairs, throwing him on the bed and ripping off his clothes. He took off most of his own before Sherlock took care of the rest and he was lying there naked and right on top of the man he so loved and wanted, despite all the dangers that stared him in the face.
Sally grinned and shook John’s hand, congratulating him. The other man morosely walked away, as if he had just lost his girlfriend and not a car deal. Charles Culverton watched from a distance and grinned from ear to ear. “Well done Sal, more power to you and a fat commission too. One more lamb bites the dust today.”
very well, “May I get the bathrobe for you sir,” he pleaded with Sherlock, “Forgive me sir, I am very sorry for this. I shall get your suit dry cleaned. The two hours service for our special guests, absolutely free of cost. If you just give me your clothes right now I promise shall return them to you by the time dinner is over.”
. In any case he needed to get to his gun and place himself in a position of advantage. He knew
“Stay right there doctor.”
“Ah I see now what this is about,” Sherlock took out his notebook and pen, “This is a case and you want me to find out which of the jealous cunts around stole your expensive Dior or Gucci dress, right?”
Jim had left London and England after their showdown, faking his demise and starting a new web somewhere else. But he had been in touch with Sherlock always and the detective found that he actually liked Jim as long as their interests and paths didn’t clash. The man was funny and witty and cute too, until he had started taunting Sherlock mercilessly about his single status and failed love life.
“Wait….I will get you out but….hey, unless you wanna climb out that window.”
“Oh, hello Greg. Thanks. Can you ask the housekeeping attendant on this shift to serve two cups of Cappuccino in my cabin. Come on Greg, this way please.”
There were a thousand things on John’s mind that he wanted to quote as reasons for not doing this. But his feet took him to the bed and his hand went automatically towards the bedside lamp, to turn it out.
John seeks some counsel
“Who the fuck are you?” He snapped, not very amused.
thing I am asking for, to meet Sherlock Holmes.”
“Oh, you mean you’re not him?!”
“Now-Now,
When the moment arrived and washed over him like a tsunamic wave, John temporarily forgot everything he had learned and known in this world. Clutching at the spasming body of his lover, their souls truly soaring and merging as one entity, their spirits joyous and somewhere up and beyond the clouds, he let himself get carried away by the amazing sensation of cumming inside the man he so loved!
Greg gave John a glance and John smiled, nodded and mouthed ‘Watch me’. He walked straight up to Neil’s desk and stood hovering over him like a hawk watching its prey. Unnerved, Neil paused the game and stood up, realizing John meant business. “Neil, what do you usually do when Mike or Charles call you? Don’t you go to their cabin or at least turn and give them proper attention? Don’t you?” When Neil nodded and several of his neighbors in the bullpen stopped their work to watch the proceedings. Clearly that put Neil even more in the corner, where he had trapped himself. John didn’t raise his voice, he simply spoke more emphatically, stressing on all the words. “This is called respect for the individual Neil, this is deserved by everyone working in this office and not only those whom you consider as ‘the bosses’.”
“So is mine,” shot back Janet, scowling at her cousin.
Mary exhaled slowly, “I know. She was a good person. Very fair, generous and intelligent. A very strong woman with a remarkable zest of life and a dry sense of humor. I am so sorry.”
“Never mind.”
When he re-entered the flat, the spot occupied by Sherlock was empty. Exhaustion must have finally made him hit the sack. “Hey,” he called out, “I’ll clean the room in the morning, okay?”
“Yeah and that’s why we are so badly needed there. To investigate and spot the clues. As I always say…..”
Moments later they saw a splatter of blood on the floor and even though the actual mauling was out of their sight, the sounds of that man’s screams and the panther’s hissing and snarling left no room for imagination. They could actually ‘see’ this happen.
Molly nodded in agreement, “Sally’s car is what we have today so hers please.” Sally quipped, “What should we tell him if he asks why you didn’t drop by or call him?”
“I like it too,” John kissed his brow tenderly, “But I can’t do it soft baby. I need to do it hard.”
“Not the entire night but will be with these guys until 1:30 am,” replied the inspector, now and then stealing glances at Mycroft through the corner of his eye, “Which is another hour and half or so. We are not a huge team here, just twenty people at the station, besides me. Five of them are backend staff, receptionist, secretary, IT support and two forensic specialists who do the autopsies and help us interpret on the spot evidence. That leaves only a little over a dozen officers to manage a town that is over thirty square miles, a population of seven thousand and nine hundred and an average of five thousand tourists and travelers passing through each day.”
Sally put down her bowl of salad and gave both men a sour look. She lit a cigarette and crossed the room, going to stand before the window. “I am sorry, I don’t mean to be a bitch but I am not used to seeing THE Superintendent Lestrade in such a pathetic condition. We have worked as a trio for 10 years now – ever since you and I were constables and he was a detective inspector. We have shared not only perils and success but also joys and disappointments, ups and downs of all kinds. Any man would be fucking pleased to be with you but this fellow…. I understand he is very good looking but…. C’mon, our Gregory is not just ‘anyone’ either, is he? Admit it chief, whatever you are doing in this case….. you are taking it to a personal level. That John might not be any problem at all and yet…..”
“Feels like a full house after a long time,” she said, declaring a movie night for all.
Realization dawned on John and he swallowed, his throat had gone dry. How the hell had he not seen this before? How blind and stupidly selfish had he been! Of course Sherlock deserved better. Better than him at least. What was he – an amnesiac with no past and no bearings?
“I have no idea why I am showing you all this,” John sighed, “But I would like you to see more of her. We left everything the same way since her….. demise.”
Stop your crowing and watch the rice, get me a cup of tea and watch the wizard at work.”
“I am sure it will, thanks again.”
The cars drew in under the huge portico on which there was a beautiful terrace with potted plants, canopies and patio furniture. Sherlock would have looked on in awe at it had it not been for Greg introducing him to the staff. There were twenty of them, starting from the valet/butler and head housekeeper to a team if cooks, cleaners, errands boys and girls, gardeners, grounds keepers and even the estate’s own and dedicated plumber and electrician. Sherlock maintained an absolutely straight face as he was introduced as the ‘master’s’ fiancé and gracefully accepted the warm welcome extended towards him by the group of retainers who were immediately on their toes to tend to every need of his.
“Is that what?” Sherlock handed John the keys, “The other set is with your new housekeeper, Caroline. She is inside, cooking some lunch for you.”
Sherlock stood at the bus stop, staring listlessly at the bleak, gray surroundings. It had been pissing down with rain since the night before and if the weather was not depressing enough, he had just heard more depressing news. Henry, his only friend, was going away for a fortnight for work. Victor, the only colleague he got along and sometimes lunched with had also sent him a message stating he was taking some time off. He was getting engaged to his Eva.
What if things go wrong? What if I can’t do it properly? What if I only provoke him to attack me back? What if this is the last time we are together? What if that old man was wrong and only talking some hearsay bullshit and this was really not a ‘remedy’? He was so lost in his thoughts that he got quite the start when the car came to a sudden and slightly sharp halt.
The next reaction from the stranger was quite unexpected. He shook Sherlock’s hand and introduced himself, “Mike Stamford.”
“No, at least I am beginning to see a motive now. Guess what it is?”
“Oh my God,” Eugenia rushed towards her son. Magda, who disliked the doctor just as much, calmly got up and said, “I’ll go get an ice cream for my grandson.”
“You think we could do that?”
“All for you, only you,” John said with a flourish of both arms as he ushered Sherlock out of the elevators and into the super-luxury marble foyer. There were mirrors and expensive teakwood paneling, parquet and Italian tile finishing everywhere.
He immediately changed directions and came back down using the stairs, only to find Sherlock chatting happily with another man. He stepped closer, a bit taken aback, staring into the back of the other man’s head.
At that point Greg, Sally and Phil lost all respect for the man and wrapped up the meeting as quickly as they could. When the man left, Greg snorted, “He was supposed to help only on one thing – calling some officers from Scotland Yard. I worked there, I know some pretty good people there. But no, there he says, ‘It’s not necessary, let’s not create a big hoo-ha over this’. He just wants to shush the whole matter up.”
“Are we all set?”
was real.
Sherlock shrugged, trying hard to recollect facts, “Not really. I think it was a case of pure theft and intrusion. She had a valuable gem you know, which she gifted me only hours before she died. With a proper written declaration and all that. Maybe someone knew and wanted to take that away from her. Here, I have it with me. Take a look and I am sure you’ll agree with me that something like this could bring people to murder.” He produced the gem and everyone near instantly agreed that he was right, this could be a strong motive for theft. “Maybe the murder happened quite by accident,” Sherlock said, “She woke up and the thief didn’t want the alarm to be sounded by her screams, getting caught afterwards….. or even spotted by anyone.”
Sherlock was not entirely ready for John and felt him even more.
“Sure,” John stood up, thanked both of them and noticed the agitated look on Julia’s face, before he turned on his heel and left the room. He visited the washroom and was looking for the coffee machine when he saw a very familiar face down the corridor. “Hey Molly!”
Greg took the gifts in his hands and smiled at the appropriateness and taste. The first was an elegant gentleman’s umbrella, super-size with a hand-carved wooden handle that ended in a wolf head. The other was a set of three books on basic magic, beekeeping, terrace gardening and one fat book which had four biographies curated and combined, all of them of renowned violinists and composers from the past. Paganini, Bach, Yehudi Menuhin and Beethoven. “Good, excellent, apt,” he smiled and heard the audible sigh of relief from his charge, “These are his interests and you had plenty of time to absorb those little hints and clues while watching him from a close distance. So you put your instincts and observations to good use and I am pleased to see the results.”
“Good idea, birds and fish would be perfect, one in a cage and the other in a tank,” Jim said brightly and the two of them walked straight in, holding the puppy case. They had to tie the mouths of the two poor animals or else they were creating too much noise in the car. While John and Sebastian had cared for them at the inn for a day and half they had been little angels but every single time Sherlock or Jim got close, they got wild and snarly and aggressive. As they stepped in, the completely unexpected happened. The place was mildly noisy but pleasantly so, the chatter of birds and small sounds here and there from the critters or ‘yip-yip-yip’ of puppies at the window. But as soon as the duo were in through the door, the whole place erupted.
“Thank you John, thank you. Is Sherlock asleep?”
“Relax, it’s not something you’ll find revolting or too complex to understand, despite your limited intellect,” Sherlock said, rocking back and forth on his barstool seat, holding the mug with both hands, “But it’s something you should be prepared for, something which might impact you as my housemate. You see John, I am not just a scientist and forensic specialist, I am also a consultant. I am a….consulting detective.”
John went and stood there and Sherlock quickly took the pic. But instead of walked back over to safety, John took out his camera phone and said, “Hey, I simply love the way the skies and those tree tops look and, with you in the foreground, I am pretty sure this will be our second best pic, if not the very b……”
John looked at his phone and shook his head, “No, I don’t see a call or text.”
Then, as he saw Sherlock still staring in the direction of the hallway he started to dress Sherlock like a man would do to a boy and whispered, “Hey, don’t worry. This place is not haunted and it’s not my mamma walking down the corridors and hallways, opening and closing doors, listening to her son and his lover’s orgasmic moans!”
“Yeah, it does, and you look really elegant,” John replied, kissing her cheek, “Pearls are always a great look on women.”
Sherlock was walking back from the highway to the property, a distance of half a mile. He didn’t want to wait for Jim or Mycroft to finish their work and ride back with them, so he had taken a cab. But the cabbie was not willing to get off the highway and into a detour. “Some murder happened there,” he said, looking so scared that one would be forgiven for thinking the murderer was out for this particular cabbie’s life, “I am not going there sir.”
John was looking steadily at both objects. He didn’t say a thing for almost a minute, which added to Sherlock’s anxieties.
“Ah.”
In the evening all the workers in the meat and dairy factories, the ranch hands, retainers, got together for a noisy, booze-filled party. On Sherlock’s insistence John attended for an hour and half but stayed away from the liquor. Around nine pm the blonde grabbed the brunette’s hand and whispered in a thick, hoarse voice, “I need you, now. Come on, let’s go back to the house while everyone else is here and having a good time. I don’t suppose anyone would even notice we are gone!”
“Sherlock I don’t want to hurt you.”
With that, Sherlock got up from the table they were sitting at and went off. “I have a class now,” he declared on his way out. Phil looked at the two women seated at the other end of the table in the staff lounge and was rather irked when he saw they were grinning. “He has really changed,” he snapped as he too got up to leave.
“Yeah,” Mike said, lowering his voice, “I met him. He’s great. He’s really good looking and he’s really great. Congratulations! I think you’re all set now.”
“I know what you mean sir. If I say something, it reflects more on you than anyone else.”
“What if one of them lost his marbles, suddenly?”
“What’s the matter?” He asked, but that infectious laughter had made him start smiling as well, “What’s so funny huh?”
“Is sex such a big deal?” Sherlock shrugged casually.
Sherlock dialed the familiar number and just as the phone began to ring, he disconnected it and put the receiver down. It was one of the many home phones in the Watson household and usually one of the retainers or Eckhart the butler received those calls, so he pulled the wire out from the instrument to temporarily disconnect it. He didn’t want the other side to call back on this number.
