“Guygahyah!!” cried out John. The friction was too much. He could feel the corners of his vision turning white. And suddenly that wasn’t the only thing that was white, as he felt his milky love juice stick on his thighs.
“Woahhh,” said John. “Guess your therapy wasn’t so good.” Sherlock hit him really hard
“Oh, God yes,” John whimpered, allowing himself to be dragged by Sherlock to the bed.
“Oh yeah I remember now. I think. Ok. I’ll go get to work now. They don’t call me the world’s best, uh, well, I’ll go ahead and start.” Joe put a face mask on backwards and grabbed a scalpel. “You, uh, Shercock, was it? Go ahead and wait outside by the waiting room. I’ll call you in when I’m finished.”
With that thought, Sherlock went to sleep.
“What’s Mycroft doing here!?” whispered John to Sherlock.
They said the pledge:
John pulled up his Burberry boxers. The last time he felt this embarrassed was when he tweeted a picture of his crusty micropenis instead of flaming Sherlock like he had intended on. But at least back then he had 0.5cm. 0.5cm was better than 0cm.
“What’s up, honey?” asked Sherlock while pressing a kiss on John’s palm.
Upon hearing the word monster cock, Sherlock felt a twitch in his groin. He had been depriving himself all these years with John, and at the prospect of winning this court case, felt a monster cock of his own develop in his pants.
Then he had a brilliant idea! John was going to donate $1 million of his own money to make the campaign seem like it had more traction. “Dear John, I wish the best for a speedy procedure and a massive cock that I know you deserve,” he wrote as a note, and confirmed his donation.
- Iggy Azalea
“Sherlock, no one has donated yet,” he said.
His hands were quivering and moist.
hard, thanks to the permanent Viagra, but he doubted Sherlock would ever be able to feel anything between his legs.
Mycroft sighed. “Well, you know where to find me once you pull yourself together. And remember—caring is not an advantage, dear brother.” And then, quietly, so no one but himself could hear: “It’s about time he found someone with a few more IQ points than that buffoon. Maybe this time with Dr. Biden will do him some good…”
“I’m afraid that’s the case for you,” confirmed Mycroft.
Bill fainted, dropping the briefcase into the toilet bowl.
“It’s me, not my dumbass brother you dumbass! I thought we were married! How could you do this to me!” screamed the stranger who was actually Sherlock who was on the verge of tears.
Sherlock smirked. “Now, now, John, he’s not the one you want to be fucking. Not that you’re capable of fucking anything with that dick of yours…”
“No, Sherlock. You’re always the dom. But today… You’re going to let Daddy take care of you,” John said, his 17-foot long dick swaying in the air. Because it was so long, the very end ran off the bed and onto the floor and out of the room.
Joe left the room, leaving just Sherlock to stare at his dead husband’s still erect schlong.
When John regained his senses, someone was shaking him gently on the shoulder. “John? John!” yelled Sherlock, with a hint of panic in his voice.
“John,” Sherlock said, urgency creeping into his voice.
I lean down to grab my phone and the crusty comb falls off my crotch. I open up Twitter and begin to type out the tweet. I post it and feel triumphant. There’s no taking it back now. Sherlock will never see what’s coming!
“And I’m shook,” said The Doctor. “Wait, I have a hunch as to why your dick disappeared. How long did the orgasm last?”
“Oh, ok. Say, who did you say you were again?”
“Tell me more,” whispered the man heavily, his breath tickling John’s neck.
“Actually, speaking of lawsuits, you should take a look at this letter,” said Sherlock, handing him a heavy envelope. John opened it and found a message from Bill Clinton, printed on fancy cardstock with a bunch of complicated words.
That’s not what we wanted at all, you hairy-legged bastard! Arhhghh, Sherlock, it hurts so bad!”
“Great for publicity,” I said. I put on my shades so the paparazzi wouldn’t take any photos of me, because I do not support celebrity culture. I walk towards the venue surrounded by Sam, Dean, and Bobby, my security, protecting me.
He still had $10.
I finally arrive in the rally area before the debate. I get up onto the stage and see at least 3 people watching me. “Hello everyone. I am here to tell you guys about how I feel about things. First of all, illegal immigrants. What’s up with them?” The crowd laughs. “I mean, really? They’re stealing our jobs! Why the hell are they even here? If I were president, I’d definitely make it illegal for them to come into our country!”
The stage lights were bright. Sherlock looked around: plenty of people to make a good impression on. He scouted out the competition: the idiot Trump, the shy O’Malley, and his biggest threat, his brother, Clinton. Cruz, someone who looked like he was permanently sitting on a cactus, was nowhere to be seen. Bad for his campaign, thought Sherlock. Good for Sherlock’s, though—if he could beat his brother in the primaries, he would basically have no competition from the Republicans.
Sherlock sat on his bed, still weeping.
God bless America
“Sherlock……….. Help…… feels…. so bad man…”
“Can your jet fit all these briefcases?” asked Sherlock.
“I’ll let that comment slide,” said Levi, because he was half-hard and not in the mood to moderate a debate anymore, really. “Any responses?”
“Excuse me,” said the judge. “There is no copulation allowed in the courtroom.”
“Yosss,” said Sherlock.
John ignored him. “I figured, why not just round up? 20 inches. $20 trillion wouldn’t be that hard to raise, would it? If everyone donated a reasonable 20 grand, we’d just need a few thousand donations.”
ly my goal now,” said Sherlock, as he licked his lips. “And please, call me Daddy.” He noticed that in John’s surprise, he hadn’t yet chosen a floor. Sherlock pressed the top floor.
The doors open, the cameras flash, and I walk on stage, removing my shades, putting on a huge smile, and waving towards all my supporters. There are so many people here, which makes sense because I’m a man of the people. The cheers would deafen me but I’m wearing earplugs. My security forms a circle around me as I step towards the microphone.
The elevator dinged. Thankful for not having to respond to Sherlock, John dashed into the door of his penthouse. “I’m going to go in here and report you for sexual harassment, Sherlock! You’re not going to follow, or I’ll have you arrested too!”
I pressed delete but the damage was already done. I was losing followers by the minute. 6.9 million became 6.5 million, and pretty soon it was down to 4 million. People were posting screenshots of the tweet, the one from Mycroft Holmes-Clinton having the most retweets. My life was ruined.
“Arigatou, Izuku. I’ll see you at home,” said the judge curtly, but with a slight smile on his face. “Anyway, may the first witness take the podium?” At this cue, Bill Clinton stepped up. “Do you promise that the testimony you shall give in the case before this court shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?”
Nothing.
His strong hands quickly started unbuttoning John’s Brioni shirt. “Be careful with the suit jacket!” John said, but was quickly shut up by the pad of Sherlock’s thumb circling his nipple. “Hhhhhhhngh,” moaned John.
“Sounds delicious,” replied Sherlock, who felt his member hard against the fabric of his cotton boxers. John pulled them down swiftly and kissed Sherlock’s butt cheeks as he pulled down his own new pair of Burberry boxers with his initials (JHWT) embroidered in them.
Sherlock nodded and got to work while John sat, slowing pulling his dick so all of it could rest on the bed. Seeing Sherlock so engrossed in his task, however, caused John to groan, feeling an erection of his own starting.
They took their bongs and went to the kitchen to makes Hot Pockets. John put a Hot Pocket in the microwave, heated it, and put another one in, heated it, and so on.
“How are you going to win? And what about the last $2 trillion?” asked Sherlock, the pragmatist.
Their signs drop in shock. The green one starts crying. “I’m not a furry!” exclaims the purple one.
I am offended. Not as a cis white male, but the Facebook RSVPs were for me tonight, not them. So I let it slip out. I’ve gone through so many practice sessions with my staff, late at night, to try to keep it in. But I couldn’t control it, and I now regret it. I didn’t even notice the roar of the crowd had died down, in my anger.
“And just how long is your new penis?”
“Actually, Senator Holmes-Sanders, I have a plan—” began O’Malley, but immediately stopped under the piercing look Sherlock shot her.
“It’s just as Dr. Biden said—when your husband got hard, all the blood from his brain traveled straight to his dick, killing him instantly.”
Sherlock stroked his cock to completion before John could reply. By then, he was already past feeling dizzy, having transcended into a state that could only be described as Risen Up.
...And immediately nut again.
Attached to the tweet was a blurry video, as if it had been taken from security footage, of…exactly what happened 10 minutes ago.
“Wait, John, no! Look. I’m sorry about being a dick. How about we just have the therapy session like planned, ok?”
for this, you have no idea,” Sherlock moaned. When he was finally done unwinding John’s dick, he reached for their favorite leather whip—only for John to immediately grab it out of his hands.
“It must have been at the strip club. With Bill.”
“Now, wait a second,” said John. “That was quite the tragic story, but I’m the real tragedy here. While Bill Clinton has 0.5cm, I have nothing. Please donate to my Gofundme at https colon slash slash Gofundme dot com slash John dash Watson dash Trump dash Monstercock dash support dash fund.”
“How about 12 inches? Twice the length of an average man’s, it would still put you in the top 1% of largest shlongs, but be probabilistically less likely to cause infection or pain,” suggested Sherlock. “Also, we would save $8 trillion.”
He had hoped that he could ignore the inevitable just a little while longer.
His cologne which didn't smell expensive but nonetheless deep and rich, mixed with the light smell of cigarettes and clean sweat hit John's senses and made him feel dizzy. He fisted his hand in the front of Sebastian's t-shirt and stood up on his toes eager for more.
Baker Street."
Sherlock's homeless network would have informed him of that already, and his spies at the university had texted that John had sat through an anatomy exam that morning and emerged looking exhausted yet pleased. The thought made Sherlock's chest swell with pride though he knew he had nothing to do with John's success.
"And you're only
"Yeah." He said hollowly, letting go of the younger man's wrists. "I mean no. Of course you could, I just..."
“Oh god, oh god,” Sherlock panted, his hands pressing John’s head down to meet the upward thrust of his hips. He came with a shout, continuing to grind his hips into John’s face. John suckled at his cock until it was soft again; it was too much on his sensitive cock, but Sherlock hadn’t been ready to leave the wet heat of John’s mouth.
"Er, Sherlock? Where in London...exactly?" He asked curiously.
With his hands completely full he looked back into the refrigerator and greedily snatched a pack of cheese as well before closing the refrigerator door with his elbow and heading for the large butcher-block in the center of the kitchen with the intention of putting together the most incredible sandwich the world had ever known while singing out those damned lyrics again.
He reached both hands to the back of John's thighs and picked him up in one swift motion settling him on the surface of the butcher-block.
"Seb." Sebastian corrected, before licking his way down John's throat and sucking a bruise into the corner of his neck and shoulder.
"There." Seb said.
"Oh John." He heard Sherlock whisper and opened up his eyes only to realize they were filled with tears, some of which had spilled down his temples.
He leaned forward and reached for Sherlock's hands, gently massaging his wrists where the handcuffs had dug into his skin and looked up to the younger man's face curiously.
He had completely fallen head over tits for this boy, and didn't know how to stop it. He wasn't sure he could make himself try even if he did know.
He raised his glass and drank it down in a single go, then put it back down in front of John.
Sherlock bent over John grabbing his chin in one hand as he stared deep into the younger man's eyes. His gaze moving back and forth between John's eyes as if searching for something. For a moment the older man's eyes seemed to flash with something feral and almost burn with intensity making John inhale sharply, before they softened again and Sherlock smiled at him tenderly.
“John, what are you doing?” Sherlock panted out as John’s hand began to undo the buckle on Sherlock’s belt.
Leaving John a scarred and broken ex-soldier, who had no life outside of this camp which he hated before meeting Sherlock, and would no doubt despise after he was gone. John's days would probably become even more dreadful than the nights in which he still woke up screaming and shaking from nightmares. He was living in a fantasy and his bubble was very close to being burst by the harsh reality that awaited him in the near future. But John didn't want to think about that now.
"Cheers." He said before throwing his head back and downing the shot.
Watching John's peaceful face as he slept Sherlock knew that he must do whatever it takes to never let anyone else know either.
"To London." Sherlock answered calmly.
"You just came back form a rugby game with your friends. Walking to the kitchen for a cool drink before your impromptu shower you decided you were hungry and proceeded to prepare yourself a meal. This is evident by the clothes you were wearing before I undressed you and the state of your skin and hair prior to us engaging in sexual intercourse, and of course the recipe for your desired meal was easily deduced by the ingredients you so gracefully poured over the kitchen-isle. As was the drink you originally sought after." Sherlock fired in a single breath. "Quite elementary."
"Yes." John murmured into the skin at the back of his neck. "Come for me."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock looked at John with such tenderness as he shook his head disapprovingly.
Sherlock." John gasped into his mouth. "You've got to get back."
And yet, not only had someone grown to love him, but they had admitted to it, and on top of it all that someone was John!
"How'd you know?" John asked the older man in astonishment.
? What could have possibly inspired your parents think up these names?" John giggled.
“I can’t, please, it’s too much!” he cried out. John sat back on his heels and looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. His hand lazily pulled Sherlock’s foreskin back and forth across the head of his cock, pre-cum had begun to drip from the tip.
Shelock zoomed in on the feed and yes :
And with that one command, Sherlock was coming again, this time onto John’s chest. He held himself up, but was unable to continue riding John. He paused to catch his breath, then pushed up onto his knees.
"You hate this job." Sherlock interrupted him. "You hate this
"Hmm?" John hummed, lifting his head back up to face Sherlock, trying to seem like he was listening and not dying inside.
He let go of John's wrist and laid a hand on his shoulder instead. Then leaned in to give John an innocent peck on the lips, completely at odds with everything they'd just done.
“No!” Sherlock shouted. He quickly grabbed John’s wrists to keep his hands in place. John lowered his head back down with a chuckle, this time giving the small, hard length the attention it deserved. Sherlock’s hands moved up to John’s head and grasped at the short blonde hair.
Seb shook his head at John. "No no it's fine John. I understand. It's fine really."
Taking in a quick gulp of air, he spun every deduction possible through his mind.
." Sherlock wanted to answer.
And if any dealer in London ever dared an
John let out a little huff of surprise and groaned into the younger man's mouth.
Mycroft of course picked up on the subtext and filled in the rest of the information within seconds.
Sherlock finally ended the tedious conference call he'd been stuck on with the Serbians for the past three hours.
Sherlock attacked John's mouth as though it was crucial for his own survival with lips and tongue and teeth till there was barely any air left in either of their lungs.
The day Victor suggested they move in together, to find a flat of their own, found Victor drinking at the local pub alone and Sherlock with a needle in his arm. When Victor found Sherlock a few days later in John’s room, high and filthy, he packed a bag and took Sherlock to his flat, phoning Mycroft on the way.
a handkerchief these days?" He giggled again.
"Thanks" John said, as he shook his head, a bit bewildered as he watched the man returned the pack to his pocket.
He gave John an obnoxious smile and started to rubs his fingers into John's hair working up suds and breaking up the remains of dried mud.
“Roll over,” John pulled away enough to push at Sherlock’s hip. “I don’t have any lube, so this will have to do.”
This boy, who had the looks of a Byronic hero and the brains of an astrophysicist. Who was younger than John by almost two decades, and was strange, and beautiful, and insufferable, and wonderful. Who would be leaving here in a week and never coming back.
It was still a struggle. At crime scenes he would still turn to ask John his opinion, though he hadn’t accompanied him on a case since Appledore. In the long hours of boredom he would find himself talking to John, running through facts from a case, not realizing what he was doing until his questions were left hanging in the still air of the flat, not to be answered. The flat on Baker Street was haunted with John Watson’s ghost, Sherlock was sure of it. He could hear the rasp of the razor in the bathroom, quiet footsteps in the room upstairs.
." The man said.
This posh little git had taken any bashing both verbal and physical, completed every task he was given, and endured any punishment brought down on him, all without flinching and with an air of superiority that had all of the commanding officers and supervisors in the camp wanting to rip his throat out. He never truly backed down.
John stared at him for a moment before blurting out "I love you."
John looked up as a flash of pain crossed Sherlock's face and then quickly schooled into indifference. He drained his glass and leaned forward to fill both glasses with another two fingers of whiskey.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and continued to watch John as his eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks and his chest rose and fell with every breath.
It had rained non-stop for three days straight until this morning when out of nowhere the clouds broke apart and London was graced with a completely out of season sunny day.
The older man reached to grab the back of Johns collar. "Hold on." he said, coming closer. "Let me take the tag off."
"Yes. But it's my job." John interrupted angrily. "I
"Yes, London. I'm not moving back in with my parents, I'm going to university in London." Sherlock explained.
He wasn’t sure what John was waiting for but he was done waiting. Sherlock quickly maneuvered himself and John until he was straddling John’s hips. John’s eyes were wide with shock as their positions were reversed. Sherlock slowly peeled his shirt off leaving nothing between the two men.
Sherlock fingers flew over the keyboard to get access to the cameras out front at the entrance of the club.
John bent over Sherlock one more time to press a kiss to the corner of his neck and shoulder before standing back up and pulling out of him.
Sherlock’s hand flew right off his dick and ran into the room. He was still hard.
“Now errrrrrrrr fellas, which one of you is uhh, uh, well, you see uh…”
“Hhhhhnnnnnnng. Ugh yeah fuck me like that baby,” moaned John. The silky fabric of the man’s underwear felt so good on his raw cock, which was glistening in a thick film of precum.
“Sherlock… The entire thing’s already inside.”
Mycroft Holmes-Clinton finished off the last of his fruit tart, brushing the crumbs off his seamlessly tailored pants. As the current Secretary of State, he wasn’t really worried about the threat of his little brother Sherlock’s campaign. He had a very solid network behind him. He was going to win the presidency, either way. Really, he already was the most powerful man in all of America. It was time to make that even more official.
John knew it. Even without seeing his dong, Sherlock still managed to give him the most amazing orgasm of his life and embarrass him at the same time, just like in the debate.
Sherlock started vibrating in anger, which made John hug him closer.
“Can you give me a new one?! A bigger one!? I was just going to dominate Sherlock,” John pleaded. “Sexually, I mean,” he clarified.
“I don’t think I have a dick anymore.”
“I love you and your sexy ass even if you think corporations aren’t people!” exclaimed John Watson-Trump. “We may disagree politically but our love is beyond that.”
Sherlock tossed the whip and moved John’s dick out of the way, shoving two fingers to John’s pulse point.
“Well, it’s your weed,” said Sherlock. “We appreciate it, George W. Bush.”
“Yes, John. It’s simple physics.”
“It matches your dick.”
John nudged him really fucking hard in the shoulder. “Duuuude. They totally fucking were. Have you heard Brendon’s solo stuff? It’s all about Ryan. I mean think about it, it all makes sense! Brendon was drunk and made out with Ryan, but Ryan didn’t know he was drunk so he confessed his love to Brendon. Then Brendon was like, ‘Woah woah woah man no homo,’ and Ryan was like, ‘Bitch are you fucking kidding me,’ and then they broke up and now they’re sad and only write songs about each other,” John finished, shoving a Hot Pocket into his jeans.
John heard the flashing sounds of cameras. Suddenly, a car skidded up to him and someone pulled him inside.
“Bill Clinton has suddenly developed a micropenis and he says it’s your fault. He’s saying when your dick exploded, you transferred your micropenis to him. Anyway, he’s suing you for $10 trillion. The court date is in a week.”
“Really,” said Sherlock, who was busy reading proposed legislation.
At first, it was just the base of his dick that grew stiff as more and more blood rapidly pooled to his groin. Soon, however, John could see his schlong growing stiffer and stiffer, inch by inch by inch by inch by—
when it’s convenient. May I bring up his past voting history?” Sherlock smiled, and could feel Mycroft writhing in his podium.
Lifeless?
“Bill Clinton is still relevant?” asked The Doctor, who then realized he was asking the wrong question. “How many times did you cum?”
“Whatever!” I say. “I don’t need women supporting me!” The men in the crowd cheer as she leaves and I feel good.
John, Sherlock and George W. Bush huddled around George W. Bush’s TV to watch Mycroft Holmes-Clinton’s inauguration speech. Nine months had passed since the primaries. Sherlock also dropped out of the race since Mycroft rigged his bedroom, leaving Clinton and Cruz the presidential candidates. Of course, it turned out that Mycroft was
John and Sherlock weren’t even excited at the prospect of John’s monster cock anymore. They had even bigger problems. How were they going to pay Bill Clinton 10 trillion dollars?
approved this new bill. Starting today, all around America, gay weed is legalized!” Mycroft continued forming words, but even the mic feed wasn’t strong enough to pick them up over the overwhelming cheers of the crowd.
Shit! John had forgotten that he didn’t clean the comb before brushing his hair. “It’s—it’s milk!” he sputtered, but his reply wasn’t heard over the laughter of the crowd.
“But it’s 5pm.”
Sherlock lifted a handkerchief to his eyes, wiping away the tears that had gathered. Beside him, his new husband of five years, Joe Biden, gripped his free hand.
But John couldn’t hear him. His head felt light, like all the blood had suddenly left his brain and instead was traveling to his—
“Sh, Sherlock? Something’s wrong—I, I, oh god, Bacon’s rebellion—”
, I bet you’re just doing this for more followers on your favorite social media site.”
“Thanks, Levi, honey,” said Eren, necking him. “Eren, stop! You’re embarrassing me in front of all these people…” whispered Levi. “I’m getting kind of horny. But...we have a debate to moderate, idiot.”
My name is Sherlock Holmes-Sanders and I’m running for the President of the United States. I am a man of the people. My biggest opponents are Mr. Trump and Secretary Clinton. I have had the most unique contributors of any campaign in history, because people love me. Tomorrow is the first mixed-party debate in Portland, but first, today, I must make a rally in Los Angeles.
“Have you tried tweeting it?” suggested Sherlock. John tweeted it. A few seconds later, he refreshed the page. “I got $10!!!” he exclaimed excitedly, despite the progress bar not changing since $10 was only 0.000000000083% of his goal.
“John… Just… Just lay low, ok? Don’t let anyone know about your interaction with that Holmes-Sanders guy… You know… You could shit talk him on Twitter, yeah? People would like that a lot.”
“I do,” replied Bill. He took a deep breath. “It all began when I was working an afternoon shift at my part-time job as a lap dancer.” There were some gasps from the jury at this revelation, but Bill paid them no mind. “I was giving a lap dance to Mister John Watson-Trump when, in response to my expert services, he started ejaculating. After he was finished for the third time, he gave me a briefcase full of money, and he and his husband left.
“That’s what I’m here for baby,” said the man as he lowered his round buttocks onto John’s rock hard dick.
“What Mycroft is saying means nothing at all,” interrupted Sherlock. “Did he specify any of his platform whatsoever?”
“Can we all please focus on the problem at hand!?” yelled John.
“Please don’t waste your breath asking questions we both know the answer to,” said Sherlock.
“It’s not your fault,” said Mycroft, who had come with Joe Biden because Joe had gotten lost a few dozen times.
What had he done?
“I’m not really in the mood, Corey,” sighed John. “Can we talk in the morning?” John stepped in the elevator to go back to his hotel room, shutting it in Corey’s protesting face.
“You’re right, Sherlock. I feel a little better now, even if I am mysteriously missing half the skin on my body. Speaking of which, where the bollocks did you find all the extra skin for my magnum schlong?”
"Sweetening the deal?" He growled, cupping Sherlock's arse and pressing him close.
"Will you come?" Sherlock asked.
The room was dark except for a single light bulb. It was damp and cold. His arms were outstretched, wrists chained to the wall on either side of him.
"Come with me." Sherlock simply repeated.
want to, he just-
" John yelled blinking the water out of his eyes.
. And he claimed Sherlock was the bloody drama queen.
"Now." John said sternly, his tone not leaving any room for argument.
It wasn't him. John knew it wasn't him, but his knees wobbled and his heart skipped a beat before going into overdrive anyway.
"Fuck Sherlock,
“Take it, John. Use me, come in me,” Sherlock demanded. John planted his feet and held on to Sherlock’s hips. He thrust his hips up, it was too much for Sherlock’s abused hole, but he held himself still, allowing John to finally take his pleasure. With a few more thrusts, John was groaning as he came inside of Sherlock.
The staff at the bar might not know who the club belonged to now, but in the criminal world all the right people did.
Ciao Sherlock Holmes,
"That's an
is Taylor Swift" John said giggling. "Don't like it?"
“I had no idea,” he whispered. They sat unmoving, foreheads touching, breathing each other in.
John hummed in agreement even as his eyes slid closed and within a minute he was snoring lightly.
It wasn’t long until John deemed Sherlock ready. With a sloppy kiss he pulled back and lined up his cock against Sherlock’s entrance. John began to dip the his glans into Sherlock with a shallow thrust, then pull out completely and place wet kiss on the swollen hole. Over and over, until Sherlock thought he would explode from the teasing.
"Sir. Captain,
He quickly moved back in between John's splayed thighs and pushed him back so he lay the counter-top as Sherlock started to lick every inch of his exposed skin.
Sherlock hadn't pushed to have it fixed as he had no reason to suspect John ever go there (which he now realized was wrong, meaning he could have watched John on his breaks, as well as at work behind the bar!), and despite the substantially large sums the club made weekly, he never worried himself about it being robbed - especially not since the door was heavily secured by a first grade security system, and no one smart enough, or operating a crew big enough to pull off a major heist would steal from
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done,” John said between giggles.
“Maybe it’s that you’ve been training for so long that your body is on autopilot. Maybe it’s the course itself, maybe it’s a lot of things but, yeah. Just, I can’t believe I don’t have
Instead, Sherlock settled his fingertips against the glass and tried, off-handedly, “Greg says he’s never seen me ski with such…”
“You think I do?” he counters, immediately. And Sherlock might think John knows how to navigate this, but this is completely uncharted. “I don’t… I’ve never done this. Something this… important. With someone I...” John emits a heavy sigh, shrugs. “I think we’re doing alright so far, best as able. Don’t you?”
“I’m nervous to find what he looks like.”
Breath rushes past his lips, puffing out his cheeks. The feeling of abject uselessness he feels threatens to tug his thoughts down darker avenues and he closes his eyes, falls into a breathing technique his therapist had taught him: in for four, hold for four, out for eight, repeat. He's always surprised when breathing works to calm him down, but he's glad for it, as he refocuses his attention on the computer screen.
Sherlock glances back towards the mountains, sees the clouds hovering around the peaks, and sucks in a deep breath. Transitions, he realizes, hadn’t effected him much until recently; he’d managed to hold himself to an enormously high standard, and meet that standard, and he’s coming to realize that the past four years, he’s been a bit rudderless without the constant competition.
Tongue peeking out at the corner of his lips, John slipped in what looked to be a straightened paper clip and one of the slimmer nail files. There was a click and a rattle but the lock didn’t give; with a muted curse John tried again with a larger nail file, torquing his hand awkwardly as he tried to get the internal mechanism to give.
He turned his gaze out the window, looking at the mountains in the distance and waiting for the tram to start up. Sherlock was startled from his reverie as Lestrade greeted someone boisterously, offering up a seat with them.
“I’m down off that corridor,” Mike points and then swipes his hospital badge and holds open the swinging door for John to step through. “And this, as you well know, is the morgue.” Looking around, John catches sight of a petite woman behind the glass partition where he assumes the office is. “That’s Molly. She’s a peach, very lovely woman, smart as a whip and-”
There’s one from John, in response to his earlier message. It’s unlike anything else, the feeling that rushes over Sherlock every time there’s a
constant in his life, the fixed point.
“Tell you what!” Mike perks, standing and brushing out the creases in his trousers. “Why don’t you come back with me and we’ll stop by. You can meet Molly.”
John laughs, gamely digging into the contents, but not before wadding up a page of the Times and tossing it at Sherlock’s head. It connects with his temple and then skitters beneath the temporary folding table they’ve set up. “Bastard. I actually had to pay Molly this go-round, you know. She’s through with the whole unpaid sitting, unfortunately.”
, full stop.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock picked up his own bag and fell in step alongside him.
“That’s it,” John agrees, “I’m a sucker for a good mattress.”
Sherlock’s silence is his answer.
Even as he stares down at the question he’s posed, he feels foolish and wrong-footed and entirely ridiculous; god, having emotions is exhausting, Sherlock thinks. Why is he reaching out to a stranger for-
“The science of course. Though it is a rather handy background to have as one ages out of one’s profession.”
John shakes his head a bit and lifts his hands to the table as Sherlock struggles out of his coat. “You. Know the proprietor?” John isn’t upset; he has a small smile on his face. “How do you know the proprietor?”
the text read,
John is just getting ready to head home on Tuesday evening when Sherlock, with his apparent trademark flair for the dramatic, bursts through the double doors. John doesn’t even startle, just quirks a brow and crosses his arms over his chest.
Greg groaned in defeat and let him be but John nudged at him again, still smiling; Sherlock caught a whiff of his scent, spicy but muted, mingling with clean sweat and a crispness that lingered from the air outside. “Come on, one drink.”
“The money, the bribes.”
And then John snuffled in his sleepy state and Sherlock’s heart split right down the center.
There’s a grumble as Sherlock turns on his side, snuggling in to John’s sleep-warm stomach. “I should’ve have signed with the BBC.”
His team faded to the back; they knew not to try and speak with him after he was in his gear. Sherlock brought his gloved hands to the temples of his helmet and took a moment to fall back and away, into his mind. He visualized the mountain, could feel himself prepared and poised at the starting gate. It took him less than three seconds to run the course in his head and he did it again and again until an official called over the PA to inform him that he was due at the gate.
When he burst through the starting gate everything went startlingly, crystal clear. He hit every turn as he had the time before but with a shade more precision, rounding on the final turn knowing he’d picked up a precious bit of speed coming off of the third jump. Sherlock felt the familiar thrum of adrenaline in his veins and grinned, relishing the speed, the air whipping past him. He was primed, nearly perfect, at the top of his game as he came racing down the final stretch.
It was drizzling when they left Angelo’s, giggly from the abundance of free wine that had been foisted upon them. “You’re right, that was amazing,” John said warmly, his arm brushing up against Sherlock’s as they walked across the pavement.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, his thumb pressing into the flesh of John’s back. “I was thinking I could call you… my partner.”
“No one,” he agreed, and thanked Greg when he placed a vodka soda with two limes down in front of him. Greg slid a pint across to John and took a sip of his own, jostling Sherlock over as he seated him across from Molly in the booth.
changed for him. He blew out a breath and considered. He felt the pain that was throbbing in his foot and his ribs flare back up and he acknowledged silently how close he’d come to death.
How did he let this happen? As brilliant, terrifying, humbling as it is, he should have seen this coming. Should have predicted it.
High-quality, not designer but pressed this morning. John looks good, well put together. It’s… distracting. Sherlock’s gaze darts up to meet John’s eyes; he’s been staring too long.
Moriarty’s eye roll was spectacularly dramatic. “Oh you
Sherlock was about to demure, to tell her that he’d speak with Greg tomorrow, but he saw two of Great Britain’s bobsledders spill out of the bar; this must have been the establishment that the entire team had chosen to frequent. Perhaps some of the staff for team Great Britain had come out tonight as well...
The plane filled and filled and before long Sherlock was certain that they were late taking off. His frustration inched up another notch and he grit his teeth.
Sherlock is absolutely nervous about meeting John5NF.
Sherlock added a third finger, pressing it along John’s dick. “Where’s the fun in that?”
It gave way and Sherlock’s lips curled in a snide smile. Sentiment.
Sherlock blinked. “Go on.”
It strikes John as disastrously sad that Sherlock had felt very similarly for him, all of those years. Back in the past, when they’d both been too terrified of what it meant to be in love with the person they were in love with. He, with a mad, socially-awkward, genius of a waif, and Sherlock with a damaged ex-doctor with no real future on the horizon.
Skiing had been his
While they are both more human than either of them really wants to admit, it seems to John as though they’ve realised that they don’t need to hide from one another any longer. It’s equally refreshing and terrifying, as though they’re standing together on the edge of a cliff.
“Uh, yep, that’s what you said, yeah?”
“Bollocks,” John swears beneath his breath and pats his pockets for good measure. “I seem to have… I don’t have any cash on me. Oh, forget it, I’m sorry I-”
They were both incredibly busy and rarely saw one another nowadays, but neither had asked the other to make any concessions.
“Oh,” Moriarty sighed, pressing his hands together and bringing them to his mouth. “But I am. You two, the pair of you, you made it so
Lestrade rolls his eyes and continues speaking on the phone, holding up a solitary finger and telling Sherlock silently to wait. Instead, Sherlock reaches across the desk and picks up a folder, begins idly flipping through it even as Lestrade waves his hands in a very distracting manner.
John frowns as he pecks ‘chat rooms,’ finger-by-finger, into the text input block.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m fine.” He hopped down off the stretcher with a feigned energy that he didn’t feel and a stab of pain radiated up from the center of his right foot. “Well, relatively fine.”
Greg pursed his lips in doubt but took the opportunity to change the topic. “First run went smooth?”
It had made John’s heart cleave. And in that moment, he’d wanted, more than ever before, to be really together, finally.
“John…”
It’s been his life’s work, something he’d been gearing towards since he was young. The weight of the loss of competition hadn’t hit him full force until being back in the Olympic Village, what a hole it left in him. He’s not prepared for this: the influx of emotion, the stark, vivid memories barrelling down at him.
that he’s acting silly. He’s the only one who knows about it, he’s the only one who can pass judgment on himself and Sherlock chooses--in this moment--not to.
“Would do if you would stop repeating what I’m saying and, you know, go to lunch. I’m starving.” John gives Sherlock a half smile and checks his pocket for his wallet. Sherlock’s gaze follows John’s hand to his trousers.
“Meet? Oh my god,” John says aloud and slams his laptop shut, quickly, not wanting Guest to see that he’s online.
“So, how do you know Molly?” he asks, taking a sip of his water, just to have something to do.
“Right, okay, fine.” Lestrade sighs, jots down a note on a post-it and sticks it atop the file. “And what could I have possibly done wrong today to be graced with your presence?” There’s no heat behind the jab, and Lestrade finishes speaking with a sassy smile. While Sherlock may rub the rest of the squad the wrong way, he and Lestrade have known one another for so long that Sherlock’s more abrasive qualities are no longer the problem they once were.
He does what he can to live up to the expectation of a first date with his best friend, but the slow buzz of the knowledge that they will be sharing a bed keeps pulling his attention to darker, more salacious corners of his mind.
A faceless stranger on the internet has done what so many people before have failed at.
Sherlock’s mind goes exceedingly, stunningly blank. He can manage breath, and his eyelids flutter in quick little blinks, but he’s otherwise silent and still. John just smiles serenely, reaches across to where Sherlock’s right hand rests on the table, and squeezes it. John goes about eating, shooting amused glances across the table until Sherlock snaps out of it.
John’s smile faded until it had slipped from his face completely and Sherlock did his best to continue on with his workout without being fazed. “Right, I… right.” John licked his lips and shrugged. “Sorry to interrupt your workout.”
John lifts his glass to Sherlock’s in a silent toast, no words necessary, and they both take a long sip.
“Fuck,” John swore and then turned his head to the side, spitting out a wad of blood; he worked his jaw from side to side and then resumed glaring at Moriarty.
“Good,” John smiles, “Good, because–”
“Your phone, it’s a hand-me-down. Harry Watson, from Clara, on that back there. Your brother is an alcoholic; every night he goes to plug it in to charge, but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them. Not top-of-the line but you kept it, which means you’re not doing well financially which is, I didn’t mean—”
“Is it?”
John deserved - at the very least - for Sherlock to be honest with him. “John! John, wait.”
“Yeah, we have, how are you, man?” Bode asks, clapping a hand on John’s bicep for a moment, jovial and animated.
The very last of Sherlock’s good mood evaporated and he tossed himself fitfully over onto his back, staring up at the blank, white ceiling. He was never outwardly riled by Moriarty, was rather proud of how composed he managed to be when they interacted at all; privately, Sherlock wanted to put his fist through a wall.
John finds himself shocked at how calm he suddenly feels; he doesn’t even register a higher heart rate when he meets Sherlock’s gaze. “Not just past tense, though, not…I do, now. It’s… sometimes I think it’s just ridiculous, because this is it. Here. You and I. Just…easy as that, together. Does that…does that make sense?”
and shut his gob, John thinks that this is very possibly the most off-putting man he’s ever met.
Sherlock doesn’t speak, makes no mention of their inevitable sleeping arrangements, and sets his case down on the small desk in order to unzip it. They briefly unpack their things, confirm the location of the constable they’ll be meeting, and then they’re off for a day of scanning old interview notes, reviewing evidence logs and investigating timelines of all persons of interest. John is pleased that Sherlock now takes the time to sit with him and that their duties are now more formally shared.
,” Mycroft barked down the line and Sherlock pulled the receiver away from his ear at the offending volume.
“Touching base with the network.” He unwinds the scarf from his neck and shucks his coat. For a moment, he fiddles with his mobile before slipping it into his trouser pocket. “I’m not sure how those things work.” Sherlock gestures vaguely towards the kitchen before rounding the coffee table and plunking down in front of his laptop.
“Sure you’re not going too hard?” his spotter asked, fingertips lingering just beneath the bar as Sherlock held the weights aloft.
: Femoral artery likely perforated by a blade, not a specialized instrument such as a scalpel.
Sherlock grins against John’s cheek, peeks his tongue out and gives a playful lick.
Sherlock is stepping past him, into the small cubicle of the shower. He turns back, the water sluicing over his back, “Show me.”
It’s easy for Sherlock to take over his thoughts; he’s just had a very nice dinner with him only days ago. And the promise of assisting on another case has lifted John’s spirits exponentially. Sherlock is fascinating, for lack of a better word; he’s danger and intrigue and John doesn’t quite understand him, and that’s appealing. But he misses his interactions with Guest, the rapid-fire wit, the strange questions, the black humor.
“Mmm, you can treat me, somewhere better than this, yeah?”
“Fuck,” Moran grunted and then turned around and smacked John again, the sound of flesh on flesh somehow dull and hollow. A moment later there was a thud and a curse, Moran having sent John’s chair over on it’s side.
For a few minutes, John actually reads the article that he happened to pull up in front of him, something about a transportation bill that won’t be passed, and when he’s satisfied that he’s waited enough time, he peeks out from behind a corner of the paper at the counter to find that Sherlock is no longer standing there.
It was
He wonders why he’s wondering about them at all.
Bode laughs. “I get it, I do, this is next best thing. I mean, aside from coaching.”
They travel down the three floors to the sub basement, where the morgue is located, and while it is still familiar to him, it too has benefited from upgrades. He recalls this area being dingy and a tad bit spooky, but the renovations have really done the place well, brightened it up a bit.
“I don’t care about the bedspread, lie back,” and John did as told, slowly easing himself down on the bed. Sherlock hissed when he slipped out, but then he unfurled, knees cracking as he struggled up onto them and spread himself out over John. “Yes,” he hissed before dipping and sucking John down in one, lewd slurp.
Just then, the human resources representative comes in, looking harried, and asks that everyone turn off their phones; John pockets his mobile for the next three hours. He’s rescued at lunch by Mike, who comes by the session and whispers to the speaker before taking a folder from her and motioning for John to follow him from the room.
The pair frowned and ignored him, instead making their way to the elevator and disappearing into a waiting car. Sherlock was so knackered that he didn’t even have the presence of mind to shout after them, instead managing only to remain behind with hands open and offered in incredulity, staring forlornly through the empty lobby area to where the clerks had just stood.
“Fell asleep in the lobby.” Sherlock’s head lolled on his shoulders. “Was weighing my options for the night and deciding whether or not I need to fire my agent for putting me up in this blasted place.”
: And why is that, John?
“Hey,” Phil shot back, shrugging. “This is what you pay me for.”
His mouth turns down at the thought and he takes another drink of water before regaining Sherlock’s attention.
John smiled, al little thing at first but when Sherlock tipped his head to mirror John’s smile, his mouth broke into a grin. “Well, alright then. I will… see you around?”
“John,” Sherlock rasped, reaching out for him with one hand; John pulled back, just far enough away that Sherlock couldn’t reach him and looked up.
Sherlock spends the next few days casually chatting with John5NF, learning silly, innocuous, truly meaningless things about him. They share their thoughts about London, about the improvements on the Tube, about the new exhibition at the Portrait Gallery. He learns John’s London and John learns his.
John huffed a silent laugh, his chin moving with the force of it. “Obviously? I’m off to Austria at the beginning February with Johnson and the boys.”
“Yeah, let me just… finish up,” he says, his fingers trailing through the water just at the surface.
“A murder charge?!” John interjects.
John allows it to settle in his bones, overtake every sense he has.
his mind nags at him. Sherlock’s mind draws a blank, can’t think of how he would proceed if John5NF surprises him and turns out not to be… dull. Boring.
He shuffled up to the backdrop sporting the NBC logo and watched as in slow motion, a microphone sped into his vision, held by a grinning, brunette sportscaster. “Shannon Rivera, NBC Sports, Sherlock, this was your final Olympics and you finally took gold, how does it feel?”
Sherlock’s right cheek jumps and he gives John’s arms a little tug, and he’s already chuckling as he says, “No, John. I won’t mind.”
what did
“It’s not a problem, exactly. I don’t want anyone to know about it because I haven’t had you to myself for that long. I don’t want anyone to know because, well, we don’t rightly know just what we are to one another yet. I don’t want others to have it before we do,” he bit at his lower lip and paused. “If that makes any sense. It’s not because I’m ashamed or afraid... I would just, you know…”
“You would have been shot!”
John doesn’t know what to do with that, so he just flicks on the kettle and goes about making a full pot of tea.
Before he has the opportunity to pry open the simple white bakery box, he remembers. Something John5NF had said when they were discussing their favorite places to eat in London.
“Fuck,” Sherlock said, curling his arms around John’s back and pulling him down to the bed. “Indeed.”
John doesn’t know why he does it; before he can think twice, he finds himself typing, “How wsa the artety perforated?” He hits enter before he can spell-check himself and cringes.
Mike just smiles back at him and says, “They were just going to cover all of the NHS stuff; told her you’re a veteran and a doctor and you were set. Just sign the papers and you’re officially a Bart’s employee once again.”
Macabre, but interesting. Sherlock looks at the photos from every angle, rereads the report and then on a whim, takes out his mobile. John5NF had helped him before, why not now, he reasons, and indulges in a moment of pure giddiness as he address the email.
“I certainly did not.”
John’s tongue makes a path down his neck, teeth finding a trapezius and sinking in, just until he feels real resistance. Fingers find John’s hips and tug, fumble, press in between their bodies and Sherlock manages to fiddle the buttons of John’s flies open.
Head tipping, Sherlocks glances down at the space between their bodies, head drooping towards his chest. His entire demeanor changes, and John worries that he’s closing in on himself.
Sherlock swallowed. “I suppose.”
on him. He knows it’s completely ridiculous, but he can’t stave the feeling that he’s done something disingenuous. John slows to a jog as he mulls it over.
John Watson was throwing him for a loop and he didn’t particularly enjoy it, though he was distracted enough about it that he stalled on retreating into his mind. Sherlock mulled that over as they made their ascent, coming back to the tan line at John’s wrist and his posture in the seat. The observations slotted themselves into place in his mind and he grinned in victory when he came upon his conclusion. “Army doctor home from… Afghanistan? Yes, Afghanistan, as team physician, how interesting.”
He’s not sure how he would have survived the intervening years between Sochi and now without John; he’s rather sure he’d likely have lost his mind, though he’d admit that to no one.
but…” She sighs. “Just a bit of a crush, I never thought it would go anywhere. I know… how you are and you know how I am and… it was just nice to think about, I suppose. But that doesn’t mean!” Molly says with renewed vigor, “That I don’t want to see you, you know, happy and… just, happy, Sherlock.”
simple, normal conversation with an old friend?
: Is that it?
John’s smile flickered before he caught it and it broke into a grin. “Got back into your room I take it.”
Once he was in the main room, Sherlock pressed his back against the cinderblock wall and took a calming inhale. Of course Moriarty would taunt him, of course he would attempt to work him up. Sherlock had to center himself, find his resolve and move past it. Moriarty wasn’t worth any of his concern at the moment; he’d deal with that obstacle when he didn’t have a hefty workout to complete.
There is no immediate response and so Sherlock decides to unpack his things from the case and does a cursory tidy of the flat. The last time he’d left the place a disaster Redbeard had gotten a hold of a very rare academic tome that Sherlock had been perusing and had ruined it entirely. By the time he returns, John has only just responded.
Sherlock swallowed, gaze intense on John. “
Lestrade shook his head in dejection and fell back into the sofa. “Just, I’ll only say this once, alright? You’re not the most terrible person I’ve ever worked with and I think you’re a pretty alright bloke so don’t… just don’t fuck all of this up.”
Sherlock sighed; he did so hate repeating himself. “Vodka soda, lime. Two limes, actually.”
“There you are!” came the breathless exclamation as John turned to face him from where he stood in front of Sherlock’s room. “They’ve postponed the last of the skiers, they’re going over the course but--Jesus,” John panted, his fist clenching and unclenching at his sides. “They didn’t let me anywhere near him. It’s a media frenzy right now! And after Hanzu, they locked it down fast.” He swallowed and said, “I worried when you weren’t here, I didn’t know--”
“I couldn’t find you when I was leaving the gym. Did you-“
John wonders what makes them “bombs,” specifically. They smell lovely, and he hasn’t had a bath in two weeks. He doesn’t bother asking Sherlock whether he needs the toilet, as he’s sure Sherlock will deduce what he’s up to as he climbs the steps to his room. Moments later he returns with his fluffiest towel, a novel about the Cold War, and a glass full of cold water.
It’s silly and he knows it’s silly, but it’s rather brilliant that he doesn’t
Sherlock drums his fingers against the laptop as he waits for a reply.
Harping on it at the moment, however, would do him no good, so he closed his eyes and tried to even his breathing, dropping off to a light sleep after long minutes. Sherlock hovered in slumber, half in it, half out, the afternoon sunlight slinking slowly across the bed, warming his ankles and knees before it disappeared altogether.
“Well I’m glad they did, because you’re nice to look at,” Adam says, hand lingering as he purses his lips and makes a show of assessing Sherlock. “And yes, I know you’re taken, but that doesn’t mean I can’t
He swallowed thickly, allowing his body to acclimate to the sensations flooding through him until he found the ability to speak. His voice was low and just a touch shaky, but he managed. “I didn’t expect…”
, Sherlock finally sends off and finds that it’s enough, it puts him back on an even keel.
John’s arms went lax, his hands and Sherlock’s falling to his side. “Am I?” he muttered. “So are you.”
They exchange emails throughout the day and late into the evening.
“Yeah, well, saw Moriarty faffing about without his entourage looking like the cat that got the canary and figured checking on the two of you wouldn’t be the worst idea. ‘Course, when I didn’t hear back from either of you…”
“No,” John says, his voice half-delight and half-horror. “I remember you saying you couldn’t wait to get out of there.”
; he’d heard that before, but where? Not in casual conversation, no. No, that was something you said to someone on a date, on a
Sherlock’s mouth had taken to grinning as John had gone on, and he stood, rounding the coffee table to stand before an obviously worked-up John. “You don’t have to worry about me,” he said softly, hands coming to cradle John’s bent elbows.
“Oh, yeah. Before. There’ve been uhm, well,” Molly bites her lip, looks a bit nervous, smiles to herself and then frowns. “Mike knows.”
. John Watson doesn’t think he’s a difficult pain in the arse; Sherlock supposes that’s
“I was never really an employee before,” John says, following Mike onto the lift.
When Sherlock’s eyes peek open once more, he smiles. “Go, get in bed,” John urges quietly, cupping Sherlock’s face briefly. After a cocked brow, John explains, “You’re about to fall over. Let me rinse and I’ll be in.”
It seemed impossible that this would be the last time he would burst through the starting gate, the last time he would cross an Olympic finish line.
Sherlock orders two rolls of his own, and then hands both of the menus back to the waitress without looking. They don’t speak for a moment, both content to watch the passersby. After a time John slides back in his seat, hands on the table and assesses Sherlock.
Mike presses his lips together and considers. “Mmmmm, strictly speaking it isn’t, but she’s right. Sherlock
“Flattery,” Sherlock chuckled, “will get you
, when--no, nevermind. Sherlock…” John tests on his tongue.
“I’ve known them for years,” Sherlock said, a thread of annoyance now making its way into his tone.
He can no longer help it, he rolls his eyes and plunks the paper cup down on the worktop. “Just… take the damned coffee, John.”
As Sherlock decided rather petulantly that he didn’t
“Nothing, that’s rather the point! Besides, my leg-”
Sherlock merely grunted, gritting his teeth and pressing down and back. It was two more presses before Sherlock tipped his head in John’s direction, just slightly.  “Are you intentionally going out of your way to run into me?” he asked, pressing down on the tricep machine with effort.
have, but I was down there for a half an hour and couldn’t locate a single soul. This hotel is… interesting to say the least.”
“If you’re certain it wouldn’t be an imposition…”
After his third day of press, filming three spots for the BBC sports retrospective on the Olympics, and numerous sit-ins with Mike Tirico giving expert opinions on both men’s and women’s downhill, Sherlock decides that it’s time for a break.
Molly stands back while Sherlock takes note of abrasions and impact points. He dons a pair of latex gloves and feels out the breaks in the bones, the sharp angles of the body. It’s all fairly interesting, and by the time he’s done and pulled out his small notebook, he’s a wealth of new information. It takes him some time to take it all down, and he does so methodically, from toes to top of the head and begs Molly’s assistance in flipping the man so he can view the deceased’s back.
“We’ve known each other for five days, John,” Sherlock said in wonder as John’s praise nestled itself in the depths of his chest. “You’re a marvel,” he murmured, even quieter, gaze turning sweet and open and surprised. Their eyes locked and the tips of John’s ears colored bright red; Sherlock couldn’t help it, he laughed, the sight of John flustered sweet and heady.
He doesn’t know what to do with everything he feels, the overwhelming weight of it all. It’s a brilliant conundrum, where to put hands and mouth, how to move to make Sherlock feel good, feel the very best he’s ever felt, because he deserves that.
Sherlock chuckles once and then dips, leaving a long, lingering kiss on his lips.
It’s so incredibly intimate and John quietly relishes in it, dragging his blunt nails against Sherlock’s scalp, as Sherlock leans unbidden into his touch. Sherlock continues to catalogue, his eyes moving behind closed lids as John cleans him.
“John,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, feeling the heat rise in his cheeks. “I didn’t—”
Moriarty's upper lip twisted and he stood back as though placated, and then suddenly lashed out, bringing his palm up in a hard slap across John’s cheek.
“Oh, oh just fuck off,” Molly slurred and giggled nudging John gently in the side. “I still,” she lifted her head and glared at Sherlock. “I want to see that medal, I want to hold it, wanna see how much it weighs.”
There’s silence, as Sherlock holds him, breathes with him, and John allows his eyes to fall closed. The moment washes over him, and he feels as though his entire chest expands to receive every sensation he’s feeling in the moment. John imagines that if he tries hard enough, he could feel each individual ridge and whorl of Sherlock’s fingerprints, burning into his body.
. The morning had taken it all out of him; he felt the strain in his muscles and in his joints, his knees in particular. He sighed heavily into the duvet and then peeled his face away, deciding that a long, hot bath would be quite nice.
He swore he could feel John’s gaze boring into him as he and Greg crossed to the benches.
There is a slightly-blurry but still readable image file of a medical chart. It was obviously taken in haste and John purses his lips at the screen, a little bubble of anger forming in his throat. Before he even bothers to look it over he sends Guest back,
He lavished attention on John’s testicles, testing the heft of each one in turn, darting roguishly behind to press wet kisses against John’s perineum. He ran the flat of his tongue slowly up the underside of John’s cock, licking teasingly all the while, before suckling at the end, tonguing the beads of precome that had gathered and savoring them for a brief moment. He teased John, gathering his foreskin up and over before allowing it to retract once more, the tip of his tongue flicking against the frenulum.
sort of relationships with
run. He’d ski through the pain.
Lestrade shrugged in answer. “Maybe because it’s your last go… what have you got left to lose?”
When the waitress has left them once more, John leans forward, forearms resting on the edge of the table. There’s a long moment of silence, it stretches and shivers. John licks his lips and the hair on the back of Sherlock’s neck pricks and goes rigid in anticipation.
It is distinctly pleasant and friendly and Sherlock sleeps well for the four hours he manages. He wakes and feels cheerful but exhausted, and he only manages a short walk with Redbeard before returning to the flat to begin his day.
bored, too put out. Sherlock takes that as sure victory and without another word he heads back out the way he came.
“Mmm, I think not,” he murmured, eyes strayed to where other members of his delegation were letting their hair down, imbibing and chatting, smiling and laughing and getting to know one another.
“It’s race day,” she admonished. “Quit it.” But even she was grinning and Sherlock was torn between being annoyed that they had found something together and secretly pleased that they were both so happy. Either way, at the moment there were too many distractions buzzing through Sherlock’s head, the exact sort of mindset he didn’t want to be in before a qualifying run. Again, Moriarty had known that his presence would rile him up and set out to do just that. It’s was childish and stupid and Sherlock really shouldn’t have let the man get to him.
Sherlock turns to him, his face completely blank; their gazes hold, as though to ask, Now? Finally? We’re doing this? and Sherlock takes a deep breath, doesn’t look away. “Simon. Just before… the first time I went in.”
John surprises himself by inviting Sherlock out to lunch, but then, there’s something about Sherlock that makes him want to learn more. It’s not a siren’s pull exactly, but he’s so
is London;
“Oh god, Sherlock. Did you meet him on…” Her voice drops to a whisper, “Grindr?”
And Sherlock is about to tell John
“You bastard,” Molly sniffled and wrapped him around the waist in a hug. The others soon stepped forward to share their own gestures of kindness, handshakes and light shoulder punches and simple last words of encouragement.
Despite the late hour, John is wide awake and cannot find something to occupy his mind. He has read the few books he has on hand, and aside from his medical tomes he’d retrieved from Harry when collecting his meager belongings, there’s nothing else to peruse. John doesn’t have a television, though he supposes he could use his computer to load one of those instant-film websites he’s heard about.
Sherlock imagines John Watson taking him to a fish-and-chips joint, of watching John sucking the grease off of his fingers; he imagines them sharing Mongolian beef, their chopsticks bumping. Sherlock imagines their eyes meeting over wine glasses, by candlelight. He can’t decide which image he likes the best. He can’t decide which situation he most wants to see John Watson
Mycroft’s voice notched up in volume and intensity, something he only did when he was vehemently attempting to get his point across. “On the cover of which is a photograph of you and some doctor fellow out to dinner.”
John feels everything, intensely, all at once. All of his wants finally being realised, Christmas morning but ten times better, the realization that he’s about to love the man he’s loved for ages with his body. It’s heady and gorgeous and some distant part of his mind wishes he could slow this all down, take ages and ages, nearly eternity, to undress Sherlock.
“Oh,” John breathed, dragging a palm over his face. “Yeah.”
Sherlock shot Greg a look that very clearly said that it wouldn’t get him anywhere. “I’ve had a cortisone shot in my foot, it’s fine.”
“Hmph,” John agrees, pulling away, out, a mess all over the duvet. Bare bodies against the rumpled sheets, heaving chests. Sherlock flails an arm out and the back of his hand lands squarely in the center of John’s chest with a thwack.
Lestrade’s brow perked, obviously shocked at Sherlock’s suggestion that they play even remotely by the book. “John’s a bloody good influence on you, then.” He nodded his appreciation to John, who rolled his eyes.
He leans casually against the frosted glass wall of the office and scans the information in his hands; it’s just slightly above boring, which is something, and by the time he’s through to the end of the file, Sherlock is fairly certain he has three leads for Lestrade.
He’s a little lightheaded, as the reality filters all the way past the haze that their passion has created in his mind, the fact that he’s finally able to express to Sherlock exactly what he feels. With his body, with his mouth, he can finally set all of his demons and caution aside and allow himself to love Sherlock, properly.
But no, that too seems like a lie. He’d need to work out how to reveal to John that he had, all along, been chatting as Guest. But perhaps tonight wasn’t the night; perhaps tonight could truly be about two people starting over, sharing a meal, getting to know one another.
It wasn’t long before John’s whole body seized, and with a stutter of his hips, he came in spurts all over his belly and Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock worked him through it, mouth panting hot breath against John’s face as he groaned and spent himself, right arm sliding and gently flailing against Sherlock’s torso as he did so.
his area; he’s clearly accidentally misled Lestrade.
Sherlock unfurls, stretches his legs out before him and leans his head back on the sofa cushion, and turns his head to look at John once more. “Your penchant for elaborate, saccharine language doesn’t extend to declarations of love, I see.”
He’s so swept up in his sweet thoughts that it startles him mightily when Sherlock’s right eye pops open. “John, stop watching me sleep.”
“John is on his way, I believe and he said-” Sherlock paused abruptly as Greg waggled his eyebrows at him.
“A fairly good army doctor.”
“Of course I do!”
On a whim, John clicks on the link for ‘trauma’ and is taken to a page where there are options for message boards or the live, open chat that is currently ongoing. He selects the ‘Chat with us now!” link and the screen flickers and opens on a page that is instantly updating with user responses and inquiries.
, comes the nearly immediate response. John is a bit taken aback by how quickly the reply comes; Guest must have been waiting on his answer. John bites his bottom lip, unsure why he’s not put off by the notion that there’s a stranger seemingly waiting on his medical opinion.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums, and peeks an eye open. The depth there is stunning, and John holds his breath for it. “Will you give me a moment, I’m trying to commit this all to memory.”
“Broken neck,” John said gravely, fists thumping into his thighs. “Broken neck, can you believe-”
The flat is dark, and it takes John’s eyes a moment to adjust. When they do, he catches a glimpse of Sherlock in the hallway, just outside his bedroom door, one hand on the doorjamb, the other hanging at his side. There’s no room to misinterpret what’s about to happen, with Sherlock is stood in his oldest pair of sleep bottoms–John observes things too–and white vee-neck shirt. They’re just going to be sleeping tonight.
“Didn’t like the romance, then? Not good? Taking time with all this?” John begins and then bites down on his bottom lip, worrying it for a moment. “This damned shirt, why did you even- posh little, tiny buttons.”
After a moment he heard the wonderful, relieving sound of John joining in on the shouting, voice strong and sure and defiant. The sound prickled the hair at the back of his neck and Sherlock briefly contemplated telling John to shut up, to stop drawing attention to himself, but he didn’t want to draw any more attention than necessary to John; there was nothing to be done but shout and hope that someone would come for them.
John was responsive to a point that it sounded like he was in pain; his wails came, loud and unbidden and Sherlock had to press an arm across his lower back and keep him from bucking into his face too forcefully. It was a wholly beautiful sight.
“That John fellow, you
or Bill or Will because you’re
His face twists with indecision as he reads his reply and then he slams his eyes shut, bites his lip and hits the ‘send’ button before he can second guess himself.
his inner voice chides,
There’s a beat of silence before John reaches out and places his hands on either side of Sherlock’s backside, pries him apart, open. John’s tongue passes over his lips, wanting and nervous. “If you don’t like it, or want, uh-”
His warring feelings of overwhelming affection and rightful fear coalesce to make him wish the sleeper sofa wasn’t in the room at all. The queen bed might have been enough of a catalyst to spur thought and desire to action, but John can only anticipate the gentle back-and-forth of determining who will take the sofa and who will take the bed. It’s a convenient excuse to ignore the very real tension that has been full-to-bursting between them.
Damn it to hell, it had only been a few days.
that feeling alienated brings. It’s stopped raining, which he should be pleased about but he doesn’t really care one way or the other. John finds himself on the outskirts of St. James and debates going in, oscillating on the pavement before the large, wrought iron gates. There’s a twinge in his chest; he’s sure that it’s beautiful now in the spring, the neatly planted gardens all in bloom.
, not like you need to put massive pressure on your foot or anything.” Greg drawled, took a sip of his coffee and huffed out a sigh. “Right then, you bloody idiot, gather your things, you’ve a gold to win so hurry the fuck up!” His chipper tone caused Sherlock to roll his eyes, but he did as he was told.
Sherlock blinked again and looked just over Greg’s shoulder to where John was sitting and their gazes caught and held. He gave a half smile and John returned it before jutting his chin in a “go ahead” gesture. Sherlock blushed, dipped his head and made his way across the snow to where the press had been corralled.
John trailed off and Sherlock understood. He watched on as John tied his shoe and smoothed down the wrinkles in his trousers. “Oh, and have some egg whites for breakfast.”
They remained silent for a bit, until the cabbie interrupted the tranquility. “Oi, ain’t you that bloke that won the gold in skiing?”
And it settles, like the very first sip of an exquisite vintage, in the pit of his belly: the knowledge that he’s a man in love. It’s as simple as that.
“Not that
Again, he rolls his eyes, nods and glances over Molly’s shoulder. It’s silent for a time and then Molly is passing by him, snagging him by the elbow and tugging him along. “Come on, let’s at least get a drink into you, loosen you up.”
Moran’s eyes shifted and narrowed and his arms crossed snugly against his chest. He was considering what Sherlock had to say, that much was clear. Swallowing against the constriction in his throat, Sherlock slammed his eyes closed momentarily and peeled them back open, preparing to twist his head for one last glance at John in case things went south.
Molly’s eyes soften and he nearly hops up and tears out then and there. But he remains, feeling the alcohol make his belly go warm. “And?” Molly prods gently, motioning to the bartender for another for Sherlock.
over one of the very few things he found happiness in was strange, wasn’t it? “I…” he began, thinking on it a moment longer. “I am. I’m having fun.”
He clicks the trackpad with relish and appreciates the compose box disappearing as he does.
Sherlock tips his head back and around so that John can see his face. He raises his brow, but does nothing to neither confirm nor deny any of the hundreds of thoughts that come to John’s mind. It’s impossible, that a man of Sherlock’s age could…
(See the end of the chapter for
: And why *victim*?
Sherlock frowned, and licked his lips. He had his stock answer, his cold, controlled, post-race diatribe. But it was the last time he’d be giving an interview like this, and truth be told, things
“What are you doing on the floor?” John Watson asked, doctorly concern coloring his voice; he looked just about as tired as Sherlock felt and for a beat, Sherlock allowed himself to simply look up at him. “Are you hurt?”
Sherlock blinks at the next deduction that flits through his mind. Nearly stumbles at the abrupt truth of it.
Sherlock begins and then worries his teeth over his lower lip.
“Oh.” Sherlock stares at John for a long moment, his face starkly blank. “I. I suppose. That would be.” And he stops, mid-sentence, to blink. “Nice.”
It’s a moment before John moves, but when he does it’s with such a flurry that Sherlock nearly has to take a step back to avoid being checked by his body. “Nope. No, you don’t have to do that.”
“Yes,” Sherlock grunts out, and then disappears.
“This is why I love you,” Sherlock says, not bothering to look over at John. He knows his word choice could have been better, but he can’t find it in him to care. “Reminding me what words I’m allowed to use and whatnot.”
John5NF isn’t attractive to him, would it necessarily be a problem?
John smiles at him, a secretive little thing, and Sherlock thinks it’s important, John’s pointing that out, that his sister was dating a woman. But why? Why does he want Sherlock to know that?
“Or, more likely, you felt terrible at having not paid her the last, oh, seven times she offered?”
Sherlock pulls back, only slightly, and shimmies back until his arse if resting gently on John’s thighs. His forehead drops, resting against John’s and they breathe together. “That felt… too simple.”
Very nice.
know Sherlock’s every need and wasn’t it nice that Greg was so
: I do know you.
The last sound Sherlock hears before he’s tugged into slumber is John’s easy laugh, asserting, “You’re right… I’d never.”
when I discovered what I could sell the compound for… and what people would
“Yeah,” Greg admitted, over his shoulder. “But if there’s no one to hug you at the finish line you’re going to look like a bit of an arsehole. Doing you a favor, mate.”
Mycroft sighed and Sherlock found himself smiling at the sound. “I’m through for the moment, but Sherlock, do mind your surroundings. There are cameras
They make a few more pleasantries before Bode peels off to speak with someone else and John finally plucks Sherlock’s mobile form his hand–Sherlock’s face showing an ‘o’ of surprise and gentle outrage–and settles it in his own rear pocket. “You
John’s neck cranes and he manages to smear the side of his mouth again Sherlock’s.
Sherlock smiles, looks down at his lap, feels himself flush and then turns his attention back to the monitor.
“If someone sees me leaving your room… it won’t do.”
“Nah, it’s all good. Everyone know that about Holmesie.” Sherlock scoffs audibly as Bode presses on. “He hates that name and we love that about him. You here for any events or…”
Sherlock was silent as he finished off the rest of his protein shake, staring out the window of the car as it made its way up the mountain. His mind was on the race, on John, on the sudden realization that after this event he would no longer be a skier--not by occupation--and countless other things that buzzed through his head. He was having difficulty focusing on one single thing, which was troubling to him.
There’s a pause from the other side of the door; John peeks one eye open and glances over at it. “I could just kick you out. You’ve not signed the lease yet.”
Wind whips around him and people mill about and Sherlock stands, completely helpless to the torrent of cached experiences he’s committed to memory. They’re stark and indelible and he’s knocked nearly sideways as images and recollections of John begin to filter in alongside them.
“We don’t. No.”
He dipped, taking a quick sip of air through his nose,
to find out John’s taste in mugs for tea, and how he might rearrange the refrigerator and where he would leave the mail after retrieving it in the afternoon. He wanted John consulting on cases with him, wanted his input, wanted him to be involved in the work.
“Well,” Moran cracked his knuckles in the cup of his palm and then settled his hands on his hips with a heave of a sigh. “Just the three of us.”
Sherlock smiles serenely at him. “And?”
John just laughed and waved him off. “Alright, alright, just trying it on for size.”
and, and, fun and I just like you. I…”
John watches Sherlock type for a bit and then gets off the sofa, attempting not to look too eager. Once in the loo, he digs through the paper and finds three chalky orbs. John pulls each out in turn, smelling them. There’s a seafoam green one that has a base, earthy scent combined with something sweeter; another is pink and appears to have flecks of what looks like paper in it. The last is white and smooth with bits of red and blue flecks throughout; John takes a whiff.
“Yeah,” John agrees. “We will… we’ll work it all out, I think. Uhm, but... in the meantime, yes.” John feels as though the very tips of his ears are absolutely on fire; his right hand creeps back to massage at the nape of his neck. “Yeah, I’d like to… sleep with you, yes.” John shakes his head at the ridiculousness of it all, looks to the ceiling, and grins.
“What?” His head snaps up, and he makes eye contact with a smiling John.
Sussex was boring. The bees were never quite as impressed with his research and deductions as he thought they should be. There were moments when he thought of ending it. But he had made a promise to Victor and he would keep it, it was the least he could do for the man.
Christ. He was in such deep shit.
He wasn’t ready to hear that John had moved out of 221B Baker Street. He wasn’t ready to see John going over his proposal to another person at the restaurant. He wasn’t ready to go home alone, face bloody and bruised, heart torn into small jagged pieces.
At John's vacant expression Sherlock rolled his eyes again.
Things ended amicably after graduation, as relationships do when one partner has been destined to work in family business overseas and the other won’t leave London. So when Sherlock saw Victor sitting at his table he didn't huff and leave in a swirl of Belstaff while cursing Mycroft, he continued in and sat down, ordering the most expensive bottle of wine.
"My brother has already secured a flat for me to rent during my studies. He was never happy with my father's solution of sending me here, but has come to the conclusion that the best course of action would be for me to appear to have rehabilitated and adjusted myself to the path my parent's had planned for me. He then offered to become my legal guardian and sole beneficiary once I've finished my rehabilitation here, taking me off of my parents' hands as it were..."
club.
John whined when the older man wrapped his other hand around the base of his cock, preventing his imminent orgasm.
Neither of them talked until John had finished eating and set the plate on the nightstand. John yawned suddenly feeling incredibly tired.
" he smiled.
Sherlock? Are we not done with your little blonde fixation yet?"
"Yes, that's the point!" Sherlock snaps, the haughty tone he was going for breaking when his breath hitches as a result of a particularly well-angled thrust.
Of course no negotiations ever took place, and Sherlock had made sure to have his people watching John pretty much around the clock.
Sherlock started to shiver and tighten around him even more as he gasped out John's name.
John took the note from him but didn't move to the register. "That's a lot of change mate." he said his voice wavering a bit.
With that thought Sherlock's fingers tightened over his arm rests till his knuckles were white.
He zoomed out.
He's was abruptly cut off as Sherlock dunked his head in the water and came back up choking and sputtering like a wet cat.
No one had ever shown an interest in Sherlock beyond schoolyard bullying, being the smartest and youngest in class would make that certain. Victor's friendship was beyond what Sherlock could have hoped for. The day Victor took Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him was beyond comprehension.
" John snapped out of his reverie as a shiver ran down his spine.
Sherlock opened his eyes.
"John" John answered, as he took Sebastian's hand and shook it hesitantly.
"Sherlock." John barely managed on an inhale between kisses, breathing in Sherlock's name.
"Got something to say soldier?" John grunted, slowing his thrusts.
John having leaned on Seb, had caught more of the mess than the older man, who chuckled as he wiped at the front of John's t-shirt while John zipped his jeans back up.
"To London." Sherlock clarified. "Will you come live with me? You can find a job a surgery if you really want one, though you won't have to. As I've said the flat and living expenses will be paid for by my brother."
John couldn't help smiling now.
Sherlock seemed to have disappeared somewhere and while waiting for his return John closed his eyes and started singing the stupid pop song under his breath again.
The other man now leaned in on one arm and raised his own glass to his mouth drinking it slowly as he watched John, the predatory gaze lingering in his pale eyes.
He wiped his other hand and then attempted to clean the mess they'd made as best he could.
The man's form looked familiar....
The way was clear now. He would be there for John, however John would allow it. Even though it tore his heart open. He had done worse to John, he knew that now. This was his penance.
Seb smelled so good. So masculine.
"Sherl-?" was all John managed to get out before Sherlock was pressing up against him.
"I, it's just-" he could feel himself starting to blush under the the older man's gaze.
John looked down and groaned at the unmistakable stain decorating his black uniform t-shirt, and looked up to see Seb just barely able to keep from laughing.
"I'll wake you in a few hours." Sherlock said combing his fingers through John's still damp hair. "Sleep now."
The doors of the lift finally slid open and John stepped into the foyer, toeing his trainers off so as not to muddy up Sherlock's floor.
"Keep the change." He offered.
Sherlock tilted his head and regarded him with a worried look. "John?"
“More, John, I need more,” he moaned while reaching around to hold himself open. John leaned back and spit on Sherlock’s hole, then gathered it and slowly pushed it in with a finger, not stopping until it was deep inside Sherlock’s body. He continued pulling his finger out completely and spitting again until Sherlock was sopping wet. Then he quickly set to work stretching Sherlock open with his fingers and tongue.
His was a world driven by logic and (admittedly) occasionally by physical urges therefore Sherlock had never seen it's purpose in his life.
a job Sherlock. Not all of us have a trust fund!" His voice started to rise. "And come with you
Sherlock smiled warmly at John and moved to the door, but before he reached it John called out.
- The image of John's flushed face and messy hair flitted through his mind almost choking him "...
"So you'll come? With me? To London?" He asked almost breathlessly.
Sherlock."
He went slow at first, their foreheads pressed together, both of them panting heavily into each-other's mouths.
No one in their right mind would want to miss even a second of this.
"London?" John asked surprised.
Seb let go of John's hair and pulled a black bandanna out of his pocket.
Breathing hard Sherlock backed away from John only far enough to look into his eyes.
"S-Sir. Sorry Sir." Sherlock moans as John digs his fingers into that plush rounded cheek, probably leaving very distinct bruises.
There are moments in your life when find home again. For Sherlock Holmes it was atop chalk cliffs, on his knees, arms wrapped around John Watson that he found home again.
Then using the gathering sweat and precome caused by their shared heat and arousal, Seb started to pick up his pace, tightening his fist around them.
After a few minutes Sherlock rose from the desk and pulled up his fatigues, tucking his shirt in and fastening the belt in the quick and efficient manner that had been drilled into him for months. He finally turned toward John who had been watching him with a mix of exhaustion and fascination, and froze.
.................................
"So you -" John stammered.
"Vodka." The man repeated a bit louder in order to be heard better over the noise of the crowd and the music in the club "That's my order."
this. He didn't
"Yes, I'm well aware of that." John replied, bowing his head back to Sherlock's wrists and internally wincing at his mocking tone, knowing it was only to keep the hurt out of his voice.
Sir may I come?" Sherlock begged.
Scotch in hand, John threw another log onto the fire before he settled into his chair. He stretched out his right leg and slowly rubbed his thick wool socks against Sherlock's shoes.
He let go of the younger man's arse and moved his hand up along his back soothingly. John ran his fingers over the dark buzz-cut that had erased those beautiful curls from existence and pressed his lips to Sherlock's temple, before resuming his rhythm in both speed and passion but with an added feeling of affection as well.
"Yeah thanks for the reminder..." John replied sarcastically.
Sherlock lets out a needy moan and John's head goes fuzzy for a moment at the sound.
"Not yet." He whispered against John's lips and kissed him again slow and deep.
"Is it meant to be music?" Sherlock asked with a sneer as he knelt by the side of the tub.
John quickly grabbed at his chin and tilted it down a bit so he could look the younger man straight in the eyes.
"We need to clean your head John." Sherlock answered smugly. "Clear out all of the filth."
As for work, John refused Sherlock help him acquire any form of illegal income, not that Sherlock would have agreed had he asked, lucrative though it may be.
The urgency in his voice causing Sherlock to still and meet his eyes with a look of concern so intense it left John momentarily speechless.
"Come with me." Sherlock said.
John had come back through the storage room, which meant he had been outside in the alley at the back of the club.
“Impatient are we?” John gasped as Sherlock grabbed his cock to steady it and slowly sank down, taking John’s cock to the root. Sherlock stilled for a moment, relishing the burn and fullness of having John completely inside of him. He leaned down and kissed John sweetly.
It was easier then, to let Victor take the lead. It wasn’t that he had given up, it was that Sherlock realized that he didn’t have to put up a fight. He let Mycroft find a new flat for them since neither were interested in searching the classifieds.
"The fact that you're still here and not in line at an unemployment office in some forgotten corner of the United Kingdom or rotting in a jail-cell, is proof that Mycroft approves of you, and though begrudgingly, of our relationship."
"As ever John, you see but you do not observe." The older man stated, a playful smirk curling his lips.
"John." Sherlock smirked, "If I had wanted to leave I could have broken out of this camp and been living incognito in London within my first day arriving here. But that would start another cycle of forced rehabilitation by my parents, a further delay in getting my trust fund, and a waist of my better years frankly." He concluded, sounding almost bored.
"Precisely what I mean." Mycroft stated before hanging up.
Then Sherlock began to move, at first slowly, just rocking his hips to get used to the sensation. Then he straightened his spine, steadying himself between the two chairs, and began to ride John. He set a brutal pace, the time for slow and gentle was behind them. Sherlock wasn’t even certain how John had not yet come.
He felt Sherlock pull out of him and could sense the warmth of the older man's body as he bent over John taking himself in hand to reach his own orgasm. Sherlock came groaning John's name against the corner of his neck and spilling in between them, adding to the mess on the younger man's abdomen. John laid his hand across the nape of Sherlock's neck tangling his fingers in the dark curls and pulled him closer as they both tried to get their breath back.
"Yes." Sherlock answered. "He has promised that so long as I remain
With a soft kiss to John's neck Sherlock stood up tucking himself away and refastening his trousers. He pulled John to stand as well and guided him to their en-suite.
He had seen John in many situations, happy, nervous, silly, angry, excited, sleepy, mischievous, hurt... -and though it pained him, Sherlock would not delete that last one.
while John continued to stroke him through it.
"Your
And so it was a lazy morning — no cases on, no meetings scheduled — that Sherlock found himself awake, lying in bed, watching Victor sleep. He realized that though this wasn’t the life he had envisioned during the time that he was gone, this was his life, and it was a life where he loved and was loved in return.
Damn Mycroft for being right!
"I need all CCTV footage of Kingsland Road between Falkirk and Waterson in the past hour." Sherlock replied.
John had become his greatest addiction, and he was in constant need of a fix.
God Sherlock always tasted so good, smelled so good.
He looked up to the owner of that voice simultaneously relieved and disappointed.
" John's words echoed in his mind.
They had been in Sherlock's room, studying for an exam. Sherlock looked up from the textbook to see Victor staring at him intently. Everything seemed at once in slow motion and fast forward. Their lips colliding. It didn't take Victor long to pull back from Sherlock's frozen face, apologizing for reading into things. As Victor gathered his books to leave, Sherlock blurted out that he had never been kissed before, a blush blooming across his face and neck. He took their books and set them aside, pulling Victor back to the bed. That night Victor gave Sherlock several more firsts.
"Then they're using him for something." He claimed, and Sherlock couldn't tell whether he was deducing, or trying to comfort him in some bizarre way.
“Is this too much, Sherlock? Shall I just stop now?” John asked with a smirk.
and stay in school, I can study what I wish. He will continue to pay for my flat and living expenses out of my own trust fund, which he is now in charge of, and will release to me once I turn twenty-five just as his was released to him."
The older man would not allow him to finish the sentence as he nibbled on John's lips, sucked on his tongue and massaged it with his own, making John feel dizzy and unfocused.
It was easy falling back into a relationship with Victor. Sherlock had always thought of him as a friend first. That first dinner after so many years was a bit awkward at times. The familiarity of each other worn away just enough to leave them on edge. The next dinner was easier, spilling over into a nightcap at Baker Street. It evolved much like it had in their youth.
"Please Sherlock" He pleaded, gasping at another teasing touch. "Pleasepleaseplease ohChristplease..."
Once John was naked, Sherlock pulled him down for a kiss. It started slow, a reassurance that this was what Sherlock wanted, then deepened with renewed arousal and the promise of more. Their teeth colliding as each tried to get as much of the others mouth they could. It was sloppy and wet, the shock of naked skin making them more frantic.
"Sherlock,
He knew he should probably head straight for the shower, but the heat of the walk back had made him thirsty so John walked through the large tastefully decorated sitting room and into the sleek modern kitchen, his socked feet cooling a bit on the tiled floor.
"You have to get back to your bunk before someone realizes you're gone." John suggested. "Let's not make your last week here any longer than it has to be yeah?"
As Sherlock read through the latest messages from Jim again he realized that he could never let John know how he truly felt.
" He ends with a gasp as John sucks the younger mans earlobe between his teeth and bites down gently while still pounding into him from behind.
........................................
He continued to move down John's body, lips never more than a breath away from the flushed skin.
John who was too overwhelmed to make a sound threw his head back, mouth open wide in a silent cry as he came, spilling over Sherlock's hand and his own stomach and chest. He gulped in deep breaths as Sherlock continued to fuck into him, causing stars to spark behind his eyelids with each thrust at his now over-sensitive prostate.
Sherlock sat back.
Sherlock who'd apparently had enough of waiting around for a straight answer simply climbed onto John's lap, wound his arms around the back of his neck and kissed him.
John cupped the younger man's face in both hands, running his thumbs along his sharp cheekbones.
He could feel his cheeks and neck heating and hoped the flush wasn't too visible, only to feel it deepen when the man's lips curled into an amused smirk and the glint in his eyes turned downright predatory.
Sherlock fingers tightened around his phone in fury "You grew to care for him almost as much as I.
Sherlock found his mind would start to wander; he would no longer be looking over the facts. When this became a regular occurrence, he created a new section in his Mind Palace. It was a replica of 221B. It didn’t hold memories, but plans and hopes and dreams. In this flat the upstairs room was a lab, here Sherlock would place the future experiments he needed to conduct. He now knew that he had an incomplete index of torture techniques. John would come home with the shopping and kiss him on the forehead as he made his way to the kitchen. They would sit on the sofa, cuddling together to watch crap telly. At night Sherlock would always go to bed with John in their room.
John moaned out loud as he let his eyes flutter shut, and his head fall forward so he was resting his forehead against Seb's collarbone, one hand still pulling at Seb's t-shirt collar as his other dug into the muscle at his back just below his shoulder blade.
He left London for good. Selling the flat. Getting rid of anything that reminded him of Victor. Sherlock thought that after thirty years he wouldn’t miss the man so much when he was gone. But he did. God did he miss him.
Well, Victor’s dog caught a hold of Sherlock’s ankle first. Everything had been easy after that. Victor was amazed by Sherlock’s deductions. They would sit on the lawn and Victor would pick out people for Sherlock to deduce. Time spent together between classes soon stretched to meals and conversations late into the night.
"Yes. I'll come with you to London." he answered happily.
John was now staring up at the younger man, completely speechless.
When he was properly cleaned and relaxed from the bath Sherlock helped John out of the tub and wrapped him in a fluffy robe before steering back to the bedroom and onto the bed.
Time had passed. Years, decades. Life had gone on. He didn’t think that would happen in those months after John’s wedding. Not only had it gone on, but it had been good. Victor had given Sherlock what he needed and Sherlock gave him what he could. At first it hadn’t been much, but by the end, it had been everything.
John shook his head. "I'm sorry. Tonight's just - I had a long day and I doubt I'll be any fun by the time I'm done working - I'm sorry, I don't mean to be a dick -"
Seb leaned in and kissed him again.
" Mycroft sighed in a warning tone.
Sherlock lets out a long, low moan.
He slid his fingers into the waist of John's jeans pulling him forward even closer and rubbed his thumb across the top button and met John's gaze straight on.
." He growled and licked at the hollow of John's throat making him gasp before standing back and pulling off the younger man's shirt almost violently.
And with one final cheeky wink, he closed the door behind him.
"Yes, I know . . . this case has been more -- difficult. I've had to travel a bit too. It was —  unexpected."
" John started to argue, shaking his head with a sad half-smile.
Every time, just like the first. And he knows he shouldn't keep his eyes closed any longer because he doesn't want to miss this.
" he all but sobbed, his whimpers turning into whines when John slowed even further, though it wasn't without every ounce of self-control he had.
he knew John hadn't been there the night before) but he itched to see even a glimpse of John now. Even if it was only in the no-audio, black and white footage of the security cameras aimed at the bar.
Sherlock had learned that there are moments that bring you back home. He learned this in an instant, his eyes locking with deep blue eyes that he hadn’t seen in years. It was in that moment he knew that home would always be with John Watson.
"That bad?" A deep voice asked and John shot straight up in surprise.
His uncertain tone shook John out of his reverie and he looked at the younger man questioningly.
"I'll have you know that TayTay writes songs of a deep and heartfelt nature, some even say:
Sherlock hadn't considered it before because John didn't smoke, and had always assumed John took his breaks in the storage-room to be close in case he was needed.
It was beautiful and wonderful and absolutely terrifying.
Seb continued to claim John's mouth as he opened the button and zip of his jeans and pulled out his erection from his pants.
But Sherlock was stubbornly unaffected by his bitterness or anger.
The realization that he meant as much to Sherlock as the younger man meant to him, combined with the knowledge that Sherlock didn't want to separate from him and had actually planned a future for the two of them together, filled John with an overwhelming sense of contentedness.
Still holding the open bottle of juice John grabbed the leftovers, a tomato, a jar of mayonnaise, a jar of mustard, and a pack of bread rolls.
Both men froze in shock at the confession.
"'Bout a month or so, yeah." John answered nervously licking his bottom lip.
Sherlock leaned in to press his forehead against John's, his eyes wide and hopeful.
John instinctively wrapped his arms around the back of Sherlock's neck.
John moaned as Sherlock's mouth roamed over his chest, crying out when he sucked hard on one nipple and then the other.
" John growled.
He opened a new tab for the club's recorded feed and began to play the footage of the bar from the beginning of John's shift.
A small gasp passed John’s lips, then gentle hands began caressing pale skin, beginning on the soft globes of his ass and moving up and down, each stroke covering more skin. It didn’t cross Sherlock’s mind until too late, so distracted he had become by John’s touch that any thought of self-preservation was gone. One moment he was lost to his senses and the next John was pushing up his shirt as his hand roamed up further, completely exposing Sherlock’s back to John.
He could never tell with all of the people at the club all dancing and sweating and-
“You weren’t meant to see that,” Sherlock sighed. And he hadn’t planned on John ever knowing, he wasn’t going to tell him, and he doubted even Mycroft would be cruel enough to tell John what happened. No, John mustn’t know what happened. He couldn’t change that fact that John had seen his back, but he wasn’t going to let him dwell on it.
Sherlock's entire body convulsed as his orgasm took over him, spilling over Johns hand in powerful bursts, panting John's name over and over until it became one long hoarse whisper of
Sherlock surged forward again and kissed John with more heat and enthusiasm he'd ever seen the younger man display so far. It was infectious.
Sherlock didn’t have to wait long, soon John was moving to his chair to grab a soft blanket and Union Jack pillow. He turned back to Sherlock with an outstretched hand.
..." John groans as he starts to pump in and out of the body beneath him.
His breath caught in his throat at the look of complete awe in Sherlock's face as he stood above him, eyes wide and mouth slightly open.
He couldn't help himself from teasing the younger man just a little.
...............................
Not that John was completely absent from Sherlock's daily activities even though he was not physically present.
"You don't have anything tying you down here," Sherlock continued as though he hadn't heard him. "Only your job, which as I've already stated: you
Sherlock could picture him sitting on the floor with a heavy textbook in his lap, his notes laid out all around him, sipping at those disgusting energy drinks to keep him awake.
It never mattered to Sherlock what happened after he arrived. He always felt better after a visit to the cottage, to John.
John wasn't there.
Sherlock answered by pressing his hips back against the still very hard cock. John ran his hands under Sherlock’s shirt, gently caressing every inch of his torso. He continued to lavish Sherlock’s neck with wet kisses and began gently grinding his cock against Sherlock’s supple ass in response. One by one, John slipped the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt free and parted the fabric to expose his chest.
." he finished painfully.
Pressing a kiss to John's brow Sherlock pushed the plate of food towards the young man and then sat back and watched as he ate.
." Sherlock sniffed in derision, making John laugh out loud.
But he couldn't.
Reaching John's navel Sherlock dipped his tongue into it as he grabbed the waistline of the younger man's shorts and pulled them down together with his pants.
Sherlock moaned loudly and began to babble.
And his eyes, Sherlock Holmes's fucking eyes that were never just one describable colour.
, the thought almost causes a hysterical giggle to bubble right out of him, because if John was ever in his right mind (which he sincerely doubts), then any meager amount of sanity he'd ever had flew right out the window the day he set his eyes on Sherlock Holmes for the first time.
"Sherlock you don't...I'm sorry. I, you don't have to say it back. Or say anything. You're not saying anything anyway so I guess that's saying something. Which is fine." John started rambling feeling his cheeks turn red in face of the other man's silence.
The next day, John and Sherlock stepped into Bush’s greenhouses. “The harvest this year has really been plentiful,” said Bush. Rows and rows of marijuana plants surrounded them on all sides, some so tall they were pressing against the glass ceiling.
Sherlock laughed. “Broke up? They were never together, you buffon.”
She scowls at me and walks away.
I laugh at my adoring fan and pull a pen out of my pocket. Not realizing that the pen was covered in my semen, I sign my name all over the person’s boobies. She retaliates in horror as she sees that my pen is covered in sticky white fluid.
“Welcome citizens of our great nation!” exclaimed Eren, the debate moderator. “I’m Eren, and this is my husband Levi.” He gave Levi a loving noogie. Levi looked pissed off and stole the microphone. “We’re going to start off with the pledge of the United States. Please join me and rise.”
“This is some dope ass shit,” said John.
It was then that Joe Biden decided to appear again, slapping his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“So John… Tell me about what’s bothering you.”
An eruption of cheering rings throughout the crowd. Life’s good.
Just as he was about to bust a nut, a loud scream came from the operation room.
John and Sherlock walked into the courthouse together. Upon seeing their arrival, the judge, whose hair was half white and half red, let out a big sigh. “Do you have any respect for the legal system?” he bitingly spat at them, but it was obviously meant rhetorically because he immediately raised his voice to address the crowd. “Settle down everyone. Our defendant is finally here. We shall now begin the legal proceedings for ‘Clinton v. Watson-Trump: Micropenis.’ Are both parties ready?” He turned towards John.
“Yeah, we can discuss how you’ll pay us in a sec. We’re busy,” said Sherlock.
“0.5cm,” replied Bill.
“Hello, Los Angeles,” I try to say, but it can’t be heard over the roar of the crowd. I do not waste time raising my voice or repeating myself.
Joe laughed. “Whose funeral is this again?”
The second they made it into the 221B(DSM) sex dungeon, Sherlock shoved John down onto the bed, hard, and began the lengthy process of unwinding his dick.
The verdict fell deaf to Sherlock and John’s ears; at this point, Sherlock almost had John’s Burberry briefs off of him and was about to stick his fist in his ass.
At the mention of Bill Clinton Sherlock lost his erection entirely. “Uncuff me so I can have a look,” he said, his bare ass and limp dick still in the air. John did as he was told.
“OH MY GOSH GUYS IT’S ACTUALLY HIM!!! JOHN TRUMP, CAN YOU SIGN MY TITTIES? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!”
“That’s it! I’m leaving!”
“Hai, perfect timing Izuku. Let’s itadakimasu,” said the judge, walking out of his post.
“John, you get the small one,” said Sherlock.
John looked like it was Christmas and he was about to get a pony. “All right!” he exclaimed, reaching for the handcuffs. He turned Sherlock on his back and cuffed his wrists together. “Get ready for a serving of Daddy’s big cock tonight,” he said.
George W. Bush whooped in the background.
Thanks to that comment, Sherlock suddenly had a great idea to guarantee his victory. He was going to meet John after the debate, and show him something that would surely... harden his platform.
“Fu—fuck, Sherlock!” immediately ejaculated John, soaking his custom tailored suit pants.
“Wait! A kiss for my dokidoki,” asked Izuku, very politely. Shouto smiled at the request of his lover, and gently pressed their lips together. He took Izuku’s hand in his as they walked out to enjoy the lunch Izuku had made them both.
“I was quite shaken up,” added John.
Sherlock burst out laughing. “Wow John, I knew you were small, but not that small!!”
“Okay, we can go in my 2,000 meter private jet,” said John, as he texted his doctor to alert him that he was on the way.
I sigh. “Clearly you’re not. The rainbow fox wearing checkered arm warmers on your phone case and all the cat hairs on your leggings really help your case. Do skip wearing black next time. Although it is the most complimentary for your figure.” I turn to my security, no longer immobilized. “Please escort these children out of the venue. I’m here to talk about America’s
“Yow!!!!” screamed Sherlock. “Baby, be more gentle.”
I take a deep breath. “I’m a man of the people! I’m here to listen. Free college tuition for everyone!”
“Baby...I just...keep on thinking about that monster cock of yours,” purred Sherlock. “I’m so excited for your dick, Daddy."
“I’m sooo fucking hard right now,” Sherlock whimpered. He palmed his erect member, precum already dripping through and soaking his trousers. John whipped his left asscheck.
Sherlock slipped on his Oculus Quest and leaned back, allowing the sounds of the movie to overtake him.
Joe shrugged. “Well, when I did the operation, I, uhhhhh, uhmmmm, uh, so, poor dicks are just as smart as white dicks—wait, no, wait, don’t record that, wait, so the skin, the skin, the skin is the skin and the skin—”
I leave the hotel and walk over to my 3,000 meter long limousine and attempt to cover the gigantic cum stain on my pants. The second I get in, I take off my pants and cover my crotch with the crusty comb still in my pocket. The comb’s bigger than my penis so it’s ok. Corey gets in after me, takes one look at me, and sighs.
Joe looked up and stopped touching his necktie. “Oh hello Sher… uhm, well, it’s uhhhh time for my lunch break now.”
John suddenly realized something was off. He was really horny looking forward to serving Sherlock’s ass a piece of his cock, but he didn’t feel the usual warmth in his groin. He looked down and couldn’t see anything, which wasn’t out of the ordinary. Instead he reached out and patted around the area where his micropenis usually was. He only felt his nuts.
“Sherlock, Sherlock I know what’s wrong now, you just need to—”
“JOE! You have to come, quickly. Something’s wrong with John, I-I think he might be—”
“Now, all we have left is to read his will. ‘First, to my husband Sherlock Holmes-Sanders: I grant you infinite use of all our sex dungeons—though I know, of course, that they won’t be needed, for you’ll never find someone with a dick amazing as me.’”
To this, John nodded. Although they were now in debt with every single one of America’s leading banks, and even some foreign ones too, it would be well-worth it for the massive, erect schlong he’d have after his surgery.
Sherlock put his hand on John’s thigh. “Oh really? Tell Daddy what’s wrong,” he purred.
“Oh John,” said Sherlock quietly. “I was afraid you wouldn’t love me anymore since I’m trying to stop your tax bill. I really think it’s a terrible scam,” sighed Sherlock Holmes-Sanders.
He looked at me as if I had said I was going to build a wall around America’s land borders. “There have been many crazed candidates in the history of this nation, Trump. But none of them have ever come close to this.” He motioned at, well, the entirety of me.
Joe nodded. “The average man is only a little less than uh, uh, six inches—no wait, feet, six feet tall, and having an organ almost three times, err, four, err, well, having an organ so much larger… It’s only natural that the blood isn’t enough for both thoughts and a hard cock.”
“Thank you for the operation, Dr. Biden, but I do believe it’s time for us to leave now,” said Sherlock, slowly winding John’s cock into a hose-like shape and tossing it into John’s arms to carry.
John grunted and shoved everything into Sherlock, balls and schlong. There was a 30 second pause.
“Sorry, got a bit caught up in the moment. Let’s try the 221B(DSM) Sex Dungeon today,” said John, rapidly unzipping his pants.
“How did you know I lived in the penthouse suite!?”
I grunted and shook my head. “Umm… I have erectile dysfunction. It… It never goes over that.”
Sherlock sat John down onto a seat right next to him, making sure that their knees were touching. He leaned up to whisper right next to his ear.
“My lord, five gallons!?” screamed The Doctor, aghast. “That’s how much those standard office water jugs are! I didn’t know the human body could produce so much sperm!”
“Yes, Daddy?” replied Sherlock, oblivious to John’s deepening dread.
I sat down and picked up a tan color, beginning to draw a man. Art was therapeutic, this would help. I drew more and more men, painting my canvas with the bodies of at least 27 men. At one point, George W. Bush stopped painting just to look at my paintings.
Lying right before him was John Watson-Trump and a dick that stretched from his crotch and looped ten times around the operation chair, the end dangling out of the medical curtain.
“Why?” asked John.
“EWWW!!! WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?”
“So, as one last honor to our fallen friend, we will play his second favorite movie. Please put on your VR-headsets and enjoy the show.”
The rainbow leotard wearing man suddenly ripped off John’s jeans, immediately grabbing his My Little Pony boxers and tearing them in half. John stared dejectedly at the broken, torn up face of Pinkie Pie with only a small ounce of regret. He always liked Fluttershy the most, anyway.
Sebastian's tongue tasted of vodka and cigarettes and was as firm and steady as his handshake.
John cried out completely overwhelmed as Sherlock began to bob his head up and down, humming in pleasure as though he was on the receiving end of this attention.
He wanted to wake John up and tell him. To let him know. To repeat it over and over and over till he was literally as breathless he felt at the thought.
"Sherlock! Don't." John pleaded.
John wanted this. He
Even after all this time John still felt so out of place in this building. Especially now as he was wearing old tattered running shorts, a sweatshirt whose print had been worn away by countless laundries, and a pair of incredibly muddy trainers that left a trail on the immaculate marble floor with his every step.
He liked to pretend that John wasn't expecting him; though his hand never quite made it to the chipped knocker on the door before it would open, light and warmth spilling out into the darkness. As he crossed the threshold a weight would lift off of his shoulders and the tightness in his chest would ease.
. How difficult was it to comprehend the importance of
He had been mesmerized by the boy from the moment he'd stepped off the bus with the other juvies.
John was always more perceptive than people noticed. He could read social situations and emotions much quicker than Sherlock, though he was always the last to notice his own emotions.
Reality came back to him in a flood. He failed, had been captured. And this time he didn’t have a way out.
"Honestly John, do you really think a few fences, some boot-camp-trainee guards and a low-grade security system would form an obstacle for me?" Sherlock chided.
“You’re going to perform fellatio on me,” Sherlock stated plainly, though his breathless voice betrayed him. John settled back between the detectives knees, hands braced on the side of either hip, and leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear again.
The camera above the door in the alley itself was of no use, being disabled a few weeks ago.
an act? You did it only to please your parents so they'd let your brother take over?" John asked a little stunned.
An exasperated huff could be heard through the speaker. "
Though Sherlock knew the reasons why he had lied to John it still took all of his willpower to keep from calling him or standing across the street from their flat when he was back in London hunting down a lead. Sherlock needed John safe and whole, so when this was all over they could go back to their life together. He had decided he would tell John everything, not just about Moriarty and his time away, but the feelings that he had been hiding, both from himself and John, for so long. Sherlock wasn’t fool enough to think that John would welcome him with open arms. He knew that he would have to work to gain John’s trust and affection. He was ready for that. He was willing to do whatever it took to be with John.
"I'm leaving next week." Sherlock stated.
“I . . . this really isn’t my area,” he finally managed to whisper. He felt John grin against his neck and then placed a small kiss there.
Sherlock therefore, as John requested, stopped paying for his tuition, though he was working on setting up a scholarship in the name of some made-up person of which of course, John would be the only accepted applicant. It was taking longer than he liked, after he'd realized that it had to be in the name of a real or
" He grumbled.
Sherlock couldn't explain it. He couldn't even truly bring himself to care -and that almost more than anything, was what fascinated Sherlock.
"Sherlock!
"Apparently, you are a good
Victor knew about John. Sherlock never mentioned him, but between Mrs. Hudson and the internet, he had a good idea of what had happened. That night Sherlock told him everything. He told him all the things that he had been planning to say to John when he came back, before the wedding, before Appledore, before the tarmac. He expected Victor to leave, to tell Sherlock he wouldn’t be his second choice. Instead Victor held him as he cried, ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as he confessed his secrets, and whispered ‘
"Stay a bit longer, yeah? Let me take care of you.” A tentative hand came up to brush through the curls at the back of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock held his breath, still uncertain if he should give in, knowing that if he did he would not be able to go back to life without John.
Nothing had broken Sherlock throughout all these months. John didn't believe that anything could, at least he hoped not.
"Good to meet you John." Sebastian said, holding John's hand in a steady grip, and moved towards him taking a long drag from his cigarette and throwing it away to the ground, before angling his head to the side and releasing the smoke from between his lips, his eyes never leaving John's face.
"This whole time, you - being a good little soldier, it really
" John gasped, his fingers digging into Seb's t-shirt and scratching at his chest through the material, making Seb growl.
"And you are absolutely..." He purred against John's skin as he mouthed along his jaw and down the side of his throat.
John’s forwardness took the breath out of Sherlock. Each time he went to answer only a small moan would escape his lips. It took all of his determination to push out of John’s arms and roll to his front, pushing his ass up in the air waiting for John to take from him what he wanted.
His orgasm washed through him, leaving John limp and trembling against the larger man's body.
As for John's demand that both Sherlock and his
“Oh think it is quite obvious what I’m doing here. You’ve deduced more from less information,” John chuckled. His fingers moved to the fly and he nudged at Sherlock’s hips. “Budge up a bit.”
Victor died on a Thursday. Sherlock wasn’t one for keeping track of what day of the week it was since retirement. He would have deleted it if it had been possible. However that morning he read the paper in the cafeteria of the hospital. It was sitting on the table, abandoned. It had been months since he’d bothered to read a paper, so he picked it up and played a game long forgotten. After solving three cases and discovering five more that no one but the perpetrators knew about, Sherlock stood, folded paper under his arm, and walked back to the room that Victor had been in for too long, intending to show off a bit to entertain Victor. The room was silent when he walked through the door. A lone nurse stood by the bed waiting for him. He never said
Sherlock let John's cock slip from between his lips.
His eyes roll back into his head, lids flutter shut for just a moment as he feels completely overcome.
He was tall, his shoulders were wide and very muscular as were his arms. His hair was cropped short so that it wasn't clear if it was blonde or gray and gave the impression of being almost colourless. His skin was tanned, highlighting his eyes which were a very pale blueish gray giving off the same translucent appearance as his hair, and there was a glint in them that made John shiver as he got caught in their gaze. He had a scar along the left side of his face going down from his temple almost to his jaw-line, curving in a bit towards the corner of his eye right above his cheekbone. It somehow made him appear stronger, sexier.
He bunched the material of John's t-shirt in the fist of one hand and ripped the label off with the other.
Sherlock paused and glanced up with an incredulous look. "And what would you pair with a bespoke suit? Combat boots?"
"Was he-? Do you think he meant to
Sherlock was now literally vibrating with suppressed rage.
Sherlock was standing completely still, the only part of him moving were his eyes which were roving all over John's face and body.
Sometimes they looked steely grey, sometimes baby blue, sometimes they were the most fascinating shade of green or turquoise, and sometimes standing at attention, if the sun hit them just right, those eyes would burn with a white light completely colourless, and terrifyingly beautiful.
Seb growled again above him and continued stroking their cocks faster, making John whimper with over-sensitivity.
Have they never heard of a simple bribing system?!
Sherlock started being more physical with Victor after that. Holding hands on the sofa, letting his hand linger on Victor’s leg. Victor took it slow, reciprocating Sherlock’s actions, leaving space for him to make the next move. A bottle of scotch preceded their first kiss (this time around). Sherlock not quite brave enough to try it sober. It ended with Sherlock straddling Victor’s lap, grinding against him, tears streaming down his face as they kissed.
Sherlock felt dizzy and realized that he'd stopped breathing.
"Obviously." He replied in as an indifferent tone as he could manage.
For a moment the older man seemed frozen in place before he removed his fingers from John and quickly unfastened his own trousers.
There was no rush. Victor was content with what Sherlock could give and Sherlock never pushed for more. Then one night, Sherlock woke from a dream. It was the first time he hadn’t been dreaming of John.
John suddenly felt vaguely ill. It wasn't that he'd ever liked the idea of Sherlock hopelessly imprisoned here, or that he had ever though Sherlock incapable of the mind and will needed to break out. But the thought of Sherlock staying in the camp, staying with
"If he wished to hurt him, he would have." Sherlock answered. "And John seems..."
“And you invaded --”
John wound his arm around Sherlock's slim waist and curled his hand around his cock stroking it in time with hard, almost brutal thrusts. The younger man's moans turned into needy pants that punctuated every harsh push at his prostate.
"I didn't-" He stammered. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to just throw that at you."
"John?" Sebastian asked, though what he was asking was beyond John as his brain seemed to stop processing anything at all, until he suddenly felt Sebastian press their lips together.
The man smiled showing off a set of white teeth and a single dimple.
Back to the estate with mummy and daddy?" John snapped.
Sherlock zoomed in on man's face and gasped out loud, feeling his body tense and his heart freeze in fear, just as his mobile rang, shaking him from his shock.
"Here." he said with a sigh, handing the bandanna back to Seb. "Kindly take back your handkerchief good sir. Who even
“There’s my genius detective. Now tell me, would you like me to suck your cock?” John asked. He skimmed his hands along Sherlock’s flank and waited for a response. Every inch of Sherlock’s body was screaming yes but he knew that John wouldn’t touch him until he verbalized his consent. He drew in a breath and whined, “Yes, John!”
" John gasped raising his hand and pressing it to his chest as he tried to calm his suddenly frantic heartbeat. "Bloody scared me."
John hesitated for a moment breathing hard, his eyes darting back and forth between Seb's. He was panicking and Seb could see it.
"Intoxicatingly..." Sherlock breathed along John's collar bones.
"You new here?" The man asked, taking another drag and looking John up and down appreciatively. "Don't think I've ever seen you before."
"Thought so." John smirks as he picks up his pace, his thrusts becoming rougher.
John stilled at feeling the older mans body-heat so close behind him, and his breath hitched as he felt Seb press his lips to the back of his neck.
John also forbade Sherlock from pulling favours with any contacts who may be able to offer him a legal job, under the suggestion that whatever favours they owed Sherlock couldn't be that
"Five quid" John said and looked up to see the man already holding out a twenty pound note.
John was suddenly reminded of his own sweaty-muddy state and realized he must smell bloody awful.
But something in the younger man gave. He relented his non-stop attack on the world and
John meant his own private security detail, especially as John was still meeting Mrs. Hudson on a weekly basis for tea (the infuriating woman refused to relay any information about John's well-being with the excuse of having given the young man her
George W. Bush suddenly burst through the door. “Guys hey guys hey hey guys hey. Come here guys hey here guys look hey here hey hey.”
George W. Bush dug underneath the 6th weed plant in the 9th row of his farm and brought up 3 bongs. One of them was purple, one was black, and one was super super small.
John came to his senses (he can’t cum because he doesn’t have a dick). “You’re saying...we lost?”
“SEVENTEEN
“You’re a furry,” I say, pointing to the purple one. “You read gay fanfiction instead of doing your homework, publically identify as a trash can, and spend your parent’s hard-earned money on imported figurines that you then pose in sexual positions,” I say, pointing to the green one. “And you…” I say that the one with the stone taped to her head, “Judging from the quality of your, er,
Joe Biden didn’t respond and left the room, his trousers clinging tightly to his 77-year old ass. Sherlock, still aroused from before, immediately bust a nut at the sight.
He felt the tears well up in his eyes, and ran out of the room, leaving a very confused Sherlock.
“John had sex with Bill Clinton in a strip club and spread a lot of his seed,” interrupted Sherlock.
“They’re taking my money!?” cried John in outrage. “Damn those socialist commies! I’m going to sue them!”
“You...you always top. Can...can I try for once?” asked John, not making eye contact.
Sherlock, who had managed to shove a fist in his ass and was now trying to get another one in, quickly withdrew his hand. “John? John, what’s wrong?”
in our hearts.”
“Uhh, three,” answered John. He thought back to a few hours ago. “The third one was particularly strong. That was when Sherlock walked in.”
“Oh yeah baby you fucking like that,” Sherlock moaned. He grabbed John’s zipper and unzipped it, revealing the tiny mosquito-bite looking bump on his underwear.
“Uh...maybe 15 seconds?” said John meekly.
At the sound of Mycroft’s voice Sherlock’s dick shriveled. “What? Judge--” but he noticed the judge was gone, as was the jury. In fact, the courtroom was empty--after John’s Twitter scandal, he was viewed as a public sex offender and no one wanted to be near him.
Suddenly, Bill felt a tingling in his crotch.
Bill walked up to Sherlock and John. John didn’t have any pants on and Sherlock’s hand was about to enter his ass. “So, I know $10 trillions a lot,” he said, cautiously.
“So…”
“Hey guys, isn’t that John Watson-Trump? Wow, look at his dick!”
$0 of $12,000,000,000,000 goal
- John
to appreciate all that he did in life.”
Sherlock put down the bill he was reading. “Listen, John...I am not confident in my ability to fit 20 inches of your juicy man meat up my anal track. And, to be honest, I am scared that it would hurt.”
“Well, you have enough for 0.5cm again,” said Sherlock. He managed their joint bank account.
“Hello Mr. Watson-Trump,” Sherlock greeted John in the elevator.
George W. Bush just chuckled. “Hey dude, it’s no secret that you’ve got a .5cm cock. I mean, the whole Internet knows by now! I think you should see a therapist. Here, I’ll let you see mine for today. I’ll just tell them that a special guest is coming instead of me.” He handed me a card with the location and time of his therapy.
“Don’t get your hopes up yet, John,” said Sherlock. “Our court case is in an hour. We should get going if we don’t want to be late.”
John Watson-Trump looked in the mirror in his hotel room. He ran a slightly crusty comb through his hair, trying to tame his wispy curls. He took a deep breath.
Primly, Sherlock takes a seat at his laptop and opens up a reply window.
He picks his way across Sally Donovan’s desk--she should know better than to leave casefiles out in the open, really--before he saunters into Lestrade’s office with no warning.
When Sherlock returns, it’s with a freshly-laundered, fluffy towel, the novel John had just started yesterday, and a set of John’s warmest pajamas. For the second time this evening, John is overcome with Sherlock’s obvious care for him. “I, uh, thanks, yeah, I…”
Sherlock’s brows jump at that, and his eyes take on a new sparkle. It’s… quite something. “Yes, you know him?”
“Definitely fine, just a
John shrugged and set his gaze steadfastly across the room. “Maybe I want someone to chat to, maybe I find you interesting and uncomplicated. But who knows, sorry I… pressed the issue.”
John snickered louder, looking out the window. Sherlock pulled his hand out from under John’s and slapped at John’s thigh in irritation which only caused him to laugh harder.
John boxes up the rest of his meal and opts to go for a long walk, not just to help him digest, but to help him fill his head with something other than the
“Right, so, Greg’s not your friend and Molly isn’t your friend.”
But then, two minutes later there is another new message. Growling, Sherlock opens it, as though it pains him, and reads it twice before blinking across the room at the wall.
“Yeah?” John asked, breathlessly, his eyes closed, lips perked in a tentative smile.
“Nice?” Sherlock carefully supplied; it had been nice, it had been
“You’re not getting out of it, at least not the dancing bit anyway,” John reached out and poked at him and then groaned, having twisted the wrong way. Sherlock gave him a pointed look to which he received a very vehement middle-fingered salute. “We’ll dance, you and I. I want to see your moves. And besides, everyone will be there, everyone will want to see you,” John’s voice dipped. “The
“Nah, a bit tipsy I’ll admit, but you gotta let loose once in awhile, yeah?” Sherlock watched as John’s hand moved to clap him on the shoulder twice. Even after he’d pulled away, Sherlock’s gaze lingered on the spot where his palm had just rested.
They fell into a companionable silence, both of them perched on the gurney, and didn’t speak again until a doctor sauntered over, removing her gloves as she did so. “Holmes, you know this man, Watson.” Her voice was thick and brusque, her composure lending to her appearance of efficiency. “I’m Doctor Suslova, I treated him.”
Sherlock’s vision wobbled as he tried to assess whether John was breathing; it was dark in the room and he still wore his bulky ski parka so Sherlock had to concentrate all of his efforts to gauge whether John was drawing breath. He seemed fragile and small in the chair, his skin lighted by shadows; Sherlock wanted nothing more than to reach out and touch him, feel John’s skin warm beneath his fingertips.
She grinned at him as if she’s expected his reaction. “Keep it together, would you? Anyone might think you’re actually
But John is already retreating, hands in his pockets as he sets off in the direction of Barts.
Sherlock felt his rage boiling, ready to spill over; his hands shook with the force of it.
“How’d you make out, hm?” John pulled back to look at his face.
“And you’re wondering how,” John says after a moment of chewing and swallowing.
“You just seem very chummy with them,” John goaded.
“Nice?” John tries.
Sherlock’s hand snakes behind his own back and he snatches up a paper cup of coffee and takes a sip. When he’s through, the smile is gone from his face and his eyes are--they’re not cold, but they’re icy with something that looks almost like… hurt.
“Yeah man, I hear you.” They fall into silence for a moment, taking in the studio before them. It does all seem a bit surreal; Sherlock Holmes, willing to go on television and talk about his personal life, talk about what it’s like to be a gay man at the Olympics. He’d never particularly thought of himself as a pioneer, but it’s no longer so easy to ignore that he’s standing for something, just by existing.
It wasn’t until the official had entered to tell them shortly that it would be another five minutes before they were prepared to start that Moriarty and his company barged into the space. It had been quiet before, but the volume reduced even further as he entered, the hulking figure of Sebastian Moran pulling up the rear with the man’s skis.
“Is it? Cruel?” Sherlock baits.
Sherlock blinks in suspicion at him. “You intend to bathe in a tub in which I very recently kept a spleen.”
And that’s not fair.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed, but gazed down at John who stared back up at him. John cracked a bloody smile and then winced, Sherlock’s fingertips slipping carefully over his cheek. “We need to get you to a hospital.”
“I am and I’m… I’m not. But you, you’re being dragged into a rather precarious situation, and I wouldn’t want-”
Greg made his reappearance, dirty steak knife in hand and began sawing through the rope. “Jesus, so, he come here to finish you off?”
He wonders briefly if he’s somehow suffering a rose-tinted view, if he can truly be
He reviews it carefully, but the image on the screen leaves him with no doubts.
Distantly Sherlock wondered if the announcers back home were commenting on his presence and wondering if their words were positive or harsh. He didn’t much care either way, as long as they
Can he manage it?
“Hmmm, yeah,” John murmured smugly, looking everywhere but at Sherlock, and then turned towards the direction of the Olympic Village. “But since that will have to wait... gym?”
But she spoke over him, tipping her chin up definitely. “Because
him, for keeps.
“Nominally,” he said with the ghost of a smile, his cheeks rounding and darkening them with the slightest flush.
There’s nothing hurried when they enter their shared room. Sherlock slips out of his suit jacket and unbuttons the cuffs at his wrists while John toes off his loafers, manuevering them to neatness by the door. It would be a night like any other, getting ready to retire for the evening, if there wasn’t such purpose in the way Sherlock stands before him.
Apprehension and nerves coil in his gut, his massive ego unable to tame them. But Sherlock forges ahead, brings his fingers to the keyboard and begins typing.
John blushes, making love. Words he never even imagined he’d hear Sherlock speak, nevermind in reference to the two of them. It hits him right upside the head. He can’t help but grin, attempting to take some of the heaviness out of the situation, his voice tinged with salaciousness when he says, “Every?”
What a foolish idea, he reminded himself after a moment. Surely they would notice if a window had been
When he came to, it was with a splitting headache, though thankfully he could immediately place where he was. His first instinct was to move, but he found that his hands had been tied behind his back and each of his feet were secured to a spoke of the rolling desk chair. He fidgeted, trying to move in the chair, and that predictably got his captors’ attention. Sherlock slid in increments across the floor, the wheels squeaking at he did.
Sherlock’s eyes cut to his, but he says nothing.
If he were alone as he thinks this, Sherlock would physically bat the tedious idiom away, but he restrains himself. Instead, he dips his head towards the menu and pretends to read as his mind whispers to him again, the unformed deduction vying for his focus.
“I’ll rent a new room,” Sherlock murmured, following John’s fingertips with his own in the water..
“Right, then lead the way, would you?”
say intercourse.”
Sherlock’s tongue passes over his bottom lip. “Right. Yes,” his cheeks are still just the slightest shade of pink. “Tired.”
Sherlock hums, looks out across the restaurant for a long moment, before returning his attention to their table. “Is there—” Sherlock starts haltingly mentions, running his forefinger along the stem of the glass; he’s a bit off-kilter, and it’s very apparent in the way he pauses, the way his voice wavers ever-so, but he recovers, “—the possibility of that tonight? You... taking me home?” Their gazes lock, the intimacy ratcheting up immensely.
And with that, Sherlock stands up to leave, typing out a quick response to John5NF.
Sherlock passed his tongue over his teeth, and sighed. “John?”
There was so much to talk about with John, so much to discover; Sherlock found that he wanted to know about John’s childhood, his first kiss, his favorite flavor of ice cream and a dozen more mundane details. He reminded himself then that it was perfectly acceptable to want those things with John, because John wanted those things with him.
at me, or
“What are you doing on the floor?” John Watson asked, doctorly concern coloring his voice; he looked just about as tired as Sherlock felt and for a beat, Sherlock allowed himself to simply look up at him. “Are you hurt?”
“Right, that,” he laughs and takes a step away from Sherlock. “Should head back to Barts.”
“Oh my god,” John mutters as his stomach plummets, swoops in a lovely way.
Sherlock’s fingers find his hair and card through it once, “Goodnight, John.”
“Good,” Sherlock grinds, finding a slightly awkward, but firmer grip on his cock. His voice is rough-hewn and unbalanced, “Neither am I.” John grins, bats Sherlock’s hand away and manages to find the bottle, dribbling a bit over Sherlock’s length before securing the top of the bottle and throwing it across the room.
Therefore, John isn’t surprised that there’s only one room left at the inn, though it does set the nerves in his stomach aflutter. He’s also not surprised that it doesn’t even cross Sherlock’s mind not to take the single room when it is offered to him.
He had an old suit of Lycra on, a suit he planned to get rid of after his Olympic training was over, and he pulled up a pair of training shorts over them for warmth. Lastly, he zipped his heavy parka - the same he’d been training in for the past five years - and fit his helmet onto his head, visor up.
like someone who might be interested in chemistry.
“Shut up.”
: I find I quite like them. They remind me of you.
His stomach did a little flip, much to his chagrin. John was simply being doctorly, Sherlock was sure of it, but his lesser emotions betrayed him, finding affection in a gesture that was likely typical of people in John’s profession. John was a caretaker and as such had wanted to assure that Sherlock was at his best when he went to perform for the day.
