“I know him,” Castiel says. “Jack is a good man. He loves all of creation the way it should be loved.”
When the vans park, Bart throws open his van’s side door and jumps out, gravel crunching beneath his feet. He pronounces, unnecessarily, “We’re here,” his arms are extended to either side, as if claiming the surrounding natural bounty for himself. Raphael and Zach leave the van more slowly, carrying their bags once again.
“Tired,” Cas says, nodding slowly. “Cold. Hungry. The mortal trinity.” He scrubs at his face. “Being human is exhausting.”
Dean bristled at the intrusion into his space, Cas attempting to take hold of the frying pan. He roughly elbowed Cas aside, growling, “Leave it.”
Castiel noted the pink sheen to Dean’s cheekbones, a color he couldn’t place solely on their recent exertion. He smiled. “I would like that too.”
“Oh.” Castiel cannot help the fond grin that blooms, seeing Dean asleep, a small frown line carved between his brows.
The woman harrumphs, the entirety of her displeasure buzzing down the line. “Tell them to stop by quarter-to if they want ‘em,” she says, and with it, she hangs up.
When their last contact broke, Dean rolled facedown into the pillows. He could smell Cas better there, co-mingled with the fresh lavender scent of the sheets. And it was good. It reminded him that Cas was here. Cas was here for him. Would take care of him. It would all turn out okay.
Dean’s not an idiot. He knows he’s kind of kept to himself after Sam left, living in his work and not much else. He closed down, kept things simple with his vision narrowed. But Castiel makes him think maybe he can open up again.
Cas glances up, catching Dean with a mournful look, and it’s true, it’s happening—Cas gave himself up for the kid, and now Dean’s lost him too—
With one arm across Dean’s chest, pinning them together, Cas dropped his other hand down to Dean’s cock, thumb swiping the leaking head and sending Dean to shudder. Dean’s blood surged at the touch, and what little leverage he had now was being used to chase the tunnel Cas made of his fist.
on the higher planes.” Sam turns his laptop back around. “What do we all have in common, Dean? You, me, Patience and Claire.”
"It's a tight fit," Castiel murmurs conversationally, when Dean lands in his seat beside him, their shoulders fitted snugly together. Dean snorts and waggles an eyebrow, and Castiel flushes. "That's not what I meant."
Dean glanced over Cas more closely, eyeing the flashlight cradled in his bad elbow, the tire iron gripped in his good hand. He circled Cas’ bad side, confirming that the flimsy poncho fully protected Cas’ cast from the rain.
It’s late again by time Dean pulls his head out of debugging, his mind slowly dragging away from the zone where programming comes easily. He feels drunk afterward, having submerged sometime in the early afternoon only to emerge again in darkness, having completely lost track of time.
“Hardly,” Kaia grumbles, kicking a rock across the parking lot. Claire bumps her with her hip, and Kaia unfolds her arms and elbows back at Claire.
“Cas,” Dean begins, as Castiel moves for the bathroom. He rises to follow, catching the door before Castiel can close it, although he doesn’t enter. He watches Castiel sit on the closed lid of the toilet.
“That’s good.” Sam nods his head slowly, as if the idea is building steam in his mind. “It’s good, right? Cas isn’t the only one who can enter this perimeter.”
A part of Dean wanted Cas to stand closer. Another part of him wanted Cas to stand far, far away. He couldn’t make sense of the conflict within him, so Dean stepped deeper into the kitchen, using the excuse to put some space between him and Cas.
“Colleagues. Friends. Now hold still,” Castiel murmurs, hands on Dean’s tie. The knot hangs a few inches below its intended target, both end lengths hopelessly mismatched. Castiel tugs to readjust them, dissolving the integrity of the knot; Dean watches the frown building on his brow as he undoes it fully, cursing, and redoes the knot an additional time.
“Rowena,” Dean says stiffly, “not that I’m not happy to see you, but what the hell are you doing here?”
On the days that Dean actually has work to do, Cas will order in takeout for the two of them. He sets up his laptop on the corner of Dean’s desk and camps out there for however long Dean is likewise working, updating whatever documentation seems to fill his time until their delivery driver makes an appearance downstairs.
“Hey,” Sam says, Dean’s laptop balanced on one arm, his free hand laden with a stack of printer paper. “So get this—the local area’s been heavily pioneered by Scandinavians, right? Well, I found something about these creatures called the skogsra, so I printed them off—oh, hey Cas—from the lobby. They’re seductresses of the forest, and skilled in magic and illusion—”
Dean grunted. Castiel peeked over to Dean’s hands, watching how Dean nimbly touched at his own erection. Dean had slicked his hand with lotion from the side table, his hips gently rocking into the fist squelching around his cock.
Benny bumps his knuckles against Dean’s chin in an echo from earlier, to which Dean bows back, annoyed, and swipes Benny’s glass in retaliation. Dean sips at it, wincing straightaway at the flavor. “Sazerac. Really?”
Once at his apartment, Dean wastes little time shucking off his work clothes. The shower spurts on, warming up while he frets his way through his wardrobe. His regular off-hours t-shirts and plaids feel too informal for the evening. Dean settles for a sage green henley and jeans, and pulls out his worn leather coat to wear atop it, the single shirt a little naked for his usual wear.
The fight comes to them quickly, half a dozen djinn fanning out like phalanxes around a central figure. A handful more approach Sam and Dean with elaborate scimitars outstretched. Dean tightens his fist around his knife, counts himself lucky for grabbing a bronze blade; if only it were a little longer, and already dipped in lamb’s blood.
From the other side of the table, Castiel leans in, hand half-raised, looking at Raphael. “If I may?”
Dean feels Cas squeeze his hand tighter, the only thing keeping him from jumping across the table and strangling Garth right now.
“Can you just settle on a damn meeting place?” Dean yells at both of them, resulting in Sam giving a hasty rundown of which roads Max can take to the motel and Max promising he’ll follow them to the letter.
His hands curve over Dean from neck to navel, long fingers coming up and curling through the shorn hairs at the nape of Dean’s neck.
As it turns out, the half-a-dozen strangers who’ve come knocking have a huge favor to ask of him, and so with three minutes to spare before opening Donnie finds himself in the midst of planning an impromptu party, the bar closed to the public via a hastily-scribbled sign, made from Sharpie and printer paper, taped to the outside of the door.
The radio kicked on, flashing through its channels. A song crooned out from an AM station, a man’s voice warbling sorrows through the dusk.
For a moment Dean can’t say anything, can’t believe the verbal knife that Cas has nudged up between Dean’s ribs. Then the fear bows way to wrath, and suddenly Dean has too much he might say.
Dean swallows, tasting blood. He takes his time, his thoughts building along with each raspy intake of breath. “How long was I out?”
Dean blinks hard. He clears his throat, plucking at his ruined shirt. “Any chance there’s a spare in the back?”
Sam must sense the loss as well, probably more so than Dean. His shoulders stay tight throughout the drive home, his mouth and brow drawn onto his face in blunt, downward lines. He splits as soon as they hit the stairs, pulling a one-eighty before he even touches down in the war room. Dean spares hardly a thought before passing him the Impala’s keys. They don’t need to babysit each other, despite how badly they need the proximity of family on today of all days.
The Shadow’s expression twists rapidly, Meg’s features falling with some form of disbelief. “You can’t,” it spits out instinctively. “They’re mine. You can’t have them.”
The drive passed in silence, stuffy with the same uncomfortable funk they had suffered before. Dean fiddled with the wipers, glancing between the road and the passenger seat, then back to the rearview mirror. Sam exchanged increasingly bewildered looks with him, all of which nudged Dean toward talking with Cas.
“Trouble in paradise?” Benny mumbles, staring out at all the nothing across the parking lot. A car parks aways out from them, and a couple of late check-ins dart through the cold toward the lobby.
Castiel’s mouth rumpled. “We’re more than that, clearly. I’m hoping…” He trailed off, looking embarrassed. Dean stared harder, prompting him to continue. “I’m hoping your cycle might help change that opinion, within the office.”
Then he hooked a finger into Cas’ collar and tugged it up the back of his neck. “C’mon. Tub’s getting cold.”
Dean takes Cas’ hand, clasping with both shaking, sweaty palms. He lifts the hand to his cheek and sets it there, kissing Cas’ palm dryly, a soft brush of lips.
“She just… stays like this,” Miriam says, frowning at the human, huddled alone in a dark room without doors or windows. “She doesn’t eat, doesn’t sleep. She longs for her friends to come find her, but she has no way of letting them in.”
Nodding, Dean lets Cas walk past him. A breath snags in his chest, then absently releases. Words with Cas never came easy, but in their current state he just doesn’t know what else he should say.
Cas brought the spatula to his lips and licked the edge of it. He made a delighted hum that weakened Dean’s knees. “That’s very good,” he rasped, his throat sounding sore, as he passed back the spatula. “What are those spices?”
It’s been literal years since Dean has come into the office with more than a hint of stubble, or without his hair perfectly coiffed into a careless rightward slant. There’s no way it will slip by unnoticed.
Dean reaches for his brother’s hand, body trembling with adrenaline, with fear. “Sammy,” he says quietly.
“Great,” Dean says, less cheerfully. Bart gives his too-bright sign-off. The phone falls limply from Dean’s fingers back into its cradle.
Since Jack remade the space into something vibrant, Castiel comes here whenever he needs to think; the garden helps him feel close to his son, even though he is seldom here.
Inias gets stolen from them on some idle Tuesday, snatched up without forewarning by an email sent from Bart. Dean doesn’t even know it has happened until Inias enters his office early afternoon, brows tightened in a frown.
“Yeah, Sammy, that’s what this is. ‘Clearing the air’.” Dean tucks his lemonade between his legs, freeing both hands for finger quotes. Sam laughs and, smiling, Cas tightens his grip on Dean’s waist.
Dean thinks about it. “We’ll need somebody in deployment who can pause the move to production. Hester, maybe, though we probably need to let Uriel know, since he’s the department lead and we’ll need his final say. Also need a QA, maybe two. Anael could confirm on the alpha site, but we’ll need a pre-prod QA since she doesn’t test beyond beta.”
Castiel gives that look again, the one that makes a home in Dean’s heart with more fondness than he could ever hope to express.
“Have a good one, Doug,” Ricky shouts as he’s leaving, earning a puzzled look from the agent, followed by a tight wave from his free hand.
Dean hums, rubbing his lip over the chipped rim of his mug before he takes another sip. “Not sure that leafy shit is worth the time it takes to brew.”
“What’s next though?” Alicia asks, looking around the group. “Forecast is clear, and everyone’s back on their feet.”
Privately, Dean’s more than skeptical about using Cas this way, but most everybody agrees it’s worth a shot so he bows to majority rule. Max and Cas take point in Cas’ truck, working together to find and disable more tokens. Dean and Sam follow in the Impala, alongside Alicia and the girls in Claire’s beat-up beast.
Val nods along, scouring her memories for a man who might fit the description, but the locals she knows in the over-twenty crowd are almost entirely all blood kin. “Must be close, if you guys traveled in for it.” The girl looks up from her phone, surprised, so Val gestures to her hands. “The last girl who wore black nails around here moved away the same day as grad.”
Cas’ reaction was hidden from him, but Dean felt the joke fall flat without needing to see his face. He turned to Cas regardless, hoping to catch his eye, to show Cas in some unspoken way that he shouldn’t take his injury so seriously. Humans broke their bones all the time; Cas was no different, now. But Cas already had his head down and flashlight bowed, heading back to the car as instructed, and Dean was left feeling vaguely guilty, lingering in the rain.
When his stomach had settled, Dean slid on fresh heatbriefs and slipped under the sheets on the dry half of his bed. He withdrew his phone from beneath his pillow, and squinted against the brightness as he navigated his way to the Alpha Services app. A banner notification appeared after his account opened, congratulating him on his second year anniversary with them.
“What? Oh. Just wait.” The rustling sharpened again; Dean took it to mean that Cas was looking for something. “I see it now. Meg must have…” Cas trailed off, his voice becoming a groan, scarcely muffled by what must have been his shoulder.
The trial goes well, for the most part. Whatever the humans want, Heaven responds to promptly, giving them what they seek. And the people are happy—initially. They delight in Heaven’s receptiveness to their every whim, how they are given precisely whatever their heart longs for in the moment: ice cream that never melts and perfect summer evenings; beloved family pets and vacation scenery; radios that play only their favourite songs.
Castiel keeps his gaze trained forward, skimming the crowd. “One tall, bald with a goatee. One short with long red hair.”
Castiel is just a friend. And if Dean thinks hard enough about it, all of his coworkers are friends. There’s nothing special about what Castiel has with him.
Cas snorted but after a deep breath fished in his hip pocket and pulled out a folded bit of notebook paper. "Keep your receipts. I need to figure out how much we can afford to put into savings this month," He reached into an inner pocket of his jacket and pulled out the dry cleaning ticket, gave Dean a nervous look and stuck it in the glove box; "So you don't lose it."
Dean moves from the kitchen to the living room when his ass goes numb in the kitchen chair and his thoughts dry up. Sits in front of the TV and draws pictures of light bulbs and vague angular shapes, phlebotomy bags, tubing, rope biting into wrists, blank staring eyes. All things the girl has shown him, things that won't leave his mind, that chew and bite and rip at his consciousness like an angry chupacabra. Maybe if he calls Bobby?
“Castiel?” Who was that? Did he know someone named Castiel? It—it couldn’t be real. He had no memory of this, the burgeoning dreamlike haze at the back of his mind was trying to tell him he did, but everything was too unfamiliar for him to believe it. Too alien and perfect. There had to be a catch, there was never not a catch— His chest tightened and he had to swallow again just to think, had to dig his fingers into the flesh of his thighs to force himself to think, to push down what he was feeling enough for everything to come back into focus. “Right…” It hurt, scared him that this may be false, that it may be real, that the Djinn may have done this. It was more likely that this may be some twisted shadow of his deepest desire.  Waking up next to a guy was the first clue that something was up, but this—this was the icing on the preverbal cake and he forced the feelings down into the pit of his stomach, forced it away from himself because it’s what he’d been raised to do. Djinn were evil, all the lore said so—He didn’t know much about them, just what he and Sam had been able to dig up. Vague things from TV or stories he’d heard from other hunters, but they had to be evil—right? They fed on people… they didn’t really grant wishes… did they?
The manager smiles and shakes his head; "It looked like you were having an asthma attack... Want us to call anyone?"
“My family is too engrossed in its own internal conflicts to care. I haven’t spoken to anyone but my older sister in a long while, so the point is moot.”
Sam swallows the burn in his throat, knows then that something is missing from this picture, Dean isn’t telling him something. He’s not sure why, but Dean’s eyes… they’re different. Less than four hours under that Djinn’s control and his brother is different. His gaze isn’t even focused anymore, just fixed ahead of himself in the ether;
Sam's voice was thin, remorseful and when Dean turned to look at him Cas was standing there beside him with his messy hair and scruffy cheeks and tie on backward. Jess was there too, watching him with those glass colored eyes of hers.
The TV was on. It looked like Creature from the Black Lagoon or something like that, it was vaguely familiar, there were dozens of movies made like that in the forties; A big grotesque monster waddling through the underbrush with the pale golden beauty swooning in its gnarly arms, dragging her away to do unspeakable things to her.
His t-shirt was rucked up around his neck and a few buttons from Cas's shirt went flying across the room-One landed in the pickle jar and Dean laughed, the sound caught between their lips. "Why you gotta wear such baggy clothes, huh?" He swept his hands up Cas's ribs and rubbed both nipples with his thumbs, entranced by the bow of his spine and how the knob of his throat bobbed as his head fell back. He wasn't sure when Cas had made it to his lap, or when they'd forgotten about the beer but it didn't matter. There was so much skin. Pale and every so often there was a little freckle, a tiny ridge of scar tissue, a surgical scar low on his right side and a few dimples below his sternum and along his side. Dean traced them with his fingertips, asked with the curl of his eyebrows and a low growl.
Cas looks at him, swallows, takes a drink and breathes out; "Cocky... Distant. You-You've never brought me lunch before... You get drunk, or we get drunk... It-" He took a steadying breath, "-Sometimes you... it felt like you didn't even see me, that I didn't matter. That I was just here taking up space and picking up your laundry... Sometimes it was like we were from two different worlds. Like I didn't even know you and you didn't care enough to know me." He swallowed and there was something dark and troubled in his eyes. "Sometimes you'd look at women and I'd wonder... What's stopping you from having that... Why are you HERE instead of chasing her?"
Dean, apparently is the lump because now the blankets are pulled back and he's looking at his own sleeping face, palm mashed into his cheek, lips parted, lashes fanned on his cheeks. His hair is a mess and his skin is pink from sleep warmth. It's weird seeing himself asleep, he thinks he looks strangely vulnerable and he's not sure he likes it. If he'd found out someone was taking sleeping pictures of him before the djinn he would have had a problem with it. Below it is another photo of the same thing but now Dean's eyes are open and he's looking into the camera without really seeing it.
His eyes were like starlight and worn denim. Familiar, constant, comfortable. They'd been there his whole life and it was like just having those words opened the floodgates in his chest. He leaned into it fully, caught Cas by surprise and just kissed him. Felt air rip into and out of his lungs through flared nostrils and fingers bit into his scalp, angling his head for better access, scraping over the place below his ear and latching on, bitesucklick until he could feel it pulsing along with his heartbeat as Cas's mouth moved on, hands pushing at his shirts, yanking open snaps and demanding, taking.
He followed, powerless. Watched her, couldn’t look away, everything she did, everything she was burning into his brain. Her hair was messy, makeup a little smeared where she hadn’t got it all off before bed. There was a coffee stain on the collar of her robe and a little crust of sleep in the corner of her eye. As she passed him he caught a hint of her perfume, the scent of her shampoo.
He dodges the first two scimitars slicing at him, pushes in while Sam gets tossed into the stairs by a couplet of aggressive djinn.
Dean’s eyes are bright, shining even when dropped down to the beer in his hands. When he looks up, his expression sobers. He looks uncharacteristically sincere. “Uh. Like Jody said, I wasn’t planning to make it to forty. Better people than me didn’t. So.” He clears his throat. “The odds say that I shouldn’t’ve, not after everything me and Sam have done, but we’re here. So. Thank you. For seeing it through with me. And here’s hoping we’ll all be here to celebrate again next year.”
“They’re neniven,” Cas says quietly, keeping his gaze trained on the pair chittering to him. “Relative to glaistigs. Tutelar creatures.”
A taller girl stands now, one with dirty blonde hair. By her description Dean assumes it’s Abbie, rising to the defense her sister. Abbie looks to the guy as well, seeking reassurance. Haltingly, she says, “Trent said that we could stay here. That Etri and Aini and Wemi would protect us. That we wouldn’t have to go back.”
Dean cranes his neck over his shoulder and is slapped in the face by the sight of Sam and Cas approaching,
Castiel sighed. To either side of them, the truck headlights winked on. “Not in a traditional sense.”
They cross to the base of the main stairs, the light beating like a pulse as they move. The queen grasps her skirts, lifting the hem enough for a bare foot to peek out and touch the first step.
Cas reached across the island, plucked a tomato from the fruit bowl. “These aren’t store bought. They’re too small.”
Dean rocks back in his chair. Disappointment claws up his chest, scraping raw his throat. His eyes burn, stinging, dry.
His gut curls instinctively as he crosses the former edge of the puke perimeter, but it’s almost fully dissipated now, nothing to worry about. Cas doesn’t turn to look as Dean approaches, just keeps his fingers sifting through the tall grass growing up around the fenced-in field.
He knows how Dean has been staying late daily, despite Castiel’s best efforts to re-route production defects onto Inias’ plate. It is inconvenient, but Castiel will wait him out now, and catch Dean as soon as he steps out of his office at the end of the day.
The sauce simmered, the pan slanted sideways on its burner. Dean unfroze himself and dug a stirring spoon out from a drawer. He scraped it around the pan, fishing out the blotches that had been burned.
“There’s another cake?” Jack exclaims, excited enough that Dean can hear it in his voice, even though he can’t see him.
The young One looks to who might be his father, hesitating, then back to her. “Maybe there’s something you could do about the kitchen …?”
Castiel shuts his eyes against the Shadow’s encroachment, swallowing thickly. Its teeth graze the tendons in his neck. “I’m here to help you,” he says quietly, and the Shadow laughs. And laughs. And laughs.
Castiel accepts all their suggestions with grace, following each tirade with a solemn “Thank you.” He answers all their inquiries in a quiet voice, his hands fumbling together beneath the table. Dean can sense the tremble in his arms, the way Castiel’s fists tighten in his lap. A strong urge within him wants to reach out and comfort him. A bigger part of him knows what a mistake that would be to make.
“It’ll be fine,” Ricky tells him, waving idly. “Just stick to that spice ratio, and don’t overcook ‘em.”
Dean nods, throat working hard. A grin bursts out from him, pricking at his eyes. The breath he’s been holding since Cas was taken from him finally breaks free. “I’m glad.”
Castiel watched Dean’s expression, noting the way he absently licked his lips. It was a moment before Dean caught him staring.
to paint would’ve been more helpful, but he sets himself stubbornly onto the task, sketching out a stick figure with a wolf snout and huge biceps. Painting the fur becomes a sloppy struggle, so Dean opts to focus on the background of grass and a sunny sky for the remaining two hours of the class, eavesdropping on the couples gossiping nearby.
Castiel removes his bandages and pulls out his sutures, once sufficient time has passed. He shaves every morning, only to be greeted again by stubble before the day’s end.
Too many things are begging to be spoken. Dean’s left too much between them unsaid. He swallows hard, bullying his voice back to steady. “How long?”
as he shifted in place. His shirt pooled around his armpits, exposing the long line of his back. “C’mon, Cas.
Miriam leans back in her chair and swivels to face him, her chin already propped up on her fist, expression unimpressed. With her other hand, she lazily flicks the booklet at Dean. The paper crumples as he catches it, the booklet’s orderly pages knocked akimbo from its flight through the air.
. The girl checks her phone list in between fielding texts from what seems like a hundred different people. It’s only while looking for the more specific party supplies that Val’s memory starts failing, and she begins to lead the blonde astray.
Old instinct had Dean freezing, the muscles in his back stiffening like a shield against whatever—whoever—was behind him. There was a knot pinning him to a person and he couldn’t run, couldn’t get away—
Dean mutters something rude before chugging back his iced tea, the glass feeling cool against his overheated face. As much as he’s embarrassed by what caused it, Dean could stare at the gummy smile Castiel gives him all day.
Dean remains frozen in place, arms upright in alarm. Cas fixes this by leaning down and taking Dean’s cock into his mouth.
Dean rose to height, steadied only by the fact that he didn’t want Cas to be alone. He moved in slowly, ready for rejection, crowding in until Cas’ forehead gently bumped against his hip.
But Castiel must respect Jack’s wishes. And so when he enters into Dean’s darkened bedroom, Castiel does so while remaining hidden from human sight.
Was it worth putting himself through a conversation tonight? One that Dean knew would result in him never seeing Cas again?
Dean snorts, then flinches at the way it rattles his sinuses. “One penalty, but fifty-three opportunities to dish them out. I swear, if I hear one more guy hissing ‘cocksucker’ at me, I’m gonna—”
“Honestly?” Sam breathes in, full of purpose. “I think it’s something new.” He leans in, his chair squeaking. “Think about it. An attacker eight feet tall, out in broad daylight. Bending an entire city’s attention away like it’s nothing?” Sam shakes his head. “We’ve been doing this our whole lives and I’ve never read or heard of anything like this.”
Thank you everyone who made it this far, particularly those of you who took a chance on me and followed the fic as it was updating. Writing is an inherently lonely hobby, with hours and hours of labour spent on something that can be consumed far more quickly, but you kept me company and kept my spirits up. This fic sits really close to home, and having your comments there gave me a lot to think about.
. Dean spread his legs and arched his back. Let his head loll back onto Cas’ shoulder. Let one arm come up to keep Cas exactly where he was kissing along Dean’s throat, teeth dragging along tendons, tongue soothing in their wake.
“I wish.” Dean grimaces. “Would’ve stayed if I was, but they stuck me behind a sales desk. Spent my days hawking cars to people who weren’t exactly keen on buying.”
Ryan shrugs, the compliment warming her, even if she isn’t really interested in what inspired it. She knows she has some defensive skills, but she’s intentionally let herself grow rusty. She’s just never been interested in facing down monsters herself. “It’s just nice. Finally. Having some options besides fight or die.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel said, his mouth pressed into Dean’s hair. “Let me get you a change of clothes. I’ll bring them back, and then I’ll go handle my own situation.”
Dean drapes a heavy arm over Cas’s shoulder and pulls him in, lets himself tuck more firmly into the space Cas has claimed from him. He scratches his fingers through the thick hair at the nape of Cas’ neck, catching sight of his own hands winking through. The nail beds have softened, the color returning to pink from the prior black and blue. His vision has cleared. His teeth sit firmly-rooted in his head. Dean is tired, but finally feeling his strength return.
A loud, slow clapping erupts behind them, and when Dean turns to look, he finds Chuck standing there, smiling. Pearly whites shining behind that shit-eating grin.
Dean doesn’t want to think about that just yet. He clears his throat. “So, what’re you gonna show me?”
Now alone, Dean stares at the square of paper Castiel left for him. He crumples it in his fist, tosses it on the desk beside the party hat Cas likewise left behind.
The guy has some kind of aversion to socializing, too, judging by how infrequently he leaves his office foxhole to join them on the battlefield. Castiel’s engagement with the team is at a bare minimum most days, averaging scarcely more than the occasional one-word response to any conversation he gets sucked into en route to refilling his coffee. Otherwise, he seems content to scurry back to his hiding place, his time better spent plucking away at his computer than, y’know, actually
Castiel hums. “Michael is more worried about status and appearance than whether any of us are actually experiencing happiness.” His chin drops, his face growing somber. “He saw me as flawed for pursuing an education degree instead of a business one. Everything that went wrong after that was my fault.” He grimaces. “Even at Luke’s law office, I was held responsible for errors that weren’t my own. There was always too much to do, and not enough that I was capable of doing.”
Perhaps his cock would be different. Castiel trailed his fingers down through his pubic hair and gripped the base of his limp cock, giving it a slight squeeze that was more strange than erotic. Squaring himself, he made a circle from his fingers and pumped lightly at his length, but his cock barely stiffened in response.
“Uh, just today. This afternoon.” Dean huffs a breath, smiling. “You were the first person I wanted to tell. Figured you’d—get it. Seeing how you also… yeah.”
“I dunno,” Dean says, the same time as Miriam announces, “Tomorrow, 8 AM.” She pats Inias roughly on the shoulder, and passes him another slice of cake. “Looks like we’re cleaning your desk out today, bub.”
Dean raises his gun as Jack’s neniven crosses by him, to which it squints its amber eyes at him and flexes its fingers. An electric shock runs up Dean’s arm so sharply he drops the gun. The creature shoots a foul look at the weapons held by Claire, Sam and Mary, but it leaves them be when they don’t make any further threatening motions.
Dean motioned to the mark on his face, a bruise freshly shaped by a fist. “Talked shit, got hit. Came back for the medkit.” He raised a brow at Castiel. “Since when do you need to shower?”
“What, you thinking today?” Dean scoffs through his fries. “Sorry, but Cas just said he needs more time.”
“It is his dream,” the djinn replies, cryptic, appearing between one breath and the next beside him.
Dean nodded, eyes closing. Castiel laid a gentle hand atop Dean’s hip, his thumb rubbing small circles. Dean relaxed into the touch, his muscles unwinding, his breaths slowing into something deep and steady.
Dean packs up his laptop, turns off the light in his office, and leaves without wasting a goodbye on Castiel. He just takes the elevator down to the parkade where his baby sits, waiting for him in a spot not too far from the exit. Dean checks the Impala over for scratches her neighboring drivers might have left during their five o’clock escape. But there are none, and Dean can drive home with one less worry on his mind.
As Dean gets closer, he can tell Cas isn’t breathing. Must be doing the bored-but-meditating wait he does sometimes instead of imitating sleep, the kind that scares the shit out of Dean whenever he reaches for Cas in the dark.
Dean half-listens to the TV, half-focuses on the creature’s route over the traffic cameras. Claire and Patience spread their gear across both beds and start memorizing all they can from social media, everything from commentary about the kidnappers to the lists of Libby’s online friends.
The gesture would have been enough to gauge Dean’s temperature, but Castiel does not stop there. He crowds in closer to Dean, bare arm wrapping loosely around him, its weight coming to rest warmly on his waist. His palm slides around the back of Dean’s head, cupping his neck, leaving room for Castiel to dip his head forward, their brows now pressed flush together.
From where he’s crouched between the chairs, Dean looks around, panicked until he catches sight of Sam up ahead, back-to-back with an allied djinn behind him. The both of them have their blades upraised, slashing at enemy djinn as they come.
Dean laid there, eyes closed, just experiencing the sensation of being scented. When his pulse had calmed, he asked, “What do I smell like to you?”
“Cas, c’mon.” Dean leans down, close to Cas’s ear. He fits his hand around Cas’s shoulder, tugging gently. “The tethering is gone.”
It isn’t an answer, though it confirms the worst in what Cas said. A long and silent moment hangs between them, settling like a sheet atop their bodies. Then: “You’re right. I should have told you. About Jack. Maybe if I had…”
“I still get nervous,” Dean finished, “especially around an alpha in rut, but Cas… You’ve never done anything to make me afraid. It’s all just… younger versions of me, taking turns behind the wheel.”
Dean rolls his eyes. How does Castiel not see what’s happening to him? No point beating around the bush. “They’re phasing me out, Cas.”
She shocks herself with the admittance, the cold wash of truth hitting her harder than the heat of her embarrassment. Sure, it’s no secret that Val wants to move to the city, but to just go telling people that, it’s …
“To, what—me?” Dean pointed at himself, laughing. But when Cas didn’t join in, his jaw fell slack. “Cas, you serious?”
“Bingo,” Ash says, pointing with his beer. “Not everybody getting up here are saints, y’know? We’re people. We fuck up; we obsess. We want to talk to people who hate our guts, and we yell at people who love us because we get frustrated. If you take us out of our perfect little memory loops, we start making mistakes again.”
Dean’s fine watching the trio chatter from a distance, hashing out how to handle things now that Inias is also gone. He figures that it’s the kindest gesture he can do for Cas: waiting until the crowd has dispersed before refilling his cup. Castiel has been cloistered away in his office all day anyways, phone held to his ear every time Dean crossed the floor to sneak a glance. Approaching the coffee cubhole now would only make things more awkward between them.
Castiel considers the question. He has his body. Aches and pains. Sutures across the majority of his abdomen. A bad cut across his temple that stings whenever his expression shifts. But beyond that...
Castiel takes a contemplative bite of his burger. There’s so much history contained in this one basic device. People he doesn’t know, chatting frequently with him. People he does know, falling silent. So many memories lost, that he might somehow glean.
His body trembles with delightful friction; he’s breathy and groaning by the time he awakens enough to do more.
Castiel touches a hand to Dean’s back, between his shoulder blades. Dean shivers, but he does not move away.
Two years already. Dean had been calling on Cas to fuck him on schedule for two years now. Except the last couple times, when Cas didn’t—
“Jack, I’m sorry,” Dean says. “I shouldn’t have—” His breath hitches, grief rising in him, fit to drown him, as he thinks how hurt Cas would’ve been to know that Dean refused to call Jack family.
Cas doesn’t look at him, but he angles the screen so the view is available to everyone. Dean watches long enough to determine that yes, that is the Fonz, even if Claire’s cultural milestones have shifted him onto something from the past ten years. He settles in to enjoy a show he hasn’t seen in ages, and certainly not with a grumpy, newly-human angel chuckling along with the track.
Cas comes in closer still, so near that if Dean crooked an elbow his hand would brush Cas’ hip. And Cas does as much, his fingers trailing down the outside of Dean’s arm, dragging a shiver in his wake.
Indignation flares within Dean, and before he realizes it he’s elbowing his way into the seat beside Castiel, nudging Anael away from her intended chair. Hester and Uriel take up the seats on Castiel’s far side, the two of them looking far more relaxed than Castiel has a hope of being while he’s here.
He doesn’t have a moment’s peace with the puzzles before Kurt’s eyes are boring holes into him, a hundred unasked questions foaming up the junior’s neck. Hank sighs, reaching for his pencil. “What now, Kurt,” he says.
Still. Dean knows better than to continue bugging the guy. Crackling open his chip bag, Dean pops one into his mouth, taking a crunching bite. “What d’you say, Cas?” he teases, mouth full. “Thinking of taking up axe throwing full-time?”
“Walk,” says Castiel. “If that’s okay.” As they walk out of the parkade together, Castiel adds, “I didn’t think you’d remember that restaurant. It was weeks ago I mentioned it.”
But Castiel isn't stupid. The childlike hopefulness got pounded out of him a long time ago. He doesn't dare think that that means what it sounds like. Here, help can mean anything. Help can mean a blindfold tied too tightly around Cas's eyes. "This will help you follow orders, Cas." Or an old rag stuffed into his mouth. "This will help you learn not to talk back to me, sweetheart." Help can mean Dean forcing Castiel's jaw open and shoving his hot, hard dick down his gaping throat and saying, "isn't this helpful, Cas? Aren't I so nice, helping you learn how to do this like a good little slut?"
". Dean doesn't know what the fuck that's supposed to mean, but it conveys a weird mix of desperation and embarrassment. He chuckles, fingers tracing down the side of the boy's neck.
It's straightforward with no room for argument, and Dean's got his hand out waiting, so what choice does Cas have? He pushes his jeans down his thighs, face starting to burn. He doesn't look at the other as he steps out of them and hands them over. Flashback to junior high phys ed class,  where Cas isn't even a hundred pounds and his classmates have taken to pointing at his exposed body as he changes in the locker room and naming all the bones they can see prominently.
them go out. He finally manages to think of nothing. He imagines a blank screen, a tinted window, a foggy field, a chalkboard wiped clean.
There's a shocked, pleased sort of sound from Dean but he reciprocates nonetheless. It goes from chaste to downright shameful in a matter of seconds, and Cas really, really can't explain it.
It's not like this is a new thing. It's not like Sam is totally unaware of the things Dean has done; the things he
He sets a careful pace, keeping his steps light as he follows Cas through the bunker. He can hear the boy's heavy, terrified breathing from up ahead of him, and he makes sure never to get too close. Cas keeps whipping his head around at non-existent sounds, eyes wide and lips parted. He's scared. Scared of getting caught, scared this is a trap. But every time he looks, Dean melts into the shadows like he is one, and a look of calm momentarily passes over the boy's features before he continues on down the halls, thinking he's safe.
Sam is standing there, wringing his little wrists, glancing between Dean and the door. His mouth is moving but no sound is coming out.
Cas is breathing rather heavily through his nose, still leaning his head against Dean's legs as he thrusts. It can't be comfortable, but friction is friction is friction. Another minute or so and he's groaning through the cloth, movements becoming jerky as he coats Dean's laces with come.
Dean stands, kicks him abruptly in the ribs, and then drags him unceremoniously into the trees by the side of the road. Cas sees his only chance at survival slipping away, away. He is helpless.
Part of Dean wondered if Cas would be too scared to go for it, but he supposed that in the end, hope will always trump fear, no matter how valid that fear is.
Suddenly Cas drops his hand and instead grips the backs of Dean's thighs, uses them to pull himself down as far as he can go. It's only about halfway, but it's impressive. He swallows a couple times, and Dean groans when he pulls back again and releases him. Fuck fuck fuck.
Before they pull off the shoulder, Dean turns toward the back seat and holds a piece of fabric out to Cas. Taking it, Cas realizes it’s a pillowcase. Black. Not quite opaque, but solid enough that he won’t be able to see through it. He frowns, looking up at Dean like
He's breathing hard through his nose, and there're steady waves of pain rolling back and forth behind his temples. He guesses it's probably due to how hard his jaw has been clenched for the last however many minutes.
. But Dean's always been more inclined toward the sadistic than Sam has, even if the younger Winchester does have some unsavoury hobbies of his own.
Dean draws the boy forward and slams him back against the frame of the vehicle. Cas groans, tasting blood as the movement causes him to bite his lip.
Time to sit up-- wake up? Is he awake? Yes-- he can feel drool coming out of his mouth and it wets his cheek and helps him peel his face off the leather… the leather seat. A leather seat.
A rock. A rock in his stomach. He feels spit pool in his mouth and can't swallow it. He gives a small shake of his head, barely detectable, but it's Dean so of course he sees it.
Sam suggests that the four hours they have left to travel is too long for Cas’s pain to go untreated. Dean rebukes that, stating that Cas knew what he was getting himself into, and should have known there’d be consequences. Not too long after, though, they stop at what Cas assumes is a gas station, and Dean tosses a plastic bag into the back seat. Sam helps him take a few over-the-counter painkillers, which, if Cas is lucky, might work about fifty percent.
He turns onto his stomach and begins to drag himself away, but Dean stomps down hard on the back of his right calf, pinning him to his spot, and he screams. Presses his forehead into the asphalt. Feels sobs wrack his body, choke him into submission.
"Castiel? Interesting name." And then the car's in drive and they're taking off and the man - Dean - turns his music back on low. "So where am I taking you, Castiel?"
He can't remember how long ago it was that he laid himself down, but be remembers flinching with each portion of bare skin that pressed into the floor. He's curled up on his side and everything is freezing, it's fucking numb, he can't actually comprehend how cold it is. If he ever gets out of here, he will literally do anything for a blanket or coat.
He flinches, but he can't move much beyond that. His teeth are still bared. Spit drips down his face and pretty soon it's gonna go into his mouth. All he can do is stare up at Dean, beg him with his eyes for forgiveness.
"That's okay," Dean says. "I'm here now." He pulls back, but keeps a hand between Cas's shoulder blades. "C'mon, I have something for you."
Tongue on his dick again and this time it's slower, more hesitant, reluctant even. Cas should feel grateful. It's a fair deal, Dean thinks. One little blowjob and his family lives. He has half a kind to remind Cas of that, but the boy seems to remember it on his own accord as he starts to put a little more effort in.
He's pulling at his wrists; at the makeshift restraints that keep them held above his head. As Dean cuts into him, he arches his back off the ground. Makes it harder to keep the cuts shallow when the canvas won't quit squirming, but Dean won't tell him to stop.
"How did you think this would end?" Dean asks from somewhere above him. "What good did you think would come out of this?" He crouches, turns Cas over onto his back like roadkill. Blood from his smashed nose runs down his cheeks now; into his mouth. He sputters, sounding like a wounded animal and feeling even worse. His arm is splayed out to the side, his useless, broken hand twitching at the end of it.
When he wakes for real, he's hungry. Really hungry. There's no way for him to tell how long he's been asleep; whether it's been half an hour or an entire day. Neither one would surprise him. He realizes with a sick feeling that he has to pee, and he lets his head fall back against the wall, his eyes slipping shut again. If Dean doesn't come uncuff him soon, if he's left alone for long enough, he's going to wet himself. He doesn't need to add mortifying shame to the ever-growing list of complicated emotions brewing inside him, so he hopes it doesn't come to that.
A hand on his back, meant to be soothing, and Cas flinches hard. The hand disappears. Cas breathes heavy through his mouth, saliva pooling under his tongue. He lets it drip past his lips. He’s more awake now, but there’s still something in the back of his mind that he can’t quite access. It has something to do with the car and the voice talking to him and the hand opening his eye and touching his back and…
He stands there, arms at his sides, palms pressed flat against his bare thighs to keep them steady. His chin's tilted up and there's a grown man holding him, forcing a tongue between closed lips, and Cas feels himself start to panic. Trying to suppress it will only make it worse. He opens his mouth to let himself breathe a little easier, and that was a mistake, because Dean seems to take it as an invitation. A tear slips down his face silently, because he doesn't want to make Dean angry, but he can't stay here. He can't keep letting this happen. It's too much, too much.
He places his hands on the broken window frame and cries out as his hands are sliced open by the broken glass, but he hoists himself up anyway.
Dean watches him listen to the sound of it, his hand still stroking steadily. Cas looks like he wants to start crying again, but Dean thinks his eyes are shut too tight for that to happen. If Cas were a few years younger he'd be saying "don't", he'd be saying "get off of me, that's gross, I don't want that". But he's old enough to realize that that won't get him anywhere, so instead he's letting it happen and looking more and more like he might throw up every passing second.
He shakes his head, disgusted by the man in front of him. He has nothing more to say, and any more defiance could earn him some serious punishment.
Whenever Cas wants water, he has to ask Dean if he’s allowed to sit up. He stays on the floor, but is granted the opportunity to unfold himself, sit, stretch a little-- as long as there are no other cars on the road He’s thirsty, and the water feels good on his underused throat. He gets to lift the hood past his mouth, but must keep it over his eyes.
Right now, Dean's content. His guard is up, it always has to be, but John is out like a light and Sam will be asleep sometime in the next half hour, so he goes to his room and opens the window. Leans halfway out, torso stuck in amongst the tangible heat of the night air. It's quiet and dark and nice, he can appreciate it, sue him if he likes to take a moment every once in a while and breathe in something sweet that doesn't want to hurt him.
Sometimes he feels like he has to hurt something, too. He can't do that to Sam, so he spends his time trying to find new ways to give himself bruises. Prods at his stitches every now and then, seeing if he can make himself bleed.
At some point in the night, Cas snaps awake. Up to that moment he'd slept heavily, but now he's up and he can't get back to sleep and something's bothering him but he can't figure out what. He lays there in the dark, stomach churning with unease. He forces himself to take a deep breath. It's nothing, he tells himself. He's just unnerved by the events of earlier that night. But even still, something's gnawing away at his conscience.
He gets up and leaves the room like it's nothing. The sounds of a heavy door opening and shutting, then footsteps receding upstairs.
But there's no response. After a while Dean sits back up, reaches over to his bedside table for a small bottle of lube. Cas tries to clamp his legs shut but Dean's between them, so he just presses his hands to his face and pretends this isn't happening. Dean squeezes a scarily small amount onto his fingers and rubs them together, and Cas feels his chest tighten.
"You've broken the trust we spent so long building up, Cas. I can't just let you get away with that."
He can make out a solid shape which must be Dean's back, hunched over and hulking. On either side of Dean, on the floor, there are two sneaker-clad legs. Small. Kicking. Sliding back and forth on the floor and trying to push against Dean.
Sam bursts out laughing, “Don’t take it seriously, flirtation is one of his default settings, right between ‘General Overcompensation’ and ‘Smartass’.”
The music played for a little while, maybe three or four bars, then Dean sat up. Sam watched, intrigued and maybe concerned as Dean climbed unsteadily out of the car and staggered off toward the road. He stood there staring up at the sky with his left hand shoved deep into the pocket of his jeans, right moving the bottle to and from his mouth.
There's another monster movie on, A giant brain with eyes is flailing around in a 'lab'. Some infomercial, Thundercats, stock exchange-
He nodded hands sliding up Dean’s arms, catching his lapels and rubbing his thumbs against them; “I hold
"And today marks the anniversary of the crash of United Britannia flight Four-two-four... Indianapolis Residents held candlelight vigils in memory of those who lost their lives..."
"It'll still be there when you get back, come on," He caught Cas's sleeve and rubbed the fabric between his fingers.
His muscles protest crouching, he can still feel the slide of skin on skin, Cas's breath in his ear; 'I'm here'. He pushes it down and starts looking through the drawers and cabinets.
He aches in his chest feels like those empty silences between heartbeats will stretch on forever and he'll just cease to be; "I'll die... the djinn'll drain the life outta me in a couple of days-"
Cas faced forward, hands on his knees, waited a few seconds and spoke; “I believe you had important business?”
A million things rushed through his head at once. Ghost… Young girl, college campus, wearing all white. Probably a pledge. Sorority girl then, have to check around, mysterious disappearances in the last fifteen—no better make it twenty-five—
He moves, thinks maybe he was wrong, maybe she is vengeful. The apartment isn't warded! There are no devil's traps, no salt lines and she's about to hurt-
Neither of them actually sleep, but Cas comes out bright and early the next morning wearing another suit and carrying a leather messenger bag/briefcase thing with a rain coat draped over it and pauses over the couch.
"You don't have to worry about Sam anymore," Jess says it like it's a promise, "You get to watch him have a full life."
Dean shut his door and purposefully smacked the lock on the passenger side, slid the key into the ignition—Cas stooped and glared at him through the window and the next thing Dean knew the door was unlocked and the other man was dropping into the seat, expression sober, blue eyes locked on Dean.
He looked up at her, little wrinkles and stained collar and grey hairs all and thought she was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. “I think so…”
It was a factory complex of some sort, most likely steel works or iron judging by the size and age, graffiti covered some corners and walls, some of the windows were covered in soot and dirt and grime, others were broken out and water dripdripdripped off slanted roofs and sagging gutters. It was a testament to the Midwest, industry lost to decay, the American Dream of yesteryear left to rot by its children.
“I do not need you to baby sit me, Sam,” He shrugged from under his brother’s hand, pulled his shoulder away in a single quick jerk like Sam’s fingers burned through the leather.
Dean blinked at it stupidly, everything between his ears stuffed with cotton and a strange chemical-sweet taste clinging to the back of his throat.
It's going to take time to fix things with Sam. He's not sure how much time, but more than he has at the moment. He's gonna have to do this himself. Sure. Yeah! It'll be easy. She doesn't look like she's angry, she's just... she just wants to be found. It's not common, but it's happened before. She wants her killer to be stopped.
He fell asleep sprawled on the sofa with a photo album on his chest and woke slowly only a few short hours later, at first he was unsure where he was, shocked a second time by images of his family together and whole when his memories told him otherwise.
The next page is taken up by another picture and a slot where it looks like a DVD has been but it's not there and Dean isn't going to look for it. Cas is in these photos, lying on the bed pressed in close... kissing him-and he's kissing back. There are no lines of tension on his face, Dean, in the photo-is relaxed, calm, still not quite awake.  It seems luxurious, Normal, sharing drowsy kisses. He's not sure why, but part of him wishes he could remember it happening.
"It could, yanno... Maybe it gives us some kind of supernatural acid and then just feeds on us slow-"
"Look, I wanna help you. I-I really, really do, but you're having some kind of," he reaches for his phone, "psychotic breakdown-"
Sam follows him a lot more closely than he had before, rolls his feet so there's not a sound and keeps flicking his eyes back and forth waiting for that thing to come back and discover them.
He thinks the motion is Cas at first and he looks up, apology on his lips and instead meets dull dilated eyes and matted hair. Her blouse is torn, shredded in places, practically brown with filth, there's blood on her skirt and the soles of her feet.
Castiel seemed to take it as a complement and lowered his fist; “Someone has to be, otherwise you martyr yourself… I’ve cared for you too long and too deeply to just brush off, Dean Winchester. If you’re going to do it at least respect me enough to say it to my face.”
His heart jumped and he spoke in a low hushed tone, feeling the walls closing in on him, uncomfortable and nervous in this strangefamiliar place. “Sam?”
There aren't many words, fewer conscious thoughts, Dean sees home in his eyes and grips tighter with all his limbs in an effort to keep it where it belongs.
Cas doesn't say anything for a while just stands there looking at him and breathing quietly. Dean thinks for a moment that Cas might just stand there all day staring at him but then the smaller man exhales and the words come out in a whisper; "You have today off... If-I'll call you on my lunch break..."
Dean parks at the end of the lot away from other cars, locks his doors and stares down the grocery store like he would a demon. There are people going in and out, pushing full carts, carrying bags, dragging screeching children. He snags a cart as he makes it inside, doesn't even care that it's got a wobbly wheel, and unfolds The List in the kid basket near his hands. He needs a strategy, get in, get out, get what he needs for cheap. In his head he sections the list off into different departments. Frozen, Dairy, Meats, Dry Goods, Toilet Paper, Bathroom things... C-condoms... lube. Jesus Christ, does that say Preperation H?
It was a nice place, really it was, conservative, but classy at the same time. Guitar in the corner beside another large shelving unit stacked with old vinyl records, CDs, cassettes, an impressive stereo system and more photographs Dean didn’t take the time to stop and examine. There were his keys, in a bowl on the end of the countertop that extended into the main room beside a set he didn’t recognize with a large yellow foam fish keychain, one of those floaty ones that were supposed to keep your keys from sinking if you drop them in water.
Dean calmly rolls down the window, like maybe it's too stuffy, snatches Sam's phone away and tosses it.
Cas laughs quietly into his ear and nuzzles into his throat, leaves a trail of warm, watery kisses and breathes in. "I got you... I got you."
Dean's light lands on the phlebotomy bags and a sharp pain jags through his temples. He's seen this before. He's-
It's uncomfortable, feels a little disgusting and stings-holyshitFUCK that stings. His face contorts and Cas shushes him again, helps him to his feet and they stumble naked and numb to the bathroom.
The photo on the opposite page was taken at night, is slightly out of focus but more genuine. They're at a table, string lights are hung over their heads, there are tiki torches burning behind them to keep away the bugs. Cas is in a red t-shirt and his swimming trunks, leaned against Dean's shoulder with a beer halfway to his mouth. Their cheeks are squished together and someone else has taken this photo because Dean's hands are occupied, one holding his own drink, the other around Cas's shoulders.
The djinn pulls at the tubes and wires on the phlebotomy bag, rumbles again and drinks, tips it up to its lips and squeezes like a fucking juice box.
Sam pulls him in, wraps his arms around him and squeezes until Dean’s breathing becomes labored, then releases him.
The dry cleaning is simple. In and out, he pays in cash. All it winds up being is a few of Cas's suits, pressed and clean and smelling like chemicals and 'flowers'. Dean puts them in the back seat and gets lost on the way back to their place, manages to find it because the address is on his driver's license and pretends he did it intentionally.
Dean understands that. He does. He's even amused by it and some dark little part of himself wants to make a giant copy of the picture he'd left the album open to at the apartment and stick it RIGHT THERE where everyone can see it.
He finds an unused notebook in one of the kitchen drawers and sits down at the table to list out everything he's experienced in connection to The Girl.
It had stopped raining sometime between the djinn touching him and waking up, but passing under trees left big fat drops on the windshield and Dean gave the wipers a flick, eyes scanning street signs, ignoring blaring horns when he cut off someone in a minivan and kept on going, mumbling to himself directions he only vaguely remembered. He glanced at his watch, thirty minutes. He’d lost thirty minutes and his whole world had changed.
Dean's jaw twitches and he looks down where Castiel's feet are in his lap. "I... it feels like I've got a second chance or something."
Sam's jaw is tense and the collar of his jacket is purposefully stood up like he's The Fonz or something. "I'm goin' with you."
Cas shakes his head, hums and takes a beer for himself, flicks the cap with a snap of his fingers and watches as it tumbles through the air to land in a pickle jar on the coffee table half filled with an assortment of other caps and can tabs.
Dean turns the blade toward him defensively and Sam bounces back with his eyes locked on it and his pulse visibly beating in his neck. He's gray in the face and there's sweat on his forehead.
The door opens and Dean turns his head, feels himself smiling when Cas comes in blinking at him with a crooked suggestive grin on his face. His tie is still backward. "I hope your afternoon was satisfactory."
"Cas..." The sound came out broken, needy. It scared him that such a sound had come from his mouth. Scared him that he had no control over it, no words to describe what he wanted, no experiences to gauge it against to even tell himself what he wanted. "Please-"
Cas held up the key chain with the floating fish on it. Now that it was dangling in his face Dean could see there was more on there too, a little silver Swiss Army knife and three keys. One of which was a replica of Dean’s. “You gave it to me, remember? After you locked yourself out in the rain three years ago and had to call a locksmith.”
He doesn't black out completely, drifts and sways and feels disconnected, but he hears everything, feels everything, slits his eyes open when Cas brushes his knuckles against his temple and tells him to push out, easy-that's it...
And, yeah, he was trying to weasel that out of him after all. Just that Dean had no idea what his plans were yet.
It was around ten; Dean was sitting on his motel bed, zapping through the channels on TV without really finding something that piqued his interest when his phone chimed with a new text message. It was Alejandro.
Maybe it was the way this getup affected Dean’s attitude, made him walk with a different kind of stride, act and speak with an aura that exuded a both raw and sensual eroticism that Cas could not escape. It seemed like Dean was playing a role - one that he had created to embody bits and pieces of all his favourite Western heroes - and yet, that role did not seem artificial or dishonest on him, more like it was a side of him that was brought forth to the surface as soon as he’d put on that hat and slipped into those boots.
Speaking of printed books. Since this is the longest fic I've ever written (should have around 130k words once it's completed), and also the one I'm proudest of, I was looking into prices of having it printed for myself and a few friends. There's a company with rather low prices here in Germany who makes book prints.
He had no idea where he even was when the daylight already started to fade a little, and so he finally took out his phone and checked the area. The first thing he saw on the map made him laugh, even giggle like a silly little schoolboy, because, apparently, he was only a few miles away from a peak called ‘Butt Mountain.’ At the very least, he had to get closer and try to find a sign to take a selfie with, because that opportunity - juvenile as it may be - was just too good to pass.
About Ghost Shark: I have not seen it. I do enjoy the occasional silly shark flick, and I've seen all the ones Dean listed (Sand Sharks is kinda awesome, because it's more of a genre parody than anything else), but Ghost Shark sounds just too stupid. Plus I couldn't find it anywhere, but I watched a summary/review on Youtube. Sadly forgot to save it and now can't find it anymore. Maybe you'll have more luck. All you need to know is that they actually have to burn the corpse of the shark to make the ghost disappear, which prompted Alejandro to say it's even somewhat educational, lol.
He's standing in front of the closet, Cas is asleep in the bed behind him and that girl is between them. There are bodies hanging there between his shirts and Cas's suits, rotting and dripping onto the hardwood...
Cas doesn't use force and oversensitivity to try and get noises out of him after that, bows his head and sinks back into the rhythm of it, spreads his knees so he can move and hugs Dean's thighs to his chest with one arm, wraps the other hand around his dick, still slick with a little extra lube. The pull and twist is easy, second nature, all part of the ride.
Cas hummed quietly under his breath; “Glad to know I can still distract you… I didn’t even have to have my head in your lap this time.”
The lump in the bed beside him was unexpected. A body curled and half hidden in the quilt, a long pale arm poking out from under a pillow, a pair of glasses dangling from the limp grip of long fingers.
Jesus... It's raining again but he doesn't feel it, just stares, stares and can't stop thinking that he's managed to fuck this up somehow. He's had his dreams handed to him and they've ruined all the good he's ever done.
A gray haired man with a goatee stared at him disapprovingly as Dean shoved past him on the side walk and into the street. He almost started running, his mind wasn’t working, was an empty sucking void through which there was only one constant, what that picture had shown him changed everything and nothing else mattered but that. His hands shook as he jabbed the key in the lock, slid behind the wheel and had the ignition turned before he’d even shut the door.
“’had blue eyes, Sammy… didn’ pull ‘s hair either… said ‘e was glad I’d changed. S’good…” He stares into the light of their lantern, the fat moths and mosquitos and little bugs buzzing around the light. “But ‘wasn’t real… none of it—“ He laughs. “How fucked up’s ‘at, Sam?” He takes another sloppy drink, spills most of it because he chokes halfway through, his face twisting into something agonized, stands up and chucks the bottle as hard as he can into a maple growing a few yards away. Water splatters everywhere, silvery diamond drops frozen for an instant in the lantern light, then gone.
Quiet. Maybe the stir of early insects, the distant rip of an airplane as it made its way across the sky.
Cas's grin is devious and he leans forward quick to steal a kiss before he's at the bookshelf and slotting batteries into his camera. "No penis, no penetration shots, right?"
Cas's fingers are just hooked on his, easy and casual and all he's ever wanted and Dean realizes this is it. This is everything, all of it. He doesn't need anything other than this...
“If my gender suddenly offends you then at least have the balls to say so, don’t just bite your lip and pretend you didn’t hear me. Don’t insult me by ignoring my presence. If you’re having a crisis you tell me. We can work through it together. We’ve worked through worse and I will not tolerate your indifference now, or ever!”
“Maybe,” Castiel agrees, light and careful. “But it’s challenging, handling all the tasks they give you. Adler is so absent… I can see how wires can get crossed, and tempers might boil over.”
“Well of course, sugar buns!” Garth proclaims, and with deep reluctance, Dean allows his arm to be slung like a doll’s around Garth’s neck, although he draws a line at the forkful of scrambled eggs being airplaned his way.
After his head has cleared, Dean hauls the cooler out from the back and grabs a lukewarm beer. He props himself up against the trunk and looks out at the last remnants of the sunset fading between the trees. Crickets chirp through the twilight. Dean keeps his gaze trained upwards, watching until the stars come out.
Dean pulls the photo out from its album pocket and shreds it into tiny pieces, scattering it beneath the table.
“Thank you, seriously.” Doug looks young with this puppy-dog look, his eyes shining out from his mop of hair.
What’s left of legacy throws Castiel a party. Hannah sneaks up from the break room with a marble sheet cake balanced between both hands, its edges piped with fluffy white icing, a message scrawled on the top wishing Castiel a bon voyage from the office. Anael hands out cups of soda, and Miriam sticks a funny paper hat atop Castiel’s head, as if they’re celebrating his birthday instead of his resignation.
Castiel makes a noise, something as unimpressed as it is unhappy. He buries his cheek into the pillow, hiding himself away.
The neniven turn out to be more ‘protective’ than ‘parental’ toward their wards, so when the kids forego their bedtime routines in favor of building a bonfire, Aini merely rummages through the cupboards for marshmallows, and the other two neniven uncover a ridiculous number of muskoka chairs to set up for their guests around the firepit.
Dean sits quietly, listening to his brother's deepened breathing, waiting for Sam to resettle. Sam takes a long moment before speaking again.
“Sure,” Dean says, his voice thin and raspy. He goes to shuffle his paper, then realizes how stupid that looks and stops midway through the motion.
“He’s the lawyer, right?” Victor glances to Castiel, who nods. “Yeah, we might have a thing or two to talk about.”
He tried forcing shut the door, but the alpha—Castiel—had jimmied his foot in the way, giving him further opportunity to talk. “A moment, please. I understand this is a difficult time for you, but—”
“Except this one girl,” Claire says, flipping through a stack of paper. “Rebecca Maurier, age fifteen. She disappeared fourteen years ago, a self-proclaimed runaway. She was gone for about a week before coming home again.”
Dean sighs, brushing their brows together. He curls his fingers gently along Cas’ arm. “So… d’you wanna do that again sometime?”
Castiel groans, his breaths hitching. He palms the side of Dean’s head, thumb running over the shell of Dean’s ear. He touches their mouths together again, firmer, deeper, fingers tightening in Dean’s hair.
Cutlery clatters loudly, his fork having dropped against the plate. Dean’s stomach churns unpleasantly, putting a damper on his appetite. “You’re getting pulled off legacy?”
Cain moves from his perch, rising to full height. “You both are adequate with the hatchets. You can move on to the axes this afternoon, if you’d like.”
Kurt looks close to handing in his resignation, for all that he seemingly appreciates Hank’s firm suggestions. He says nothing for a long while, the darkening shade along his cheeks conveying all Hank needs to know regarding his position on the matter.
Cas, bless him, understands. He should; he knows Dean better than anyone. His soft smile grows wider, his hand fitting firmly in its resting place, cupped snugly against Dean’s cheek.
This last comment comes with a thump to Dean’s back, followed by a clasp of shoulder so heavy that Dean weakens beneath Benny’s grip. Benny gives a slight squeeze then heads off, back toward the lobby. The cigarette stubs out along the way.
“Sounds good, princess.” Dean reversed the Impala and angled his way through a k-turn, edging them back up the dirt road toward the highway.
Ruby seems uncomfortable with the trappings of heaven, as mundane as her surroundings are in the garden. She tugs at the sleeves of her leather jacket and plops down on the ground, leaning her elbows on her crossed legs. Her shoulders are tense, her gaze cast asunder. “Don’t really know what I’m doing here, Cas.”
Groaning, Castiel stretches his neck from side to side, then bunkers down fully into his laptop, determined to handle the meeting alone now that he’s certain he’ll be down a partner tomorrow.
There’s more, so much more, that Castiel longs to do. He settles for tucking his knees up behind Dean’s knees. For folding his icy feet in between Dean’s warm ones. For holding Dean as he squirms, turning around in Castiel’s arms so he can balk and frown and kiss and complain, all while Castiel beams brightly, grinning over at the man he loves.
“Y’know, Novak ain’t the only one worrying after you,” Benny says casually. “Might be the most obvious about it, but…” Benny shakes his head, then squares himself, looking Dean straight in the eye. “No one blames you for what happened, alright? None of the boys think for one second you wanted to come out to us this way.”
With a rough breath through his nose, Dean filled a second bowl with pasta and carried them both through the living room.
The day of axe throwing comes on a muggy summer morning, the air wet with the aftermath of thunderstorms that had rumbled through the area in the night.
Dean nods along, pushing the details into deep memory as they recite the additional information they all know about the case.
Dean allows his hands to be pushed upward, pinned at the wrists above his head once his shirt comes off. Cas sits down in his lap, hips rolling, and Dean moans openly, squirming at the friction against his crotch.
Jack is different now; up close, Castiel can sense a change of life within him, the thrum and crackle of divine energy skimming beneath his skin. Jack conducts himself in an oddly composed manner; he slowly circles the throne, indifferent to the room and to Castiel himself.
Val knows a jacket like that couldn’t have been bought locally, no way. And nobody around here gets away with smoky eyes before six o'clock unless they’re only passing through.
They deposit their hauls onto the kitchen table. Dean unpacks the snacks into the kitchen, while Castiel unwraps the pot of daisies and sets it by the lone available window in the hall to the bedroom and bathroom. He pokes at the soil in the pot, fingers testing its moisture levels and finding it satisfactory.
Dean shouldn’t be so comfortable with someone so transitory to his life as a coworker, but with Castiel it’s easy. Dean just… talks, without worry or judgment, discussing things he’s long-buried out of sight. And Castiel listens, rapt, to whatever Dean has to say, offering just the right amount of empathy and interest to keep Dean wanting to say more, keeping the night afloat on small observations and confessions that accumulate, like snowflakes, into a cozy blanket that covers them both.
“Mm-hmm.” Castiel digs through his dresser, looking for casual wear that might fit Dean’s narrower hips and taller frame. The pair of gray pyjama pants he finds is a bit ratty, but the dark t-shirt is well-worn and has no holes in it. He drops the folded set onto the foot of the bed, and then returns from the ensuite bathroom with a cool damp cloth in hand. “Change your clothes,” Castiel says, “and then put this on your forehead. It will help.”
The longer Dean sits there, listening to the other managers speak, the more he realizes he’s severely screwed up even coming to the meeting. Everyone else at the table knows what they’re going to say before they say it. They’re all actual managers, not the half-breed pseudo-leader Dean has become for his team. They all have some kind of paperwork situated in front of them; even Castiel appears to have a portfolio of some kind ready for the meeting.
“Next time, call our analyst,” Dean reminds Indra politely, reciting Castiel’s extension number for good measure, but it’s to no avail. Indra just repeats his appreciation and thanks Dean for his promise to get back to him by the end of the day.
This close to twilight, Dean keeps the drive simple and picks a suburban area on the northwest end of the city, one of the few places along the perimeter that seldom fluctuates. He makes a point of not speaking, keeping the radio turned up and his gaze trained on the road ahead.
“Resting?” Dean tries to rise again, pushing up on an elbow. He orients himself by the dull glow of a bottle on the nightstand. Across the gap between the beds he sees Cas, propped up by pillows and dozing, his arms across his torso above the covers. He’s been stripped of his trench coat and suit jacket, the dress shirt and tie too. The remaining undershirt is dotted with dried blood, and otherwise soaked with sweat.
Claire stops part-way past the diner, halting just as sweat breaks out across Dean’s brow. The ache in his skull is growing, sharp and so familiar that he briefly wonders whether his hangover is back somehow. Withdrawal, maybe, though Dean doubts a three-day binge amid a lifetime of drinking is enough to trigger such a thing.
Dean might not be legacy’s official leader, but his efforts have made him the de facto system analyst, spanning the tenure of the last three SAs and then some.
. His mind darts away from the idea only to return to it eagerly, prancing like a dog being promised a walk in the park. His palms break out in nervous sweats; he drags them down the thigh of his jeans.
Dean tells himself, as his teeth clatter and his body trembles, his mind thrust sharply into consciousness, that it was just a dream. His subconscious doesn’t know what’s good for him. It just makes up whatever it wants to get him laid.
“Cold spots, weird smells, flickering lights.” Dean flicks his fingers out by rote. “Hex bags, sigils, and unusual objects. Y’know, the usual suspects.”
“For years, I told myself not to get greedy,” Cas murmurs, mouth against Dean’s cheek. “Told myself not to want more.”
“The feeling is mutual.” Castiel laughs lightly. “I keep looking over at my coworker’s desk, thinking I might see you there.”
Dean climbed out from the car, the engine left idling. He trudged his way down into the ditch, wondering what had caused a pumpkin patch to incongruously grow here.
But Dean merely ran a limp hand up Castiel’s back, his palm rubbing slow circles as it slid back down. Castiel clutched at Dean’s shirt, afraid of what might follow, but Dean merely held him until Castiel felt foolish for attempting to hide in this way.
They strip the sheets off the bed, relegate them to the floor with the rest of their clothes. Dean comes back from the bathroom with a washcloth in hand, passes it to Cas with a kiss pressed to his temple. Once they both are clean, they change into boxers Dean digs out from the dresser, and sleep beneath the stack of blankets let loose by the night.
“Mm,” Dean agrees, slathering the scrub across his nose and chin. “Except we can’t, not without proving everything’s kosher around here.”
Dean leans into him, licking his lips until they shine. His breath mingles with the faint puffs grazing across his cheek, where Castiel’s mouth rests so near to his own.
Conversation luxuriates around them, swirling through the room. Burgers are ordered by damn near everyone except a skinny guy who brought his own clamshell container, its contents indescribably red, and Donnie’s servers are kept busy busing tables for the next couple hours. Sam comes up to the bar for a pair of drinks and then sidles off to the side with Jody. A redheaded woman Donnie unfortunately recognizes appears for an order of red wine, grinning like a cat when Donnie keeps a cautious distance, his eyes peeled for any possible disruption Rowena might cast his way.
Down in the parking garage, Dean pushes uselessly at Castiel’s grip again, refusing to allow Castiel to hold him upright as he walks. Castiel keeps him close regardless. He leads them to his small blue rental car, but Dean appears to have other ideas. He drags them off-angle, toward a long black car that seems too huge to be crouched in such a small parking space.
“Don’t say anything,” Dean murmurs roughly, when Miriam looks over him, gaze lingering on the furnace glowing in his cheeks.
Dean feels wrong-footed as soon as he enters the meeting room, the last one to arrive and sweaty to boot. Raphael sits at the head of the conference table. The department heads for products and implementations—Naomi and Marv, respectively—sit to either side of him. Bart is positioned next to Naomi, presumably here at Raphael’s behest to provide details regarding special projects.
Hank rubs his eyes, taking a moment to brace himself. He looks the women over and, yeah, they look like law enforcement to him too, damnit. This one would be harder to pass away.
The radio blares sudden emergency sirens, jolting them both in their seats. Dean’s heart pounds as the alert fires. He turns up the volume on the radio:
“Maybe.” Castiel shifts his footing. “I was working on the priority list for legacy. Bart said I could take it over from you, if that’s alright.”
With nothing to do but wait, Dean kicks at the field around him, stomping down a small crop circle in his current spot. He spins slowly, listening to Patience and Alicia chatting, his gaze carrying out across the prairie. It’s odd, now that he’s thinking about it, that Cas had to shore himself up before stepping out. Like he was gathering himself before walking out into a storm.
Dean throws the Impala into park. Cuts the ignition. Road dust floats by outside their windows, painting the landscape hazy and pale. The engine ticks down as it cools. Dean leaves his trembling hands on the wheel.
When he’s done, Dean drifts through his various social media accounts, playing catch-up to other people’s lives, scrolling without really thinking. Belatedly, he realizes it’s past midnight and he’s overdue for sleep.
When the end of the day comes, Dean waits alone in his office, door closed. Only after the light in Castiel’s office goes out one final time does Dean pack up his belongings. He puts the party hat in the trash, his laptop in his messenger bag.
Dean shrugs. His mouth screws up in an approximation of a grin. “Maybe. There was a rough patch, when me and Sam were on the road most of the time, travelling back and forth between the households. He hit a rebellious streak and, uh.” Dean’s chuckle fades, grin falling. “Made it hard to keep him under control.”
Once inside the Impala, Dean waits with the key unturned in the ignition. Truthfully, he doesn’t feel like going hunting, not after a day spent fruitlessly circling this flyspeck of a city. Really, he just wants to sit behind the wheel with his phone in hand, to stare out at the rusty red sunset and wonder how the hell Cas could have left when he knew what was coming, when it was clear that Dean was building into telling him something important after the week they’d just had.
The next addition to the garden came in the form of three potted tomato plants, left wilting and abandoned in the outskirts of Lebanon.
Dean sweeps away the soggy boughs, now, the collection of dirt and pine needles scratching across the truck’s brown hood. He pops the hood latch and fishes out the key from where he’d hid it, reconnects the distributor cap he’d dislodged to discourage any finders from taking it away.
“Speaking of,” Dean says, “how long do we got? If she was taken before noon and the wipe happens after five hours, then—”
When he finishes, Dean wipes his mouth and casts his gaze around the parking lot, floating until his attention lands on Cas. The angel’s wandered off while they eat, heading out to the back fields like there’s further work to do.
“Need you,” Dean kept breathing into Castiel, too soon to be ready despite how frantically his wrist kept flexing. Castiel pressed his fingers in alongside Dean’s, crooking them until Dean’s voice broke around a wet sob.
Castiel paled, making room for Dean to straighten his legs. “Are you—?” he began, reaching toward Dean with two fingers extended.
Adler calls Dean’s office shortly before lunch time, breaking the news Dean already suspected was coming.
“I lost track of Jack,” Sam sputters out, voice high, pacing. The cacophony of shouting demons and wrathful angels, the smell of bubbling and bursting flesh in the flames, drown out any capacity for rational thought. “Is he okay—did you see—”
Amara smiles. “Chuck always counted you out too soon, Castiel. But you distracted him enough for me to take over, so. Thank you for continuing to surprise us.”
“You can still be friends with him,” Sam says, as if he’s unaware of how Dean’s work and friendship circles almost entirely overlap. “I know you don’t see ‘em outside of work, but you could maybe set up a casual hour with the team on Fridays, meet everyone for drinks?”
Dean’s body followed suit even as his higher functions shorted out; he rolled his hips, meeting the thrusts that Cas was building against his body. Dean could smell the rising musk of Cas’ sweat, could feel the pressure of a knot mounting inside of him. The room was wet with the sound of their bodies meeting, the rough breaths they were both sucking in as they frantically increased their pace.
And the hiccup of a new SA is nothing they haven’t dealt with before; in a month they’ll be able to tell whether the new hire is worth their mettle. If so, they’ll get pulled into the dynamics Dean’s been building, the cogs kept cranking smoothly.
His lips are warm, dry and supple as he moves against Dean. A sharp inhale comes when Dean licks the seam of his mouth, and then Cas has his hands cupped beneath Dean’s jaw, angling him just right to do that again.
Even weeks later, midway through the accelerated phase three, Dean still can’t believe how smoothly things are going. Despite Dumah’s displeasure, despite the breakneck schedule, despite the rocky beginnings to their getting to know each other, everything with Cas is going okay.
Not his finest hour, maybe, but Donnie’s always been good at handling surprises. Birthdays aren’t in his usual business repertoire either, but the bartender life is nothing but unpredictable and Donnie considers himself adaptable. Once he found out who the party was for, well … It would be his pleasure to give Dean’s family a place to celebrate his day.
Something about the scent of honeysuckle and the rustle of tall grass also makes him think of Kansas. Of Dean, and the family Castiel has made there.
“I lied to myself, Dean. Every time.” Cas touches their brows together. Dean tightens his grip on Cas’ hips and Cas groans, low and gravel-rough. “Each time I go, I always want you more.”
Dean scrubs his hand through his hair, thinking. He has weighed various ideas the whole day, trying to find the solution with the best outcome. There’s only one route he can see that really fits. “Can we bump up the schedule for phase three?”
“Shit,” Dean said into the empty room. He zipped shut both duffel bags and threw them over one shoulder, then picked through Sam’s pile for the second room’s spare key.
Glowering, Castiel marched toward the main staircase. With a final dark look, he clomped up the stairs and through the exit. The heavy front door closed with an angry slam.
She doesn’t say anything, however, just turns her gaze onto Castiel, who is looking much the same as Dean.
“Nah, he won’t do it,” Benny asserts. “You’re too good, and the fans love you. Singer ain’t a fool; he knows your draw. Just need you to clean up your act, s’all.”
When they disagree on a location, Dean pulls them over and Claire climbs out, walking around until she finds the puke perimeter with a little more finesse. Dean eyes the hazy horizon, the day marked out in a light gray blue above the trees between the buildings. She comes back looking shaky and pale, but Dean’s not enough of a gentleman to keep from teasing her over the shimmy in her walk, or the way she fumbles the door handle open. Beyond those occasions, he’s stuck fighting with Claire over the radio, the banter taking him straight back to those early years with Sam.
that fact too deeply. If he thinks too long about the state he was in—that he was a needy, embarrassing house guest who ate Castiel’s food and drank his tea; that he even slept in Castiel’s own clothes, in Castiel’s own
Castiel must catch his discomfort, because he adds, “I mean it as a compliment, I promise. It’s good you two are so close to one another.” The soft smile on Castiel’s face tightens, growing brittle. “You could say my upbringing was the opposite of yours. Stable household, but no love lost between me and my siblings.” His voice turns brittle. “My stepbrothers only get in touch when I’ve done something to embarrass them.”
Scrubbing a hand through his hair, Dean almost believes it. It’s almost enough to banish the thought of Castiel—now in the shower with him, naked, sudsy with a rich lather of bubbles clinging to his skin—from occupying his mind.
Dean scoffs. His jaw firms up, cheeks forming dimples. “Whatever. Just wasted my weekend getting it, but it’s fine. No problem. Gesture made.”
The project grows a little clearer once he calls Zach’s counterpart, Dumah, over in web services and gets her to provide a rundown of her perspective on BEAU. Legacy will be handling most of the development, but web services is offering up a couple of their team members to provide BEAU its QA. It’s a small miracle; Dean emails Anael advising her she’s escaped the new project unscathed.
“I know,” Max says, still smiling, “but we were discussing Sam’s theory on the case you guys are on, and it turns out—”
“Right,” Pamela says. ”That’s how it should be. It shouldn’t matter how much I wanna sit in your lap—” she guffaws loudly, briefly losing herself “—not that I want to. But it shouldn’t happen. Both people should want to be doing their best.”
“You’re turning too soon,” Claire chides through a mouthful of seeds, her gaze still fixed down on her phone.
“I’d hope so.” Castiel’s mouth twists. “My cooking skills aren’t great, but my pasta dishes tend to be…”
“Can’t find where the sheet ends,” Dean says, muffled. “Looked for the edge, but I couldn’t find it.”
Somehow Castiel pulls a fast one on him anyways, tugging Dean into the kitchen on a night when they’re alone in the bunker, Jack in his room at the same time Sam is out on another date with Eileen.
Dean smiles without thinking, his heart thudding when he sees Cas give a wry grin in return. Sam must get the memo, because he keeps his mouth shut and his looks between them subtle. Still, Dean’s feeling charitable despite the radio silence. He knocks the lid off the cooler between him and Sam, leaving the implication open for Cas.
Dean tries waving his free hand back at Cas, but the angel is staring pointedly at nothing, the retreat brochure crumpled tightly in his fist.
Cas rested his hand atop Dean’s hand on the counter. “Is there anything I can get you right now, besides a top-up?” He reached for Dean’s mug, their fingers brushing together.
There came a pinch of teeth, just the briefest nip, before Cas was moving again, hips building a rhythm that pitched Dean’s moans an octave out of line.
“But we could change our programming to intervene,” Anael adds. “If you really want us to. Put in a quick call and boom, one of the host will be there.”
“Calling the shower,” Dean tells him, shaking his fingers through his soggy hair. Castiel confirms what to order for delivery before Dean disappears into the bathroom, the door wedged closed. The shower curtain clatters down its rod.
“Hey, hey,” Dean says, unsure how to soothe the sting. “You know it’s not your fault this stuff makes no sense, right? The whole goddamn case is a mess. If it weren’t for you and Sammy, we’d have no idea what’s been happening. The mapping, the ‘seven-fact’ game? That’s all been you. Nobody’s expecting miracles here anyway.”
“You answer,” Dean tells her, tossing down his phone before reaching for the gearshift. “I’ll drive.”
For the first time, Dean looks more deeply at him, trying to place where he’s seen Michael’s face before, outside the context of work. There is a sense of something more there, something familiar in the shape of Michael’s jaw line, the color and texture of his hair.
Dean licks his lips again before diving in, kissing him. Touching their mouths together slightly off-center, his hand tucked into the crook of Castiel’s neck.
He finds Dean in his bedroom, curled up around a pillow, lying on his stomach on his bed. Cold pizza sits abandoned on a plate atop his desk. A black and white horror film flickers on his flatscreen.
“Cas,” Dean smiles. “I wasn’t into it.” Cas searches his face, frowning, so Dean adds, “I promise! That was just for our cover story, I wasn’t—”
The library begins to smoke as the fire consumes it, pages curling, history burning. Dean and Sam make a run for it down the back hall, the sounds of shrieking laughter and clashing angel blades echoing across the tiles. The next round of demon traps keep the worst of their pursuers paralyzed until Michael can fight his way to them, Jack at his heel, the two of them needing extra time to make their way through the maze of holy fire.
He doesn’t want to come on too strong, too soon, but hell—if Cas feels the same way as him? Dean could walk on clouds all day. He’ll do whatever he has to to hold Cas like that again.
“Yeah, I guess. Too many things going on right now.” Sam sighs. He takes a long pull from his beer, the bottle coming to rest between the rubbing motion of his palms. “Is Alicia… normal? I mean, I know she’s a twig doll, technically, but—do we even know if she still has her soul?”
“He gets like this sometimes.” Sam snorts, humorless, tucking away the shop vac. “Should’ve seen him after you died—”
By time Castiel blinks his eyes awake, Dean has struggled his way through several cabinets, the doors hanging open in his wake. A lone hand sticks out from the blue comforter swaddled tightly around him, the blanket tucked up around Dean’s neck and swooped over his head.
Castiel stood offside the bed, hands tucked into his trouser pockets, white button-down sleeves rolled up to his elbows. “Will this suffice?”
“After Michael snapped you into pink mist,” Dean says. “But before the reaper stabbed you while you were human.”
A lump moved on the couch facing away from him, tousled hair turning Dean’s way. “Dean?” the lump said, sleep-heavy, shifting beneath an exorbitant pile of covers. On wobbly legs it stood, shrouded by a grey comforter blanket.
By time the hour’s passed, Donnie has all but forgotten the odd phone call he fielded at the start of the evening, at least until a man in a trucker’s cap comes in late with a blonde woman, and the two of them head straight to Donnie to drop off twin stacks of boxed pies. The man extends a hand, calls himself Bobby, while the woman offers up
“As if I didn’t have to stomach you sneaking out night after night,” Garth continues tearfully, shrugging off Dean’s attempts to touch him, “going behind my back with your best friend! Don’t I deserve better than that, Dean? After all these years together,
All eyes are on Dean as he takes a seat between Anna and Rachel, the latter of whom arches a severe eyebrow at him, even as Anna gives him a scrunched
Thundershowers slide in one night and linger, stranding them indoors for a couple days. Since the rest of them are at full health and planning a comeback, Dean finds himself alone with Cas for the duration of their downtime, cornered in the bedroom on their separate beds. Cas is awake for once and fumbling his way through research. His lingering cough sets the laptop he’s borrowed swaying atop his chest.
Claire jumps up from her chair, nearly knocking Kaia askew. She rushes to give Donna a hug, followed by Patience and Alex at a more reasonable pace.
Dean pretends to be busy pulling them away from the hospital, so it’s Sam who replies, “We think it’s parked by the cabin you hit. Maybe a quarter-mile out from it, in the woods?” Sam turns around in his seat, flashes Castiel an awkward smile. “We can pick it up, if you want.”
“Aw, c’mon, sugar. It’ll be fun.” Garth grabs hold of Dean’s fish-limp hand, expression breaking as he giggles at his own antics.
“Whose though?” Kurt continues. “Kansas was mostly settled by the Germans and Russians. I wouldn’t say Scottish pilgrims were high up on the list.”
Dean snorts at the finger-quotes Castiel makes as he speaks, knowing that the idea and the sentiment behind it likely came from Miriam. He then sobers quickly. “Wait, two days?”
Dean swats aside Cas’ hand, hobbling his way over to the bed and collapsing face-first. He stretches out, enjoying the slow return of feeling through his tingling extremities. Into the sheets, Dean mumbles, “My back has frostbite now.”
The formica beneath Cas’s hands cracks abruptly. He smooths the schedule over it and leaves the mess hall without looking Dean's way.
Eileen is at work, and Sam has a rare evening free from the law office. He keeps Dean company while he decompresses, grousing about what happened—grieving it, really, the wound still fresh enough to sting. Sam is a good listener, can humor Dean as long as he needs. But sometimes some genuine advice gets thrown into the mix.
It’s fine, really. She and Inias are already busy in meetings with Castiel. It’s not like they’re missing each other much. This kind of thing happens when people get put onto different projects. Still, Dean is looking forward to the day when BEAU is done, and Inias and Miriam can be brought back into the legacy fold.
“At least it’s being useful,” Cas replies. He brushes up beside Dean. “Not joining the negotiations?”
Dean shuffles through the awkwardness that stems from workplace acquaintances cohabiting a location outside of work, taking food from the table in a smorgasbord free-for-all style. With his plate loaded up with half a sandwich of each type, Dean grabs two bags of chips and, making eye contact with Castiel, motions his head toward the back door.
They have also sensed the upgrade to his powers, Castiel himself raised by Jack’s will from seraph to archangel, his wings restored along with the rest of the host’s. Duty and instinct have the chorus before him bowing their heads as Castiel walks around the room, even as their personal relationships strain to accept the change.
Dean sighs. “I didn’t… I didn’t want to bring it up again, because it’s done with. I don’t—feel that way. Not anymore.”
Dean groans in answer. He looks miserable, sodden and wet. “Except we came out here to take it home.”
Cas was still sullen by time they made their way back to him, sitting slumped in the passenger seat. He had swapped out the tire iron for his phone, at least, gripping the burner like Dean might really need to call him for backup from a quarter-mile away. He still wore that stupid poncho with the hood drawn up, his face sweaty from the muggy air inside of the car. It had to be uncomfortable, but Cas gave no indication of feeling anything as Dean climbed in.
A couple days later, the stars must align, because Castiel comes out of his office around the same time that Dean is refilling his coffee at the cubby on the cubicle floor. Dean catches sight of his office opening from the corner of his eye, and it’s such a rare occasion that he almost calls Castiel out on it in front of everyone. Only a last-instant impulse stops him, figuring it might be too mean a move to pull on the guy just yet.
“Har har,” Dean grumbled, swiping back his hands. He righted the seam of his work gloves, tightening his grip on the pitchfork. “You picking potatoes or not?”
Thank you to everybody who sent me numbers representing my secret prompt list! I'm still taking more if you're interested, so feel free to drop me an ask before you go. Thank you ♥
“I do,” Castiel insists. He steps forward, up to the foot of Dean’s bed. “Whatever is happening, we can find a way through it. Together.”
“Maybe,” Eileen says. “Though you should check with my resident about that. I probably ask her more questions than your new guy.” She scrutinizes the screen as Dean chuckles, her expression growing tight. “Dean, are you okay? You look a little pale.”
“So, Garth,” Steve begins, sawing through his rib eye. “I saw you in scrap-booking this morning. Seems you have excellent taste in layouts.”
The blonde nods definitively. “Card-birthday. Like candles. And tablecloths. And if you have any of that annoying canned silly string in green or pink. Ooh, and sprinkles.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. “Knowing Jody, she’ll try to set the whole flock up in her spare room.” He chuckles. “Claire’s gonna kill her.”
The demons overwhelm the warding. The fresh runes and sigils painted above the library crackle, electric, flaring brightly before sputtering out. Dean covers Sam as he lights a match, dropping it onto the trails of holy oil they left around the room.
Castiel steps out from his office around the time the cake shows up. Dean seeks him out on instinct, catching the way Castiel sidles up to the outskirts of their collective, like he’s unsure whether he belongs in the fray.
Patience hangs her head off the bed and calls out to them from the bedroom. “Social media’s starting to blank out. I think we’re running out of time.”
Dean parts his legs as Castiel rocks forward, his cock thick and rubbing along Dean’s upper thigh. Dean scoots forward along the desk edge, enough that their bodies can press firmly together. He rolls his hips gently, strength building as Castiel gives a pleased noise and thrusts his hips in turn.
“Hey, girl.” Dean grins, his hands moving through his welcome. “How’s life keeping you at the hospital?”
“I mean after. After.” Cas kissed his shoulder again, even though he didn’t have to. “When we could be curled up on the couch. Like this.”
In the bunker, Castiel imagines Dean making breakfast. Dean cleaning his room; his car. Dean whistling in the shower and Dean watching old movies; Dean eating pizza as he idly browses the internet.
Dean looks to Jack across the gap, where the creature standing with him has paired its palms to his, a light, airy peal of laughter coming from it. “Meaning?”
Sam can sense something’s off with him. Dean senses it in Sam too, can all but hear him rifling around for the right words to say. Gently, Sam asks, “Whatever went down with Cas… Should I keep between you when he gets here?”
Dean wipes at the moisture building on his brow, the sun baking him in broad waves. He finishes the windshield around the time Claire wanders back. “How’s Jody’s, now that Kaia and Patience moved in?”
A couple muskoka chairs sit empty, since Claire and Kaia decided to double up, but Dean opts to push Cas down into one of them and perch on the armrest beside him, stretching his arm across the backing for balance. The fire is bright, the voices warm, and Cas relaxes the longer Max and Alicia trade increasingly outlandish tales with Claire and Alex, his arm coming up to loosely hang around Dean’s waist.
“Good enough,” he tells his reflection, pausing in the hallway mirror on his way out the door. Belatedly, he sees he’s put too much effort into his styling, his smoothed cheeks and softened hair glowing like a neon sign pointing out how badly he wants this to be a date. But it’s too late to change it now; he’ll just have to hope his efforts will be worth it in the end.
He had no other choice but to wait and see. Alejandro closed the door, locked it, and then took Dean’s hand again to lead him to the back exit in the storage room, and yes, they stopped briefly between the shelves as Alejandro pulled him in for another deep kiss, arching his own body against Dean’s, all firm and slender muscle, strong arms around his back.
Dean nodded slowly. “I know they probably weren’t the best people. Those schools, it was bad what they did to the kids back then.”
’ Claire replied with another of those cheeky emojis which had Dean roll his eyes but chuckle as he saw her type another message.
Dean had to laugh softly at the last part, feeling relieved, but there was also moisture welling up in his eyes at reading Alejandro’s words. He had no reason to doubt their sincerity, and part of him wondered how he even deserved such kindness and understanding. Despite it, the small, nagging feeling of guilt would probably remain in him for a while.
Alejandro nodded and smiled as he put away the last few of the already dried glasses and then wiped down the sink. “Well, you said you were thinking about retiring from hunting for good with all those new hunters around now and things calming down. So… nothing’s stopping you from not also finding something you love.”
“Uh, it’s a pretty complicated story, and not something I want to go to in detail on,” he admitted truthfully, purposefully not thinking of the full scale of his intentions, or of Sam and what he’d been willing to do, then. “But, Death - the old Death - was a real foodie. First time I met him - that was, uh, during the Apocalypse. He invited me to have a slice of deep-dish pizza. And, well, the time I made him queso and taquitos, it was because I needed a favor of him. Or I thought I did. Again, long story.”
“And he knows we’re hunters.” Dean had told Sam this over dinner the other day, after his first conversation with Alejandro about hunting, and he wondered very briefly what Sam would think if he told him how much more he had spilled last night. “So,” Sam went on,” that’s great, I guess. Makes things less complicated.”
It's Tuesday, so next chapter. Dean's still at Lake Almanor and making a new friend. I hope you enjoy this chapter as well. Please let me know.
It was kind of funny when all that psychology crap one always read or heard about proved itself to be true a few days later. What Dean had desperately tried to realise and truly feel, he said to Sam when, for the first time in a while, he brought up Cas and Jack.
Cas had often wondered how he’d react if he knew it, if it would affect their friendship and their bond negatively. He had disliked that, despite all his angelic powers and his acute senses, he could not fathom or foresee the result of such a confession. So, for fear of consequences, he had only revealed it when there was nothing left to lose. When there was only something to be gained - maybe, ideally, for Dean to understand how Cas saw him, what he meant to him and what that could mean for his self-worth which he had too little of.
As Dean listened to Alejandro, it became clear to him that, yes, he should not burden the guy with his own stupid issues, and, thinking back to the evening they’d talked about their dads, Dean was worried that he’d already done too much of it. Especially when he added what he had revealed to Alejandro last night to the equation.
arrive. So he got up, turned his chair around a bit to face the sun that was traveling south, which also gave him a better view of the direction people usually would be coming from when getting to the beach.
When the other man spread his legs a little wider, pulling one knee up towards his chest, Dean breathed in deeply through his nose and bit his lip for a moment to contain himself. So this was really happening, and very soon - hardly soon enough, because,
Dean swallowed and clenched his jaw, felt a prickling in his nose and eyes, grateful for the dim light hiding what was surely evident on his features.
“Gabi always just told me about ghosts, vampires, and werewolves, or the odd other creature here and there, which was all pretty scary and fascinating already. Oh, and they hunted a chupacabra once, and shapeshifters. She knew about demons and the Apocalypse, but she always just hinted at those things when she told me about them. But the stuff you’ve seen…”
Cas wanted to offer him he could, but he decided against it. It was of no importance. If Dean wanted to share something, he always could. They had time for that, too.
“No. I just wanted to figure out if I should feel guilty about waking you up. In the middle of the day.” And there was the sarcasm again. Dean would have thrown some beans in his face if they weren’t so delicious.
They talked for many hours until late into the night. Dean told Cas everything about the past three months, or as much as he could cover; somehow, he had the feeling everything he had experienced and learned could fill many nights of conversation.
“Well, it’s not the main season, for one,” Allan replied as he browsed his book, “most tourists come back in the new year when we have more snow. Of course, the summer months are busier. And… well, there are
“Uh huh, yeah, those seven years between us really make a gigantic difference,” he leaned in to kiss the skin below Dean’s collarbone, then further up his neck and to the line of his jaw, before their lips met. It felt nice, as kissing Alejandro always did, and Dean definitely could not say that he was
“You close?” he asked softly, dilated pupils making his green eyes look darker, and the faintest trace of a smirk on his slightly parted lips. Just before he squeezed his muscles around Cas and made him whimper with impatient pleasure.
Dean could not help the feeling that he might actually be blushing at those words, lowering his gaze and grinning to himself as he looked through some other items on display.
“Hm, I kinda like it, too,” he said softly, around a smirk as he brought his hands to Alejandro’s hips, still cool from the dampness of his swim shorts, only warming up where the sun kissed his skin and where Dean’s thumbs drew small circles.
“When?” Dean asked, only partially surprised that something tingled in his middle at the mention of the name.
And yeah, maybe this was what Dean needed. He wasn’t running away, was he? It wasn’t like that, he tried to reason with himself as he got back into his car and drove on. It was more like… taking time to figure out what he really wanted, and what he
Even though her voice was still soft, the guitar sounding much fainter than in the song before, Maria sang the song with such emotion that it was impossible to escape it. Dean couldn’t prevent his mind from trying to draw a connection, from relating to the words and the feelings they conveyed.
Cas felt his brow furrow, still too many questions chasing each other in his head. “And what is that?”
Dean didn’t know how to respond. The most straight-forward thing would have been to just acknowledge this fact, but then he’d also have to elaborate, and there were things he simply didn’t want to talk about.
number instead of decades-old classic rock cassette tapes. Maybe it was a combination of all of those things, but Dean felt, in a word, new.
“Come on, let’s get out of the water before we start growing webs,” Alejandro suggested, swimming closer to shore on his back and watching Dean follow him.
“He told me he loved me,” Dean got out quickly, feeling a weight lift off his shoulders at the same time as a jab of shame pooled in his stomach.
But he could find no answer to this question, no matter how long he mulled it over as he lay on his bed. He decided to look for a distraction, instead. However, scrolling through Netflix on his laptop, he somehow didn’t find anything he actually wanted to watch, everything seeming either too heavy or too dull, too familiar or too strange. With a frustrated sigh, he closed his laptop and set it aside, picking up his phone instead. There were no new text messages since the ones between him and Claire earlier today - just an exchange of photos again without any words. He decided to remedy that fact.
This time, there was a soft warmth around him, something soothing and welcoming. There was a golden light that he sensed rather than saw because he had not yet opened his eyes. Something he did now without hesitation or trepidation.
That night, when Dean was back in his and Sam’s apartment, he dreamed of Cas for the first time. He saw blue eyes piercing him, sweat on his skin as their bodies entwined. It was a mercy that, long after he had woken up in the middle of the night - hard in his shorts and his face wet with tears - he’d forgotten the dream again when the bright sunlight woke him up in the morning.
The truth was that Dean should be okay, was okay. He was looking forward to dinner and whatever they might come up with to pass the time, but he also knew damn well that his mood had shifted and that, perceptive as Alejandro seemed to be, it couldn’t go unnoticed. Nevertheless, Dean’s first instinct was to lie or at least evade. “Yeah. I was just thinking.”
“Hello Castiel,” the boy said, with his same slightly crooked smile radiating innocence and kindness as it always had.
And then it came. A playfully affronted “Jerk”. Something Dean hadn’t heard out of his brother’s mouth in a long time, and it instantly made him feel nostalgic. Made him feel a whole lot lighter. Some things, no matter what life held in store for them over the years, apparently never changed.
When he hit play, he saw an SNL sketch with Don Cheadle as a guest, the whole thing taking place in a setting that reminded him very much of every midwestern dive bar he’d ever been to. It was, as every SNL sketch, ridiculous but hilarious: two dudes wanting to fistfight but ending up dancing to the much too cheery musical number - full of innuendo - that was playing in the background. Dean had the vague impression that he had heard the song before, but if one of the characters hadn’t said that it was
“Allan? Customer!” she called very loudly and in a rather sing-song intonation that made Dean chuckle. Then, she turned back towards Dean and spoke with a much calmer, sweeter voice again, “Anything for you then? Coffee? Tea?”
“Not who I was talking about,” Sam said. Of course, Dean knew that, though he also knew perfectly that Sam was just pulling his leg, trying to get him to embarrass himself. “Wow, Dean, you’ve already got a sunburn. Oh wait, you’re just blushing.”
“Oh, no. No, it wasn’t anything like that. She was always more close to my brother. Not that there was ever anything there either,” he quickly added, just so refraining from mentioning that,
Dean had to smile at that. He’d somewhat neglected Baby ever since he got here, and while it was nice to not constantly be on the road, hearing the sounds of her engine and taking someone for a ride who’d appreciate her was something he was looking forward to.
A small smile formed on Dean’s lips, and he nodded slowly, feeling both touched and a little bit awkward. “Alright. Thanks. That’s… uh… good to know.”
without sounding like a crazy gullible person who believes, as you’d call it, every batshit insane story they hear.”
It was Cas who made him stop in his tracks. “You got a guitar?” he asked with surprise both on his features and in his tone, and Dean held the instrument in his hand a little longer, turning it back around.
He focused on how Alejandro felt and tasted on his tongue, heavy and full, slightly salty and slick around the head when he let his tongue swirl around it. It definitely did help to know what this was like on the receiving end, and Dean was confident that he was probably doing a whole lot better than the very first time he’d gone down on a girl.
“Come on.” Alejandro pushed him out of the backroom and locked the door, this time not reaching for his hand again as he led the way up the few steps to the other building and in.
He was glad of that fact now, no matter how unhealthy and stupid it had been. Because sharing all of this with Cas for the first time had been worth all the repression. And boy, had they shared it. While they had at first mostly limited their shenanigans to times when Sam had met with Eileen somewhere outside the bunker, once Sam had moved out a couple of months later, they had fucked in every room and on every surface in the bunker. And hadn’t that been glorious? He didn’t even understand how he could have ever thought of it as strange, awkward, or shameful.
Alejandro let the sketchbook sink once more and gave Dean a look with slightly narrowed eyes. “Okay. Now you’re pulling my leg.”
“How the hell was that obvious? I didn’t know! I didn’t even think he’d--- Oh!” Dean stopped and looked at his brother, wondering if it had been a misunderstanding. “I mean… yeah. I knew he loved me, as he loved you and Jack and--” There was no way to convincingly weasel out of this now. Sam’s ‘oh please’ look told him enough, and this time, Dean was a little pissed at his baby brother for apparently having known this for hell knew how long and never having said a word. “How long have you known?”
When he had come back as human, Cas had developed a liking for literature - not the big volumes of lore he had read for research, but purely for entertainment. From the great works of classic literature over fantasy novels like Tolkien’s to mystery and crime, Cas had devoured everything he could get his hands on. He said it gave him a better perspective on the human experience, broadened his horizon in a way TV alone never could. Dean got that. He just didn’t have the patience to read for leisure.
And sure enough, Sam did that whole facial gymnastics thing as he regarded him - something between curious and an ‘I don’t even wanna know, let me get out of here’ puppy dog stare.
What he couldn’t bring himself to do, though, was to think of Cas. He just couldn’t because then all of this - the feeling of relief, of peace and of hopefulness that he shared with his brother? He would not be able to enjoy it. He would not be able to let himself actually
He felt heavy and light, had to breathe deeply against a knot in his chest, or chuckle and shake his head at other memories, and when he felt like it was getting a little too much, he also allowed himself to let go of those thoughts for the moment. Allowed himself to just be, listen to music, and watch the lane markings flash by in the headlights as he drove.
Alejandro sank back onto the bed, again propped up on one elbow, and Dean sat next to him, legs outstretched and back leaning against the headboard.
When Alejandro spotted him, his face immediately lit up with a bright smile, and Dean couldn’t quite prevent the delight from spreading in his chest at that.
He only heard a breathless laugh through the line, and then, with a tone of voice that made him practically see Sam’s wide smile, “Yeah. I’m a
The follow-up is set 1.5 years in the future and covers the most important details of things I have been imagining in Cas and Dean's future ever since I started writing this fic, some of which have been vaguely foreshadowed in this fic. ;-)
“I know. I do,” Jack replied, and it seemed that the godly warmth Cas had had felt around him before now seeped right through him. For once, it was he who felt like he was cared for. He felt secure, comforted and truly happy, and he did not want to let go of that feeling.
He hadn’t heard or seen Alejandro approaching with the sounds of the waves and breeze being louder than his barefooted steps in the sand could have been. As Dean turned to look at him, he saw him carrying a big glass with a pinkish milkshake, elaborately decorated with fresh fruits and a green umbrella. Alejandro set it down next to Sam’s avocado abomination, but Dean’s thoughts were still stuck on the man’s offer. He didn’t really know what to say.
him now. Hell, he’d rarely done that with women, and this whole thing with guys - one guy - was still way too fresh to even be thinking of something other than a casual thing. But casual didn’t mean there could be no repeats.
Alejandro gave him a soft chuckle and scratched the back of his neck. “You could say ‘un momento, por favor.’ Or just point and gesticulate and shout for me to come back?”
“So…” Alejandro started, both of them having been quiet for a while, maybe both equally lost in thought. “How about some mindless entertainment, and then we see where this night is heading?”
it happen. All Dean had, though, was an echo of that, a fleeting sensation that didn’t come close to the real thing, and that was something else Dean just had to accept.
4. Sam is fucking difficult to write, let me tell you. I mean, I don't claim that I always get Dean 100% right, but Dean has such a vivid, multi-facetted personality, so many interesting quirks, whereas Sam - without wanting to hate on Sam - is written a bit bland in comparison. But I remember that Sam sometimes could be fun, and a little shit ;-) So I hope you enjoy my interpretation of him.
“Lee?” Sam asked, brow furrowed. “When did you-- Oh, right. His day job was being a ranch hand back then?”
Sam shrugged but then shook his head. “No, actually I mean just you and me. Just a week or so. I think… I’d actually like that.”
“That a Star Trek t-shirt?” he asked, having spotted the familiar font and parts of what it said under her half-opened, purple hoodie.
“You think your dad would have acted like Raúl’s? If you’d figured things out while he was still alive?”
“Hello?” Dean called as he and Sam stood at the entrance. He let his gaze wander to take in his surroundings, and it really did look nice here, though. Some leafy sun shades and loungers at the beach, the beige sand clean and mostly soft, and the sea a breathtaking blue, its waves gently rolling towards shore invitingly.
Dean shrugged, a small grin on his lips. “Well, not sure it counts as a souvenir. I was looking at that one.”
Alejandro regarded him for a moment, maybe wondering the same thing as Dean; could he say it openly, or was this all just a big misunderstanding and coincidence?
“Hmm, doesn’t seem like you’re a lot like him in those last two aspects,” Dean said and was pleased to see a slightly wider smile on Alejandro’s lips at that.
Dean rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath before he forced himself to sit up. He grabbed his phone from the nightstand to check the time - nine-fifteen. What he also saw were two new text messages.
training, catching up on the lore, or taking care of Sammy had been a moment wasted in John Winchester’s eyes. And Dean had simply internalized all that so deeply that it had still affected him, even way into his adult years, long after his father had died.
Alejandro laughed. “Uh, that game would be over quickly, what with both of us just wearing swim trunks. No, I was thinking of
He nearly burned the eggs, cursing under his breath when he turned the much too brown ones around in the pan. For a second, he just wanted to throw everything in the trash.
“Don’t you?” Dean asked again, one hand sliding onto Cas’ chest, roaming upward in a fluid, firm movement. Then, he used it for purchase to raise himself up higher, and his eyes fell shut, head siking back slowly and lips parted with relish as he let himself sink back onto Cas.
I'm curious if it's still somewhat ambiguous what the "catch" here is or perfectly clear. Let me know!
It was pleasantly warm; the sun was shining brightly, and a soft breeze was coming from the ocean. Dean was lying on his beach chair on his back, eyes closed, and just listening to the sounds of the waves. There was nobody else on the beach this morning - Sam had gone back to their apartment when Eileen texted him a while ago, and many locals attended Sunday church services or were sleeping in after a night of partying.
There it was, as Cas had partly expected, but that didn’t stop his heartbeat from going up a few notches, a strange chill running down his spine, and something in his midst that made it feel like he could not fully fill his lungs with oxygen. It was hope, fear, shame and everything else he could not fully make out yet because his body was simply too loud for him to hear his own thoughts.
“Oh.” There was something knowing and understanding in Alejandro’s tone. “And now you’re thinking about your dad... how he would’ve reacted if he knew?”
This is the last chapter of "part III". Which means we're going to reach the last big sequence after this.
He bit his lower lip. “The two nuns, they-- they’d been in love, and when they were found out, they killed themselves.” Dean saw the old, tattered bible he had found behind a loose brick in their former chamber - a photo of them between the pages in the Book of Ruth. And Dean still remembered the verse, marked with a thin pencil line: ‘
“So, uh,” Sam started, after having taken out both the packets of regular and fake bacon from the fridge and heating up a skillet, “You never told me exactly what happened the night Cas… you know.”
“It’s a protective symbol,” Alejandro said, still only addressing the topic vaguely, and Dean prodded on.
He tried desperately not to think, not to remember, not to see Cas in his mind. It wasn’t images of that night when he had first met the angel that haunted him now, but so many others, so many occasions that formed a jumble of images and emotions in him that threatened to bury him under their weight. Most of all, it was those last moments back in the dungeon of the bunker, and he could practically hear Cas’ voice in his mind, could hear the words that had shocked, shaken, and changed him forever.
Cas probably had to adjust to all of this, Dean thought when hearing the answer, had to figure out what to do with a perfectly mundane, human day. Of course, over the years, he had done a couple of rather human things, like binging Netflix shows, but Dean also thought that that probably wasn’t on the forefront of Cas’ mind right now.
Somewhat relieved, Dean took another swig of the beer, shaking his head softly and rolling his eyes once more at Sam.
“Yeah, though, to be fair, most other hunters probably weren’t in the center of attention of all of heaven and hell’s forces as we were.” The moment Dean said it, he realized it might sound a bit arrogant. He chuckled at Alejandro’s continuously astounded look and shrugged, making another waving motion with his hand.
“Yeah, well…Wasn’t always easy,” Dean admitted, knowing it was quite the understatement but not wanting to start a pity-party now, “We did a lot of good because of it, things I’m proud of, other things I’m not so proud of. And we recently dealt with something really big, so maybe it’s even time to pass down the baton to somebody else. We’ve got this whole network of hunters now, and things seem to be… calming down anyway..”
Dean wanted to brush it off, to deny all his brother’s questions and just let it rest, let it rest with his father and the complicated relationship they had had. But another part of him, one that still felt vague and fuzzy, difficult to grasp, wanted out, wanted to understand and to learn and not deny and ignore.
Now it was Cas who was confused. He had thought that much had always been obvious, that there was nothing to misunderstand from his words that night; that Dean must clearly know what they had meant. But here he was, needing a final confirmation, and Cas felt his palms becoming slightly sweaty.
Dean thought about all the fun things ordinary people got to try or do regularly that he never got around to doing or was never allowed to do, and somehow, even years later, that had stuck. Throughout his childhood and way into his twenties, any minute
When he got out of the water and grabbed his towel to dry himself off, he spotted Sam coming from the bar towards him, two beer bottles in hands. Dean sat down on the lounger, on top of his towel, and took the offered bottle from his brother.
A smile formed on Cas’ lips, remaining there as he spoke, “you’ve always been interested in music. I’d wondered why you never picked up an instrument.”
The barman regarded them for a moment, dark eyes looking back and forth between Sam and Dean before he ran a hand through his thick, wavy dark brown hair and wiped his hands in his apron. “If you want to stay here, a friend of mine has guest apartments just about two hundred meters down the beach. But you’d have to get your own food, and there’s only takeout places in walking distance. If you want a proper restaurant, you’d have to drive. I only do snacks here.”
“So, what other beers do you have that you would recommend?” Dean started as he sat down at the bar.
For a moment, Alejandro regarded Dean, brow ever so slightly furrowed, and Dean wondered if he was about to ask him to join, but then, Alejandro’s gaze went back to his bar. “Uh, could you maybe… I mean, in case anyone comes, could you tell them I’ll be back in a few?”
“See? You had to hear it from him. The only question that remains,” Sam said before he picked up some egg and fake bacon with his fork, “is what you’re gonna do with that knowledge.”
It was after the stable rounds, which Dean had used to settle into his room and send both Claire and Sam a photo of a particularly nice spot on his way here, that he and the two ranch owners sat together at their kitchen table over a drink and talked some more.
“Uh, as sexy as the thought of you as some mythical merman is,” he said, coming to a halt in the now waist-deep water, hands reaching to place them on either side of Dean’s hips, “I’m not sure I’d like the anatomical limitations.”
“You’re a good boy, you know that?” he said, scratching Miracle’s belly and then giving his side two hearty pats. “Come on buddy. Let’s sit somewhere more comfortable than the cold floor. Yes, that means you can go on the bed. Just don’t complain when I accidentally kick you at night, okay?”
“Mmh, admit it,” Dean said around a grin as he looked down at Cas, his voice low and with that particular brazen timbre to it, “You like me like that.”
As he took the first spoonful of eggs, tasting the slight spiciness of chili peppers and the freshness of tomatoes in them, his mood instantly picked up. He just could have done with a bit of meat in the dish, too, but that was only a small downside.
is alive. Against all odds, and let me tell you, there were many. So that’s something, right? Everything else is in the past. Hakuna Matata.”
When they broke the kiss again, Cas didn’t get up immediately. Instead, he wrapped his arm a little more tightly around Dean and pushed himself closer, burying his face in the crook of Dean’s neck.
“So what? Did everybody but myself know I was into men, too?” Dean asked sarcastically, focusing on the amusement among the awkwardness he felt, not the fact that his obliviousness had prevented him from at least having had a few happy years with Cas.
I hope you enjoy this chapter. The gifts Dean and Sam give each other are actual things that exist, which I was very happy about finding. If you google them, you'll find them too.
Maybe he could really use a friend, too. One like normal people had, not someone you only spoke to every once in a blue moon, but someone you could talk to, confide in, regularly. Despite having met many people Dean deeply cared about, like Jody, Donna, and Garth, it had never gotten to that point where they would just chat about insignificant things, or turn to each other for advice on regular, everyday human problems.
He thrust into him a little harder, a little faster, feeling his own breath pick up speed. Even though it all had lasted just a few short minutes, Dean was reaching a point pretty quickly where he knew he’d find it difficult to slow himself down. He was sure that this was
Somewhere, in the back of his mind, Cas wondered how thick these motel walls really were. He decided not to bring that question up, smiling against Dean’s hair instead as he managed to wrap his arms around him, at last.
And because the first two chapters are so short and my beta-reader and I are done editing already, you're getting both in one go. :-) Hope you like it.
Leticia, who sat on his left side, was a very pretty woman with long, silky brown hair and fine features. She was possibly closest to his own age while the others all seemed quite a few years younger, Maria and Gerardo being the youngest at twenty-six and twenty-eight, as he’d learned from Alejandro earlier. Adriana and Luisa must be in their early thirties as well, and were, as Dean had been able to spot right away by their clasped hands, a couple. Luisa also reminded him strongly of Charlie - his Charlie. Despite the shorter, dark brown hair, there was something about her mannerisms and attitude - something between bubbly and shy - that resembled her very much, and it made him ache a little. He still missed her sometimes, even five years after she had died.
“Oh yeah? No surprise when you’re walking around looking like…” He made a waving motion with one hand up and down in Sam’s direction, “like a brunette Chris Hemsworth.”
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose again and suppressed a frustrated groan. “It means who’s at the receiving end and who does the…”
Stepping out again, they noticed that pretty much all tables were fully occupied. So they did what Dean had also wanted to do when thinking of this vacation: they mingled with the locals. They met some of Alejandro’s friends who sat around the largest table, close to the bar, and although they were all a couple of years younger than them - some even ten or more years - Dean had a good time. A great one, even. The four girls and three guys treated them almost like old friends. Despite the language barrier - not all of them could speak English very well, and only Sam could hold a very basic conversation in Spanish - they welcomed them warmly and openly. Dean realized that, on all their travels, they had rarely ever allowed themselves to connect with people just for the sake of the good company.
Dean could have teased him a bit more, could have added another remark, but instead, he just looked back out towards the sea, squinting against the brighter sunlight and watching the soft waves as the water slowly turned a brighter blue.
“Yeah, maybe you should,” Alejandro agreed, not quite having gone back to his previous sitting position, his arm almost brushing against Dean’s, and that was both nice and… strange somehow. It made him feel self-conscious, and something more he couldn’t quite pinpoint - something between longing and guilt, between wrongness and comfort.
“You’d think with us having killed countless monsters I’d be able to handle one lousy mosquito,” he said, and Dean noticed then that he had a plastic bag in one hand, which he now set down on the small dining table to sit at it and take out the contents.
It took a moment before Dean could see that Alejandro was typing, and the heavy feeling in his gut intensified. It wasn’t just guilt, Dean realized as he sat there in the dim-lit room with its unpleasant brown and orange tones and just the sounds of cars passing by on the highway in the distance. After having spent four weeks with Alejandro, and a lifetime - except for few, rather short periods - in the company of his brother, he now felt incredibly lonely. Like he had nowhere to go, no place he truly belonged anymore.
Many of you have expressed what they expect to happen, or would like to happen in future chapters. Some of it may have been close to what it is, other ideas weren't. I do hope that you will continue to enjoy this fic, even if some expectations aren't met. Without spoilers, what was important to me in this fic was for Dean to go on a journey where he can get better, learn how to deal with his issues, face his grief and get to a point where he'd be ready to start a new, better life that is just his own. He's not there yet (and of course he won't be there 100% after just a few weeks or months after the plot of season 15), but eventually, he will see the silver lining more clearly.
Sam shrugged softly. “I’m past that point, I suppose. We still got some eggs and bacon in the fridge.”
“You’re wrong, though,” she added a moment later as they both moved on to the shelf with pickles. At first, Dean thought she was about to go on about the mayo, but the look on her face - a soft, earnest smile - told him she was talking about something else.
After a while, he succeeded. There was still a dull, heavy ache in his chest, but he could breathe more freely again, had his tears in check, preventing them from forming as he took one, deep and slow breath to find the energy to force them back completely.
Dean chuckled at her somewhat cheeky reply and was already thinking of what to say next, when another message came through.
Their arms wrapped around each other, they kissed deeply, and Cas thought he could just get lost in all the sensations - those of both body and mind - could just let their slow kisses go on and on. Of its own accord, his body slid a little closer, and a sigh came over Cas’ lips, caught by Dean’s.
He leaned back up and reached for his nightstand, taking a bottle of lube and a condom out of the drawer, and setting a box of tissues on top of it, and Dean felt another wave of excitement course through him. Though with it also came another point where he wasn’t quite sure what to do. He
Dean turned off the water and headed for the kitchen, pouring himself a large glass of tequila, focusing on the heat that trickled down into his stomach as he drained it with three large gulps and ignoring the fact that he knew this wasn’t good, wasn’t wise. Wasn’t what he’d promised Sam months ago. He couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“And just so you know,” Sam continued when Dean still hadn’t said anything, “Bobby would have been absolutely okay with it. And he was more of a father to us than dad ever was.”
Alejandro followed the direction Dean was pointing at and then looked back at him, brows slightly raised but a smirk around his lips at well. “A cowboy hat? Really? You can get those anywhere at home. Get a proper sombrero,” he said and picked one up from the rack to put it on Dean’s head.
“Well, that… makes sense,” Alejandro replied, and he leaned in a bit closer again, one arm resting on the worktop of the bar. “Not the part about you being forty-one, though. You look much younger.”
My beta-reader was really quick with the next chapter, so I shall not withhold it any longer. However, I'm not sure how quick she'll be with the next. As of now, I'm not aiming for a fixed posting schedule but just gonna post the chapters whenever they're done.
“Well, that’s the main thing,” Dean replied and got another smile, and a hinted toast, from Alejandro.
Dean was pleased to hear that; too many hunters always said they wanted to get out but then never did. That he and Jesse had actually made it was something he both admired and envied.
Dean regarded him for a moment in the dim light of the bar - the shadows it cast on Alejandro’s face. There was a definite masculinity to it but also softness, a mixture that Dean found very pleasing to the eye. His thick but not bushy brows slightly furrowed over his dark brown eyes, high cheekbones, five-day scruff making his jaw look more angular. Nicely shaped, neither thin nor remarkably full lips. Lips that now formed a subtle, expectant smile as he surely by now must know Dean did not have another drink in mind, and his gaze that traveled down to Dean’s own mouth.
In this chapter, I finally got to explore something that is an integral part of Dean's personality and past (and it's not going to be the last of it, either). I'm curious what you think about how I approached the topic.
had brought him back. And he wondered again why he had done that. What had made him wish - so badly - to have his dad there with them instead of expelling Michael from his mind. When it had happened, seeing his mom - and even Sam, in a way - so happy at the reunion, Dean had been happy as well. It was like, once confronted with his dad and with every positive aspect of him, Dean had not wanted to see or even acknowledge all the bad ones. It was still so difficult to even try and make sense of it all.
Now that gave Dean some pause, and he also could not shake the very subtle bitterness he thought to have heard in Allan’s tone. “How come? Beautiful place like this…”
“Okay, so don’t judge me for only having pirated this one. This isn’t exactly something I wanted to spend money on.”
Dean briefly wondered why Claire made a point of adding that - as if she suspected that Dean needed something ‘feel-good’ rather than anything too dramatic, which, at this point, he hadn’t even made his mind up about. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea, though.
Another chapter finished with less than a week between them. A few notes on the previous chapter and some general ones, before I forget it again ;-)
Maybe it was just his imagination or his need for comfort, but when the first rays of sun reached his face it felt like a caress, like an ‘
“Yeah. My dad was a civil engineer and had a long-term engagement in Austin. So we moved there when I was sixteen. I finished high school in English and started college. Art school, to be exact.”
The hills were rolling softly around them, covered in woods and bush land, still mostly green despite the late season. When Yolanda led them into the leaf tree forest, the air became a little cooler, more humid, and pleasant, and Dean just leaned back a little and breathed in the smells around him.
Before that, John Winchester had always said he liked Lee, but he had nothing good to say about him after this encounter, and Dean had never contacted Lee again.
Maybe I went a little overboard (ha) with the water metaphors here, but what can I say, I love water and the ocean. And I also love what Dean is trying out here in the chapter. Couldn't let him stay at the sea without at least doing that once.
I'm also gonna share the info about a printed copy of the fic again and a google form where you can submit the necessary info if you're interested.
“She’s fine. Exhausted, but fine. She did really well. And…” A faint, somewhat bashful chuckle. “Now don’t be mad. We did think about naming him after you, Dean,” Sam said, and Dean felt a tiny pang of disappointment. “But we decided we’d name him Jack. We owe him so much, so--”
“I’m fine,” he tried to get out with a chuckle, but his voice broke. He cleared his throat. “I’m fine.”
When Alejandro kissed him, he suddenly thought of Lee again, all those years ago. He wondered what might have come of that, of them, if his dad hadn’t had such control over him and his entire life. And with that thought came, unwanted and unbidden, the somewhat nagging question of what his dad would think of him if he knew what Dean was doing. Yes, Sam had been right that Dean did not need his father’s approval on anything, not anymore. Still, Dean had also spent so many years of his life trying to gain recognition, respect, and… well, love, that he couldn’t close the proverbial box of Pandora that had been opened in his mind.
Thank you for all the comments to last chapter. I'm really glad you all are enjoying this part of Dean's journey as well and that you're so patiently waiting for Cas' return. ;-) Hope you like this one too.
have. He had been too afraid, terrified even, to be rejected by Dean. All the years he had spent longing for something he, as he had said to Dean, knew he could never have, he had contented himself with keeping those feelings to himself. Treasuring them like something holy in his essence, something he did not have to share for it to be true. Something he knew was just about him, only
Sam shrugged again. The bacon was done now, and he put the slices on their plates. “I don’t know. I always kind of suspected something like that.”
He knew his brother meant well, and yes, sometimes summer flings could turn into more. Still, even if that were in the books for either of them, the guy lived in Mexico, and Dean surely wasn’t going to drop everything and never return home because of the first guy he’d ever fucked and only known for three whole days. He’d have liked to say that all out loud to Sam, but this whole talking about feelings stuff had never been his thing.
“You’re not what now?” Dean barely managed to get the slightly too brown fried eggs to slide onto two plates as Sam let out a soft chuckle.
The sound Alejandro let out was almost a whimper, followed by a whispered, open-mouthed chuckle. “Jesus Christ, Dean.” One arm had come around his back, the other lying on Dean’s chest, and Alejandro gently, reluctantly pushed against him to bring some distance between them. “If I’d known you kiss like that I’d have thrown everybody else out earlier.”
Of course, angel!Cas is awesome; his powers are badass and amazing, and there's a certain kind of quality to having an angel fall in love and be in love with a human. But that remains true even with him now being human. Cas
“Do you want to get some souvenirs?” Alejandro said, now having come back from the other window, probably not having found anything he could get for his mom.
It would simply take a while for him to get fully accustomed to being an ordinary mortal, a human being. For good this time, and that, naturally, had to be a little bit frightening.
Dean couldn’t help but smile, though it was a thin smile, barely yet chasing away the heaviness he still felt inside of him, but it was a start. He did feel embarrassed, though, stupid and ridiculous to lose his shit over a song and cry about something that had happened half a year ago.
“Oh, no, no,” Dean immediately got up, his heart suddenly racing in his chest, and he quickly picked up the army green jacket. Any hilarity and lightness he had felt just a moment ago had vanished.
Cas sighed softly as their lips parted, but there was still a smile on his features. He pushed himself up slowly, frowning a little and tilting his head as if he was trying to make sense of something. “I had forgotten how annoying some aspects of being human are. I have to use the bathroom.
Dean appreciated that. After all, it was he and his brother who were on this trip together - not like a hunting trip where both of them enjoyed some downtime to themselves after working a case all day. Dean wanted to make the best of it too because he didn’t know when or if they’d ever spend time together like that again.
Dean spouted something off about research and archetypes and the whole time he kept picturing Cas’s mouth and those ‘other things’ he wanted to do to Dean’s balls. The idea of it made him just a little… kinda… maybe… warmnervousanxiousexcited. It was a strange feeling, how his mind went off on its own, conjuring up vivid fantastical images of pink lips and tongues and he’d have to yank the focus back to the present conversation.
"Oh-ho, that's hilarious!" He eyes the road, checks his rearview, "Why don't you just sit tight and try not to get us both killed?" He hates to scare the kid-no, who is he kidding, he loves it, but this is different. It's different than waking Sam up by putting things in his mouth or mentioning something about women's periods or something like that. Sam looks genuinely afraid and as much as that bothers Dean he knows it's necessary.
The hallway lead into a small kitchen/dining/living room thing, he flipped on the light switch and looked around warily.
Cas is suddenly there, gripping and holding and anchoring him. There are galaxies in his gaze, promises and worlds yet unexplored, open just for them. He tastes like the first wash of rain on parched land. Like an oath of sanctuary in the storm, like the sun and the sea and the moon all rolled up into a threat of teeth and a gift of softness. Dean feels the knife slip in his fingers.
Any Normal person’s first thought would have been ‘she’s just drunk’ and they wouldn’t have given a second look… Dean, although apparently newly dubbed ‘Normal’ didn’t think that way. There was something out of place about her. Everyone else had umbrellas, or jackets or warmer clothing… This girl was sleeveless, in white… She was pale and still and she didn’t blink—Why wasn’t she blinking?
His vision swam and the words were out before he even knew he was speaking, brain on autopilot, voice pulled thin and weak; “I don’t know.”
Cas looks up surprised from his computer, pushes a pair of thick framed glasses up onto his forehead and leans back in his chair a little. "Hey."
Dean claps a hand over his brother's mouth, pulls him back and out of sight as the thing stalks forward. Sam goes willingly, quakes where Dean's still restraining him and the djinn stares at where they'd been just moments ago, tilts its head up and sniffs the air, pulls it over its tongue, cat like, scenting them. After a moment it breathes out a growl and retreats up the stairs they're hiding beneath.
"I don't care what caused it... I've been scared to death the last two days, but I'm... I'm glad whatever it was that happened... happened."
Dean looked at her, the tilt to her brow, the creases around her mouth and the words came out more in surprise than actual intention; “Dad’s dead.”
He doesn't think it is... It's one thing to be OK with what's happening, but he doesn't have to moan and thrash about it. He's not a woman, it's not ne-
Dean’s jaw dropped. He remembered as a kid the neighbor asking and asking but Mom had kept saying no, that it was secretspecial and nobody knew it but her.
If this was real… If the djinn had really given this to him, where did Castiel come into it? Dean had never pictured himself with a guy before. He’d been curious enough to check out some guyonguy porn, show him a guy who hadn’t been curious before, but never to the extent that he’d looked at another man and said; ‘Damn, I want that,’ so what was it then, that made this one different? That would make Dean take notice of him. What was so different about him that HE was the one?
He wants it in all honesty. Wants to add a picture to that album that is actually HIM, one he can look at and remember the taste of sweat and the burn of stretched muscles. "I took a sexy naked picture of you... 'sonly fair."
Sam blinks around rubbing crust from his eyes and scratches a crick in his neck. He doesn't like Dean's joke.
Something sick and icy crawls down Dean's spine and he pushes himself to his feet, ignores the twinge of muscles and in that moment his mind is a wreck, flashing images of his mother and Cas and Sam holding Jessica's hand. That girl in her once white dress crying for her father.
Dean feels himself grin, stupid, lax. He takes some of the napkins when Cas offers them, cleans himself up and pulls his clothes to rights. Cas peeks up over the dash like a cat looking out of a garbage can and scans the area. There's nobody in sight and Dean's legs feel rubbery as he pushes himself up. He's tender and his jeans feel like sandpaper, but his heart is beating and that post-orgasm bliss is a very nice distraction. He glances over, notices the bulge in the front of Cas's slacks and feels nervous all over again. Perhaps it's a good thing Cas notices the time on his watch, mutters 'crap' under his breath again and pops open the door, rinses his mouth with what is left of his soda, finishes Dean's in a few gulps when it's offered and fishes a tube of antiperspirant from the glove compartment to swipe under his arms again. "They've got cologne in the men's room... maybe nobody'll notice."
Dean stood up halfway through the whiskey—he had his feet pretty far apart to stay upright and his hips swayed in time with the music on the radio. Sam watched him in the lantern light, the long black shadows he cast against the spindly branches of the trees and bushes around them, how his eyes were burning with a feverish light as he swayed.
