The guy knew how to play the game,
"I think you still have time to explain your side to him, Dean." She supplied, "And I don't think Cas is the kind of guy to jump to conclusions, he will listen."
Dean didn't really mind that people at the office noticed his change in attitude. He could tell he was smiling more, he was friendlier, he came out of his office more often. When he could he would steal a moment with Cas, just a quick look or a kiss in the elevator. He wasn't sure if people knew, but he didn't care. If they wanted the facts they could talk to him about it, this wouldn't be like last time.
"Heavenly," Cas mused, taking another sip.
On Thursday morning, Dean had been at the office before Cas. When Cas went to leave Dean's morning coffee and paperwork on his desk, the man had all but ambushed him as he came in the door. Coffee falling to the wood floor, Dean had thrust Cas back against the door, and Cas had tried to tangle his fingers in Dean's hair while still clutching a handful of paperwork. When they came up for air, Dean's eyes were wide and ravenous, and Cas had used the excuse of getting a fresh cup of coffee and some paper towels to prevent Dean from devouring him on the spot. It was evident Dean was frustrated, but was definitely not keeping his cool as well as Cas.
"Dean," Cas cut him off, "Yes. Yes, absolutely yes. It would be an honor." Dean smiled, looking away to take care of the bill to hide it. "But Charlie wasn't supposed to tell you what a giant nerd I am," he added, getting a chuckle out of Dean.
After a few more doses of Mojo, Cas felt much more at ease with his new coworkers. They had swapped stories of office mayhem, travel, and the occasional reference to last year's holiday party without further explanation. Balthazar discovered Cas's rental was not far from his apartment and so they decided to catch an Uber back together.
Cas raised an eyebrow back, "I hope she had the decency to take you home first, it's seems awfully uncomfortable a thing to do in front of your employees." Cas was careful to mention a female, as Balthazar had warned him however blatant his flirting might be, Dean's bisexuality was still kind of a secret.
Dean fucking Winchester felt good about finally having a new personal assistant after a solid night's sleep and an espresso to get himself out the door. But then he got to the office.
Cas had responded a little bit later agreeing to coffee, and so Dean had planned to call Charlie for advice on how to handle this when it occurred to him he hadn't told Charlie that he still heard from Benny. In fact, he had flat out lied and told her the opposite. Charlie would understand when he had a chance to explain it all to her, he hoped, but now he was walking into this coffee shop without a single clue how to approach the situation.
On Friday, they let themselves get dangerously close as happy hour with the team came to an end, earning an eyebrow waggle from Charlie and a couple comments from Balthazar. Gabriel smirked, a seal of approval, before they left the bar to stumble their way to Cas's apartment. Dean found the studio cozy and charming, and all the windows kept the space nice and cool as they tangled themselves together on any piece of furniture they could find. They enjoyed coffee in bed the following morning, not crawling out from the sheets until the early afternoon.
Sam?"
"Yes?" His office phone was a private line, anyone calling needing to  first get patched through by his-
"Awesome, yes, absolutely" he replied.
Cas pulled away suddenly, catching Dean's eyes as they fluttered open, letting his arms fall to his sides, before sinking to his knees in front of Dean.
"Cas, Cas" Dean breathed, breaking free from the kiss, "Let me."
Cas didn't have an answer. He knew in his gut he needed to talk to Dean, just like he knew he couldn't stay in this hotel forever.
"Are you… breaking up with me?" Dean asked, and Cas scoffed, pushing at his shoulder.
the company credit card."
Dean was fantasizing about marketing and merchandising when his phone finally rang, and he nearly jumped to grab it off the dock.
"It's fine, I don't have to."
Chuckling, Sam tossed his phone back, and replied, "I don't know man, I've just never seen you like this. Even with Benny, you were never like this. I don't want to say the 'L' word, man, but you have it bad!"
"I- your paperwork - I thought - and coffee -okay, shit" Cas was trying to look everywhere but the half gym clothes clad Winchester Roasters CEO glaring at him from the corner of the office. He noted, vaguely, the bathroom door over there he hadn't noticed before, and all but sprinted out to his desk.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Winchester, what can I get for you today?” He said, smirking when Dean rolled his eyes.
He felt Dean stiffen is his arms, the man's breath hitching deliciously. Cas smiled, continuing his path down Dean's jaw, pressing himself against the towel separating them.
"Definitely" Cas said, glancing at Dean. "How was your run this morning, Mr. Winchester?"
(See the end of the chapter for
She swatted at him, "Oh whatever, you'll come out eventually", waggling her eyebrows at her double entendre.
He hung up the phone, swiping a hand over his face before getting up to pack his things.
Benny never changed his number, and Dean couldn't bring himself to delete it. So in another couple weeks when he got a text, he was kicking himself again.
Balthazar cleared his throat, not one to be ignored "Well, Cassie, the few of us will be finding a happy hour later, and I would love for you to join us. Maybe you'll be more inclined to share with something fruity in you." He said with a wink before turning to whisk Gabe away to the elevators.
Cas hesitated, trying to recall their conversation. He remembered Aaron, and talking to Charlie about Sam -oh you should see the man's hair, Balthazar had said- but after that things get a little fuzzy. Vaguely he can picture Balthazar's face, a serious expression eyeing Cas in the booth - or wait, no, not a booth. A backseat. They had taken an Uber together. Hmm.
He turned to see Dean beaming, knowing full well what he was thinking about Cas getting off, and frowned at him. He shooed Dean from the counter, turning exasperatedly back to his coworkers, who were all watching with knowing smirks on their faces. He rolled his eyes, finishing up his shift trying to ignore Dean’s eyes on his from the lobby.
"I'll be fine, thanks," Cas said, hesitating by the door, "I'll um, talk to you later." And he bolted, without giving Dean a chance to respond.
"Okay, awesome. Then Plan B!" With that, Dean grabbed Cas's hand and turned him back the way they came. "I think you'll like this better anyway" he said with a grin.
The barista was a short, cheery eyed guy, with a little bit of scruff and some loose light brown curls. His nametag, precariously hanging from his apron, said Chuck.
Cas was pulled from his daydream by the sound of a door opening behind him, and he turned to see Mr. Winchester stepping out of his office.
A small smile tugged at Cas's lips as it became evident that his tough guy boss was, in fact, not so tough.
He wanted to call Sam. Or Charlie. Someone, because he was a little lost and a little stunned, and he needed to calm himself down.
. Mischievous blue eyes looked up at him as Cas's mouth closed around his dick, and it took everything in Dean's power not to squeeze his own eyes shut. He watched, lips parted and panting, as Cas took him in as far as he could, licking up and down his length while his head bobbed along. Dean could feel the burn building low in his stomach. He reached his hands out to tangle them in Cas's hair.
"Ta-da!" Dean exclaimed, gesturing widely with his arms in presentation. Cas smiled up at him, but even he could feel it was weak. His head wasn't here anymore, enjoying a quiet night in with Dean, but yelling at the back of his mind to jump ship.
Cas exhaled. Here they were and he still didn't know what to say, where to even begin about all of this, but if he knew Dean, and he did, he wouldn't be the first to open up about his feelings.
"I'm still working on that. They seem open to the idea, but are worried about their supply meeting our demand. I've been trying to explain the limited edition idea, but they're worried it'll stress the coffee trees to death. Apparently that's a real thing." Sam replied, his optimism seeping into his words. "But I will have an answer for you by the end of the week, definitely. So now, Charlie said you found a new assistant?"
"Either we stop this for the night, or I won't be able to control myself. Fuck," he ran his free hand through his hair, lust blown eyes never leaving Cas's. "Fuck," he whispered again, biting his lip, breaking eye contact for just a second to glance at Cas's lips, Cas's door, and back to his eyes.
He spotted Cas almost instantly, feeling the intense blue gaze before he met it, and smiled. He couldn't help it. Cas was wearing a hoodie and jeans, his hair tousled in a way that said he didn't want to be out of bed yet. Adorable.
"Or, you know," Dean said, quieter, "you don’t have to. It's whatever. Charlie had mentioned you were really passionate about the whole com-"
He eyed Cas hungrily as he walked through the door, making his slow sweep of Cas's lean body as obvious as possible. He loved the way Cas's cheeks flushed pink when he realized what was happening. Cas's lips parted slightly as he placed the mug down on the corner of Dean's desk, then took the extra step that brought him around to the side, Dean smirking up at him. A beat passed before Dean lunged.
Sam laughed again, "Well, I hope he actually does some good worked, not just getting you worked up."
Dean had decided on Tuesday morning that he was taking some time off to spend with Sam, and it definitely had nothing to do with his monster of a hangover. Luckily, dragging Sam on some Seattle themed adventures had taken both their minds off Cas for the time being.
the one who had royally screwed Dean and almost his whole company.
As Dean had expected, Cas was enjoying the food booths throughout the market, putting together a makeshift dinner for the two of them. Dean waved off his other dinner plans, content to let his date explore more. They could grab drinks later, or maybe even plan dinner for another night. The idea thrilled Dean.
Sam is babbling about getting in touch with the Apocalypse World crew, smiling to himself as he lets Dean know everyone is accounted for. Dean nods along, a small smile on his face as he eats his pie leaning up against the trunk of the Impala. He’s happy for them all, really, he is.
Cas’s hands come up to his back, pulling him ever closer as he buries his face into Dean’s neck, taking a deep breath before answering.
Cas raises an eyebrow questioningly while taking a sip, and Aaron looks around cautiously.
"Oh my god, shut up Sam!" Dean all but yelled, a grin making it's way across his face. "Will you ever grow out of the Pain In My Ass phase?"
"Wow" Cas breathed, smiling as he dragged his eyes from the water to Dean, who was standing smugly beside him.
Weekends were hard for Dean. Everything feels lonely when you've become so accustomed to having another presence around, only to have it ripped away in an instant. What might be worse is that recently, that familiar presence had been nosing it's way, infrequently and randomly, back into Dean's life.
Biting back his suggestion to cool down in the shower, Cas nodded. "Well, please get home safely, then." Cas was still feeling a little bold, the last of his buzz still vibrating under his skin, but he forced himself to hold back. He wanted Dean to feel comfortable with this, despite them obviously both wanting to dive in. He knew Dean needed to build trust after his last relationship, and Cas was willing to be patient.
Sam shrugged, pushing his hair out of his eyes, "Charlie said you could use some cheering up so," he stepped back, holding his arms wide to gesture at himself with a goofy grin. Dean cracked a smile. They had been apart far too long.
Cas noticed the way Dean's eyes got all crinkly at the corner when he laughed.
"Uh, what the hell dude? This guy is a nervous wreck and you couldn't even give him a warm welcome? What's going on?"
"You're driving me crazy, man" was all Dean could find before catching Cas's lips in his own. Both of them letting out soft, satisfied moans, Dean felt Cas's free hand find it's way to his hip, digging his fingers in and pulling him closer.  Dean's fingers twisting in Cas's dark hair, he let their tongues slip together, then let out a deep moan as Cas's hips twisted up, creating a delicious friction. He pushed back, harder, more deliberate.
His cheeks began to burn as his eyes trailed up Dean's body and met the smirking green watching him. Cas realized that here, he didn't have to tear his eyes away in embarrassment, so instead he held the eye contact and allowed a smile to play across his lips. Yep, he could definitely get used to this.
Later that evening, sitting at a dive bar in Portland, his phone went off. A phone call from Dean. He let it ring, already a couple drinks in and in absolutely no state to deal with this.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Sam whispers and Dean can’t help the small break in his composure as a tear finally breaks free. He holds his container of half eaten pie like a lifeline, knowing if he lets go and lets himself go there he might punch something.
Cas moaned, head falling back against the pillows. His hands found their way into Dean's hair as he resumed his path down Cas's torso, grabbing small handfuls with each stroke.
Balthazar insisted that he come out to happy hour tomorrow night, and he would pull every string to get Dean to come. He was eager to see what would happen outside of the office setting, despite Cas's protests. He wouldn't tell Balthazar the thought of  going out for drinks with the man made his heart race. Not that he needed alcohol to make anything happen, but it would certainly help calm his nerves. He thought briefly how he'd like to return the favor and tease Dean himself, not to mention he was confident he could do a much better job. But maybe not at a work outing.
Well, shit.
She raised her eyebrow slowly, "Are you, like, dating? Or…"
Dean rolled his eyes, hauling himself up to head back to his office.
"What? No!" Dean cut him off, "No I'm actually enjoying kind of rediscovering this place with you. I haven't really spent time doing this stuff since I was a kid, really. I used to come here all the time, I don't even know why I stopped…" he trailed off for a moment, eyes unfocused as Cas watched him slip into his memories. He shook his head, turning back to Cas, "I like showing you. I enjoy spending time with you."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Cas, no. That's not- " He scrubbed his hand over his face, starting again. "I like you, man. I want you, too, believe me. I just… I wanted to uh- would you like to get dinner sometime?"
He swore, for a second, he heard a sharp inhale across the line before Cas spoke again. "Sure, anytime. I'm going to patch Sam through now. Okay." and then a soft buzzing noise as the line searched for a connection.
Oh. Dean swallowed, unsure how to save himself but not able to break eye contact.
Balthazar knew Cas wasn't exactly a social butterfly, and so they went through a few hours of working flirty body language into Cas's every day vocabulary. Lots of smirking, eye contact - but also let the eyes wander- and push personal space boundaries.
Naturally, Sam and Dean ended up at a bar in in the late afternoon. Dean had been hoping Sam's never ending run-ins with every person at the office would deter him from the inevitable conversation, but as he sipped his beer he could feel Sam watching, analyzing.
"You ready to go? Up for a little touristy evening?"
After their date to Pike's Place, Cas had volunteered to walk Dean home for a change, and was treated to an impromptu make out session on Dean's couch before heading home for the night. He had wanted to stay, and got the feeling Dean wanted him to also, but he wanted to take this slow for now, even if it meant going backwards a little. He made a quiet promise to himself to stay a little longer next time.
"Cas!" He yelled, once outside. He watched Cas pause, contemplating letting Dean explain his inability to answer a simple question, but it seemed he decided Dean wasn't worth it, and continued on down the street. Dean didn't want to cause a scene, running after him yelling like some stupid romantic comedy, but he didn't want him to go either.
He sighed, "People already like him Charlie, already interested in another friendly face. Last time it was too good to be true and look what happened! Too easy to trust…" he trailed off, lost in his own mistakes. Speaking of, "And I heard some talk about me liking him as well! I can't let that kind of crap go on here! I'm your god damn boss, not a gossip topic!" He hadn't realized he had raised his voice, or that he had stood up, until Charlie's expression became one of concern. He cleared his throat, slowly falling back into his chair.
Cas glared at him for a moment, and Dean raised an eyebrow in challenge.
"If this is the way we end up, you can drive me crazy any time you want," Dean chuckled.
"Um, hello. I, uh, just wanted to see if there was anything else I could do for you before I headed home." Most days, Cas kind of just waited until everyone else started clearing out to take his own leave, but since he and Dean were on better terms he figured some communication couldn't hurt.
each other, Dean had found himself stirring from thoughts that centered around Cas more often than not. He told himself it was just the thrill of having something new, but at the same time he couldn't shake the feeling of wanting more, of something bubbling under the surface. He liked having Cas's around, and for now that was what he was going to focus on.
If he keeps repeating it to himself maybe he will be able to get over the ache that’s been living in his chest since Jack disappeared and Cas didn’t pop up in his place. He knows The Empty was it, he understands what Cas did brought back a little of the balance they needed to pull this off, but he can’t bring himself to be okay with it. He doesn’t know if he ever will, but he’s smiling through it for Sam. For everyone.
Dean cleared his throat, rubbing the back of his neck. "Nice. Good. Warmer than usual." He glanced to Balthazar, who was sipping his coffee with a smirk, eyes flitting between the two of them.
Sam's eyes went wide for a moment, but then his face split into a grin. Cas leaned over slightly to make himself visible to Sam, "Hello Sam," he rumbled, and Dean couldn't help but smile.
Well guys, I think we are nearing the end here. I'm not sure just how much is left, but I'm hoping everyone enjoys where this goes!
Cas's hands still hadn't let go of Dean's hips, and he bit his lip in thought, glancing from Dean to the office door. With a soft smile, Dean grabbed one of his hands, pulling him up from the desk and leading him across the office to the private bathroom.
"Thanks Sammy" he said, voice a little gruff with the threat of breaking. He wasn't ready to lose Cas, or any of this, but he was damn ready to fight for it should he have to.
This wasn't at all how Cas had expected this day to go. He wasn't upset though, not in the slightest. He watched over the arm of the couch as Dean paced mindlessly through the kitchen while he was on hold with the Chinese food place.
"Nope" he sighed, playing the hurt but dealing with it demeanor he had mastered. "I doubt I ever will. He got what he came for, none of it being me."
"Sammy?" He gasped, emotions welling up as his brother met him with a grin. He all but ran to him, pulling him into the tight squeeze he reserved for Sam alone. "What are you doing here?"
Cas thought even if this job didn’t work out he would like to be friends with this woman.
He sent, then settled in to enjoy his pizza and clear his mind.
"I think we could have a lot of fun together," Dean mused, and Cas felt himself growing warm, "I would like to have some fun with you," he paused, giving Cas another once over, "But I also think you're an interesting guy, and I don't want to rush into anything that you aren't ready for."
"I could think of a better one," he smirked, giving himself just enough time to watch Dean's eyes grow wide and cheeks turns dark red, before he pushed back from the bar and walked back to the table.
"So, about that shower?" Cas smirked, and Dean all but sprinted toward the bathroom.
Impossibly small, Dean's voice cut through the silence, "Please don't leave."
He was pacing, chewing at his nails and checking his phone every three to five seconds, ignoring the feeling of Sam's eyes following his every move. It had been a couple hours since Cas had called and Dean had no idea where he was to begin with, so standing around waiting was his best option. Sam had been understanding, of course, but Dean could feel himself being analyzed, and was 98% sure he could see the smirk on Sam's face out of the corner of his eye.
"Cas, his name was. Didn't say much, but he looks like a good bit of fun. And I think Big D will like the new scenery as well." comes Balthazar's voice, followed by a few chuckles. Gabriel raises both brows now, chancing a quick look at Dean before stepping out of the elevator.
He was staying at a motel around the corner tonight, and had plans to take himself out to the coast in the morning, hopefully getting into warmer beach weather in the next couple days. Maybe Seattle had turned him gloomy and some beach side living was the cure he needed.
He changed the subject. "Dean, how did you and your brother become involved in all this?" Dean smiled, and launched into his life story, about his parents and his brother and how this company had come to be his. And Sam's, of course. Cas listening intently, mesmerized by the way Dean spoke so fondly of his brother, of their relationship and the work the did together. Cas thought distantly that he would like to meet Sam.
Cas let out a long breath, blowing some of his unruly hair off his forehead. Hopefully the rest of the day would be uneventful, and maybe catching up with some of the team outside of the office would give him a chance to gain some insight on Mr. Winchester.
Peering around the corner, Cas watched as a rain slicked Dean stepped from the doors and headed toward his office. His breath caught as Dean pulled his shirt off only midway to the doors, jogging the rest of the way. As the door clicked shut, Cas smirked to himself, nerves alight once more as he quietly made his way down the same path Dean had taken. He pressed an ear carefully to the door, making sure he heard nothing for a good minute before taking a deep breath and pushing inside.
"I can't just walk in on him!" Cas huffed. Why couldn't he just take the guy out for dinner?
between him and Dean was mutual. The way Dean had looked at him, hungry and desperate, it made sparks fly under his skin. He knew what he wanted, and potentially what Dean wanted, but this was a little more than some random weekend hookup. He had to keep reminding himself this was his boss.
They sat across from each other, waiting for their burgers, Cas smiling smugly while Dean eyed him suspiciously.
Cas had thought about calling Dean several times since his epiphany the day before. He'd let his thumb hover over the call button, his mind suddenly racing with doubt. He could be totally wrong about the whole thing and end up making an even bigger fool out of himself. It was bad enough he was falling for his boss, but calling the guy up to discuss past relationships and their consequent feelings just seemed like it wouldn't go over well. Dean didn't talk about his feelings, and maybe it was because he didn't have any particularly strong ones about this
"Cas, oh,
He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He wasn't one to black out, no matter how much he had been drinking. Eventually the memories would come back to him, but something about this was bothering him.
"Hello, Dean" Cas growled, getting up and crossing the room with cat like speed. He caught Dean's hip in his hand, burying his face in his neck as he slowly walked them back against the wall. Dean gasped as Cas nibbled at his neck, stammering as he tried to gather his thoughts.
were limited with those big glass windows.
He was snapped back into reality as Dean slid a giant plate down in front of him. As Cas collected himself he focused on the giant pizza -- had Dean made them a giant pizza?
that was killing him. Dean continued to make teasing advances, and Cas happily gave them back, but he wanted more.
"Forget it, I'll keep my feelings to myself," he said, rolling his eyes.
He had been eyeing the bartender, as well as the couple of ladies sitting at a high top on the other side of the bar, and man were they eyeing him back.
Cas glanced at it, nothing more than instinct upon seeing an illuminated screen, but froze instantly.
Earlier this week Sam had called about the new farming location this packet covered. A small valley in the mountains of Guatemala boasted a limited but refined supply of bean, and Sam had been thrilled at the prospect of offering something of such high quality. Not that their other farms didn't produce high quality product, but the small size and unique location of this farm was something different entirely. What Dean flipped through now was essentially a research paper Sam had put together about this little farm.
Letting go of Dean's wrists, Cas positioned himself between Dean's legs, holding one of his knees up to his chest. He kept his gaze on Dean's face, who was watching impatiently, lips parted slightly, cheeks flushed. As Cas pushed forward, he watched the green of Dean's eyes disappear behind his eyelids, a deep moan escaping his lips as his head fell back against the bed, waiting for Cas to bottom out. Once he was settled, Cas wrapped his hand around Dean, stroking him slowly while he matched the pace with thrusts.
Dean had given Cas his usual greeting, and Cas found himself unable to speak as Dean's voice brought back a flood of Friday night memories. He had smiled briefly, then distracted himself in checking Dean's schedule and writing out some emails. That, however, was about the last 'normal' interaction they had for the rest of the day. Cas couldn't ignore the frequency with which Dean was out and about, roaming the office. He was chatting with people at their desks, using the floor bathroom rather than his private one, and making far too many trips to the brewing counter. More than once, Cas caught Dean staring at him, and finally decided to make a move.
Dean sighed, unsure of himself for a brief moment. He didn't want to make the new guy feel awkward, but that ship might have already sailed. But if he didn't say anything at all, was that worse? He had no idea. This was just a secretary, it shouldn't matter so much.
With a gasp they broke apart, still clutching each other. Cas's hair was impossibly more wild, his lips red and swollen from the intensity of their kissing, and Dean felt suddenly and hopelessly lost in his need to make Cas look even more disheveled. Cas seemed to understand, and with a smirk he pushed up from the desk, gently walking Dean back to press him against the wall of windows, and find his way to Dean's neck.
Dean could feel his face heating up. "I can't… date him, Charlie." He said, without looking up.
Dean woke wrapped up in Castiel. For a minute he let himself take in all the little details. Cas's lips, dry and pink, parted slightly exhaling little puffs of breath, his cheeks rosy with sleep, hair sticking up in every direction. As Dean stirred, Cas rolled onto his back, nestling into the pillow without ever opening his eyes.
In the last couple weeks I have gotten a lot of incredible, positive, and encouraging feedback and I just wanted to say thank you all so much! Thank you for bearing with me and my irregular posting schedule, and continuing to follow along anyway.
It was difficult to be bad at something like secretarial work. It was fairly simple, and he enjoyed the job. Taking calls, writing out emails, keeping things organized, and a personal favorite, putting people on hold. But perhaps the best thing about finding the work so effortless was that he could do it anywhere. And so he did.
Balthazar's eyes grew wider, "Or, he could walk in on
"Come on, I'm taking a half day." Dean said, gathering his things. Sam stopped him.
Cas chuckled, "No, I'm not a vegan. Or a vegetarian. I have quite a broad palate actually, kind of have to when you're in new places so frequently."
A mistake.
Something clicked then. He hadn't thought of it before since he had never seen Dean's reaction to Benny, but suddenly it made sense.
They were securely locked away in Charlie's office over their lunch break, where Dean had intended to give her a play by play of this morning's post-run incident. Now he had the addition of what only occurred moments earlier, Dean making a fool of himself in front of this guy he had been actively trying to intimidate.
"Well…" she began slowly, unsure if she should continue, then jumped right into it, "well I'm in charge of hiring, like I said, and I don't know if you know this, which you probably don't because you don't work in this position, but all applications get sent through my office and usually I don't pay much attention because it's just so many people since the company is so big, you know? But anyway, so I don't usually pay much attention but because you're still in our system here at the office I got a flagged application for the Winchester Roasters that's just a couple blocks away…" she slowed again, trailing off, letting Cas fill in the missing pieces.
"Oh, yes. It's nice to be reminded what being warm and dry feels like." Balthazar laughed, pouring his own cup. "But the weekend doesn't start till the office gets to happy hour! Will you be joining us tonight?" He asked casually, raising an eyebrow.
Well, they were talking quietly. Now it seems all eyes are on him.
He took a deep breath, he could do this without totally ruining the mood. Hopefully.
Clearing his throat, Cas took a breath, "Yes, sure, that would be excellent. I could use an expert to show me what Seattle has to offer."
, he typed out, hitting send.
Should he go say something? Apologize, or tell him not to worry about it? How was the guy supposed to know, anyway? He kicked himself a little, knowing full well that had he been his usually friendly self this week, this could probably have been avoided. After all, the guy was just trying to be nice. He was probably trying to offer the coffee as a olive branch for a tension Dean himself had started. Maybe being this stern guy wasn't the best course of action. Castiel was his personal assistant, they should at least be kind of friendly, right?
"Dean this was a very unique experience. I hope I didn't intrude, but I did enjoy myself and thank you for inviting me." He smiled up at Dean through his dark lashes.
He started from the beginning, the conversation over drinks with Balthazar and Aaron, and everything Benny related that had (and had not) happened afterward. Charlie listened, and Cas could see she was equally as confused about the text. That only worried Cas more.
The first few minutes of the walk were filled with an apprehensive air. Cas wanted to get to know Dean more, he didn't want to just bring him home and have his way with him. Well he did, very badly in fact, but he could feel something more going on here. They needed to probably talk about this, but for right now Cas was enjoying the small smirks and glances they were trading as they headed away from the Friday night crowds and into more residential areas.
"Yeah - uh, yes. Please. Thank you."
He really had enjoyed himself last night. It had , obviously, been a while since he'd gone out drinking. Despite his hangover, he was glad to have spent time getting to know the team outside of the office.
"Alright, alright. He's a good looking dude, I can't deny that. But I'm not getting into that crap again, you know that. I just can't. Besides, I don't even know him." He wouldn't meet her eyes as he reached for the last bit of fries. She knew him too well, but she would never tell him how to live unless he was being an idiot. In this case they both knew he couldn't take any chances, not again.
Balthazar had all but dressed Cas to make this day play out the way he had planned. If this morning's interaction had been any indication, so far things were going perfectly.
"And this is you!" She beams, stopping next to the desk furthest from the elevator. Directly behind him is what looks to be more office, frosted glass panels flanking a dark wooden door. A door with an inlayed plate labeled D. Winchester. Cas turns to look at Charlie, blue eyes going wide.
As expected, when Monday morning came, his phone lit up with messages from his coworkers, well ex-coworkers now, at Winchester Roasted HQ. If he was being honest, what he wanted right now was a couple of drinks with Balthazar to rant about everything that had happened. Being alone the last few days, his mind had spun stories of what Dean might have said, how he was spending his time without Cas, if he had already found someone else. He remembered all the times Dean acted different in front of other people, all the times he had hid Cas from everyone else. That wasn't what people in relationships did.
He paused, making sure Dean wasn't about to throw up his walls, then continued.
"Dean," Cas all but growled, and Dean let out a soft moan.
"I'm happy here, Dean," he whispered, his voice low and gravely from pleasure as he continued where he left off earlier, "I've never wanted to stay anywhere before, but I'm happy I stayed with you." He planted small kisses on Dean's cheek, Dean's soft whimpers only propelling him forward. "I love you, Dean Winchester, you make me happy, you're the reason I stayed."
So, one could imagine Cas's surprise as he pushed the office door open, hands full of coffee and paperwork, to find Dean Winchester in the process of pulling a sweat damp t-shirt over his head.
Cas turned around slowly, narrowing his eyes as the vague shape of a desk behind the frosted glass, before heading over to grab Dean's coffee. With a little smirk to himself, he undid the top button of his shirt.
He sighed again. He loved this job, loved the people, but he couldn't keep working under Dean, whether things worked out or not. "I don't think it would be in mine or Dean's best interest for me to stay, Charlie." he could hear the sadness in his voice, but he had known from the start this wasn't going to last forever.
Dean instantly noticed.
He hesitated before answering, "Of course. Anything else?"
He held Cas's gaze with a little more confidence this time, ignoring the fit of electricity flitting through his veins at the sound of his name coming from Cas's mouth like a deep rumble of thunder. He was glad to hear this guy took this seriously, because that was the kind of loyalty Dean needed in someone so close to him. This little lunch outing had helped convince him of that, while also helping to familiarize himself with Cas. He wondered when they would have this opportunity again.
Later the found themselves sprawled on the bed -- their bed -- skin flushed from the shower's hot steam, a small trail of bruises blooming along Cas's collarbone. Dean smirked as he looked over at him, his eyes fluttering closed in post-shower bliss while Cas rubbed his arm gently. He was nearing the precipice of sleep when Cas nudged him awake.
Balthazar replied.
"I don't want him to ever feel that way" he whispered, his voice cracking. He cast hopeful eyes toward the desk outside again, but still found it empty.
felt the eager twitch against his leg. It was, apparently, the green light he had been hoping for.
"Well it has been a pleasure to meet you Cassie. From one new guy to the next, just call if you need anything!."
Dean's rain soaked clothing littered the floor in a trail to the bathroom door, which was cracked open, steam curling out in wisps. Cas hesitated, wondering if maybe he could get away with hopping in the shower with him, but decided he didn't want security called if that went south. If he was being honest with himself, anything he did right now could go horribly wrong. He was confident Dean was attracted to him, sure, but there was that tug of doubt at the edges of his mind telling him not to try anything, the man was
"Charlie this is a secretary job I applied for, correct?"
Hours later, Dean showed up exasperated at Cas's desk. "Come to lunch with me," he didn’t ask, but his eyes were pleading. How could Cas continue this blatant torture?
Last time, Dean had ravaged Cas, leaving him semi-clothed and wrecked in his office bathroom. This time there would be nothing separating them, and so Dean let Cas take his time peeling the damp jeans from Dean's legs, breath catching in his throat as he watched his dick spring loose inches from Cas's face. Cas let his hand trail up Dean's thigh as he stood, fingertips brushing his dick before wrapping around it. Dean let out a gasp, locking eyes with Cas as he stroked him a couple times.
Thanks again for all your kind words and kudos, even when I'm slow to update. You are all so, SO appreciated!
Except that it had, according to Balthazar, and the thought of that made Cas's face hot. Except it had apparently been a mistake, and who knows how much of it was a mistake to Dean.
"Cas." He states, giving Balthazar's hand a firm shake, nervous suddenly under the gaze of literally every person in the room.
Cas's eyebrow arched up, "Is that so?" he purred, reaching a free hand behind him in search of what he knew Dean wanted. Dean willingly spread his legs beneath Cas, allowing him to find his entrance and stroke slow circles around it. That was all it took for Dean to fall apart, whimpers pouring from his lips almost instantly.
Dean had called her on his way home from the café on Saturday morning, letting everything out, and she had understood just like he had hoped. But it was no longer Charlie that he needed to understand. In the time he'd had to think everything over, sort through his anger, his hurt, his sadness he had realized Cas was so much more to him than just a secretary, just another employee. They had become friends, more than friends, and Dean wanted so desperately to tell him how he felt and more.
"Benny is…" she trailed off, struggling to find the right words, "Kind of lacking in empathy. When everything happened, we found out that the Benny we knew wasn't who we had thought, and he was actually selfish and uncaring. That hit Dean especially hard since… you know… but everyone else felt it too. We were all friends and he had just been… lying." She paused, her eyes distant as she recalled her memories of Benny.
Balthazar took a deep breath, "It was not, as the media said, some idiotic interns, but one man that had been a friend to everyone. From what I have gathered, he had gotten the job with the sole intent of finding information he could sell. He worked there for near a year, becoming friends with everyone in the office, including Dean. You are the first person to fill his position since he left the company months ago."
He typed, letting out a slow breath and putting his phone face down on his desk to avoid what he knew would be the answer. That had been something, it was almost tangible in the space between them. For heaven's sake, the waitress had even noticed.
"I love you too, Cas. I'm happy with you,
Weekends in a new town were always hard for Cas. Give him a couple weeks and he was bound to have a few friendly faces and a handful of plans, but for now he was content with relaxing by himself. Especially considering the headache he had woken up with this morning.
"I didn't realize you had a car! But nah, I made sure this was all walkable, if that's okay." He turned, leading Cas back down the street. He tucked away the road trip idea for a couple months down the road if things worked out. He hoped they did.
There was a knock on the door.
They stare at each other for a moment, before the pie and plastic container is clattering to the concrete and Dean takes two long strides forward. His arms are around the Angel before he knows it, fists balled into his trench coat at the tears spring back to his eyes.
Cas chuckled, pushing him away to make his way to the shower, pointedly ignoring Dean's sounds of protest from behind him. He paused in the doorway, turning back to Dean as he began to undo his shirt, and arched his eyebrow, "Are you coming or not?"
Dean smirked, and Cas let out a quiet breath.
, Sam had promised him. His brother, always rather perceptive to Dean's inner demons, had been dropping subtle hints about taking a break to clear his head. It was that weekend he decided to let himself live a little, and wandered into an inconspicuous gay bar, hoping to catch some tail and well,
Balthazar paused for a moment, interpreting, before his eyes went wide. "Oh why yes I would love to grab a drink with you!" He said, all but dragging Cas out of the building.
"I uh, yeah. I guess so. Yes." Dean's eyes flitted up to meet his, a small smile tugging at his lips. Cas's mouth twitched up at the corners as well.
anything about the 'L' word. He flopped down on the couch, pinching his nose between his fingers. Doesn't matter if he was ready, this needed to come out now.
“I don’t know” Cas whispers, voice softer than Dean has ever heard, “It was nothing and then... I heard
With the caffeine starting to bubble in his veins, he smiled enthusiastically, blue eyes wrinkling at their corners. Charlie, the Winchester Roasters hiring manager, had hit it off with him over many emails and a handful of phone calls, eager to bring him in and show him the place. She had admired his pages of work experience, as well as the enthusiasm he had for the company and his knowledge of the Roasters media presence.
"So can you start tomorrow?", she beamed.
"They don’t know what the fuck they're talking about" He spat, the anger in his voice causing Cas to look up at him once more. His eyes narrowed, he looked almost confused.
it had started so intensely physical we just kind of fell into each other. But with Cas well, I don't know. I definitely want it to be physical but I think I want more, too. But, what if…" he trailed off, casting his eyes down now.
Dean cleared his throat, "I hope you're not one of those vegans. I didn't account for much other than carnivore when I picked this place."
So when Dean came out of his office around 12:30, Cas was trying to convince himself this was just like a business meeting and less like a casual lunch outing. They stood shoulder to shoulder in the elevator, both fidgeting in the silence.
"You're going to leave?" Dean said, not quite able to hide the disappointment from his voice. Based on Cas's history, he stayed in on place for anywhere from six months to a little more than a year. He was aware he barely knew the guy, but why bother trying to establish a trusting friendship if he was just going to up and go?
"Cassie! Happy Friday you handsome devil." Dean turned, following his gaze to where Cas was making his way to his desk. Cas was wearing an ink blue button down shirt, and when he turned to look in their direction, the color made his eyes flash impossibly deeper blue. Dean let out a low breath as Cas started toward them, his shirt sleeves rolled to his elbows, hands stuffed effortlessly in his pockets. Dean wasn't sure if it was the color of the shirt, the combination of black slacks and the brown dress shoes, or maybe that usually his figure was shrouded by some cardigan, but Dean was definitely staring.
Cas could feel his cheeks flushing, mortified to have misread this whole situation. Who was he kidding? This man was his boss, a business icon, he didn't want any kind of relationship with his secretary. This had been a mistake, and he should never had let Balthazar or anyone talk him into this.
As Cas worked Dean open, he whispered dirty encouragements, causing Dean to wriggle and whine underneath him. After a few minutes, the whimpers had turned into soft begging, Dean bucking his hips in hopes that Cas would slide a little lower.
"I'm sorry too," Cas began,"I think I assumed the worst instead of just talking to you and-" he chuckled, shaking his head, "I guess I'm just not used to this. I'm used to just up and leaving and…" he stopped, realizing maybe he was about to say too much.
"I think I have to go home." Cas stated bluntly, standing and gathering his things. He could see Dean falter out of the corner of his eye. He knew he should be addressing this rather than running, but he needed to just process first.
. Cas was wearing a powder blue Henley rolled up to his elbows, dark jeans and sneakers.
Letting the caffeine slowly seep into his veins, he gazed mindlessly out the window, thoughts drifting from work, to Sam, to home where he could barely recall getting himself up this morning. He had skipped the gym, having let the rain convince him to stay in bed, which was probably to blame for his groggy morning. He knew he had a lot to do today, including a conference call with Sam before the usual Monday meeting, but he let himself savor his coffee before he made any moves to get up. Dean noted distantly that he was feeling less tense than he had in months, and wondered if it had anything to do with having someone back outside his office door to help him balance his life.
, he mused.
"Not at all" he brushed off, "he's just a secretary."
"Hey Cas!" the man beamed, and Cas's eyes darted to Dean's then back.
Once inside the door, his brain began to scream for a hot shower. Normally that wasn't an issue, but now he had this maddeningly attractive and soaking wet man shivering next to him.
"I'm uh, glad you came Cas." He swallowed thickly, "I'll be sure to let you know if we do another. Uh. I should get back to work." He instantly felt the cool wash of air as Cas's hand left his arm.
With a sigh, Dean went in for a larger helping of beer, before slumping back into the booth.
Dean let out a shaky breath. How the hell was he supposed to ask this guy out on a real date?
"Good morning Donna" he called as he walked through the front doors.
"Of course, Dean. Let me know if you need anything." And he turned and left.
Cas rolled his eyes.
He had just flipped open his book when his phone went off, a text from Balthazar:
"De- Dean, I can't, I-," Cas gasped, and Dean slowed himself to a stop, pulling back to look at this artfully disheveled man in front of him. Cas blushed, catching his breath, "I'm sorry, I- it's been a while," he panted, casting his eyes down.
Dean's own cock twitched, wanted release after getting so worked up, but Dean ignored it. "Do you want me to…" he trailed off, raising his eyebrows at Cas. He could take care of himself later if Cas wanted out.
He let himself focus on Sammy, whose eyes shown with childlike joy as he did what he did best. He let himself drift away from thoughts of Cas for now, knowing full well Sam would be on top of the situation as soon as they were back home. For now he welcomed a different happiness, the kind he felt around his baby brother.
"Hello, Balthazar," he said, not able to hide the smile from his voice.
As he got up, Balthazar caught his arm, "Please don't call him Mr. Winchester." That earned a few chuckles from the rest of the table, and Cas narrowed his eyes at them before turning toward the bar.
Dean froze, the anger and paranoia bubbling in his gut. What was this? What was he doing? He promised himself he wouldn’t do this ever again and now here he was, on the verge of talking about feelings with what, his secretary? Again? He felt his mouth opening and closing, trying to decide on what to say next. He could end this right now, save himself the embarrassment of the world eventually finding out again, of having to explain himself, of Benny coming forward and costing him his job. Was this worth it? Hell if he knew. A tiny voice at the back of his head screamed that Cas meant happiness, but what was happiness if he lost everything he had worked so hard for. For his damn
"Charlie, I don't know what to say. Thank you, for this and for everything. I cannot express how much your friendship means to me, especially considering I was afraid I had fucked it up." He heard her chuckle on the other end of the line, "I will give him a call. Thanks Charlie."
"So I guess, it would make some sense that he would still go to Dean for, I'm sorry,  a booty call. He wouldn't care what that might do to Dean or to the people around him, since he's only thinking about himself." Charlie finished, taking a long swig from her bottle and she continued to think.
"No way" Cas breathed, eyes flicking to Dean before launching forward. He floated between different booths, chatting with both civilians and shop owners, pointing and pulling Dean along. Dean had been here plenty of times, a frequent stop in his childhood. The place had become a tourist attraction in more recent years, but it was still fun and nostalgic to spend the evening. He couldn't help watching Castiel with a smile glued to his face, seeing the curiosity and joy in the man's eyes. Dean thought it looked good on him, and even more he liked that he had helped put it there.
, he thought as Mr. Winchester turned to leave.
Distantly he hears Sam call his name, panic at him no longer standing where he had left him, then shoes on the pavement coming to an abrupt halt.
Charlie had shot him a text shortly after his little meeting with his boss that simply said "LUNCH" followed by several food related emojis. He hadn't seen much of her since the bar last week, so he was excited (and relieved) that she would be joining them. Outside of work, Cas's people skills were a little rusty. Spending much of his time alone when he wasn't at work, despite the friends he had made over the last few years, left him lacking in the small talk department. A couple drinks in him, as evidenced by the previous outing, and he was slightly less awkward. However, there would be no drinks this time.
Dean chuckled, letting his other hand slowly release Cas's shirt, much to his disappointment. "Weirdly enough, I only live about 4 blocks that way," he pointed over his shoulder, "So I think I'll take Balthazar's advice and walk to cool myself off."
Dean let out a low groan in response, trying to stroke Cas through his orgasm while he rode out his own, head rolling backward. After a moment he pulled his head back up, resting his forehead against Cas's. Cas blinked, trying to refocus his eyes, inhaling sharply when they did. At this angle, Dean's flushed cheeks brought out a brilliant spattering of freckles visible through his long eye lashes. Cas smiled to himself, lifting his chin to press a soft kiss to Dean's cheek.
Monday had, as usual, made an unwelcome appearance far too quickly. The weekend had been full of rain and not much else, and the easy laziness had followed Dean into the start of the work week. He had come into his office to find a piping hot cup of dark roast alongside his stack of morning paperwork, but when he had poked his head out the door to thank Cas, he hadn't been at his desk. Dean had made a mental note to say something later, and taken the cup and his paperwork over to the armchair by the window to ease into the week. He wasn't in the mood to dive in just yet.
"So, how you feeling? Hungry again? Drinks? Whatever you'd like, I'm yours for the night." Dean said after a moment, face splitting into a grin.
The sun started to go down and Dean was able to drag Cas out into an open area just in time to catch the sunset. Colored light reflected from the clouds and the water made the sky look explosive, and in the excitement of the evening, made Cas gasp. Dean found he was staring at Cas more than the view.
A slightly too hard nibble at his collar made him refocus, and he made a decision. He pulled Cas's hips hard into his, fitting against him and causing Cas to breathe a downright filthy moan into his neck. He nudged at Cas's cheek, bringing his face up to catch his mouth in a kiss, and forced them back till Cas's bumped Dean's desk. Now, it was Dean's turn to explore, and he continue to push himself into Cas as he mouthed his was along his jaw line and down his neck. He shifted his hips once more, just slightly, to line up their not so subtle boners, and began to grind into Cas.
"Mr. Winchester" a voice like a deep rumble of thunder came across the line, "your - uh - the other Mr. Winchester -uh, Sam, is on the line for you. Shall I patch him through?"
Cas was smiling, watching Dean's face of mild panic in the mirror. Dean straightened, clearing his throat and raising an eyebrow. "Come on, we've probably been gone suspisciously long."
"Dean, fuck," was all the warning he got, Cas's eyes squeezing shut as he threw his head back and let out a long, low, groan. Dean stroked him through it, resting their for heads together just as Dean came undone himself. They stood there for a moment, panting and holding each other up. Dean pulled away with a soft chuckle, a warm blush spreading across him as he took in the sight before him. Leaning back against the door, Cas's hair was sticking in every direction, his blue eyes fluttering open but still striking against his flushed cheeks. Shirt thrown back over his shoulders, there was a peppering of deep red bruises appearing across his exposed chest where Dean had sucked a little too hard, and then what looked like miles of tanned skin stretched taught over the muscles of Cas's abdomen. A splattering of wet spots dotted the skin below his stomach, just above where he was tucking himself back into orange boxer briefs.
Finally they broke apart, gasping and holding each other. Cas's cheeks were deliciously flushed, his eyes glowing against the bright pink.
The conversation was light, full of weekend and summer plans, funny stories from the work week. A couple of things got a soft laugh from Cas, and Dean had paused to enjoy the sound, and the way his impossibly blue eyes crinkled at the corners. More than once, Cas had caught him staring, or been blatantly staring himself, and their eyes met with a raised brow from Cas.
"Are you coming back?" asked Dean.
"Hey, jerk!" came Sam's booming voice, startling Dean from his thoughts.
He pushed Cas back up against the desk, fisting his hands in the man's shirt in one fluid motion. Cas's eyes widened, flicking to Dean's lips, then back up with meet green.
"Hey, whoa, you sure you want to brave the storm? It's been a while since it's been this bad out."
Dean watched him still, and Cas began to think this had been a mistake, when he cleared his throat. "Yeah man, you're good. Don't forget to skip on the coffee tomorrow." he beamed, poking fun that made Cas blush a little more.
When Dean had shown up to work this morning, it was obvious that something was wrong. He himself was a disheveled mess, but there was also a strange buzz around the office. When he got out of the elevator, his heart sank as he realized why.
Going on a quick run helped a little bit, but mostly made him think more.
Balthazar, draped over the front desk chatting with Donna, had shot Cas a deviously curious look when he and Dean strolled back into the office together. After thanking Dean for lunch, he collapsed into his desk chair and took a couple minutes to compose himself. He winced when he felt his phone go off in his pocket, knowing exactly what it would be.
"Dean, thank you. For taking the time to spend this time with me, doing all the touristy things you probably find rather lame, I-"
Friday morning came, and with nerves one fire Cas set out to enact the plan he and Balthazar had cooked up earlier in the week. He had to get to the office early, before anyone else, including Dean, was there. Stowing his backpack out of sight under his desk, he slipped around the corner to where the coffee brewers were. From there, Cas could peek around the corner and ensure Dean made his way to his office after his Friday morning run. He was fidgeting, about to just call it quits from being so anxious, when he heard the ding of the elevator.
So they stayed in that moment for as long as they could keep themselves together.
Dean unwrapped an arm and slid it down to take Cas's hand, guiding him to wrap around his dick, then wrapping his own hand around Cas. Stroking each other, their mouths met with soft gasps. Cas's free hand wrapped around Dean's back to keep him steady, pull him impossibly closer, as Dean's free fingers tangled their way into the hair at the back of Cas's neck. Between kisses escaped quiet moans, the occasional whimper, and the shudder of breath as they worked each other closer to the edge.
This chapter is rated R
"Yeah yeah, sounds good. See ya." He scrubbed his hand over his face as he disconnected, wondering why everyone couldn't just mind their damn business.
Cas helped him clean up, both men slipping in a few flirtatious touches, smiling and glancing at each other as they moved about the space with ease. Cas changed into his now dry clothes from the day before, and as noon approached Dean found he was searching for things to talk about to prevent him from leaving. He was enjoying the company, but also the casual familiarity with which they interacted. Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean walked Cas to the door. He didn't want this to feel like a one night stand kind of goodbye because he didn't want it to be a one night stand.
"Right, yes, sorry about that again. Uh, well, I'll see you tomorrow." He all but tripped turning around and walking to the door. There was something about being in such close proximity to this man that made Cas nervous. If their conversation over lunch had shown him anything, Dean was just a regular, albeit handsome, guy. Maybe it was the suit, or the private office setting, but Cas felt like he needed to just go.
Dean took the rest of his whiskey like a shot.
When he walked back into his office with Cas in tow, Charlie was already setting up their little tasting. She raised an eyebrow briefly at Dean, who simply smiled, knowing she would want to hear about it all later even if he addressed it now.
Dean's brows furrowed as he considered Cas, nibbling slightly on his lip. His hand slid down Cas's arm to brush their knuckles together. "You could stay… if you want.." He mumbled.
"I want you to stay" Dean blurted out, eyes looking anywhere but at Cas as he continued to chew on his lip.
"That's totally fine, I just figured maybe we could bring this down to the tasting team," he grinned pulling a couple bags of his new coffee from his duffel. Deans eyes lit up with the prospect of a tasting led by Sam in person, and they hurried toward the elevator.
"Charlie," the CEO nodded, shifting his gaze ever so slightly to Cas, "Secretary."
Charlie pushed a folder into his hands. "I found someone. He starts in the morning."
A few minutes later he found himself horizontal on the couch, head still a little foggy, with a warm and mostly dry Castiel curled up next to him. Both were wearing Dean's sweats, the TV playing quietly in the background. Dean mindlessly kissed the top of Cas's head. "How do you feel about some take out?"
. "This is about trust and.. And professionalism and.. Business.." He trailed off, acutely aware that Charlie was watching him through narrowed eyes.
Another sob escapes Dean’s lips and he feels himself falling, knees giving out as relief crashes over him, pulling Cas down to the ground in the middle of the parking lot as they both cling to each other. He is afraid to let go, afraid to take a step away for fear he would disappear again.
Cas shook his head with a laugh, "No, no, no. I don’t do well with heights either. I've found I live easier with my feet on the Earth."
It was late now, and even though he didn't want to, Cas began gathering his things to leave while Dean ran to the bathroom. His clothes were still damp and it was still pouring outside, so he decided calling an Uber would be better than walking the couple blocks. When Dean returned from the bathroom, he caught Cas's arm.
of the shower" he mused, shoving the fries in his mouth. He had a lazy grin on his face, and Charlie definitely noticed.
"Hello, Dean. I, - I'm sorry I didn't respond to you sooner, I didn't have my phone on me." He was hesitant to say he was on his way home -home?- in case Charlie had played this up too much and it wasn't what Dean wanted. He went back to holding his breath.
Through gritted teeth, Dean mumbled, "I'm on vacation, I'm not stalking you. I figured you'd have hit the east coast by now."
Deciding to play with personal boundaries, Cas made a slow but deliberate grab for a coffee mug sitting on the counter just behind Dean's hip. He let his fingers trail dangerously close as he leaned in to grab it, watching his boss's face flush. With a smirk, he stepped to the side to fill the mug, then returned his gaze to Dean's.
And with that he turns on his heel, snatching his coffee off the table and heading toward the elevator. At that the rest of the team starts to move, some heading for the desks as others hurry to catch a ride with Balthazar. Cas's watch is nearing 8:30 as he and Charlie continue toward the far end of the floor.
Suddenly Dean was turning, a smile spreading across his face as he met Cas's awestruck face, and gestured out behind him. Cas's eyes followed his hand to find they were standing at the edge of the water in a park that spread along the shoreline in either direction. The salty ocean air blew over them as they looked out at endless blue under endless, well, gray right now. It was beautiful anyway, a view so unobstructed it made you want to run toward it.
As he heard the door close behind him, he exhaled, letting his shoulders drop and jaw unclench. He didn't enjoy being the stern boss man this was going to turn him into, but be knew it had to be done for the sake of the company. And his sanity.
Dean croaks against Cas’s collar, his heart and mind racing.
"Do you trust me to find someone perfect for the job, Dean? Or would you rather I take in date applications? This guy is good. He has the experience, he has the passion, and he is a fresh face with no idea about your personal life. You said it yourself, you have to keep them separate. You’re his boss, you're everyone's boss! Don't let anyone think otherwise. We can deal with your other shit outside the office, okay?"
not some random office employee. That could never happen.
Fun. Just for fun. That was something he could do. Something that he probably needed, if he was being honest.
After a few hours of answering emails, collecting sales reports, and putting together the weekly action plan, Dean was itching for the phone to ring. He hadn't spoken to his brother since last week, and he was eager to hear more about the coffee farm he had been scoping out. Dean had gone through Sam's report a couple of times, and the place looked promising. They were hoping to settle a deal and have the stuff on the market by the fall.
Cas stumbled out of the car, squinting as he tried to understand these snippets of information he had gained over the last few hours. Balthazar yelled to him as the car pulled away, but he only vaguely noticed as the pieces slowly came together. As he trudged up the steps to his front door, he twisted the key, and everything slid into place with a click.
That was clearly not what Dean was expecting, but after a second, Dean laughed, which Cas had not expected either.
Naturally, everyone around the tasting table was turned, looking for the source of the sudden commotion. Balthazar was sporting an ear to ear grin.
"Okay. I'll stay." Cas said.
He stepped up beside the man, raising his empty bottle to the bartender to signal for another, and Dean turned to him. "Hey man, I see Balthazar managed to drag you to another night out, huh?"
Cas smiled, finishing off his last wing. "I'll have to plan one of those soon. Or maybe I'll plan to head there next."
As he waited for appointment he helped himself to a black cup of coffee. Cas was partial to milk and sugar most days, but he wasn’t about to embarrass himself but lightening the color in his cup in a building full of connoisseurs. Taking a sip, he felt the coffee spill down his throat and spread warmth through his entire body. Face relaxing and eyes focusing on his surroundings, he mused that there is
Exhausting as the day had been, Cas had gotten to see a lot of his neighborhood, realizing he was a few short blocks from the Winchester Roasters he had walked past with Dean on their way to lunch.
Dean had given himself a pep talk as he got dressed this morning.
He sighed, sitting up and reaching for a handful of fries. "He was just doing his job, nobody had warned him that I would be in there. At least he didn't catch me as I was getting
Dean chuckled, "Yes, definitely. Thanks Cas."
"I can do that again if you'd like" Cas said, and he watched the pink in Mr. Winchester's face deepen a shade before he realized what he'd said. "Oh my god, the coffee! Not the - no, the coffee." Cas scrubbed a hand across his face, stifling what was half a laugh, half a groan.
"I hate that" he said as she strode into the office, a smirk playing at her lips. Charlie and Dean had met in college, bonding in their business classes over their similar taste in nerdy things. When he and his brother had inherited the company after their father fell ill, Dean knew he wanted Charlie with him every step of the way. At least she had remained loyal.
It had occurred to Dean halfway through the day on Saturday that he, in fact, did not have Cas's number. At first, he had pouted, wondering if it would be too… needy if he asked Charlie for it. Sam had told him to suck it up and contact the guy if he wanted, but Dean knew it would give the wrong impression to Cas.
Cas followed the throng of Winchester Roasters employees to a restaurant a few blocks away. Purgatory was a company favorite, especially Mr. Winchester's, Charlie had told him. It was their usual Friday happy hour spot because of their huge beer selection, but Dean apparently swore by their burgers. Part of Cas hoped that meant Mr. Winchester would be joining them, but he had stayed behind at the office to finish some things, sending the rest of them off at 5 sharp.
Dean was so focused on the quiet hitching of Cas's breath that he almost didn't hear Sammy come on the line.
Conversation and questioning subsided, signaling the end of the interview. Cas would never let it show, but this part always made him a little nervous. Charlie chewed thoughtfully on her lip, wondering if she should share more about the position or leave it on a need to know basis. Castiel seemed perceptive enough, and she didn't want to overstep her bounds by sharing what the media didn't even know. With an exhale, she stood and smiled, extending her hand.
"Well, uh, thank you, Mr. Winchester. I'm glad to hear that. Thank you." Cas cast his eyes down again, breaking the staring contest he hadn't realized they were having, a small smile tugging at his lips.
"Hiya, Cas" Dean breathed once Cas had settled in.
"Hey, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Um.." Dean cast his eyes down to his feet, "Uh, if you want, I mean if it's something you would like, maybe I can make us dinner sometime? Maybe this week?" He felt his own cheeks flush. God he was such a wimp! "Or if you'd rather go out somewhere or do something else or-"
He chalked it up to Benny knowing Dean's true feelings and using him for a good time, but Dean never gave in. Not yet anyway. Every
"I had a good time at lunch today, Cas. Thanks for giving me the chance to prove I'm not always an asshole." Cas let out a soft, quick exhale, and Dean smiled, making Cas all too sure that the man was aware of how he said Cas's name, and he liked Cas's reaction. For a fraction of a second, Cas glanced at the smirking lips, then back up to meet Dean's eyes.
He took out his phone, thumbing through his message threads and pausing over Benny's. He wasn't even sure why. Part of him wanted to erase the messages, delete the contact, block the number. Part of him wanted to call him up and scream, he had ruined his ability to trust anyone, to put his all into a person without being afraid. Part of him wanted to see what he was up to, ask him to swing by and relieve some of this tension coursing through him. Instead, he scrolled up to Charlie's messages.
They stood there grinning at each other for a moment, then Cas leaned forward to catch Dean's lips in his. He let them linger, and Dean could feel the twitch of a smile, before he pulled away and reached for the door.
"It's not a tropical beach, or really a beach at all, but it's beautiful I think." Dean responded, glancing briefly at their intertwined fingers before looking back out over the water.
"I-" wait, what? So Cas did know who Benny was. Fuck. "How do you know who Benny is?" Dean asked slowly, trying to sift through his memory to a time it might have come up. No, he would remember.
"Hey, how are you feeling?" Dean asked, sliding into the seat across from Cas.
. Perfect.
As the pair finally made their way to the last table, Dean leaned to Charlie and gestured toward the bar. He gave them a brief wave as he walked by to get himself another drink. Cas, confidence regained with the help of his table full of wingmen and his slight buzz, downed the last of his drink while watching his boss's ass make its way to the bar. Charlie chatted with them for a second, then turned to Cas.
Laughing, Dean let out the breath he wasn't aware he had been holding. "Yeah, that happens. But hey just a few hours drive south and you've got sunny beaches in Oregon and California! Weekend trips are pretty common around here, helps clear the cloud cover from your mind."
They had chatted briefly over text on Sunday, making tentative plans to spend a day together next weekend. On Monday, Cas left a note on Dean's desk with his coffee:
He set to work on his email.
Dean chewed the inside of his cheek. Charlie was right, she was always right. She knew this company just as well as he did, she knew who fit in and who didn't. Last time had been a mistake on his part, but it wasn't going to happen again. He was the boss, dammit, it was time to stop sulking and run a damn business.
For a few minutes, Dean sat in silence on his couch going over every interaction he and Cas had since they had walked out of the office just an hour or so ago. Was Cas mad that he had shooed him from the kitchen? It had just been a joke, this stupid pizza he always made for himself on nights when he couldn't be othered with other people, he'd never shared it with anyone else and well… now he wanted to share it with Cas. Whatever. Maybe he really hadn't felt good, but still…
would they still be in touch? And talking about
He had mostly finished unpacking into this new little studio, not that he traveled with much anyway. Cas was grateful to be in a city with such excellent public transportation and also to be living kind of close to the office, not having to spend money on gas as frequently would be a blessing to his hopefully steady paycheck. His Kia Soul had taken up residence in a little permit only lot around the corner, where Cas was hoping she would stay safe. He was planning to take some weekend trips to drivable vacation spots around the Pacific North West, maybe even up into Canada, after he got himself settled here. He spent a lot of time on the road between jobs, and he loved it, but it was nice to have something bigger than a car to call his own for a little while.
tickling his ear before Cas stepped away. He would be back here tomorrow night to pick Cas up. The rest of the way to his own apartment, Dean smiled to himself.
, Cas smirked.
Dean called three more times. He turned his phone off.
After yesterday morning’s incident, and the conversation later that afternoon, Dean had let his stern CEO façade fall away a little bit. He couldn't deny this nerdy new guy was easy on the eyes, he had this voice that Dean could feel rumbling through every nerve in his body, and he couldn't get the image of piercingly blue irises against flushed cheeks out of him head.
"Sammy, I thought I was in love with Benny. I thought we were going to have a life together. But looking back… we didn't have nearly as much as I thought we did. We didn't have the comfy moments at home the way Cas and I do, or the same kind of fun. And that was months of my life, mistakes that I made, all because my brain made up some fake scenario and I couldn't see it. I don't trust myself to feel, to genuinely feel, because what if I fuck myself over again?" He exhaled, staring at his palms.
He's not sure how long he sat there in thought after Charlie left, staring blankly at the closed door.
Dean gave them both a quick nod as he closed in, "Charlie, secretary," and continued straight into his office.
"Of course, all the sweeter as the week is coming to an end. You'll be coming out for drinks later, yeah?" Balthazar replied as Dean continued to stand there, trying to control his thoughts.
Now Cas could hear the smile in Dean's voice as he huffed out a laugh, "Well, I'd say I'll have my secretary pencil you in but, uh…" Dean trailed off and Cas couldn't hold back his quick bark of laughter.
no better feeling first thing in the morning.
Dean visibly cringed, not ready to deal with another Benny talk
As the upper floor emptied out for lunch, Cas sat back in his chair and pulled out a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Usually he would venture down to the small office cafeteria for a change of scenery, but that was only if Mr. Winchester had already taken his leave. Afraid to make any more mistakes today, he stayed close by in case he was needed. Taking the last bite of his sandwich, he got up and strolled over to the floor to ceiling windows that made up the wall on the right side of the building. Some early afternoon sun was poking through the clouds, giving a rare view of the city. He smiled at the prospect of exploring this weekend.
In the backseat, languid conversation turned serious, and Balthazar quietly went into explanation of their earlier conversation.
Dean couldn't deny that this nerdy guy was more interesting than he had originally thought. Dean wouldn't tell him that he thought his lifestyle of travel was incredible, that maybe he could show him more of Seattle, or even the west coast, if he'd let him. Right now, he was trapped in a stare that might as well be seeing straight into his soul, and he didn't mind one bit.
Cas paused. Had he made Dean blush on their lunch break yesterday? And even if he did, why did he care?
"Dean, no, you didn't do anything wrong," Cas said slowly, "I just, I don’t know, it's work and you're my boss and…" he paused, trying to figure out where to go with this, "And I wouldn't want people to think any less of you as the head of this company for being involved with someone like me." He knew that would hit home with Dean, and he hoped it would be appreciated even if Dean didn't know that Cas knew the truth.
Dean's eagerness to care for him stung a little, as Cas couldn't fathom caring for someone so deeply and failing to mention something so dire.
Exhaling, Dean turned to look out the window. After the initial leak of company trade secrets, Benny had directly contacted him to confess, but also bribe him. He had told him everything, his plan from day one, coming in to be a mole and sell any information to the highest bidder. What was never a part of his plan, however, was the secret relationship he had started with his boss. Despite the way they felt about each other, their positions made it difficult to bring the relationship to light without causing a scandal. Instead, a different kind of scandal had come out of the whole thing. Benny was smart and had directly contacted Dean because he knew he couldn't let his reputation be tarnished. He couldn't admit to the world that he, the CEO of Winchester Roasters had been the one to give up so much of that information under the guise of love. Benny had dealt a blow to the company, sure, but they could recover. If other businesses utilized their trade secrets, so be it, they would never be the same company, they couldn't compete.
"I think that, in leu of our lunch yesterday, I should buy you a drink," Cas mused with a sly smile, cocking his head to the side suggestively. Dean almost choked. Cas definitely owed Balthazar, big time.
"Dean" he choked, getting impossibly harder at the sight. He launched then, off the bed to roll Dean onto his back as he took him into his own hands. Cas's mouth found Dean's with a crash, swallowing the whimper that escaped as Cas began to jerk him off.
Dean accompanied Charlie on her round of mingling, receiving many excited greetings. Apparently, all of the employees adored him. Gabe mentioned that everyone had been a little put off by his few days of 'dicky behavior,' but they were glad he was back to his social and charming self. Nobody commented on how Cas had been the cause of the negative attitude shift, and he was grateful.
The sudden scratch of chair legs against the floor brought him back, and he realized he was staring at an empty chair, as Cas moved around him to head for the door. He jumped, surging after him, leaving his untouched mug of coffee on the table.
Cas wondered if he was gaping, because if his boss hadn't realized he was gay before, this had to be a dead giveaway. Who didn't love a man in some loose, business casual?
Cas paused. This day had been so much fun, doing almost nothing with Dean. Who knows what tomorrow would bring, but he was eager to find out.
It's been two months since Cas moved out of his studio and into Dean's place, and a little more than that since he'd cleared out his desk at the office in favor of working behind the counter in the café. Like most things in his life as of recent, this job was very new to him, and he loved every minute of it. Dean was still pouty about him not being directly outside his office every day, but Cas felt living together made up for it.
Wednesday, however, Dean wasn't so lucky. He woke up reaching across the bed, grasping at empty sheets before he felt a hollowness settle in his gut. Reluctantly opening his eyes, his impulse was to text Cas that he missed waking up to him as he did on days they didn't sleep at each other's homes. His body clock demanding that he stay awake, Dean decided to drag himself on a run, and he slipped outside into the surprisingly warm air.
Charlie had taken him out to lunch in hopes of clearing his head and letting him have a productive second half of his day. It had helped a little, and as he strolled back into his office his heart lurched as he saw a man standing beside his desk. It only took a second to rule out Cas by the height alone, which could only mean…
Charlie's eyes flashed with worry, and she got up to toss the empty tray of fry crumbs.
"Can I speak to you in my office?" Cas felt all the color drain from his face at the question, but nodded curtly and followed Dean through the doorway. "Have a seat." Dean said, gesturing to the chairs in front of his desk. Cas had walked past them every day for nearly two weeks, and never before had they seemed so terrifying.
and not think about you waiting outside the door the entire time" he took a step closer, into Dean's personal space, "you have much stronger will power than I." Cas threw his shirt to the ground and caught Dean's lips in one swift movement, backing him up against the nearest wall.
Almost on instinct Dean’s mind reaches out in prayer. He doesn’t say much, just pushes all the things he is feeling out there. Maybe Cas will feel them too, and then at least he will know. If Dean can’t get him back, he just wishes Cas could
At that, the elevator doors opened, as Charlie came skidding around the corner. "Guys! Hey!" They stepped out as she continued, "Guys, I'm sorry, I got dragged into something kind of important and I want to see it finished before I take lunch. I was just coming up to tell you." She jutted out her bottom lip, pulling a flawless puppy dog eyed pout.
"I have to call Sam" Dean blurted out, turning to hurry to his office, ignoring what sounded like a chuckle coming from Cas. He closed the door and leaned up against it, taking a deep breath. This was not happening.
Pushing himself harder on the run back to his place, he contemplated his next move. He couldn't bear the thought of Cas feeling the way he had felt. He wanted Cas to know that it was a misunderstanding, that he was wrong for never telling him, that he wanted him back, permanently if he could.
Did he just say relationship?
He took a deep breath and shook his head. Letting the tingle in his nerves settle as he focused on getting his work started for the day, he dialed Sam's number and set his mind to work.
Well, they hadn't really ever been in a relationship, had they?
him, as if you knew deep down you should. If you feel as strongly about him as you think you do, without comparing him to your past relationships, I think you deserve to trust yourself and let yourself have this."
He was running, his mind flipping through ideas of what to do with Sam today, before he even realized where he was headed. As he rounded the corner to Cas's street, he slowed, hoping maybe to catch a glimpse of morning activity through the studio windows. Dean let out a sigh when he realized they were dark. He thought about sucking it up, going to knock on the door and beg to explain, or even calling him now, but with a glance at his watch he remembered he was the only insane person out this early.
Cas stared, excitement bubbling in his chest. He had no dreams of being a bigger part of this company than he already was, but the idea of being a part of a process so crucial and often overlooked, that would be incredible.
This guy could play nerdy secretary, but when he got in this mood, he was a whole different animal. Dean couldn't get enough.
"Sounds good" Cas replied, standing to take his leave. As he reached the door, Dean called to him again.
Settling into the chair beside him, Benny's unmistakable southern drawl reached his ears, "You don't have to stalk me, you know. A phone call would have worked." He smirked at Dean, trying to ease the air.
After taking the time to digest their giant meal, Dean suggested some sight seeing. At this point, Cas was content to do literally anything Dean suggested, chatting with him about their lives, childhoods, local sights, anything. It nagged at the back of Cas's mind that Dean had yet to bring up Benny, as this thing between them was going on a couple weeks now, but it didn't feel right to ask. Not yet anyway.
Blue eyes blurred in his vision, closing as Dean's hands found their way into Cas's hair and crashed their lips together. Cas let out a soft moan, wrapping his arms around Dean and pushing, backing Dean up against the wall, the air of tension between them exploding like fireworks the second their lips touched. For a moment they fought each other for control, hands gripping at hair, shirts, the occasional ass cheek, as they spun, pushing each other up against any solid surface they could find. Eventually Cas gained control, dipping his tongue into Dean's mouth, eliciting a noise Dean would never admit to making, and tangling his hands as best he could in Dean's hair. Dean happily gave in then, glad to be taken and had in a way he so desperately needed more of. Cas had his leg wedged between Dean's, their bodies pressed close together against the bathroom wall, feeling every movement of firm muscle, every twitch of pleasure.
"Thanks, Cas. I'll be sure to let you know when I need a refill." He settled on.
"Cas, wait-" Dean said, eyebrows furrowed. He launched forward, clutching his towel with one hand and reaching for Cas's hand with the other. Spinning around, Cas's eyes were cast down, cheeks burning hot. He needed to say something.
Post shower, he heated up some leftover pizza, opting to eat curled up on the couch than like a civilized person at his little kitchen table. He was thinking about all the places he'd been in the past, and more specifically, all the people he'd been with in the past.
"Yeah, okay definitely." Dean managed a small smile, then turned to grab the bartender, ordering another whiskey. Cas watched him as he took a sip, closing his eyes as the burn slid down his throat. When he opened them again, his expression had changed. A confident grin tugged at his lips as he eyed Cas with the same intensity he had been given. Cas was suddenly very interested in this little game they were playing. Dean arched an eyebrow at him, "You know, the last time someone looked at me like that, I got laid." He sipped again, smug smile on his face.
He had big plans to go for a run, settling himself into a routine while simultaneously scoping out his new neighborhood, but whatever had been in those multiple helpings of
Thursday morning came, and Cas left Dean his coffee and morning work as was becoming normal. He was greeted with a smile and a quiet "good morning, sunshine", causing Cas's cheeks to flush, as Dean strolled to his office. Before he shut his door behind him, however, he paused, and Cas turned to see what was wrong. Dean was standing in the doorway, hand idly fondling the door knob while he furrowed his eyebrows in thought. Cas glanced back out to the office floor, and it seemed nobody else had noticed this change of routine. Cas narrowed his eyes and turned back to Dean, who was now turned back around, watching him.
As they waited for the check, Dean looked up at Cas, thoughtful. "So, actually, this afternoon I'm supposed to have a sampling of a new coffee Sam has been researching. Uh, usually, it's just Charlie and I, and Sam if he can make it home, but if you're interested, maybe you can join us?"
Then, Dean's hands were at his shoulders, pushing gently. He felt his stomach drop as he stepped back. Dean didn't want this.
With his free hand, Dean tugged Cas's boxers lower to completely expose him before dipping in with his mouth. Cas craned his neck, eyes straining as he watched Dean turn his head to mouth at his dick while his hand continued working him slowly. He whimpered, wanting Dean to take him in fully, wanting to flip them over and take Dean himself. Instead, he let himself be pleasured, watching through hooded eyes as Dean dipped to give a hesitant lick to his balls before letting his tongue trail up this length.
Dean let out a dramatic groan, "What
A sudden flurry of movement behind him distracts him from voicing his concerns. He turns to see the office in a state of hustle and bustle it had not been in moments before, and as he scans the room he realizes why. Striding down the center isle, jaw set and brows furrowed is the man that inherited this whole operation. He nods curtly at each of his employees as they bid him a good morning, making a beeline for where Cas stands, staring. Cas turns quickly, trying to seat himself and get organized in the approximately 10 seconds before Dean Winchester would be in his presence.
Dean insisted on a favorite of his, Tombstone, since Cas had never seen it before. Afterward, still lounging on the couch, they talked about other favorite movies, making an impromptu To Watch list for future rainy days. Cas's chest felt warm, full, with the prospect of doing this more often.
Dean had proposed having lunch with Cas as a way to kind of face his fears and get to know the guy. It was the least he could do after he'd so easily slid into life here at Winchester Roasters, even after Dean had treated him like crap. He had invited Charlie to alleviate some of the conversation so Dean didn't have to do all the talking. He was usually pretty good with conversation, making small talk, being his usual charming self. But there was something about the way Cas's gaze held such intensity, it made his face warm and his mind go blank. One on one at some tiny booth? There was no way that could be avoided.
When Monday came, his nerves were buzzing with both anxiety and excitement.
Dean figured it was best to just jump into this. "Hey so Cas is here with Charlie and me, I asked him to sit in on this tasting, hope that's cool."
That seemed to satisfy Balthazar for now, and they walked back toward the main floor where desks and chairs were filling up as everyone started getting to work. There was light chatter humming throughout the room, everyone seeming to be in good spirits due to the nice weather. As Dean planned the room, Balthazar booked behind him.
Dean hadn't realized how much sexual tension he had let build up over the last few weeks, he was exhausted.
Neither of them knew that Benny had been sporadically contacting him. Nobody knew.
"Mr. Winchester, Sam is on the line for your scheduled conference call" came Cas's low rumble through the receiver.
So, Dean had a date. He didn't tell anyone, not Charlie or Sam, not a single person. Let everyone talk as they will, but this was his little slice of joy he wanted to keep to himself.
He turned back to Dean, taking a swig of his cider, and giving the man a quick glance up and down. Dean was wearing the same thing he had been wearing all day, almost every day actually. A crisp white button down with some navy blue slacks and brown dress shoes, his suit jacket probably left at the office. Like Cas, his sleeves were rolled to his elbows, top button undone to make himself look at little more casual. In the low light of the bar, his candy apple green eyes had a yellow flare, almost hidden behind pupils blown wide as he watching Cas blatantly check him out.
"Let him get a drink in first, he has to loosen up a bit. But that looked to me like he knew what he wants." Balthazar made a quick glance to the bar, then reached up to tousle Cas's hair, and quickly undo the top buttons on his shirt. Gabe snickered across the booth, rolling his eyes as he took a swig of his drink. "You two are absurd," he chuckled.
"So um, as you know I'm in charge of hiring and employment and all that jazz," she was talking rather quickly, and Cas, still not fully awake, was squinting his eyes in effort to follow, "and so, well, I don't know how you feel about… remaining in your current position…" at this she paused, waiting for him to respond.
Benny was never one to be put in an awkward situation. He could make any topic, not matter how tense or hurtful, into a lighthearted conversation.
Cas smiled, making sure to catch Dean's eyes as he spoke. "Hello, Dean." He paused, watching the way Dean's eyes blinked wider for a split second, his lips parting with a small exhalation of breath. "Balthazar doesn't have to drag me, I found it quite fun last time. I enjoy getting to know my coworkers. I'm glad you could make it this time."
That's when Dean's phone buzzed on the coffee table in front of him.
"Dean Winchester" that god damn sex voice rumbled at him, drawing his eyes back up. He watched as Cas started to slowly unbutton his shirt, never looking away from Dean, "If you expect me to get into your shower
He couldn't afford to let some stupid little crush get in the way of his business, not again, and so he had avoided the usual end of week drinks the night before.
It was different to be here in the light of day, and Dean had to double check he was in the right place. He took a deep breath and knocked, rather than just texting the guy. After a moment, Cas jerked the door open, his hair tousled perfectly, eyes wide, then crinkling at the corners as he smiled at Dean. It was contagious, and Dean couldn't help grinning back at him.
It was easy to keep the conversation flowing, as Dean had so much he wanted to ask Cas. Each new adventure sparked new questions, and luckily for Dean, their meal held off Cas's intense gaze for most of the conversation. He was actually having a good time, but didn't want to think too much into that being a good or bad thing.
Cas didn't expect to hear from Dean for the rest of the weekend. On Saturday he had woken up feeling content, went on a quick run before the clouds had a chance to roll in, and made plans to spend the say with Balthazar. Balthazar had insisted he continue his services as Cas's coach through his process, and so they did some shopping, some Seattle exploring, and some socializing.
"You two really do have some natural chemistry, or something. You were right when you said it was almost tangible. The man would be an idiot to not see it too!" He had said between bites of his sandwich. Cas listened with a small smile. He had never been particularly charming outside of the work setting, but with some coaching from Balthazar he had flawlessly executed a 'casual cool interaction,' as Balthazar called it. He was feeling confident, and eager to see how happy hour would go if Dean did show up.
As he let this rediscovered information settle in, he also tried to process what this meant for him.
He took another deep breath, rolling his head back against the brick to gaze up at the sky. Seattle had blessed them with a rare day of sun, and even more rare, a clear night sky. Dean wasn't the 'cosmic signs' type, but it seemed like the universe was shouting positivity in his direction since his lunch with Cas yesterday. This didn't have to be a heart break experience like the last one had been, it could just be fun, maybe a friends with benefits kind of thing. Arousal seeped into his thoughts about having a friend with benefits in the office with him, and he smiled to himself.
to be with someone and be happy again. They grew comfortable with each other, with their semi-secretive lifestyle, and they were happy together.
"Hello!" An enthusiastic voice calls from the left, and Cas lifts his eyes to see a tall, bright eyed blonde striding around the table to greet him. "You must be the new guy! Honestly I am so glad, I was rather bored of carrying that title myself." He reaches his hand towards Cas, "Balthazar."
He applied.
Dean glanced down, noticing the backpack and duffel at Sam's feet, and decided he didn't want a more productive day.
"Nerd" Dean smirked, shaking his head. The kid was passionate and thorough, and nobody did better research.
Reluctantly he dragged himself up and went about getting a slow start to the day. He freshened up, peeking back into the bedroom to see Cas still passed out, and headed to the kitchen. It wasn't often Dean got to cook for someone, and this was the perfect time to take advantage. He started up the coffee maker, pulling out the rest of the sample coffee Sam had sent him, then got to work gathering breakfast ingredients. Halfway through mixing up some cinnamon roll waffle batter, Dean heard the soft shuffle of footsteps.
made his heart skip, but he wouldn't let himself respond.
It wasn't really that he was being a dick, Cas had observed, but more like he was put off. Nervous even. Mr. Winchester rarely looked at Cas, fleeting glances in passing if that. His expression looked worried, his brows usually furrow, a frown tugging at his lips, fists clenched at his sides. Cas wasn't sure why his boss would be angry with him, he had done nothing wrong in his first week on the job. In fact, several other employees had given him praise. It's not like the job was difficult, but it seemed like Cas holding the position was something to be admired in itself. He had tried asking the others around the office about the behavior, and was usually met with a few smirks, knowing glances. Charlie had promised things would get better between them, he was just having a rough time after the whole info leak things.
Pulling himself together, Cas made a decision. It wasn't like this job would last forever, and what better time to get out than right now, when you've been sleeping with the boss and it turned out you meant nothing to him. As he threw some clothes into a bag, he pushed down the thoughts of watching sunsets and getting caught in the rain and let the ones of Dean gaping at him as if he didn't owe him any explanations take full reign. Double checking the lock on the door, he made his way to his car. He'd be back when he found his next gig to collect the rest of his things, but for now he just needed to get out.
"Well," Balthazar said, "I'll be seeing you later then," and he turned, still smirking, heading back to the elevators, leaving Dean all but sputtering next to his assistant. Cas was watching him with a smile, seeming to enjoy the way Dean's face was growing a shade of soft pink. He squirmed a little under the gaze, and wondered if this was what Cas had been feeling when he all but corned him yesterday afternoon.
Cas made it safely inside his studio before he let the tears start to fall. So he had just been a play thing on Dean Winchesters to do list. He meant no more to him than the last secretary he had fucked, and he had been stupid to think otherwise. Dean was the typical CEO, doing whatever he wanted with whoever he wanted, and Cas fell right into the trap. He was so stupid.
As the interview progressed, Charlie became more sure this was the perfect person for a very certain position. She casually questioned Cas on what he knew about the recent scandal. To her relief, his details were fuzzy in all the right places. She didn't tell him he would be filling the position the company traitor, Benny, had filled as Mr. Winchester's personal assistant. That was basically a step up from a run of the mill secretary position. Charlie's job had been difficult over the past few months after the news had come out, struggling to find someone as trustworthy, driven, and likeable as Benny had been. He had hurt them all when he sold off their company secrets for a bigger paycheck, but none so much as their CEO and his best friend, Dean Winchester. Getting to know Castiel over these last few weeks, and now in person, she was confident he could replace Benny, and maybe even restore Mr. Winchester's faith in himself as the head of the company.
Cas shot back, still a little tense from the obvious whatever that had happened at the restaurant.
But then Benny threatened Dean. Threatened to go to the media and give them
could be a lot of fun. But then he felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up, that feeling that he was being closely watched, and he spun around to meet a pair of all too familiar eyes. Dean froze, color draining from his face and eyes going wide as Benny glanced around the bar before sliding from his own table to approach Dean.
While he had been flustered at first, he laughed about it while he rinsed off. He had no doubt that come lunch time, it would be the highlight of everyone's day. Still chuckling to himself, he rolled his sleeves to his elbows, forfeiting his suit jacket in leu of a self proclaimed semi-casual Friday, and made his way over to his desk. By now the coffee was lukewarm, but much appreciated to reel his mind back into work mode. He chanced a glance toward the door, making out the figure of Castiel sitting at his desk.
"Well, I'm glad it did." Dean said, before he could stop himself. Cas looked up at him then, another wing halfway to his mouth, and there it was, his eyes locked with Dean's.
Holding him at arms length, Dean searched his face until he caught Cas's eyes. "Hey, whoa, slow down there cowboy." He flashes Cas a reassuring grin. "Can we talk for a sec?"
He cleared his throat, “I’ll take a… tall, dark, and handsome”, Dean replied, wiggling his eyebrows.
When he looked back up, Cas was gone. Fuck, what had he just done?
His steps faltered a little. So the guy was going around making friends already? Why couldn't he just be the quiet, keep to yourself type? They didn't need another friendly face to hurt them all down the road. He just needed someone that could do his work and go home.
There was no way he could deny that Dean Winchester was handsome, and in the afternoon sunlight with a smile on his lips and his green eyes set ablaze, Cas would argue the man was beautiful. Okay, he wouldn't argue it out loud. This was his
By the time 5pm rolled around, Cas was itching to get out of the office. He was probably over thinking, but it felt like he was getting more glances in his direction than usual. He wondered just how secret Dean's past relationship had been if this was the way people were reacting to them simply going out to lunch. The weather had turned into something slightly more pleasant, and Cas was hoping to clear his head with a run before more clouds rolled in.
After a few moments, Dean appeared around the corner, keeping his eyes down as his made his way to his office. As he approached, he lifted them to catch Cas's, and he looked like he might say something, before changing his mind and continuing through his door. Cas wasn't sure what to expect, as they were still at work and he knew Dean didn't want this to become obvious, but he had a feeling the man wouldn't be able to ignore it for long. The sizzling tension they had been struggling with last week was making it's way back into the air, and Cas couldn't help but feel giddy as it buzzed under his skin. He could wait, if that’s the game Dean wanted to play.
"Cassie! Let's walk together, shall we?" He waggled his eyebrows as he approached.
"Mr. Winchester," he smirked, "I would hate for you to be away from your desk any more often than necessary. If you need me to bring you in more coffee I would be glad to do it."
"Okay then. Well, uh, sorry about this morning. Well, not sorry, um, I mean sorry nobody told you. Sorry I didn't tell you. It's no big deal though, it's not the first time and-" Dean cut himself off, his cheeks turning the slightest shade of pink and he brought his eyes back to Cas, who was still standing there staring. He cleared his throat, "Yeah, okay, anyway, thanks for the coffee."
"Sam! This is unexpected. Hello, how are you?" he replied, smile widening.
The night was still a little blurry, but he remembers Balthazar beside him in a backseat, and standing staring at his apartment door for what seems like an abnormal amount of time. He felt in his gut that something semi-important had happened, but with the dull throbbing in his head, he wasn't going to dig right now. It would come back to him.
"I'm finding that you're pretty incredible yourself, Cas." Dean said, his voice soft, eyes never leaving the piercing blue staring back at him. Dean would have liked to have kissed him then, but he was all too aware of just how many people were around. He didn't mind being in public like this, but this was a little too public for his comfort zone. He settled for gently stroking his thumb across Cas's knuckles.
As it turns out, the levee was already starting to crack. Dean holds it together long enough to make sure Sam and Eileen have gotten into the diner before he heaves out a shaking sob. He raises a hand up over his eyes, pressing his fingers against his eyelids in hopes of slowing the stream of tears but it’s no use. He wonders how he is supposed to live the rest of his life like this, how he is just supposed to move on and accept Cas’s sacrifice when he deserved to be here celebrating with them.
Neither of them spoke, and somehow Cas's gaze softened, but intensified. Dean was mesmerized. His eyes were the deepest blue, flickering different shades in light and shadow. Dean absentmindedly licked his lips, and felt his heart stutter when blue eyes flicked down to watch the small action.
"Cas?" was all he said, and the sound of his voice stirred something warm in Cas's chest.
As he had suspected, Cas hit it off with Sam almost immediately. While the nerds talked, Charlie pulled Dean away to his desk.
"What?" he glared, wiping foam from his lip.
Dean is happy for him of course.  He’s happy for everyone that returned safely, happy that humanity gets to live another day feeling the warmth of the sun on their faces.
Cas's breath caught in his throat. His whole life, traveling as much as he did, he had never made many close friends. He had people that he occassionally heard from, but no one quite like Charlie Bradbury. He had only been here a couple months and this woman was trying to convince him to stick around, to do him a huge favor. He had tried to up and leave them all, and she wasn't angry at all. He smiled to himself.
After the initial shock of the whole thing, Cas's mind began racing. Why was Benny texting Dean? Did this happen often? Hadn't Benny left town?
He shook his head, expelling negative thoughts and setting his mind straight. He was here to have fun and see where that got him. With a deep breath, he undid the buttons at the top of his light blue button down (Balthazar said it made his eyes shine like ice in the sun), and ran his fingers through his hair, taking a seat in Dean's desk chair. Eyes glued to the bathroom door, he waited for the shower to turn off.
"Well, that's the biggest mystery of all." Balthazar continued, eyes gleaming with suspense, "I can't be sure as I was hired shortly after this whole mess, but from what I have heard, Dean had given the media a twisted story." The car pulled over now, but Cas was still confused.
Dean didn't mean to stare after him as he walked away, and when he turned back to the table all eyes were on him. He opened his mouth to speak when Balthazar cut him off. "Oh, spare us. Go after him." Dean gaped, but a reassuring smile from Charlie reminded him to fuck what everyone else thought and do what he wanted.
His cheeks flushed a little and he cast his eyes down, but Cas was quick, catching his chin and lifting it back to let their eyes meet. He smiled, "Well, thank you. I enjoy spending time with you too." He chanced a glance at Dean's lips, which were quirked up in a smile, then glanced around. He could tell Dean was apprehensive about their PDA in crowded places, but here they were almost alone…
When the seconds ticked by without any response, however, he looked up. Charlies glare had turned into narrow eyed scrutiny as she processed what he said began putting the pieces together.
For a split second, Cas saw Dean pout a little, and chuckled. "That walk took far less time than I had hoped," he sighed, following Dean's gaze to his front door. When he turned back, Dean was staring at him, lips parted ever so slightly, as if contemplating his next move. Cas let his eyes slide down to Dean's mouth, nibbling on his own bottom lip for a moment before he let himself give in.
The three sat down in the tasting corner, settling into comfy armchairs surrounding a small coffee table. Charlie had set up a French press with the new blend, accompanied by a plate of chocolate chip muffins and some mugs. Usually Sam was here to guide them through this process, but today they were going to Facetime with him instead. Dean's stomach lurched as he considered that this would be the first time Sam 'met' Cas, and as it currently was with Charlie, bringing Cas here would raise some questions.
His own stupid joke lifted his spirits a little as he tried to focus on getting through the next few hours. Usually Mr. Winchester made an appearance around lunch time, but as the hours ticked by, nothing changed. Cas had taken to bringing along his own lunch until he familiarized himself with the area so as to not get lost on his lunch break. Or get caught eating alone.
"Thank you for breakfast, Dean. And for yesterday. And uh, last night." Cas said, cheeks flushing a soft pink.
"I'm sure you could use the time to cool off," he teased, eyes flicking to Dean and back as he followed the rest of the group out the door. "I'll be looking forward to your text!" He yelled back to Cas, and stepped outside.
Dean Winchester sat at his desk, staring out the window into the usual Seattle cloud cover, mindlessly rolling a balled up piece of paper in his fingers. The idea that he was being a little dramatic, even after months had passed, briefly crossed his mind. He was unmotivated, always aware of the empty desk that sat within eye shot of his own, and the looks the scattering of other office employees gave him each morning when he walked in. He scoffed,
Cas's heart beat a little faster as they walked and Dean didn't pull his hand away. He was talking about something, the pacific north west lacking in ocean views, but Cas was watching the way he moved his free hand when he spoke, the way his eyebrows shifted restlessly into various facial expressions, the way his hair blew in the slight breeze. The way he claimed he knew what Cas might like to do in his spare time, and how he wanted to be a part of it.
. Not to mention the afterwards, it had snapped then exploded in a rain of sparks that were still buzzing around under his skin.
Charlie made a small attempt to tidy up as she sat, plucking Cas’s resume from the apparently controlled chaos. Cas noted, should he get this job, he would volunteer to file all her paperwork for her.
They came up on the Space Needle in the early afternoon, both men standing below it and craning their necks to see the top.
The bar staff cheered a greeting at the group walked in, finding their way to a series of booths toward the back of the building. Balthazar was quick to slide in across from Cas, followed by Aaron, a part of the tasting team. Charlie was off mingling with the others, and so Balthazar wasted no time.
"Dean, I-"
Dean glanced to Cas, smiling as he watched wide blue eyes take everything in. When they met Dean's eyes the softened a little, nerves easing for the both of them. Dean was minorly aware of Charlie beaming at them in his peripherals. His phone rang.
Come morning, Dean would kick himself for thinking something so ridiculous as he woke up alone in his hotel room.
rather than sleep together. The sound of rain outside the open windows, the soft light spilling in from the streetlights, the soft rustle of sheets and blankets, it seemed more intimate to Cas than falling into the bed in a tangle of naked limbs.
“It is so nice to finally meet you! I’m Charlie.” She took a step into the waiting area and extended her hand, glad to put a face to the name she had been speaking with for the last few weeks.
Usually the man wore a suit jacket and pants over a light colored button down, the usual outfit of a big deal CEO. In the last five days, Cas had not seem him in anything else, actually. Now, however, the usual jacket was missing, his crisp white shirt rolled up to his elbows, the top couple buttons undone. Briefly, Cas wondered if the earlier mishap had flustered the man into not getting fully dressed.
"Oh, shit - uh - shoot" Cas stammered, half turning to walk back out the door and half reaching to put everything down on the desk.
Charlie steps up beside him, "Balthazar is our newest addition to the PR team, and a fun source of entertainment for the whole office." This earns some chuckles from the rest of the room, as Balthazar rolls his eyes.
Cas shot him back after a minute, tossing his phone into the pillows next to him.
He sighed, not sure what the next move to make was. He wanted to get to know the guy more, but he also wanted to keep his distance
He picked up his phone with every intention of sending Cas a quick text and immediately calling Charlie, when he noticed a message from Benny. Sighing, he opened the message, revealing the thread of previously unanswered messaged from the last time Benny had been in Seattle a few months ago. He rolled his eyes, thumbing back through messages to find Cas's thread when he started to process the thoughts lingering at the back of his mind.
"Okay, so the guy made a big deal about this whole information leak. Company secrets, the stuff that sets us apart from the rest. It was a shitty blow, but it wasn't like the stuff was kept under lock and key. It'd basically common knowledge around the office! But, it's also common knowledge that stuff doesn't get discussed outside of the office." Aaron shrugs, looking around again before continuing. "I think it's safe to say that, even so, we've all talked about it to other people. But who cares? What's weird is that the guy apparently confessed, yet nobody has heard his name outside our little building."
"Awesome, and hey, thanks for the coffee this morning. It made this rainy Monday a little more bearable." Dean shot back, hoping his fluctuation between stern CEO and pleasant boss wasn't screwing with the new guy's head.
That's a wrap! Thank you to everyone who kept up with me through the monster fic that this turned into. I hope you've enjoyed it!
Neither of them had ever expected to be where they were in life. Dean had known he would probably inherit the company somewhere down the line, but turning it into what it was today was never something he expected. With his father, John, as CEO, the chain shops had been common enough in bigger cities. With Sam and Dean holding the reins now, they had managed to modernize the company, growing it into one of the most sought after business models in the world. Of course, they would never have been able to do it if their dad hadn't taught them everything before he passed. Dean hoped he would be proud of what they had made, and how much they loved it.
"Dean Winchester, stop it. You know full well that when you really want something, you find a way to make it work. And I
Cas looks at Balthazar for more, but the man is paying very close attention to the way his straw moves through his cocktail. Turning back to Aaron, Cas says "What do you mean guy? I thought it was just some young interns or something?"
A quick scan of the room spots Charlie's fiery hair at the far end of the floor next to his office. Beside her, a tall dark haired man in a purple button down under a white cardigan. As he strides toward his office, he nods curtly to each greeting, keeping his eyes trained on the pair at the end of the center isle. Dean watches the man jump into action, nearly tripping over his desk as he tries to get behind it. Charlie had said Castiel was professional and confident, but this guy seemed to be a nervous wreck.
Dean groaned, throwing his head back dramatically, not even bothering to open the folder.
"I'm yours, Dean Winchester. I'm not going anywhere."
They had plans for dinner, but Dean had arranged to pick Cas up a little earlier to do some sight seeing before they ate. Dressed in a lightweight flannel over a black t-shirt and dark jeans, his nerves were making him warm on a cool evening as he approached Cas's block. A smile tugged at his lips as he thought about kissing Cas again, his gut telling him this was more than he had thought he could get himself into again.
Nope. This wasn't happening. He hurried to the bathroom, splashing some cold water on his face, jolting him back to the real world where thinking these thoughts about his employees was something he, just a week ago, had vowed never to do again.
The diner door jingles behind him and he turns as Sam passes him a to-go container of pie. Sam is beaming, checking his phone every couple seconds to see how close Eileen is.
Dean insisted), they discussed their plans for the day and coming week. The air had a slight chill, drizzle still coming down as the aftermath of the night's storm. Dean was in no rush to let Cas leave, but understood the man probably wanted his own clothes and some time to himself.
"Dean," he said, glancing over to enjoy the way Dean reacted to him saying his name, "I know the comments I made earlier were not exactly appropriate to say to my boss, and I apologize… I just couldn't help myself."
"Did I do something? Was that too much the other day? I can't stop thinking about you and I don't know why" Dean's words came tumbling out, and Cas felt himself falter.
Thinking it over to himself back at his studio later in the week, Cas guessed that the man's behavior made some sense. He was the CEO of one if the greatest businesses of modern day. He must have to keep a professional atmosphere about himself to maintain his image.
Dean had picked a local place, Phoenix Wings, for their lunch spot. Their hot sauces were to die for, and sometimes getting a little dirty over a bucket of wings was the perfect way to relieve some tension. At least, while he was still at work.
"Alright man, sounds good. Thank you."
He could feel Cas smirking as Dean whimpered, and he could feel Cas's hand slip from his hip to find his dick, stroking him as he sucked and licked, Dean not able to hold back from moaning and writhing in Cas's grip.
He sighed, hanging his head as he pushed through his office door and flopped into an arm chair.
Charlie hesitated before continuing, "Are you… leaving, leaving?"
Shaking the negative thoughts from his head he shut the door and followed her to plop down in the armchairs beside his desk. The Tasting Corner, they called it, the place where they sat to try new products before anyone else even knew they existed. Dean had only allowed a select few trusted employees to enjoy this spot with him, in front of a large window looking out over the city.
Cas smirked, pulling away to take off his own jeans, never breaking eye contact as he stroked his own dick in front of Dean.
"Hello, Dean," he responded, his voice the usual rumble with the twinge of a smile on his lips. The two stood in the doorway smiling at each other before Dean cleared his throat, cheeks flushing.
It wasn't just a good time for Dean like Cas had previously thought but… maybe Dean had actually liked the guy, loved him even. Cas felt his whole body go cold as he rearranged the pieces with that new information. Dean had thought they were together, Dean had told him secrets, and then he left and sold all Dean's secrets and now… Dean had felt used. Much like Cas had been feeling the last couple days. Dean had just been a pawn, or probably closer to a queen, in Benny's game. Getting with Dean, convincing him to spill company information, that had been the check mate.
Saturday came, and Dean had suggested they go out for brunch before another day of exploring. It was overcast, but warm, and the pair made their way to a spot downtown called Hell's Kitchen Table, notorious for adding a bit of spice to just about any of their plates. Dean ordered a giant breakfast platter- bacon well done, eggs over easy, extra hash browns- while Cas got a roasted red pepper omelet. Dean was most definitely not a morning person on days when he didn't have to be, but managed to liven up once he had food and coffee in him. Cas let him adjust, finding his sleepy expression endearing even if it was nearing noon.
Letting his head roll back in pleasure, he gasped and moaned through the rhythmic pumping of Dean's hand, the gentle licking of his tongue. He wasn't going to push Dean to do more than he wanted, but he needed more. Slowly, Cas began pushing his hips, fucking himself up into Dean's hand. He felt Dean's breath in a short puff against his dick as he pulled his mouth away to watch. Cas glanced down then, eyes going wide as he watched Dean stroking himself with one hand while Cas slowly fucked himself into the other.
He cursed under his breath as he swiped to open one from Dean. It had been days since they'd spoken, and now hours (why was Dean texting him at 4 am?) since Dean had finally reached out and Cas had basically ignored him. Past noon now, Cas decided maybe it was time to make the call he'd promised Charlie.
Dean slowly gathered himself, downing the rest of his whiskey while deciding his next move. Cas had left the ball in his court, so he could leave, or keep playing. He definitely wanted to keep playing. He grabbed another drink, switching to beer, and wandered back to the table. Cas was leaning against the booth next to Charlie, leaving space for Dean to do the same opposite them, next to Gabe.
"Hey," he whispered, and Dean peered at him through a half open eye, "I'm happy here, Dean, with you. I hope you know that." He continued dragging his nails up and down Dean's arm, making it difficult for him to focus on his words. With a light hearted groan, Dean dragged himself up to lean on his arm, eyes narrowing at Cas.
Dean swallowed thickly, eyes flitting between the shadowy figure sitting outside his office holding a phone to his ear and the blinking call waiting button on his desk. He watched the figure turn slightly as if to glance into the office, and Dean shook his head, clearing his throat and the dazed feeling from his mind.
They parted after a soft, shy kiss in front of Cas's door, a whispered
Dean felt the cold seeping of paranoia in his gut as his mind suddenly began spewing all the things Cas would think about him for what he did to his own company, for being so stupidly blind, for getting into something with Cas when it was so similar, did he do this all the time?
Cas changed into his boxer briefs in the bathroom before going to Dean's bedroom. It was odd, coming into a bedroom for the first time to actually
Cas grinned at them both. "Good morning gentlemen." He said, almost playfully. "Enjoying this sunny day so far?"
Cas was now one hundred percent positive this
His booth-mates both choke at that, hesitating before bursting out laughing, and Cas smirks.
Cas looked up as a sudden hush came over the café, followed by low murmurs and a few girlish giggles. He smirked, closing his book and raising an eyebrow at the handsome man standing near the register.
At this, Dean squinted across to Sam. His little brother had never been the type to make false promises and tell him what he wanted to hear, so if this is what Sammy really thought, well then maybe he just needed to grow a pair and deal with it.
-" his orgasm hit him like a punch to the gut, his mouth wide but silent as Cas drank him in. Cas sucked slowly, helping him come down before pulling his mouth off and standing to hold Dean up.
Cas's breath hitched in his throat as Dean rolled him onto his back, crawling over him and starting the slow descent down his body with his lips. He felt Dean's hand skim over his crotch, fingertips trailing teasingly over the fabric separating them. In the same moment, Dean's teeth grazed across a nipple and Cas couldn't help but buck underneath him.
the night before had done him dirty. Cas wasn't all that upset about it; the clouds had finally broken into a persistent drizzle, all but forcing him to curl up on the couch with a cup of coffee and a book. After he'd had plenty of water and some Advil, of course.
"Okay" he heard Charlie exhale, and he stood ready to greet his new boss. Nervous as he was, Cas forced a small smile, but Mr. Winchester was not slowing down. He opened his mouth to speak and-
"Why are you still talking to Benny?" He blurted out, his expression changing suddenly to one of panic as if that wasn't what he had intended on saying.
The next morning he woke to the vicious vibration of his phone under his pillow. Charlie was calling.
"Winchester Roasters, desk of Mr. Winchester, how can I help you this afternoon?" He said.
- 5:52 pm
"If it means you staying local I can call their manager and pretty much give you the job right now. I know it's none of my business, but dammit Castiel, even if he's an idiot sometimes, he needs you. He's been a mess, please just call him. I won't say anything about the job, that we spoke at all." she paused, "Unless that isn't what you want."
"Welp," Charlie said, "This was fun! See you guys later." She gathered up the French press and scurried out of the office, leaving Dean suddenly too warm and all alone with Cas. As the door clicked shut, Cas reached his hand out to touch Dean's arm.
Just Cas, and Charlie, and their devastatingly handsome boss that Cas was definitely not developing a tiny crush on. Man, once the guy dropped the dick attitude, he was just a normal, likeable guy.
"Dean, this isn’t about them. I don’t care what happened, I just want to know why he's still talking to you." Cas said slowly, pausing before he continued, his eyes back down on the table, "I just want to know if this is what I thought it was."
"Thanks, Cas. I'll be sure to let you know when I need a refill." He finally responded.
Charlie's hand was on his shoulder. "Hey," she said, catching his eye, "He's different, I can see it too. The way you look at him like you're trying to memorize every detail of him… you like him, dude. Like real people, crush to dating to whatever else happens, you like him."
Playful tone gone, Sam sighed, "Dean relationships aren't meant to be compared. Benny and Cas, they came at different parts of your life and you have been a different person with each of them. Benny was a dick, we all know it, and I wish that you hadn't been hurt by that, but you have to look at what it did to make you better. And, you are better."
put into his head."
"Well," Dean exhaled, "Just you and me, then. Hope you like wings!"
This week had progressed rather uneventfully. Cas kept his newfound knowledge to himself for fear of attracting any unwanted attention, and because he wanted Dean to trust him. From what he had gathered about the way things went down, more people had been hurt by the betrayal than the information getting out. This person had been a friend to everyone, but had really been lying the whole time. Cas wasn't like that, he had no reason to be, and so he set out to be friendly, but not intrusive. So far he liked it here, he didn't want to screw anything up.
"Glad to meet you, uh, sort of, Cas! I've heard lots about you!" Sam said with a wink, causing both Cas and Dean to blush, Charlie letting a small giggle slip out before her hand shot to her mouth. "Alright, alright. Let's get this started."
Dean paused. The only reason he hadn't made an appearance last week was to avoid all the inevitable questions about his new assistant, but now that they had cleared the air, he thought it might be fun. Maybe Cas would even go.
"You like him." She stated plainly, sucking the salt off her fingers before going in for more.
He hangs his head, inhaling in shuddering gasps before letting a single plea fall from his lips.
of you, and I'm happy you wanted to stay." Dean whispered into the space between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eyeing the stack of paperwork Castiel had hurriedly thrown on his desk, he saw the topmost one was packet from Sam containing the regional information about their newest coffee farming location. His brother had inherited equal parts of this company from their father, but Sam had always been the more out in the field doing research type, and so he spent most of his time traveling. He had close relationships with their network of coffee farmers, and liked to scope out new locations and beans and techniques. While Dean was the face on Winchester Roasters business end, the company would not have grown to what it was without Sam.
Dean turned back to Cas, who was rubbing the back of his neck and looking down, trying to hide his reddening cheeks. Left alone, neither of them was sure what to say. Dean knew he wanted to continue this, but he wasn't sure if that would be too much. He would let Cas choose.
He didn't know what he wanted. Well, okay, no, he
"Oh.. Okay." Dean's voice sounded small. "I get the vibe you don't want me to walk you…" he trailed off, fingers twisting together anxiously.
Dean was getting used to flirting with his boyfriend over the counter rather than dragging him into his office whenever he felt like it.
"I think I'd actually like to walk. It's not so far," he replied, and Balthazar grinned.
Dean seemed to relax at that, letting his eyes meet Cas's again. Cas refused to acknowledge the tiny rumble of butterflies in his stomach. "Awesome," Dean grinned, "If you had nothing planned for your lunch today, there's some good spots not far. I could ask Charlie to join, she thinks you're awesome too. Okay, yeah, I'll just uh pop out there a little later then."
“Let’s go home.”
again, like soon. Cas smiled softly as he accepted the towel, then eyed Dean from under his dark lashes.
"Hey, bitch. How's Guatemala?"
"Well, hope you like waffles, I'm making a specialty." Buzzing from his first serving of coffee and digging eagerly into his second, Dean hopped off the stool and back to his mixing bowl. After a few minutes, Cas was awake enough for conversation. Dean noted that his cheeks were still rosy and his hair still a mess, and he looked awfully cute when he was just waking up.
Cas could hear Dean humming to himself, and couldn't help but smile. Moments later, the door swung open in a puff of steam, revealing a freshly showered Dean wrapped in a towel, skin still pink and glistening from the hot water. Cas's breath caught in his throat, mind going blank for a second.
When he came back, sliding a mug of lighter coffee in front of Cas, the other man still wouldn't look up at him. Dean hesitated, unsure where to began, when Cas suddenly cut him off.
And so, that is where Dean had found himself this particular weekend, knowing full well he could be having a good time, but locking himself in his apartment with some beer and a couple movies instead. Occasionally he pulled out his phone, stared at the text from Tuesday, and toyed with the idea of answering before tossing it to the other side of the couch. Scrubbing a hand over his face, he let his head fall back onto the couch and forced his mind to go over this past work week. There was all the new research Sam had sent him that he needed to go over, the end of quarter sales reports as well as starting planning for this year’s holiday launch. That was months away as it was only the end of June, but planning always started early to allow for as many ideas as possible. Then there was the whole matter of his recent attitude change and how it was effecting the office atmosphere.
Cas felt his face burning up, his mouth go dry, his heart hammering against his ribs. Anything he had thought to say in the last 30 seconds vanished from his mind and he stared at this man who might be saying what he didn't even know he wanted to hear.
"So what do I do?" Dean asked, downing the rest of his beer and flagging the waiter for another.
She swatted Dean's arm as she walked them toward the lobby, "Well have fun, I'll be sure to be at the next one. Or better yet, you should come out to happy hour this week, Mr. Winchester." She let his name roll off her tongue as she winked at them both, then hurried back toward her office.
He exhaled as they rounded the corner to his apartment, both relieved to be home and disappointed that this was about to end for the evening.
Dean did offer to walk him home again, though. He was sure he could resist the urge to follow the man inside, spend the night with him. Both of them relaxed after a few drinks, they chatted effortlessly the whole way. It felt good, right almost. Slowing things down suited Dean, he liked the idea of really getting to know someone. Cas.
Eyes fluttering open, green met blue and they smiled. Dean caught Cas's lips in a quick kiss before untangling himself to find a means of clean up. A few moments of soft chuckles and shy kisses later, and Cas found himself wrapped around snoring Dean's back, slipping into sleep with a smile on his face.
Dean turned away in search of a towel to clean up with, while simultaneously trying to hide his own reddening cheeks. This guy was damn hot, and Dean wanted to do
, dude. More for us then!" Cas couldn't help but smile at the playful attitude of their relationship.
Cas processed this, eyes narrowing as he wrapped his head around the new information. Out the car window, he recognized they were nearing his place. "So… why did the news lie?" He only slurred a little.
It’s just in saying it, he realizes, giving the Angel one last squeeze before taking his hand and turning toward the Impala.
Dean, trying to play coy, smirked back at him, but faltered when he realized he hadn't thought of what to say when this confrontation eventually occurred. He held Cas's gaze over the rim of his cup, sipping slowly to buy himself some time.
. He felt guilty, betrayed, hurt and angry. They were best friends, this was his life's work, and for someone so close to him to do this, to use him-
"Honestly Cas, I don't know why either. But you have to talk to him. You guys are too much of a good thing to let some crappy guy like Benny screw it up."
Balthazar rolls his eyes, "Oh call him Dean. Not to his face of course, unless he says you can. Nobody calls him Mr. Winchester." He pauses to sip his drink, "But the big mean boss thing has been recent. We think it has to do with the whole 'scandal' thing" he finishes, waving his hand dramatically when he says 'scandal.'
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s face is turned up toward the sun, his eyes closed, feeling the warmth against his skin. He’s trying to focus on just that, not what comes next or what they’ve just accomplished, not what is so obviously missing from this victory.
Dean's brow furrowed, "Do you want to go lay down? Or some water? What can I do?"
Dean jumped, turning toward the voice, his eyes catching the sunlight, a twinkling candy apple green. "Oh, uh, hey man. I didn't realize you were still here." He reached up to rub the back of his neck. "Not taking a lunch today?"
Cas couldn't help but stare. Dean looked fantastic in just about anything, a suit at work or casual clothes when they'd gone out, but Cas mused that this look had to be his favorite. He was leaning back against the far counter in the kitchen, arms crossed over his bare chest, gray sweats hanging low over his hips. His hair was a little unruly from a quick towel dry, cheeks still a little pink from the heat of the shower. Cas found himself thinking Dean bumming around in the kitchen was something he could get used to. Dean doing anything was something Cas wanted more of.
He thought it had to be working too. Even though Dean wasn't particularly chatty with him, he greeted Cas with a warm smile when they saw each other, and always thanked him for all he did. Although, Cas didn't think anything he was doing was all that difficult. He was just doing what, he hoped, was in his job description.
Cas went to bed with his head in a place it definitely shouldn't have been, both eager and nervous about making it through the next day.
"Hey, you good?," he said, flopping down next to Cas and placing a hand on his shoulder.
Cas had to feel it too. There was no way any of that, at the restaurant or in his office, had been an accident. The way he
"Of course, it was no problem. Glad it went smoother this time." Dean could hear the smile in Cas's voice as his spoke. Maybe a friendly relationship wasn't a terrible idea.
"Hey guys!" Came Sam's voice a moment before his face appeared on the screen.
"You.." Dean breathed, earning a chuckle from Cas.
“Dean?” Cas says, a question, unsure if this is real or another trick The Empty is using to torture him.
When Cas looked up, this time Dean's eyes wouldn't meet his. The man's cheeks were blossoming a deep pink as Cas worked out what was happening.
At lunch, Cas managed to swipe the bill before Dean could pull out the company card, a smug smile tugging at his lips when Dean narrowed his eyes at him. Did that count as a second date?
