Tony poured her another shot and drank his from the bottle. “I’ve got an updated list of Stark employees you can use. And Friday made a folder called Operation Date on the common server to simplify your mission,” he offered.
“And who else?”
Marie had a lisp so when she said “steed” repeatedly while perched on Steve’s shoulders, he struggled not to laugh and shake her even harder. Tony started singing ‘Santa Baby’ before it dawned on him that it was not exactly appropriate or a carol, and moved on to ‘Deck the Halls.’
In the slightly tense (and also curious) atmosphere in the room, his question seemed to make everyone burst into laughter. The god’s confused expression almost made Steve take pity on him, but Pepper was quicker.
Tony’s laugh made his toes tingle. “Yeah, no shit. Come on, my turn to feed you.” He grabbed Steve’s hand and lifted it to kiss his knuckles. “Run away with me,” he repeated Steve’s words from earlier.
“Friday, where’s Tony?” he asked on the empty hallway. He wasn’t sure when exactly “Stark” had become “Tony”, but there was no universe in which he could go back.
Steve joined him. “Trust me, you’d know if I were drunk.”
Tony smiled again. He picked one himself. “I calculated all ingredients using formulas and then tasted to check as well,” he explained.
“Pietro, stop being a –”
When she spoke, her voice was clear, lacking any tiny tremble that betrayed her age. Steve was moderately spooked, if he was completely honest. She had said something in Russian; one of the security guys snorted before composing himself and Natasha smiled benevolently.
“You said a piece of paper that said ‘present’, so here you go.” Tony grinned, his eyes smiling from behind the frames.
Tony laughed. “I’ll keep that in mind!”
“You’re so precious,” Tony whispered. “You’re so precious and so hot and holy shit, I wanna stare at your for hours and do nothing else with my day,” he blurted.
His birthday was coming up, as Bucky felt the need to remind him one morning over breakfast. They spent the next three hours sparring quietly; it helped, but once that was over and Bucky had finished his post-session advice, Steve wanted to go nap.
“I stood and listened to you go on and on about this and that and maybe I’d have walked away and processed everything and then come up with a plan. But then you mentioned the fucking star, and I swear to god Banner, you’re the worst!” Darcy told him in one breath. She looked at Steve and grabbed the bottle out of his hands with a quiet “thanks,” then poured a glass and downed it.
“Why are they not taking them out on
“Dare,” she answered defiantly.
Clint:
Steve couldn’t say no to people, Bucky always called him out on it. It was a weakness Steve was aware of, and it was easy to exploit if one knew what to look for. But his pilot looked trustworthy, and Steve was already there so what would ten more minutes be. So he nodded and got out.
“I would actually pay money to see you with John Lennon hair!”
Part of the reason Steve had been so pliant regarding the opulent move of owning such a monster of a popcorn machine was the way he could now have caramel popcorn all the time. He used to have it sometimes when he was young and the sugar rush was almost unbearable for his fragile body. Bucky always laughed at the way his jaws got glued together as the sugar melted in his mouth.
“Cars aren’t naked and hot as fuck,” he shrugged, moving in to kiss him.
He was unaware of the tight fist he had formed on the table or the fact it was trembling. It wasn’t until something tapped at it repeatedly that he snapped back to look at what was happening. Natasha was scrolling furiously on her phone, her face betraying nothing.
“Do you want me to beg?” he asked, annoyance lacing his words.
“Oh, thank god!” the man exclaimed. “Steve? Are you okay? What am I saying, of course you’re not okay, otherwise why would you be standing frozen in the middle of my lab? Idiot, Tony! Are you with me?”
Tony smiled at him. “Don’t worry about it. Look, I’m sorry Cap. I didn’t mean it like that, I’m so proud of—“
Thor and Jane were holding hands on the table, both of them trying to accommodate as much as possible down their throats. Jane seemed to be doing better, but it could have been the fact that she wasn’t smiling like an idiot. Thor… not so much. Darcy kept her eyes trained on Bruce. The scientist still had his small smile on, Steve was glad to see. Even if it looked vaguely pained, like he didn’t know what to do with his hands, or how to lean on the sofa better. Darcy pulled back, smirked at him, actually had the audacity to wink, and wiped at the corner of her mouth before taking most of the thing down her throat. For the first time since their competition started, Steve felt some inkling of arousal.
, now I’m actually making sure you’ll never want to look at me again – why couldn’t I shut up and push it down and wait it out and –”
“You’re just really really great, that’s all,” he replied.
Steve smiled. “I trust you,” he said simply, leaning back further into the sofa.
Steve laughed. “Sneaky.”
“Stop,” Steve told him gently. He bent to kiss him. “You didn’t push me to do anything. I’m trying to figure out where I can get tissues and maybe some water
Nat’s the first one to speak. “We’re waiting to see who to follow.”
For some bizarre reason – probably to abate his boredom, really – Tony decided to create yet another group chat. It said a lot about how passive the Avengers were on threatless mornings if they all started texting at the same time. Steve had dealt with group chats before, and he was proficient in turning off notifications and ignoring the inane shit they all sent when nothing else was happening. But his hands were gloved, and even if the cold was not that much of a problem to him, it was still a hassle.
“Oh. Wait, do you mean like…?”
“Okay, okay. Nat, your name comes first. Truth or dare?” he asked.
“Is that a reference?”
Steve was on auto-pilot. He dreaded checking his phone. Nat told him Darcy and Clint were working on a tumblr dedicated to his speech. Steve groaned and smiled when he shook someone’s hand. The faces stopped having individual features right after it hit him he may have had a psychotic break on national and international television. He was trending on Twitter. This was a disaster. Steve wanted, genuinely wanted to go back to the ice.
Steve laughed. “The only time I won was when they got to that. After being mocked for an entire night, I pulled Jackie to the side and asked her to tell me everything she knew.”
Vision let all the kids touch him, and giggled when tiny fingers poked at the Mind Stone. “I don’t think it likes the tickling,” he said trying to stifle his laughter. The kids were fascinated by Bucky’s arm, even though he wore a long sleeved top to try and hide it. They lifted the sleeve and started counting the segments, asking what it could do and if they could draw on it. When Bucky informed them crayons wouldn’t show, he offered the alternative of paper and his company. They readily agreed.
“Shh, I’m here, it’s okay,” Steve cooed.
“Uhm, or?” Steve replied uncertain of what was happening.
Obeying suggestions barked as orders was ingrained in Steve’s reflexes. It came not only from the military training he received, but from trusting his team. So he ducked and got up shield first to shove a bot off him. “Ah, I see. So you’re not flirting, good to know,” he said trying to be as neutral as possible and not give in to the sinking feeling in his stomach. “Thanks,” he said and took off to where Wanda was making two bots bash into each other three feet off the ground.
Steve couldn’t hear it without breaking down, so he was rude and interrupted him. “Where’s he from?”
“I love you,” Steve repeated. “Thank you.” There was more he wanted to say, but he couldn’t focus. Not in the fog of peace that had settled over him.
“But I do!”
“Adblock,” Steve offered.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Go on then, ten push-ups -”
Bruce coughed once to draw attention to him and immediately regretted based on his lost look. Darcy touched his hand and smiled. “My aunt gets drunk every year and slaps the turkey,” she offered with a shrug.
?” he whined.
Tony’s lips were on his immediately. He cradled Steve’s head, opening his mouth with his own. His tongue worked Steve’s relentlessly. “You ready?”
Steve could do nothing but follow the instructions. The rush he got from obeying Tony’s kind orders was unique, a thrill at potential praise and at the strength of their trust. He wished the hand on his cock was Tony’s, almost said so, but then the man used both hands to cup under his heavy balls, and he had to clench his fists to keep away from Tony’s hair.
“There was a horse in here?” Tony asked, his tone even more perplexed.
Steve smirked as he rummaged through the drawer for tissues. “Yeah, famous cock and all,” he said matter-of-factly, waving in the general direction of Tony’s crotch. The resounding laugh he got was heartwarming. “My side of the bed, huh?”
Steve was gone. This was it, he was gone. Good bye forever. Tony’s eyes crinkled and it physically hurt Steve because he just wanted to hold the man. He wanted to hold the man and sit on the floor and look at the stupid revolving tree -
He felt small, in a way he only felt before the serum and whenever he did something wrong. He felt cold, a fraction of what freezing all those years before was like. He felt like he wanted to be protected. He tried focusing on something else, anything else. There would be the right time and place for over analysing this entire interaction. For the moment, Steve was forcing himself to not do any of that. Perhaps he could steal the jet and run away. He’d get maybe an hour alone before they’d descend on him like vultures and drag him back into their shared home. As he distinctly avoided locking eyes with Tony, he noticed something in the far back, on a shelf.
“I’m gonna make you come so hard, darling,” he whispered.
“Dr Foster definitely would,” Darcy told him. “College was a weird time. Don’t ever look up her arrest record.”
“Why are you so god damned corny?” Sam sighs, making Steve chuckle.
. “I also thought I was gonna have to lock you two away until you finally hooked up,” she adds, laughing as she shoots at the bots.
Steve’s cheeks were starting to hurt from smiling so much. He typed as quickly as he could.
“I’m serious, Tony.”
“You just quoted ‘Airplane!’,” he offered.
“Cause we’re not blind? I could see with my hands, you know?” Natasha wiggled her eyebrows at him.
Tony’s text made Steve laugh and his ears burn.
“Nope,” Steve repeated. “You’re all the way there and you’re not touching me. You have no power here.”
Tony added another finger then, and the stretch was glorious. He hadn’t even noticed he was flinching until Tony slowed down and eventually pulled out. He lowered his head and licked Steve’s rim before tapping his thigh. “Turn around, darling, come on.”
Sleepy-horny Tony was adorable, Steve decided. He moved to lie down on his front in between the man’s legs, pushing them apart determinedly. He kissed his inner thighs in turns, careful not to actually touch the angry hardness in front of him. He licked and bit up to the tendon on each side, then started once more at the knees. Tony was openly thrashing on the bed, thrusting his hips towards Steve’s face.
“Be careful,” Steve tells him quietly. Even unsaid, Tony can hear the endearment that follows.
Steve snorted. “Goatzilla… genius. I need to shower and pack my shit. You,” he pointed to Natasha, “stop antagonising him, he’s been through some sort of trauma –”
“Please,” Steve moaned. He got up, shifted them around until he had Tony sitting on the floor. “Want you inside me.”.
His phone vibrating brought him back in the car. It had gone silent or perhaps unobserved for a while there, but now Steve felt tased every time it lit up with a new notification. There were hundreds of messages from his teammates. Emails, requests for interviews. Those would be dealt with by Pepper and her interns and Hill and her army of agents. It was unfair and Steve wished he could be small again. Small and easy to hide behind the magnitude of what the Avengers represented and perhaps then people would forget all about him. How beautiful it would be.
“They’re sufficiently entertained,” Tony said in a clipped voice. “Lights and drinks, they’re alright.”
Steve had to chuckle, because it was such a blatant lie, and the man was beautiful, the fine lines around his eyes making him look like he’d also had happy days. And his small wounds made him look a bit noble, like a warrior, wielding a pen and a sword, and Steve’s poetic thoughts almost always ended up breaking his heart, so he opened the bag, pulled the goat out on the chair and spent some time shading the drawing he’d already done of her from memory.
“Really,” Steve replied and handed him a large silver star. “Darcy and Clint insisted that we put the A on it,” he said and pointed to the cardboard letter that was glued to the glass ornament.
“Yeah, fifteen minutes. I got this. See you in a few.”
“That’s bullshit,” he whispered, wary of the kids hearing him.
“I can’t!”
“Sometimes you don’t like me much, and I don’t blame you, it’s not a big deal.”
“Ahh, Captain Sneaky!”
Steve was a bit lost. “What?”
Come say hi to me on tumblr!
“Think we embarrassed him enough?” Bucky asked.
“I know, I can relate. For one, you’re easily the hottest person I’ve ever got into bed.” When Steve blushed, Tony kissed the heat on his cheekbones. “It’s been years, Steve, surely you know you’re hot,” he laughed.
“And you can tell me about everything you find attractive about me?”
Hours, Buck.”
Cap was distracted by Bruce rolling on the floor with the goat, that was the only reason he didn’t shut up. “That’s not a bad thing, being like Tony,” he said, pouring a cup of coffee. He realised they were all looking at him after a few second of silence. He willed his face to not blush. “What? He’s alright,” he tried to save it.
“You want more, baby?” Steve moaned around the digits fucking his mouth slowly, opening his mouth to receive another one. “So good for me,” Tony whispered absentmindedly. Then he added his pinkie, pressing down on Steve’s tongue to hold his mouth open. “You want this, don’t you?” He licked his lips invitingly and Steve was growing frantic.
“I stood there and I watched you and I felt like I couldn’t form words every time you were so
They were close, Steve noticed. They were close enough that he could smell Tony, as weird as it felt to think that. It smelled like how his sheets smelled, like how the t-shirt smelled. He felt dizzy, the warmth from the man seemingly radiating onto his skin. Tony turned just as he leaned it minutely, adamant he could get away with it.
He wished he could go out for a run or for a walk. But the world was not keen on letting him just be. He wondered, not for the first time, how famous people did it. Clint reminded him that he was famous as well, and he counter-argued that
So all in all, he was happy. But also nervous. Oh, so nervous. Increasingly so, as dinner progressed, even as Tony told him stories of his endless meetings with the suits, or of exciting brainstorming with MIT students. The food – tasty enough, it wasn’t something overly complicated, despite his boyfriend gushing over the flavours before moaning almost obscenely – he found it went down more difficult as time went on. The wine helped, and not for the first time he wished it would help with his nerves as well.
Steve’s face seemed to go numb for a second. “I doubt we’ll both fit, Tony. We’re not exactly small built,” he laughed.
“Mhm,” Steve managed instead of a worded response.
“Sofa and chill?”
“You alright, Cap?”
“Anything you want,” he babbled. “It’s yours.”
“Tish…”
What? That was his line. Tony had just walked out of what was essentially a life-threatening situation. He was supposed to ask that. He opened his mouth to reply, but words wouldn’t come out. So he nodded and made a face, trying to convey his worry.
He gasps, trying to catch his breath.
“Really? Not even acknowledging my struggles? Bah, and these people worship you!”
Clint fidgeted with the nerf gun. “I was trying to lighten up the mood,” he explained. “And to crack a joke cause he let you call me and fuck with me the other day.”
“And I can touch you and kiss you?”
“I’ll set your plants on fire, Tasha.”
“Mhm.” He scratched his beard. “Okay!”
Steve:
“Oh, really? Well then, I better give you some good fucking memories.” He positioned himself back in between Steve’s legs. With steady fingers, he pulled the towel apart, unwrapping Steve. “It’s your birthday but it seems I’m getting the present. Fuck, that was corny even for me.”
“Yep,” she replied, popping the ‘p’. “You okay, Steve?”
“So yeah –”
“I had a few minutes to let my mind roam.” He kissed him sweetly. “Are you okay?”
“Don’t make me come there and punch you in the face, Buck. I will, you know I will.”
The camera’s initial purpose was to figure out what Thor was doing wrong to the toaster and microwave. It turned out it was actually Bruce who fucked up unknowingly, and after the roasting sessions died down, they just kind of let it there. It wasn’t actively monitored by anyone, but in a frat-like house, it almost made sense to be able to find out who finished the milk and didn’t replace it. (It was Bucky. 88% of the time.)
“What kiss?” he asked Natasha, then Steve and tried to hurry everything along as he was expected on stage.
“Wrong name,” Steve quipped.
The police officer sighed. “No, sir, I’m trying to facilitate the team’s efforts.”
“Do you believe in soulmates?”
“General, the last person who used this tone with me ended up eating with a straw for two weeks,” he heard Natasha say on the phone. “Absolutely a threat, sir.” She paused, and Steve could hear indistinct shouting coming from the phone. “Sir, you sound hysterical, is it hormones? Is it that time of the month?” she asked smiling. “We are backing him all the way, one hundred percent.” More shouting on the other end. “We’re not being paid at all, let alone from the taxpayers’ money.” Shouting, then a tone. She put the phone down.
That seemed to sober both of them up quickly. “Do you have to?” Steve asked in a serious voice.
“And my mouth.”
Steve tried to understand, but somewhere between joking about building him a something and the oven, he’d lost the plot. “An oven? You mean like a box that heats things up and eventually cooks them? With the hot air, yeah?”
“And I was fucking your throat! Hard!” His hips bucked up, but he couldn’t even find the strength to apologise. He was so hard and his mind was so set on coming again, on Tony making him come again. The heat was gone and he thought he might actually cry.
“Oh my god, please! Please shut up.” Steve shouted from under the pillow he pulled from the bed and was currently using to try to smother himself. “How can you talk so much?”
“You too?!”
“You’re not a word,” he parroted.
It was extremely intimate. There was a flash of fear that Steve’s broadness would be dwarfing, but he snuggled into Tony, leaned his head back to let Tony kiss him sweetly, deeply. He felt his boyfriend’s hand move to touch his cock. “I don’t know if I can,” he sighed.
“Oh, now? Okay, okay.” Steve shut his eyes, regretting not being able to watch Tony do his little dance; his hips had started swaying most interestingly, but he complied with the request anyway. He realised why the song was familiar when it reached the chorus. “What song is this?”
He could hear the man spraying something, then some paper rustling. “Tony?”
“Yes.”
“Cheeky fucker,” Tony delayed once more.
“Did you know our tree’s called Ben?” Steve asked the little boy who shook his head from his hiding place in Steve’s neck.
“Damn it, I was hoping my downhearted look distracted you and you didn’t hear that. Look, just — I just want to make you come, darling.”
“Even better. Thor, Wanda needs some help with the fire, could you –”
“And of course, you do nothing similar for her,” Steve told him casually. He knew the only reason Bruce was so talkative was a lethal combination of misery and alcohol.
Natasha was laughing, and even if it was severely unorthodox, at least he got them to unwind a bit. Which was good, considering he was either going to cause an international incident (even if it wasn’t a Tuesday, rebellion!), or become some sort of image for standing up to what was right. Either way, it was going to have some sort of consequence. As Peter often said, the memes were going to be lit. Maybe. Shit. As he walked to the podium he heard Natasha shout “No, Cap, it was stellar!” and he smiled once more.
“My god, what do they teach you at SHIELD?”
Tony seemed instantly aware of the lack of Steve. “Hmm?”
It went on like that for a while, with Steve holding one end of the tinsel and running in circles around the tree with Darcy riding Thor around the other side, criss-crossing the strips. Bruce made sure to push it between the branches, to evenly cover every surface.
The idea came to him suddenly, as most ideas do. A couple of them were gathered for their weekly tactical training that Steve insisted on. He’d taken no shit, and no amount of mocking and needling made him give it up. He’d come up with a plan, rotating them on different scenarios and creating setbacks and issues that could arise. They would frequently call him the teacher from hell. So he requisitioned Hawkeye’s nerf gun and would promptly shoot them with foam darts in retaliation. He’d joked about detention precisely once before Tony turned it dirty and he blushed furiously at the knowing looks he received.
“Shit, he’s already attached.”
“Darling,” Tony whined. “Light of my life,
He ran all the way to his room, forgoing using the elevator altogether, fearful of meeting anyone. He lost track of the time he spent in the shower. It had been very early morning when he got there, if the hues of the sky were accurate. He spent what felt like hours rubbing at every inch of his skin, eager to clean himself of sweat and all the embarrassment. Had it not been enough he fucked up so royally mere weeks ago? Had it not been enough there were people still dealing with the fallout from that while he, incompetent and good-for-nothing as he was, couldn’t even control his fucking brain to at least make sure he was alone when he broke down. Maybe they should have given him brain serum as well, what good was his strength if he cried in the shower as he thought back on every single thing he’d ever done wrong?
“I think I’d rather –”
The smell of fresh coffee was overwhelming - appealing, but overwhelming. His vision tunneled, not unlike the way it did when he was hit with an anxiety attack, and everything seemed to slow down. He noticed the cupboards, the table, the chairs, the speckles of dust in the sunlight, the mountain of croissants, the smell of maple syrup and bacon, the cinnamon, the shadow of a body on the floor. He looked up.
“Oh, my god! Captain, Sergeant Barnes was talking about how Mr. Stark is in between you two guys and how you’re some sort of…” Peter seemed to be losing steam as he went on with the explanation. “Master of seduction and then he’s actually not safe between you guys cause you’d be double-teaming him or something, I don’t know, just watch the damn movie,” he finished quietly. If voices could blush, it sounded like his just did.
“I’ll lay out my terms for you soon.”
Tony cocked his head, looking at him with kind eyes. “You don’t owe me anything, Steve. If you wanna talk about it, when you wanna talk about it, I’ll be there for you. But the last thing I want is for you to be uncomfortable around me.”
“You’re such an asshole,” Steve said affectionately. “I’ll have you know I don’t understand that reference, and I now have an ongoing list of things I have to google.”
“Are you threatening me?”
“You are the most obnoxious person I have ever met. And I grew up with Bucky, was friends with your dad,
Steve found the power Tony exerted to be exhilarating. The way he was standing next to him, the glow of the arc reactor. He watched him move to the end of the bed, then climb to kneel at his feet.
“I don’t mind!” Steve said defensively. “I love spending time with them, I was just curious.”
“I’ve got nowhere else to be,” Steve explained. “But you shouldn’t have –”
There’s a lot Tony wants to tell him. He wants to shout that he loves
he paused as he felt himself blush, but the respite didn’t last long. “And your stupid tux and the way you do everything and smile and make the kids laugh and for fuck’s sake,
“And she –"
Steve laughed as he remembered his wet dream vividly. “Are you trying to get me to apologise or not? Cause I’m a bit confused right now.”
“Captain!”
Steve honestly, honest to god, as honest as he could possible be, felt like crying. He also felt like kissing Tony, and punching him a little, and hugging him, and kissing the stupid lines in the corners of his eyes, and run his hands through his hair, and Steve needed to get a fucking grasp on reality sooner rather than later.
“You need to get out more, Cap.”
He threw his hands up in despair. “I’ve been wanting to kiss you and hold you and touch you since I first saw you on that goddamn helicarrier, all those years ago and —“
Steve facepalmed. “Nothing, I’m an innocent old man. Please play the movie,” he told Clint in a small voice.
When his dare time was over he deposited the chair back where it belonged and went to pick up his shirt. Tony had a peaceful smile on his face, and Natasha had to wait for her yawn to end before speaking.
“Fighting Doom’s asshole Doombots, what does it look like I’m doing?”
The third bead was in and Steve sighed wistfully. Then he added another, accompanied by a moan that he couldn’t contain. He moved the hand on his balls to pinch his nipple. The catch on the rim was a tease when he pulled two of the beads out; he pushed them back in quickly, followed by the fifth bead on the toy. “I want to –” He twisted them a little, enjoying the wiggle inside him, but frustrated that they were neither thick enough nor quite where he wanted them. “Tony,” he started.
The scientist turned to face him. “Okay, are you sure you can’t get drunk? Cause you’re saying some liquor-wise things right now, some of which are complete bullshit,” he laughed.
Steve had seen that same conviction when Tony was in battle or when he was arguing the board of directors down. It was heartwarming, the way he’d become the sole focus of Tony’s attention. It was a change from the usual all-over-the-place attitude with eight different lines of thought and a fidget and potentially fire. And as Tony licked the drops of water from the underside of his jaw, he was so very grateful to be important.
What a stupid man he was, he laughed, and headed up to do some research and hopefully some online shopping.
“It does,” Steve said. He could feel the cold retreat to its small place in the back of his mind. He was safe, safe in Tony’s arms, cared for at the tips of his fingers. He blocked the thoughts of being a burden, of being weak, of being anything other than loved. He dared to think the word, despite knowing it would backfire terribly once he had full control of his mind again.
There was some reward in staying sober when no one else did. Steve was certain to remember the moment Darcy Lewis stepped on the steel ledge at the bottom of the bar, leaned over the tall structure, gripped Bruce’s shirt, and pulled him for a kiss. And Steve was lonely and kind of miserable so he watched them because the warmth in his chest was beautiful, and it was so much better than the loudness in his head.
“Tasha, you have to, I made coffee, come on. Don’t make me put on the serious voice,” he warned only half-joking.
Tony’s grin was blinding. “An equally horny one?” he offered.
Pietro’s eyes widened. “Really?” he asked Steve, who was always the man he turned to for confirmation and orders.
“Excellent,” she said, and he immediately regretted it.
“Very British of you. Put on a posh accent and I might just discover a language kink.”
And good God, yes, Steve wanted to do it again. To know he brought himself closer to orgasm, and to pull himself away, tethered only by the toy, almost suspended on the armchair, ass out, hole hungry for cock for Tony’s cock and for the way it pounded into him and – he pushed the beads back in, and it felt like he was floating and the waves were lifting him up, then he would dip. He pulled them out slowly, had to force himself to go slow. Again, and again, and his other hand ghosted over his leaking cock, fearful of coming too soon, without being told, and what an amazing feeling that was, to come after he was allowed to, ordered to –
Steve’s heart soared. He slid down, pressing his lips lightly on the man’s ribs, then on his abs, enjoying the way his skin reacted to touch. He licked towards his bellybutton lazily. When his tongue dipped in, Tony gasped, his hand fisting Steve’s hair. He moved lower, nibbling at the hot skin on his lower belly, then on his hip bone.
“Okay, okay! We get it. Jesus!”
They looked at each other, trying to figure out what he meant. Tony was surprisingly the one to answer, not even lifting his head from his potato salad. “You, of course. And hurry up, I want to get to that crisp skin sooner rather than later.” When no one said anything, he looked up. “What?”
Tony groaned as Steve shook his head.
“You wound me,” Bucky said and touched his heart dramatically.
“As soon as Pietro’s feeling up to it and we get everyone together. We don’t need it until the 31st, so you have plenty of time to try and get out of it and ultimately agree because you know how much it means to me.”
“I wasn’t done. Every two, you do a shot of Amaretto -”
“What are you on about, Buck?” Steve asked around a mouthful of popcorn, still holding the bowl on his lap.
“Nonsense, don’t worry about it. We all have our demons and we all deal with them the best we can.” He poured batter in a cupcake tray and Steve wanted to hug him forever. “I do think you should consider talking to someone. We can screen them, I can write an algorithm to match you with someone suitable. It’s ultimately up to you. I’m not gonna make you go talk to a therapist, but you can’t be surprised if I’m gonna keep a closer eye on you.”
“Dare,” Steve replied.
he’s used to. But while the concern is heartwarming, it’s also slightly overbearing. “Look, I’m grateful you’re looking out for me but –”
Natasha:
“That could work.” It’s been on his mind since Natasha mentioned Doom. It’s an extreme solution, true, but it would also solve their problem. He’s just glad Barton said it instead of him.
“As expected,” Natasha replied. “Fox is foaming at the mouth, Breitbart threatened to have you arrested and or court martialed under some unknown authority they dreamt up in the past eight minutes,” she informed him with an eye roll.
“You know what it does to me when you speak contemporary English. Say viral one more time.”
“For the love of god, we don’t even know if you were born or if you hatched from a large egg!” Tony exclaimed.
“Whatever, they’re not as pretty,” she said and they were through to the kitchen.
Steve yawned, choosing not to comment on what Tony had said, the man seemed embarrassed enough as it was. He’d overthink about it for days, though. “Do you think I can crash here for a bit?”
Steve remembered watching it late one night when he couldn’t sleep. “Isn’t it with the ghost guy?”
“Clearly.” There was a pause. Steve figured he deserved the impatient tone. He wished he could get up and go back to his bed, in the solitude of his room, where no one would see him like this. “I’m sorry, that was uncalled for. How can I help?”
“It’s okay, I’m okay,” he lied.
Steve could have hugged the woman. “No, please check up on him, you’re not interrupting anything.”
Steve sent a photo.
“What the fuck are you doing?” he asked, pushing himself away from the desk. But Tony moved with him, his mouth seemingly glued to his cock. He mumbled something that only made everything worse, as he slid further down, and vibrated a little as well. Steve grabbed his hair and pulled him off, standing up in the process.
Hi babies! So short story time (ahahaha, it's funny cause I don't do short stories, get it??? anyway...) When I was a kid I used to come up with scenarios about all the ways in which I could be insulted so I would have comebacks ready. In similar fashion, I think of potential fic issues that could get really angry people to flame me (think ff.net 2007 style of flaming).
Steve nodded. “Go ahead, I’ll tidy up a bit and -”
“But I wanted you to,” Tony explained. “I loved every second of it.” He ground his erection into Steve’s hip. “Loved it this much.”
“I’m still sorry, I should have warned you that –”
“Beautiful,” Tony whispered, prompting a shudder from Steve. “Come here.”
“The level of disrespect I put up with. Unbelievable. Steve, can you believe this?” Steve managed to agree through his laughter. He kept his eyes shut, waiting patiently. He was adamant that whatever the surprise was he would be happy regardless. “Okay, now for this part - I need some hot stuff, baby this evening. Ouch! Okay, not the kind of hot I had in mind, shit!”
“Nuh-uh, I’m all vanilla and shit.” He paused briefly before laughing. “I really tried to stay serious, but I lost it, sorry.”
“200 channels in variations of Russian, movies from the 70s, and German porn, music and all. Hence, this.” She used her chin to point to what Steve could only describe as a jug of reddish coloured liquid that she held in the nook of her arm. There were two straws connected to give her the extra length she needed to sip leisurely from it.
Steve got up and refilled their drinks. He rolled his eyes at Tony’s eyebrow wiggle. “Jackie, short for Jacqueline. Also, in her words, raging lesbian,” he explained. “Pretty sure part of the reason she joined the dance company was for the company.” The accompanying laugh seemed to soften Tony’s expression. Or so it seemed in the light.
Tony made a show of leaning back and rolling his eyes because he was the biggest drama queen, no matter how many tantrums Steve threw. “This is your tower as well. You all have rooms and little nooks of happiness and the building is actually in all of our names.” He sipped his mulled wine. “What?” he asked again in that impatient voice.
“Like I’m about to punch at least two people in the face at the same time. Dr. Pavlova,” she proceeded to talk to the doctor in rapid Russian, smiling at her when she got passionate in what she was saying.
Steve’s heart clenched at the kind tone. Bennu bleated, Thor bleated back, then he told them she was moved by the gesture. Then she hopped up to Steve and gestured she wanted to be picked up. Steve did, despite what she had said earlier. If she wanted to offer emotional support, he would accept it. He pulled her up to his face and buried his face in her fur.
“So you screwed up,” Clint started again.
Natasha exclaimed as she lifted a lid. “Steve,
Steve fiddled with it. “It’s really not that great,” he told him. He really wished he’d remembered to give Tony the present the day before so he could have opened it then and it wouldn’t have been that big of a deal.
“What are you thinking about?” the scientist asked him, a small smile forming on his face.
After a brief rearranging, the contestants sat or kneeled around the table. Everyone moved out of the way, and Clint made sure to put some raunchy music on before getting in position. He dished out the jelly dicks on cake plates and got Vision to count to three. As soon as the word was said, they all bent their heads and went for it.
Tony smiled at him, the beautiful smile that could melt Steve’s insides. He rubbed his cheek on Steve’s inner thigh, making him shake with the way his facial hair tickled. “And what do you want to see me do, darling?” Tony slowed down, expecting an answer.
“It’s a surprise.”
“I had a friend called Dum Dum - well, his name was actually Timothy. Good man, had a thing for rifles.”
“In broad lines, I’m a skeleton-plan-wing-it man. But I do know I want you,” he said and lowered his hand to touch Steve’s thigh. He slid it towards the knee, then pulled his legs apart slightly.
There was a sharp poke between his shoulderblades just as he was bending to rearrange some plates. It didn’t hurt, but it was uncomfortable enough to make him turn and look up.
Natasha barked a short laugh at something someone said on a tv show that made people throw themselves onto bouncing surfaces. She waved their confused looks away and sat up. “Okay, cards?”
“Yeah, yeah. You’re a good man Steven Rogers. You’re gonna make… someone really happy one day.”
He came to afraid he’d dreamt the whole thing. His brain was capable of fucking him over like that, so he was prepared to open his eyes and see the empty side of the bed. But the warmth was there by him, and so was the faint blue glow escaping from under fluffy cover. He kissed Tony’s forehead sleepily. There was no way he would go back to sleep once he’d realised reality was so much better. He shifted on his side to better watch the peaceful man next to him.
“What, you’re keeping tabs?”
“What train, you idiot?”
“Hell of a full name, as well,” Tony agreed. When Steve stayed quiet, he continued. “I read everything I could get my hands on,” he explained. “Aunt Peggy used to tell me bedtime stories from the war, and then from SHIELD. I used to sneakily drink coffee when no one was looking so I could stay up and listen to her. She figured it out one night, made me promise I wouldn’t do that anymore. But she’d come earlier and spend more time with me. When I was old enough to drink coffee without getting in trouble she was exasperated.”
“Tony, it’s five in the morning. I just got in two hours ago, I’m tired, I’m bruised and I’ve been clawed at in the most unsexy way of my life. Please, for the love of everything, shut the fuck up.” He yawned.
“Tony, why are there children in our living room?”
“Okay, yes, yeah.” He hissed as Tony moved his hand up on Steve’s cock, palming the head and starting again from the base. “What would you like to know?”
Well, that makes him feel like an asshole. He doesn’t want to upset Steve; not now, not ever. Yes, they’re equally stubborn and concerned for the other’s wellbeing, as well as for their family’s safety, and Tony understands where Steve’s coming from. The thought of Steve getting hurt makes him feel sick. So he nods. “Okay, yeah. I’m sorry,” he says and touches the man’s shoulder briefly.
“Stop overthinking, darling,” Tony said, suddenly speaking from right next to his ear, where his hot breath made Steve’s blood race. “It’s a good thing. I’ve not felt like this, this much… maybe ever now that I think about it.”
“Oh my god, just let me sleep, all you ever do is talk and wake me up and I have frankly had enough,” Tony snapped mockingly. His eyes were shut, but the smile on his face was telling. He settled deeper into the comfortable seat.
The second thing he noticed were the thick ropes that held his arms back and securely tied to dark wooden bedposts. He tried wiggling them, but there was no room. Then he tried pulling at them, but they wouldn’t give. Steve’s heart sank. He dreaded looking down, but braced himself and was relieved to see the body he was used to. Missing a shirt.
He walked Natasha to her door and waited until she was in bed before turning her light off. “You gonna be okay?”
They walked past a small wooden stall, draped with heavy velvet curtains. It had a large cardboard crystal ball adorning its front. Steve had seen palm readers stalls before, the girls he was on tour with were keen on finding out their future whenever they encountered one. He stayed away, uncertain he even had a future and extremely certain it was all a massive scam. He didn’t need some hack telling him their gloomy ideas for his future.
“Oooh, not touching that one! Good talk, Stark. I’ll let you get back to it now,” he said, and left quickly, before Steve could have a go at him.
So, tactically. Problem: Steve was currently speechless halfway through a bottle of scotch that did absolutely nothing to him (while everyone was having a blast) because he found his friend hot and there was no way anything would come of it for various reasons. There, that was the most compact way of putting it. Steve was thankful the babbling in his head didn’t translate into his reports. Solution: drink the entire bottle, put on a smile, and join the party before someone asks questions.
“Hey, remember our talk about a working HR? This is one of those things that can easily be added to –”
“There you go, darling. Oh, look at you, look how good you’re being, opening up for me.” He finally brought the third finger back, stretching Steve again. “I can’t wait to be inside you. I can’t wait to watch you come as I’m fucking you,” he whispered, more to himself.
She nodded. “Just very tired. I haven’t slept in about four days.”
“How about 20 questions?” Steve offered. “We used to play it back in the war. It got progressively more vulgar the drunker everyone got.” Nat laughed and pointed at Tony with the hand that held her now empty jug. “Yeah, you’re right. It was the French names for sex acts that signalled they were officially too gone.”
did you think it was a good idea to reenact this?” she asked quietly, which Clint knew was a tone reserved for when someone messed up.
“Steve, you know me, I want to know
“We need to be smart, Tony. You need to stay with me, hold on for a second.”
“No, I’m just grateful.” He felt his cheeks warm up. “Sorry, it’s just that everything… and I’m a bit overwhelmed. And I thought you’d died, but now you baked for me and it’s just…”
“Don’t you mean ‘what the duck are you doing?’” Clint asked laughing.
“Pathetic… technologically challenged… self-absorbed… asshole,” he said punctuating each insult with a blast. When he was done he landed next to Steve and shoved him. Hard. “Are you out of your goddamned mind?” he asked deathly calm. But there were no calm things in Steve’s life, so he was wary.
“Nah, we only fuck up political stability on Tuesdays,” Tony replied.
“Is it always this bad? Why didn’t you say anything?”
Maybe if he thought of it tactically, as if it were a mission he needed to plan. He took a deep breath and another swig from the bottle. Situation: the reality he found Tony Stark attractive. Extra information: not only did he find his fellow Avenger attractive, he was rendered speechless, mid conversation with… someone because he found him
“No, where have you been all my life?” Steve replied and just like that, he was able to breathe properly again. It should have been worrying how much Tony’s relaxed expression affected him, but right then and there Steve found other things that were troublesome.
“Yes, you did!” Tony shouted towards the door. “You said ‘we should check on Steve in a bit, he sounded asleep’ so I’m waiting for him to get in the shower!”
“What about your suit?” There’s underlying coldness in Steve’s voice, something Tony definitely shouldn’t find as hot as he does. Steve’s negative emotions don’t turn him on, he muses. It’s not that, it’s the layers of care that Tony knows inform the reaction.
Steve knew it was too soon, of course he fucking knew. But he also knew he'd never expected to have this. And that they could die any day, so what was rushing into something too quickly in the grand scheme of things, really?
Steve was up in no time, pulling Tony to his feet as well. The goat was secure in the man’s arms and together, they walked to where Natasha was waiting with a couple of doctors and a crowd.
“Happy?”
Steve moaned. “Mhm.”
“That’s right, I got you. I’ll do this forever if you need me to. Try to sleep now,” he urged him.
“Darcy…”
“Never,” he told him before kissing him again.
“Truth,” he finally said, half squinting in mistrust.
Seconds later, Sam’s sigh follows. “Why you gotta be so goddamn dramatic? Hurry up, I’m covering you.”
“Are you… what was it you said? Are you fucking with me again?” Steve asked with a smile.
A buzz went around the room, people chattering more excitedly all of a sudden. Steve was alert, but not wary yet. The lights dimmed, a spotlight flickering on a podium at the front of the room. The knot in his stomach seemed to tighten. There weren’t many things that could elicit that response, and he very much doubted the President of the United States was attending this particular charity gala. One of the popstars maybe, but this was New York, and Hollywood seemed more like the scene for that. No, Steve knew. Somewhere inside of his heart, he knew. If he was the tiniest bit more self-aware, he might have even heard the telling deafening sound of the train horn.
“Tony!”
They were lured over to one of the shooting stalls. The master, a tall man with a velvet top hat and an impressive moustache. He must have said something funny, because Natasha chuckled again. She explained that he wanted them to grace his stall with their shooting skills and promised it wasn’t even rigged. It was a celebration, he had said, so they were welcome to shoot and pick their prizes should they win.
“Boss, it’s time!” Friday shouted.
“You already have millions,” Darcy told him with a laugh. She pulled away from Bucky and pat his cheek. “Thanks for the dance, Footloose. I better go find Jane before she has too much to drink and decides to strip.”
“Ah, I take it you got it to work?” Steve asked as he sat on one of the armchairs. Tony took the other one.
Help came in the way of Thor, however. Majestic still, in jeans and flip flops. “Friends,” he boomed. “Hello!” They all greeted him, including Bennu, who let out what seemed like a happy bleat. “A goat!”
“Really? Have you met me?”
“Asshole,” Steve muttered when he heard the telltale beeping.
“Vicious,” Bruce said. “Not your normal mood, but I like it.”
Steve’s hand cupped the back of Tony’s head when he descended once more on Steve’s neck. He licked and bit, sucked on his pulse point, drawing loud moans from Steve’s throat. He kissed his way down, closing his lips over a hardened nipple. He flicked his tongue over it repeatedly, before switching to rolling it between his fingers.
It was one of those split second things when he saw the red and gold wrapping paper. He had actually shut his door when the thought sunk in, and walked back in to investigate. The second he realised what he was looking at he could have punched himself in the face. The present for Tony, the one he spent ages on was sitting on his desk patiently. Steve was an idiot.
“I will literally take this stiletto off and hammer it into your head,” Natasha said calmly as she tried to get Clint dressed. “How are you this inept? You can shoot a moving target 500 feet away without looking but a suit gets you so confused you have to sit down.”
“Mhm,” he managed and inhaled as deeply as possible without betraying a panic attack.
“Mhm, don’t mention it.” He checked the stick and threw it away when he realised Steve had finished the cotton candy. “I used to get bad days a lot,” Tony offered. “It’s better these days, but the feeling stays with you.”
In an instant, Tony was cradling his head, pulling him into his chest. “I love you more than words can say, Steve,” he whispered. “Give me your hands.” He massaged his fingers, his palms and forearms. “So good, so good.” He kissed each of his fingers. “Now, I believe you have something to show me?”
Then he dived down, taking Steve in his mouth and sucking on the head greedily. Steve’s hips thrusted up and he lacked the will or the power to stop himself. Tony received him eagerly. The throat engulfing Steve’s dick was possibly heaven, with its heat and tightness. Tony moaned and Steve’s torso shot up to look at him.
“It’s okay. You’re okay. I’ve got you, Steve. Nothing will happen to you here, not on my watch. I’ve got you,” he kept repeating.
“For the last time,” Steve started with a clipped voice, “it’s just in the right light that we even look similar at all. Also, can someone please help me with this, or should I just hold it for the rest of the season?” He tried looking around without jostling the tree too much. “At least then I’d be useful,” he added very quietly. Both his team mates pretended not to hear.
“Come on, bit of Uno?” she tried again.
“There we go, that’s a good Captain,” he cooed, and pressed down hard.
“Show me,” Tony asked.
But now that he’s alive when Steve isn’t, it feels a million times worse. He hears Steve’s laugh ring in his ears, over the background of despair and chaos below him. He hears Steve’s moans and pleas and whispers. He hears Steve’s confession over and over again. He hears the quips they exchanged and the smile that accompanied them only minutes before.
“When did you even have time to do it?”
It was impressively thick. The veins on it stood out almost obscenely sensually and Steve found that he had never wanted to touch anything as much. With a tentative hand, he finally grabbed it. The hiss that he received as a response went straight to his own cock. The distinct thought that danced around his mind was that it would take a lot of patience to take it all - both in his mouth and later, if he was lucky, on all fours and
“Tony, I can’t focus on that –”
The master allowed them to pick smaller toys, stuffed bunnies and teddies. Tony did, slipping extra money to the man to cover all expenses. Then he let his teammates have some and together they distributed them to the children who had gathered around to watch them.
“What?”
The sounds all rush around him. He watches Steve fall to his death as a Doombot explodes, bringing down half a building on the man Tony loves. He hears Steve’s scream over the comm, outside of the comm, in his very soul. He hovers there, uselessly holding on to Steve’s shield still. Below him, the dust spreads out in waves, flowing down the street like fog. Bucky’s panicked shout, Natasha’s repeated calls for Steve. Their family’s voices, all overlapping, all filling his head with the reality that Steve is gone. When he realises, he dives to the wreckage, finally letting out the anguished scream that has been bubbling in his chest.
Steve smiled. “I’d think of you as
“Stark,” came the one-word warning from Natasha, and Tony dropped the attitude. He lifted his hands in surrender.
“Fine! Since I watched you deepthroat a jelly dick! Happy now?”
“I like you,” Steve tried to save face.
“We get to celebrate your birthday. You let me give you presents and pamper you, the others get to do the same –”
Clint beamed, perched on the back of the sofa as he tended to do in exciting times. “Man, it’d be great if we could get a revolving tree! Say, Cap, wanna take another trip and look for one of those revolving thingies?”
Steve nodded, then sighed. He turned to look at the man currently rubbing comforting circles on his hips. “It felt like, like I was hit by a train. And you know my history with trains. The woman was kissing me, there were people everywhere and I –”
Thor had a particular look on his face. “Loki?” he whispered.
Tony hopped off the counter and took the few steps to where Steve was standing. “No no don’t. I mean I could have lived three content lifetimes without you ever seeing that photo of me and the toy shield. Or the one where I’m drooling on Peggy’s shirt - that’s not even really cute and I’m pretty sure I don’t do that anymore, I don’t actually know, there was no one to comment on it so I don’t -”
“Please move,” Steve whispered in between moans.
?” Natasha asked with a laugh. She turned to the people gathering at the bar. “Thank you so much for wanting to celebrate with me. Now drink!” She passed shot glasses to everyone and set the tone for her party.
Steve regarded them slyly. They’d drop it for now, bring it up in a couple of days again. Some of them knew better. Bruce knew better to be precise; he’d still leave a mug or a t-shirt or both for the man, small bow glued to them, no note or anything. And Tony knew who they were from, but he never approached the subject, never thanked Bruce, and always added them to his ever growing collections of mugs and soft tops.
Steve bit his lip until it hurt. “I’m okay, Tony,” he sighed. “My brain is in overdrive and it’s tiring.” He disagreed with pretty much everything the other man said but it was neither the time nor the place for an argument, harmless as it may have been.
“My gorgeous love…”
The man left them then, back to his table of predominantly men. Steve took note of their ties again, the way their chins sprawled over the lazy knots. Still dazed by his wordless exchange with Tony, he made sure his tie sat right. If he fiddled with it as he skimmed the speech, well then it would just have to be seen as a sign of nervousness and he would be chastised by Natasha and potentially Maria Hill later. It was not common knowledge that Hill whipped them all over the place about their mannerisms, but Steve was willing to risk it. The more he read the more he needed some sort of outlet.
Steve went. He felt Tony’s fingers back at his hole and he moved forward to stop him. “No need. Your cock, just want your cock.” Tony’s hips stuttered briefly. Steve reached in between them to position Tony’s cock at his entrance and he began his downward movement. His eyes rolled in the back of his head; he used Tony’s shoulder to steady himself.
“Oh, he also said ‘we’ll make up this story about you needing to fight Nazis and that’s why we’re doing all this, but you know the truth about your true calling in life, and on top of that maybe we’ll get lucky and you’ll freeze for fifty years to catch him at a prime time for astounding!’”
Natasha chimed in with a well timed small cough. She leaned on her elbows, capturing the prime-minister's attention. “I wonder if perhaps Mr. Stark might be a better choice,” she offered evenly.
They decided to spend Christmas together, another example of team bonding that left Steve confused but hopeful. It would be his first Christmas with Bucky since the fall, and it would be the first one in many years when he felt he had a family. He didn’t have remarkable memories of Christmas celebrations with his mother, and since he came back it was always some average pot roast from a restaurant or the other. He was doing this Christmas right for the first time.
The man shrugged. “Told you. Now, to sort this out.”
I'm not entirely sure where this rant is coming from, no one's come after me to scold me for doing this or that, but I do get in my head sometimes (much like Steve does), and when that happens I get paranoid and so on and so forth.
“And have you used this toy before?”
“Yeah, yeah, and then you’d have wanted to scrub the oven, and polish the silverware, and knit some warm tiny socks for homeless kittens, and we’d have been here all night waiting for you. Now sit down,” he said just as Wanda lowered him on the sofa, between Bucky and Pepper.
“The kid’s gonna be fine, it’s superficial at best,” Tony dodged the gratitude and turned to Steve, the scowl still in place.
He moved to the coffee machine in the corner of the living room. Steve joined him, managing to locate his pants. “Not that I would have said anything. But sometimes I had bouts of wishful thinking. Hence the plans.” He placed a cup of coffee in front of Steve.
“You panicked,” Tony offered.
“We also tend to be reckless and rush into situations that seem without escape just to satisfy some sort of very inner inferiority complex,” he said casually.
“Waiting for you,” Tony answered in a slurred voice. Steve watched him fall asleep in his arms. He watched the way his eyes fluttered and when he kissed them, he watched Tony’s mouth corners lift in a gentle smile.
“I’m not –“
It was a byproduct of their lives, he concluded once more. There were always unexpected situations, and even when that wasn’t the case, there were schedules to follow, plans to see through, and matters to attend to. It happened organically, this getting together to do stuff. A movie night just the two of them, a run and street food after, the time spent before the run putting together disguises and laughing at each other’s silliness, lab time for fun and a drawing session for Steve. Overall, he could happily say they were spending plenty of time together.
Tony sighed. “I’m sorry I overreacted and left you there. And then left you altogether. I don’t deal well with that sort of stress.”
Tony pushed him down then, pulling his fingers out and replacing them with his tongue. He licked sharply around his loosened hole and dipped inside, making Steve clench his fists in the sheets once more. He’d never thought anything could feel as great - and then Tony’s hand gripped his dick. Steve gasped, pushing down into the tightness. Eager for more, he got up on all fours, finally obeying Tony’s instructions.
“But I want to know,” he pouted, kissing the top of Steve’s cock playfully, smacking sound and all. He took the head back in his mouth, inching down slowly. When Steve was still nonverbally enjoying himself, he groaned, the vibration echoing throughout Steve’s veins, all the way to his brain and back into his hard cock.
Tony leaned in and they both took the cue and came closer. “Did you know that ‘Natasha’ spelled backwards is ‘ah, satan’?”
“Ten photos of Human Torch’s abs that prove he’s the improved version of Captain America.”
Steve wanted to punch himself. “It’s just - I think I may have - I think I caused it this time,” he finished lamely.
Tony raised an eyebrow and seemed to develop a very knowing smirk. “Is that the super serum talking or are you just that good?”
“With blackjack and hookers!”
The filthiness of it always made Steve’s head swim. “Anything you want.”
Dinner was a success as far as Steve was concerned. The teasing was familiar, and they shared stories of the few happy things they could remember about Christmas. When the conversation turned darker, Vision starting blasting “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer” and then awkwardly singing along. They tried to keep Steve from helping with clearing the table, but he still managed to sneak past them and start loading the dishwasher.
It actually made him feel ill, the feeling of guilt and remorse relentless in its quest to push him to crying. And on top of fucking everything, it was his birthday and even if he made excuses for postponing the dinner, he would need to at least make an appearance. It was selfish to rob his family of the joy of wishing him well.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, as if anything will be comfortable while I’m hard and horny.”
“Please put it on me,” Steve whispered before he lost his conviction completely. “I want to be good for you,” he added, trying to convince both himself and Tony.
“Give me a minute?” he asked, trying his best to contain the nerves that threatened to seep out in his voice.
And if the feet-penis ratio was legit, how big was Steve’s soldier? That was an exact headline; it had been framed and glued to the lift mirror for weeks. Steve took to not checking if his shirt collar was crooked or not.
Tony relaxed visibly. “Oh. Oh, I can help. Tissues over here in the nightstand, water in the mini fridge on your side of the bed… uh, that side of the bed.” He tried for a subject change. “Starstruck, huh?”
Back in Tony’s room, the sheets somehow smelled like him, and Steve was surprised to discover he didn’t feel like he was missing a home after all.
Tony huffed. “Fine, but if you think there are any decorations in this tower, you’re delusional. How are you gonna solve that, huh?” he asked with a smirk.
So life went back to normal, with missions that left Clint in a neck brace for a couple of weeks and broke four of Steve’s ribs. He apologised for healing by next morning when Clint hissed at him from the couch, high on prescription painkillers. Steve didn’t plan on spending half a day watching him play something called Minecraft, but when someone yelled “pizza’s here!” he realised it was dinner time and the marksman built the most uneven house Steve had ever seen.
“My beautiful darling… yes, Steve, come on, come for me!”
It was both empowering and tender to share this experience with Tony. To put on this act and to watch the man’s face as he rolled his tongue back in his mouth, drops of cum escaping as he licked his lips. He made a show of swallowing it. He was almost afraid to touch his cock again, the intensity of his earlier orgasms still vibrant. But he was hard and aching and he wanted to chase that feeling once more.
“When was the last time you touched the washing machines? Actually when was the first?” Steve whispered-shouted back.
“Yeah, no,” he said and took a drink from the water bottle they provided. His phone was going mental. “Let’s be real here for a second, shall we?” The prime-minister had gone comically red, side-lit as he was. Steve imagined steam coming out of his ears. He was happy to say that with the distinct exception of Tony Stark, he imagined no one else naked. “I was handed this speech this very day by the very prime-minister sitting right here. And the thing is, if this was in any way, shape, or form a correct depiction of why we are here and what has been done so far, I would not have the smallest of problems in reading it. As it happens, I’m always honest. It’s a character flaw, I’m told. They also called me ‘The Star Spangled Man with a Plan’ so I wouldn’t take what they say to heart. Especially since this was horrendously unplanned.”
“Stark!” Steve’s scolding tone goes straight to his dick and he’s honestly unable to help it.
Natasha snorted and patted his knee affectionately. Steve was confused, but things seemed alright, so he kept quiet despite the loudness of his mind. He focused on the lights rushing by as they were being driven to their hotel.
“Sure. What?”
“What?”
to do anything,” he laughed. “And even if I did, I wouldn’t.”
A Doombot flies backwards by them. Steve stops next to him, pulling the cowl off. “I swear I’ll ground all of you!”
“Oh, good. I was worried your heartfelt compliments were over – so glad to see that’s not the case. So glad I’m alright, I was actually up all night trying to figure out how you see me.”
He decided the best course of action was to open his eye as little as possible and try to make something out in the dark. The very dim blue hue that met him made his heart race even faster, this time with the comfort of its familiarity, as well as with the implications. He opened his eyes fully and stared in its general direction.
Tony chuckled sadly. “Maybe with a bit more punctuation and less sarcasm, but yeah, pretty much that.”
putting my clothes back on. So I can get into bed with you and
“I just forget how accepting you are of things,” Tony offered as a very subtle apology in case he offended Steve. “Pepper looks after them through the foundation. They’ve either been abandoned or orphaned. A couple of them… their parents were killed in action. She called this morning and asked if she could bring them over. Their caretakers were delighted with the idea and I said yes because Christmas is hard.”
“Again? What cold?” Tony asked gently.
“Ah, well. You see. There was a sort of. You know, I don’t actually know why. Maybe it’s some Christmas miracle -”
“Let it go, kid, no one understands,” Tony shrugged.
Bereft of the steadying pressure of the embrace, alone and watching the sky rapidly distancing itself from him, Steve thought falling was absolutely nothing like flying.
“I don’t believe I missed out on anything,” Steve retorted quickly.
“Darling?” When Steve moaned in response, he kept going, whispering in his ear. “You like it when I call you that?” Steve nodded. “I’ve had to bite my tongue from slipping a million times. Some days I’d go back to my lab and think about all the times I wanted to call you that throughout the day. Then I’d hide in the corner that’s not visible from the hallway, take my cock out, and whisper it as I touched myself thinking of you.”
“Is that still happening? Okay then.” He placed his elbow on the bar and wiggled his fingers. Natasha grabbed it and signaled Tony to count. It was more difficult than with Rhodey, Steve will give her that, but in the end he was victorious.
Steve was confused and was about to ask what he was on about when drumrolls flooded the large common room. Clint’s voice could be heard over the noise, belting out Happy Birthday horribly off-key. It was Natasha’s turn to groan. Steve felt almost vindicated.
Tony’s hips jerked involuntarily, making both of them hiss. “Holy fuck,” Tony finally said.
“Fuck me,” Tony repeated as he pulled him back in once more.
“Ha ha, no you dickhead. Up his sleevies! Get it? Cause -”
“Excellent,” Natasha said covering Steve’s groan.
To say it was surreal was probably the biggest understatement in history. He’d gone from despair to irritation to elation in the space of mere hours. He didn’t actually know how much time he’d spent falling in love with Tony over and over again. The windows had been tinted, and if he was completely honest, he didn’t even want to know. If this was all he got, he would enjoy it and cherish it for the rest of his life.
. He would have laughed if everything hadn’t been so shit. He also noticed Tony, heard his voice.
“It is?” Tony asked.
“Play ultimate frisbee and hope he catches it with his face,” Steve deadpanned.
She smiled. “Yes, like the cake. I’m sorry I couldn’t be with you sooner. Oh, I can come back later if I’m interrupting.”
“Yeah,” she said and ruffled his hair. “Come on, we saved the star for you.”
Pepper stepped up in front of him. “This is important to you. Right?”
“Shh, it’s okay, Steve, it’s okay. I’m so sorry,” he repeated as he continued the small kisses and caresses. “So the panic…”
“True.”
“Because you bought us…” He repeated incredulously. “Shut up, Steve, you dork.” But he was laughing as he pulled Steve to the bathroom. And he was smiling when he washed Steve’s hair and back and tender hole.
“No idea,” Steve reassured him.
“Great!” The man clapped his hands, making Steve jump. “Shit, sorry! Didn’t mean to scare you. So you know how it’s your birthday?” Steve groaned. “Yeah, I know, you’re not a fan, but it’s just the two of us and I’ve had something planned for a while and if you could just be patient with me for a second or an hour or so –”
“We’re on foreign soil, imagine how much crap Hill would have to deal with. On second thought, I’m down if you’re down. Just aim for the leg, I can get sympathetic looks from heart eyed locals. You know, with the limp and everything -”
Natasha leaned in to look the man in the eyes. “Remember that bit in the second Harry Potter book? His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad…”
Steve groaned and readjusted his dick.
There was longing in her voice that didn’t bode well for Steve. “Let’s not start another international incident if we can help it, shall we? Nice and easy, smile and wave, boys.”
Steve tried really hard. He really did. But he couldn’t hold it in, so when he finally laughed it was loud and wild and he had to close his eyes and rest his head on the top of the armchair and just let it happen. Because it was the only way to release the ball of emotions that was in his chest, and any other way would have been not only mortifying, but also pretty shitty considering how drunk Tony was. Also considering that what he wanted to do was kneel in front of him, kiss him, and run his hands through his stupid messy hair.
Clint seemed to notice the goat for the first time.
There was a break in their schedule to allow for a change of clothes and away-from-the-press time. Outside, the people cheered them on when they exited the building. Steve would have given up all his worldly possessions for the pavement to open up and swallow him whole. The grotesque statue he avoided looking at glinted in the sun in his peripheral vision. The people thanked and welcomed him as one of their own. Natasha conversed in rapid Russian with a couple of mothers and their kids while Tony signed plastic Iron Man masks.
“Oh, he’s up alright!” Tony shouted towards the door, presumably to Natasha, or the entirety of Manhattan. Steve was particularly happy with the sharp ‘ow, Clint!’ that followed.
The man smiled. “What have you got in the box, darling?”
“Steve, where did you go? Focus on my voice. Are you okay?” There was definitely concern in the voice, but then again Steve was kind of important to the team.
Bucky was confused, chewing on carrot sticks as he leaned on the counter. “What?”
Thor’s face lit up and he brought his hands together as he did before a fist fight. “Ah! Of course, it makes sense now. So, a competition,” he said and Steve knew that look.
“Any day you want, sweetheart.” He pulled Tony to his chest, snorting at the squelch. “Quick shower first? I’d like to be able to move and this drying lube is a bit risky.”
“Like the cake?”
“Mhm, bullshit,” he mocked-sneezed.
“You go through with that and we’ll
“And I can take your t-shirt off?” he asked with a calculating look on his face.
“One thing, Hammer. I warned you.” She linked arms with Tony and started walking them away. “Asshole.”
“Oh? Oh, sure! Mi casa es su casa! I mean, even more so than you owning a part of it and living here. I mean - yeah, go for it.”
Steve really wanted to stop reading all the crap they wrote and produced about him, about his mother, about where he had lived in Brooklyn, about every single aspect of his life. Was he single? Was he really an asshole? Was he ever going to find a nice girl and settle down? Did he have children? Had he paid the mothers off? Tony found this last one hilarious, but it really really wasn’t. Tony said he had to deal with that constantly, but Tony had also lived under constant media surveillance, so he was used to it.
“I’m sorry,” the man said suddenly.
Steve paused for effect. “Someday, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me.”
“Nuh-uh, you own part of it. The lab?”
He was about to ask them how much more there was to see and do before they could at least go back to their accommodation if not fly back to New York altogether when he felt someone grab his arm. He bristled instantly, their security detail immediately popped up next to him, while Nat produced a knife out of nowhere. Once they assessed the situation, they all mostly stood down.
The problem wasn’t that Tony was a man, or even that he was a fellow Avenger, or that he was Howard’s son, or that he was a dick most of the time, or that even if he was remotely attracted to men, he wouldn’t go for Steve’s righteousness and stubbornness and whatever it was that annoyed him about Steve. Oh, wait. Those were the exact problems. Maybe not the Tony being a man part, because Steve always knew he was a bit not-straight. And coming back into the modern day and age, he quickly adjusted to the fact that he didn’t need to stick a label on himself. It was a stark contrast to going into a battle against the Nazis with the distinct thought that some men wear a uniform better than others.
Tony laughed harder. “We have a lot of other things in common, Captain.”
The trip was uneventful, he’d kept his eyes firmly planted on his phone, avoided eye contact, the usual. It still felt like he was doing something clandestine, a forbidden thing of sorts. Which was ridiculous, really. He was over a hundred and a superhero —again, Darcy’s words for whenever he tried to make a point that maybe something wasn’t really okay to do. The trip back to the tower was even more of a thrillride, the parcel burning him through the backpack where he’d stuffed it quickly before heading home.
“Right, right. Cap, you didn’t fuck up. The team, Nat and me, we’re all in this with you. These assholes need to know they can’t do this to their own people.”
Bucky:
“Laid, yes. Truly intimate? No, not since Pepper.”
“True. But you also say things like ‘hip young modern lingo’, so…”
“No, where have you been all my life?” Steve asked, the exchange now a running joke between them, months after that night.
“Nah,” Steve confirms, but his voice is distant, like he’s only half replying. Tony regrets ever mentioning Storm’s name. “Not really,” he adds quietly.
over a table and eat him out for hours. But he can’t, not in that setting, not with everyone listening in. He’d shout it from the rooftops, and he considers it briefly. But then they’re being shot at and he knows his time is limited.
The car ride was oddly quiet compared to the madness Steve experienced before. Inside his mind, however, the war waged on. He fought himself. Hard. He fought memories of being blamed for things. He fought losing his friends and family. His mind supplanted the worst of scenarios and during all of it he stayed quiet, eyes shut and containing the explosions behind his lids.
“Fuck me, I love it when you go all Captain on me and order things. I swear whenever you lead us into any battle, I’m grateful my suit is shaped the way it is because I get so hard it hurts.”
“It’s okay, Steve. I knew you were lying on the phone. But I’m old and look it - unlike others,” she said and sipped her tea for dramatic effect, “and I’m allowed to be selfish and call a national treasure to come fix my bathroom lights and the stupid boiler.”
Steve managed a smile. “Yeah, I think so.”
“Real head of the family,” Bucky said peeking into a bag. “Ah, yeah! Burgers! See Steve? He remembered!”
“You looked like someone was giving you a lap dance,” Natasha joined in without looking up from the papers.
Steve actually shrieked, jumped, reached for his shield, and ultimately fell in a heap on the hard floor.
It filled Steve’s entire body with love. Unbridled, complete and utter love. And somehow, desire. He gently pushed Tony off, moving his legs back down. He made quick work of the man’s remaining clothes, pawing at Tony’s hands. He rolled his tongue out to slap it with Tony’s cock. Obscene. And so so effective. “Please fuck me now,” he said looking up. He had no brainpower for vanity, but he hoped he made for a pretty picture. All flustered from coming hard, ruddy, shining eyes. Tongue lapping at the slit. His cock almost hurt as it started getting hard again. He hoped he – “Do I look like a slut, sweetheart?”
Steve sent a photo.
“Mhm.”
Back in the drinking den, the tv was still on, showing something that looked exceptionally dramatic judging by the number of slaps that happened in the span of a minute while he watched. It must have been one of those soap operas that Darcy told him about. He’d watched a couple of episodes with her one night when she couldn’t sleep. It was in Spanish, and while he wasn’t fluent, he understood enough to make him want to both watch some more and go to bed at the same time.
Can’t breathe.
He moved to pick them up, but Steve grabbed his hand. “Please don’t! I love the cupcakes so much,” he managed.
Keeping his hands off Tony was not an easy task. There was a distinct feeling of anticipation that had settled in his chest. It wasn’t the unpleasantness of anxiety, but it was nerves nonetheless. He chose to focus on the man instead for the elevator ride.
“So help me God, Steve, if you apologise one more time, I’ll actually tie you up and — I’ve got supersoldier-grade ties, you know, I could do it.”
What a concept. Home.
There was no fire he could see - but what if it had been a premonition? He jumped down several stairs at once, praying to his mother’s God that he would be able to find and save Tony in time. He figured Tony could alert everyone else through Friday once he understood the immediate nature of the danger.
He pointedly ignored the bed where Tony slept, or the way the pillow had a slight indentation where the man’s head was. Steve was too gone, he knew he’d thought it before, but this new day brought a new strategy. Rather than ignoring it until it went away – because it clearly wouldn’t go away, maybe (tragically) ever –, he would think it as often as possible until it became so common it wouldn’t be as important. Never out loud though, that made it not only real, but dangerous. Everything was bugged and Tony was everywhere. Apparently paranoia was also a symptom of being horrendously in love with one’s teammate. How amazing.
There was some more fuss once they reached the lobby and as they were led to their suite. Top of the building, ornate beyond good taste, with antique gaudy furniture and gold trimmings. Steve was in awe of the magnitude of the sham they were involved in. He bit his tongue and smiled his best friendly smile for the starry-eyed employees who were timid in their polite request for photos and autographs.
“It’s fate’s hand, Tony, let it go.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve wanted to hug Tony again, but there was a time and a place and probably a limit on how many times they could do that. If Steve had his way he would hug Tony at the smallest of prompts. Oh, Tony woke up? Better hug him. Oh, Tony walked? Better hug him. Now there was a precedent - Steve thought fleetingly there were quite a few of those happening recently - and Steve knew how it felt. Things were not going to get any easier.
Steve bashes it repeatedly with the shield, with what look like calculated hits, partly dismantling it. “I was perfectly relaxed, but you seem determined to annoy the shit out of me today.”
Tony let out a small laugh. “Yeah, I’m okay, come on.”
It was true. He’d practically moved into Tony’s massive suite. But there was a sort of reinforced security in having his own room somewhere in the tower, a safety net just in case everything went to shit. He didn’t like entertaining those thoughts. Steve had no time to reply before the string of messages started pouring in, making him laugh.
“Captain Rogers, sir?”
“The best, darling. The best ever – tongue out, Steve.” He slid his cock down Steve’s throat for a second before he was pulling out, a trail of hot cum filling Steve’s mouth. “Fuck, you’re beautiful, so good for me,” he moaned.
She looked at him slightly awestruck. Steve felt beyond embarrassed. “Oh, Captain Rogers!” She realised she was staring and quickly moved to Tony. “I’m sorry, you’re just very… uhm, big.”
New York was soothing to Steve. It had always been, even back when he was tiny and everything was much bigger and much more overwhelming. People were rushing everywhere, even when they were out for a stroll. Bucky and him used to joke all the time that the world had a different speed in New York.
“Hi, you might know me?” he opened in a fake-uncertain voice. There were laughs around the room. He could feel his phone go off in his pocket and unless they’ve made the fiftieth group chat he hadn’t had a chance to mute yet, this was a private message. He could imagine Bucky’s panicked “steve no” and smiled despite himself. Out of all the ways to get himself noticed by his crush, addressing an entire fucking nation was the worst one. And fair, this wasn’t
Natasha smirked. “You could make it go away completely if you wanted. And I doubt the person doing it is an idiot,” she added.
“Stop me at any time, Tony. I mean it.” When the man nodded, he proceeded. For some reason, it was the most intimate thing Steve had ever done. Indeed, stolen kisses and hurried fucks in closets and standard issue army rooms were not really representative of his experiences with intimacy. He kissed the smooth skin on the most outward part of the area. Then he moved in, touching the scar tissue carefully before placing small kisses on the skin that bordered the arc reactor. His palm was rolling Tony’s right nipple lazily as he licked around the arc reactor.
“Is that a euphemism?”
“I dare you to ask Tony so I don’t have to think of anything right now.”
Steve remembered not to shake his head so he grunted instead. Tony seemed to understand because he kneeled next to him, rubbing his back in comforting circles.
Discovering Bennu was with them in the plane had been a surprise. Steve figured he must have been too distracted to notice the bag Tony was carrying. Because in hindsight, when the bag bleated from the chair opposite the man, the mesh panel on its side was obvious. He looked up at Tony.
“Yeah?” The two fingers he was using to open Steve up were too gentle, too slow. “I want you to ride me. Here on the floor, want you fucking yourself on my cock.” He licked in between the scissoring fingers. “Wanna see you come on my chest and face.” Another finger, the burn was most welcome.
Then hell.
“Shh, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to wake you,” he whispered.
The man was incorrigible. Just perfect for Steve, if not perfect overall, as he often liked to remind both of them. And Steve scoffed every time, who needed perfect anyway? How boring.
“Mood, yeah I know. I heard you the first fifteen times. Come on kid, I’ll get someone downstairs so you don’t have to see him right now? How’s that?”
Even when it got tricky, Steve was determined it would work out. And he was determined no matter what, he would get the guy. And Tony seemed to be on the same page entirely, which honestly? Yay!
“Just… The stage, and the light, and the train, and I couldn’t breathe at all. Who is that woman?”
“Oh, I will.” He bit the inside of Steve’s thigh, licking the pain away immediately.
“No more truths for you, not with that attitude. I will not yield!”
Fast asleep, Tony looked peaceful. Sure, he’d seen the man sleep before. Asleep, in a mild coma, technicalities really. There was a serene look on his face, a cliche Steve had read in each and every bad romance novel he’d come across (and devoured, but those were harsh times, when there was no internet, and if you got a book, any book, you read and reread it until it was disintegrating because the wait for action was excruciating and entertainment was rare and often repetitive and crude and sometimes he just really wanted to read a book.)
“I like your hands in me,” Steve blurted, feeling himself cringe as soon as he’d said it.
“Because it’s fucking insane, that’s why!”
Steve wanted to argue, but he yawned again. “Okay.” He got up and together they dumped everything in the sink in the corner.
“What?”
Tony stopped. Steve felt the dread seep in and he opened his mouth to start begging Tony to forget he’d said anything and keep fucking him with his perfect long calloused fingers when the man spoke. “Fuck me, I love you.”
When it was done he felt tired. Physically tired, which was great because that meant he could sleep on the flight back to New York. Once he’d get back, sleep would evade him but that was a problem for future Steve.
Steve. He deserves it. “His shield! I lost his shield!” Once again he tries to jerk himself free.
“Because I like you. And I want you,” Steve replied simply.
“Steve,” Tony barks, unable to voice any more than that. He wants to, but words get caught in the quicksand of his throat and he’s quieted by the weight of his worst failure. He tries to claw at Bucky’s unyielding hold.
Bucky was throwing Steve the smuggest of looks. “Happy birthday, soldier! So…”
. He’d already touched his cock, but now he was close enough and definitely not pressed by the urgency of mutual release - so he took his time studying it.
how?”
of words just minutes ago, I’d like to know what that was about. Please?”
Tony shoved him playfully. “We know you’re doing it on purpose, Rogers!”
I reiterate what I said in the previous chapter's notes: this is ridiculous even by my standards, it's meant to be funny and witty and it's probably just ooc. Please mind the fact that this is politics-heavy, as in mentions of the political regime of this unspecified country, mentions of Fox News and Breitbart, subtle anti-far-right sentiments. Additionally, this is a hot mess of a chapter, sorry y'all. Mentions of anxiety and panic - if you've read the other parts of this series you know Steve isn't doing great with that. (More anxiety and PTSD-related angst in the next installment.) Also, group chat brought back by popular demand – literally not one person asked for it but it’s cooler to put it this way woo.
He shrieked when he saw the tree, trying to make his wheelchair go faster. “It’s so great,” he said in awe. He turned to Wanda, then to all his teammates gathered around it. “It’s been -”
He’d arranged his papers as the crowd settled and was now ready to go. “I am Captain America.” He paused and unclenched his jaw. “My name is Captain Steve Rogers, I am a founding member of the Avengers. Some may know me as The First Avenger – in all my time, extended as it was, I have fought for the freedom of people from oppression and today I am here to celebrate, along with my fellow Avengers the triumph of democracy in this beautiful country.”
The first moment Steve touched his cock, he was certain he would come. He was high-strung from his little solo play before dinner, then Tony drove him insane without even touching him that much. He was needy and it took all his willpower to not come. He slowly rubbed the head of his cock with his thumb. “You do this to me,” he whispered. “I’m so close to begging, Tony you have no idea.”
“Today, actually. Steve —“
He’d tilted his head the tiniest bit to lock lips with Steve, then pressed enough that all Steve’s words died long before he even thought them. For the first time in a very long time, Steve’s mind was quiet. They were chest to chest, but none of them initiated more touch than that. And while it was a small victory, it also seemed perfunctory, even as Tony’s facial hair tickled Steve’s cheeks and chin, making his lower back tingle.
“Isn’t everything? So?”
He made it to the lab tripping on his own feet. He couldn’t see any lava
“Clint, why?” Natasha’s voice gave away some annoyance, but mostly humour. So at least she liked it somewhat.
Bucky grinned. “But it’s so much fun, Stevie! Besides she looked great, and who was I going to dance with? You? You have eight left feet. You’re like a clumsy spider whenever you even think of a dance floor.” Steve punched him again in the same spot, really hoping it would bruise, at least for a couple of minutes. “You know, when you were just a scrawny kid in Brooklyn and I fought all your fights –"
“Enough to know you’re my favourite!” She walked them back to the coffee table and looked around. “Now, not to seem ungrateful and I’m definitely not eager to see you go in the cold weather, but…”
Vision:
Clint:
“You want to elaborate on that?” The voice was soft and caring, and Steve felt no pressure to share, but he wanted to, he really wanted to tell Tony. “You had a panic attack, didn’t you?”
“It can wait. I don’t think I can.”
“I’ll go move some heavy crap out of the way and then I’ll meet you back at the hotel. Thanks doc! And Tony, you’re not taking the goat,” he said and walked away through the crowd to get to the emergency team.
Jane took a step forward, and Darcy’s hand shot out to catch her shoulder. She tried her best withering glance, but it seemed the good Dr. Foster had gone to the dark side. Steve was proud of his reference, even if he had yet to watch Star Wars. That was a new thing he’d started doing, where he privately googled popular references just so he wouldn’t be lost in conversation. He just hadn’t gotten around to watch everything he missed being frozen, and that made the cheating thought a bit less poignant. Jane nodded at Darcy, and Darcy shook her head, so Jane nodded
“You’re already helping so much,” Steve assured him.
She paused for a second, then went into full business mode, checking Tony’s vitals and pulling out a stethoscope. Her awe seemed to have vanished. “Mister Stark, what were you thinking heading into that building? You could have been seriously injured.”
“Were you naked when you said that?” Steve’s panting is distracting enough without the added visual of his strong arms flexing.
In response, Tony pushed his head down. The movement prompted his throat to engulf Steve’s cock further, and in turn, he lost control of his hips briefly, stuttering in the tight heat. He froze, waiting for a reaction from the man. Tony’s hand gripped his own cock, pumping it lazily.
“Didn’t say straight away,” he repeated in a singsong voice. He threw a cushion on the floor and kneeled in front of Steve. “My joints are as old as you,” he quipped.
“CLINT!”
“It’s me!”
Bruce:
her birthday party. And on top of that, Steve genuinely cared for her and wanted her to have a good time. And she was terrifying. So unless she instigated some group brawl, that was not an option.
The snarky tone prompted Steve to palm his dick, too desperate for release to be embarrassed by openly touching himself, through his pants nonetheless, in front of Tony. “A fan, yeah?”
“No, you won’t. You’ll be good, you’re always so good.”
“You would,” Natasha countered.
“Thanks, Nat.”
“I swear to god,” Darcy said and lifted her head to kiss Bruce again. The warmth in Steve’s chest was back, and maybe he wasn’t dead inside yet. She broke their kiss again, and stayed glued to Bruce’s side as she walked them away. “Thanks, Steve, you’re the best!” she said loudly, and Steve wanted to duck. Everyone who heard her turned to look at him.
“Tony, Tony listen!”
“No!”
Tony mimicked his actions, pushing his t-shirt up as he caressed his stomach and chest. Steve allowed him to pull it off, then had to steel himself when he saw Tony’s hungry look.
He passed her Bennu. “Okay, yeah. You good to take Tony back to the hotel?”
“Captain Sarcasm they should have called you, truly a majestic American feature. Yes, an oven.”
“When we rebuilt this,” he gestured around him, “I put it down with the Avengers as the owners. Then I kept adding people to the list of what the Avengers mean. It’s not a big deal, your name on the papers or not this is your home.” He pushed the turkey symbolically. The bird was huge. “Now carve it and feed us, Captain… Captain? I’ll have to think about it,” he told Steve, and that was the end of it.
Steve loved them all but wanted, really wanted them to fuck off right about then if he was honest. He crossed his arms over his chest, taking his menacing look. “Bucky,” he growled.
Tony chuckled. “I’ll be over here, running simulations as quietly as possible. Feel free to nap for as long as you need.” He clasped his shoulder briefly, then pulled a throw over his feet and went to do some work.
Tony chuckled as he shifted to settle in Steve’s arms. “We’ll discuss that, don’t think we won’t. So, Captain Rogers. Ties, deepthroating, maybe a bit of punishment, what else should I know about?” Steve stayed quiet, grateful his head was above Tony’s and he wouldn’t be able to see how hard he was blushing. “Steve?”
There’s a latent nervousness in the back of his mind, stemming from his inability to see Steve. Until he remembers he can figure that out and asks Friday to get him a visual. He tunes in just in time to watch the man use his shield as he helps Vision move Thor. It’s a bit like watching a movie, shot in shit quality and with the man he loves as an unfortunate protagonist. Steve is being pulled back by an out-of-nowhere larger bot. Tony wants to punch Doom with
“Why do you have to be so stubborn? Literally one more minute, Stark.”
The silence was uncomfortable at best, which put Steve even more on the edge. Even punctured by the frequent fireworks, it seemed deafening. He couldn’t help but turn to look at the way Tony’s face was lit up repeatedly by the bright colours. The scientist’s eyes looked tired and perhaps sad, and Steve’s stomach clenched painfully.
“Steve? Steve are you okay?”
The reply came almost instantly, something he hadn’t counted on given the man’s tight schedule.
They thought Clint’s full mouth might have said “the good news”, but they couldn’t be sure.
Clint:
Tony was giddy. It was written all over his face, as well as in his toe wiggling. “You’re perfect. Beautiful, perfect,” he repeated. “Please, I wanna see.”
“Are you threatening me?” he repeated.
“Sure,” she agreed warmly. “I mean, what’s a charity gala between a couple of friends, right? I do watch the news, you know.”
“Coffee? Please? Take pity on a poor man whose head is bursting with self inflicted pain.”
Darcy grinned and fluttered her lashes. “I guess we’ll find out,” she said and winked at the turkey.
“I love you,” Tony echoed. “You’re wonderful, so good. So good for me, my love. I got you,” he assured. “Breathe now, Steve, you’ve done so well. Shh, I’ve got you.”
“Taaake meee up,” Tony sings, fully aware that he’s as conditioned as Pavlov’s dog when it comes to music. But he nods and grabs Steve’s offered hand once more. “Need a lift, babe?” he asks and giggles like an idiot.
“Can I suck you off, darling? Want to see if you can make my throat bulge like that?” He slid down, licking down from his bellybutton to the hair at the base of his cock.
“You were,” he had to shut his eyes for this. “You were – anniversary, I think? I was in a meeting, we both were I think – fuck, and the people were faceless and you were hiding under my desk and,
Steve considered the situation for a second. “What’s your name, son? You work for Pepper Potts, right?”
“Of course.”
“A Thor,” Tony exclaimed.
“They should have called you Captain Wonder for your ability to astonish me.”
“I want you,” Tony whispered. “I want you naked with me, on top of me, in me, open and needy for me.” He ground his hips once sharply. “I want to come home to you and wake up with you.” More grinding. Steve could feel how hard he was. “I want to know what makes you tick, what makes you moan, what makes you growl –”
“Hold your cock for me,” Tony instructed.
Tony smiled back and it warmed Steve’s heart. “Is that for me?”
“I’ll sneak in and do it tomorrow. I probably won’t sleep for long anyway,” he sighed.
He took Bennu in his arms with some inkling of clairvoyance, perhaps Matilda had rubbed off on him, because as soon as they were met by their teammates, Steve was highly aware he would need the emotional support. Clint was wearing the upper part of a costume of his, cowl on and everything, completed by Powerpuff Girls pyjama bottoms. Steve sighed.
“She likes you,” Tony whispered.
Ben leaned back and looked at Steve. “Is that okay?”
“What was the first thing you said to him when you first... bleated?” Natasha asked.
“What’s a — it’s so soft!” Steve was reluctant to put it on. Upon closer inspection, it had some faded writing that said “my favourite scientist says you’re wrong”.
“She says she’d like to tell you about your future,” Nat informed him. “She’s been travelling with her family all her life.”More Russian. “She says she can see something about your love life. It’s unfulfilled and you’re still waiting for someone.” The woman explained something further. “Someone with dark hair and –”
“So beautiful,” Bruce agreed with shining eyes. “She has this small smile on sometimes and a frown on her left side when something doesn’t make sense. And her face lights up when she talks about something she’s interested in.”
“Well, last night when I didn’t sleep?”
“Don’t you Darcy me! With your stupid curly hair and your glasses,” she took a deep breath when Bruce unconsciously pushed them back up on his nose, “and your rolled up sleeves, and your kindness, and your smiles! Acting like you can decide what’s best for me.” Bruce had the decency to flinch at her accusation, his face flushed at her aggressive compliments.
“You screwed up. You know what you did was wrong —“
“You alright?” He could see Natasha’s outline in the backlit crack in the door.
“Tell me there’s a leash that comes with this.”
“Did you win?” Tony asked with a smile.
A newspaper. New York Times in Tony Stark’s hand. One of Steve’s main connections to his past.
The man was opening his legs further now, inching in closer to his cock, now half hard once more. “Can you move them back on the arms?”
“Friday, patch me through to wherever Clint Barton is in the tower.”
“Name one,” Steve challenged.
Tony mumbled in her hand before gently removing it and clearing his voice. “And when would this photoshoot take place, Christmas is happening soon in case you missed the memo,” he said and waved frantically towards the large tree.
“I need you to give me a way to mute you,” Rhodey groans, flying by their side. “Please!”
“Okay, okay yeah,” he exhaled. “I’m gonna help you up a bit and move you around for another bit and then it’ll get better,” he explained.
“No.” So close to giving in.
Steve tried. He tried, his mind reeling, body frozen. Tony was there, Tony was there and safe and he was trying to comfort Steve instead of the other way around. So Steve focused as hard as he could and managed to grasp back Tony’s hands.
“On it!”
They stayed on the balcony trading barbs until Steve felt stable enough to go back in. Bucky knew to stop pushing for answers, and focused on insults and jokes instead. He mentioned wishing he had a cigarette, and Steve agreed despite only trying to smoke once and nearly dying in the process.
“What?”
“No!” she countered. “No! We have been fighting for this for months, doing whatever little we can to show it is fucked up, sorry!” And then more Russian, but angry this time and he recognised a couple of curse words. She seemed upset.
“People just don’t believe I’m me!” He shrugged. “And with my luck, I’d just end up accidentally hooking up with some villain who would kidnap me and I just know I wouldn’t ever live it down. None of you would let me.”
Bruce choked on his drink. “Dr Foster wouldn’t…?”
“I don’t have a fridge. Bye.”
“Doing what?”
Nat got up and hugged his head tightly to her torso. “My poor baby,” she said in a cooing voice, “how do you live like this? I mean, look at the bright side, you could spend half a century with your dick frozen,” she added and pressed a kiss on his head before sitting back down.
“I thought you haven’t seen ‘Lord of the Rings’?”
“Well, it’s not like we can do crosswords in front of them,” Tony offered, the last couple of words slurred by a huge yawn.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Not even gonna entertain that.” But Nat had more patience than he did in staring contests, and besides, he had shit to sort out, preparations to see to. “For Christ’s sake. You,” he pointed to her, “have been putting aside gifts every year, waiting for when you can give them to him. You”, he pointed to Bucky, “if you sharpen that knife with the wooden handle I
“The best,” Steve agreed.
“You’re okay, darling. I got you,” Tony whispered when he saw him frown.
He managed a few hours of sleep before dragging himself out of bed. He was just getting dressed for the day when Darcy burst into his room, Bruce in tow. She wasn’t at the meeting he called the day before, and he figured Bruce brought her up to speed.
So there was a serene look on his face, complete with adorable nose scrunching and subsequent resettling into the seat. His head bent backwards a bit, trying to reach a comfortable spot, and Steve felt his eyes water with the strain of not blinking. Because Tony’s throat bulged just the tiniest bit, but it was enough for the onslaught of thoughts and feelings, and the more he looked the more Steve wanted to just kiss the curve of the man’s neck, and nibble on the tendons there. He sighed.
“Just text him, Stevie,” Bucky said casually.
“He made it,” Bruce said with an eye roll.
“Oh, okay! So Natasha and I raided the mini bar cause we both napped on the way, and both our sleeping schedules are completely fucked. And we gave up on the tv after the cables were actually part of the old set and really for a VHS, who even uses that anymore -”
“I know the guy who makes some of these, made a couple of phone calls, Pepper may have to go on a date with him but all in all, it was a good deal,” he explained.
Marjorie gave him a watery smile. “What could your Avengers want with an old lady?”
“Are they going to be investigated?” Steve asked, watching Nat pet the goat. “Her name is Bennu courtesy of this one here,” he nodded towards Tony.
“Tony…”
“What?”
Tony moved to lick his pulse point, then up behind his ear. “My mind has been full of nothing else but you. I’ve spent hours, nights, trying to figure out how to explain that I am… that I feel so… And in the end, I figured I don’t…” He stopped and chose to trace Steve’s outer shell with his tongue.
“Is your fridge running?”
“Okay, what is up with you and all these puns?” Tony asked.
“How?” Steve asked, touching the metal on the goat’s legs almost reverently.
Steve’s concentration was gone, and he missed one of the targets to the crowd’s dramatic ‘oooh’. He paused. “Oh,” he sighed, frowning at Tony.
Tony laughed and tapped his thigh again. “On all fours, come on. If you’re able to flirt with me, I’m not doing a good enough job distracting your brain.” When Steve didn’t comply, too busy humping into the bed like a horny teenager, Tony’s hand came down harder on his asscheek. Then his fingers plunged back into Steve, pressing him down into the mattress with the force.
“You know the cold doesn’t affect me,” he interrupted.
Steve smiled. “Come on, let’s put these away. Dibs on doing the dishes.”
“Oh, hi Me. I’m sleeping now, bye bye.”
“You’re joking, right?”
There was a loud “HA!” from the sofa where Bucky and Clint were racing what looked like really expensive cars. Steve sighed and picked the silver tinsel from a bag. “Why don’t you start with this and we’ll see from there?”
“Oh my god,” he whisper-shouted. He couldn’t help but laugh. They were such idiots. “Oh my god, fuck off all of you!”
“Like what you see?” Tony chuckled, repeating the words he’s said earlier. That morning felt like years before.
Much love xx
“Did he hang up?”
“So, Stevie. Should I get Stark to dance with me as well? It seems to be working tonight,” he said and Steve could
Outside, the snow had some fairy tale qualities to it, falling down peacefully with large snowflakes that were sure to stick to everything. Steve wasn’t fond of the snow or the ice, or even the cold really, but it bathed the room (and subsequently Tony) in some dreamy-fairy-crap light and Steve found that he could start liking it.
Steve snapped. Something inside him snapped, he could feel it travelling all through his body, landing at the base of his cock where his balls had drawn up. His muscles locked and he knew he was coming because he felt Tony’s calloused hand on his cock. The strokes were punishing, forcing his orgasm to go on and on. Tony was kissing his temple, into his hair. “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” he croaked.
Tony:
“What are you doing?” Steve asked, his hands full of bags.
“What?”
“Yeah,” Steve replied.
Dear God, he was a
“What the fuck?” Peter whispered. A choir of admonishments followed. “What? Cap swears!”
, and Steve couldn’t fathom appearing weak in front of Tony. Not more than he’d already done. He stayed quiet.
Steve had joined his tight fist with his lips, and a particular sharp twist was what pushed Tony over the edge. Warm come filled his mouth and he swallowed it greedily, loving the way Tony’s hips bucked helplessly as he pulled away from his dick. He moved up on the bed; Tony was shaking, his head thrown back. He gently pushed him down so he was lying on his back.
“Why would you even be in detention? And wow, Mr. Barton, way to make me feel old, kid.”
The sound of Tony’s voice was a balm. He managed to open his eyes, found a corner of the room, then another. He moved enough to look at Tony’s face. “You promised you’d fuck me,” he said.
“Okay, fine!” Peter scurried out, pulling Shuri with him.
“We’re getting to that,” Tony informs him. The street below is flooded with more bots, and he’s so over this fight, especially since his mind is reeling with Steve-scenarios. He wonders briefly if this is what being a writer feels like. He’s ready to be home, cuddled up to Steve’s naked body, watching Tangled. “Thor, get me some power, buddy.”
Steve pulled on his hair, eliciting another chuckle. “Yes,” he replied through gritted teeth.
“I’m gonna come,” Tony groaned through clenched teeth. “Please, oh please, my darling beautiful –” He finished that sentence in a long moan, curling inward to hold on to Steve’s hair.
The clench of his hole was completely involuntary. Steve was pretty sure so was Tony’s moan. He bent forward and spat filthily on his cock, unable to look anywhere else but at Tony biting his lips. He started stroking himself again, locking eyes with Tony. “God, I want you,” he sighed.
“Yes. Now, please. Let me –”
Next to his ear, there’s a metal-on-metal sound. He looks. Fingers. Barnes.
Tony sneered. “Fine. But I won’t have anything nice to say about you,” he warned.
“No!”
Steve sighed. “Incoming,” he warned. With a fluid motion, he lifted Tony over his shoulder and carried him out in the kitchen. Unusual, but the close proximity was soothing, and Steve was a glutton for it; and for not being able to have more than stolen touches, it seemed.
Some of the kids looked up and their eyes widened dramatically before they ran up to him. They all stopped just shy of jumping up into his arms, and turned back to look at Tony. “Go on, he’s not gonna get mad at you! Are you kidding me, this is Captain America! You could shoot at him and he’d still hug you!”
It was easily Steve’s favourite thing in the world. “Fuck, that feels so good!” He was unable to decide if he wanted to push back on Tony’s fingers or up into his mouth, so his body decided for him, starting a rocking motion that made him moan, his throat hoarse with panting.
“Okay, you’re doing this on purpose now,” Tony concluded, ignoring Natasha’s guwaffs.
. He could feel his throat constrict and he knew he wouldn’t be able to talk even if a woman wasn’t currently attached to his face.
“What would you like to know, darling?” Despite the full sentence, Tony was far from being fully coherent. Steve could see the way his eyes were glossed over with lust, the beads of sweat on his forehead.
Steve’s anxiety roared in the dead center of his stomach. Tony’s idea of being alone suddenly didn’t seem so terrible anymore. After he and Bucky became friends, his mother used to say they had some sort of cosmic connection that would drive her mad one day. That was probably what brought Bucky to his side casually leaning on the same wall Steve was using as a prop.
“Are you really?”
It turned out the tv wasn’t connected to anything, so it showed a bright black screen with instructions in a language neither of them spoke. Tony sighed and went to unplug it “before it caught fire”. The initial gasp and then the second and third louder and more pronounced gasps signalled Steve he should offer his undivided attention.
He shrugged and gave Darcy a quick look. “It’ll be fine. I figure even the Other Guy knows better than to ruin Christmas.”
If Tony died – but he couldn’t think about it. He couldn’t think about it because he would pass out with grief. And if he passed out with grief who was going to help Tony? He hated the heat, but he could put up with it better than others. The smell of farm animals mixed with the smell of burnt
“Told you he’d see the light,” Tony told Natasha and laughed when Steve shoved him as well.
“Not like that! I mean, yes, like that too. I was thinking of our recent interactions.” He continued kissing up on the inside of Steve’s calf, speaking in between kisses. “Sometimes I can be… not-nice. Sarcastic, maybe.”
It wasn’t the first time he’d seen Natasha transform herself. Sometimes the change was instantaneous, like when something irked her to the point where her face hardened, other times it was studious, like when she would go deep undercover and needed to actually become someone else. But this right now was a casual-to-business mood that was unprecedented. Not at this speed, and not so completely done. She wore perfectly tailored clothes, and her hair and makeup were flawless as far as he could tell – no dark circles and a subtle glow. Youtube was a wonderful land of tutorials and he was proudly knowledgeable in the steps needed to achieve various styles of makeup. Also, he would not actually be able to explain why he knew this if asked. But Natasha was perfect, poised and ready to take on the world, and the ridiculous sentimental side of Steve shook with contentedness.
“Go away, Jones, we’re not in the mood,” Tony said tiredly.
