The best crimes are committed when everyone is distracted. It was during the Quidditch game that third year Slytherin Susan Marlowe vanished, leaving no trace of where she had gone.
“You like him.”
"What are you doing J-
“Fine, hold onto your childish anger.” Mycroft rolled his eyes. “But go save the souls of the men at war. They have done nothing to harm you.”
In another part of London, another dragon watched the CCTV with narrowed eyes, focusing on the little blond slave at Sherlock Holmes’ side.
“But true.” He argues. “You weren’t interested in her. You’re too oblivious when people flirt with you, and she is too idiotic to not notice that.”
Lestrade nodded slowly, the glassiness in his eyes having nothing to do with the alcohol now. “Of course, master.” He breathed, baring his neck.
“Of course you have.” Sherlock lied.
, was all Sherlock could think, blinking down at him.
“Good to know you’re not as idiotic as the rest of the force.” Sherlock commented dryly, turning away from the yellow police tape that blocked his path.
“Be gone, mad man.” Sherlock chuckles, and Watson laughs along with him.
“You’re not unbearable.” John admitted.
"Ah...I haven't gotten to that yet..."
“It’s truly impressive.”
“Right. Done.”
It takes almost a full minute for me to comprehend what I am seeing, and by that point Sherlock has stopped struggling, and is now snogging Victor quite enthusiastically. And it’s not as if I can look away. The sight is so surprising and terrible that I can’t stop watching, but what really gets to me is how much it
“That is exactly how he did it.” Mummy laughed, looking happier than Sherlock had ever seen her. “Now, next year you’ll have to bring this Gregory fellow.”
"Oh, don't look so upset," Mrs Hudson patted his cheek, looking absolutely thrilled now. "I know exactly where he's gone off to."
“Please, Mycroft. I-“
“I love you too, John.” Sherlock said, leaning his forehead against John’s, sharing his air. “I missed you these past couple of months.”
"Right, we just have a few questions for you. A few people told me that Oliver Jones was your boyfriend. Is that true?"
“That’s not John Watson.” Mummy scoffed. “His name is Victor Trevor, and he is my son’s boyfriend.”
"I wish I could say the same about you, Johnny, but I can't." Jim sighs dramatically. "You ruined all my plans, and that's made me a bit angry."
"Tell me John, have you seen a lot of violent deaths?"
"Any good?"
“Lord, are you two really that stupid?” A voice jarred John out of his embarrassed thoughts. He turned to see Mary there, rolling her eyes and grinning.
“Yes, he is.” Donovan answered bluntly. “We’ll get out of your hair now. Happy Christmas.”
I look over Sherlock’s shoulder, trying to figure out what he’s doing. Apparently Facebook is a valuable tool for solving murders.
"Sherlock, John, I need to talk to you both. Now." Lestrade sounded sharper than normal, and he looked exhausted.
"That's not an answer," John replied. "Just tell me to stop, and I will."
“No, he’s a guest!” Sherlock said earnestly. “He can’t be running errands for us!”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John.” Sherlock rolled his eye. “I’m trying to figure out who would have motive to kill Powers. Tell me, when he hit on you yesterday, was anyone around to see it?”
“Martha?” He asked, raising an eyebrow. David said nothing, but John could detect a hint of red on his cheeks before he answered gruffly.
“Second hand store.” I tell him, looking down at my multi-coloured jumper. “In London. My mum bought it for me as a ‘first day of school’ gift.”
"I met your dad," I say as soon as I get close enough to him.
“So…Anthea?”
"You're an
“That is no way to talk to a client.” Mummy admonished. “It’s no wonder you’re lacking them. Clients, that is. No one wants to go to a detective that is so rude.”
"I'm going to fail," A voice groaned from two stacks over, cutting through the silence of the library like a sharp knife. The person sounded miserable, and Sherlock frowned as he looked for the source of the voice, trying to understand why it sounded so familiar. "God, I can't
"Oh." Sherlock's insides felt warm, and he blinked down at John. "Excellent. Yes. Good. Me too, of course."
"Have fun," Sherlock said.
A fifth year Ravenclaw prefect was glaring at the two of them, his watery eyes narrowed behind wire rimmed glasses.
"You are stubborn," Sherlock groused.
“No.” John snapped shortly. “I’m not going back to that blasted estate.”
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded. “But you will get better. You will be invalided, and sent home to London.”
“Sherlock bloody Holmes!” John shouted as soon as Sherlock entered the flat. He had gotten his chains removed a week ago, and no matter how many times Sherlock had tried to dissuade him, he insisted on straightening up the flat.
"Ugh, you sound like Sherlock." Victor wrinkles his nose. "Don't do that. It's weird."
Sherlock looked over at John for the first time since he had entered the library. "You...you have a crush on me?"
"Extraordinary," John said, and Sherlock turned his focus to John's face. Not lying. "Simply extraordinary."
“Are you…dating him?”
“He’ll be in soon.” Sherlock said, allowing Mummy to wrap her arms around him, pulling him into an uncomfortably tight hug.
He was just about to doze off, figuring that John would come up to bed when he had finished his failed search, when he heard the tell-tale click of the front door to the estate.
I cannot believe the feedback on this story. I had posted this story in the middle of a terrible weekend. I had no wifi, I kept getting lost, and I was just really down. Right after the second time I got lost, I quick ran into a Caribou Coffee (which is kind of like Starbucks, but better) and posted it. It wasn't until the next afternoon when I managed to find a restaurant with wifi (in the midst of getting lost again) that I saw the wonderful feedback. You have no idea how much you brightened my entire month. Seriously, I love each and every one of you, and I desperately hope that the coming chapters are up to your desires.
“Yes. It seemed like I had a better shot with him. He was a solider.” Sherlock smiled innocently.
Sherlock huffed out a breath, moving across the room and pulling out his violin, tuning it quickly before tossing it on his bed. Playing wouldn't do him any good now.
Of course, it was always important to pay attention all the time, a fact John had to apparently learn the hard way. With his nose buried in his map, he didn’t notice the other person in front of him until it was far too late. He collided with a boy slightly taller than himself, sending them both sprawling to the floor.
“He wasn’t pursuing me.” John insisted. “A bit flirtatious, I suppose, but nothing untoward. When did he boyfriend die?”
"Hello," I say politely as I try not to breath. The guy smells like he bathed in beer before coming here, and not the expensive stuff either.
The look that the creature shot at the politician told Sherlock all he needed to know.
John, instead of answering, pulled a velvet box out of his jeans, kneeling in front of a now gaping Sherlock.
“You’re free to go.” Was the first words out of the guard’s mouth that morning. The Holmes family blinked at him collectively, confusion written on each of their faces. It had been a long, quiet night, and Sherlock felt like he was going to explode from all the unspoken tension.
“So, Harry…”
." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock watched as officers proceeded to handcuff his parents, who were too shocked to react properly. The officers began to lead them to the front doors, John trailing along behind them, looking helpless.
"Err...I suppose so, yes."
"Oh, he's not home," Mrs Hudson said. "He left a while ago."
I watch as Mike darts out of the room as quickly as he came, and Sebastian is looking at the candy cane in my hand with confusion.
"Like, right away," Molly continued. "You don't want him finding out from anyone else."
“I didn’t realise that there were other angels besides Mycroft.” Sheol mused. “Do you know him?”
"Quite right." Greg said. "Sherlock is like my brother, and I do not want to see him hurt."
"That's my son," DI Lestrade replies, grinning. "You friends?"
“I love you very much, mummy, but I am finding a new planet to live on.” Sherlock told her, and he hung up before she could say anything else. Sherlock may have been only eight sun-cycles old, but he was already more intelligent than other boys his age.
“That one?” A handler asked, looking at Sherlock if he was insane. Perhaps he was. “That’s Captain John Watson.”
Sure enough, the boy named Henry looked as though he were about to doze off. I walk away from him quickly, choosing to sit next to the two boys instead.
“How poetic.” Sherlock said drily. “But I do believe you’re about to fall asleep. If you ever feel the urge to escape again, please try to take a more interesting path. I do like a challenge, you know.”
“With fuzzy pink handcuffs?”
“Really, Sherlock. I thought you would be over this whole
"Anyway," She continued after a moment. "It might have all turned out well for him. I've found him a blind date. Or...well, Mike Stamford has."
The angel shook his head, the small smirk still tugging at his lips.
"Don't lie to me," Sherlock scoffed. "I won't tell anyone. Your family disapproves of your danger streak, but you've been getting riskier as you've gotten older-"
"John Watson." The man said by way of greeting.
could observe better?" John asked.
So, it was with a heavy heart that he found himself standing in front of the flat he had once shared with John. The windows were dark, and Sherlock could practically see the emptiness inside them. John would have left hours ago, and he was most likely home safe with his family once more.
John rolled his eyes, a small smile still on his lips. “Her name is-”
"We originally had ocean-like protection in there for him," another scientist said, glancing at the first. "But he refused to come out for further study. We had no choice to sedate him and remove the obstacles for now."
“Yes.” The handler replied warily, keeping an eye on John as if he might attack. John just rolled his eyes in response, choosing to glare ahead of him at the treatment.
Jim reaches over and grabs Sebastian's hand, giving it a thankful squeeze. "I didn't mean anything by it, John. I promise."
“Thank god you’re here!” She chirped, setting a small latte on the counter and calling out the recipient’s name. “I was worried that you had decided to leave for your parents place early.”
“We have to be going now.” Mary said, tugging on John’s jumper. He stood, letting her loop an arm around his. “Wedding shopping to do, and all that.
"Do you really believe that this
"Yes and no," Sherlock replied. "When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they come to me. Other than that, I take only cases that interest me."
I always wanted a fic where the humans were the slaves instead of the dragons, so here you are! (Hmm, seriously debating on continuing this one. What do you think? Yea or nay?)
"No, I was born an angel." Sherlock said. "I fell during the great war."
"Not particularly," Watson replied, "as I now know I'm in the presence of a vampire."
*****
The car that had been following him was attempting to run him off the road.
It is several days before Sheol talks to them again.
half giant looming over all the students. Several older students waved at him, calls of
“It was hardly difficult.” He says, lighting the fag. “I cornered Lestrade before our physical education class. While questioning him on his opinions of the current market, I stole his phone. Sure enough, he had your number. I memorised it before giving his mobile back to him.”
Sherlock stared down at the fluffy pink handcuffs in shock before he began to laugh, covering his face with his hands.
“But how can you see me?” The ghost asked, standing up slowly, as if
"I'm sorry to bother you, but all the other compartments are taken. I was wondering..." She trailed off, looking at the empty seat in front of Sherlock with hope.
"What?" John blinked up at him.
When he does, he learns that the woman, Eve, is with child. Happy at the prospect of new friends, Sheol forgets the harsh words of Adam and Eve, hoping that this new child will accept him more readily than it's parents.
"What do you mean,
“Come on, let’s get the rest of these boxes into the flat. They won’t carry themselves, you know.”
"He disappeared the same way Susan Marlowe did?" Madam Pince asked.
“You always have a choice.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Now let’s go. The game is on!”
"Not that it would do any good," Mycroft sniffed. "He apparently doesn't know your real name."
That was, until the human boy startled him.
“Of course you won’t.” John said. “Because I’ll have you arrested.”
“Could we stop this little love fest, Lestrade?” Donovan sighed, grabbing Sherlock and putting him in handcuffs. “We do have a crime to stop, or have you forgotten?”
"He's not my boyfriend," John said.
"No, it's fine," John said. "Take it."
“Calm down, he’s here to assist me.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, marching over to the body on the ground. John followed him, smirking when a few of the dragon’s backed away.
“They like you better than they like me!” Sherlock finally spluttered.
“That’s pretty nifty.” Sebastian says, a small grin on his face.
"Doctor John Watson," Molly supplied.
Sherlock's mobile began to ring, halting John's hesitant speech. He sighed, shoulders slumping as if in defeat.
"But I can," Irene cut John of with a wave. "I'm not going to sit here and watch you two dance around each other like some tacky rom-com."
“I think the same old Sherlock is brilliant.” John blurted out, feeling as surprised as everyone else looked. “Sure, he can be a bit bossy, and sometimes it’s hard to tell that he cares, but he’s…well, he’s special.”
“Oh, shut up.” I say with a roll of my eyes. My mobile chooses at that moment to beep, a welcome relief from Sherlock’s scrutiny. “One moment, I have to take this.”
"You distracted me," Sherlock answered honestly.
John groaned, rubbing his hand over his face. How do you tell someone that their dead boyfriend is planning on killing them?
“More is the pity.” Sherlock shook his head gravely. “I may be dead, but at least I know a hideous outfit when I see one.”
"Yuuup!" He responds cheerfully to the question. "M'name 's Oliver Jones."
"Yeah, this wasn't exactly how I had hoped to tell you." John said, his face flushing a magnificent red.
“I was planning on buying yours right now.” I reply sweetly, and Victor’s hundred watt smile is back on his face.
"Oh!" John brightened, grinning easily at Sherlock. "Yeah he did. Ta for that, by the way. I didn't realise that you cared so much."
“Sorry to say you won’t be the best anymore.” Greg says as Mike calms down. “We’ve got a genius in the class.”
"Is it not enough to know that you were right?" Sherlock asked, "That I would enjoy dating?"
John stared at the three of them for a few moments longer before turning around and walking away. Sherlock could vaguely hear him mutter something about the sanity of his parents before his feet sounded on the stairs.
Sherlock stopped mid-rant, his eyes widening in shock. He had no intention on stopping at the wedding announcement page, but the picture at the top right caught his eye.
John blinked at him a few times, confusion flitting across his face. Sherlock wondered if John would vocal with his displeasure, or physical. Perhaps he would leave before Sherlock could explain that he wasn't his date, a thought that oddly satisfying. The idea of Tom and John going on a date was suddenly hateful, and Sherlock couldn't figure out why.
Nothing but the hallucination he had had while he had been dying.
Only one chapter left!
"You do!" Tom clapped his hands together. "Oh, this is marvellous!"
“Victor decided to get back together with Sherlock.” I explain, and the two boys hiss in sympathy.
Sherlock blinked at him in confusion, searching John's face to detect lies. When none was obvious, he settled back into his seat, as if to process John's words. John watched him with faint amusement, glad to have rendered Sherlock speechless, if only for a moment.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what he could do to convince John to play the doting boyfriend, however. He lay in their bunkroom, trying desperately to think of how to break John out of his shell when a voice whispered from the top bunk:
Apparently, this was the wrong thing to say. John stared at Sherlock for a full thirty seconds, his mouth opening and closing like a fish on land.
“How did you…oh, right. I’m sure it was on the paperwork.” John reached up, touching his shoulder where a bite from a fully transformed dragon had marred the skin.
“Oh great!” Victor sounds pleased. “See Sebby, dear! Johnny isn’t mad at you!”
"Oh, thank you so much!" The girl beamed at him, dragging her trunk into the compartment and placing it next to Sherlock's. "My name is Molly Hooper. It's nice to meet you!"
It's my birthday and I'll cry if I want to. You would cry too if you
I’m cut off with another kiss, this one far tenderer than the last. When Sherlock backs off this time, he’s smiling brilliantly.
"Yes, yes. Love is a disadvantage and all that." He snapped at his brother, who merely raised an eyebrow.
"Very well," Mycroft said, standing from his seat. "If you change your mind, Dr Watson, the offer is always on the table."
John opened the door, and was halfway out when a brilliant thought struck Sherlock. His spirits lifted again, and he turned towards the open door.
“Moved here from Afghanistan. My dad was in the army.” I explain quickly, “We lived there for four years…so since I was 12.”
“Right. Right.” John nodded, running a hand through his hair. “I accept.”
“Hello there.” John said, glancing around for Jim’s crazy ghost boyfriend, happy when he didn’t see him.
"Oh good, cause we found something on The Wall that'll-"
"Ha." He said, grabbing the newspaper and beginning to flip through it. "It's a fool’s holiday, contrived to convince people to purchase more candy. It has no import to the daily lives of-"
"Oh, just comparing this Christmas to last." John chuckled.
The rest of the journey to Hogwarts was fairly uneventful, as Molly kept Sherlock from doing anything too troublesome. So when the train finally ground to a halt, Sherlock was practically leaping out of his seat in boredom.
“Jealous?” Sherlock sounded affronted. “Why would I be jealous,
He held up his left hand as he straightened, the gold band glinting.
"Neither am I," John said. "Which is why I figure I can see ghosts, so I can be the bad guy."
“Naturally,” John chuckled, gesturing for him to continue his story.
“Yes, fine.” Sherlock grabbed his glass of wine, staring at the red liquid in deep thought. “When I was younger, probably eight or nine, my family spent Christmases in our regular home near London. We didn’t own the estate yet.”
"-cruel to have the tank empty?" Sherlock heard one scientist say as she observed the creature.
John Watson was a mediator. Not only could he see the dead, but he could talk and touch them as well, a fact that got him into a lot of trouble in his old school. He had discovered this ability at the tender age of five when his grandfather showed up in his room. He had excitedly ran down the hall, grandpa in tow, to show his parents who had come to visit, but they couldn’t see him. Grandpa had smiled at John sadly, then promptly vanished. He figured out very quickly that he should keep that particular ability a secret.
"Weren't you cheating on him?" Sebastian interjects.
"It can't wait, Sherlock," Lestrade sighed. "There's a man dead in the London Aquarium. We need you now."
“Boys! Dinner is ready, and- good lord, you two aren’t smoking out here, are you?” She demanded, looking upset.
Like, I always had my hair spiked, and then two years ago Victor decided that spiked hair was
“If I had known that all those bruises and cuts came from ghosts and not fights-” Ann began, promptly cut off by her son.
"Where are we?" Sherlock asked, trying to focus on the body hovering above him.
“You are trying to throw away yourself because of one idiot king?” Mycroft asked, his eyebrows raising. “He was never your soul-mate, Sheol.”
“Oh, god no.” Victor chuckles and rolls his eyes. “I never buy them, I just get them. Which reminds me, I better get one from you!”
Hopefully no one else would get hurt.
As he began walking away from the crowd, a piece of cloth was flung over his eyes, completely blinding him. He let out a startled yelp, which was cut off as a hand covered his mouth, pulling him into what Sherlock assumed was an alley. He struggled against his captor, reaching out to push against their solid body. He deduced that kidnapper was approximately six inches shorter than him, though a good deal stronger.
“I don’t kill just for the sake of killing.” John said. “I regret the deaths of those dragons that I killed. I don’t like what I did.”
John blinked over at Sherlock, who had already gotten out of the car and was now looking back at him with an amused expression.
be dangerous?”
“Your secret is safe with me.” I reply gently, and Sebastian is placated once more.
"John Watson? Detective Inspector Lestrade."
“I didn’t like anyone at the time, but it made Mummy happy to think me in a committed relationship.” Mycroft replied.
"Of course I'm fine," Sherlock tried to snap, annoyed with himself when it came out so weakly.
“I’m the key-master.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And I take my job very seriously.”
Less than five minutes later, McGonagall returned for them. She led them out of the room and into The Great Hall.
And with that, he departed in a whirl of his coat.
“Sherlock!” Siger greeted.
John opened his mouth to tell Sherlock off, but he was interrupted by a low buzzing sound. Sherlock's hand lifted, stopping anything John was going to say in its tracks.
"You took ages." Sherlock complained looking up from his prone position on the bed. "I was starting to think you-"
Lestrade merely made a frustrated noise.
John hung up, grinning over at Sherlock. "He was checking up on me, making sure everything was going alright."
"Of course it was!" Sherlock said. "Why would I lie about that?"
“Why on earth would you want me as an assistant?” Watson asked, suspicion clouding his features. “I’m just a blond.”
Lookie lookie! An update!
Sherlock blinked at John rapidly, looking a bit lost. It was heart breaking, and absolutely adorable. "But you...trust issues."
“I was going to propose, Mary.” John said earnestly, and he heard a small intake of breath. “I wouldn’t have left Higbies for anything less than being kidnapped, because I was going to ask you to be my wife. Do you understand now?”
I arrive at St. Bart’s, surprised to see the place swarming with all different kinds of emergency personnel. I wonder if Sherlock went and got hurt, but before the fear can fully form, I spot the tall brunette arguing with a police officer.
"Piss off," Sherlock said, making John laugh softly.
Sherlock smiled fondly at his friend before turning off his telescope for the night, pleased to see his friend once more.
“Present.” His voice is just short of seething. “I don't suppose you're throwing a going away party for me? Thought not.” Standing, Hudson walks to the door, holding out his arms for the shackles. “I'm really going to miss you all.”
Sherlock didn't respond, choosing instead to inspect the flat. John rolled his eyes and continued in his task, only finishing when the tub was sparkling.
“Here?” Sherlock asked, looking around the small but cosy room.
“I didn’t have any green, so I had to borrow something.” I say quickly, trying to look unaffected. It’s really quite mortifying, though.
Strapped quickly to the bed of black-and-white, Hudson sighed, the vile thoughts settling down into mere musings. As the needle pierces his skin, he thinks back again to his lovely wife, the beauty he left on Baker Street.
"She just stopped existing," John finished for him, looking grim.
He kept busy after that, gathering the necessary supplies for John's escape. Hot wiring one of Mycroft's pretentious black cars, he lined the boot with heavy duty plastic. After testing it out, he filled the boot with water, then sat down and waited.
"I...I didn't actually tell you I was Tom..." Sherlock said rather meekly.
"It was nothing." Sherlock spluttered as Father hugged him as well.
“You have his soul.” Mycroft commented lightly, noting the tears running down his face. “I’m sorry, Sheol, there’s nothing I can do. You removed his soul before his time.”
Sherlock ducked his head, face red in shame. The room is oppressively silent, and he just wants to go home and sleep for about a year.
“Who was it?” I ask, and Sherlock looks over at me, his face grim.
call big brother!" Jim says cheerfully. He seems like he's in control of the situation, but I see his steady aim falter, as if unsure of who to point the gun at.
We walk out, and the catcalls began. It takes every ounce of effort I have not to cover my chest and run back out. I peeked over at the Plastics, copying the devilish smirks they had on their faces.
“I can’t believe you think I like to gossip.” Sebastian’s deep voice shocks me slightly. Apparently he had been listening in.
“And you came anyway?” There was a softness to John’s gaze that Sherlock couldn’t explain.
“Don’t be hurt, Sheol!” Otto said, closing the distance once more. “I plan to break it off with her. I don’t know her, nor do I love her.”
“Guard your heart, Sheol.” Greg said wisely. “Do not let it go unprotected.”
"Thank you, Sherlock. I had...I had a really good time."
"I believe your kind thinks of me as a terrorist." John replied. "But yes."
“Oh, I don’t remember.” Sherlock replied easily. “Something dreadfully boring. Does it matter?”
Robottko
As John walked off waving, the warm glow in Sherlock's stomach grew. Perhaps Hogwarts would be even better than he thought. If people like John attended, he wouldn't care which house he got sorted into.
"Moriarty," Recognition flickered in Sherlock's eyes. "You're the dragon that's advocating for the immediate euthanization of humans."
“Because I need air.”
“Mummy!” Sherlock said hurriedly, jumping off the sofa as if his mother could witness him lazing about. “I apologise. I thought you were a potential client.”
"Are you suggesting they're not listening here?" Watson asked.
“My baby is going to school.” She blubbers, and I give her a reassuring pat on the back, which my dad catches immediately with his camera.
“Me.” Sherlock repeated once again, feeling rather idiotic. “I kidnapped you.”
John was cut off instantly by Sherlock’s lips against his, letting him know just how perfect the ring was. They sat on the sofa together, enjoying each other’s company. Later on, Violet Holmes would come in and shriek at the sight of the ring box. Later on, John would get pats on the back from Greg and Siger. Later on there would be wedding planning, and quite kisses by the fireplace, but for now, it was just the two of them against the rest of the world.
If you asked Sherlock later, he would be unable to tell you how he got to Bart's. He was so focussed on keeping himself together that he didn't remember the journey at all, only that he was somehow in front of Bart's, his wallet lighter and feet colder.
"It's no trouble," Sherlock waved a hand at him. "I'll go and find us a table."
“Naturally. We’ve captured one of their leaders.” Mycroft replied smoothly. “A doctor by the name of John Watson.”
"What?" The DI looks at me in confusion.
“What?” Sherlock spluttered slightly, his eyes flicking back to the car. “I…no, it’s not-”
It was a week before the opening of the exhibit, and the aquarium was practically deserted. The only others in the building were other scientists and politicians, and they were all standing around a large, clear tank.
“Our son, the loony.” Father concurred breathlessly, a wide smile on his face.
“Victor is an idiot.” I repeat, dipping my head. “You’re amazing, and I-”
“Would you?” John quirked an eyebrow.
thing, so I wasn’t allowed to spike my hair anymore.”
“And if you break any of these rules, you can’t sit with us at lunch.” Jim pipes in, taking a large bite out of an orange, which seems to be a normal colour, thank god.
"You did go to jail," Sherlock reminded him.
"And the scarring on my fin?" John asked, resting his forearms on the edge of the tank. "How could you possibly guess that it was a boat propeller?"
The shoreline would be terrible. The men in the cars would get to them before Sherlock could even unbuckle, and even if he did manage to get John into the water, he would be easily spotted in the shallow water.
"Oh, my baby is getting married!" Mummy cried as John slipped the band on Sherlock's finger. It fit rather well, considering it was a woman's wedding band. A bit snug, but not so obvious that it was meant for someone else.
“Is that…a phone??”
With a sigh, Sherlock opened his mouth to expose his fangs. He heard the sharp intake of breath from Watson, and he closed his mouth once more.
"I play the violin," Sherlock offered with a shrug. "Sometimes I don't talk for days on end. Potential boyfriends should know the worst about each other."
"Oh, shut up."
“I saw your family, and I saw them hand me a book.” John replied. “And I saw you get jealous about it.”
"Yes, that is my brother," Sherlock replied. "And yours is addicted to butterbeer."
Suddenly a hand reaches out to stop Abrahams. The newcomer holds Abraham’s arm gently. “Do not sacrifice your son, Abraham. There is a sheep in the bush over there, a gift from The Shining One. Sacrifice the sheep instead.” Sheol realises that this is an angel as well. He is different from Mycroft, his hair is silver, and the kind smile on his face puts everyone at ease.
"And I'm getting rid of it." Sherlock interrupted. "Are you happy?"
John was exhausted. Every day since he had woken up, there had been humans demanding answers from him, but today they brought in a whole crowd. The humans threw questions at him so rapidly that he couldn't translate quickly enough.  Eventually, he became so frustrated and angry that he refused to speak, on principle alone.
“By agreeing to this contract, you agree to be in my servitude until I so choose to release you of your duties. Doing so protects your sister, Harriet Watson, as well as her wife, from my wrath.”
"God, no." Replied the painfully familiar of John. "You would have expected a kidnapping from them."
"Every summer, my family visits
“According to mother, he shall arrive tomorrow.” Abel said, his own brow furrowing. Sheol smiled at his youngest friend-brother.
“Thanks dad. I’ll see you guys after school.” I say, getting out of the car, flinging my bag over my shoulder. I walk quickly to the school, avoiding the groups of people I see waiting on the lawn. It’s not that I didn’t want to socialise, I just wanted to get to my first class before school started.
“Why not?” John asked.
“You know, I’m in need of an assistant. A doctor, preferably one that has battle experience.” Sherlock said, watching John carefully. “He has to have nerves of steel, patience, and he needs to love danger. Do you think that would be right up your alley?”
“Perhaps that is the goal.” A voice rumbles from behind me, and I whip around to see Sherlock dressed as a pirate captain. He didn’t have anything flashy like a hook or an eye-patch, but his detailed greatcoat and captain’s hat told it all. It also didn’t help that he had a dark smudge of eyeliner around his eyes, making the blue pop.
John broke off, shaking his head. “Sorry, didn’t mean to assume...”
With a heavy heart, Sherlock made his way away from the door, sitting down on a bench with a heavy thud.
“You’ll love him.” Sherlock promised. “I’ve got to be on my way. See you soon!”
"Going?" John frowned, glancing at the staircase.
The sound of heels clicking echoed in the mostly deserted street. A few people bustled past with last minutes Christmas gifts tucked under their arms, hurrying to get out of the cold.
"John!" Sherlock called out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“When are you two going to talk about marriage?”
“I am not jealous.” Sherlock insisted, earning a snort from John.
Clacton-on-Sea appeared before them, the North Sea glittering in the distance. Sherlock was so thrilled to see it, he barely felt the tap on his bumper. The second one, a more forceful bump, made him start.
"I know you're a genius and everything, but you told me that the Thames was too dirty, and that the ocean was very far from here," John reasoned. "How do you suggest I escape?"
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
pure.”
“It’s so nice to meet you, Victor.” Mummy said, grinning brightly.
“Were you
"Why?"
Sherlock's hand was shaken multiple times and he was quite sure that the limb would fall off in the next few hours or so.
“Yeah, that’s what friends do,” John replied. One of his rugby teammates called his name, and John turned around to give them a half-hearted wave before turning back. “Listen, I’m going to go hit the showers. I’ll be back out soon, if you want to wait?”
me. Won’t stay longer than a minute.”
― Mitch Albom
Sheol chuckled, cupping Otto’s cheek gently. “I could have found you in Rome.”
nice. Victor will be so happy to know that you aren’t mad!”
“Oh…yes. The cutest.” I respond flatly, but it hardly matters, as Victor isn’t really paying attention.
Sherlock’s smirk widened, and John watched as his blue eyes swirled into a terrifying black, eclipsing the whites of his eyes. John’s breathe caught in this throat, and in his attempted to escape, he fell backwards against the bed. The black eyed demon leaned over him once more, his grin looking wickeder than it had a few seconds earlier.
A sudden rapping on the bathroom door made John jump, and he nearly dropped the phone in his surprise.
It was only two hours later when John caught sight of Jim Moriarty. Classes were done for the day, and Jim had managed to get out of the building before John, weaving between the students expertly. John watched him from his view at the top of the school's lobby stairs. It was just as Jim stepped into the street that he saw it.
“Right now. I also elected myself king while you were busy talking. Now, get me my milk!” Mike says, a grin on his face.
“Yes, everyone gets a soul mate. Yours is being perfected.” Greg smiles, “I must go now, but I shall see you again.”
"Oh, yes. Right. Chaser?" Sherlock asked.
He panicked, unsure what the creature was saying as it continued to blather on, looking for the source of the commotion. Sherlock snuck back into his pod-ship, turning on the translator so he could understand the creature. He then exited, running straight into the creature.
“My name is Sherlock, I am eight sun cycles.” He said. “And I am from the planet Holmes.”
"Of course you can," The creature said, looking back at the crowd. "You just haven't been trying."
"You cleaned," Sherlock's voice made John jump, and he whirled around to stare at him.
John must have been more tired than he thought, for he never even thought to ask what Sherlock had called him before he fell unconscious.
“I’ve been performing them just fine, Mycroft.” Sherlock growled.
“I filled my car, and I’ve come in to pay for it.”
"Still, it'll be fun."
“Right. I suppose they clean and stuff…”
“Didn’t you hear what I just said?” John asked, looking more appalled by the second. “Your son has
Otto smiled slightly, reaching forward to grasp Sheol’s highly embroidered tunic, pulling the taller man closer.
“Awful.” I practically growl into the phone. “I hate this party and I hate Victor.”
“No, it wasn’t you.” Sherlock says after a minute. “You don’t have the disposition to kill someone in such a manner. But this means that someone is trying to frame you.”
"I've been trying to set Sherlock up for ages," Molly told him.
“My name?” The angel chuckled. “Why do you want to know?”
Victor had vanished into thin air, the box of chocolates the only evidence he had been there at all.
“Why don’t you meet him first?” Mycroft suggested gesturing in the direction of the prisoners. “Then you can decided.”
And it was never written in the handwriting he wanted, anyway.
“Sorry, rules are rules.” Donovan said, not unkindly. “We’ll take you into the station, and sort it out from there.”
"Oh, I just met him this morning," Tom said.
“Have you lost the ability to understand basic language?” Sherlock snapped. “I said he steals souls from me. They begin to glow, and he pushes them back into their bodies without realising it, no matter how hard I tug.”
“Yours?” John frowned, keeping an eye on the dark haired man circling him. “I don’t belong to you. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’d like to go home.”
“The past is the past.” Sherlock said, trying to sound as carefree as possible. “Now, your phone and keys.”
“Where do I sign?”
The cab ride back to 221b was uneventful, and John couldn't help but become introspective, musing over the last few hours as he fiddled with his surprisingly comfortable collar. It was hard to believe that he had only met Sherlock Holmes around twenty four hours ago. The dragon certainly seemed to be living an exciting life, and if John was being honest with himself, he might have admitted he was enjoying it immensely.
“Bad boy!” The handler scolded, though there wasn’t much heat in the words. “You will respect your new master, Sherlock, do you understand me?”
"We broke up last week. I told you all about it."
"When that group of humans said I was attractive. You gave them a dirty look," John replied.
“Why should they have? It’s common sense.” Sherlock replied. “They knew you would attempt it, and so they put it in as a precaution.
"Team?"
That wasn't to say that John didn't find his name on the wall anymore. Occasionally he would spot his name between random doodles, but it wasn't as often anymore.
Sheol nods, trying to understand. Greg smiles, trying to explain it better.
“We can’t wait to meet Victor.” Mummy said quickly, her voice cheerful. “I’m sure he’s even lovelier than you claim.”
"Very noble of you," Irene said, sitting down across from him. "However, I'm rather sick of his pining."
“I don’t know, why are you
The man, who had been busy choking on a piece of steak, grew still, his soul glowing brightly. Sherlock sighed, peeled off a glove, and yanked the soul from his body rather roughly.
John, who had been trying desperately not to laugh, looked over at his pseudonym, preparing to tell Violet all the ridiculous things that Sherlock had done to him. Of course, Sherlock seemed to anticipate such an action, and cut him off immediately.
“What are you going to do to him?” Sheol asked, panicking slightly.
"I think what Sherlock does is brilliant," John chimes in. "He saves people, he proves them innocent. I can't think of a nobler career than that."
“Cottage!” Mary declared, causing the two officers to jump. “That’s where my darling fiancé said the horrible man took him. To a cottage.”
I was frustrated looking for a different name for Sherlock, when I happened to stumble upon it looking at different variations for the verse above:
How John managed to convince him to go to his rugby match, Sherlock would never know. He had been tutoring John in chemistry for several months now, and was pleasantly surprised to discover that he was an excellent student, as well as a good friend.
If John hadn’t been so annoyed, the sight of a ghost jumping in shock might have been hilarious. The ghost stared wide-eyed at him in shock, his book falling out of his hands and flopping onto the floor.
“I…I agree.” John said, speaking more to Sherlock’s ear than anything else.
Mycroft gives us a brief nod, before turning to follow the path the guards had taken. He’s holding an umbrella, something I hadn’t noticed before, and he twirls it more pompously than I ever thought an umbrella could be twirled.
Sherlock obliged.
Molly looked pleased at Sherlock's pronouncement, and she followed him out of the train, practically skipping as she went.
"Oh, good," Molly sighed, looking relieved.
“With a
“You are
"Who are you?" Sebastian asks Greg in a rude tone.
“Of course you won’t.” John said. “Because I’ll have you arrested.”
"What did you have in mind?" John asked with suspicion.
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
"Thank you, mummy." Sherlock stepped away from her ministrations, giving his father a quick hug before lugging his trunk into the Hogwarts Express.
Mycroft was silent for a minute, the soft cherry glow of his cigarette almost touching the filter. “He works for the police.”
"Get away from me, you weirdo. Or something along those lines." Sherlock said.
During lunchtime I found myself sitting with Greg and Mike at a table by the wall. They were currently going over where every clique sat, though I could hardly pay attention.
"We have plenty of time before dinner." John said, laughing softly. “I actually have something in mind first. Just let me get changed, and then we'll go downstairs."
“Hey Victor.” Sherlock and I respond in sync. Victor beams at Sherlock, giving my shoulders what I assume is a reassuring squeeze.
"But I can." Mycroft sounded smug. "You see, the law states that if a blond is charged with a crime, their punishment can include slavery. You have caused a lot of damage, and severely injured many upper class families."
“I didn’t think it was fair to marry her when I was in love with someone else.”
It was later in the day, at least, from what he could tell, when he came upon a strange looking planet. The majority of it was blue and it had white swirling around in its atmosphere. Under the white, Sherlock could catch tiny glimpses of green, and his curiosity got the better of him. He flew around the planet, deciding eventually to land on a smallish island just off the coast of a larger landmass. There was a large area of light near the south, and he avoided it, heading instead for darker areas.
“Alright, we’re all set.” Sherlock hummed, freeing John from the grasp of the fuzzy pink handcuffs at last. “Come inside. My family is excited to meet you.”
John took the paper, blinking down at it. In fresh ink, just below the snapshot, was a familiar sentence.
“Hello there.” John said, watching Sherlock warily. “What on earth are you doing?”
“They should learn not to be embarrassed, then.” Sherlock retorted.
“That’s not what I’m thinking of.” I say, shivering. Sherlock understands my meaning, and he grabs my hand, kissing my knuckles.
“No refunds? Why ever not?” John heard the elder dragon say. He didn’t bother looking over at him, but instead focusing on the messy scrawl of his new master.
"The what?" John asked in confusion.
“Oh, but you hate being the key-master.” Mummy said in surprise.
"Careful. I swear these things can smell fear." John grinned. "Come on, we'll land gently today."
Or the merman, as they knew him. No one but Sherlock knew his name.
"I thought that was obvious," John replied, glancing down at his green tail. "You humans have been writing about us for centuries. I am a Merman."
"People are very telling," Sherlock replied, "Their very nature will tell the truth to those who simply observe."
"Sherlock!"
"I didn't think you would," John admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. They had stopped in the middle of the field, the rest of the team continuing on. "And we lost."
interesting to ponder while stuck at his horrendous family Christmas.
Sherlock hadn’t been lying when he promised his father that he would be attending the interview. He had had every intention of attending the infernal meeting, and had not the most intriguing distraction made itself known, Sherlock would have made good on his promise.
John pulled his hand out of Jim’s grasp, not looking at anyone as he mumbled a quick goodbye, heading out the door.
Sherlock blinked, looking around the Gryffindor common room. He had snuck in around 3 o'clock that morning, unable to fall asleep.
“Listen.” Sherlock said, hoping to interrupt any angry thoughts. “I understand if you’re angry, but it’s only for Christmas. Then you’ll be free to go home, and I’ll never bother you again.”
"You're too hard on yourself," John said. "You're charming, funny, brilliant-"
"I'm just a human." John shook his head, worry still on his face.
"Hardly," Sherlock said. "You're curing it all on your own."
Thank you all for your wonderful reviews and comments. You really know how to make a girl feel special. I hope you enjoyed this transitiony type chapter. Remember, this is unbeta'd/not britpicked, so if you notice anything, feel free to tell me!
Sherlock didn't hear about the disappearance until three days later. Apparently Susan Marlowe was a good student who had been well liked by everyone. She had never been given detention, and no one really disliked her. There were no clear motives as to why Marlowe had vanished, or how.
"I dunno," I say in defeat. "But who else could it be?"
“I suppose it does,” Sherlock replied warily. “But I live here now, so that means I’m not an alien anymore.”
“Likewise, I’m sure.” John said. It was at that moment that something caught his eye. Without thinking, he turned to scold Sherlock for following him to school, but it was obvious right away that the ghost standing there wasn’t Sherlock. The ghost was tall, most likely taller than Sherlock. His hair was blond, artfully mussed, and he wore ripped jeans that were more of this century than the breeches of Sherlock’s. The real difference, however, was the look on his face. The rage and jealousy as he stared at the two of them would be unfathomable on Sherlock’s face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jim and Irene then looked to Sherlock expectantly, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow at them, debating on whether he planned to answer. Molly cleared her throat pointedly, and Sherlock gave a heaving sigh before raising his hand as well.
"Piss off."
It doesn’t take us long to find the crime scene. Of course, the police officers won’t allow us to look at it, no matter how passionately Sherlock argues.
"Do you trust me?" Sherlock asked.
“Absolutely ridiculous.” Sherlock huffed, dropping a small white crystal and adding a drop of fluid to the blood and water mixture. He grinned brightly when a brownish dust settled at the bottom of the vial.
We tried every day of the week to no avail, Greg leaving letters surreptitiously, Mike sending emails, and me helping out wherever I could, but nothing worked. Every day one of us managed to convince Sherlock to go to the sound booth, and every day Victor slipped away just in the nick of time.
Everything came rushing back at once. The fighting, the gunshot, the pain…but then how did he get here, and how was it possible to have a scar that looked to be about a year old already?
"Not yet," Sherlock said. "But that won't be too difficult to arrange."
He found the box, pulling it out slowly as he mulled over his words, the velvet feeling soft in his tight grip.
"It's true," Sherlock confirmed. "Most people are idiots."
John was charming for the rest of the day, making Sherlock’s family laugh with tales of his patients. He even managed to make Mycroft laugh a few times, something Sherlock had thought was impossible. His mother scolded him for not telling them that John was a doctor, but John saved the day by telling them that he didn’t want them to know.
It was clear to Sheol who had spent the most time on their gift to The Shining One. Abel’s gift of meats was lovely, and it was clear that he had chosen from only the best of his livestock. Cain’s gift, however was lacking. It was clear he had thrown it together that morning, and he hadn’t even used his best vegetables. Cain caught Sheol’s eye, and merely shrugged, a slightly cocky smile graced his lips. Sheol did nothing but shake his head, turning to watch as The Shining One arrived.
“I would love if you played violin for me.” John said honestly, and Sherlock felt warm.
“I know, but…I’m feeling the Christmas spirit this year.” Sherlock said, hoping his sarcasm wasn’t seeping through. The smile his mother gave him, however, proved that it wasn’t. “And I’m probably the only one that can hide Mycroft’s mobile so he can’t find it.”
“Well, there is a Renaissance artist coming that I am sure you’ll be fond of.” Greg smiled, looking positively mischievous.
The sounds of footsteps drawing near rips him from his reverie. Glowering at the sound, the man leans back against his bed, looking perfectly at ease.
"You're going to be a Hufflepuff," Sherlock declared. "It's easy, if you know what to look for."
"Oh, is this him?" Jim asks, drawing the drunk guy's attention.
"Wait...you know who my lab partner is?" John frowned, "You're not in the class."
“I cannot.” Mycroft shook his head, striding over to Sheol with an outstretched hand. “Once a soul is removed completely, it is against God’s rules to put it back.”
"Sherlock."
“Yes, he put an angel on top of a tree.” Sherlock muttered, “How completely
"The gunshot wound was approximately the height of a shooter of 5 foot 6 inches." Sherlock said, breaking his silence.
John groaned, stopping in his tracks. He peered down the road as if to confirm Sherlock’s claim before turning to the car.
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
“Pardon?”
“Is everything okay?” I ask, jogging up to them. The police officer makes a face, clearly annoyed that there are now two of us. “What happened?”
“You can’t take something back once it’s already done.” Sherlock said after a moment. “Even if you realise right away that it was wrong.”
“What do people normally say?” The blond asked.
“John-” He begins, but I cut him off, tugging at my bag straps.
Mycroft watched the pale, dark haired man warily, his fingers tapping on the ornate desk in front of him. The other man shifted in his chair impatiently, his icy gaze revealing nothing.
Thank god Sherlock had the sense to lower his voice, or the cabbie would have overheard them. John sucked in a breath, looking over at Sherlock.
“We’ll see each other soon.” John said, pulling away.
“Is this him?” She asked John, pointing at Sherlock, a frown on her face. Without getting an answer, she turned to Sherlock, glaring fiercely. “Listen, buddy, I don’t know who you think you are, but you’re a horrible person.”
good. Unless you broke it off, which…um…good on you.” My face heats again, and I am mortified to see a smirk growing on Sherlock’s face.
All in all, it was a tedious affair that Sherlock couldn't wait to be over. He figured that his family wouldn't be bothered to attend, so when he saw his parents and Mycroft coming towards him, he was shocked.
The Wall had been freshly painted for the summer, the blank expanse still a surprising sight, even though they hadn't seen it in 10 years. But there was already something written on the wall, a stark black sentence in John's familiar handwriting:
"Don't be pedantic; I would never get my hands dirty, but I did hire someone to kill them," Jim snorts. "It's amazing what money can buy."
The most hideous jumper that Sherlock had ever seen tumbled out of the wrappings. It was a deep blue, with some terrible red and white pattern round the collar and sleeves that completed the terrible ensemble. He opened his mouth to complain to his mother when John spoke up.
"Say, how do you feel about house pride?" Victor asked, causing Sherlock to frown.
is terribly old fashioned. At most, I'll only be able to text you." Sherlock looked up and John, confused as to why he was so put out. "It's not as if your summer will be dull. You can talk with that Sarah girl."
"Oh," Molly slumped, looking a bit defeated. "Both my parents are...well, I suppose you call them Muggles. I fear I have a lot to learn."
.” Sherlock huffed. “Are all you ‘mediators’ so violent?”
“You’re still here.”
Perhaps Sherlock should have told him that he wasn't Tom, that he wasn't John's date. Perhaps he should have explained the situation, and taken John to find Tom. There were a thousand things he could have said, but what really came out of his mouths was-
"No one." Greg replies, giving me a look before walking away. Mike follows quietly as well, looking pleased that he hadn't drawn Sebastian's attention as well.
“Thank you, sir. Good luck with Watson.” Stamford said, leaving the laboratory quickly.
It was a low rumble, a sound full of mirth. Laughter wasn’t common in the facility, and even when heard, it was usually malicious. His new master’s laugh was…quite pleasant to the ear. Not that John would ever admit it, of course.
Sherlock quickly regained his composure, fixing a mask of cool indifference on his face. “Not if you let me drink. The venom hasn’t had a chance to spread yet.”
John laughed, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck. “Right, of course. I’m John Watson, by the way.” He removed his hand that was on his neck, holding it out for the other boy to shake.
John surreptitiously slid a hair grip from a nearby dragon’s hair, holding his breath until he was positive she had not noticed the missing hair-piece. He grinned as he fiddled with the hair grip, expertly unlocking the high-tech collar.
"Sorry, what?" The human asked in confusion. Sherlock sighed deeply, as if he felt the man was being deliberately stupid.
Robottko
The handcuffs are loosened from Sherlock's wrist, which finally loosens the knot in my chest. DI Lestrade looks as if he knows that I'm lying, but with a confession, he has no choice but to arrest me.
“We want to invite you to eat lunch with us every day for the rest of the year.” The tall blond says. It’s clear that, even though this is an invitation, I’m not allowed to decline. The bell that signals the end of lunch rings shrilly, and I find myself at the intense scrutiny of three pairs of eyes.
Sherlock waited until both adults disappeared before wriggling out of his spot and making his way up to Gryffindor tower. He knew he needed to tell John all about what he had heard.
"I would say it went a lot better, wouldn't you?" Sherlock's eyes opened, and he grinned up at him.
“Yes,” Molly said. “Most people don’t like it when you reveal their secrets. It embarrasses them.”
“Mycroft never gave me the key to your shackles.” Sherlock said after a moment, hoping that his tone was portraying how apologetic he felt. “It seems he thought I would just set you free.”
John laughed at that, clapping Sherlock on the shoulder as if was an old friend.
"Welcome to Hogwarts, I am Professor McGonagall,” the woman said. "In just a few minutes you will be sorted into one of four houses. While at Hogwarts, your house will be like a family to you. You will eat with your house, live with your house, and learn with your house. If you follow the rules, your house will gain points. Any rule breaking will lose your house points. At the end of the term, whichever house has the most points will win the house cup. Follow me."
“Simple.” Sherlock said, sucking in a breath. “Your haircut is that of a military style, and you hold yourself as a military man would. You are tan, but not below the wrists, so you haven’t been on vacation. You were invalided, shot in the shoulder, but you have a psychosomatic limp.”
"I'll be fine," Sherlock lied. "Get out of here!"
“You can hide it in the bushes.” John replied, and together they pushed the pod-ship into the bushes, arranging leaves around it to better conceal it.
"What are your thoughts on vampires?" Sherlock asked, stopping quickly. It took Watson a few seconds to realise he had stopped, and he turned around to join him once more.
“Honestly, there’s no need to be childish.” Mycroft said scathingly.
Gunshots echoed through the camp, and Sherlock could see the glowing from fallen men and women, but he had eyes for only one body.
“I’ll give you back, I promise.” Sherlock said. “Just a weekend of pretending to be Victor. He is a business owner, which I’m sure you could pull off.”
“Right, so what do you need, then?”
“Fair enough.” Sherlock replied with a smirk. “Though I trust you’ll take my words to heart, Detective Inspector?”
Nobody saw Death.
“I loathe repeating myself, John.” Purple admonished, moving toward him slowly. “You were supposed to take good care of yourself. You didn’t. You went off to war, and got shot.”
The warm light from the windows of
“Do you really think that would happen?” Mycroft sneered. “If his master frees him, then we have no choice but to let him be a freeman, but no one would allow that man to have his freedom.”
“Nice to meet you. I’m John Watson.” I introduce myself, shaking their hands.
“That’s because I created the job.” Sherlock told him. “Only one in the world. I’m hoping to be able to work with the police soon. Naturally, they refuse to take me seriously because of my age.”
“To be fair, I do deserve it.”
"Do?" Sherlock asked.
Professor McGonagall stood before them, a three legged stool with a dirty looking wizard's hat next to her. It sat completely motionless for a few moment before a large rip at the rim opened, and it began to sing:
“Yeah, I’m not…er…in the party mood. Bye.” I make a quick exit, darting through the crowd in the opposite direction of the newly happy couple. If I stay for even a second longer, I would probably throw up, and that won’t win me any points with anyone.
“I assume you are talking of Doctor John Watson?” Sherlock said, his patience growing brittle at Greg’s words. He was correct of course, and that did nothing to improve his mood. “He’s interesting.”
He was born on a day of sunshine and sadness, fashioned out of sin and earth. The third child of God, he is hated for who he is and what he represents. Though millennia have passed, the day is clear in his mind, recalling his birth as though it were yesterday.
"Nothing," Sherlock said defensively.
The officer looks at me pleadingly. “Kid, you and your boyfriend need to leave. This isn’t a place for kids to be hanging out.”
"Sherlock."
.” John had said.
“Is this the part where you threaten me?” I ask with a raised eyebrow. “Because, you know, I’m in a jail cell. I don’t think I’ll be going anywhere anytime soon. You have nothing to worry about.”
"Oh, you're a muggleborn too?" Molly asked, looking far more hopeful. "Is it hard, trying to catch up with everyone?"
"I don't recall there being rules about where we can sit, Hop." Sherlock said primly.
“See you, Sherlock.” John gave a little wave, following Siger out the door and getting into the car. Freedom was finally his!
Sherlock had laughed at that before whirling out of the small bedroom, striding through the mansion where he lived. John had given himself a tour, and after about four hours, declared that the whole building felt like something out of a horror movie.
at Higbies for you, and you never showed up!”
Robottko
“Do I really have to wear this?” I ask, tugging at the red shorts; if you could call them that. They were skin tight and shiny, the tops of them lined with fluffy white faux-fur. Clearly they were supposed to be reminiscent of a “santa” suit, but I highly doubt that Saint Nick would wear booty shorts that barely covered his bum. Santa got to wear a shirt too, but the only thing that was covered besides my private area was my feet, shiny black shoes gleaming in the dim back-stage light.
"Who are you?" He asked, staring at the man who was lounging on the bench.
“Is Sherlock in a lot of trouble?” Molly asked softly.
“I know it.” He responded. “It is why I waited for you here. I couldn’t focus upon our conquest, so I told my general I had a fever and needed to stop.”
Sherlock strolled along the perimeter of the building, trying to figure out where Tom had headed. It was entirely possible he went to purchase a new scarf, or maybe he hadn't noticed the missing scarf at all and was waiting patiently for his date.
Sherlock could hear banging in the truck as the car began to fill with water. The trunk popped open, and a very rattled looking John floated out.
"Human slaves?" Watson asked, blinking in confusion. "Egad, Holmes. You don't really consider yourself a vampire, do you?"
“Oh my god, Jim.” Sebastian rolls his eyes. “You can’t just ask people why they’re
“The tall blond is Sebastian Moran.” Greg picked up, pointing to a nasty looking boy. “His parents are really rich. I think his dad invented a new bomb or something.”
"Don't worry, you won't see me for much longer," Sebastian said, a look crossing his face that made John's stomach turn to ice. "I know how to take care of my
“Don’t be like that, Sherlock.” Father said. “Sebastian Wilkes Sr. is our neighbour, and it would be in poor taste to miss such an important interview. If you get the job, you would be working with your old friend, Sebastian Wilkes Jr.”
“I won’t.” Sheol promised Greg solemnly. “I will watch over it.”
“When did we make these rules?” Greg looks at Mike in confusion.
John smiled to himself, amazed that Sherlock could make even the nicest act seem selfish. He stretched, moving so that his feet could touch the cool floor.
“Oh, that’s right. Well, I was going to suggest that you come over to my house instead.” Jim grinned cheekily. It was John’s luck that Sebastian would choose that moment to appear, a look of murderous rage on his face.
The boy turned, and Sherlock felt his heart stop as he realised that it was
“You aren’t dating her anymore.” Sherlock stated, causing Mycroft to cough.
“The Byzantine Empire shall be furious with you.” Sheol said softly.
Sherlock had never felt like this before, this unknown terror and pure elation mixed together in a heady rush. He had only known John for a few hours, but he knew that he couldn't live without him.
"Well, we already have an invader."
“I am not sure.” Sheol replied. “I feel as though I’m missing a piece of the puzzle still.”
"You alright?" John's voice broke through Sherlock's distraction, and he swallowed thickly, averting his eyes at last.
"No, nothing of the sort," Sherlock said. "In fact, he's here with me right now."
Victor rolls his eyes at Sebastian, placing a clearly fake smile expertly on his face when he turns to me. “Excuse us for one second, yeah?” He says. Before I can answer, Jim, Sebastian and Victor huddle in a tight circle, and I can’t make out what they’re saying. Mike and Greg catch my eye, and I shrug in confusion. Before they can ask any more non-verbal questions across the lunchroom, the three boys turn back to me with large grins on their faces.
He was so close to John, and he had no idea what to say to him. Really, the whole trip had been a useless endeavour. He was clearly much better off watching John from afar than trying to talk to him, and what had he been th-
“The ‘C’ comes from Cain’s name, and his death was hardly interesting.” Sherlock huffed.
"No, it wasn't," Sherlock shook his head. "I had begun to take his soul when you stopped me."
That sounds so much better in my head than it does on paper.
“Quite.” Sherlock comments, a smirk on his face once more. “And you make an excellent assistant, John. Even though we never managed to get in to look at the crime scene. I do believe we’ll have to do this again.”
“It was…very nice. It was snowing, and there were Christmas lights…everyone was truly happy,” Sherlock said, taking a large drink of wine.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, moving over to make room for John. John pulled up a stool, setting the cookies down on it, before handing Sherlock a glass, pouring each of them a healthy amount.
“That’s my style.” John grinned. “And they never said it would automatically inject sedative into my neck if I picked the lock.”
"I haven't done anything," John said. "Except clean, and trust me when I say that didn't work on earth."
"Well, this is a cause of celebration!" Jim say happily, clapping his hands together. "You were just complaining yesterday how awful he was, so it must be a relief to get rid of him."
Entering the cool, dark room at the end of the hall, Hudson is not surprised to find a bed not unlike the bed that was in his cell. The only difference was the dark black restraints that cut across the white rather violently.
“You’re the most amazing man I have ever met, and I am head over heels in love with you,” John smiled. “Of course I want to marry you.”
handsome. Tell him that he looks handsome, Sherlock.”
“Good choice. My name is Greg Lestrade.” The boy with the brown and silver hair said, a grin on his face. “And that’s Mike Stamford.” He pointed to the larger boy, who waved.
"What?" Sherlock breathed, watching John advance.
Most of the trip went smoothly, Sherlock cruising along the road at a reasonable speed as he made his way to Clacton-on-Sea. It was only when he was a few kilometres away that he noticed a nondescript car tailing him closely.
“Who is it from?” He asks, looking between me and Jim.
"That's alright," Molly waved him off. "You can borrow Sherlock's."
"Isn't it exciting?" Sherlock asked John as they made their way to the pitch that evening. John had had to cancel their flying lesson earlier that week for an emergency Quidditch practice, which turned out to be in Sherlock's favour. It had down poured that afternoon, and the entire Gryffindor Quidditch team had turned up to dinner soaked to the bone.
Mycroft smiled at her, brushing invisible dust from his Prefect badge. "While I'd love to have one last chat, I'm afraid I must make my way to the prefect carriage."
"Would you like to see some more?"
“Oh, hush.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, but the smirk forming on the corner of his mouth shows his humour. “We came here to work on a case, did we not?”
“I can’t say the same for you.” Sherlock huffed. He wouldn’t give John the satisfaction to know that he
“Never mind. The question now is about hæmoglobin.” Sherlock redirected the conversation, wanting to boast about his discovery. “No doubt you see the significance of this discovery of mine?"
Do not worry, I’ll avoid your room while you’re sleeping.”
He was glaring at Mycroft, dark blue eyes locked on the taller figure, clearly searching for ways to escape. The lack of clothing, save for a small swatch of leather over his most intimate parts, showed straining muscles, trying to pull the chains from the wall.
“That is so
After all, love only comes when you’re least expecting it.
Ch. 4
The never ending stream of panic washed through Sherlock’s mind as he raced to Afghanistan, heading for a camp that he knew well. ‘
He patted the box of chocolates next to him, which already had a few pieces missing.
*****
“Mycroft is an idiot.” John replied. “Now shut up and kiss me, because I’ve been missing you all summer, and that’s the only way you can make it up to me.”
“You’re coming with me.” Sherlock told him. “I’m in need of a boyfriend for Christmas, and you’re the perfect contender.”
Sherlock stared as the doctor’s hand, which lay over his, coaxed Murray’s soul back into his body. He watched as the familiar glow, the sign that the soul has left the body, reconnected to its earthly flesh. Sherlock turned to the blued eyed doctor once more, studying him as his face lit up with joy as the heart monitor returned to a normal pace.
, Holmes. Jeff Hope. Now get back to your table, or I’ll take points from Gryffindor."
“Hilarious.” John said. “Now leave.”
“I…yeah, okay.” John said, turning back to look at Greg, but he was gone. An empty bench greeted him instead, no sign that the angel was ever there. John shook his head before turning back, glad that Sherlock had stayed in place.
Ch. 7
"Adler, Irene!"
“Really?” Sherlock huffed as two notebooks were stuffed into his hands.
John grinned at Sherlock, causing his stomach to do a weird sort of flip, before tearing open the wrapping paper.
*****
It’s about a half hour later when Sherlock heard the blond groan, watching his shifting go from confused to panicked when he discovered that he is tied up.
“So she offered you her brother’s soul, and you took it?” Molly asked.
"Your jumper," Sherlock replied. "You've repaired it a few times. The stitches aren't a simple whip-stitch; they're surgical in quality.  Of course, they could be from a previous partner, but you've only recently come back. Difficult to maintain a long distance relationship while in the military, and you've also indicated that it's been a while since your last date. Also, Molly Hooper mentioned you were a doctor."
"Well, I'm the new seeker of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team, and we have a game next week." Victor flashed him a smile. "And we need all the Ravenclaws we can get to cheer on the team."
“I dunno!” John panicked slightly. “A new kid? You just…”
Not that John could get more than a few words out of Sherlock. He'd been trying to strike up a conversation ever since Sherlock dropped several books on John's head during his first year at St Bart's.
"Yes, Tom," Sherlock sighed, trying to be patient. "You looked sad that it ended. I
"You like him, he likes you," Tom reasoned. "Why on earth are you still here?"
"Look, let's bet on it," Tom chimed in, "If the date between me and...err..."
"Hello there!" Molly said cheerfully. "I'm Molly Hooper. It's nice to meet you."
“I am hardly stupid.” A phrase so familiar to John in a voice that sinful was almost too much. He shivered again, something that Mary noticed easily.
“Oh, crime scenes!” Mummy sighed, letting him go so she could look up at him. “You need to grow up and get a
"I...no." John said, shaking his head. "What is this?"
Classes started the following day, something Sherlock had waited a long time for. Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays he had Potions and Transfiguration with the Hufflepuffs, and Charms with the Slytherins. History of magic, Herbology and flying lessons were shared with Gryffindors.
“I’m sorry.” I apologise, trying to placate the tall blond, but Sebastian isn’t finished.
“Really, like who?” Sherlock all but sneers.
"You're 28," Sherlock snorted. "I hardly think we qualify as old geezers."
“Err…I wasn’t working two days ago. That would have been…Hooper and Holmes on shift.” He said, looking flustered.
Sherlock opened his eyes, the salt water burning his eyes as he peered up at John. The water above them ungulates peacefully, and it felt like they were barely moving at all. A glance below quickly disproved that thought, the ocean floor rushing below them at an unbelievable rate.
“He wasn’t an idiot!” Sheol growled back, crossing his arms over his chest. “I loved him.”
“You’re a head taller than me.” John chuckled. “I like what you’ve done with your hair, by the way.”
“Too true.” Father laughed. “Now, go get Victor. I can’t wait to meet him.”
"He just transferred," I interrupt, gently pushing Oliver off of me. "He did it to surprise me. Now excuse me, I have to go find someone."
“Yes. Of course it was. It was brilliant.” Watson smiled.
“Oh my god, Sebby.” Victor’s attention swivels to Sebastian now, anger flaring up. “Stop saying ‘nifty’. It’s never going to happen. God, you’re useless.”
“That’s what parents do.” John sighed. “They tell embarrassing stories to boyfriends and girlfriends. This was mean, yeah, but they didn’t do it because they don’t like you.”
"He's lying," Sherlock says quickly, looking stricken as the officers cuff my wrists in his place. "John didn't murder anyone, he can't have done. I'll...I'll prove it!"
“John Watson, meet your new master.” Mycroft said in a cold voice, looking completely bored to anyone who didn’t know him. However, Sherlock could see the glint in his eyes that said otherwise. “My brother, Sherlock.”
“We aren’t here for coffee.” Mary sniffed dramatically. “My
mean, but I wasn't intending..."
“That is your vital monitor.” Purple, as John began to think of him, explained patiently. “It has lost the blood flow in your legs. If you could be so kind as to resume your position on the bed.”
Sherlock chuckles, tugging at the pirate greatcoat as if showing it off. “Your costume is better. I always like a good vampire story.”
John swam down towards him, nodding once before visibly steeling himself. He pressed a hand to the glass, and Sherlock placed his hand on the glass over it.
“Yes, darling, I know.” Violet said. “But Victor is our guest.”
"Of course it was. It was brilliant, absolutely brilliant."
"You knew of John?"
and it wasn’t until he was in the car, a shiny new stockpot in the back seat, that he realised what had happened.
“That I don’t doubt.” Sherlock chuckled. “Sleep well,
Sherlock vanishes with surprising efficiency for someone that stood out amongst a crowd. I'm still watching the direction he disappeared in when Jim and Sebastian sidle up next to me.
"Anderson, Phillip" Became a Ravenclaw, to which the table on the right burst into applause. It was after that Sherlock lost track, their group slowly dwindling. Student after student made their way up to the Sorting Hat. Sometimes the hat would make a decision, other times it would take a while. Mycroft told Sherlock that it had taken the Sorting Hat five minutes to sort him, something that had made him oddly proud.
Robottko
He was holed up in the library, trying to concentrate on his homework, and not the odd, guilty looks Sherlock had been giving him for the past few days.
The next day the Emperor and his men planned to make their way to Rome, waiting to ensure his rule on the grand city. But for now he stays in the small town of Civita Castellana, waiting for his love to come to him.
“Perceptive.” Greg smiled. “I can see why he likes you so. Yes, I am. I was known as the angel Gabriel, but as the years have passed, I have changed my name.”
“I’m okay, though,” I reply. “We’re both okay.”
Of course, all his good luck would inevitably come to an end. Sure enough, by the next day, he had received a summons from the heavenly council. The waiting room was stark white, and Sherlock pulled his dark grey coat around himself, feeling ridiculously out of place.
"I've got a plan," Sherlock said with a grin. "I'm helping you escape."
burn you," Sherlock pointed out, standing up and brushing himself off.
“This is yours.” Sherlock said quickly, pulling out the ring that John had fake-proposed to him with. God, he couldn’t believe it was only a day ago. “Now you can give it to your fiancée…Meredith, was it?”
"Come on up, Sherlock!" John called, waving at him.
“He’s perfect.” Sherlock grinned, turning back to the human who was currently watching the scene with bafflement. “I could use an assistant, John. What do you say?”
“I’ll be right back.” Sherlock replied, opening his car door, the keys clanking in his hand. “I just have to relinquish my phone and keys, and I will promptly release you.”
“Why do I even try?” Mycroft asked, stubbing out his cigarette.
“What?” I was trying to keep up with the conversation, failing miserably.
"Why?" Sherlock asked, feeling lost.
“Johnny!” Jim says as he pulls me to the side. “I wanted to talk to you. Victor feels
tied up in there?” She looked surprised, glancing back at Sherlock with wide eyes.
The Wall had been around for as long as the students of St. Bart's could remember. Originally a blank expanse about six feet wide, the white paint was nearly eclipsed by black scribbles. Students whose parents attended St Bart's often heard stories of The Wall during their time at school, and more than one student confirmed that their grandparents had also used The Wall. The faculty had given up the fight long ago; the only maintenance they did any more involved painting over the scribbles at the end of the year, letting students start fresh the next school year.
"I...what?!" John spluttered.
It's my birthday and I'll cry if I want to. You would cry too if you
“Sherlock has been crushing out on you from day one, don’t deny it.” Mary replied, holding up a finger to silence Sherlock. “I saw the way you would watch him during rugby last year.”
Sighing, Sherlock made his way to the makeshift morgue on the army base. It was his 36
(See the end of the chapter for
John stayed silent, gazing at Sherlock in silent challenge. It was as if Watson wanted Sherlock to prove himself.
“Who is it?” Sebastian asks quickly, “Do we know him?”
“He was in Higbies two days ago.” Molly said, nodding. “He came up to place an order, and we were all out of regular old coffee so Sherlock- oh. Oh no.”
“It’s mummy’s favourite book. Something of a tradition.” Sherlock replied as they walked over to the sofa’s, sitting down so they could all face each other.
"Who's on forensics?" Sherlock asked.
"Why what?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, vanishing on John without another word. John gritted his teeth, stomping home as he mentally cursed Sherlock.
“Yes, a colleague.” Sherlock replied. “I’m a consulting detective, and I am in need of a doctor as an assistant.”
The day arrived, and John felt more alive than he ever had. He went about his daily routines, an extra skip in his step. The day passed quickly, and he soon found himself in his bedsit, a glass filled with clear liquid in one hand.
Always yours,
"Er, hello." John said awkwardly. "Are you another of Sherlock's brothers?"
"Well, I have to actually convince him that I'm worth it," John said wryly.
“But going off to war is.” Purple responded, now circling the table. “You are mine, and you allowed yourself to get hurt. That is not allowed.”
Jim moves quickly, and before either Sherlock or I have time to react, he's pulled out a gun, pointing it at me with casual ease.
"It's got your fingerprints all over it," Lestrade said, as if he hadn't heard John.
"We need to meet him," Victor says at once. "Have a party at your house this weekend, and invite him. As your best friends, we'll decide if he's good for you or not."
“No.” Mycroft said sternly.
“No, you can’t.” John agreed. “But sometimes something good comes out of a bad situation.”
"You're thinking loudly again," Sherlock's voice broke through John's thoughts. It wasn’t unkind, just matter-of-fact. "What's on your mind?"
“But,
Victor snorts, and it’s obvious that he believes me. “Ugh, those two. They’re so weird. But they’re not important right now. Remember, we have practice for the talent show later on at my house. You’re coming, right?”
"That is an unlikely event to occur." He said, not looking at mummy or father. "Anthea and I are not dating."
“Do you need my help?” John asked, scrambling to his feet.
"Did Victor invite the whole bloody school?" Greg yells in my ear, attempting to be louder than the pop song that is currently blaring over the borrowed speakers in my sitting room.
Sherlock pulled to a halt as the pier ended, unbuckling so he could get out. The men stopped, pulling out their guns and pointing them at him.
Sherlock worked quickly, taking advantage of the clueless crowd. Taking a small coin out of his pocket, he jammed it into the latch so that it would close, but not lock. Then, he stepped away, continuing his path around the room like nothing happened.
“I know you can do it.” Sheol said, anger stirring in his stomach. “Remove me from my position, let me die.”
“Really? That’s horrible!” John gasped.
John frowned at the way he stressed boyfriend, as if they were still dating. "Look, you need to move on. This isn't good for you."
Sherlock to leave.
“Greg is too gay to function.” Mike explains to me, laughing at whatever reaction my face happened to twist itself into. I look over at Greg, and he has a pleased smile on his face.
“We all do silly things when we’re in love.” Mummy said. “Of course we’ll laugh at his joke! Now, bring the poor boy in, he must be getting cold!”
“We don’t think that’s what happened.” Lestrade said. He dug into his pocket, pulling out a photograph of a man who appeared to be thirty or so. “Do you recognise this man?”
relationships.”
“Sherlock…” John tapped on the door to their shared room, pushing it open to see him sulking on his bed.
“I told you he was bad news.” Greg said, and I let out a choked laugh.
“Naturally. I don’t know why you act so surprised.” Sherlock chuckled. He earned nothing but an aggravated sigh from Mycroft, who quickly entered the warm house, Sherlock tailing him closely. With all the excitement that had happened over the past few days, you would think dinner would be calm.
“But the nearest town-”
Everything was sore. His arms hurt, and his lungs hurt, and even his
"Will you be happy?" Sherlock asked, feeling nervous all a sudden. "If I don't get into Ravenclaw or Slytherin?"
John looked around, realising that he was lying in a twin sized bed, the walls completely devoid of any decoration. It looked like a guest room more than anything.
But of course, they never do. By lunchtime, Sebastian is more than distraught, and he pulls me aside to complain.
“Why would you want to be a vampire? They’re so scary!” She says, looking at me wide-eyed. Jennifer was dressed as a pink fairy or some such thing, though it was hard to tell because she looked like a pink version of every other girl in the room.
"He left?" John sounded defeated.
Seriously, I thought that maybe two people would read this, and find it mediocre. You all are lovely, and I hope you like this chapter.
"Not sure where he is, to be honest," I reply weakly. "He hasn't told me if he'll be coming or not."
Sherlock leaned over, placing his lips on John's. The Mer went still, his eyes wide in surprise, and his lips remained frozen against Sherlock's.
"You were quiet today," Sherlock said by way of explanation, the
Victor tied the letter to Gustav's leg, guiding him out the window. The owl took off, quickly disappearing around the curve of the tower.
Sherlock unlocked the door, trudging up the seventeen steps to the flat above. He flicked on a light as he entered the door to the kitchen, flipping on the tea kettle immediately.
"Oh, how silly of me." The man said, lowering his arms. "Jim Moriarty. Hi!"
were fantastic.” The voice cut him off.
“Last night, when you were asleep. You are my friend, and I will protect you.”
“Yes well…” The man named Lestrade paused when he saw John, surprise crossing over his face. “You’re
“Yes, but you can’t keep him.” Molly sighed. “He gave himself up willingly; his soul is pure.”
Sheol lifted his un-gloved hand and clasped the angels, a brief flash of light flickering between the hands before vanishing.
“Obviously. Now stop this nonsense at once.” Sherlock snapped, vanishing before John could say anything else.
"Ta. Yeah, I have. I'll be out quick, I promise." John said, entering the bathroom and shutting the door with a soft
“He’s a terrorist.” Mycroft said. “The most dangerous human in the country, quite possibly the world.”
Green. The world is awash in it. Everywhere he looks is coated and covered and made of green. It is a beautiful sight, the green. He feels as though he can swim in it, taste it, feel it. Green. So distracted by the foliage, it takes him a minute to see the man and woman. He smiles at them, and they look upon him in horror.
As soon as Stamford left, Sherlock had made his way out of Saint Bartholomew's hospital, taking the back way as to not alert suspicion. He quickly scanned the area, finding Dr Watson quicker than he had expected. The man exuded an air of confidence that appealed to Sherlock, and though his stature was small, he seemed larger than life.
“It couldn’t be helped. He’s just so in love with me, really.” Victor said, rubbing the foot crème into his hair now. “I mean, who isn’t?”
“Sheol-“
“Where are you going?” Sherlock asked, following John through the kitchen.
Sherlock was running away from home, and there was nothing anyone could do about it. He had stolen a small pod-ship, and he was at least a thousand mactons away from Holmes when he got a call from his mother.
“No, they left that out. It’s obvious if you know what to look for.” Sherlock replied easily. “But that’s only one of your many admirable qualities. Is it true that you killed a fully transformed dragon with your bare hands?”
"Alright, I'll give you that," Greg sighed. "But what about Jennifer and Sarah? Girls aren't exactly his type."
“I don’t know.” Sherlock sighs. “Come on, let’s go see the crime scene.”
He entered the owlery on a Saturday morning, frowning at the vast array of owls to choose from. Some turned away when he offered his letter to them.
It was simply as if she had never existed at all.
"Excited for the sorting?" Molly asked, giggling at Sherlock's impatience.
“Interesting how?” Greg asked curiously.
I stay silent, my cheeks heating up in embarrassment. Sherlock’s eyes widen as if he’s discovered something impossible.
"A regular Ravenclaw, this one," Siger added, beaming down at Sherlock.
“Everyone loves you, Victor.” I reply, tugging on my book bag. “I have to go to class. See you at lunch.”
“Oh, you’re much more than that, John. Or haven’t you heard?” Sherlock looks up at me, a small smirk on his face. “You’re a well-known lady killer according to the rumours Victor has been spreading. The female population knows you as ‘Three-Continents Watson’.”
"Irene!" A deep voice interrupted, making both John and Irene jump. They both swivelled to see Sherlock standing there, his back ramrod straight. "What are you doing?"
"I confess that I didn't expect you to overtake me," Sherlock said in delight. "I have a proposition for you."
"Of course. You were so attractive, and you were
“We’re next.” Victor says absently, eyeing John and Sebastian over. “Seb, you’re on my left now.”
“Of course.” Sherlock said. “I will protect you. I promised.”
“Perhaps I shall. I do have one that I leave here, in case anyone wishes to hear a few songs.”
The sudden shift from dark to light made John’s head pound, and he ducked his head as he made his way down the street. He would never be mistaken for a dragon, but if he kept his head low enough, they would assume he was a slave going about his chores.
They circled higher and higher, until they flew above the goal posts. John pulled back so that he was flying next to Sherlock, and they soared around the pitch several times in silence. It was beautiful up here, with the lake glittering in the distance. The Forbidden Forest was an imposing wall of trees. Even from this height, Sherlock couldn't see the end of it.
“Thanks.” I say to Victor, turning to continue my journey to the milk cooler. A hand on my shoulder stops me.
"That was amazing," John said, a brilliant smile on his face.
“Go find him!” I say cheerfully. “He’ll be thrilled to see you!”
“What about Jim’s?” I ask conversationally.
, I already said that-”
"Ah." Sherlock rolled his eyes. When would Mycroft stop sticking his nose into everything he did?
“Yeah.” John sighed. “But I’ve enjoyed my time here too.”
“It doesn’t matter. Ex-boyfriends are off limits.” Sebastian waves Jim’s words away. “Don’t worry, John. We won’t tell Victor what you said. It will be our little secret.”
"What did I tell you,
“Well, I wish to hear a few songs,” John said.
I look down at my leg, surprised to see my jeans soaked through with blood. I lift the material, hissing as it scrapes the wound. The gun had fired as I grabbed it from Jim, and I hadn’t noticed in the resulting scuffle.
“But what if he gets hungry?” She countered, winking at John. “Oh, and I almost forgot. You have to write down what you want Santa to bring!”
“Does that make me special?” John asked, raising his brow. He expected his new master to tut disapprovingly, perhaps shock him as punishment for mouthing off to a dragon, even as one as low as the handler. What he did not expect was for him to laugh.
The questions was, would John see him?
"See, you'd be the perfect match!" Sherlock couldn't listen to John's compliments any more. "Go."
“High-grade tranquilizer.” A startlingly familiar baritone said from about him, and John blinked blearily up at the shadowed figure. “I’m surprised that you made it so far, honestly. It took you about ten minutes to succumb. The average human barely lasts sixty seconds.”
"Still?" A deep voice said behind him, causing John to involuntarily shiver. "I would have thought you would have been in several relationships since Jeanette."
"Very well," Watson said, catching up quickly. "I shall do it. But you're not to kill me, understand?"
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
“Could you give me their addresses, please?” The silver haired officer asked, flashing his detective inspector badge.
“You’re an arse.” John said weakly, trying to fight the fog that was taking over his mind. “A big, giant arse.”
“Oh, and Mycroft?” His voice was lofty. “You have been spending too much time with the mortals on earth. You’ve been gaining weight.”
The man scoffed, rolling his eyes. “Nothing so pedantic, John. Really, you couldn’t have insulted me more.”
Sherlock should have known that Mycroft was up to something, but he had completely ignored the signs until the paperwork was presented to him.
“It appears so.”
“His name is Otto.” Sheol said with pride. “He’s intelligent, kind and the Holy Roman Emperor.”
Sherlock glared, sweeping into Angelo's dramatically. "What are you doing here, Mycroft?"
“No. Well, I suppose one final time.” John sighs. “But until then, I shall be on my best behaviour.”
" Victor snaps, as if that makes any more sense.
“And who might this soul-mate of yours be?” Greg asked after a long minute, a pleasant smile on his face. Though the idea of Sheol’s soul-mate appearing without word from God was worrisome, the joy on Sheol’s face was enough to make anyone smile.
“It’s a jumper, you berk.” John replied, tugging at the oatmeal fabric uncomfortably. “And I happen to like it, thank you very much.”
“It’ll be fun.” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s arm and tugging. He led Sherlock past the sitting room, opening the door to the rarely used library.
"John," Sherlock started softly, but he was interrupted almost immediately by a buzz from John's phone.
“Of course.” I say brightly, and Victor beams at me. “I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Hey, are you going to buy candy canes for the fundraiser?”
"Hey, do my clothes really look that good on me?" John teased, smirking at the persistent blush on Sherlock's cheeks.
"Sherlock," Molly interrupted.
"What?" John asked blankly.
John stood off the chair he had been occupying, following Siger into his and Violet’s bedroom. Siger’s clothes fit, and John thanked every deity that he owned several jumpers. He tugged on a striped one and a pair of jeans, then went to meet Siger in the sitting room where Sherlock was waiting, a sour look on his face.
Sherlock hummed, walking over to John once again. “We shake on it.”
Both Sebastian and Jim’s eyes widen as Victor storms off, leaving Sherlock behind. Sherlock mumbles a few apologies before following Victor. Sebastian huffs, clearly hurt, and I see Jim wrap an arm around him, leading him away from me.
!” She practically chirped, looking pleased. “Oh, go on, I haven’t seen you two kiss at all!”
"But they wrote it anonymously," John frowned. "And what if they aren't out yet? They clearly don't want everyone to know they like me."
"You've rather shown your hand there, little human," Moriarty chuckled as John flipped over to glare at him, blocking Sherlock from Moriarty's line of sight with his body. "As adorable as this is, I have to be going. Ciao, Sherlock Holmes."
“Of course you do.” The man looked confused, and he cocked his head to one side, accidently exposing a long column of neck…
Next chapter the story really gets started, and our favorite army doctor is back for good....
"Honeymoon?"
"Sherlock."
"Your team mates are trying to find your secret admirer," a silky voice said, and John was surprised to see Irene Adler standing in front of him. "You look surprised. You didn't have anything to do with this?"
"Shut up, what would you know? John and I are friends."
“Of course, Father.” Sherlock replied dully, his distaste for the interview showing through his voice.
"She's made some of the greatest strides in arithmancy in our time!" Jim said, looking excited. "I hear if you take arithmancy at Hogwarts, one of her books is required."
Ten years ago today, 'Mean Girls' was released in theaters! So, to celebrate, I decided to not only update this fic, but also post a one-shot. It's Sherlock's perspective of the Halloween party! Happy 'Mean Girls' day, everyone!
"I'm a good swimmer," John smiled tightly. "And I needed to save you."
"They were persuaded to check on the other prisoners while I visited," Jim replied icily. "You and I have important things to discuss."
“Angel of death.” John repeats. “Sherlock…I’ve been terrible, haven’t I?”
“What do you mean, he can steal souls from you?” Greg asked slowly.
"Sex holiday?" John asked, his voice sounding blank.
“Such a conundrum. Saving people and killing people.”
. Not because he wanted to kiss John. Of course he didn’t, and maybe if he continued to lie to himself, he would believe it. John had been a very nice kisser, after all, and he wouldn’t mind if he were put in the situation of having to kiss him again, regardless of feelings he was trying to ignore.
“I wanted to see you, to make sure you and your family are alright.” John said, sitting down next to him. Sherlock gave John a small smile, his stomach doing all sorts of gymnastics. Perhaps it wasn’t too late to tell John how he was feeling.
“Interesting.” Sherlock mumbles, but doesn’t elaborate further. I am about to ask him if he thinks that I have a connection to the case when his phone rings.
“But you can put it back, correct?” Sheol asked, sounding hopeful.
"Jim is just worried about you," Sebastian says. "You know him, he's got a big heart. No need to get freaked out."
“There has been a murder, and I require your assistance.” Sherlock looked positively gleeful.
"Romantic entanglements-"
“Does that mean you’re an alien?” John’s eyes widened.
"Irene Adler." The girl introduced herself, shaking Molly's hand.
“No, that’s not what I mean.” I roll my eyes. “Why are we hanging out?”
He swiped at the answer button, striding towards the back of the restaurant, making sure he was well out of earshot before answering. "Molly."
"You saved me twice there, Johnny boy," Jim said, looking impressed. "Thank you."
"I wish I could say the same to you," Sherlock drawled, looking bored.
broke up with
Sherlock could hear John pause, as if wondering if this was all some sort of trap, but less than a minute later his footsteps restarted, padding around the room. The door opened, then closed with a soft click, and Sherlock listened as John’s footsteps retreated.
the one that gets the first choice of
"I knew it!" Tom cried, looking pleased. "You're drawn to him...you
"He chose Tom," Sherlock said, collapsing in a chair. "He chose Tom."
“I will, Father.” Sherlock said before hearing the phone being passed once again to his mother.
John Watson had been living with Sherlock Holmes for five months, and he had never been happier. Not that he would admit it, of course, nor did that mean he no longer wanted his freedom.
"Why did he break up with you?" Sebastian asks, taking a bite out of an apple.
"No guarantees," Sherlock grinned. "He's too nosy for his own good."
“What are you-” Lestrade’s panicked voice tapered off as he looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. His sharp eyes, slightly glassy from the effects of the alcohol, completely unfocused for a few seconds before snapping back into reality. Sherlock smiled gently at him.
Sheol and destruction are insatiable; so the eyes of man are never satisfied. Proverbs 27:20 Darby Bible Translation.
Sherlock was famous for his temper, and even more famous for his genius. If you got on his bad side, he would pick you apart and reveal your darkest secrets. Or so John had been told. He had seen the aftermath of Sherlock's deductions a few times, but he had never witnessed it for himself. Whenever John was in the room, Sherlock seemed to claim up before disappearing, which frustrated John to no end.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, ignoring the man as he swept out of the morgue. Really, if the man even knew half of what Sherlock did, he wouldn't want to have anything to do with romance either.
"Air," He spoke aloud, words swallowed by a bubble in the water. It was only then that Sherlock passed out.
"We don't know," McGonagall said. "There's no reason for him to have left, no one that has anything against him. Nothing."
John laughed, shaking his head. “Well, I didn’t count on Sherlock coming back from France looking like sex on two legs.”
"Okay, look. You've got to stop." John said, amused as Sebastian's eyes widened in surprise.
“The contract is finished.” Sherlock said, “Now we shall seal it with a kiss.”
Sherlock looked up when Victor abruptly cut off, and his stomach plummeted.
“Of course! Lunch table, same time, same place. Just don’t be too angry at Sebby.”
"Hmph." Sherlock huffed. "Do be a dear and give that to John. He won't feel as guilty if it’s you handing him his freedom. Perhaps he'll leave faster."
But he wasn't Sherlock.
"Great! Tomorrow at seven work for you?"
Robottko
"Idiot," Sherlock sighed, his eyes falling upon his coat, the scarf still wrapped around the collar. "Did he not pay attention to anything Molly had said?"
“Her fiancé was kidnapped.” Dimmock piped in. “I should say so.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Something boring.” Sherlock waved off the question with a flick of his wrist. “I couldn’t be bothered to learn.”
"Oh," John reached up, touching the singed ends of his hair. "Well, I've had worse."
"You were an army doctor," He said without preamble. The words caused John to freeze in place, and he turned to look at Sherlock.
"Now we wait."
“I just…I don’t know.” I stutter slightly, trying to figure out a way to repair whatever damage Victor had done at that stupid Halloween party. “I miss going on cases with you.”
"Mike Stamford found this on The Wall," Irene shrugged. "So they enhanced it and plastered it to every surface available. This has been going on since Wednesday, I'm surprised you haven't seen anything."
“Make any…no!” I go red from embarrassment. “It’s not like that.”
"I'm sorry," Sherlock said hurriedly as he pulled away. "Oxygen deficiency to my brain. I didn't mean...that is to say, I
"Lestrade?" I ask, surprised. "Are you related to Greg Lestrade?"
Shooting a look of disbelief at Sherlock, I wave a hand at my parents. “Sherlock, this is my mum and dad. Mum and dad, Sherlock. Now, we have to go study.”
"You want your wife back." The demon sneered at the scraggly looking blonde woman. The state of her sobriety was questionable, though she appeared to be better off than anyone else in the pub. "And you are attempting to sell your soul for such a request...how dull. Unfortunately for you, your soul is worthless. Goodbye, Harriet Watson."
“Thank goodness my garden is already perfect. I’ll throw something together tomorrow.”
“It’s hideous.”
“Human-” John began before being choked by the metal collar digging to his neck as Sherlock walked away. He followed with an angry sound, silently plotting the best way to kill Sherlock and Mycroft.
Yes, John Watson was happy, and of course, it could never last.
All that's left is the epilogue! Hopefully I'll have it published on Christmas.
"You're ridiculous." John curled his fingers around one of Sherlock's many ringlets, enjoying the smoothness.
"Yeah, you are." John confirmed, feeling miserable. He had only gotten to have a handful of conversations with Sherlock, and now he would never want to speak to John again.
“What on earth is going on?” Father exclaimed, looking befuddled.
Sherlock could feel John’s eyes on him, and he glanced up, making sure he was paying attention. He supressed a shiver at the intensity in John’s eyes.
“No.” The handler sighed. “He’s much too crafty with the collars. This one will not only shock him if he’s misbehaved, but it will inject a sedative if need be. It was designed with him in mind.”
“Where’s Victor?” John could hear Sherlock from the other side of the door, and he swore silently, praying that the other line would pick up.
“No, please…” Sherlock debated on running, but Irene popped up, an unreadable look on her face.
“Don’t be so pedantic,” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Come out with it, who is it?”
Sherlock laid in bed for a half an hour, listening to the futile search of John’s. His footsteps quickly got erratic and frustrated, but never louder. Even while in the midst of being kidnapped, John seemed to be nothing if not polite.
"Brutus is just as cute as Caesar. Brutus is just as smart as Caesar. People totally like Brutus just as much as they like Caesar. And when did it become okay for one person to be the boss of everybody, huh? Because that's not what Rome is about. We should totally just stab Caesar!"
I was in my bathroom, attempting to figure out how to apply product in my hair-really, that stuff is difficult to figure out-when my phone buzzes. I jump slightly before picking up the mobile, surprised to see an unknown number instead of Mike asking when he would get his shirt back. I open the message, frowning at its contents.
“He has the power to steal souls from me.” Sherlock stated, watching as Greg’s face went slack in shock.
Their boats bumped against the shore, and they clamoured out before making their way towards the great doors.
His eyes snapped open to look for the sound of the intruder, finding him almost instantaneously. The human from earlier, the one that observed so keenly, lay above him on the scaffolding the other humans used to feed him. He was stretched across the metal, looking down at John with obvious curiosity.
“So, have you figured out where the killer is?” John asked.
"Not exactly." Mycroft sighed. "We were never dating."
There were multiple cops dancing to the music, some of them obviously drunk. Mary tapped on the door impatiently, waiting for one to assist her.
"Ah...” Sherlock said, understanding lighting up his face. "You thought I would join your cause."
“So…Victor.” Mycroft mused aloud, a knowing glint in his eye. Sherlock rolled his eyes, diverting the subject.
"Damn it," Sherlock muttered, slowly speeding up to weave around the light, early morning traffic. The car followed seamlessly, keeping enough of a distance to not arouse suspicion.
"Oh?" I stand to face him. "What is that, exactly?"
“We’re stopping here for petrol?” The blond asked warily. “It looks like the set of a horror movie.”
“Was it?” Sherlock asked mildly.
"The way you hold yourself suggests that you are thinking about going into the military. When you are thinking about it, you keep your posture military-rigid, though you quickly relax when your attention is other places. Your books in your nap sack tell me that you're going to train to be a doctor, and to pay for schooling with the military. You don't come from an affluent background, suggested by your hand-me-down nap sack from your brother, and slightly used clothes- not that they don't look good on you- so that only confirms my army doctor hypothesis. You like rugby, but you don't love it. Your father wants you to be in it, however, so you work your hardest to make him proud. You don't make friends easily. That's not to say that you aren't popular, but it takes a lot for you to trust someone, so those that consider themselves to be your friends actually aren't."
“Thank you, Ms Hooper.” Lestrade said, grabbing the piece of paper. “You have been a huge help.”
“You don’t want to sit there.” I hear a voice say, and I looked for the source. Two guys a couple seats down were looking back at me with identical grin’s on their faces. Both of them were brunette, but the slimmer of the two was already starting to go silver. “Sally Donovan sits there. It’s right next to her boyfriend, Mark Anderson, and they spend their time getting to know each other better.” The one with the brown and silver hair boy continued.
“But I want to. You’re my friend now, and Sherlock is my friend. And that’s what friends do!” Victor sounds excited now. “Oh, you guys would make such a cute couple.”
“You’d be fine.” John said, grabbing the last box out of the boot, then closing it with a slam. The cabbie took this as permission to leave, and he quickly ambled off. “Let’s get all this stuff upstairs.”
"Yes," Sherlock gulped. "More than alright."
“Ah, hello John.” Sherlock says, the annoyance falling off his face when he glances up at me. “I would say it’s been a pleasure running into you, but I rather loath the obvious pun the sentence promotes.”
Sherlock replaced his mobile back into his pocket, glancing once over at John. "Case."
"I see no point in it," Sherlock admitted. "Why?"
“We’ll have to see about getting you clothes.” Violet chatted, setting a plate full of sausage down on the table in front of him. “Sherlock tells me that you were both so quick to leave that you forgot your bags!”
“You haven’t.” Sherlock said slowly. “I just…I don’t exactly want you to die just yet.”
"Now, what were you
"You can't stick around for one last goodbye?" Their father, Siger asked as he came through the platform, a black and yellow Hufflepuff tie peeking out from the collar of his jumper.
"I suppose I would go home." John answered hesitantly, a bemused smile on his face that Sherlock didn't understand.  "I would live as a free man with those I love."
“Me.” Another doctor swept in, his robes a lovely purple. His hair was curly, not unlike the other doctors, but his eyes made him stand out. While the other ‘doctors’ had average blue eyes, this man had shining blue-green. They were like small galaxies, colours constantly changing and shifting. The other ‘doctors’ seemed to hold this one in great respect, and they hastily backed away from him, heads bent low in what appeared to be reverence. “Homo sapiens, goes by the name of John Watson. He is a medical doctor on earth, intelligent among his race, and considerably brave. I have been watching him for a long time.”
“What do you mean?”
Ten minutes later John crawled out of bed, making his way to the bathroom. He quickly showered and brushed his teeth, and, feeling more human than he had since yesterday, re-entered his room with just a towel around his waist. He had to remember to stifle his shout when he saw Sherlock sitting on his bed once more.
“Mummy…” Sherlock mumbled, but his parents ignored him.
." Father said. "What you did was incredible, and I am so sorry for not encouraging you to do this sooner."
“Mine’s from Victor!” Jim chirps happily.
“A murder?” The DI scoffed. “What makes you think it was a murder?”
“Making out.” The other says with a hearty chuckle. I cough in mortification, heading for a different seat.
“They’re my favourite.” Sherlock replied.
“You do?” A bright smile spread across John’s face, and Sherlock had to avert his eyes.
“Don’t have much of a choice, do I?” John asked, rattling his chains.
“Oh god, yes.”
“Gabriel?” John frowned. “Like, the arch-angel?”
"I'm just curious what sort of gossip kids have these days." John replied.
“What sort of business?” John asked.
century garb told him everything he needed to know.
all related. There were similarities, sure, but something about the group indicated that they were merely colleagues, not related at all.
Naturally, the small coffee shop was completely packed, and Sherlock didn’t have any time to brood about the mood his father would be in when he discovered that he had missed the interview. He had just stepped behind the counter, tying his apron on as he went, when his co-worker Molly bounced up to him, cheeks flushed from all the running around she had been doing.
"Hey, maybe you'll be the same height as me when you get back." John teased with a wink.
"The rest of them were fine?" Sherlock asked, nodding at the chocolate.
“No, I can’t.” Sherlock pants, pushing away from me, looking guilty. “I’m sorry, I…can’t cheat on Victor.”
“Oh no?”
“No. He was going to bring his arse of a boyfriend- oh gosh, I’m so sorry!” Molly covered her mouth, embarrassed that she had said a swear word in front of the police. “Anyway, Victor broke up with Sherlock that very afternoon, so he went by himself.”
The third and fourth time were very similar. Both involved a homemade noose, and both times Sherlock snapped it before it could so much as tighten. John barely got two words in before Sherlock vanished with a dramatic flair of his coat. He assumed that John would stop with this ridiculous charade if he didn’t encourage the bad behaviour, but only two hours later he found him standing on top of a large building, prepared to jump.
Jim opens his mouth to say something, but he is quickly cut off by Victor.
The Shining One visits Sheol and his friend-brothers...
Mycroft opened his mouth to respond with something most likely scathing, when he was interrupted by Violet’s happy cheer.
"What else can you deduce about me?" John replied. "Give me your best."
John leaned over and pressed a quick kiss to Tom's cheek. "Thank you for everything."
John decided he would feel angrier after he woke up. Right now, however, he was just too exhausted to feel anything other than sleepy. The fog quickly rushed in, and before the darkness of unconsciousness took him, he could briefly hear Sherlock whisper: “Oh, John. I have big plans for you.”
“Oh, ever since I was young, really. I’ve always wanted to help people, but medical school was expensive, so I joined the army to help pay for it.”
“Because you’re my friend, silly.”
It was not a great experience.
“He grabbed my hand,” John replied.
Sherlock sighed dramatically, stuffing his hands into his brand new Belstaff coat. "If you expect me to explain everything, you'll never get anywhere. Now leave."
Victor made a face. "Gryffindor."
"No, I didn't!" John replied angrily. "Why would you ask something so stupid?"
“Yes,” Sheol says, not paying attention when Greg vanishes.
He started when his name was called, making his way up to the stool. He sat, taking in the whole of the Great Hall staring at him before the hat slipped over his eyes.
are you wearing?” Sherlock sounded affronted.
“We brought you gifts!” Abel burst, his face in awe. The Shining One responded with a low chuckle that reminded Sheol of his own laugh.
“Such an attentive boyfriend.” John quipped, and Sherlock spared him a quick glare before refocusing on the road in front of him.
“No.” John sounded almost hesitant this time. “Your family isn’t all bad. Well, minus you. But I’ve got people to get back to.”
“Hello.” Sherlock replied, trying to replicate the facial greeting.
“Hang on, who said anything about flatmates?”
“So you’re a…a…”
“That was your fault. You were informed that there was a sedative in the collar when we were at the human corrections facility.”
"I proved that while the murder was being committed, Angelo was all the way across town burglarizing a house," Sherlock explained when he saw John's shocked look.
“And gave me the best Christmas I’ve had in
"Like I said," The creature replied. "You haven't been trying."
Siger beamed at him as if he had paid Sherlock the highest of compliments. John knew that Sherlock’s family loved him, but it was clear that they didn’t expect a lot of positive comments about him, even from his apparent boyfriend.
"Well, solving crimes can wait," John grinned at him. "We're going to learn how to fly first."
“Thank you.” Sheol said, and he returned to Earth to continue his work.
“Alright, your majesty. I’ll be back soon.” I stand, stretching slightly before making my way towards the front of the lunchroom, my gaze focused on the cooler that held the milk.
“Live, Murray!” A voice said. ‘
“Sherlock.” Sherlock responded with a smirk, clearly enjoying John’s annoyance. “Don’t start with that ‘Master’ nonsense. It’s really most unbecoming of you.”
that I arrest the perpetrator," Sherlock replied, trying to wipe the grin off his face and failing miserably "How could I refuse?"
“I don’t know.” John chuckled as he realised Sherlock’s last statement was meant to be a jest. “I’ve already had a lot of excitement over the past few days. Some mad genius kidnapped me from a coffee shop just two days ago...wow, was it really only two days ago?”
slave. Why don’t you have him on a leash?!”
Father sighed, and Sherlock gritted his teeth against the sound of pure disappointment. He assumed he would have been used to the sound by now, but it still put him on edge.
“No, it is Cain’s.” The angel fixed his icy stare on Cain. Stumbling to his feet, the young man backed away from Sheol, pain and terror in his face.
So he was running away for good, and nothing anyone could say would stop him.
"He cleared my name!"
Sherlock stood there, looking intimidating in the bright afternoon sunlight. The light that shone through his translucent body made the silver of his waistcoat gleam brightly. His arms were crossed tightly in front of his chest, and his eyes were narrowed in anger. John swallowed nervously, averting his eyes.
Today (August 31st) is my birthday, and as a birthday gift to all of you, I have decided to update this fic! (I just...I really enjoy giving presents, okay?) I apologize profusely that it has taken me over three months to update. Some personal drama happened as I began this chapter, and it has been difficult to get to my computer and sit down to write. You all deserve so much better than this, and I promise I will work harder to get chapters out in the future. You are all such lovely people, and you shower my measly little fic with your beautiful kudos and comments. Seriously, I would hug you if I could. I am so so so blessed to have you read this, really I am. Keep being amazing, okay?
"What do you mean?" John looked confused.
“You’re back.” John said as soon as Sherlock entered his mansion.
"Ha, bloody ha." John snorted. "I don't have a girlfriend."
"A bit soon to be meeting your parents, isn't it?" John joked weakly, earning another laugh from The Shining One.
"I've been giving you a hard time," John sighed. "Making your job difficult. If you tell me to stop, I will."
Greg turns the board around so I can read his list that was written in a messy scrawl.
He walked over to the hook, pulling the scarf free. If he took action now, he might be able to catch Tom before his blind date gave up looking for him.
"Welcome t' Hogwarts." Hagrid's booming voice carried easily over the water. "Best wizarding school in th' whole world!"
Sherlock didn't hear the shower shut off, so deep in thought he was. The soft
“His name isn’t Victor, Mummy.” Sherlock said meekly, and all eyes turned to him.
and it is my absolute favorite children's Christmas story. Like, 'Twas the Night before Christmas' is great and all, but Willowby is awesome. I never really see it around, so I don't know if it's more popular in other places than here, or what, but I thought I could spread the word of this glorious book.
"All he knows about Tom is his name," Molly said. "The rest is all you, Sherlock."
“I’ve been invited to Victor Trevor’s annual Halloween party.” I tell Greg and Mike. It’s the early morning, and we’re currently hiding behind the school. Not my idea, of course. Mike seems to think that we need to hide when we hang out. Something about not giving away my secret identity or something, as if I’m some kind of superhero.
“Well, I did get to meet you, didn’t I?” John said softly. “I think that counts.”
As it was, the most exciting of crimes happened to be between Sherlock’s flat, and the bank that was his intended destination. He had been walking along when a barrier of yellow police tape blocked his path. And really, could he be blamed for stopping to point out what the cops had gotten wrong?
“You’re like him, aren’t you?” John blurted out. “An angel.”
"Huh...maybe it's some weird hell magic or something," John said.
relationships, John."
“Oh god, you probably stormed in one day, told them about your boyfriend, then flounced off again.” John cut in, looking amused.
"I am in need of a human blood donor," Sherlock said. "You would be required to live with me, and feed me when I need it."
Not gonna lie, I don't normally update a fic as fast as I did this one, but I really wanted to give you guys a little Sherlock time, and a taste of Johniarty. (If you're reading for the MorMor, I am so sorry. It's mostly onesided in this fic.)
me! I think I’m allowed to be a bit dramatic.”
” Irene sounded disgusted now, and she ducked behind the counter. “That’s just
No one was entirely sure why dragons kept humans around after they won the war. Human’s, though edible, were not a dragon’s ideal choice in meat. Humans were slower than dragons, and hardly strong enough to be a means of free labour, even though that’s what they were normally used for. Each dragon was given a human as a slave at a young age. Most dragons kept the same slave over the course of the human’s lifetimes; the more slaves they employed, the more prosperous they were. Though dragons lived longer than humans, a majority of them didn’t go through more than three or four main slaves. Sherlock Holmes was not one of those dragons.
“Molly. The place looks…clean.” Sherlock said, sitting down in the chair in front of her desk. While other angels continued the white theme, Molly got rid of it entirely. Her desk was shiny black, and her chair a bright pink. The two chairs in front of the desk, reserved for guests, were a mismatched blue and orange, though it worked surprisingly well.
“Yes, I agree.” He heard Sherlock reply, his voice soft. “I’m rather lucky.”
“Sebastian was not my friend.” Sherlock reminded his father. “He broke my arm for telling him that his mother was cheating on his father with the mail man.”
"By swimming all the way to Hastings?" Sherlock asked.
"John." Sherlock said, wincing when he voice came out higher than normal. He half ran over to John's red armchair, freezing when he saw him sitting there, newspaper spread across his lap. "What are you doing here?"
"You swam that far?!" Sherlock coughed in surprise.
It's at that moment that Victor slinks up behind me, looking unbelievably smug, as usual. "You have the absolute worst taste in boyfriends, John. Everyone who likes you ends up dead."
"I cleared it a bit," Sherlock said.
"We would have freed them without the dramatics, Doctor Watson." Sherlock cut in. The blonde’s eyes widened fractionally at the use of his title, clearly surprised that a brunet would show such respect.
“What, stand outside a crime scene, demanding to be let in?” I chuckled.
John turned towards Sherlock, and gave him a reassuring look.
"Another present?" Sherlock repeated slowly, frowning up at him. “What do you mean, you got me another present?”
Sherlock shot John a pleased smile, wriggling ever so slightly in the red and gold armchair. "It was nothing special."
“No I haven’t.” John looked amused, struggling to sit up. Sherlock stopped him, putting a hand on his unwounded shoulder. “I would remember a face like yours.”
know?" John was still looking a bit dazed, and Sherlock wondered if he was going to hit him.
John groaned softly, remembering the pinch he felt as he removed the collar. “This was a test, wasn’t it? You were testing to see if I would escape?”
John thought to himself. “He’s definitely interesting.”
“You think so?” Sherlock asked timidly, waiting for John to claim that he had been joking.
"John Watson," Sherlock replied. "He's a Gryffindor."
The sky was a bright blue, and the sun made the air feel practically warm as it made the snow glitter like thousands of diamonds. Snow crunched softly under their feet as they strolled along a shovelled path towards a small wooded area near the estate.
"Well, I was sorta hoping that you'll come," John said, suddenly bashful. "I mean, I know we're playing Ravenclaw, and so you'll want to cheer for them. I just want all my friends to be there."
“Sherlock rarely comes to lunch.” Mike says finally. “And the only time he does, he sits with the Plastics.”
"Thank you," Sherlock said, sliding out from the booth. "I won't be gone long."
on you!" John whispered fiercely, leaning forward so no one else could hear.  "What kind of brother is he?"
“Shut up, yes it is.” Mike grins at me, and I toss a roll at his face.
“Oh, you like a man.” Father beamed at Mycroft. “Please don’t tell me that you were hesitant to tell us because of that.”
“But you hate being key-master.” Mycroft looked at Mummy and Father blankly. “Last year you practically tore apart the estate looking for your phone.”
"That's me." John steeled himself. "Now who the hell are you, and what are you doing in my bedsit?"
“Maybe it was just a drowning.” I respond, and Sherlock shoots me a glare.
"That was amazing," John said.
John continued his stroll towards him, and Sherlock debated on vanishing again. Of course, Sherlock needed to know why Greg had been talking to John, and vanishing would just upset him.
“Not your boyfriend.” John mumbled under his breath. He was silent for a second, and then: “What’s a consulting detective? I’ve never heard of it before.”
"So you've seen lots of injuries, then?" Sherlock asked, "Violent deaths?"
“It’s not your fault.” Donovan said soothingly. “You’ve been very helpful. Now, can you tell me where Mr Holmes took Mr Watson?”
John couldn’t help the smug smirk that crossed his face. Apparently the handler saw it, for a second later John was clinging to the wall to stay upright, electricity running along his muscles and bones.
“Nice job out there, John. You look…really good.” She says, her face reddening before darting back out onto the stage to continue the program.
“Yes.” Sherlock replied, pouring coffee beans into the espresso machine. “He’ll fit right in with them. Big businessman such as himself? Mycroft will love him, and don’t even mention my parents.”
“You came to those too?” John looked thrilled, his smile bigger than when they had won. “I thought you hated sports.”
“Mrs Hudson, dear.” She hummed, welcoming them in. The landing was small, and John could see a small staircase leading up to what he assumed would be their flat. “Just up this way! Come along!”
relationships.”
"Yeah, no you don't," John snorted. "You have the face that anyone would remember."
“Who the hell are you, and why are you here?” John finally hissed, glaring at the ghost who was haunting his room.
"Piss off," Sherlock replied dryly.
"I don't have any idea," Tom said with a shrug. "But I've always been too afraid to date another bloke, and it's worth a shot."
“Anyone could do this job!” Sheol said hotly. “Take anyone off the street and force it upon them!”
“John, please stop with the dramatics.”
"Even professors can be idiots," Sherlock said. "They see what's happening, but they're not
"Stop, it wasn't him!" I say, feeling a bit hysterical. Sherlock averts his eyes, looking embarrassed, but DI Lestrade looks at me in sympathy.
Sherlock turned to look, expecting to see Mycroft. It was John who stood behind him, however.
“Thank you.” Sherlock said, toying with the edges of the paper clutched in his grip. “That is very kind of you to say.”
“Carl who?” Sherlock asks, looking confused.
The room is silent as Sherlock's family muses over John's words. Sherlock couldn't bring himself to look at John, worried that he would find pity in his eyes.
"Oh yes. No police bursting through our door."
boyfriend.” John replied, watching the confusion on Sherlock’s face with glee. “And your family will absolutely adore me. That way, when the police come, you’ll look even worse.”
“No.” The blond said stiffly. “You’re insane.”
John laughed again, and the wriggling got worse. It was best to ignore the strange symptom for now, as he could do nothing to treat it. He needed to find a killer first.
“Me either,” Sherlock says. “When he comes, we’ll be ready for him.”
“Oh, Victor!” Violet called as soon as she saw them. “You’re just in time! We need someone to put the angel at the top of the tree.”
Sheol looked at the angel, shaking his head. “I have no idea what you mean.”
intermingled in the sounds of thousands of shuffling feet.
John sighed, watching Sherlock straighten his shoulders. He wasn’t terrible looking, that was true. Sherlock couldn’t have been much older than him when he died, and it was obvious he took pride in his appearance. A long black coat draped over an ornamented silver waistcoat. Black breeches fit snugly against his thighs, making the white stockings on his calves pop tastefully. Even his shoes were shined to perfection.
“My pleasure.” Irene replied. “I was going to ask if you wanted me to use them on you, but it looks like the old saying is correct: all the cute ones are gay.”
“But of course.” Sherlock smiled before turning away, making sure no one was watching as he hid the phones and keys.
Sherlock sneered at the banner strung across the top of the London aquarium.
“But Mary-”
He broke off when he caught sight of John, a red and green Christmas towel slung low on his hips.
"Of course," Sherlock replied.
"You ruined my fun," Jim pouts. "Sherlock was supposed to be stuck in here, not you."
relieved that I didn't have to wrestle a griffin."
"Everything is perfect," John said with a grin.
"Now, I add this small quantity of blood to a litre of water. You perceive that the resulting mixture has the appearance of pure water. The proportion of blood cannot be more than one in a million. I have no doubt, however, that we shall be able to obtain the characteristic reaction." Sherlock rattled off, dropping a white crystal into the water, followed by clear liquid. Sure enough, a brownish dust formed at the bottom of the container. Watson looked impressed with his discovery, and Sherlock grinned, preening slightly."Tell me though, how do you know that I’ve been to Afghanistan?”
Laying Otto on the ground, Sheol began to tremble, tears flowing down his cheeks. Otto was not supposed to die, he hadn’t had the glow of leaving soul. Placing his hands on Emperor’s chest, he tried to will the soul back into his body, but to no avail. Otto was gone.
Sheol knows that Mycroft is visiting him frequently to make sure he isn’t affected by the deaths, and he works hard to make the angel proud. Mycroft visits him so much, that Sheol begins to wonder if he is the only angel in heaven. It isn’t until later that he meets Gabriel.
Yours truly,
“I kidnapped you.” Sherlock reminded him seriously.
"Your limp is disappearing," Sherlock said by way of greeting.
“It’ll work.” Greg says to me, and I can see Mike smiling cheerfully behind him. “Seb may be closer to Jim, but he practically worships the ground Victor walks on.”
“And why would you need
John had been silent during dinner. Sherlock hadn’t been surprised of course, but his family was slightly put out.
“A colleague?” Watson repeated dumbly, looking shocked. Sherlock sighed slightly, tugging at the chains to encourage him to walk.
"Sherlock," John tried the name out, satisfied at the feel of it in his mouth. "It is very...interesting to meet you. My name is John."
“All alone?” Sheol asks, raising a dark eyebrow. “I would much rather you and Abel come with me. The adventure would be all the more exciting.”
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
“Eat up, Victor.” Violet Holmes said, smiling brightly at him. “You’re as skinny as a beanpole.”
to go."
“Don’t play innocent,” Mycroft said, looking pleased with himself. “It was clear that Victor was just a paid actor…at least, at first. Now, it seems that he’s much fonder of you…”
“You’ll share that sentiment with my family.” Sherlock promised. “The wishing to be rid of me, that is. Don’t worry about not fitting in with them.”
“Um…yeah. Okay.” I agree.
Candy canes and picture frames,
Sheol tried to get between the brothers, placing his hands out to keep them at bay. The black gloves the Shining One gave him contrasting with his white arms. “Friend-brothers, please-”
Sherlock chuckled, taking the human’s hand in his own and giving it a quick shake. “Sherlock Holmes. Pleasure.”
“Mary, I-”
This was the ghost of a jealous ex-boyfriend, John was sure, and he had just gotten in the middle of everything.
"Yeah, you probably could," John agreed. "You saw my sister's butterbeer problem, and you never even
“Right. Good.” I respond without thinking. “Christ…I mean…
"I know that," John replied. "I just wanted you to talk to me."
“I’ve found it! I’ve found it!” Sherlock cried, turning towards the two men approaching him. One of them was his trusted servant Stamford, the other was a man he didn’t know. The stranger had blond hair, and a thick blond moustache. He was short, tan, and skinny as a lath. "I have found a re-agent which is precipitated by hæmoglobin, and by nothing else.”
Snagging a paint brush and a cup full of black paint from the art department had been easy. He had timed it well, so that the entire school would be dismissed as he was finishing up his masterpiece.
to get her wife back.”
“Of course, that’s what friends do, isn’t it?” The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them, and he looked at John in panic, worried that he had made a mistake.
Sherlock felt a surge of pride for his friend, and he settled back into his seat to watch Victor pop another chocolate into his mouth.
“No.” Sherlock snorted. “The nearest inhabited building is over fifteen kilometres away. You’ll be walking for ages.”
"Sherlock," Molly warned, finally looking away from the cadaver to glare at Sherlock. "Timing!"
"What do you mean?" John interrupted.
John glared at Donovan, sidling up to Sherlock’s side. The body lying next to them was that of a human slave. The body was heavily bruised, and it was obvious that some bruises were fresher than others.
“Messed it up?” Greg asked, looking confused.
John laughed softly, sitting down next to him and grabbing the book, opening it.
"Your tail," Sherlock said after a moment, gesturing down. "There's some scarring on your right caudal fin. Which was it, a boat propeller or coral?"
"Yes, well, you have the ability to turn my whole world on its head," Sherlock replied dryly.
"I...yeah. I just have to get going." John said, ignoring the people that had stopped to watch the drama unfold.
"Do what?" Sherlock shook his head, a confused frown on his face.
Sherlock sighed as he finished his duties for the day. John had been fairly quiet, something that worried Sherlock immensely. It had been at least twenty-four hours since John’s last attempt, and the silence was concerning.
, and he would always look.
Sherlock placed the car into drive once more, driving off the pier in a final move. The colours of the piers amusement park whirled by before vanishing, the darkness of the water swallowing the light.
“Not a curse, Sheol. A gift.” Otto corrected as he had many times before. “And I don’t care about the risks.”
"But why?" I can't help but feel a bit lost. "Why did you do it? And why those people?"
“Of course it was incredible.” I chuckle, slightly.
"Please, Mr Holmes?" Tom asked, clasping his hands together in supplication. "I'll return it as soon as possible."
“John is a good man.” Sherlock agreed softly. “I apologise for all the hurt I have caused the both of you.”
"Come on, it's on me then," John said, pulling out his wallet.
“I care not.” Otto said forcefully. “For I have you. I love you, Sheol.”
"Say yes! Oh you
"I...we should get you back to St Bart's." Flustered once more, Sherlock turned and flagged down a cab. "Maybe we can still catch Tom."
"Because I won't leave you alone until you do," Irene replied, looking devious. "And if you don't want to break your secret admirer’s heart, you cough it up. He'll be here any minute."
"Wow, that was a bit...well, creepy, to be honest." The human said with a shake of his head. “The name is Greg Lestrade, it’s nice to meet you.”
Emperor Otto III had been the Holy Roman Emperor for nearly six years. A handsome man around the age of twenty one, he ruled Germany and the Roman Empire with an iron fist, letting nothing stand in his way.
It was John, his tan skin a stark contrast for Sherlock’s. It gripped his wrist, as if he had gone to throw Sherlock’s hand off, but stopped mid-movement. Sherlock stared at the hand before looking up, gasping audibly when dark blue met silver.
“Yes, he is.” She said fondly, looking between John and Sherlock. “He is special.”
“But I-”
"Bit of a cynic, are you?" Tom chuckled. "Love works in mysterious ways."
Sherlock blinked down at him in confusion. "What are you talking about?"
“No, you’re correct.” Greg mused. “But he is the cause of the first soul you had to reap.”
With his parting words, Sherlock vanished. If he had asked anyone what happened after he left, he would have been told of how John Watson looked for him, asked every officer if they had seen the pale man in the long coat. They would have explained how John tried to find him, even as they dragged him in for surgery; how, as the weeks dragged by, John convinced himself that he imagined the handsome man in the desert.
"They're idiots, John," Sherlock said.
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
“The short, dark haired one is Jim Moriarty.” Mike says. “He’s super cute, and super dumb. He’s from Ireland, though, so all the girls and guys like him.”
“Ta for that.” John rolled his eyes. “I’m not taking fashion advice from a two hundred year old dead guy.”
“Yeah, and he cheats on Sherlock every day.” Sebastian grumbles, not noticing when I freeze in place. “In the auditorium sound booth immediately after school. With Irene Adler.”
“Where does Sherlock sit?” I blurt out, causing both boys to look at me.
Yours,
“No, dear. Mr Hudson died a few years back. Oh, no condolences needed, he wasn’t a very nice man.” Mrs Hudson explained. “I married him young. I was probably about John’s age when we married. My unmarried name was Sissons, but it didn’t seem right to go back to it…here we are!”
"Wait...what?" John frowned.
"If I have my way, it will be." Sherlock said, standing up and enveloping Molly with a tight hug. "I have to be going."
“Calm down, Donovan.” Sherlock sighed. “He’s no threat to you. Like I said, he’s here to assist me. Come here, John.”
"Yeah, no, Tom is with me right now," John was telling Mike, his cane all but dangling in his hand. He sat down next to Sherlock, leaning it on the seat next to him. "Right, thank you again, Mike."
.” John replied. “I cannot thank you enough for that.”
detectives.” Father butted in, and Sherlock groaned.
"Alright now, get up." A voice said, causing both Sherlock and John to look around.
“But Victor doesn’t spike his hair anymore…” I begin, slightly confused.
assistance?”
Victor looks at Carl with a smile on his face, though it’s unlike any smile I’ve seen before. Victor looks like he would very much like to tear Carl apart. Carl takes a step back, any smugness completely gone.
“How did you know about the doctor part?” He asked, his voice sounding almost strained.
Autumn fell upon the castle quickly, and winter followed soon after, and before Sherlock knew it, Christmas break was upon them. He had pleaded with mummy to stay at the castle, but even Mycroft had to come home.
"It's Tom," John said slowly, looking surprised. "He says he still wants to go on a date."
"It could be dangerous," Sherlock said with a shrug. He winked once at Watson, before turning and strolling away. Just a few more steps and-
"Of course," Sherlock shrugged. "You were self-conscious and wanted it gone."
"Just as my son was born a human, so too were you," The Shining One replied kindly. "Sherlock needed to find you, and you needed to understand what it was like to be human before you took on the full weight of your responsibilities."
Sheol took a step back, hurt swimming through his eyes. He stared at his angel-brother in confusion and anger. How could Mycroft deny him this one request? He had never asked for anything like this before.
The glow began to recede as Sherlock willed it back into John’s body, and Sherlock let out a cry of relief. The wound on his shoulder was still bleeding, but John wasn’t in any danger of dying. Sherlock continued to push, jumping when a hand clasped his.
"You're still alive." The relief was evident, and John reached up to stroke his cheek in response.
After landing on the soft grass, Sherlock placed the Shooting Star back into the shed. Then, he and John made their way back to the castle, chatting happily the whole way.
“When the police are out of their depth- which is always- they consult me.”
Robottko
"Not at all, brother mine." Mycroft replied smoothly. "It can be very advantageous, at times."
Sherlock watched as John left, the door closing softly behind him. He watched the door, counting the seconds, minutes, and moments since John had left. He watched the door until he knew John was gone, and then he left, a quick shout to Mrs Hudson that he was leaving as the only proof he had been there at all.
He hung up without as much as a goodbye, his eyes glittering. "There's been a murder."
John snorted as he rubbed at the collar around his neck. He never wore it at home, and the only time he put it on was when he was going to be spending a large amount of time in public.
"Thank you, Molly," Sherlock said. "I should go now."
Before John could contemplate the pros and cons of pummelling the shite out of Anderson, Lestrade came into the room.
"Do you want some chocolate?" Victor asked, holding the box out to Sherlock.
"But..." Sherlock tried to speak around the ballooning warmth in his chest. "You said you wanted to be with those you love?"
“Oh, well done.” Violet clapped, and John took a bow, much to the amusement of Siger and Violet, and the annoyance of Sherlock.
“Are you offering me a job?” John asked, clearly amused. “I didn’t think you could date someone you worked with.”
“You’re my guardian angel, aren’t you?” John asked excitedly.
“Well, you fell down, and were knocked unconscious. I brought you to Molly’s car, and now we’re heading to Yorkshire to meet my family.” Sherlock explained.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what he could do to convince John to play the doting boyfriend, however. He lay in their bunkroom, trying desperately to think of how to break John out of his shell when a voice whispered from the top bunk:
“It is either you, or her.” Sherlock cut him off. “Her soul will be destroyed.”
It was the nicest dinner Sherlock had ever had, so naturally, it couldn’t last.
"John..." Sherlock spoke again, eyes flicking towards him. "If you were granted your freedom...if you could go anywhere, where would you go?"
“No, thank you.” I say, grinning. “You always do know how to make my day better.”
“There are multiple bruises, some are healing, and others are fresh. This person has been subjected to this kind of treatment before.” John replied, “Not surprising, seeing as they’re a human slave.”
"Yes." Sherlock said. "I don't
“Oh, what’s her name?” Mummy cooed happily.
“Really? Because it sure looked like it.”
"Yes." He admitted, sounding almost guilty. "Not with that ring, obviously. That's the wedding band, not the engagement ring, but I was going to propose, yes."
"Aren't you supposed to be eating with your own house?" The prefect asked, raising an eyebrow at him. Sherlock struggled to recall his name, having promptly forgotten as soon as he learned it that first night.
“You did the right thing, love.” Tom said, going to hug her.
Only Sheol noticed Cain’s face darken.
The DI looked completely befuddled, not that Sherlock was very surprised. Most people looked this way whenever he was talking. Victor had always walked off at this point, claiming he needed to get away from all the ‘ridiculous talk’.
"I didn't want to assume," Sherlock said with a shrug.
"Wait!" She called, and the demon rolled his eyes, turning back to her. "What about family? I have...I have a brother. He's a good bloke. A soldier..."
“Abel, awaken.” Sheol said. Abel did not respond, so Sheol shook him harder. “Abel!”
“Right. Well it was nice meeting you Mr Holmes, but I’m going to have to ask you to leave the premises now.” The DI said.
"Anderson." The answer was hesitant.
"Oh?" Sherlock tried to feign innocence. "That's a shame. Tom said he was looking forward to it."
“Cases?” John frowned.
me, you’re merely stuck with me.”
With a heavy, put-upon sigh, Mycroft handed Sherlock his phone and keys. Sherlock smirked at him, turning to press a kiss to Mummy’s cheek.
(See the end of the chapter for
The air outside was brick, quickly chilling the exposed air around Sherlock's neck. He tugged the scarf on with ease, keeping himself warm until he could find the sentimental idiot.
"Yeah." Sherlock stood, and John mimicked him. They were nearly the same height now, something Sherlock constantly pointed out to John.
“Invited yesterday.” I say, quickly taking a wedge of orange and popping it into my mouth. “Victor saved me from Carl….um…” I never did catch a last name
“What? What is it?” Sherlock asked, surprised when realisation dawned on Greg’s face. “What do you know?”
Cain walked over, his anger fading to worry. “What has happened, Sheol?”
“I do, though I have yet to see your hand tremble.” Sherlock said, giving John’s hand a cursory look. John frowned, lifting his hand to stare at it in confusion.
He turned away from the blonde, annoyed that his time had been wasted so poorly.
"What do you mean, you're going to France for the summer?" John frowned at Sherlock, who sat across from him in their normal seats in the library. It was the day before summer break, and Sherlock was itching to leave the school, even if it meant he wouldn't get to see John.
Oh, he needed to stop thinking.
Bill let out a low whistle, shaking his head. “He’s got a thing for blonds, let me tell you. I figured he would have waited longer after the death of his boyfriend before pursuing someone, though.”
“John Watson. Is it that obvious?” John smiled wryly.
John was undeniably good at Quidditch, scoring several points right away. The Ravenclaw keeper couldn't keep up with John, who swooped through the players as if he had been playing forever. A few times Sherlock caught himself cheering with the Gryffindors, not that he was the only one; several Ravenclaws were getting elbowed by their neighbours for the exact same reason.
"Of course it did," Molly sighed. "You pretend to forget someone's first name when they annoy you. But you always remember, I know you do."
John shifted, digging for the gift in his back pocket, his heart racing with nerves. God, but he wasn’t sure how this gift would be received. Sherlock had failed to deduce it, something that John was initially proud of, but his subconscious nagged at him, making him think it was because maybe Sherlock didn’t
“When?”
Sherlock stares at me for a moment before gracing me with a small smile. “I have not, no. I’ve been stuck in a rut. There seems to be a connection with Jennifer Wilson and Carl Powers, but I haven’t found one yet.”
All too soon, it was time to take the soul of the great Kublai Khan, and the man came peacefully, his glow almost warm. Of course, that could be Sheol’s fanciful nature, but as he handed the soul to Greg, a bit of that warmth receded.
“Yes, about that.” John said, following Sherlock around the mansion. “What exactly am I supposed to do around here, anyway?”
“He’ll go absolutely crazy.” Mike agrees. “It’s fool proof.”
"Anything. Everything," Sherlock snapped. "Now, I have important things to do."
“Yes, I suppose you can.” Mycroft looked amused, and he pulled out the phone, handing it to John. “Just don’t let Sherlock see. He’s the keymaster, you know, and apparently he’s taking his job
"Mycroft, leave." Sherlock said, turning once more to glare at his brother.
was kidnapped from here two days ago.”
Robottko
“The Shining One?” Cain asks, surprise clear on his face. “He wants to visit us here?” The surprise turns to joy, then to terror. “We haven’t done anything wrong, have we brother?”
“Six months ago.” Bill replied, looking as if he didn’t believe what John had told him. “His name was Sebastian Moran, and he and Moriarty had been dating for years.”
"Oh god, what has she done now?" John groaned, making his way to his bed and sitting down, the springs squeaking in protest. "Drank all her money away? Are you part of a...a gang or something?"
I look over to see a beaming Jim Moriarty and an amused looking Sebastian Moran. I give them a weak smile and clear my throat.
John froze, his mouth hanging open in shock. His skin prickled with embarrassed heat, and his stomach felt like it was full of ice. He should have been more careful, especially around Irene Adler. He should have
