It’s Wednesday afternoon and Sherlock is sitting in Peter Morse’s reception area. His secretary, a young man around 25, had offered him tea or coffee because Peter was running late. Sherlock is wondering why both John and the secretary call him Peter and not Dr Morse.
After much investigation Mycroft concluded that little brother was interested in men in an abstract way. Specifically in soldiers if they were in magazines featuring soldiers.
A smile appears on Sherlock’s face. Richard!
“Do you need a hand on your—”?
Be kind to yourself.
Sherlock had petulantly accepted to live at John’s after being told that if he didn’t Mycroft would take him in at his house! That prospect had shaken Sherlock really badly, living in his brother’s mausoleum of a house. The spare room at John’s was a slightly better alternative, even if he felt like he trespassed into Mary’s home.
John and Sherlock’s relationship is better, but not as good as it was before the Fall. They go on a few cases when John doesn’t work or has to take care of Rosie. Sometimes Rosie and he stay over at Baker Street for a night. John doesn’t know what he should do to make things better between him and Sherlock.
Immediately John feels jealousy pour through his body. “Have you?!” His voice has an accusation in it.
At the same time he’s hoping that Sherlock will realize that going into a full commitment with Richard at this point in his life, given how rocky his feelings are for John, wouldn’t be good.
“YES, you’ve been swanning around your flat every morning in only a bathrobe! For heaven's sake, John!”
“You’re right to not have forgiven me for hurting you in so many ways. Hitting you when you were high. That’s why we’re talking about this in therapy and not now.”
Father Holstii is very embarrassed. Getting up, he goes over to a little table that has a carafe with water and glassware, with shaky hands pours water into one of the glasses and drinks.
Anything that has to do with hands, like masturbation.
“Sebastian: he knew about my relationship with my first boyfriend. He used my feelings of being without an anchor in my life. I was young and foolish and thought maybe Sebastian could be what my first boyfriend had been for me. Stupid!”
**********
That makes John giggle, “You make it sound like I would be a delicious girl!” Sherlock's response is quick and resolute.
Tonight Rosie is with Molly and her new boyfriend, Ian. She is finally getting over her infatuation in Sherlock. She and Ian have been dating for four months, and Molly is interested to see how Ian reacts to a child. John has emphasized to her to call if it becomes too much for Ian or Rosie.
“Too many clothes!” John growls and tries to push down his pants.
It irritated the Holmes brothers that both John and Greg had gotten very capable of hiding things for their partners and joining forces against them, especially when they were really motivated.
Trying to compose himself, he thinks of a new question to ask his client to help him along on the subject.
“I’m so sorry, John. This is one of the things that I was afraid would happen if we got together. Knowing myself and how occupied my brain can become makes it hard to remember to be physical with people I love. It doesn’t mean I stopped loving you.”
John hears her all the while he’s changing into his nightclothes in the very small toilet.
Then Sherlock pulls him down, and the only thing John can do is to accept and fall into those open arms.
“Alright.” John carefully lifts the cot’s blanket and lays Rosie down in the cot. She mumbles but doesn’t wake up, John puts the blanket over her.
On her way home from visiting a ^Friend^ ^Lover^.
“He wanted me to cheat so I could stay *straight* for society around me?”
“He was married twice?”
They all get coffee and a sandwich before sitting down on the sofa and armchairs.
It’s silent in the room for a long time but Sherlock resists saying anything more. Then Peter decides to give him a piece of advice.
“Normally I don’t but a college of mine had to go to a family gathering and asked me if I could do Saturday for her if she worked two days for me this weekend.” He smiles happily at Sherlock before continuing talking. “I didn’t know that it would help me too.”
“Darin made me see that our experiences about sex and different norms and rules in life were making our relationship harder. If we don’t try to talk about it, sex could break our relationship. For me a sex toy is just a object that can give pleasure. An object that has nothing to do with being a moral or immoral person.”
John pulls his head back and softly says, “You promised me a lube experience and a--” Sherlock blushes but finds the lube and starts slicking John up.
John and Rosie had only seen him early in the morning sleeping on the couch or in whatever place he suddenly had fallen asleep. The floor, his chair or under the kitchen table. That happened the last morning of the case.
“Yes, but you’ve not forgiven him for leaving you at Bart’s, and after that your wife’s death. It’s a hard burden for him to bear. Don’t take away your friendship and Watson from him now that you’ve given him that. I don’t think he could go on if you did.”
The priest’s voice is dark and pleasant-sounding. “Maybe he sings often?” Sherlock thinks.
John isn’t paying attention to the other men in the room. His fingers are moving over the last page Father Chaney had written about his conversation with Hamish. He holds up the page and feels at the paper with his fingertips. The page is much thicker than the former others. It’s like the paper is three sheets thicker than the other pages in the book.
John is nodding his head understanding the feeling. It’s nothing that he’s proud over but he understand.
John couldn’t take it anymore, hearing Sherlock alone at night fighting his demons. He decided “enough is enough” and walked down, stopped in front of his friend and put his arms around him. With a low whisper in his ear he said, “Please, don’t shut me out. You don’t need to but let me hold you?” With a sigh Sherlock leaned into his body.
“He is, and a very good friend. We’re going together to therapy to at least save our friendship.”
Sherlock turns and switches off the light.
“What do you think about investigating this train tomorrow morning and eating in the lounge, Watson? You’ve never been on a train lounge before, hmm? So many things you have to look forward to, Sweetie.”
“I need to call some people, Molly or Ted and Stella?”
“Yes, but we’re both very pig-headed!”
John just breathes for a moment before he can bring himself to say anything. Then he looks at Sherlock who has only eyes for Richard. Laughing at something the other man just said.
Sherlock keeps holding his hand, waiting for what’s to come without pressing him to say anything. “My mother, I can understand now what he meant and it’s terrifying to realize that he’s probably right. I’ve been battling depression and PTSD from that morning Mom died.”
After some time with Sherlock coming closer and nearly grinding against him, John breathlessly pulls away.
Leaning forward and kissing John’s neck, Sherlock whispers,
He spits out and rinses his mouth out and then says with a cold hard voice.
Slowly he moves his hands down over Sherlock’s back and for the first time his hands touch the scars left from the man’s time away.
“We were flatmates for nearly two years before the incident with Moriarty and my hiatus too take down his criminal network. John moved to another flat when I was gone. Now I live at 221B Baker Street again but John and Rosie lives in the house Mary and he lived at.”
“I do want to get help, it’s only that—” John fights to swallow the lump in his throat.
“That morning, some days before John’s visit I had a shower and a–” a flush comes over his face. He desperately tries to calm himself. With a frustrated and angry voice he says, “I was mastrubating in the shower because in my high, that night my dreams had been about John and sex.”
He’s starting to realize that he really respects Peter and his intelligence. At the same time it’s nerve wracking to be read in the same way that he reads people.
For a moment the woman seems a bit startled but soon starts talking again about traveling with a toddler as opposed to an older child. Then the discussion goes over to the question of parenthood.
He can’t meet the other man’s eyes and restlessly moves his hands.
“It’s okay, come and site besides me John? He is holding John’s right hand in his and tugging at it to make John come with him.
“Yes, I think Giles and I can get through the papers by ourselves. We’re both accustomed to sifting through documents. We’ll meet you at Monty’s later?”
“True, at least there aren’t many with our combined fighting experience.”
“Do you really think Father Holstii will tell us the truth?”
“No, the only thing I remember is that Father deployment ended early. But that wasn’t any big thing?
Reluctantly he nodded yes answer.
Peter nods and makes a note in his notebook to get back to this subject in a later session. Meeting Sherlock’s gaze when he lifts his eyes from the notebook, he sees suspiciousness in that look.
John started very carefully by mumbling out his reasons before hitting.
“Take your time, I’ll go and talk to Richard. See you two later.
John takes the glass and salutes him, “Happy anniversary, Sherlock.”
That Sherlock hadn’t been lying when he talked about John when they met and started to date. He had really thought that John would never want to be with him. Sherlock had explained very clearly that Richard hadn’t done anything wrong. That Sherlock really liked him, but John—he was the man he loved.
“John, we were friends and lovers for 21 years and first now do I understand that a big parts of him I have never know or understood.”
“I would like to speak with him together with you, do you think that’s possible?”
“He worked as a doctor on that deployment?”
Someone puts a hand on his arm and squeezes it and he hears a well known voice saying.
Sherlock realizes that John only needs him to hold him in his arms.
He was a doctor and had suffered from PTSD himself for a very long time!
John is finding it very entertaining.
…………………………………………………………………………..
“Then in July a new male nurse is starts flirting with Roger, a male nurse. Roger thinks he can make Hamish jealous and more interested in him by flirting back with the new nurse. Openly in front of Hamish. Nothing happens, no reaction of jealousy. Roger, disappointed with not getting the reaction he hoped for tells his new man that Hamish is his latest lover.”
John gives him a serious look. “I haven't said those three words often in my life, to anyone. Only to one other person than Mary on our wedding day.”
“The 28th of August 1968.”
1981 November 1,  Hamish second deployment starts in Ireland.
“First I was afraid to hurt you. The more I worked on myself the more I realized who and what I am. The last straw was when I went through my father’s diaries. Harry gave them to me when I visited her in September. She told me she thought I should read them. The diaries helped her understand why Father treated her the way he did. I didn’t start to read them at first. I told Peter about them and what Harry said to me when she gave them to me.”
Gently he lies down besides John.
“Who are the two men who were your boyfriends and that hurt you so badly?”
“No. Well, nothing bad has happened. I told you about my friend Sherlock Holmes?”
“Yes, like a fine wine you get more attractive for every year that I have known you. Especially now that I know so much more about you. How you think about things, what’s important for you. The way you make me laugh. John, I’m demisexual. Your mind and body are equally beautiful to me.”
“‘You’re obviously not asexual, because you’ve tossed off every morning this week in the shower. But you can’t really get aroused when you’re touching me. You don’t know me especially well yet but you like me, and it’s easy between us, with jokes and laughter. Today I heard you say John’s name many times when you jerked off.’”
When John doesn’t say anything he remains retelling the story.
Sherlock takes a step back and takes in John’s face and what he can read from it.
Leaving the toilet he takes a bottle of water from the little fridge under the washbasin. Opening his overnight bag he takes out his toothbrush.
Just five weeks into their relationship Sherlock had gotten a new case that had him on the hunt for eight days.
“The reporter makes contact with Sherlock and his date. Sherlock knows that Richard has been out of the closet for many years and has no problems with people knowing that he isn’t straight.”
“Yes. That would be something I could put on my list.”
**************
He inspects himself in the mirror, sighs a little and silently hopes that John will like him in this outfit.
“Friends?”
He leans down over Sherlock and whispers, “This is definitely London! Love how you feel and how you move under my fingers.”
Roger Hammer
“I think you must talk openly with Richard about this, and talk about what boundaries you have. Maybe they’re things he has boundaries about too.”
“And her response was?”
“I’ll end my romantic relationship with Richard, can’t let him think we can become more than we are now, just friends. I’ll be there for you when you need me as a friend from now on. We can eat dinner, watch movies and so on. Is that enough for now?”
Greg and Mike look after him and then turn and look at Sherlock.Sherlock is so into Richard that he hasn’t seen John leaving.
……………………………………………………………………………………….
“Go on then, you must hurry before your little sweetheart wakes up.”
“Yes, I’ll invite them soon, no question, Mrs H.”
Mycroft had really tried to get him to move into his house when the ventilators were installed at Baker Street. But the thought of meeting a lovey dovely Greg and his brother Mycroft every morning at breakfast--ugh, no thank you!
“Sholto?”
“Take off you pjs, now!”
“No, you’re not cheating with a toy! John, you’re not with another person when you’re using a toy. You’re alone. Think about it.”
His head is full of memories of misses and successes over the last year.
What he saw was excitement and eagerness.
“John, I have solemnly promised to protect my goddaughter. I couldn’t successfully do that for her mother. We both know that I can’t guarantee that I will succeed doing it for Rosie either, but it will not be because I haven’t tried my best.”
“Then at least I’ve done the best I can.”
Notes: This is an adult chapter, talking about adult problems in a relationship not through rose-tinted glasses. Sometimes you have to work to get a relationship to work. So, if you’re looking for effortless sex and everything coming up red roses, this chapter isn’t the one for you.
John smiles and turns his head into the warmth of Sherlock’s neck, kissing it.
……………………………………………………………………………
“I always pay the taxi driver!”
Peter isn’t saying anything in response to Sherlock’s last words. He calmly looks at Sherlock, waiting for him to talk.
Sitting outside the bar eating a not too fancy sandwich and drinking coffee. “At least nature and the sun are stunning!” John sums up the lunch break.
James got a new mission, teaching a new group of soldiers, young crows, what being a soldier means.
Seeing him standing at the table with a smile and a silly moustache drawn on himself, John had flipped.
“Sherlock’s answer to that question?”
He hadn’t been upset that Sherlock hadn’t touched him; it was that he had reacted so badly to John touching him. What he said was startling for Sherlock to hear.
John stands up and starts to walk around the room. He’s so agitated and his left hand is clinging to his left side so it wouldn’t move. Sherlock also stands up and goes after him, when he comes near the other man he pulls him close.
In his eyes John can sees a question. Is it alright for him to carry on?
“Hasn’t Giles let you know that? He’s much better at communicating than I am.”
People meeting them on the walkway look at the two giggling men and one old woman can’t stop herself from stopping in front of them and laughing too.
Sherlock opens the door to the double bed compartment.
John answer to the question comes rapidly and with frustration in his voice.
“Did he tell you that?”
“Peter, isn’t it true that for a longtime relationship to work both people in the relationship must behave as grown ups?” Seeking for support from Peter, Sherlock turns to him.
“Yes!”
John looks at the angry woman before him. In the corner of his eye he sees from Sherlock's reaction that he had understood that they were arguing.
“Bed?” He whispers.
John takes his hands and moves to the door between the bathroom and bedroom.
Hastily he left the cage and threw the blankets inside before he closed and locked the door. At the same time the lock had clicked closed, the room´s door had opened up. A senior guard entered the room and angrily asked the man in Serbian what he was doing.
Richard is a caring man that’s helping both of the stupid men to talk with each other.
The dinner is delicious and the company even better, John thinks. For the first time in many years he’s totally relaxed and happy.
“When and where did your Father start to study to become a doctor?”
“What happened to Ossian Hamish Bell after my great-grandfather left?” Monty nods and gives his support for John’s question.
Thank you Silver Girl for the beta read and handholding on this fic. I’m very great full for your support.
“Such flats won’t be located in the central of London!”
“He’s a nice man, but why must he be with Sherlock?”
Some days later when he came home Molly was there and Sherlock said they had decided that she would take care of Rosie for an hour. He handed John a bag and guided him out of the house and into a taxi.
John moves around the room even more aggressively. Stopping in front of the window and looking out. At last he answers Peter’s question.
Sherlock’s long fingers is holding him and stroking with a lovely twists that he himself likes to do when mastrubating.
Again he looks at his watch and sees that it’s time for the last of his preparations for the evening. A bath that will be soothing and romantic.
“Certainly working but also gambling, drinking and chasing after women. All his life he tried to prove to everyone that he was a womanizer, a man’s man!” Monty shakes his head with disgust on his face. “He was proud over it and didn’t really try to hide it even from his wife! He knew for certain that she would never leave him. According to her religious beliefs, she was married for life. Religion was important for her. Mum tried to make all her children as faithful as possible, and succeeded only with my oldest brother, Thomas. He’s a priest in Aberdeen now.”
A romantic evening with some surprising discoveries made both by Sherlock and John.
It’s nearly half past nine in the evening and Sherlock is standing in Caledonian Sleeper Trains’ swanky new boarding lounge, waiting for John and Rosie.
“Is it alright for you if you call me John then? I don’t really like Johnny either.”
“We’re friends and I have a boyfriend. How many times have both Peter and I said to him that Richard isn’t a problem?”
Monty starts to giggle and a second later John also interrupts in a giggle. John huffs out, “and I’m in love with a detective, what a pair we are!”
……………………………………………………………………………
“What do you need?”
A server interrupts them, bringing food to the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
Blushing furiously, Sherlock doesn´t know where to look.
“I don’t want to have sex with you,” Sherlock says, and John tries hastily to get away from the bed. He feels Sherlock’s hands on his arm as he hears the words, “I want to make love with you, and hopefully for the rest of our life!”
“This is so hard for me to talk about.” Sherlock sighs.
“I’d prefer to eat in the lounge.” He says in his normal voice like this situation was totally normal for him: Sherlock, his best friend sitting on his bed consoling his daughter.
“No, not at that time and not later when the had *hook ups*. Marcus is coughing and blushing.
The silence remains and they eat without saying anything.
It’s a relaxing silence.
Sherlock opened the front door and let John go through it before taking his hand.
Monty sighs and gives him a tentative smile.
How would Rosie’s life change if he and Sherlock became a couple,
“Poor child, going through life being called Froggy!” John huffs out and Sherlock answers with a dry response.
John had even found some in the bathroom when he visiting the flat, back when he lived with Mary.
“Can I touch your lovely cook, darling?”
“Froggy did really tire her out!” John laughs some more. Nervousness and tiredness all release from his body.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, deducing how worried and nervous John is. His tell-tale signals are there: standing tall, closing and opening his left hand.
A woman is sitting at a table at the other side of the corridor, smiling at both Rosie and John. After a moment she says, “what a happy little sweetheart!”
John had looked Sherlock straight in the eye and said, “It really hurt when you didn’t contact me after the wedding, not even a text message! Then, you kept on solving cases alone, not letting me in. Texting with clients and police both before and during Rosie’s christening. You really ignored me!”
“Angelo’s?
“But they still hurt.”  Sherlock fills in quietly.
“Do you want a helping hand? The dark voice asks.
“I don’t know?”
Sherlock’s eyes and lips smile happily at him following the movement.
“Oh! I’m always missing some deduction when it comes to you!”
His hands had been enough all his life, thank you very much!
“Starving!”
After a quick look on his wrist watch he answers John.
That question had hurt so badly to hear. Realizing that if they became a couple it probably would be Sherlock himself getting a beating.
The answer had surprised him but also made him happy.
He is interrupted by Father Holstii. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you all against opening this can of worms! I’ll tell you everything and show you the documentation, but please, no more talking openly about this, think of the scandal!”
He shakes his head remembering all his thoughts at that moment.
“Be quiet, Greg! Too many people have talked with me about this, but never me and Sherlock. I need us to talk and really tell each other what happened and what we feel. I have worked so hard with my new therapist so I could go home to Baker Street. To you. And not be afraid that I will ever hurt you again. Every Tuesday and Friday, I go to meeting after meeting. Struggling to open up and be true to myself.”
Sherlock looks up and sees John’s contented smile.
“What did he say that upset you so much?”
John goes out to Sherlock and Richard in the kitchen. When he comes near the kitchen he sees Sherlock leaning against the kitchen table and Richard leaning into his body. Sherlock’s big hands are moving over Richard’s arms and back in gentle movements. John hears Richard sigh as he moves his head into Sherlock’s neck and kisses it.
“Richard loves to cook. What do you say?”
John snorts and says before he even thinking about what he’s saying.
Sherlock takes a moment to get his thoughts and feelings together and starts telling Peter what he thinks he and John need help with.
“What you said before, unsettled and unpleasant. Yes, I got a release but for a very high price. The minute I had come, I wanted to be as far away as I could get. Away from his groping hands and breath. Do you know that breath can feel like fire licking your skin?”
Thinking the question over John doesn’t answer immediately; Rosie breathing calmly in her sleep is the only noise.
Now Sherlock is really interested. It must have something to do with sex because why would Hamish talk about it being drunk and arguing about wanting to stay in the closet?
“I will look in my calendar and text you some dates and times. Can we meet here at mine? I have a bit of a problem moving around because of my arthritis.”
Only after a couple of seconds he turns back and lays on his back again.
“Yes, in my professional opinion that’s right.”
“Love, it’s you who have given me so many chances in this relationship. The question is, what do we do the next time you get involved with a long and hard case?”
Theo phones back twenty minutes later.
“I’m so proud of us both, like Darin said today, we´ve done damn hard work!”
Together they move against each other and Sherlock releases a moan while kissing his partner’s neck. John can’t get enough of the hand working up, down and in circles on his dick. Then feeling those beautiful lips that he’s dreamed about on his neck and shoulders.
With a startled face Monty quickly answers, “Funny, before I met Giles I couldn’t understand that feeling—jealousy, I mean. I thought, if I lose one lover, there were thousands more around the corner.”
Peter smiles brightly and starts summarizing today’s session.
https://www.boozt.com/se/sv/calvin-klein-underwear/jock-strap-2pk_16926649/16926657,16926655?gclid=EAIaIQobChMI6cC1y-eu6wIVQ_iyCh1I9Q2dEAQYBCABEgLOzPD_BwE
John is very amused at the care Sherlock takes in cleaning him up. It’s not often he’s seen this side of his lover. Lover?!
“Rosie likes him and his taken good care of her both when we talked at the restaurant and when we visited Marcus. But you’re right it doesn’t feel right, not if we’ll be away for days.”
“We can start to eat at the meantime.” The table is set with three plates and the food looks delicious.
“I’m so happy that you tried dating him instead of using. The jealous side of my personality hates it but it’s good!”
Even if that punk rocker boy made his father really hate his new living situation from the first sight of his roommate.
The only sounds are the train noises and Rosie breathing and sniffling. She’s obviously still keeping herself awake.
When John is standing, he leans in and gives him a light kiss.
The ever-remaining image of The Women, in his mind.
Desperately he’d tried to make Sherlock understand what he meant. “It may take me some time to fully understand but we will make our rules. I’ll not accept anything that goes against my better judgment.”
“Yes, darling! It’s your Sheerl.” He hugs her and smiles at John.
Then he meets Sherlock’s shy eyes under the fringe of curly hair. Long dark eyelashes and a blushing face.
He searches for a good question to ask. Then decides to simply ask,
“Haven’t thought about that before. It’s an interesting conclusion. I only know that if a man tries to get me in bed before we have a connection, it doesn’t work for me. Their touches feel like someone is burning my skin. I can’t really explain it for someone who hasn't felt it.”
“You said when we last met that I should talk to Sherlock about the interview in the paper? Well, we meet up on Saturday for brunch. Richard were with him. They had realized that a baby and a serious conversation didn’t go well together. Richard loves children so he was babysitting Rosie at a another table at first. Later after they had eaten, Richard took her to the swings that’s nearby the Restaurant.”
“Good. I will tell Sherlock to do the same thing. Now I have a question about you going to the coffee shop I recommended to you. How was it being openly NOT straight, socially?”
He gets out of the bed and gets Rosie’s bag that have tissues in it.
Sherlock quickly suggested John use sex toys, to John’s utter horror.
They’d lain in bed afterwards, Sherlock being the big spoon holding him against his chest. Somehow Sherlock had felt that John needed to regroup.
The words stumbling out John is in no clear order but at least he’s telling Sherlock about his confusion and waking up after a sex dream. With Sherlock in the leading role.
Stubborn man, just like his partner in crime.
When John is upright in the bed Sherlock starts to button up his pajamas top at the same time as he leans in again and kisses John’s neck.
Then John’s third tour started.
The silence after Sherlock’s explanation are ear deafening. John looks at the floor and Marcus inspects the faces of the two men in front of him. Then he coughs and says.
John is too stunned to even say a word. What answer could he give?
“Attractive? maybe sometimes. You like my cheekbones and throat.”
“Hi, John. Sherlock has told me about you and Rosie. She’s a beautiful girl.”
John stares at Sherlock with a open mouth.
John takes the letter and goes too Sherlock.
He put the tray on the little table and leans in and nudges the other man’s arm.
Both men gasp and moan. Only when they both need air does John let go of his grip of Sherlock’s neck.
“Sherlock Holmes’ old *friend* Dr John Watson, was he only a friend or had the two of you been in a longstanding relationship?”
“When we lived together I took advantage of that because you always was the one that bought food, cleaned and washed. With other words, I was a brat and a child in our relationship as flatmates!”
John lightly teases him about how he had forgotten the planets.
1964 September/November Hamish asks Jean out on a date.
“Yes, a traffic accident on his way home from work. A drunk driver smashed into his car, Alex died instantly.”
“It's a clean room and I like the kitchenette, it’s easier to do a bottle with formula for Rosie.”
“In the kitchen I was thinking about how many suicides you’ve been through in your life, both real and fake ones.”
“Sherlock, did something happen at therapy? I mean, you were evidently in a rush to tell me you love me.” His voice is low and Sherlock tries hard to hear what he's saying.
“It’s a letter from Hamish to Father Chaney!”
After three months together both of them had understood that John had a stronger sex drive than Sherlock.
“Yes, we are!” Sherlock gives her one of his totally fake happy smiles as he sits down beside Rosie.
“So you’re divorced or--?”
“You had a long romantic relationship even if you didn’t live together? Isn’t that right understanding of what Hamish wrote?
“Sherlock told me that’s what he did when he come back. What a stupid way to do it!
“I have to apologize for every time I said I’m not gay. I’m a bisexual man just out of the closet. Never having had any relationship with a man, only one-night stands... I am so sorry that I hurt you. Especially if you’re a gay man, Sherlock.”
……………………………………………………………….
“He didn’t write much in the time between J.H death and meeting you. It’s mostly about what he read, eat and how much alcohol he drank?
Sherlock is growing but he doesn’t look upset. He knows that he changed a lot over the years he’s lived alone.
“You’ve done it now, you’re so brave.”
That had been a very hard discussion, but he knows now it had helped them both.
“I didn’t know you guys lives together?
“Good for him. He’s been so lonely for years now after he returned. Sometimes he comes to me with two cups of coffee trying to disguise it as him wanting something from me. He’s a good man, John.”
Slowly going forward: Redbeard
When John takes the first bit of green salad, it taste very good with a citrus dressing courting the greens.
A bit startled over a question about sex so abruptly was scary, but after only a moment, John answers.
“Maybe you can massage my shoulder and neck later?” John’s question is assertive, but said in a soft voice.
“Yes, it’s good for them to have a little time to talk. The night train home doesn’t leave until ten this evening.”
They’d decided to plan for a surprise weekend celebration for their Holmes partners.
“This woman isn’t a problem for our friendship? Maybe if John got a--” no, he can’t go there even in his head.
Some days earlier, John had explained that they wanted to take Rosie with them to a children’s jungle experience that was taking place early on Saturday morning in a nearby village. It was easier to go from their house to the village in the morning than to first collect Rosie at Baker Street and then drive to the village.
“Hi, Theo, it’s John Watson. This is a bit of an emergency call. Is it possible for me to get a session with Peter today?”
John smiles at him and answers. “No, you can have it if you want.”
“Sorry, I overreacted-” John starts to backpedal.
Sherlock changes his posture in the armchair before saying anything.
“Try to put her down between us. It’s easier after she’s fallen asleep, you know?”
“I don’t know, she’d probably start organizing a party for us!”
“There are never twins, John!” He hears Sherlock’s voice in his head and smiles.
Sherlock and the man turn and look at John and Sherlock nods his head and smiles. He then turns back and starts talking to the other man again. John’s eyes linger on the other man.
For a short period before Sherlock’s fall he’d felt safe in many ways, but not completely. The Adler woman and Moriarty had always been a threat in the back of his head.
John is immediately alert at that look. He doesn’t want to scare the man, so he goes for a casual question.
They eat and talk for a long time, just feeling happy to be together and with easy feelings between them. Rosie sleeps contentedly.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to feel: John and Greg had successfully pulled a big one over both his brother and him. How’d they succeed at that?
John couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock, something was wrong with him today. Why was he looking so nervous?
“Of, course!” He gives John a wink, smiling to let him know that nothing is decided over who will drive.
“You’re okay with that? John doesn’t know what to think about that.
Hesitantly he asks, “You said before at a session that you’re demisexual?
Monty lets John think it over for a minute before ending the discussion with his last thoughts. “You’ve had to be too strong all your life, from the day your mother died. All the shit you went through from childhood to now. It’s not good to keep that inside, turning the roughest stones on yourself, somehow always thinking it’s your fault bad things happen. I know how that’s like, been there, done that! Thank heaven I met Giles!” His eyes are so compassionate, but not pitying. John takes a shaky breath again, because it’s really difficult taking those important lungfuls of air. Breathing in and out feels like the hardest thing to do for John at that moment. He’s seconds away from a full-blown panic attack. “Don’t you see, you’re terrified of losing him, so you’re pushing him away as hard as you can. That’s what you been doing from the day he came back. It’s in your DNA to fight, but also to take care of people. And God knows Sherlock Holmes needs both, someone to take care of him and someone for him to take care of, too.” “It sounds like you think we need each other to live.” Shaking his head at that idea, John glances at Monty. Sherlock doesn’t need him, Sherlock has proved that for many years now, whispers a voice in John’s head that sounds surprisingly like his father.
Again he becomes silent, thinking over what to tell John.
Sherlock's hands are now slowly massaging his left shoulder to warm it up a bit before starting to release the knots he can feel under his fingers.
”What was her name?” Sherlock doesn’t look at John. He’s writing something down on the laptop.
Ossian was never the Devil in a human body. He was an Angel in a human form.
John doesn’t answer immediately.  He spoons up a bite of sweet citrus cake and drinks a little coffee. Sherlock awaits his answer.
Now it’s John’s turn to be stupefied.
Just when the pancakes are served, Richard with Rosie in his arms comes to there table.
Sherlock and especially John in this story had more to tell.
He goes to the sofa and sits down and hugs his husband. “At least today I can love you openly and proudly, my love.” Giles needs the security of feeling Monty’s presence and doesn’t care what the other men think.
The first words out of Sherlock’s mouth after he finishes the letter are, “Hell hath no fury like a man scorned,” which is a strange thing to say at that moment.
After the concert he asked Sherlock if they could get something to eat?
John is amazed at how many pet names Sherlock is calling his daughter. Was Sherlock asking him indirectly if they should eat in the lounge? Quickly deciding that he is, John answers the question.
“Nobody knows except the men he had affairs with?”John nods to Sherlock’s question.
It was mostly Richard who talked about how he’s been making real steps to becoming a father. Looking into the possibility of adoption.
“How I reacted when I so the headlines on Friday’s paper. My call to you and asking for a emergency session.”
Sherlock starts to eat and John drinks his tea.
They’re lying on their backs listening to Rosie breathing and sniffles in her sleep, both unsure how to start talking.
“Yes.”
“Okay, Rosie! Daddy’s here.” John gives Sherlock a cup of tea and a sandwich. He sits down on the bed with Rosie between them. She curls up against him, gripping his sweater in one of her hands.
“Hi, Dr Watson, if it’s an emergency I’ll ask him if he can see you today.”
Sherlock didn’t believe that would work in John’s current state of mind.
******************************************************
“Did he out you in any way?” Peter very calmly asks.
With the wet flannel in one hand and a dry bath towel in the other he hurries in to John.
“What’s for dinner?” Sherlock asks briskly and give Richard a peck on the cheek. Before he passes him into the kitchen.
Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to ask a question.
In that moment he wanted to cry and scream at the same time. Instead he kept holding on, breathing in and out.
“Nippleplay isn’t something that usually makes him turned on?”
“The code words are working, sweetheart, as you thought they would. I do feel safe.” He looks Sherlock deeply into his eyes, “I’ve got a secret. One of my secret dreams is that you’re all over my back holding me down.” John can’t meet Sherlock’s eyes, but is determined to get his secret told. Slowly his thumb moves over the cheek and he lets his eyes follow that movement.
***************************************************
“I’ll leave you to look at the books and documents.”
“Even when Sherlock talks about me in the interview?”
Greg and Mike look at Sherlock and Richard before they say anything.“He didn’t say anything to me but he was here when we got here.”
“Take a big breath.”
“Please, read it for us, Sherlock.” Fidgeting John looks straight at him, hoping that Sherlock will deduce what he needs. Sherlock reads him like an open book and answers him, “Alright, If we can sit down on the sofa?” He reaches for John’s right hand and pulls him to the sofa.
……………………………………………………………………………………………..
The psychiatrist sits up and changes positions in his armchair.
“Do you want your book, J--” The librarian interrupts himself and resolutely says “Monty?”
“Things can be easier to say and hear, in the darkness.”
The only thing John could do was listen and watch his lover plan their evening, his heart full of joy.
His eyes seem to ask Richard *What do we do now?*
“Housewife, all her life. Her mother was sick and her in laws needed a lot of help. My grandfather Montgomery was, as I said, an alcoholic and forced to quit the military or get a dishonorable discharge. He decided to leave with the excuse that his wife was sick. My grandmother, Anne was blind from birth and had become ill with lung cancer at that time. She had been diagnosed the month before. She only lived five months after he left the military.”
“Yes, that was what Hamish said to. He thought he would get a slap on the wrist and a note in his service book but would soon return to duty. Then this letter arrived. Receiving address Jean Watson from Roger Hammer!”
Sherlock marvels over how expressive his John can always be. Both in words and facial expression.
“Right. That would hurt even your friendship, maybe even make you start using drugs again.” Peter knows how worried Sherlock is about using, again.
Peter can feel how nervous and unsettling it is for him discussing his feelings on this subject.
He smears the cream on his hands before starting to distribute it over Sherlock’s shoulders and neck.
The flat is much easier to clean now that Sherlock’s experiments are in Rosie’s flat. Also all clients are visiting there instead of in their home.
“What did he tell you?” It’s a direct order in his voice. He knows how hard it is for John to disregard a direct order.
John returns to London with only his daughter Gracie with him. Gracie starts school and meets a little girl called Olive.  Neither of the girls knows that their fathers knew each other a long time ago!
“Afraid, glad that I at last told him. I think that is most of my feelings at the moment.”
“Hi! Sorry we’re late.”
“How’s that obvious?!”
He takes a step back and looks critically at the set table before nodding his head in approval.
“Yes, and I was hurt that you left me without explaining anything or taking me with you. Leaving me in sorrow and grief.”
“What do you do for a living?”
Monty gives his husband a kiss and a hug. “Please, try to not vex Father Holstii anymore, my brothers will still go to him for worship on Sundays.”
“I tried to forget. Don’t get me wrong many memories is lovely-“
“Is everything alright, John?  Your tea is ready, I’m starting the search of your family on the Ancestry website.”
At today´s boxing training John’s eyes had been heated. Waiting with a beautiful blush when they entered the changing room, even after they’d gone into the boxing hall, and the whole time at the club. Those white Calvin Klein jockstrap pants had been worth every penny!
“I had a lover for a very short time in university, his name was James Allan. When he ended the relationship--” this was the reason he never, ever wanted to talk about being jealous.
“Sherlock, you need to start thinking about how you behave when it comes to cleaning, washing and shopping. You can also help John by helping him with things you see him needing help with. Things that he doesn’t ask for help with but do need help even if he's too stubborn to ask for it.”
“You was only eleven years old, they most have protected you from knowing what happened. Didn’t Hamish write anything in his diary at that time?
Things that had never been even a hint of a thought in his brain before.
Faith of them together making it and becoming a strong couple. He stretched to his full height and stood wide-legged in front of his friend. Then he began to speak in a determined voice.Sherlock shudders and puts down the bottle of water on his nightstand table, leaning back at the headboard. Pulling up the blanket around himself, letting his mind go back to that critical moment of their relationship.
Like the connection we have right now, both mentally and bodily.
John breathes out harshly. Then looks at the other man in the bed holding his daughter.
“You guys are trying to save your friendship—maybe even a stronger relationship? Take the therapy sincerely and take your psychiatrist’s suggestions on board. Like how to apply things in practical life, changing your behavior to each other. Both of you have to do that.”
You have already told me that I haven’t got that right, but do you?
To not care what people think, or in other words, not to  give them that importance in his life.
Gently he pulls down the pjs halfway down the buttocks.
“Yes, that’s fine.”
“Thank you,” says Monty, filling a cup with coffee.
“Stop talking now and put those fucking gorgeous hands on my dick, or help--” Abruptly he gasps and stops talking when Sherlock’s hand is on his penis and his body turned on his side with Sherlock flush up behind him.
“You only dreamed about Sherlock? Not Richard?”
Sherlock has really shown himself to be a partner, a partner that he never thought he would have in his life. Much less this gorgeous man!
“Can I do the lubing? I really love your legs. They’re so strong and muscular.”
“I’m an agnostic and scientist. I respect your beliefs in a God but that doesn’t give you the right to condemn a non-believer. We will all know the day we’re all dead, which of us were right or wrong.”
“Sorry! But it’s alright with you that Giles is my man?”
“Yes, it’s still open for two hours.”
It’s a sunny day and not too windy.
*********************************
Sherlock writes down some dates that are especially interesting for him in his research of the Watson family.
James Sholto adhered strictly to military rules and kept Dr Watson at arm’s length. But they both knew and could feel the emotions behind every look they exchanged and every discussion.
“Yes, I said to Sherlock yesterday the same thing I will say to you now.” He makes eye contact with John before he says any more. When John meets his eyes he tells him.
### Warning, adult discussion about sex!
“I’ll need help from you to stand my ground!”
John is lying on his side now, looking at him sitting on the bedside. He starts talking in a low voice.
Richard opens the kitchen door and says.
“We started flirting in the summer of 1983 but we didn’t do anything, not even a hug or kiss before that day. Nothing!”
On the way home they start reminiscing about other times when they were walking together through the town. Sherlock remembers how they looked at the stars when searching for the Golem.
“You will eat?”
……………………………………………………………………..
It becomes silent in the room, Peter looking at Sherlock, giving him time to collect his thoughts.
“Yes, but only if you do the same thing. Call me, skype or come over. I know you don’t like my place-“
Sherlock breaks the silence that Father Holstii’s words have made.
“In what situation did he mention that, if I have the right to ask you that? Sherlock sounds uneasy.
“Giles and I will do our best to persuade him to do that.”
He hides the lube in his left hand and takes the lotion bottle in the other.
“Please, read it for me!” John sounds afraid when he sits down beside Sherlock again and takes his hand.
Sitting in his office chair in the dark, his mind wanders away again.
Suddenly John gasps for breath and asks, “You really think I’m beautiful?”
John had listened silently to the rest of Peter had to say. After the session he had hastily taken off with the excuse that he needed to get Rosie from the babysitter.
“Hamish hated that house! But he was afraid for his own shadow. We had a sexual relationship at nearly 15 years and remained friends that meet for coffee, dinner or only for him to help me with the garden to the day he died.”
Still it gives you the right to condemn a man like Ossian?
“Then why did you always interrupt my dates?” John asks, Without humor Sherlock laughs and answers.“Jealousy! Pure and simple. I didn’t think you would miss me for any time period. I’m sorry, John! But I thought if I wasn’t there and interfered in your dates you would soon find a woman to marry. You would always find a woman to date! You would soon forget me and have a happy married life with maybe some kids. That’s what I thought.”
“Maybe I should take a little lubricant with me? In case John changes his mind?” Hesitantly he reaches for a lubricant, then he takes a lotion that he likes, one that hasn’t got an intrusive smell.
“Oh!” Father Holstii sinks down deeper into the armchair. “Violet Catherine Vernet Holmes, of course!” The man is beaten and he knows it.When he starts talking, his tone is entirely different: calm and collected, only to tell the true facts of the scandal.
Seconds later John’s arms are around Sherlock in the bed. Head buried at his throat. Tears silently flowing again.
The guard lifted him up from the floor by gripping his arms and tugging him right up. With a determined look he put his mouth on Sherlock´s.
A little laugh erupts from John. “You can talk! Mr Posh in a new set of sexy pants, every Thursday. How do you think I felt this Thursday, with your jockstrap pants?!”
“I had told her that I had a case on with a blackmailer and it was my way to get in contact with him by outing myself as a drug user. I also told her that it was an undercover operation. Making the blackmailer think he had the upper hand over me.”
“You feel differently now, in this situation?”
“Sometime before I was born. I only know that he was deployed to Ireland in the beginning of 1979. He was there for a year the first time.”
“It’s not a good feeling, I know. But you’re too important to me to do something reckless tonight and lose you forever.”
“They’re not important in this discussion, John,”  Peter says, determination in his voice. Staring John down, his eyes said, drop this question!
A moan from John startled him back to reality.
“My first and second boyfriends were also bisexual, and both were in the closet. At uni I was also in the closet, but I‘m gay. Both my boyfriends left me to some degree because they were afraid that anyone would understand we were together.”
This story is an AU! Normally that’s not my cup of tea.
At a little after two they arrive at the hotel. It’s a long, low, one-storey white building by the sea. The hotel is located on the cliff above the beach.
Sherlock is still staring at an apparently very interesting carpet.
“Hi Richard. I hope you won’t have a problem babysitting my daughter?”
John remembered their discussion on the journey at the train home from Buckie.
Maud bites her lips again looking for a long time at John. Then she turns and looks at Sherlock and Richard. She starts to talk, still not looking at John.
It’s a powerful feeling of togetherness and it makes him secure enough to try and tell John his own secrets.
Biting his lip John, had changed and gone after his friend.
“I cleaned myself up, shaved off the mustache and put on my best clothes. Worked a whole day trying to talk myself out of going to you. The only thing in my brain was if you would accept me as your lover.”
https://www.google.se/search?source=hp&ei=QQMsX6y1EJGQlwTDzZ-YBg&q=mens+underwear+brands&oq=men’s+under&gs_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBABGAEyAggAMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjIICAAQFhAKEB4yBggAEBYQHjIGCAAQFhAeMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjoCCCk6CAgpELEDEIMBOggIABCxAxCDAToFCAAQsQM6BQguELEDUPUXWI5TYMptaABwAHgAgAH7AYgBnQqSAQU1LjUuMZgBAKABAbABBA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp
He goes to the table by the window to get better light. John quickly stands and moves to the door and the light switch, turning on the ceiling light. Suddenly it’s very bright in the room.
“I think it’s best that we end this conversation now. It’s been hard for both of you talking openly about old grief. Can I contact you if I have any questions later after investigating what scandal Hamish talked about?” Sherlock stands up and only addresses Marcus.
Marcus answers on the fourth ring.
“We read your blog last night.” John’s feeling sidetracked in the discussion, so he asks, “Why do you ask me that right now?”
Sherlock is tripping over himself on his way into Peter’s office.
Taking a new sip of the water he says,“They were also older, so no one suspected them being anything other than friends. It’s because of that Mr Watson didn’t lose his job in the end, and the priest worked to tamp down the gossip. Mr Bell left for his family in Edinburgh and it was only two weeks later that the news of his death reached Buckie.”
The man answers him with a happy smile and climbs into the bed sitting with his knees under his body. He pulls John into his arms catching his lower lip in a kiss. John falls back on the bed, pulling Sherlock over himself.
John is worried and tense already before he had seen how nervous Sherlock was.
NSFW Chapter 18. Massage
For the first time in his life, it’s John’s brain that shuts down and he can’t take in what this man, the love of his life, is saying.
John mumbled his address and soon they were sitting in a taxi.
“Sneaky bastard!” John thinks, shaking his head at Sherlock’s solution to the problem. His mind flooded over with what happened the next weekend.
Me and my siblings keeps that legacy going in the family! Tilda
He’s planning tonight how to talk with Sherlock in the dark about what he realized while talking to Monty.
“I think we should take a breather now. Sherlock, would you be so kind and go out to Theo and do the things we talked about at your last session?”
WARNING! IF SUICIDE IS A TRIGGER DO NOT READ THIS CHAPTER!
At the next pair session two days later, Sherlock related that discussion to Peter Morse, who was still their psychiatrist at pair sessions.
“What did you and Sherlock talk about?
The only expression he sees in his face is calmness, and that Sherlock is waiting for John to explain what’s on his mind.
“What should I do?” The question comes out breathless and bewildered.
Friday at 09.15, John phones Peter J. Morse’s office and Theo the secretary answers the call.
Silently he takes her from John and sits down on the end of the bed.
“How do you mean? Sherlock asks in a low voice, afraid of overstepping with questions.
"Can we go to the bakery near Angelo's? Their coffee cake is to die for."
When John realized that Sherlock had seen through his endeavour to get Richard away from Sherlock, and that he hadn’t succeeded--well, John wasn’t happy.
The thought has only past his mind before he feels lips against his right nipple and two fingers twinge his other nipple.
“Time for some sleep, little Watson,” he murmurs into her hair.
“Is it important for you that I comes out as bi?”
Now it’s John’s turn to feel tears in his eyes. He presses out a few sad words.
The question comes in a low voice because John doesn’t want to disturb his little girl again.
“If you can tell me? Sometimes it’s hard to find the words for such an experience.”
They started the next day to implement the new ways to treat each other.
The four men inspect the priest's clothes before Sherlock starts to speak again.
“I think that’s a good thing for you to talk about and get some closure for. When your mother died you didn’t get any psychological help?
“I’m not most people, John. People are boring, with little minds.”
…………………………………………………………………………...
Peter orders him. The room becomes very silent. Only breathing noises are heard in the room for a long time, then Peter ask quietly.
Peter starts off the session saying, “I always ask my clients to call me Peter. If it’s all right with you I can call you by your first name. It’s easier to talk about hard things if we don’t have to talk over the barrier of Mister and Doctor.”
Now he goes to their table and shows them the bottle before telling them how he bought it some weeks after they visited his restaurant for the first time. He had saved one bottle all these years because he hoped they would be celebrating this someday in the future.
His friend is thinking about how many ways John and Hamish’s life experience were alike.
“Was that the reason you hit me several times when I come back?” Sighing John answers. “Yes.”
John at therapy with Peter the next day.
“You loved him at that moment.”
Peter asks very calmly,
“You’ve tried multiple times to calculate how it looked. It’s alright, I’ve done the same with you!” A laugh bursts out of him and soon John starts to laugh with him.
Puzzled Sherlock asks, “Why should we leave at one o’clock if you have dinner reservations at Angelo’s in the evening?”
Marcus has gray hair in a very smart fashion, his body is long and lean and still muscular. His eyeglasses are dark brown but makes him even more attractive.
Peter’s voice is determined, to let John know that he hasn’t any right to question Sherlock’s decision.
Sherlock fills in with a calm but sad voice, “That broke Hamish Montgomery and he left his family without a word.”
“Thank you, John. I know this wasn’t easy for you to tell us but it will help me in my search for your family history. Maybe it’s time for you to call Marcus?”
“You think so too? John can’t believe his ears.
John turns on his side to look at him. “What do you think is the reason that it’s still too sensitive for Father Holstii to tell them the truth?”
They had started having a meeting in the evenings to discuss the situation in the sick tents and how safe their position was for the moment. How far were the rebels and what could happen the next twenty-four hours?
Together they had put Rosie down in the high chair, and then John had pulled out his chair and been very attentive to him. Sherlock couldn’t understand why he was behaving so differently.
Sniggering Darin huffs out, “and you didn´t steal a morning kiss?”
1969 December 3 ,Hamish’s good “friend” J.H dies on a mission.
Sombrely they sat in the only two comfortable armchairs in the offices’ mess other soldiers playing billiards around them.
Why should only I marry a woman?
Surprisingly for them all, both John and Mrs Hudson had been granted money from the foundation to renovate both flat C and Mrs Hudson’s bedroom for damp and mould!
“Yes.”
A man who loved only one person in his life faithfully?
Something clicks in John’s brain. “You couldn’t answer the phone that time Moriarty was back, because you had a raging boner!”
“The teenager in me would have been happy to know that, adult me feels sorrow over both him and me. Now I know that you do as good as you can with the knowledge you have at that time you make a decision. Good or bad.”
He’d searched for the right words to explain his feelings.
Frottage, yes please. Hold me with not too much pressure.
After much thought Sherlock decided to invite Richard to a concert.
“I´ve only slept a couple of hours, I moved back home yesterday and the flat was so empty.”
John sighs and looks Sherlock straight into his eyes.
“You wanted me to get it checked out why I couldn’t get it up, I remember.” He sighs and his left hand is rubbing over his face, he can’t look at Peter any longer. He’s to embarrassed.
“Coming Sweetheart!” He tries to stand but he’s still weak after the orgasm.
After the case had ended and Sherlock had slept for fourteen hours, John made him eat. To his great delight Sherlock had wolfed down everything on the plate and drained several glasses of water.
The priest only nods.
“Welcome, John and Sherlock.” He holds up the door into his office.
“Thank you, but we shouldn’t intrude more on your and Sherlock’s time together.”
Father pouts and looks like a father scolding obstinate children.
Then he requested John to take care of his hands but at the same time think of what hurt his jealousy made him feel just now. Both in his hands and body. What would such blows make any partners feel? Was it productive for him or the people he loves?
-Scott being ashamed of Sherlock; double blows to the tree.
1903. A son, Eric, is born.
“Have you meet Peggy? John can’t stop the question.
“That--” he tries to collect himself before pulling off his pants and getting into the bath.
Just after eleven James had come into the offices ‘mess, he saw John sitting there in his armchair.
Now they agreed that neither Sherlock nor John left their home without saying goodbye with a hug or a kiss.
Last night, when Sherlock was collecting their food order at Angelo’s, his friend had slipped the information that the restaurant was booked for a private customer on Saturday. The guests were very particular about how the tables should be made up and what flowers should be used.
“It was a  great love story for many years and it is!”
“You were born the 23rd of April 1971. When was Harry born?”
“Do you remember how you cured my limp?” John is now walking backwards in front of him looking stupidly happy.
“I think I should change into my night clothes when you’re here with her. If she wakes up again after you leave for the night, she won’t sleep anymore.”
His thoughts wander to his session the next day with his psychiatrist Darin Wilkinson.
“What was the result of the fight?” John asks calmly and with no feelings in his voice. Marcus stares at him for a long time before he answers the question.
1971 April 23, John is born.
“Yeah, Mary wasn’t happy with me the last month’s of her life. I couldn’t stand her touching me and felt to embarrassed if I tried satisfying myself in the shower. It was easier too not do anything. Less reason for a argument to start. We were both too tired, taking care of a newborn.”
“Sherlock did that yesterday.” Peter ends quietly.
“You always say that you’re not a child. Well, now you’re treating me like a child!” His voice is very upset and he’s glaring at Sherlock.
“It was when we talked about you moving his armchair from the living room and then putting it back again.”
I have been married to two women in my life.
It becomes quiet for a moment as they both think about the discussion. Peter is wondering how his sex life is just now: has Richard increased his frequency of masturbation?
That night had been the catalyst for his next session with Peter, just weeks ago. Was it really that short time ago?
Rosie is struggling to stay awake. Her eyes are closing and each time it takes her longer to open them again. Sherlock keeps talking in a rumbling dark voice.
He’s really going around the bend now, scaring himself with his own noises!
“This is nice!” are the first words out of John’s mouth when he sees their compartments for the night.
It stunned him when John yelled that it was a way of cheating, not involving his partner!
He’s walking around in the reception.
“Rosie will come with us.”
Then with a sigh he says, “Alright, more sessions with Peter and in the meantime us talking?”
Sherlock gropes for the lube. To his surprise he finds it with no problem.
“Yes, but she’ll be tired tonight from all new things she will see and from her new surroundings, that’ll take a lot out of her.”
Lisa is trying very hard to get a conversation going between herself and John.
A shamefaced blush colors John’s cheeks and he bites his lip, looking down at his feet on the footstool. “I wasn’t jealous about David, I couldn’t care less about him. But Janine, one of Mary’s bridesmaids, was clinging to Sherlock all day at the wedding!”
Shyly Rosie hides her head in one hand, looks through the fingers and smiles.
The last week before the graduation, John meet a guy at a pub crawl. The rugby mates were out for a one last evening together. John was rather drunk because his latest girlfriend had just ended their relationship after two months.
Swiftly John looks at Sherlock again and answers.
They’re sitting in silence for some time, than Monty decides to refill the teapot with fresh tea. Neither Monty or John say anything to each other when he leaves for the kitchen, there’s no need for communication.
He’s struggling to concentrate; his mind isn’t engaged in the paperwork. All his thoughts are on how his life has changed this last year. Secondly, on the party he and Greg had planned for this weekend.
“If you ever say no, then I will respect that that’s a no.” The answer was said so quietly. John had understood that he’d hurt Sherlock by his comment.
“I think this is something we should discuss in a more private setting, don’t you?” Monty’s voice is also low, glancing back at Nate.
“I didn’t hear the first time he said that he wants to be my friend. I was panicking, and didn't hear anything he said.”
Sherlock takes the towel back to the bathroom and John lies there on the bed, a thousand thoughts in his mind.
Then it was time for making tonight’s dinner. A fish gratin that could be eaten both hot from the oven or a little tepid. A fresh salad and a dressing to be poured over the salad just before eating.
“Hey, beautiful. Did you wake up in a new environment that’s a bit noisy? Yes, it’s no fun not knowing where you are or what time of the day it is.”
Tildathings/Tilda
“She’s awakened then?” He sees a red-faced Rosie and a worried friend.
*******************************************************
Sherlock leans in and kisses John’s forehead again.
“That’s right! You’ve been neighbors with my family for many years.”
With cheeks red with a blush,  Sherlock tries to get John to drop the topic and move into the car instead.
“He was holding my hand and reading the horrible letter that was send to my mother from a former hookup my Father had at his last deployment. That letter made her decide to-“ he can’t get the words out of his mouth! Still after all this years it hurts so badly to think of her and her decision. Why didn’t she talk with someone? Father and she could have gotten a divorce!
“No, You know why I did that.” Their eyes meet and hold for a long time before John asks, “Sherlock, What are you trying to say?”
Peter sits down in his chair, not looking at them. Giving them a little bit of privacy.
The following Saturday Rosie was going to Harry’s for the day.
“No, he was proud over that I showed him respect.”
https://images.app.goo.gl/936RtnR1Rb6cMKnY8
“Yes, but we’ve worked a long time to be able to do this, haven’t we?”
“Suppose you’re right but it can be exhausting to have a student following you.”
“We’ve some things to talk about after our interview with Marcus, don’t you think?”
“Maybe John will realize I’m not worth the work to go to therapy.”
The priest is now sitting down in a chair in front of them all with his legs crossed and his hands closed on his knees.
[Yes, we can meet up. Brunch at Oliver’s at 11.00?] sent 09.38
“So you agreed to play the doting boyfriend, and played your role perfectly?”
1983 January           Hamish and Marcus meets for the first time at a grieving support group that the church have organized.
“This was one of the things I was trying to warn you about in therapy.
A long silence interrupts the conversation. Then Sherlock whispers with a low voice, trying to say the words as calmly as he can.
Peter looks on the clock on the wall beside him.
John shakes his head remembering that was exactly the way Hamish behaved against him when he was in his late teenage years. He then remembers what his mother would tell her children.
My Rose is here, 🌹
“Did Monty really tell you that?”
They play and he takes good care of her the times John leaves her with him. Rosie is very happy every time she realizes that they’re on the way to Sherlock.
Sherlock saw how hard it was for the other man to speak.
It’s Friday afternoon about six months from they returned from their journey to Buckie. John is sitting in the 221B sitting room waiting for Sherlock to come back from his therapy season with his new psychiatrist Darin.
“Yes, that sounds good, is it open?”
“Calm down, John! He hasn’t been on a date for years. There must be a reason for it.”
Every time Sherlock tried to talk about it again, John had become angrier.
Darin was a handsome man in his fifties. Tall, taller than him by far, maybe six feet six inches. Mostly blond hair with grey streaks and with peculiar light brown eyes. A strange mix of Scandinavian and Middle Eastern ancestors. He moved with grace and totally in control of his long body. When Darin Wilkinson stood in front of him that first time, Sherlock was dumbstruck!
He’s trying a joke to get Sherlock less anxious.
Me and beta reader Silvergirl have decided that Giles Watson Merivale looks like Tom Hiddleston with light hair! 😉
When they arrived, Angelo immediately showed them through a little room further into the restaurant. In the room there were only three small tables. The other two were occupied, by a straight couple and a female couple obviously also on dates.
The eye contact and funny conversation were exactly what they both needed. He’s even bold enough to reach after Sherlock’s hand on the table and only hold it silently.
“Why do you think I used my biggest bathrobe every morning?” John is smirking.
John sat in the armchair and felt completely tired and without a thought in his head. He didn’t realize when Sherlock had come into the room with tea and sandwiches. The tea was cold when he tried to drink it, but at least the sandwiches were good.
“Yes, of course. My name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes, called Sherlock!”
“You have the right to feel whatever you feel, but remember Sherlock didn’t do anything wrong here. I think you should talk to Sherlock this weekend if he wants to speak with you. Remember what we talked about and think it over. Next session we’ll talk about what your feelings are, after you’ve thought it over.”
The afternoon is spent in relaxing company with the children. They all go for a walk, looking out over the Northern Sea.
Sherlock hurry on to the bed and into John’s arm’s.
Tuesday comes and John is very nervous when he meets Peter at his office. Peter raises an eyebrow when he sees how nervous John is.
“Alright, you got me there. Do you think I can put her down now?”
John sighs, remembering Sherlock’s reaction when they talked about his university years at therapy. For John this was the hardest part of their combined therapy sessions. Even talking about his mom’s suicide and life after her death was easier.
“When did you and Father start your relationship?”
Monty’s question had astounded him.
“Soulmates: How John Met Sherlock…Again” by JaneOfCakes.
Then it became silent in the bathroom and in the whole flat.
John is nervous before he contacts Sherlock on Saturday morning. They decided to meet at Oliver’s pancakes house. When John and Rosie arrive at the restaurant Sherlock and Richard is already there, drinking coffee.
“No, that’s all.”
“You two are perfect for each other, if you would only talk! Do you not see how Sherlock leans into you as often as he can? When you two stand next to each other, he leans into you. Sitting on a sofa? Again, he leans into you! Taking your hand in his, the way he did today reading the letter. I don’t know if this is a new thing between you two, but it’s been there from the moment we met you guys at the library.” “You strongly suggest we go back to Peter for more therapy and really do the work this time?”
1968 July Hamish leaves on second deployment.
He had realized at that time that he needed the blankets to have a chance to survive the night.
Without thinking, Sherlock responds to the question in a second.
Quickly Sherlock rolls off him and sits down beside him on the bed.
This how the train sleeping compartment looks like.
They didn’t have any contact at all before Darin had encouraged Sherlock to contact Richard again. He decided after that Friday session to contact Richard.
Sherlock’s right hand goes up to his silvery hair. For a moment he’s amazed at how soft and silky the hair is under his fingers. John can’t hold back a sigh of contentment.
“He has been waiting long enough.”
“You’ve successfully helped John with things where no other psychiatrist has succeeded. What is your advice for me, then?”
“Sherlock! I think there’s something hidden in this page between a second sheet glued together?.”
Irritation is running high in his veins.
He hears a dark sexy voice asking him.
He stops at the bed and sees that John is asleep with a smile still on his lips. He’s lying on his side, one hand reaching over the place Sherlock left just for a moment ago. The hand is gripping at the sheets, it’s like the hand is searching for something.
“This is Sherlock’s lovely fingers.”
John felt flushed just thinking about it.
“Yeah? I don’t have any plans for the weekend, so okey.”
The local men had their car with them and after a quick discussion it's decided that Giles and Sherlock will take the car,  Monty and John walk with Rosie in the stroller.
They all three hear the door open behind them and rumbling laughter accompanies the two men coming through the door.
He goes after Sherlock into the living room and sees the table and the table decorations.
At least to go by John’s cuddles and kisses this morning. Not to forget those very sweet words.
“That’s not what I’m saying or even thinking. You have been too strong for far too long, carrying the burden of sorrow and loss by yourself. Never openly grieving, always putting on a strong face in public. Surrounding yourself with very few people, making it easier to keep the control and put on a mask, haven’t you?”
“Wouldn’t it have been easier if you’d told me this the first time we asked about it? We know how Monty’s brothers feels about homosexuality and how homophobic they are. The question for us was how deep this fear goes, of not accepting family members because of their sexuality.
“This! This is heartbreaking, Sherlock! John’s voice is squeezed out of him.
Sherlock had asked Darin for advice after those two explosive weeks at Baker Street.
“Yes, but ask John what he want before doing anything!”
Peter is quiet for a moment, giving Sherlock the chance to think over his response and to say something more.
The walls have bookshelves after bookshelves full with books and items from all over the world. In front of the window are two white rocking chairs with a table cluttered with books.
After some time John says with a deep sigh,“I couldn’t stand to lose you either.”
“I will take you on, but not as a client but as helping my dearest best friend. Every time you feel the need to drink, call me, skype to me or come over to Baker Street.”
He hears Sherlock softly whispering, “Redbeard.”
With a deep voice Sherlock says, “I may need your assistance, my back is very itchy and sore tonight. Would you please help me put some cream on my scars to soothe  the itching?”
The response is calm and comes in a question.
"You have never mentioned your mother or father or any other family members, except for your sister - and only in the beginning of our friendship. I talked to Harry when planning the wedding briefly, only to ask her why she wasn’t coming. I understood then that your relationship was very estranged?” He tries to understand John’s reaction by looking at his body language and facial expression.
“Being more and more flirty and showing more of his body. Like last week he came down every morning in only his bathrobe!” Frustration is clear in his voice.
John concentrates on what he's doing, massaging and spreading the cream all over Sherlock’s back. He can’t resist returning to the place where Sherlock's reaction is most obvious.
The second tour they became closer, because now the risks were higher and the attacks harder and more frequent.
“My thirteen-year old, Mark, is with his father this week,”
John’s response comes immediately.
*********************
“Thank you, it’s something we both will never get really over, isn’t it? You over your loss of your mum and me of my son?
John started to talk with the guy about how flighty girls could be and how easy they were to offend. John had made a comment about how uninteresting he found a discussion about clothes.
“No! She’s right! We need to talk and we both need it right now!”
“I said it before at therapy, this is important for you.” Determined, he then ended the discussion with, “Therefore it’s important for me, because I love you.”
“WHA- No! We have an agreement with you and Peter, as long as we go to therapy!”
John comes out of the bathroom and starts hanging up shirts and trousers and putting them in the closet.
“Sweetheart, I have to wash your hair. It’s full of things from yesterday’s playtime with Hamish and Dolly.”
“Dinner is ready and a little girl is hungry. Come on! Time to eat.”
“I have already forgiven him! In the train with the bomb, haven’t he told you that story?”
“Okay.” Sherlock looks scared. When John realizes that Sherlock is scared of him he understands that maybe he must do something about that first.
This fic isn’t finished yet; one chapter remains.
“You’ve never traveled on a train with a baby!” John feels a warmth when he realizes what the other man is trying to say. Rosie isn’t a problem for him.
A strange feeling comes over John when he hears his words.
“Who ended your sexual relationship?” The words a ript from John’s lips.
“I was thinking how we’ve had so much of the same life experience.”
“If it’s okay with Rosie, come back if she starts making a fuss.”
“I don’t think that’s on the table just now. You’re both too hurt, maybe in the future? Who knows?”
“Yes, I’ll only call Richard first. We haven’t decided yet when to meet for dinner.”
“John, I have gotten a room where we can talk.” Greg puts a hand on John’s left arm to lead him there. Slowly Sherlock follows the two men.
***********************************
John again agrees with his cousin: “Going away from every place here he could see his lover in every corner. By escaping, he reduced the risk of following Ossian and doing something desperate.”
“Well, we live five minutes away from the hotel It’s only half past four now. Maybe we can have tea at our home and talk?” Monty suggests.
John nods and again feeling that ugly feeling of jealousy.
The female couple didn’t even look up when they entered the room, only having eyes for each other. The other couple glanced at them before returning to their own conversation.
Sherlock falls asleep first, breathing deeply.
Sherlock had gotten some suggestions from Darin that they could discuss and try, to see if it worked for them.
“Yes, but I hurt him too!”
#Warning NSFW!
The library looks like many other small libraries, with books everywhere and in one corner some computers for visitors to use.
That morning had been the start of Sherlock feeling like he was a teenager again, hormones wreaking havoc in his body. It was like the first months when he was with Scott. When just a look at his boyfriend would make him feel like a puddle on the floor.
“Yes, can you bring a cup of tea with you from the lounge?
“What do you think about that idea? Sherlock was positive about the suggestion yesterday.”
“And I didn’t?” His voice is so suppressed with anger.
Angelo pours champagne into the two glasses and leaves the table, nodding in approval.
One night nine months into the tour, James hadn’t come to their evening meeting.
With his hands ready to start the massage he whispers a question in John’s ears by leaning over him, “Are you ready?”
WARNING! If suicide is a trigger for you, please don’t read this chapter.
By now Sherlock was shaking so hard that he thought he would pass out.
When Sherlock looks at the list he realizes that Hamish really tried to live up to his Father’s rules. Even if his parents didn’t like him having sex before marriage it was also evidence that he was heterosexual.
He has just sat down in his armchair when he hears John opening the door downstairs.
There is such a sorrow in John’s voice.
“Build your relationship with Richard and John. As romantic and friendly relationships. I would recommend you to really think it over what YOU want in a sexual relationship. Your body is yours, nobody has the right to your body. Nobody has the right to say to you, ‘If we don’t do anything sexual I will leave you.’ That person is so wrong in so many ways. You don’t guilt trip a partner into sex!”
Sherlock starts to shake his head, removes his hands from John’s waist and takes a step back.
“To Father Chaney.
John is in agony now, his mind and especially his body can’t concentrate on Sherlock’s words. The only thing he wants is Sherlock’s body over his back and a hand on his dick, right now!
When John hears Sherlock’s words he breathes in a breath harshly. He then looks at Sherlock and wonders if he hurt Sherlock more then he knows he has?
I can’t thank Silver Girl enough,for beta reading and making this fic chapter so much better. You have all read the chapter’s that isn’t beta read and seen how much her work is doing for this fic.
Homophobia is a hard subject to talk about but necessary if we should be able to stop the hate.
“Yes, it’s okay for me, Cousin John. I don’t know what my husband Giles has to say about that.” He turns and looks at the man behind him, “Come on! What do you think, love?”
He hears someone outside the door and eagerly looks up, his life was with this man and it was time to tell Sherlock that.
Monty nearly jumps, he hadn’t realized that John had also been looking at him.
Bravely he got the question out: “Are you gay? Because that’s one of my problems, coming out in public, with my orientation.”
After that discussion John had started to experiment on himself whenever he had the opportunity to do so.
“I know you feel like you’ve let us down, just now. But I think it’s probably saved us many problems later on. Come on, let’s get some tea.”
“Did your mother work outside home?”
Theo is looking at him with a curious look, John meets his eyes and the secretary lifts a eyebrow in a silent question.
He can’t find the words so he stops speaking.
Somehow Sherlock understands that it is not on for him to stroke the tears away or recognize them in any way. He only keeps on holding John’s hand and stroking it with his thumb, as John had done before.
“Sorry, I need the gents!” He abruptly leaves and goes to the toilets.
Mulling that over for a moment John realizes that’s true, he did know about Sherlock’s soldier kink. All those glossy mags with soldiers that were lying around the flat.
“Dad always said that a person named Hamish could be honourable or a disgrace, I decided which one was me.” John’s voice is sad as he tells Sherlock this.
***********************
It wasn’t just that Sherlock hadn’t found any man desirable in the meantime between Seb and John; he hadn’t wanted to be pitied for being gay and a junkie.
Eve is a short blond woman with brown eyes and a big smile.
“Of course. Shall I put my bag in your compartment, then?”
They’re fighting soundlessly, with stern eye contact.
“Yes, I remember one Major Sholto being very interested to find out if we were related somehow. I told him that I didn’t think we were, the name John and even Watson isn’t so uncommon.”
When he gets to the pub he sees Greg, Mike and Sherlock are at the bar. Sherlock is talking to another man, looking happy and relaxed.
……………………………………………………………………………………
“Well, he can hope to be released in fifteen to twenty years by a kiss from a princess or prince.” Now John is laughing nearly hysterically.
Marcus nods at Sherlock’s last words and turns to John to say, “I hope we’ll keep in touch, it’s been so good to see that you become such a good man. Sorry that we couldn’t meet when you was younger.”
1965 the beginning of July a baby boy is born and died a week later.
After the shower started, John took care of Rosie. He heard the other man going down to the kitchen afterwards. But soon he started pacing around in the living room.
1969 December 4, Hamish comes home on recovery leave. He is at first staying at military hospital for 4 months.
Would it work with Sherlock’s demisexuality, and would he even want to have sex with him?
“Cullen Bay hotel.”Sherlock quickly answers.
The temptation to get high for some relief interfered with his thoughts nearly every evening. If he could escape for some hours, at least to the morning. It had been the hardest thing for him to do, staying drug free.
They’re both freshened ups and Rosie has a snack, then they decide to go to the village.
John had felt so vulnerable at that moment. Afraid that if he said too much Sherlock would think he was needy and not worth the trouble.
“What is it with him?” John is flabbergasted at Sherlock’s uncoordinated walk.
With his smile that John has seen a very few times, Sherlock answers.
Sorry for the lond delay for this chapter. I have been sick and had a writers block.
He looks up, first at John then on Monty. “Is it a note from the night he left?” It’s Giles asking the question as he lays a arm around Monty’s shoulder. He’s sensing how tense Monty is and that he’s in need of support. He knows that Monty would never ask for reassurance but needs it desperately in a situation like this.
Sherlock meets him with a hug and kiss to his head. John leans his head on Sherlock’s chest, humming contently when the man lays his arms around him.
At first Monty tries not to laugh with him, but gives up after a moment.
Marcus returns to the place at the sofa that he occupied before his feelings got the better of him.
The walk is lovely in the afternoon sun and Rosie is a happy girl after her nap and snack.
A very big Thank you to Silver Girl that beta read this chapter. She’s really has worked hard to bring this chapter to a readable chapter.
“Haven’t thoughts of it like that before. But you’re right, that’s how it's been used in my family too.” He looks up and sees an astonishing picture before them. “Is that Sherlock?”
“John!”
“Is it so obvious that I’m uncomfortable?” She bites her lip and looks John in his eyes. Now he can see she has light blue eyes.
“Oh! If I didn’t have that experience–”  He falls silent in the middle of the sentence.
Long time this fic was updated. It’s one year in April-😬
“How is your schedule for the coming days?” Sherlock ask with a pensive voice.
With an apologetic look John answers, “Yes, sorry.”
John is politely answering her questions but his eyes are on Sherlock.
*****************************************************
1980 November 1, Hamish comes home for one year.
1983 May 3    Hamish sees John hugging another boy after a rugby match. He gets angry and punishes John by breaking his nose and arm.
For some time Sherlock had let him process his thoughts, only stroking his arm slowly, being a warm presence behind him when John thought about everything that had been said and done.
Again John becomes silent and just breathing. Both Sherlock and Greg see how hard it is for him to talk about this.
“Why?” John is suddenly clearly awake again.
Sherlock had inhaled a big gulp of air before saying with a low voice,  “Rosie just demanded a kiss, just being a toddler and looking at me with a hurt look. I remember that it upset me that I couldn’t be--”
John is sitting in his office, trying to do the last of the week’s paperwork before going home.
“Him coming out of the closet and accepting that he loves me as his life partner. For him to stop putting himself down for loving a man. Yes, that would be a good start, I think.”
Smiling at both men Peter tries to lead them on to a new point of discussion.
………………………………………………………………………
The response from his lover showed John that his recollection was right.
Go on: London (we both love our town and it's where we met and where we live together.)
John stands there stunned, looking at Sherlock’s back.
Angelo had been very grumpy over the whole thing but also said that the customers were old friends and it was an important anniversary for the guests.
Sherlock starts pulling on his jacket and in a swift move gives him a kiss on his forehead.
Maybe never wanting to let another person near him again to take his body without him giving permission. Does Sherlock know that about himself?
He starts talking in a deep rumbling voice that confirms for the psychiatrist that it is uncomfortable for Sherlock to talk about it.
If you hurt him ever again I will-……… ; you already know what will happen. Congratulations on at last realizing your true loves. Mycroft
He takes out his phone from the pocket and quickly writes a message to Sherlock.
“I know! Sorry, I panicked for a moment! Being openly bisexual is a big step for me. The other thing that was hard to see were you and Richard on a date.”
“How about if we go to the library? They might have old newspapers, maybe if we search the years just before your great-grandfather left Buckie we can find something about the scandal.”
“Janine went after you into the bathroom, John said. Why did you both play the game of being a couple?”
I swear this story wouldn’t leave me alone after reading the first chapter.
“What’s up? You’re very anxious today, why?”
“Yes, Greg is good for brother dear. Gives him less time to bother us.”
A new pause and chance for John to say something. He doesn’t say anything in response, he's only glaring at Peter.
Quickly John changes positions and follows up: “Can I push down the waistband a little more?” The immediate response from Sherlock is, “Honey!”
“I think the scandal is that your great-grandfather was bisexual and got caught with a man. If he’d been found with another woman, it would’ve been bad, but not so bad that he would have to leave his wife and children, abandoning them. It isn’t in your family code of conduct to abandon the family. Even when you know your wife’s deepest secret.” He stops speaking to gauge John’s reaction.
He decides to be brave and ask for a thing he dreamed about after seeing a meme that a fan of his sent him when he still lived with Mary.
“I know, but I still feels likes he left me. We had just decided to become parents after five years together. It didn’t matter if we had adopted a child or become parents by a surrogate mother. We had a Doctors appointment the next week to get physical to see if we could go the surrogate way? with light blush on his cheeks and a shy look at John he says.
…………………………………………………………………………………….........................
This story made me so happy when reading it for the first time. It has a description of how a person can feel about love and sex.
He glanced over at the boy, dark hair, big eyes and cheekbones to die for. He had started to giggle and the boy had looked so confused that he had to kiss him again, not even thinking about the taxi driver at all.
Sorry for the delay on this chapter. It was hard for me to write about a child in a second language and whit my dyslexia. Find information on child words and what a child can and can’t do. Thank god for all lovely people at Johnlock fic club chat forum. Thank you!❤️
John doesn’t say or explain anymore than that. He can only hope that Sherlock understands how important he has always been from the first time they saw each other.
“Two people used to making people talk and one not used to lying?”
That’s what he’s understood over the discussion at therapy. Internalized homophobia is a bitch. Sherlock knows that well after his dealings with Sebastian and Mother.
John had explained that when his father was home all her attention was on him. The children come in second place at best, if neither of the grandparents was sick at that moment. If John or Harry interrupted their parents' time together, she became upset. She didn´t hurt them but made it clear that they couldn’t interrupt their parents’ time.
“Do you want to see your house? Reflexively John lifts his shoulders and make a face. His feelings is all over the place at the moment.
Richard is standing in the doorway of the kitchen and living room smiling at them.
Again Sherlock rumbles out a laugh at John’s funny face. John reaches out to caress his cheek, his face showing admiration and happiness.
“I’ve had sex dreams about Sherlock whit *happy endings*. It’s so embarrassing!”
“Many people don’t like anal sex, even some male gay men never do it.” The soft voice is trying to calm his client down. “I would however recommend that you start with a kiss. No one knows how either of you reacts to the feeling of being close. Respect each other and ask for consent when starting to do something new.”
At that moment John was too stunned to say anything. James had just come out to him.
After Richard’s last confession, Sherlock had made tea, to give Richard a moment to get himself together.
Sighing, John had turned away from the paperwork he was doing at the living room table, and went to sit down beside his lover.
“That’s good news, I mean, you told me in the beginning of our therapy sessions that you thought you’d become impotent?”
“No! I know now that you can think you’ve forgiven someone something, but you really haven’t. That’s what I learned at our session with Peter when you two showed me your back. When the time comes when you can trust me with both your body and heart. Then you can forgive me.”
John hums his assent before saying, “I know. Why do you think I didn’t leave Mary when she shot you? Or when I went back to her after living and being with you in the hospital for nearly five months?”
Remembering the hurt and sorrow in his friend's face still haunted Sherlock.
With the water pouring into the tub he starts lighting candles around the bathroom.  He puts them on the sink and on the little shelf with bottles.
He had researched Dr Peter J Morse, he had even asked Mycroft about him.
“Sure, see you in a bit.”
“But one thing I can’t do is to never see you again or not have you in my life. Even if we only do stupid things like arguing over who’ll pay the taxi driver after we solve a case.”
He has a flashback to how his feelings had been at that time. The feelings had shifted between small moments of laughter and to being really sad and angry.
John still lives with Rosie in the home he shared with Mary. Last week it was a year ago that Mary was killed.
“I don’t know? It’s never been a issue for me before. I’m a gay, demi sexual man in my forty’s? I haven’t thought about meeting a man to have children with for a long time.”
“Do you want to be a father?” He’s stunned.
“Oh, I’d known that for years but been too afraid to do anything about it.”  John’s upset but something is driving him to speak openly with his cousin. It’s like a floodgate has been broken and the words are just pouring out of him. “I got married to a woman knowing that I loved him more than her. But my father's words kept ringing in my head, ‘don’t dishonor the Watson name!’”
It’s night and some hours after you told me that Ossian was the Devil and our love made us criminals both on earth and in heaven.
“You being the one taking care of me after sex?”
“Yes, both of those things. But with a person I really love it’s–”
John gives a nod, reaching out a hand to cup his neck. “Absolutely!”
“You’re afraid, for what reason?”
When Sherlock hears John’s question he shrugs and a mask of indifference appears over his face.
“Watson!” John says promptly.
Peter is also seeing the same reaction in Sherlock’s behavior. He turns his body in Sherlock’s direction and lays all his observation skills on Sherlock and asks.
The next day, Sunday.
“I’ll give you his number.”
“You’ve a theory about what the scandal can be: do you want to tell me? Or do you not want to speculate before having all the data?” Waiting for a response from Sherlock feels like hours.
“I’m hungry, I thought you would be happy?”
“I know that’s not my business but it’s hurt to see you happy together. I know, I haven’t any right to complain after the things you went through. Seeing me and Mary at the marriage ceremony, for example.”
John was home for a year but had to be at Harry’s for her wedding.
“Yes, remember you came early to me one morning not so long ago because you needed someone to take care of Rosie?”
Father Holstii is a bit surprised at Mr Holmes’ question about seeing the papers about Hamish Montgomery Watson’s time working at the church. But he doesn’t have any real objection when he hears that John Hamish Watson is traveling up to Scotland to get to know more about his great-grandfather.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond. His eyes are tearing up with the memories of how hard the whole Mary palaver was to him. He can also understand how hard it is for John now after all soul searching his been through and then telling Sherlock his feelings and being rejected.
Rosie looks on with big blue eyes and forgets to protest herself, soon her eyes shut down. John tries to slip out from the arms clinging around his left arm. Rosie sighs and curls up around a pillow instead.
“But what if he leaves me?”
He decides to ask about Janine’s importance in Sherlock’s life.
***************************
“Sherlock, please. Nice of you too answers John and mine’s questions.
When the bath is ready with lights twinkling invitingly, he leaves the bathroom to go and wait in the living room.
“A long time ago, John. But maybe that’s a good thing?” He takes John’s hand and holds it in both of his. Before answering, “Now I know that’s something that’s on the list for me, and if you want to, we can make new memories that are only ours. When we have the chance and we’re in a safe place?
Hesitating for only a moment Peter decides to ask a difficult question. If he doesn’t push him Sherlock won’t accept certain feelings he has for John.
“Sherlock decides he must tell the reporter the truth. Knowing that all media will pick it up on it in no time, that he’s gay and on a date.”
“What’re your safe words and mine? Answer me, John.”
Without really thinking he ask Richard.
“Yes! But I think your daughter would appreciate being in the car instead? Probably catching up on some much needed nap, hm?”
“It’s hard to take in that this man have been in my Father’s life for a very long time, and meant so much for him without me and Harry knowing anything about him? All the time when Father didn’t come home at the evening’s and nights, telling us that he was working or meeting *friends*.”
The next minute the guy was kissing him. What was he supposed to do? His head was spinning and the music was so loud, and he felt so alive! For the first time in many years!
“Unsettling? Unpleasant?”
Sighing, he shakes his head, trying to stay as calm as possible.
“You don’t want us to keep going to Peter?”
Monty suggests in a low voice, “Abandoning his children was the only way it was possible for him to respect his vow to Ossian?”
He knew John and Greg were up to something the next day, but what it was had been difficult to find out.
“It’s a good thing we live nowadays, with new laws and at least less prejudice among people! Giles is a lovely man, and your Hamish is a happy little boy.”
The jealousy was hard to stand. With a taste of bile in his mouth he listened to Sherlock’s history. Sometimes it felt like all he wanted was to shout and hit something.
Now Sherlock looks very determined that Rosie should come with them.
Do you know why your husband was in a fight on his last deployment?
Yes, they had been lovers for many years at that time. Their love story started when they met at Sandhurst 1965.
“She then started to explain what demisexuality is and why she thought I was that. She said that, a demisexual personality must know and feel safe with the person they’re having sex with, even in their own mind. It doesn’t matter what gender their partner is for many demisexual people. Some people are totally straight or gay, but for some people it’s fluid.”
“Just take care of your best friend that have had a horrible day. Feed him, cuddle him! He needs it even if he isn’t telling you that.”
Nervously John looks away and down on Sherlock’s throat instead of into his eyes.
“Really, I’ve never noticed that before!” John answers with a cheeky wink from his left eye. That relaxes Sherlock, John being John.
Sherlock had waited in his bedroom in the meantime, not even peeking out from the room when John left to get ready in his old room.
John nodded his head, because he couldn’t get a word out.
“Hasn’t that been obvious for a long time now?”
After the walk and a playtime in the garden for the children, Monty asked if their guests would like to eat dinner with them.
“All right, always your way, Sherlock!”
He coming over and takes Rosie from John’s arms and kisses her forehead.
“Many times in the later years of his life. That were after Hamish and mine relationship had become only friendship and he was really drinking himself to death.
Sherlock straightens his back when he realizes that John has finished reading the letter.
It took some time, but after two sessions Sherlock told them that he was worried about the damp and mould in the flat. How bad that could be for both of the Watsons’ health. He worried specially about Rosie’s little lungs. John was stunned by that revelation.
John thinks for himself. “If that was a  true statement, I would have been happy.”
He knows that Sherlock has always asked him for a firm touch, when John has helped with cuts and bruises before.
Sherlock gulps down the last of his tea.
Sherlock smiles back at him, letting him know that he understands what he's doing.
“No, you’re not late. Richard come with me because we thought he could take care of Rosie when we talked at another table?”
Peter is nodding and asks,
“Got you! We’re not going to Angelo’s tonight. Greg and I had other ideas. Don’t worry, we’ll have plenty of time for ourselves this weekend!”
They hear voices outside and realize that Giles and Sherlock are coming back from the church.
Deeply moved, Sherlock's response is a whisper, “thank you, glad you like it.”
“Father was more respectful than dad.” John’s voice is so low now. His body language signaling that he doesn’t want to talk about it.
“It’s late, best to get some sleep before tomorrow’s drive to Buckie.”
“We meet the first time after he had come home from a rehab and Peggy needed someone to help her collect him from the place. Peggy thought I was a friend that your dad tried to save from sodomy! He snorts when he says that.
Talking and feeling those feelings again and discussing how his life had been as a child, teenager and later as a university student, made it easier for him to see and understand his anger better.
John’s problem with impotence was new information even for him. All the time he lived at the Watson house, John had taken showers of a normal length to relieve himself of tension. At least that’s what he thought John was doing.
“This is very confusing. I’ve had this conversation with multiple people before, everyone else has been against using toys in a relationship.”
After a moment he starts to speak again.
When he comes out and goes into Rosie’s room she has cried herself to sleep again.
“She’s a real fighter when she’s decided on something,” her godfather says in a thoughtful tone.
John says with a thoughtful voice.
John quickly corrects himself.
They start with the diary, which is marked with a paper where they should start to read. John takes the book and Monty follows him to the sofa. John begins to read about the evening when their great grandfather was caught with his lover. The priest was shocked and didn’t want the information spread in the church and community.
Sherlock start his investigation of John’s parents life but specially Hamish Watson life.
“Right! Sorry, so much has happened this last days. You know about Sherlock’s fake jump from Bart’s hospital, too?”
“One last question - do you know why my grandfather was so homophobic?”
John clears his throat and mumbles that he will use the toilet.
After Harry and Rosie left for a fun Saturday together, John had sat down in his armchair reading the paper. He’d tried to not seem interested in anything Sherlock was doing. He was very obviously ignoring his partner.
The priest describes how he reads the telegram and doesn’t say anything to the remaining churchgoer. He goes into the church and up to the organ gallery. Hamish is sitting at the organ going through music for a funeral the next day.
“Hi Watson! Are you cooking with Richard and Mrs H?”
“Sherlock, telł him about your feelings at the time Irene and John met at Battersea station.”
He stands up and puts his hand in one of his trouser pockets, pulls up a note.
Hamish and Rosie were tired but still in high spirits. Monty tries to reason with Hamish, telling him that if he doesn’t sleep he will be very tired in the afternoon and later at dinner. But a stubborn five-year-old isn’t a easy opponent.
Trying to sound very thoughtful, John answers, ”not only for the nuts, the whole package, your arms, chest, legs and don’t forget that bum! Haven’t you seen yourself in a mirror?”
Stubbornly John had protested Sherlock’s decision. Why would he move back home? It would be very uncomfortable with the two renovations going on at the house: both the renovation of flat C and Mrs Hudson’s bedroom in flat A. The workers would start early in the morning, and other subcontractors often came in the evening and worked quite late.
“Sorry for being late. Have you two been waiting for us?”
“You would let me meet her? Thank you, I accept gladly to meet her and you.”
“I’m so sorry for all the suffering I put you through. From the bottom of my heart I hope you can forgive me somehow, someday.”
He sees Sherlock’s tender smile when he looks down at the little girl in the cot. It’s very crowded in a small place between the wall and the bed.
Sherlock had then said with a thoughtful voice, “You need more sexual relief than I do. If you were always asking me for sex—.” He exhaled and ended with simply telling John his fears for the future. “I might not be able to handle the pressure of being everything for you.”
“It’s a problem that both me and Sherlock have problems with talking about emotions. For a very long time I thought Sherlock could magically read my life story and feelings. I think the best thing we ever did was go to a psychologist.”
John had sighed and changed positions so he could look Sherlock in  the eye before saying anything.
A bit dazed, they let go for a moment to catch their breath.
“Sherlock, your legs are much longer than mine, could you be the big spoon?”
Oral sex, both as a receiver and giver.
His friend smiles over the table and answers with a warm voice,
It makes him feel happiness and a strong feeling of just being there in the moment. John was content with him as a lover, even if he had come too soon. It didn’t matter.
A new thought comes to him about this lovely man in front of him.
I promise I do my very best. Sighs, here we go. Tilda
“Not only for that reason. When I was around thirteen I fell in love with a boy.”
living together and taking care of her together?
Two women come over to John’s table. They start talking to Greg, they seem to know him. After a little while Greg introduces the two women to Mike and John.
John feelings is in a jumble. The whole day has been like a roller coaster. The dinner and the end of the evening had been nice. He’s a bit surprised over how much he likes Richard.
“How do you feel after meeting Marcus? Richard takes a mouthful of food and waits on John’s replay.
“Please, take a seat.”
“Will you be alright hearing the truth tomorrow?”
Sherlock writes something down on the laptop and then asks.
“That’s his right to do, John!”
The first four months it had been a bit hard for him to understand Sherlock.
A man comes out into the room carrying a stack of books; he looks up and sees John.
Sherlock rolls over and draws up his legs against his stomach. Holding on to his legs. Feeling miserable for all the sorrow and hurt he did to John. Realizing that he’ll probably not sleep this night.
Sherlock comes with two cups in his hands and sits down at the table John chosen, sitting behind a trellis with a healthy green ivy. Rosie could only hear John and Sherlock’s voices but it’s makes her secure enough to eat her pancakes.
“Do you want to feel my cook in your hand? the lovely voice of the man he loves asks. He can’t answer only reaching for his lovers cook.
1965 April ?  Hamish meets J.H for the first time.  He wrote in his diary
Sherlock nearly falls out of his chair. Wobbling on his feet, he goes to the door that leads to Theo in the reception.
“I don’t understand why that would make me dream about having sex with Sherlock later that night. He’s Richard’s boyfriend!
“Of course, sorry!” John's reaction is sharp and comes very automatically. Many years of keeping up appearances and being closed off when it comes to everything private.
“Yes, but we don’t have the family history before him. Was there a Hamish in the family before the one who was caught with a man?”
For a moment neither of the men say anything. Monty steals glances at his cousin. After some time John realizes that Monty wants to say something but doesn't know how to do it.
“Shhhh, it’s okay. Everything is alright now. You’re in my arms and you know how much I love you, always have. Sweetheart, Richard is a friend but you’re in my arms.” Sherlock murmurs softly.
“Haven’t you made the arrangements for the trip rather fast?”
“Do I pass as your lover?” The worry in that voice nearly breaks John.
“Yes, this’ll do. Not too hard or too soft.”
John wakes up feeling happy but also emotional. He realizes that he needs to talk with Marcus and visit his old family house.The visit brings new insights.
He shakes his head when he remembers the feeling of being in deep water. At that moment he thought she would start groping him again with eager fingers. That’s what she had done the mornings before, after he’d showered and changed clothes.
Sherlock sits in his thinking pose for a moment. Hands against his mouth, eyes rapidly moving when he thinks.
After some time of arguing Richard had understood what the other man was trying to explain. It had been hard for him to hear where Sherlock’s reactions and behaviour had come from.
“Before Harry declared she was a lesbian. My father had seen me hugging my friend after a rugby match that we won. My father broke my nose and my right arm that evening. The next day he took me to the hospital insisting that I fall off my bike. He was a doctor working at that hospital, nobody said anything!”
“Still trying to feed me, I see.” Sherlock says with a low voice.
John is feeding Rosie and glancing at the woman, in between giving Rosie a spoonful of food. Sherlock immediately registers John’s interest in her.
“Unfortunately not. At the time everyone that had anything to discuss with the Sexton, went to his cottage. Normally during daytime, but this afternoon the priest had gotten a special request: for a longer ringing next Sunday for a dead parishioner’s family.”
“Why does he want me to still be in your life and maybe hurt you even more?”
“You read about what I did in the media when it happened?”
John asks, sounding thoughtful, “What was your father’s occupation?”
Sherlock answers him with a soothing voice in the dark. “We’ll probably both mess things up sometimes going to therapy. If you don’t judge me when I do that, why should I do it to you?”
“Dinner?”
***************************************************
“John, we have been together for over forty-eight hours and we’ve been talking the whole time. How did you feel?”
“He looked rather shaken when we left.” Sherlock ends the recap of their meeting. “I think the letter’s already been burned.” Giles interrupts and gives Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze: “It’s good that Sherlock thought to document the letter for the family, if the priest starts trying to deny it ever existed.”
“I’m so sorry to hear that, when we talked I understood that you love him so very much.”
A bright smile appears in Sherlock´s eyes and on his lips, telling his great happiness.
Then you write me a letter that only talks about making love, about tenderness and closeness.
“The little Lady have eaten and is a bit restless, I think we take a walk to the playground at the other side of the house?” He smiles at Sherlock with happiness. “Call me when you have eaten.”
“Maybe Greg? He knows everything, John. Mycroft has told him everything about what happened.”
“Then we could possibly take the train tomorrow afternoon? I can go to my session with Peter in the morning? What should we do with Rosie?” A troubled look appear on Sherlock’s face when he asks the last question.
Without a word he leans up and gives Sherlock’s shoulder a kiss, it’s the only thing he can reach but he urgently needs to do that.
Hours and hours of rants from his father how Harry destroyed the family name, both at church and in the neighbourhood. Always feeling his father’s and grandparents’ eyes on him. Judging him for everything he did and especially which people he chose to be friends with and who he dated when he got older. The girl he went out with at that time had to have a good name in the neighbourhood and church.
“Okay, that would be a bit more sleep than normal for Rosie at daytime.” The little girl is fighting very hard now not to fall asleep. She’s trying to look out the window even if her eyelids are heavy.
“Ah- Sorry, it’s scary how alike you two are. If you two were standing next to each other I would have a problem saying which one was our John!”
John’s first reaction is to be startled, he takes a deep breath and tries to compose himself.
“Yes, maybe the son was older and had already moved away from home?
“Why else would Hamish react so strongly against anything homosexual, and manifest his hate so violently in the family? He even left his first name, Hamish, as a cautionary tale to his son.”
“It’s a big consideration, you know your great-grandfather comes from Buckie, you’re both named John Watson, and it sounds like you look very alike.”
Monty stops dead in his tracks, frowning as he looks at John.
Six months later they met for a drink but James had problems with his sick aging mother and couldn’t stay for long.
They both take a sip of tea, letting the silence stretch out between them.
“Please, love! Can you stop talking and—!” his hips are grinding into the bed. He’s fighting to breathe!
He doesn’t dare to look at his lover. “Of course! It’ll be much easier for me to wash your hair and clean your back.”
“Yes, I do want you to feel safe.” John’s become very red-faced at Sherlock’s words.
“Who is his date?” He says the line with an audible question mark.
“No, Anderson and Lestrade told me that.”
“In your reference to controlling, does that include looking after you so that you eat and sleep? Smirking, John glared at him.
Sherlock holds on to the man in his arms, letting him have a moment of grief and relief. Knowing that Sherlock wouldn’t be lost to another relationship with another man. Giving John time to work on himself and their relationship.
“Even if they did care, why should it bother us? We can protect ourselves better than most other couples out on this street.” John’s response came out a bit biting and brisk.
“Making love, John. It’s hardly a one-night-stand!”
“If you’re willing to risk your immortal life, then nobody can stop you!” Father gets out with an accusing voice.
“Thank you. We’ll let you know if we aren’t back for John’s session on Tuesday.”
“Stop that! This is my fault. You warned me about traveling with a toddler, remember. She’s my goddaughter and if she needs me, then she has me.”
Sounding really surprised and a bit excited Sherlock asks, “Why should I be offended over that? You find me sexy?”
The other two men silently look at him and then at each other, both wondering what to say.
They say their goodbyes and soon Rosie and Hamish see their dads walking into the garden.
1966 late January Hamish Watson deployment starts in Dahfor.
“I see your problem.” Is all Sherlock responds.
He takes a baby swipe from the nightstand drawer.
Earlier in the week after their meeting with Marcus he had decided that he needed to talk with Peter about his sexuality and- sex.
“Is there anything specific you want to discuss today?”
“As I have already told Mr Montgomery Watson and Mr Giles Merivale, that’s not possible for me to tell. Nobody knows what happened!”
Some mornings the plumbing didn’t work and cold showers became the normal thing. John also became rather good at plumbing work, which he had put to good use ever since.
John can’t keep quiet and he shouts!
“It was only a cigarette. Don’t look at me like I have taken drugs,” Sherlock says when he meets John at the table.
“Best not to speculate before we have the correct data.”
“Should we call each other J.M and J.H, to not confuse everyone around us?” He says with a laugh in his voice.
He starts coughing before he can answer. The feeling of having something in his throat makes it hard to say anything. He fights out the words.
John looks at Sherlock and signs for him to walk before him to the office.
She sighs contentedly and goes to sleep without any protest.
“London,” comes in a husky whisper from John.
“Why did you hate me so much when she died?”
“Good. So what do you want to discuss about coming out to Sherlock?”
“He abandoned his family?”
“Shall we ordering some pancakes? Now John gets very surprised.
……………………………………………………………………………
“The older Harry and I got the more nights he didn’t come home. Grandma and Grandfather were still living with us. I was fifteen when my Grandfather died and seventeen when Grandma died.”
“Sherlock, before you do anything, take your time and think it over. What would you need to give a relationship with John a go?”
Monday afternoon
After sitting in silence for some time Monty starts to talk.
“You thought I was asexual at first and then heterosexual?”
The second time, they stop for something to eat.
Still his lover had a troubled look on his face. “Yes of course, it will be best if we can come to an agreement that we both can accept and live with.”
Again silence falls over the room.
“So Father was sent home?
Mycroft hadn’t had anything against making it possible for him to get some tickets, but he was very surprised that it was Richard whom Sherlock would invite.
“What else makes you think that what Janine said is right?”
Sherlock goes to her and gives her a kiss on her head. She looks up on him with her big eyes and suddenly a big smile takes over her face. The spoon gets thrown in the air and nearly hits Sherlock in his face. Sherlock catches it in the last minute.
Peter looks at both of them before he starts the session.
Another sip of the water and a glance at Sherlock. “Lovemaking,” he gets out.
“Then we’re in agreement?
Jealousy and confusion took over John, and that anger at being left by his lover became a big part of the problem. He decided to never again try something like that again. Women and girlfriends were the way forward for him.
Hastily Sherlock opens the door.
He thought that maybe it was best to clarify some of the do’s and don’ts in their relationship.
Soon enough some decisions were made. A quick visit down to Mrs Hudson’s linen closet and a search for red placemats and white napkins. Decorations with flowers and tea lights. Some rose petals scattered among the plates and glassware.
The more John listens to him talk, the harder it gets for him to breathe. John swallows hard to push down the feelings.
Sherlock starts out of his mind palace where he was storing the train and the sleeping compartments and what’s happened this evening.
“You did risk my life! If you only knew how many times I thought of ending it. How many times I drank myself into oblivion. And then you appear with a lunatic joke, dressing like a waiter!”
“What have you done? Why didn’t you tell me?” Flabbergasted, Sherlock looks at John.
“That’ll be interesting!”
Sherlock stands there straight as a pine with his hands clasped behind his back.
He’s soon asleep also.
Really?
A very big Thank you to the very kind beta reader Silver girl.
Sherlock had smiled up at him and pointedly looked at John’s clothes. He didn’t need to say anything!
John and Sherlock are both surprised at the man’s reaction and what he's telling them. John is the first of them to find his voice.
Shaking his head slowly, he returns to telling what happened that morning.
Late next morning Sherlock is up and making breakfast, searching out Scott’s old present, the rainbow tray.
Hastily Sherlock sits up and drops the pjs to the floor. John turns around and catches Sherlock’s eye. For just a moment they look at each other and Sherlock’s penis jumps with appreciation.
“It’s up to you.” Sherlock answers his questionly look.
“What’s the alternative? Going our separate ways?”
“How’d you mean?”
“Yes--” struggling to compose himself, the librarian stammers a bit before starting over with his answers.
“Do you think that you have to be the caretaker in relationships, because if you don’t, your partner will leave you?”
Hi, reader
“Sorry-
In the car John has made it clear that he wants them to spend the night in the same compartment.
“Did someone catch them in compromising situation? Sherlock is eagerly asking, he can’t stand the silence anymore.
Bad girl move, Janine. I like it!
The smile and michshef in Marcus eyes says that he isn’t even a little sorry for how his house looks.
The man that your children are named after, John Henry Doyle.
“Sorry Mrs H, I didn’t mean to be stirring up old memories.” Monty gives the old woman a hug. “You know you've been like a Gran to me and my siblings.”
John had then asked in a calm, low voice, “you and I are deciding what’s good or bad in our relationship, nobody else. Is that what you’re trying to tell me?”
Sherlock had made a comment that Monty had been right, John could sabotage their whole relationship with his jealousy.
Sherlock nearly interrupts him, eager to let him know that he wouldn’t have said no, in his drunken stupor.
“Infidelity isn’t something you take lightly, and then there’s the problem of internalized homophobia.”
“Hush now, memories of Ossian are never bad, and remembering him with Mr W?” A smile comes over her face. “Oh!”
********************
Especially if you have a lot to think about yourself, John thinks without saying anything out loud.
The memes were a photoshop of him and Sherlock in the bath with Sherlock being the big spoon. At the time it had made him angry, but it also made his dreams very vivid!
“Why did I say anything about my behavior?” Sherlock is milking it with the grumbling, giving John time to collect himself.
“No! He didn’t tell me anything about Richard. Now he wants me to move on with the ladies because he ‘has at last realized that he must move on too’?!”
It makes John smile, and the smile gets even bigger when he hears a soft growl come out of the man.
………………………………………………………………………………….
“Really? He talked with you about that?” Amazement in his voice.
That was not the only thing that made this year memorable. It had been a rollercoaster, but in a good way. Or mostly good?
“I want to meet and talk to Sherlock myself before I decide if I can help you two, or if another therapist can help you guys better.”
“A beer, please, Greg. Who’s he?” He nods at Sherlock and the other man.
The words on the card had stunned him into silence, and he only handed it to Sherlock to read.
“I don’t know? There’s information about it in the diary but I don’t remember just now.”
Trying to get back to here and now, he looks around and sees a menu on the table.
Yes, to all of your suggestions.
Sorry, I have a bit of a crush for Richard!
It’s Thursday night, little more than six months after the trip to Buckie. Sherlock is lying on his back in his bed at Baker Street.
He’d gone to the bedroom door that was open and looked inside.
Standing there after blowing his nose John hears the other man’s voice from the bed.
“Yes, of course. I think you’ve a great deal much to tell me about your great grandfather: what did Monty tell you?”
He left him there and went out in the kitchen and made tea and sandwiches. After a long time, John had walked out to the living room and sat down in an armchair.
John takes the mug with his tea from the kitchen table and goes and sits down in the red armchair. Sherlock has his laptop and John’s birth certificate in front of him.
He returns with the tray and John calmly tells him, as if he hadn’t left the room, “I know, Greg only wanted to make sure that I got you out of the bed and ready to leave Baker Street at one o’clock.”
In the beginning John had thought he would never make it through; guilt was eating him up after every meeting with Peter. It had become even more challenging when he started working on his relationship with Sherlock.
It becomes very silent in the compartment. After a long time Sherlock says, “Peter suggested today that we should take the opportunity to talk in the dark. I told him we would be sharing a family room. He said it would be easier for us to talk when we didn’t see each other’s faces and body language. Is that something you would want to try?”
“Your safe words are; Go on: Honey; Slowly go forward: Redbeard;  and the safe word I hope you’ll never need, Stop!: Norbury”
Thank you upswell-cumbercookie for beta reading this chapter.
Sherlock turned his head and looked at him with a hazy look.
“Yeah, we can’t celebrate in the hallway, can we.” John giggles.
Sherlock turns to him and holds his eyes with a steady look, before he answers.
***************
“You know, see if the sperm quality and such thing. It’s like I have been in a tunnel for the last years. Only after meeting Sherlock have I started to live again without thinking about-
“But when you started to have sexual feelings again it’s Sherlock you’re dreaming about?
“It’s just this situation, waiting for the session to start.”
“You masturbate thinking about me?”
Hi, reader!
It was that thought that made his eyes start to wander to other women. Women, never a man. He knew that the only man he wanted was Sherlock.
“Yes, do that because then she knows you won’t leave her in your pajamas.”
John inhaled a breath and slowly released the air from his lungs.
1982 November 10, Jean Leekey Watson’s funeral.
“Yes, please.”
John’s back muscles are complaining and he realizes that it would be much better if he was sitting above Sherlock’s body.
If you´re intressted in what pants Sherlock was using at the seven week´s of seduction at the boxing club.
This chapter isn’t beta read! Warning!
“That’s a good result for this day’s session. If I summarize what we talked about today and what’s needs to happen next?”
Rosie is still protesting loudly when Sherlock returns.
Rosie is very happy for the new lounge to investigate. Everything has bright colors on the interior of the car.
Rosie has fallen asleep in the car. She doesn’t wake up when John lifts her up before putting her i the stroller. It’s been a tiring couple of days, especially after playing with Hamish all day.
“You mean Sherlock Holmes?”
John didn’t make things easier by starting to behave more casual in his interactions with him. He had started with small touches, like fingers lingering when giving Sherlock a cup of tea.
Again he hears Rosie babbling for herself in her sleep. He smiles at her doing noises in her sleep.
“It’s something that really messed Hamish up to, your mother’s death.
“John has asked me to investigate and help him understand why the homophobia have become such a big thing in the Watson family. After he read Hamish diaries that he wrote all his life. One of they ways for me to investigate is to talk with the people still living and especially to you that was one of his long time partners in life?”
“Feeling safe and cared for?” A light smile appears on John’s lips and he looks deeply into Sherlock’s eyes.
“You’re not alone and you’re not your Father, remember that!
“What are you doing?” Greg mumbles to himself looking at Sherlock with an astonished look.
“Haven’t you heard about Sherlock’s death and resurrection in the paper’s
“Now it’s my turn to say sorry, Sherlock said you lost your husband nearly two years ago? he looks at Richard with sympathy.
But they all saw how angry John became when Sherlock casually told them that he and Richard had gone to a concert the day before.
“Do you want to be a parent together with him?” John’s hands are gripping hard around his cup of tea.
Sherlock starts speaking again with a thoughtful voice.
“When should he have told you? When you were hitting him at different restaurants? Or when you didn’t talk to him? At the wedding preparations with Mary in the room or at the wedding? Oh, you mean on your honeymoon? He could have messaged you or Skyped! Would that have been good?”
Walking the streets and holding hands John felt extra excited, daring to hold Sherlock's hand here, in the middle of the sidewalk where everyone could see that they were a couple. His feelings of happiness and a bit of fear were almost too much.
Sherlock take some time to think about the question. Poring sugars in his coffee.
John nodding at the end of Peter’s speech, realizing that’s his giving a order for him to do.
So many thoughts of what had happened?
“Yeah that could work. Lube!”
Maybe we can have a family room in Buckie? Those rooms usually have changing tables and such thing in the room?”
Sherlock feels like he wants to cry. It hurts now, knowing that.
Seeing how terrified Sherlock was that he wouldn’t give him a chance had broken John’s heart a little bit. That Sherlock still thought that he had to do everything right to earn his love.
John gives Marcus a long look before he follows Sherlock to the sofa and sits down besides him. Sherlock doesn’t releases his hand. Instead he’s intertwine his hand with John’s hand. John looks down on their joint hands a bit surprised over how small his hand looks in Sherlocks but how secure and warm his hand feels.
Giles and Sherlock had made afternoon tea in the kitchen, talking about the criminal scene in Scotland. Giles had stopped being an MP after he married Monty. He now worked as a Criminal Inspector at Moray Command Area, a very large area from Elgin to Forres.
John makes eye contact with Sherlock and smiles before responding with a light joke, “Do you want to get our little Bee?”
Go on: London. Slowly go forward: Case. Stop: Cane.”
Sherlock had discussed those questions with his psychologist.  Sherlock still went twice a month to sessions with him.
It makes his body tingle, and it surprises him how tender Sherlock fingers are.
“Yes, for many years that was enough. But it’s lonely and after my experience living with John, I realize that sex isn’t all the things that matters in a relationship.” Nervously he glances towards Peter, as if he’s not willing to really give the other man eye contact.
After some discussion both with Sherlock and John’s psychiatrist, Darin and Peter had helped them put together good building blocks for their relationship.
TW; Talk about a parent’s suicide and feelings of being left.
“Just a moment, John! Just let me put these books down, and I’ll get you the book you ordered.” He goes to the nearest row of bookcases and puts the books on a shelf. He turns around and opens his mouth to say something and-- stares at John, his mouth nearly open.
Peter asked John if he had understood him correctly when John earlier in the therapy had said, his mother hadn’t been really there for her children mentally. That her thoughts and feelings had been occupied by her husband.
“No, the truth is not always--”
John is fighting to breathe. Peter is quietly waiting for John to calm down. When John’s breathing is normal again, Peter asks him a question.
Sherlock is very nervous because he knows he has to talk about the meeting with Marcus.
Anger at himself for not having allowed himself to love and protect this man.
“What? What are you saying?”
Irritation is running high in his veins.
Sherlock finds his lips and kisses him sweetly.
I ‘m a nervous wreck, I have still no beta reader and you know still dyslexic and not English my language.
1967 July Hamish and J. H home on leave. For one year.
“Yes, hungry!”
“Volvo S90, Audi A6I8 and Mercedes E class I6, are the three most safe cars for children to travel in with a car seat. The rental car company didn’t have any Volvo or Audi, so here we are with a Mercedes.”
“Do you want to know what happened in Ireland before he was sent home?
https://images.app.goo.gl/FswEtJUtraB1DVPC9
“Isn’t a problem! This is you and me, how we save each other.”
Then his rugby playing and matches for his university team made his father relent a bit more. After meeting Mike Stamford and seeing his son interact with him, insisting that John move back home.
Sherlock had told him what Darin suggested and the reason behind those suggestions.
*******************************************************
Intimacy between them had grown every day after that. Just sitting at the couch in the evening cuddling, sometimes one of them suggesting a massage or asking for one.
“Yes, he’d never married. Not that many women hadn’t tried to get his interest. His family is a well known Buckie family and if this scandal would be discussed openly again it would hurt many people!”
He’s been living at John’s for a little more than two months. At the flat that had been Mary’s home before she died; that hadn’t been a pleasant experience.
“If Sherlock wants me to find a woman, then I will find a woman! I wonder whether he will follow us home, or if he will get Mycroft to do a security check on her?” He feels laughter bubbling up in him at that thought. 15 minutes later he leaves the toilet.
John is hearing the words nearly in his sleep but somehow the words follow him deep into his heart. I’ve chosen a different way.
“I think maybe he was impressed that you’ve made it possible for me to accept my bisexuality.”
Somewhere in
In a fog John goes over to Greg and Mike.He takes his beer and swallows down more than half the pint in one go.
“Well, he's right with that quote. And you two are only friends. You haven’t been lovers or sexual partners. So why are you so angry?”
John glances over at Sherlock, asking silently if he should tell the man what they were doing here. As an answer Sherlock nods.
Out on the street John turns to Sherlock and asks.
It’s words coming out of his mouth that he said many times before. He has told the police, family members and noise family friends at the time. It's still hurts saying the same words.
“Richard made me understand one thing just now. He made me realize that I have forgiven you from leaving me in my heart the day you showed me the scars on your back. At last you told me about the three snipers. That’s the first time I really understood how much you were willing to sacrifice for me and your other friends. Now it’s my turn to give you reasons to forgive me in your heart for what I done to you.”
“Thank you, yes. I really need to talk to him today.”
“Why? It’s not your  fault and that’s done anything wrong? He stares at the other man.
“Will Richard be alright with me tagging along on this trip?”
Sherlock had smiled his most glorious smile that John only seen directed at him a few times.
Blushing furiously he follows up the question with, “Does that mean you don’t like having sex?”
He asked, stupidly, if his mother never accepted him as a child?
…………………………………………………………………………..
“You’re a grown man. You know from before that going to therapy isn’t a walk in the park, if you’re doing the work properly. John has gone for many years now without anyone pushing him or trying to make him realize things about himself. I know you’ve done research about me and my colleague before coming for therapy. We don’t mollycoddle our clients. Our clients have been hurt dramatically with trauma on a mission or suffered torture.”
“It’s a terrifying thought. I don’t know if John and I could do that.
Warning, this chapter is nsfw.
“Did you meet Sherlock yesterday? The psychiatrist do a notation and doesn’t look at John.
A startled moan is forced out when Sherlock pulls on his wounded shoulder, but it feels so good.
Standing there looking at the man, Sherlock hadn´t been able to not ask a question the man had evoked in him. Maybe it would make it easier to talk about some of the things that this psychiatrist should help him figure out.
But also living a more happy and contented life when those differences and pieces of the puzzle fall in the right place.
************
He longed for hugs and kisses--and many more activities between them.
“The gypsy one?”
John soon understood that Sherlock could be still on the couch for hours if John played with his hair. Forgetting everything to do with experiments in the flat downstairs.
“After that meeting at Battersea I realized that we would never be a couple.The only relationship with sex we could ever have would be at best a *friends with benefits* way. We’d be the only ones who knew.”
“The poor man,” Monty sighs, “he must have been so crushed and devastated.” John fills in and supports his cousin's words. “Losing his lover of probably many years. They were childhood friends, always in each other’s company. Did Hamish marry so young for the same reason as my Father? As a protection for speculation over what sorts of relationship he and Ossian had?
“Your hand!” Looking straight into Sherlock’s eyes and seeing that particular sweet smile that John has seen very few times in their time together.
He’s been living at John’s for a little more than two months. At the flat that had been Mary’s home before she died; that hadn’t been a pleasant experience.
“You have already helped me by letting me babysitting Rosie. Now I know that I want to be a dad. How, and if a another man as my partner is a later issue.”
Sherlock immediately does as he says.
“No, John Hamish Watson, born in London, the 23th of April 1971.”
Stop: Norbury (Hopefully we will never use that word.)
The boxing on Tuesdays had been good for both him and John. In many ways they're both more fit now than when they were in their 30’s!
Darin had suggested that they make some rules together that they thought they could live with and make to work.
What he saw took his breath away.
“No problem, we can’t board the train, yet.” He looks down on Rosie in the stroller. “Oh, she’s sleeping?”
John stands in front of the bathroom mirror after washing his hands.
The next morning Sherlock wakes up to Rosie squealing in the bathroom. She’s obviously in the tub getting a bath. John’s voice is calm and warm, talking calmly with his daughter.
Rosie is nearly asleep on the changing table. “Little Watson, you’ll be sleeping so much better in your cot. Come now, let’s move there, instead of sleeping here.” He gives her a kiss on her head and turns to John, gives him a smile over Rosie’s head.
“How do you mean? What didn’t you expect?”
“What is it people say--been there, done that? No, I can’t do that a third time in my life.”
“Dinners is ready, Rosie has already eaten.”
Sherlock decided that it would be more romantic eating at the living room table than in the kitchen. He googled *romantic dinner settings for two male partners.*
Thoughts about Sherlock’s hands and body that had been so vivid in his dream. “For fuck sake, he didn’t know how Sherlock private parts looks like! He hasn’t thought about Sherlock’s cock looks like-“
The next flatmate was a friend of Mike’s but not a rugby player. Mike and Arnold knew each other from childhood and Mike’s friend was-- dull.
“When did you eat last?”
“If she doesn’t settle down after I leave, let me know and I’ll come back. It must be the new environment and new noises that’s upsetting her.”
17 October 1925. Hamish Watson doesn’t come to work and is reported missing from 30 October 1925.
“Thank you, John. I don’t know how to talk about the things I felt when we meet Marcus. It’s upsetting hearing about the abuse and sorrow that happened to you under those years. Then seeing you so hurt. Struggling to talk about what you went through but at the same time-“ abruptly he stops talking, opening his eyes and looking into John’s eyes, with a question in his eyes that he couldn’t bring himself to ask.
The little house is cozy, furnish with blue, white and yellow colors.
“Okay. I’ll talk to Peter on Tuesday when I have my next session.”
“Yes, of course, that’s why we’re  here, Nate.”
“No one talked about it, at least not with Harry and me.”
This chapter is written with the thought of how much time and energy both men have into therapy. It’s been an intensive six months with therapy sessions  where they’ve worked hard, both on their own and together. Boxing sessions also made it possible for Sherlock to show his sexual personality in a safe place.
Silently Sherlock holds him and lets his hands calmly caress John’s back and neck. John leans into the embrace and closes his eyes. A very new feeling of complete calmness and safety settles between them. It’s a moment of calm in the eye of the storm.
He turns off the light and turns towards John.“What made you so upset today?” It’s a courageous question to ask in that moment of such nervousness.
Talking about his own sexuality and sex life was hard. Hearing Sherlock talk about his love affairs with Scott or Sebastian, that was something he could almost not do.
***************************************************************
Then he straightened his shoulders and stood as if to attention.
They shake hands and Sherlock leaves the office.
Those lips and that kiss is the last push Sherlock needs for coming.
John’s breath hitches, because never had he thought those hands on his thighs could feel so good. Then Sherlock takes John’s dick in hand and lubes it and the skin on his stomach.
*********************
Hamish Montgomery Watson as you know him is now dead. Only my body will remain in this place of Hell that earth is without my Heart.
“That must have been very hard, having him there at the wedding.”
Thank you to mazzO6tea6 and srebrnafh for discussing the plot for this chapter and helping with words and phrases in English.
“Sherlock must have been so much support for you at that meeting?”
Do you remember him?
“I’ve lost contact with two of my brothers, my sister lives not far from us and we see each other every day. Like today she’s babysitting our son Hamish.”
“No, not now that we really are.” Now it’s John’s turn to pull him back for a new round of kisses.
“Welcome to St Gregory’s Church, gentlemen. How can I help you?”
https://faveable.com/best-underwear-brands-for-men
Sherlock and John meets Marcus and new information about John’s mother’s suicide is told by him.
“Are you alright, John?
He comes and stands between John and Peter. He opens the dressing-gown and lets it fall to his feet on the floor.
The four men wait patiently for him to start talking again.
Nervously, Sherlock takes John's nearest hand in his. “I asked Darin how long we have to wait before we do anything about these feelings of attraction.” With a bit of delay he adds, “and love.” He glances shyly at John.
Neither of the men know how to start talking.
Later that night in John’s bedroom.
When Sherlock comes nearer the man takes his hand and shakes it, he sees that Marcus eye color is in a light brown color.
“You were jealous of Richard tonight?”
I’m writing a second fic that will start where this fic ends.
“You think I’m weak man?!” In a flash John is in front of Monty smiling his murderous smile. “You think I can’t restrain myself?”
“You think we’re both ready for the next step in our relationship?”
“Yes.”
That response had made Sherlock go totally still and silent, a hurt expression on his face.
Now John’s face is like steal but he is still holds Sherlock’s hand in his.
John, Sherlock and Peter are sitting in Peter’s office, and they are all silent because Peter isn’t saying anything. He waits for one of the two to break the silence. John is fiddling with a pencil and paper that he has in his hands for some reason.
He starts over and starts struggling to get the words out.
“Give her to me. Maybe she’ll quiet down if she’s not feeling that her dad is upset.” He reaches for her.
“I think that’s the reason for your anger and lashing out on Sherlock, even your jealousy. You love him so much, you’re terrified to lose him again. Reptile instinct kicked in at the restaurant and at the mortuary. Sherlock told Giles yesterday why you started to go to Peter—you wanted to get your anger under control and not hurt him or Rosie again.” John hastily stands up and starts walking around in the room, looking anywhere but at Monty. He feels so ashamed over himself, but angry at the same time, and nearly shouts, “I have never hit or spanked Rosie!”
“Oh, I don’t know how that will go down with Rosie. She’s starting to be rather a daddy’s girl this latest week’s.”
It was also clear that John was struggling with their agreement to concentrate on a platonic relationship and friendship.
John is still staring at the man.
“Do you have time for a coffee and a quick discussion how we do with the trip?” John is a bit nervous when he ask this question but it’s over a hour before he must get Rosie from the daycare.
“Now I think the books and meeting my father’s last lover made a big difference. His telephone number was at the last page in the last diary. He agreed to meet me for a drink last Saturday. He’s a lovely, kind old man.”
He offers one of the wine glasses.
So why are their thoughts of him even a little bit important?
You will think of it however you want, I don’t care.
“Yes, we can eat dinner here, it’s easier if Rosie gets tired after.”
“You can apply recruitment from the day you’re 17 years and nine months. That means he knew he would be a father when he applied for the military?”
“If that was the case you wouldn’t be in my bed. I don’t swing that way. The only thing I want in my bed is you, a delicious man, a soldier.”
******************************************************
“Mum killed herself with sleeping tablets the night between second to third of November 1982. Father was out with friends at a poker night and didn’t come home before after midnight. He slept on the couch in the living room. Both I and my granny so him that night. Granny did see him when she went to the toilet a couple of times between one and seven in the night. I so him in the morning sometime between five and six when I needed water to drink.”
Now I also understand that the safe words aren’t only for my benefit, you need them also. I´m so sorry that it wasn´t clear for me before how important safe sex is for you. Thank you for making that clear.
*****************
Because of Sherlock’s reaction Peter decides to push on.
Yes, she had changed his clothes and bedclothes and given him medicine, but her voice had made it clear she wasn’t happy with him. That he should be a good boy and sleep the sickness off, and stop bothering his parents!
Do you think that the past family history can influence your life or a family members life?
It was good that John had done almost all the packing before they left the hotel room that morning. It made it easier to pack the car and pay the hotel bill before starting the journey back to London.
*******************
“Monty told me about how much work Giles and he have done by going together to therapy. He urged me to get help from our psychiatrist and really do the wor- -,” John nearly bites of the last word and doesn’t say it correctly. Missing the last letter.
Sometimes it led to something more, but often enough only to John’s shoulder not hurting, or Sherlock getting help with applying soothing emollient cream on his back.
^Love dancing^ still having dancing shoes on from last night.
“I think that’s a good time for us to break this season. Think about it and we talk again at our solo session next Tuesday.”
“What did you two speak about? Sherlock asks again looking at John with searching eyes.
John has a very hard time concentrating on both Sherlock’s words and what his hands are doing on his body.
“How’ll I survive if he and Sherlock decides to start a family together?” Suddenly his eyes is full of tears. Before he knows it he’s struggling with not bawling his eyes out.
“That was after you forgave her and moved back home after Christmas? After you had lived with Sherlock again?”
“A fight without any of the involved in the fight making any accusations of the other part would probably be seen as a drunken growl, if they had been drinking?
“I’m so damn close, love!” He huffs out.
Thursday, at John’s therapy session Peter tells him that he will take on their pair therapy. He thinks it would work if John goes to his own therapy session on Tuesdays and a pair session on Wednesdays. Sherlock will go to the pair session on Wednesday, and his own session on Thursday.
Sherlock only hums a response, making it clear that he’s listening and understanding.
They talked over what they had talked about with Giles and Monty.
Sherlock hurries to wash down his body in the shower. A quick toweling down before he takes a flannel and wets it for John.
“Much to do at work?
Hamish had lived a righteous life with his two wives and five children.
“I thought you meant the case!”
Instead of her brother’s lighter hair, Moira was dark-haired. She had three children at home, one petulant teenaged son and two girls who looked around seven years old. Maybe twins?
“We talk tonight after Rosie is in bed, around seven?”
It’s a balancing act to push Sherlock enough to keep him talking, but at the same time not too much.
Now nearly eight months after that experience he was grateful for Sherlock's compassion, for finding a way to get him out of his closed-mindedness.
“Read for yourself.”
John lets out a big sigh.
Still John is standing in front of him, looking unseeing at their combined hands. The seconds go by slowly, but Sherlock thinks his sweetheart? Darling? - Soon to be lover? needs the time to decide what he wants to do. It’s the first time John would be making love with a man with a light on. It wouldn’t be a fumble without real feelings, in the dark after a night with much to drink.
“Go ahead, but--Redbeard.”
Sherlock looks up and smiles.
“Hopefully not only in bed, John!” That startles John to laugh.
“My sister Harry found our father’s diary when she was cleaning our our father's belongings. She read them first and she thought it was important for me to read them too. He wrote about things that really surprised us. My sister is gay, and came out very young. My father didn’t take it well. He threw her out of the house. In the diary he wrote about his life being in the closet.
His voice had been hoarse and sad.
A big sigh escapes from Sherlock, it’s obvious it’s a question he's afraid to answer.
“Don’t you know I always find you sexy?”
“You would never hurt me.” John is so sure about this by now. Every time they have been together Sherlock has stopped whenever John has shown even a little discomfort.
“Go on!
To Sherlock, happiness and surprised laughter are his first spontaneous reaction.
“I’ll drink to that! Please, don’t leave me ever again, in my lifetime.” John sounds so grave and sombre saying the last words.
“My daughter, Rosie. She’s Sherlock’s goddaughter.”
It’s not the end of this story, though.
“I think it’s something that’s a bit too scandalous for the church to talk openly about even today.”
“Yes, he told me that you two saved the parliament. Mentally you have forgiven him, but what about your heart?
Again irritation flares through John. Why is Peter so amused?
Sherlock hums an answer and keeps his hands moving softly.
“What’s stopping you from making a real commitment to Richard?”
They clink their glasses again like an agreement.
“No! No Johnny for me, I’ll always been Monty when in a situation with too many people called John!”
Peter wonders if his doing that because his afraid to letting John know how upset he really is?
“Yes. Shall I take our bags, and you can carry Rosie? It worked well when we entered the train, didn’t it?”
Christmas had been very nice, with Molly and Ian coming early in the afternoon for dinner and celebration. For the first time Sherlock could relax in Molly´s company, seeing how good her relationship with Ian was.
Sherlock smiles and nods. “It worked alright yesterday night, do you want to use the bathroom first?”
With a blush Sherlock answers him.
“It’s preferable, if you want a window table.”
John had started experimenting with toys in the periods when Sherlock wasn’t interested in sex. They’d also started experimenting with toys together.
His voice is so sad, but there’s determination in it when he says,“I love you, but I don’t think a relationship between us would work in the long run. I will fight for our friendship and for it to be healthy. Would you agree to go to Peter together with me?”
After some time he explains with a low voice, “I don’t see the whole person in those photos. It can be a part of some especially muscular legs or military clothing that really emphasizes the shoulders of the soldier wearing the clothes. That doesn’t mean that I’d want to have sex with that man in the photo if he was standing in front of me. It’s a fantasy, and I’m safe to tell a story for myself. Many of those stories started when I was a teenager. It’s a story of a good and kind soldier who’s protective, does this make any sense to you?”
Yours forever, Sherlock
“Shhh! Don’t wake up Sherlock!”
Food preparation done, it was time to start making a table setting as romantic as possible.
The woman is a bit flustered now and realizes that she hasn’t told them her own name.
You wouldn’t have left Mary and a normal life, to be in a openly gay relationship. Not even with me.” Sherlock’s voice is so sad.
“You was born at St. Pancras Hospital the 23rd of April 1971, and your family lived at 24 Penryn Street?”
At their table was the bouquet with red roses, just as Sherlock had ordered. On one of the plates lay a rose.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Comes a surprise yelps from John.
When John saw how emotional and afraid Sherlock had become, the only thing he could do at that moment was to hug him close and whisper, “We’ll mess things up sometimes. I love you, and next time it will be me doing something stupid.”
“Well, you should see our home, Sherlock insist that dust is elegant!
“As to your question, no we aren’t in a love relationship. My boyfriend is home in London and John is a widower.” Again he smiles his fake smile.
Sherlock stops playing and leans back into John’s body.
“That was one of the reason I broke up our relationship. When he couldn’t start a open relationship with me. Living together and proudly say we love each other.
After some time of kisses and warm caresses, Sherlock had slowly leaned back and looked into his eyes, telling him with a serious look on his face.
Little things like cuddling and using safe words were a big reason for that to happen.
****************************************************
John breath out with a flush and can’t stop his hips moving.
Ossian didn’t speak ill about anyone, he didn’t treat anyone badly. He always, always said, Let him who is without sin cast the first stone!
John doesn’t know what to do or say. He blushes and takes up Sherlock’s plate and starts putting meat and potatoes salad on it instead.
………………………………………………………………….
This chapter is the story of how they manage to blend together as a couple in their first year. Life is seldom a storybook story.
Suddenly he hears Sherlock talking through the door.
Giles had then told the priest he could do whatever he wanted with the letter because of its content. The letter could influence what other people would think about Father Chaney.
Monty and John start to walk side by side in silence again.
John takes a few steps closer and reaches out his hand to greet the man, “Hallo, my name is John Watson. I think we may be from the same family.”
“Yes. I will call Marcus and arrange a meeting as soon as possible.”
He takes the hand he’s holding between them and gives it a kiss.
The smile remains on Sherlock’s lips when he responds to Peter’s question.
“Father did ask me to give you coffee and something to eat,” says a light voice from the door.
“Self hate? Religion? Family? I can’t answer that. Sometimes he could get so upset, over Harriet especially. He told me after some years together what he did to you one time, John. I couldn’t understand that and we argued about it.”
“I didn’t hate you, but I was so afraid of myself and my feelings.
“Forgive her? I don’t think that was possible. I was to angry at Sherlock and her and god knows over how my life was.”
“To be honest, I don’t know. There and then I thought it would be the only time that it could happen. At the same time it scared the hell out of me, realizing you would run as far away as you could afterwards.”
Then he makes eye contact with Peter and starts talking quickly.
“Hmmmm!” The grumpy man in the bed goes silent as both John and Rosie laugh at him.
“What have you found?” Giles asks curiously. All three men go to the table, looking at the book in Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock thought he would throw up in the man’s mouth! The grip that was holding his arms burned his skin on the arms.
“Yes, Hamish and Dolly are with him.”
“You have realized it getting harder and harder for me too not drinking?”
“It seems the only thing I needed was to see Sherlock caressing Richard’s body with his big hands.”
“No, but you saw through me and didn’t want a fling or be a secret lover. I think you saved us and our relationship that night.”
The living room had a big L shaped sofa with a big white sofa table in front of it.
After a moment’s thought, he starts talking. “Yeah, I know about that erogenous zone. Some people are very sensitive in that area. So, it’s alright if I massage that scar on your left buttock?”
The second year Mike and John and another guy, James Allen, also from the rugby team, rented a run-down four room flat. The owner didn’t have any money to renovate the flat, and leased it out as it was. The lease was only for one year in the beginning, but it ended up being for all the time they studied at Bart’s.
“We have many rooms now with the new flat, and have you ever made love in a meadow in the summer?”
He can only answer with a quick node of his head, exhaling raggedly.
“Good. Then I’ll tell Sherlock the result of my discussion with you today.I think it’s best if you two don’t see or talk to each other before our first pair session. What do you think about that?”
After the visit to Oliver’s pancake house they all take a cab to Baker Street.
“I’m a photographer, specialising in wartime photos.”
Father Holstii tries not to see what’s happening in front of him; he turns and goes to open the door to the next room. After a moment he returns with books and papers. He lays them down on the table in front of the window.
Dear John,
“If it’s not too problematic for you?” John looks at Richard.
A little smile appears on John’s face. Sherlock knows that Rosie loves Oliver’s pancakes with strawberry jam.
He thinks to himself, it’s like looking into the mirror this morning. The difference is that this man is clean shaven and probably a little bit shorter than him. He finds his voice and asks, “Hi! Who are you?”
“Yes, and pick up his husband from the bus from Fort William at the same time.” The man looks at his watch, “They should be here soon.”
Go on: Honey (You know how much I like honey.)
He’d met Sherlock’s eyes because suddenly John realized that this was important, even necessary, for Sherlock to be able to be sexual. The feeling of being safe was a part of Sherlock’s sexuality.
After Sherlock has played for a little while, John opens the note.
“She could come with us? I would love to have some time with her.”
He can’t love you but you were a convenient shield against being prosecuted by the law at that time and now you’re the mother of his children.
A surprise look comes over Sherlock’s face.
Suddenly the man let go of him, turned and listened for any sounds from the other side of the door.
Softly he caresses John’s pulled up leg and then his arm.
But he had chosen between plague and cholera, had chosen Mary’s flat over living at Mycroft’s house.
At first, he thought of arguing but Sherlock had already started to change.
“John!” Peter’s voice is a warning. “Sherlock and Richard’s relationship isn’t up for discussion here. They do whatever they want, as they’re two grown men.”
He doesn’t turn and look at John, but keeps on playing.
Deciding to ask what his client thinks about that right now can maybe give him a answer to that question:
“I won’t say it doesn’t hurt to think about what happened but Eric was a blessing in my life.”
Playing with the other hand on his nipple. His nude body looked marvelous.
Still not meeting the other man’s eyes Sherlock softly answers, “You can understand that it isn’t something I do every time I masturbate. It can be a long time between that happening, but sometimes when the inclination is right, very--” Frustration is obvious in Sherlock’s voice. It’s so damn hard to speak about his sex life.
“He drank before that every Saturday!”
Then he feels a feeling he hasn’t felt for a long time when he’s awake.
It takes some time to clean and rinse John’s whole body.
“Again I was in a situation where I could be thrown away by you if you found the right woman. I realized you would never be open in any situation about being bisexual.”
“What do you mean?! I am his friend.”
“He can meet you after normal working hours at half past six.”
John had tried; explaining his feelings over the last days had been hard.
“Thought you would say that.” John sighs, shaking his head, he then says.
It was a big relief when he left the flat eight days later.
“I know what you mean. Mary had a boyfriend who even took part in our wedding ceremony, as an usher.”
John stops walking and with surprise in his voice says. “Monty Watson! You were at my company at the time I was sent on a mission in the mountains, rescuing a group that’d been attacked. It was a complicated rescue so we were not back until eleven days later. When at last we came back you’d already gone. Everyone at my company was teasing me about my twin!”
“Well, you don’t need to decide just right now?”
“Yes, my name is John Watson, but not from Buckie -- from London. My great grandfather Hamish Montgomery Watson came from Buckie. Maybe your John Watson is a relative of mine?”
Please, give Silver Girl a kudos/Rose at Tumblr or Discord.
“Sorry if this question drags up old hurt feelings, if it’s to hard for you to answer please say stop.” Sherlock looks at Marcus with a concern look.
“I was thinking about my feelings of jealousy, they surprise me sometimes. In some relationships it’s not really a problem, like with Mary and her history with David. I never felt any jealousy when I met him or saw him with Mary.” He quiets down and searches for Sherlock’s reaction.
“It’s alright because I can’t give him all of my heart either?”
They walk up to the library that is situated in an old brown building with a ramp leading up to a bright red door.
“Still nothing to do with me!? What about this then, the reporter asks if *Dr Watson was a former lover*?!”
12 March 1927. Montgomery John Hamish was born at St Pancras, London.
“I didn’t grieve her. My behavior was coming from a place of fear, internalized homophobia and--” breathing and composing himself for a moment. The last word comes like a pistol shot.
**************************
“Your dad said after we got together that he really mourned your mum. He didn’t understand how you and Harry could stand the loss of your mother. The guilt ate at him, every day as long as I knew him.”
“Yes, if it had been a heterosexual love affair I would say it was a great love story!” The priest says looking at Sherlock.
They had worked the rest of the tour as Commanding Officer and his Chief Officer Doctor. Very much holding on to their roles in the army.
1983 February/ March  Hamish realizes that Marcus is gay and open about being gay.
“You’ll change your mind tomorrow morning, come on. Lie on your back for just a moment, John. “
“Janine Hawkins–”  a sigh slips out. “She lived with me after John’s wedding because I was trying to seduce her for a case.”
“Father met him after my mother’s suicide. In a grieving group that the church had. Marcus was grieving for his son. He also married young so the neighbours wouldn’t be suspicious of him. Yes, the law against homosexuality made him do it. But Marcus divorced his wife in 1971.”
“Sherlock, the truth is always better in the end. Hang in there!”
John looks around in the pub but nobody even looks at the two men kissing. Why doesn’t anyone react?
“I was angry and frustrated that he said he loves me but chooses to be with Richard, at the same time he said he doesn’t love Richard but likes him.”
Sherlock is tripping over himself on his way into Peter’s office.
“What do you think about talking with Richard again? I mean you’ve already done it and he’s still with you?”
“He already knows how important you are to me.”
Sherlock has a funny feeling that the man knows the reason for Hamish Montgomery Watson’s departure from his work.
This chapter should have been so much worse without the hard work of beta reading by Silver Girl.
With sorrow’s in his eyes John smiles a little sad smile and say.
John looks around in the room and see a table not far away behind a trellis.
“Why--” Greg tries to interrupt.
“Yes, he's right.”
At first John couldn’t understand why he reacted so negatively to the purchasing of the flat.
“You have all the right in the world to come out of the closet. You NEVER have the right to out someone else who  isn’t out of the closet.”
What have you done?
“Yes, I talked with John on the phone only a hour ago. A book that he wants to see has at last come from Edinburgh.”
“Oh, sorry! They hear the voice of Marcus behind them.
“I don’t know how many times I asked him to move in with me. Especially after Harry and John left home and his Father and his in laws had died. The only answer I got was a cold NO!
At last Peter end with talking about what’s to come in their life.
Sherlock struggles for air a bit before getting out, “Do you want me to massage your shoulder now?”
“Don’t you want to go back to your date with Richard?”
Then it registers what Sherlock said before about taking care of himself.
He puts down his cup of cold tea on the table beside him and puts his head in his hands. Yes, James was the man he had loved and hoped for- something more with, before meeting Sherlock.
