The nurse jumps, startled. “Oh! Of course, Mr. Stark.” She bustles around to the end of the bed where a table sits with a pitcher of water and a glass. She pours him one and puts a purple straw in it, bringing it around to the side of his bed. He reaches up to hold it but his hands are shaking with weakness and the nurse has to help him keep it steady.
Steve glances at it curiously and Tony grins. “JARVIS, say hello to Captain Steve Rogers. Steve, JARVIS.”
, and Tony’s legs nearly give out. He stumbles, back thumping heavily against the wall, and he slides down, face in his hands and legs drawn up to his chest.
He and Natasha are ready for anything, staked out just a block away, but nothing happens at the conference. Everything goes smoothly, no terrorist attacks, no bombings. The UN agrees to take the amendments to the Accords into consideration, the conference is over, and Tony Stark leaves straight from meeting, climbing up into his private Stark Industries jet and flying off back to New York.
It had actually started off pretty promising, Steve going into the warehouse alone to confront Barnes (not Tony’s favorite part of the plan, but Steve had been adamant that Barnes would listen to him, and that he’d run if he felt threatened, and a god, a flying suit of armor, two assassins, and a Hulk were probably a pretty threatening sight, so he’d agreed on the condition that Steve leave his comm on at all times while they patrolled outside the building, ready to go at the first sign of trouble). Barnes hadn’t even run. He’d seemed less than welcoming, sure, but he’d been willing to listen, at least, and they had even seemed to be making some progress when all hell broke loose.
He runs his fingers gently through the dirty strands and Tony gives in to his weakness. He scoots up the bed and buries his face in Rhodey’s side and he can’t hold back any more, little sobs shaking out from his chest, constricting his throat. Rhodey abandons his hair to wrap both arms around Tony’s body, holding him, rocking the tiniest bit.
He’s drinking again, more than he used to even, and he can’t seem to stop, doesn’t want to stop. He doesn’t know how he got here, how it turned into this, but it’s just another chapter in the fucking legend that is Tony Stark, having something good and fucking it up completely.
“You’re still so innocent, Steve, how is that even possible?” Tony asks. He snorts with amusement, and Steve is smiling at him and it’s been so long since he’s been happy, really happy, and it’s got to mean something that it’s Steve who finally makes him feel this way again, so light-hearted.
Steve snorts. “I think you actually are,” he responds, amused despite himself, and Tony kicks him again. Steve catches his foot in his hands and unties his shoelaces before removing the shoe and sock completely. He moves on to the other foot, glancing up at Tony as he does. He’s still watching from under heavily-lidded eyes and Steve feels a flare of heat deep in his belly.
Tony gently cleans his hands and wraps them in gauze, though Steve knows it's a waste of time and effort; they really will heal in a couple of hours, tops. Sometimes Steve hates it, how fast he heals, because he wants to feel the pain in his hands and his muscles, anything to keep him in the here and now, to keep his thoughts from drifting to the war and ice and losing everyone he's ever cared about.
“Really? We’re going to play this game?” Steve just raises his eyebrows and Tony barks out a laugh. “Alright, fine. Hello, I’m Tony Stark, Iron Man. I’m sure you’ve heard about me, read about me, seen me on TV, whatever.”  Steve flushes. Of course he’d recognize Tony even if he was a civilian. Stupid.
He’s patting his face dry with the hotel’s soft cotton towel when he looks up into the mirror and sees Tony standing in the doorway. The light must have woken him up. He’s leaning one shoulder against the frame, arm wrapped low around his stomach, other hand tapping absently on the center of his chest. Steve recognizes the nervous tic as something Tony does when he feels particularly vulnerable, a remnant of the days when he still had the arc reactor.
He doesn't know when he started letting his emotions get the better of him like this. Actually, he's lying to himself; he does. The minute Tony Stark stepped onto the helicarrier deck and started mouthing off, looking so much like Howard and yet so different, something intangible setting him apart. Maybe his mother's influence, or maybe the product of a childhood filled with robots and butlers and a ghost of a father.
“Hey Sharon,” he greets her, hoping he sounds friendly enough. Things between them haven't been strained, exactly, since Germany, but they haven’t been as genial lately either, which Steve blames himself for. He probably shouldn’t have kissed her in the heat of the moment, dealing with the fallout with Tony and his grief over Peggy’s death. Not exactly the best time to start something up with a co-worker.
Steve's face crumples and he shakes his head. "Tony-- you almost died." His voice breaks on the last word and he starts to turn away but Tony reaches out and grabs his hand, pulling him to the hospital bed.
Tony’s eyes are twinkling and Steve can’t stop himself from leaning forward to press a small kiss to his lips. Tony’s eyes widen slightly before they close in contentment, and he murmurs against Steve’s lips, “Scandalous, Captain.”
Yinsen hums again, this time looking up at Tony through his glasses. “I believe that what’s coming will come. I have faith in my God and in his justice.” Tony wants to snort, but this whole kidnapping thing may have changed the way he looks at his life, he’s not sure yet but it’s possible. He still might not believe in God or anything like that, but he’s got this vague concept of karma in the back of his mind, that he’s getting what he deserves for what he’s done all his life, even if it was in ignorance. Someone has to be held accountable for it, all the horrors and deaths and wars. He’s under no delusions that he’s a good man, he knows he’s much closer to the opposite, and this might be his punishment. His karma.
Tony hums encouragingly as Steve makes his way down his body, pressing a soft kiss to the center of the arc reactor that leaves Tony’s throat strangely tight. He works his way south, mouth roving over the flat plane of Tony’s stomach, the dip of his belly button, and then skips over his cock to press wet lips to the tops of Tony’s thighs. There’s a slick finger nudging at his hole and he doesn’t even have time to react before Steve is swallowing him down completely and breaching him at the same time.
Tony squints at the screen. Rogers has a raggedy black duffel hanging from one shoulder and a very conspicuous shield-shaped bag slung over his back. He’s wearing worn out jeans and a tight-fitting (always with the tight-fitting) long sleeved shirt that have both seen better days.
Tony keeps an eye on Peter pretty much right after Steve tells him about Peter, but doesn't engage until the spider-bite.
Not the kind of alive he was back in 2012, and definitely not how he was in 2023, seconds before he died. No, this Tony is young, he isn’t carrying the burden of the world on his shoulders anymore. He looks more relaxed, his eyes having a twinkle he very seldom saw in him, in all the years they had known each other. This Tony looked happy, in the truest meaning of the world.
“Corporate files are boring, that’s what Pepper is for!” Tony says. “I was just looking through some fan mail I got. This kid drew a really nice picture of us and wrote a really nice letter. He seems to be a bit of a genius.”
, Pepper) has him quarantined with a large stack of files he must read and sign. Tony looks up gratefully, smiles at him with such intensity that Steve almost blinded by it. He is holding cheap card paper in his hands, the artistic splashes of colour visible from where Steve is standing. He walks over to Tony, leaning down to press a chaste kiss on his lips. Tony expects it too, because he tilts his head up in anticipation. It blows Steve’s mind sometimes, how well they know each other, how well they work together.
They’re walking, side by side, listening to the sounds of a New York City evening, people shouting and laughing from rooftops parties and inside bars. Tony peeks over at Steve occasionally, and even catches him looking once or twice, but Steve just smiles back at him before looking ahead again. Tony doesn’t know if he’s reading this right, he’s a little out of practice (with women; with a man it’s been
“Not my fault, fucking Doombots crawling all over the roof. Put me down here!” he shouts as they pass over a crumbling three story building. Tony obliging swoops low and drops the archer onto the roof, and Clint rolls into a crouch, bow already up and arrow nocked.
He’d tried on different names in front of the mirror, James and Mark and Gabe and Arnold, but nothing seemed to fit. Besides, Natasha’s always said that sometimes it’s easier to hide in plain sight, and Steve is a common name for men his age. It’s also better for him because he’s not too good at remembering to answer to other names, and it’s gotten him in trouble before.
Tony growls, eyes flashing. “If you say you’re sorry right now, I may throw you out of this airplane.”
Steve sighs again, giving in, running his hands through his hair. “Alright,” he says, resigned. “Wanna watch a movie? Like old times?”
He sees Steve jump at the unfamiliar voice that answers from the overhead speakers, winces a bit. It took him a while to get used to it, too. Sometimes when he’s tired, he still expects JARVIS to answer and it takes him a moment to remember that JARVIS is dead, and his voice is with Vision now, and Vision doesn’t particularly like him at all. Poetic, in a way. He always figured if he did have kids they’d like him just as much as he liked his dad, so it’s nothing unexpected, even if it stings every now and then.
He gets a text from Natasha, telling him to stay put, she’s found Clint and they’ve got it handled. Steve hopes so, because he’s not going to feel better until his team is back in one piece, safe and sound.
It’s three days of waiting, of crying and begging and praying (on Rhodey and Steve’s part, because Tony doesn't believe in God if God would kill Happy and put Pepper in the position she’s in now) before the swelling in Pepper’s brain goes down, and the doctors take Rhodey and Tony into a conference room to discuss her condition. They tell him she’s brain dead. That she’s not going to wake up at all, no matter how long they sit here and wait. That her brain was so damaged in the accident that even if she did wake up, she’d be vacant, a vegetable, no brain function at all. That right now she can’t even breathe on her own. She’d have to be fed and watered and bathed and cleaned and taken care of 24/7 for the rest of her life.
A few moments after the man with the cigar leaves, the door opens again. Steve lifts his gaze, squinting slightly against the bright streetlights out front, and sees a figure enter through the lingering cloud of cigar smoke. It’s a moment before he realizes it’s Tony, hat pulled low over his eyes, shoulders hunched, but Steve would recognize that strut anywhere.
“Is he for real right now, Friday? I’m not his fucking maid,” Tony snarls, sweeping the used plate and fork into the sink along with the coffee mug. “He can learn to clean up after his goddamn self. Tell him that for me please, Fry.”
It's tense and silent for the rest of the ride up and when the elevator dings and the doors open, Tony opens his eyes and walks out without speaking.
Steve sighs, kisses Tony’s forehead before pushing him off and reaching over for his phone. He looks at the screen and frowns, glances at Tony and accepts the call.
Rhodey shakes his head, runs his hand over his short-cropped hair. He gives a gusty sigh, breath shaking slightly. “No, she’s still in surgery. They were hit head on, a drunk driver, going the wrong way on the highway. They say—“ Rhodey’s voice gives out with a croak. He tries again. “They say Happy was killed on impact. The car rolled, four times. They pulled Pepper out with the Jaws of Life.” Tony has the back of his hand pressed to his mouth, to stop words or whimpering or possibly vomit, he doesn’t know, but he presses it harder and squeezes his eyes closed and feels Rhodey reach out and grab onto his arm, squeezing hard.
They sit together for a while, Tony drifting along in a haze of painkillers, until Pepper pats his hand and tells him to get some sleep. He wants to argue but he really is tired. His eyelids are heavy and his body aches and he wants to be in his own bed, but he supposes a crappy hospital bed is better than a cave floor. Pepper stands and Rhodey's hand squeezes his shoulder once before it's gone, then Tony has to choke back tears again when Rhodey slides an arm around his shoulders and hugs him gently.
Steve tries to smile and fails, eyes welling up, and Tony loves him for it. He releases Tony and Tony wants to scream
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Tony. You’re being ridiculous,” he says, and Tony can hear the struggle to keep his voice calm.
Tony cuts him off. “Not happening, Cap. I quit for a reason. I’m not going back on that this time. I know you guys are doing fine without me, I talk to Rhodey like once a week, he keeps me in the loop.”
. Anger, and hurt, and love, and desperation, and jealously.” His face twists up into something ugly, then smooths out again. “I’ve been working on it, and I know you have no reason to trust me, ever again, but…”
His Gucci’s clack across the dark hardwood as he makes his way to the register. The barista is a young black man with kind eyes, and as Tony approaches he greets the billionaire with a smile. There’s a hint of recognition in his eyes, but he doesn’t ask for an autograph or go all googly-eyed, just asks Tony what he can get for him.
His eyes have fallen shut but he can still see the strobing lights through his lids, can still feel the music pulsating through his body, their bodies. The kiss goes on for a long time, both men learning each other in ways they never thought possible. Hands explore chests and backs damp with sweat, bodies pressed so closely together Steve doesn’t know where he ends and Tony begins. Tony loses the hat at some point but neither of them cares. Tony’s kissing his ear, his chin, the v of his neck, and Steve throws his head back, eyes still shut tight, reveling in the feel of it. His arms have wound so tightly around Tony’s body he’s slightly worried he may be making it difficult for the other man to breathe, but Tony’s not complaining so he doesn’t let go. He never wants to let go.
Steve doesn’t dance. He attempted to learn how to dance a few years ago, when he was first out of the ice, learned the steps to some of the old dances from his day, and a couple of the more modern ones that he missed while he was frozen. But what passes for dancing today is completely beyond his comprehension. It’s less dancing and more grinding, thrusting, almost sex with clothes on in public places.
He gives himself two minutes, then splashes some cold water on his foreign face and makes his way back to his barstool. Tony smiles at him, intensity gone from his eyes, leaving behind a man who looks beaten down by the world but who refuses to give in, if only to spite everyone else.
“I have the Times, if you want it,” Cargo Guy calls from across the room. He’s picking up a newspaper that Tony hadn’t noticed lying on the table in front of him, holding it out to Tony with a questioning tilt to his head.
“Can I ask you a serious question?” Steve blurts out before he can stop himself. Tony’s eyes shutter a little bit and Steve wants to kick himself, but it’s too late now.
“We’ll work on it,” Steve responds firmly. “Together.” Steve reaches down to hold Tony’s hands in his. He rubs his thumbs along Tony’s knuckles soothingly.
He wraps himself around Tony’s body afterwards, protecting him from the world, from everything he failed to protect him from before and will fail to protect him from in the future. If this is the only night he has, he is not selfless enough to let it end now.
“I’d like to. Stay.” Tony looks up, eyes wide. Opens his mouth and closes it again. “If that’s alright,” Steve says, asking permission.
He’s beginning to break through that emptiness now, beginning to have real thoughts. He should probably try to wake up, if that’s what this is, some type of unconsciousness or sleep. There’s sound coming from outside his body, because he has a body, he can feel it, far away, he has limbs and a face and fingers and toes, a heart that beats and lungs that breathe.
“Of course I do, I do everything best,” he says offhandedly. He brushes imaginary lint off the front of his shirt, inspects the back of his nails.
Steve’s voice is one hundred percent Captain America when he responds. “It’s not over until those hostages are safe and the Hydra agents are in custody.”
He watches as the caskets are lowered into the ground. Steve’s, with the American flag draped over it like the National hero he is. Was. And Jamie’s. The tiny little wooden casket engraved with vines and flowers and words someone had chosen in his mental absence, probably Pepper. It’s so small, much too small to contain something as large as death.
“So, you’re in town for the Accords conference,” Steve says. It’s not really a question. Tony nods anyway.
And isn’t it so like Steve, to jump to that conclusion? That he could possibly be to blame for what Tony’s done, for Tony’s bad judgment, Tony being the biggest asshole on the face of the Earth.
“As a matter of fact, yes, more important than this team. Because without Stark Industries, there would be no money to fund the fucking team. Without Tony Stark out there giving the press what they want to hear, there is no support for this team. Without me playing peacekeeper between you all and the fucking US government there IS NO TEAM, Steve. What more do you want from me?”
Steve smiles as he pulls away and rolls to his feet. He tucks the blanket back around Tony and sits down in his own seat.
“I appreciate everything you’re doing to help me find Bucky,” he hears the other man say quietly. “And I know you’ve got a hundred other things to do. But you need to take better care of yourself, Tony. You’re going to burn out.”
“He needs you right now, Tony,” Bucky continues, and this time his voice is far from even. It wobbles dangerously, full of so much loss and regret and overwhelming
Tony takes out a couple of bots as they fly by him (they’re so easy it’s pathetic, but what they lack in strength they make up for in numbers, there have got to be at least a hundred of these things), and he’s trying to work out how to get past the forcefield of the leader guy on the roof when Barnes comes out of nowhere behind the thing and jumps onto it’s back, punching viciously at it’s head and neck with his cybernetic arm.
“As for you helping now…” he pauses, eyes dropping to the floor between his feet. Tony raises his eyebrows, curious. “Well, if you’re up for it, I mean, if you don’t mind… I’d just like to keep an eye on him. On Bucky. I’m done chasing him. He will come back when—if—he wants to. And I have to respect his choice. But, I’d like to know that he’s okay. If you can do that.” The Captain looks up again and catches Tony’s eyes, and Tony’s at a loss for words for a moment.
Steve’s back up on his feet, roaring with fury when a bullet hits him in the chest and this time Tony’s sure his heart stops. He watches as Steve’s eyes go wide with shock before he falls to his knees.
Tony speaks again. "He doesn't seem to be hiding... I know you kind of gave up trying to force him to come back, but it almost seems like he's waiting. He's stayed in the same place for a while now, and that's not his usual MO. Just thought maybe you'd want to know..." He trails off uncertainly, looking uncomfortable.
“Heyyy Capsicle. Grab a sit. Grab a seat. Sit down,” he slurs. He’s pretty far gone at this point. He hasn’t drank so much so fast since after Obie tried to kill him. He shakes his head, vision swinging sharply. He doesn’t really like to think about that. New subject, please.
A harsh sob escapes him before he even finishes moving, his entire body shaking, and his eyes blur. The bed is empty.
He reaches out with a hand and a repulsor gauntlet flies to meet it, latching around his wrist comfortingly. The men directly behind Ross raise their weapons until Ross puts up a hand, and they relax slightly, muzzles pointed down but fingers still on the trigger.
“You,” he says, and he can feel the heat in his cheeks but stubbornly refuses to look down. Tony looks surprised but quickly recovers, smirking.
"Don't look at me like that, he is. He should have waited for backup. Guess it caught up to you this time," he says, directing the last at Tony. Pepper turns back to Tony but doesn't argue, and he wants to apologize for doing this to her, to all of them, he so stupid and he never learns and he'll always hurt the people he cares about. God he's so emotional right now.
“What did I do this time, Steve? I haven’t even been out of the lab since this morning, but I’m sure you can find something to lecture me about.”
That’s when the rest of the robots arrive. Tony’s seeing in snapshots now, blackness, then a shock of light and color and Doombots smashing at the armor. He thinks he can hear Steve yelling in the background, thinks he sees Thor’s hammer crashing through the rows of metal arms reaching for him, and he's on the ground now, robots crushing him beneath their weight. He thinks there’s pain, but he can’t tell where, it’s tingling all throughout his body and his heart feels like it’s squeezing so tight in his chest and he thinks he may not be breathing, but he tastes metal, so much metal, and it’s fitting, death by metal, he’s Iron Man, and then there’s only blackness.
“Also, I’d like to buy him another of whatever he’s having.” He gestures across to Tony, who is still staring deep into his drink. The bartender merely nods and opens him a new beer, and Steve’s grateful for the discretion.
“Okay, we’re going to try something,” Tony starts. He takes a large sip from his glass and puts it down before turning on the barstool to look directly at Steve. Again, the intensity of his gaze is something Steve isn’t quite prepared for, but he keeps his mouth shut and nods, trying to keep his face open.
he huffed out a breath, “to gather some things to make an actual shelter. And I found some berries, which I thought we could attempt to eat. But those are probably crushed by now thanks to your
It was as if Tony lived his life unable to flip into the default settings so many people appeared to operate under. So many people had normal childhoods with normal parents, went to normal schools and normal colleges, found normal jobs and developed normal habits. People married those they loved and those that loved them, unconditionally.
As Tony pushed through the trees he froze when he caught movement ahead. He moved behind a tree, ducking his head around just slightly to stare ahead.
Tony nodded and Steve began doing ridiculous acrobatics trying to crawl up the nearly sheer rock face.
He buried his face in Tony’s hair and heard the small sounds of berries dropping to the ground as Tony froze in his embrace.
He heard the calls of his name, muffled by the wind passing by his ears. Before he hit the ground he noticed a dark hole in the pavement below and a flash of navy blue.
You’re stuck there, wondering when it’s going to happen again, when’s the new breaking point, when can things really not come back? When is the damage irreversible? Is it already?
Steve swallowed and nodded. He had a million things to say already and chewed on the inside of his cheek to keep from blurting out.
He walked in search of food, glancing over every passing plant in hopes for something that looked slightly edible.
Tony grunted in response and leaned up against the tree. Their shoulders were no where near close enough to touch, and Tony wanted to keep it that way. Before they both knew it, their eyes were fluttering and falling into a deep sleep.
Tony frowned, “well I’m guessing it’s what I was worried about. We’re probably not on earth anymore. Or at least, our earth.”
Tony angled himself to crawl awkwardly from under the tree, putting as little weight on his ankle as possible. It wasn’t very painful to walk on, but if he didn’t get it washed soon the risk of infection raised.
Tony woke up uncomfortable and drowsy. His eyelids felt heavy, he was hot, and there was a rock poking hard into his back. The ground smelled like wet earth and his whole body ached from the day before, particularly his ankle. He shifted slightly in a tired attempt to get more comfortable when he was tugged tightly back. Steve’s warm arm was wrapped around his upper torso in a big spoon position. The ‘rock’ that was poking into him was definitely not a rock, though maybe it was as hard as one.
, he figured the man wasn’t sorry. He sure gave up his attempts to talk to Tony at the compound quickly enough.
Steve wanted look away, look down at his hands or off to the ground, but he couldn’t. His eyes were locked to Tony’s, and Tony’s were filled with pain.
Tony rotated in the stream and inadvertently showed off a perfectly round butt & muscular back. Steve stared as the brunet ran his fingers through his hair and allowed the stream of water to pour over his face. Steve could hear the small moans of relief escape Tony’s lips under the streams. Steve took a temp breath and unconsciously palmed at his quickly hardening cock.
He plopped down on a mostly flat rock and shivered as the cold enveloped him faster now that he just had his shirt & boxer briefs on.
“Yeah,” Tony popped the last of his portion of berries in his mouth, “I mean, it looked at least a little bit clearer than all the brush we’ve had to trudge through. Could be wrong though.”
He tripped over roots more times than he could count. The forest floor was muddy & uneven. He wore light running shoes that did nothing to prevent his socks from becoming soaked through with dirty water. He envied Steve’s thick & thermal uniform as well as his hefty leather boots. Super soldier heat & coordination on top of a heavy duty outfit?
It was some sort of wizard or witch, possibly a glorified magician with a real grudge against film students. Either way, they were rapidly attempting to destroy the better half of Greenwich village by the time the ‘Avengers’ had arrived in the Quinjet. It was becoming increasingly clear how much they were lacking: their heaviest hitters (Hulk, Thor, & Wanda) were either missing or staying at home for fear of another devastating destruction. They were out of practice and completely distrusting of each other. It wasn’t unexpected, but it certainly wasn’t helping the situation.
let me know what you think of Tony’s first organized spill of feelings! or any general thoughts/reactions, comments help my creative floooow
Save for the coloring, it looked like one of those terrifying rare defects you see on animal planet. Tongues hung long and limp from each of the respective mouths, flopping as the deer turned its head in all directions.
Because the whole thing was selfish and stupid. And Tony hated him right now & probably always would. And Steve was still not happy with Tony and some of the choices he made. Even if Tony thought they were right at the time.
was. Steve could probably walk another 15 miles without so much as a pant. Though he still somewhat appreciated that Steve didn’t blame him for needing a rest.
As do we! The Avengers have their own agendas, and however important and selfless those agendas are in theory, what we do has consequences. But to just think that—“ he stopped himself, taking a deep breath.
Even in the throws of a brainwashed bestie, the UN’s looming asses, and his teammates begging him to come with them, he was a man on a mission.
“Well, I think good ole’ Wicked Witch of the West sent me through some sort of portal thing and your dumb ass followed me right in.”
They both sat quietly on the banks for a while, listening to the small sounds of lapping water & wind flowing through the trees. The moonlight was even brighter as it reflected against the flowing stream and sent soft glitters of light dancing on the rocks and roots nearby.
Steve was stoically silent. Tony actually attempted to talk to him a handful of times but was met with one word answers.
Tony came back shortly after Steve had finished building his collection of materials. He was redressed in the criminally tight undersuit and jeans, dark curls plastered to his forehead. Steve made no eye contact and left fairly quickly despite Tony’s questioning. He knew his face was burning red and he’d rather avoid that conversation.
It wasn’t storming but the steady stream of rain still pounded on the ground and ran small rivers into every low point in the earth.
what a pathetic excuse for a son I am. I can open any website any day and find a dozen new reasons to hate everything about myself. I’ve made more mistakes than you can imagine and despite what people think, I’m damn well aware of that. And I thought…”
Tony was warm and muscular with a thin layer of softness to him. The top of his head fit nicely under Steve’s chin when he tilted it up. He smelled like the earth and campfire and a little bit of Steve, but maybe he was just imagining that.
Steve sighed. “The first thing we need to do is actually find food. We’ll follow the river like I said, and only venturing a few dozen yards in opposite directions.”
It probably shouldn’t have been a surprise that things came to quite literal blows the way they did. What was it a that Banner called them the first time they all interacted?
He looked around the small area they’d claimed as their own. No clothing, no signs of struggle, no discernible footprints, no blood. The fire they had put out last night was still there. Steve called out a few more times as he made his way towards the waterfall. Maybe Tony was bathing again?
Tony was still frozen mid air, choking on the words that refused to leave his throat. He could still hear the sounds of the others fighting below him and thought he heard the increasing calls of his name. The witch raised her hand, palm up slowly and Tony began rising with the motion.
—but the more he saw it the less jaded it appeared. At one point he would’ve thought Steve worried regularly about him when he locked himself in the lab or forgot to sleep & eat for days.
The other man nodded and met his eye line, “I’m not promising I’m not going to lash out at you. Whether you think it’s fair or unfair, I’m still pissed at you.
He couldn’t call out to Tony now, it would’ve been too obvious he’d seen at least some of it. He ducked his head, cheeks red with shame and quickly made his way back to the camp while ignoring the uncomfortable feeling in his uniform pants.
Of course the exact opposite of that happened, and now the man in question was never more than 200 yards away from Tony at any given moment. In a wonderful display of the unfairness of the universe Steve Rogers & the rest of the rag tag wonder crew were permitted to return to the United States a mere 11 months & 17 days from their explosive family reunion in Germany. And the cherry on top of the shit sundae?
you were hiding something from me. You looked me in the eye for two goddamn years, knowing who the winter solider was, knowing how my parents died, knowing that
The power of the water fall drowned out Steve’s voice as he called out Tony’s name. He figured it would be better to just approach him and get his attention in person. Steve rounded the textured wall of rock to look upon the waterfall.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t been trying to actively deny that realization. He hid that realization below mounds of work, drinking, & anger. But being here without distractions & without the ability to run away had depleted his resolve so damn quickly it felt like it was never there in the first place.
“Why won’t you talk to me?” Steve whispered after a while, staring into the fire. In his peripheral he could swear he saw Tony’s mouth open in surprise, but the brunet said nothing.
They were under the house arrest & supervision of the former funder of the Avengers: Anthony Edward Stark.
“If we’re going to attempt to rest tonight I say we do it right here. I don’t know about you but I’m exhausted.”
while to figure out that maybe it wasn’t just admiration he felt. But he shoved that down again & again. Tony wasn’t with him regularly, Tony was dating Pepper, Steve was living in DC, Steve was angry with Tony, Steve was at the compound, Steve needed to focus on Bucky, Steve & Tony were pissed at each other.
Tony. I just want to talk to you. I can’t decide whether or not I deserve to explain myself, or whether or not I deserve to give or receive any apology.” He looked down at his own hands and squeezed, “But I want to.”
remember they’ve both got their own view points on the whole civil war events, which they will both have the opportunity to share with one another.
They sat across from each other at the fire. Tony was relatively talkative during the say, but he’d been silent for a while now. Steve occasionally caught his eye, but he quickly looked away each time.
From what he could make out, there was nothing in any direction but trees, rocks, & moss. Tony may be a genius but he was never a Boy Scout. He didn’t have much of a sense of direction nor did he have any knowledge that would help in an “out in the woods” survivor experience. He was a futurist, an engineer, a tech guru. He could build any weapon in the world but that didn’t mean he knew how to hunt for food.
Steve took the first bite of the cooked ‘fish’ and they waited about 40 minutes before they deemed it okay. It was a large fish, but they’d both been starving and wolfed it down fairly quickly.
The sound of a soft splashing interrupted his thoughts. He moved forward quickly and his eyes widened at the sight of a small, clear pond with a… fish?
Tony turned again revealing his own partially hard cock and moved his hand softly to grip it. Steve heard a small sigh escape from Tony’s lips as his fitted his hand around himself. The heel of the blonde’s hand moved harsher against the outline of his own erection.
“Wow thanks. Anyway, I didn’t mean what I said. I just don’t understand what the fuck is happening and I
The left side of Tony’s face was pressed into the soft earth and when he raised his head he was hit with a wave of motion sickness. He managed to open his eyes, blinking as he adjusted to the darkness.
He heard Tony’s breath quicken as his hand began increasingly desperate strokes on his cock. His whole body seemed to shudder as he moaned out what sounded an awful lot like Steve’s name? He curled in on himself lightly as he came, stroking himself thoroughly until he was tired. Steve snapped out of his daze instantly and yanked his hands away from himself.
good, they were pretty drunk after all). Natasha and Sam join them more often than not, and sometimes even Rhodey tags along, and it’s a good time all around.
Afghanistan at the same time Tony was on his little impromptu vacation. He also learns that Steve was a sickly kid before a sudden growth spurt, that prior to volunteering he was an art student, working part-time for a small comic book company. He has no living relatives, but he grew up in New York, and this is his first New Year’s off since he joined up, and he wanted to spend it in his home city.
Tony has half a mind to call out to him, ask where he’s going, apologize, something to stop him from leaving, but in the end he says nothing, and Steve leaves anyway.
Tony is shaking his head wordlessly. He’s speechless. His throat is completely closed up, he can’t believe this is happening. He loves Steve, Steve loves him, but Steve’s leaving him, he’s breaking up with him.
What Steve wouldn’t give for some good old-fashioned revenge right now. He didn’t—doesn’t— know Stark that well, but the man is part of his team, and beneath all of the bullshit and bluster he’s a good man, he proved that when he rode that missile into outer space. And maybe, just maybe, Steve feels an attachment to him, because he’s a link to Steve’s past, when everything else is dead and gone, or fading, like he should have faded. But fate had other plans, and he’s not gone but here, and Stark is his anchor, in a way, though he hardly knows him, and they don’t even particularly like each other.
He grabs the Captain’s arm, probably overstepping his boundaries by quite a bit, but he’s a little out of it at the moment, he can’t really think past ‘Captain America needs me’ and some small part of him (the part that’s still ten years old and hugging a Captain America plushie to his tiny chest) wants to show him that Tony Stark is worth his time, he’s not a complete failure.
He doesn't respond, just slips the smartphone back into his pocket, next to the little black phone that never rings.
Things are just starting to head in the right direction when Tony’s phone buzzes on his bedside table. He reaches over to silence it and continues his way down Steve’s chest, the other man’s breath coming quicker and his hands roaming over Tony’s body. A minute later Steve’s phone starts to ring, and Tony groans loudly.
"Latveria. There's a Hydra base there. Stop, Steve, wait." Tony's the one reaching out now, hand grabbing Steve's shoulder as he turns away to grab his workout bag. Steve has the urge to push his hand away, walk right through it. There's no chance Tony can actually keep him there if Steve wanted to get free, but he stops and lets Tony turn him around anyway.
There’s a pause, then, “We had a breakthrough on the Winter Soldier case. I just wanted to tell you, and let you know I’m heading out immediately.” He gestures down at his body. Huh, Tony hadn’t even noticed he’s wearing the Captain America uniform.
He begins making pained noises and Steve decides he's had enough of staying away, so he crosses the small space to kneel at Tony's side, the medical technicians making room for Captain America without comment. He takes Tony's hand gently, careful of the IV pumping fluids into the back of it, speaking to the EMTs over Tony's prone form.
“Actually, I can’t remember anything. Before this.” Tony gestures around himself, at the bed and the room. “Before waking up. I don’t remember anything.”
They get to the hospital in under 30 minutes and Tony is pushing past the reception desk, ignoring the shouting behind him. He hears Steve talking to the nurses behind the desk and the security guard he brushed off, and for a moment he’s so grateful Steve is here, and then he’s forgetting about Steve completely, rushing down the hallway, skidding around a corner until he sees Rhodey pacing outside the ICU wing.
“I love you, Tony. I want to be with you. I know you’re not perfect, neither am I. But I want to work on it, with you.” Tony’s shaking now, gripping Steve’s hand so tightly his knuckles ache. He clears his throat before he replies.
everything used to be, how it will never be again, and he’s back to that stretch of wall, the only thing he can think about without losing whatever’s left of his mind.
Tony waves at him indifferently as he pours out another drink for himself and fresh one for his guest. He recaps the decanter and walks across the room, sitting on the adjacent love seat and sliding the Captain’s drink across the table toward him. Rogers catches it with a large hand and makes no move to drink from it. Tony has no such qualms and takes a large sip, feeling it settle along with the first glass to warm his stomach.
Tony does a bit of a double-take, eyes wide and surprised, before he grins. “Oh Captain, this is going to be so much fun,” he says, and Steve knows he’s in trouble.
“Steve,” he says, voice hoarse with sleep, or maybe with want. Heat rushes through Steve’s body at the sound of it, and he wants to hear it in darkness, in the quiet of his bedroom, just the two of them with all the time in the world to get to know each other.
“Why are you here, Steve?” he asks, voice puzzled. He’s got a little furrow between his brows, question in his dark eyes. “Why are you in this shitty little pub, on a Tuesday night, by yourself?”
They turn to walk the last block to Tony’s hotel, Tony leading the way, fingers threaded through Steve’s larger ones. They enter the ritzy building, cross the luxurious lobby, empty like everywhere else so close to midnight on New Year’s Eve. They wait for the elevator, fidgeting nervously, and it arrives with a ding, doors sliding open. As they step into the empty car Tony presses the button for the penthouse, fumbling in his back pocket for his keycard and scanning it before the elevator starts it’s ascent to the top.
They finalize their plans and split off to do whatever it is they each do to get in the right frame of mind before a mission. Clint and Natasha sit together near the back of the plane, speaking in soft voices. Bruce sits a short distance from them and begins to meditate, and Thor reclines in his seat, sweeps his cloak over himself, and promptly starts snoring.
“Tony, no, stop. They’re trying to help you. Can you give him something? You’re hurting him. Please, stop Tony, stop, they’re helping you.” He can barely make sense of what Steve’s saying. They’re helping him? It hurts. They’re hurting him. Why is Steve letting them?
The Captain turns at Tony’s entrance, super soldier hearing and reflexes still sharp. His shoulders straighten and Tony realizes he’s standing at attention. He snorts.
Tony lurches forward, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist, burying his face in the space between Steve’s neck and shoulder. He inhales deeply, trying to settle his emotions, trying to believe this is really happening, Steve isn’t leaving him.
Steve shakes his head sharply. “No, it’s— None taken. Tony, that’s, I can’t—“ He stops, takes a breath. “That’s terrible. You have every right to decide what you want to do with your suit, and with your company. It’s
In the end, it actually is a relatively quick, in-and-out mission. Hydra’s breaking into a laboratory, again, for equipment and blood samples and all other kinds of disturbing supplies for whatever horrifying human experiments they’re trying to run now. It’s quick and easy, and they eliminate most of the threat without a struggle. There are four agents that made it into the basements of the lab before the Avengers got there and are now holding hostages, which is slowing the process down a little, but Natasha and Clint are on their way through the vents while police attempt to reason with the hostage-takers.
Steve’s hands run down his back and cup his ass, and then suddenly he’s being lifted from the ground like he weighs nothing at all. He wraps his legs around Steve’s waist and his arms around his neck, and he can feel how aroused Steve is as their bodies press tightly together. He’s never been more turned on in his life as Steve literally walks them through the open bedroom door. He doesn’t stop when he reaches the bed, just climbs up with Tony still clinging to him with all four limbs, crawling until he can lay Tony’s head down on the five-star pillows. His body covers Tony like a huge human blanket, and it should be oppressing, claustrophobic, but it’s the exact opposite. It’s comforting and warm and Tony feels sheltered and cared for, and he stretches up to kiss Steve affectionately on his reddened lips.
"Where?" Steve asks, mind already creating extraction plans and wondering if Bucky will recognize him again and deciding he doesn't care if he does, he's bringing him home anyway, he's had enough of waiting around.
"Relationships, I've never had a stable one before. I never really knew my parents, I used to have plenty of flings but they never lasted and then came you. I don't understand how this equal give and take works," Tony says burying his face in the back of Steve's neck who sighs in content at having Tony so close again but he won't admit it because he is still mad at Tony.
When Steve looks at Tony he doesn't even smile before turning back to the food and ignoring that he is even there. "Okay, that's different," Tony thinks but shakes it off before sitting at the table with everyone else.
"No," Tony says hugging him tighter refusing to let go as Steve weakly tries to get out of his arms. Because if he truly tries to get away from him he definitely can but Steve doesn't really care at this point. "I don't know how to do this."
Later that night after an entire day of not talking with Steve, Tony about loses it. He storms right into Steve's room without even knocking to see him just laying on his bed not doing anything. "Steve!" Tony does not know how to bring up this topic as he's never done it before.
Tony just stood there not really sure what to say, yeah he may have started it but he doesn't see what the big deal is. Tony sighs and heads up to his own room for the night, sad that he's going to be sleeping alone for the first time in a long time.
Tony looks deeply into Steve's eyes before nodding and climbing back into the bed. This time Steve is facing Tony and holding him tightly to his chest. "You didn't sleep last night, did you?" Tony mumbles against Steve's chest happy that they are together, even if it's just for the moment, again.
"Well, yeah. Why else would I say it if I didn't mean it?" Steve says looking at Tony emotionlessly as if he isn't feeling anything at all. "I'm tired Tony, it's clear you don't care so I'm done."
Steve places he plates in front of everyone before taking his own seat and they all start eating. Steve just keeps his head down not looking at anyone or entering into any conversation. Tony starts to feel this unusual weight in his chest as he watches Steve sit there quietly and eat. He's not sure what it is because he's never felt it before but he doesn't like it.
"You know what? I'm done. You don't seem to care about this whole relationship enough to try and fix things, I have to do all the work and that's not fair. I can't keep doing this forever, so I'm done," Steve practically yells as he storms up the stairs of the Stark tower, heading towards his old room. Since he had moved into Tony's room a while back it has been out of use for a long while.
"Well, he's not a very talkative guy," Tony responds shrugging as if he doesn't find it strange, but he does. Steve is usually quite happy and upbeat but it just seems like he's not trying this morning.
"No, you weren't there and I was just too worried that maybe you really didn't actually care and we'd never work this out. I'm just happy you're here," Steve sighs happily as he kisses the top of Tony's head.
Throughout their entire relationship Steve has always been the one to apologize. After every fight, even if Tony was wrong and Steve was right, Steve always went to talk it over with Tony and apologize. Tony never brings this up though, he's never been one to apologize. No that he's good at it, anyways.
"I am talking to you, Tony," Steve responds tiredly as he just stares at the wall not even looking at Tony.
"I...what...why won't you talk to me?" Tony doesn't know what to say and it completely frustrates him as he struggles with his words.
"No, I mean...you...you...did you mean what you said yesterday?" Tony asks nervously, sure he hadn't actually believed him but all day without Steve talking to him made him worry that they really are not together anymore.
"Yes," Steve sighs sitting up so his back is leaning against the headboard as he looks at Tony exhausted, as if he hadn't slept at all that night.
Tony hops in the shower before heading down for breakfast, he smile happily when he sees Steve making breakfast while a few of the avengers sit at the table talking.
Tony decides to let Steve calm down. "He'll come around and talk to me eventually," Tony tells himself before relaxing into his restless night of sleep, as Steve is not there to comfort him.
Steve is absolutely shocked that Tony had said he loves him. He's always been the one who said it, Tony has just always been so reluctant to say it and it frustrated Steve terribly.
"Yeah, but that's something we could have worked out together, as a couple. But you just kept pushing it off and had me do everything, I'm tired of apologizing Tony," Steve sighs as he shuts his eyes to get a grip on his emotions that seem to start to surface.
"And I'm sorry about that, I'll try harder," Tony promises to which Steve stays quiet waiting for Tony's apology. "Um, okay, so I want to...to...um...to apologize about how stubborn and how much of a terrible boyfriend I've been. I know I'm not the easiest person to get along with and I'm honestly surprised we've made it as far as we did. I understand if you want to stay broken up but...um...just know I...I love you and hope you could one day forgive me."
“Because I hurt you, Tony. Because I said no, yesterday. That’s why you did this, isn’t it?” Steve asks knowingly.
“Probably,” he sing songs. “Care to join me?” He waggles his glass at Steve’s waist, which has somehow ended up right in Tony’s eye line.
“Steve, Steve, stop, hold on a minute,” Tony pants. Steve stops immediately, face flushed, lips red and swollen and Tony groans with want. “You’re so fucking gorgeous, holy fuck, Steve.”
“Tony tells me you need to loosen up,” she says. Her hand slides off his shoulder and down his chest, fingers dipping slightly inside where his shirt falls open. “I can help you with that,” she murmurs, and Steve is impressed. He doesn’t think a lady has ever come on to him this strong before, and while it’s not exactly a turn off (he’s always loved a woman who knows what she wants), it’s not something he’s looking for tonight.
"He your fella?" Bucky asks, face unreadable. Steve exhales a shaky breath, looking down at his hands, clenched into fists at his sides.
Tony sees Steve swing his shield and take off the head of one bot, do a backflip over a second and then proceed to kick it’s chest plate in, sparks flying. When he responds to Clint he’s not even out of breath. Tony hates him a little.
He goes to the common floor, and as he steps out of the elevator he notices that everyone is already there.
Steve's in the private garage underneath the tower at 5:15 the next morning. Happy's loading his bag into the trunk and chatting amiably about the lack of traffic and the easy drive to the airport. He seems to have taken a liking to Steve, always smiling and going out of his way to be helpful, and normally Steve would be glad to have someone to talk to but today he's distracted. He'd taken Tony's advice last night and gone to bed early, honestly tried to get some sleep, but his mind was whirling with thoughts about Bucky and Tony and the mission and the rest of the Avengers and everything that could go wrong, and he'd barely managed to get more than an hour's rest.
JARVIS’s voice replies, sounding slightly more tinny from the phone’s small speakers than it usually does down in the lab. “Hello, Captain. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
The guy is gorgeous, Tony observes, seeing him head on for the first time. He’s got a strong jaw, a prominent nose that still somehow fits perfectly in his face. His eyes are startlingly blue, brought into sharp relief by the blue shirt, and his hair is just long enough for his bangs to fall messily over his forehead while still managing to be completely endearing.
“Tony? Can you hear me?” His voice is shaking and he gently squeezes the hand held in his, praying for a response, for a miracle.
Steve’s standing behind Tony now, and Tony feels him step close, feels the other man’s body heat all along his back. They’re not touching at all, but it’s intimate, how close they’re standing, and then Steve leans down to press a soft kiss to the side of Tony’s neck. Tony’s head falls to the side, giving him access, and Steve keeps pressing gentle kisses there, hands coming up to grasp Tony’s hips. Tony has a moment to fantasize about how big those hands are, how strong Steve probably is, before he feels the flick of a tongue against his neck and he loses track of everything but that mouth as he groans aloud.
He’s dreaming of lightning, shocks spreading through his body, dancing along his limbs. Blue-white light flashes behind his eyelids, and it’s cold and sharp, but it warms his body, almost uncomfortably warm. It’s gone, and he’s drifting back into the soothing blackness when it comes again, arcing through him. He wakes this time, and feels pain everywhere, and he gasps in a breath of cold night air, almost chokes on wetness in his throat.
He wakes up in his bed. His and Steve’s bed. He can smell Steve on the sheets. He’s going to roll over and Steve is going to be there, smiling at him in the soft morning light, finger to his lips, telling him to be quiet, because Jamie just fell back to sleep and maybe they can have a little alone time before he wakes up again.
“Don’t give me that shit, Steve,” Tony says angrily, slamming his palms down on the desktop, bits of million dollar electronics rattling dangerously. “I did what was necessary. I kept the team safe, like I’ve been doing for months now, no thanks to you.”
He wants to be that friend, that someone, that Tony can turn to. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever get that chance again.
He manages not to break down, just barely, but he can feel Steve’s shirt beneath his face beginning to dampen with his tears. His fists clench in Steve’s shirt and he can’t be bothered to let go.
“Tony. Tony, can you hear me? Tony, please answer me. Please.” It’s Steve’s voice. Tony’s missed his voice. He wonders how long he’s been asleep. Where is he?
Tony wears black, because there is nothing to celebrate here. Nothing to celebrate about his husband and infant son being taken from him so forcibly. Nothing to celebrate about two such beautiful souls being ripped from this world before their time.
He spends a week in Minsk, before boarding a train to Vitebsk, a smaller city closer to the Russian border, on a tip from Natasha. This city is just as cold, and somehow even lonelier than the last, despite its green lawns and white buildings and clean streets. The people here are even more withdrawn, and he doesn’t know if it’s because he’s an unwelcome American, or because there’s something else going on that he’s unaware of. He hopes it’s the latter. For all of the problems it could potentially cause, it’s a way of knowing they’re on the right track, in the right place.
Tony’s laugh is easy, amused, and Steve grins. “Well,” Tony says, draws out the word, tapping his fingers in a rhythmic pattern on the dark wood counter. “I’m a terrible golfer. Deplorable,” he says, shaking his head sadly, eyes dancing.
It’s sweet, so fucking sweet, like they’ve been waiting 70 years for it, and Tony feels so fucking out of place, like he’s the one on the outside, like he’s been the one cheating with Steve this whole time, because holy shit, that right there, Tony will never have that with Steve. It’s one kiss, and it’s already more than Tony’s ever had.
. Steve’s seen him shirtless before, in workouts sometimes, after battles, in the SHIELD locker rooms. Tony had trusted his team, never flaunted his chest full of scars but never hidden it, either. He wonders if Tony would trust him if he knew he was Steve Rogers, his old teammate, the man who lied to him and betrayed his trust. Somehow he doubts it.
He showers for the first time in days, and it feels sinfully good, and he feels guilty for enjoying it but shoves the thought from his mind and goes through the motions anyway. After the shower he takes a razor to his stubble, managing to clean it up enough that he no longer looks like a homeless man, and he cleans and bandages his swollen hand carefully.
So. Plans. He does try to make them occasionally, and follow them, but really, this is what happens. One thing goes wrong, and that causes something else to go lopsided, and Tony may be a futurist but he can’t predict when stupid supervillian henchmen are going to actually be supervillian Doombots with weapons enhanced by Hydra, and soon the Avengers are all running around trying to find the leader Doombot so they can disable all of them at once, while their erstwhile leader is off trying to convince his dead-but-not-dead best friend to come back to the side of Good.
“Steve—“ Tony reaches out, one hand still cupping his cheek, and Steve makes that sound again, pained, like someone has punched him in the gut, and Tony’s heart clenches. He’s horrified as he watches Steve’s eyes fill.
“Who said I’d be alone?” Tony replies, leering suggestively. Steve laughs outright at that and pushes Tony’s shoulder playfully. Tony grins.
After an indeterminate amount of time, he stops squeezing, and feeling, and then he stops hearing and he sinks into darkness.
Steve eventually runs out of things to talk about, doesn't want to lie any more than he already has, and the conversation peters out. Tony’s finished another glass while he’s been talking, and Steve can see he’s starting to get a little drunk. His eyelids are drooping slightly, like he’s tired, and Steve is about to call the bartender over for a glass of water when Tony speaks.
Tony pulls him along, fingers linked tightly, until they’re somewhere near the middle of the dance floor. The song playing is upbeat, and the strobe lights are going crazy, flashing and swinging and changing colors at a rapid pace along with the beat of the song. The bass is even stronger out here, thumping in his chest like it’s going to burst him open. He would have a hard time hearing Tony now even with his super-powered hearing if he tried to speak to him, but Tony doesn’t seem to want to talk.
The smile drops off his face as Steve watches the falling helicopter smash into the house right where Iron Man is standing, and half of the building goes crashing down into the ocean.
, Steve. I got to sit here and wonder until Rhodey thought it might be a good idea to let me know. I hope your little time out worked out
Tony stares, mouth hanging open. Is Steve… Jealous? “Steve, what the fuck? Of course I still talk to Pepper, she’s the CEO of my company, for fuck’s sake. She’s my friend. We may have called off the whole dating thing, but she’s not going anywhere if I can help it. I don’t have the patience to do half the shit she does, she better not go anywhere,” Tony trails off jokingly, trying to lighten the mood.
He’s pathetic, he knows he is, but Tony doesn't care anymore. He cries pitifully and Rhodey rubs his back, up and down, up and down, and there’s not really anything else to say.
The shot comes before he’s ready, hitting him in the neck, and he stumbles, Bruce’s arms going around him. He gasps in a breath, his vision starting to go spotty at the edges, and he falls to his knees.
He gasps, “Bed,” against Steve’s lips and feels him nod, and before he can even move to get up Steve’s standing, lifting his body up completely. Tony gasps and clamps his legs around Steve’s waist as Steve strides effortlessly toward the elevator, and thank god for fucking FRIDAY, the doors are open and the elevator’s waiting to take them up to the penthouse.
“Yes, that will be all, Miss Potts,” he says. He looks back at Pepper, at the woman who’s been by his side for so many years, one of the only people he really trusts. He thinks he sees pain flash in her eyes for a second before she smiles thinly and turns to the waiting elevator, stepping inside. She keeps her back turned until the doors close.
Later that evening Steve makes his way back to the shitty little pub, and if he can’t keep his eyes off of Tony Stark during the replays on the barroom television, no one is there to notice.
Steve goes from dark and forbidding to remorseful instantly. He looks like a kicked puppy. He’s even wringing his hands and stammering apologies, and Tony gives up.
“Go back to sleep, he says,” Tony mumbles. “I won’t wake you by sucking your face off again, he says.”
“Wait,” Tony starts. “What is this? Is this, are you telling me to, I don’t know, go find someone new, someone I deserve? Is that what this is, Steve? Are you kidding me right now?”
“Please, stop Tony, stop, they’re helping you.” It's horrible, watching Tony struggle and not being able to get through to him. Steve has never felt so useless before in his life. Finally, a technician slips a needle into Tony's elbow and depresses the plunger and he relaxes almost immediately. His eyes slide open and he looks up at Steve, foggy with the drugs. He tries to move his arm but the cord from the blood bag stops him and he lets it fall back to his side. He tries to speak but struggles, and Steve wants to calm him, so he reaches out to put a hand on his cheek, rubbing gently with his thumb. He tells Tony to relax, that he's going to be okay, keeps talking until Tony's eyes slide closed again.
“I’m literally going insane. Nuts and bolts crazy. I feel like a crazy person. Do I look like a crazy person?” Tony asks, looking over at Yinsen. He shakes his head and laughs harshly. “Don’t answer that, I’m wearing a tank top in a frozen cave with a car battery wired to my chest while playing a game of backgammon. I am a fucking crazy person.”
And while he may not be around to see it, he’s pretty sure he believes that these men, the Ten Rings, will get what’s coming to them as well.
“JARVIS, I'm going to go for the chest panel. I need you to push through when I pass out. No matter what my vitals say, I need you to fucking rip it apart, okay?”
It’s minutes, hours, an eternity before they break apart slowly. They’re both panting, and Steve rests his forehead against Tony’s, pressing a quick kiss to his lips, then another.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice is wrecked. Tony tells himself that’s why he’s so weak, why he turns to face him so quickly.
He blinks his eyes open and everything is moving. It takes him a minute to place the whop whop whop sounds as helicopter blades. His head lolls to the side and there’s Steve, face pale and drawn, talking to someone over him. Everything hurts, his chest most of all, and he groans pathetically as it aches, eyes clenching shut.
“J, this smacks of betrayal. Of guilt trips and betrayal, and I know you know not to execute anything when I’m being manipulated. I’m pretty sure I winked or crossed my fingers or something when I agreed to this, you saw me, don’t pretend you didn’t, you have 42 surveillance cameras on this floor alone.” He hears a chuckle from Steve’s direction. Glancing over, his mouth quirks up as he sees how relaxed the Captain is, sinking into the soft couch, smiling vaguely at the ceiling as he listens to Tony bicker with his AI. His bratty, backstabbing AI.
He almost tells him to bring food, like old times, but he’s not sure what to expect. If it is a breakup, Tony just wants him to get it over with, in and out and Tony can get back to living his pathetic fucking life without Steve. So he leaves it short and simple.
Steve knows of Tony's history, knows that Howard had turned cold and bitter after the war, had been a less than a good father to his prodigy of a son. Howard had not been father material even when Steve knew him, young and brazen and ambitious, and he'd apparently been even less so by the time Tony came around, late in his life and more a necessity to carry on the Stark legacy than a product of love. It's no trouble for Steve to picture Howard, drink ever-present in his hand, towering over his young, inquisitive son, impatient when Tony didn't understand something or pick up ideas fast enough. And later, when a teenage Tony rebelled against authority and an always disappointed father, deepening the rift between them even more.
, is a better man than him, a less selfish man, and Tony can’t imagine the pain he’s feeling, after all the shit he’s been through, living through 70 years of hell and making it out at least partially whole because his best friend, because
Now, Clint and Bucky sit in the middle of the living room floor, occupied with what looks like a giant coloring book, and they look up when the elevator chime announces Tony’s arrival.
“Sit down, Tony, and eat something. I bet you skipped lunch again, didn’t you?” Tony opens his mouth to deny it but FRIDAY, the traitor, cuts him off.
Tony laughs shortly. “Says the guy who deliberately flew a plane into the North Atlantic.” Steve’s eyes narrow and his mouth opens to respond, but Tony doesn’t want to hear it anymore. He twists out of the other man’s grip, and Steve lets go immediately. Blood rushes back into his hand and Tony knows there will be bruises later. Sometimes Steve forgets how strong he really is. Tony usually tries not to make him feel too badly about it, but he’s not feeling so charitable right now. He shakes his wrist, rubs it, and glares at Steve petulantly. “Jesus, Steve,” he mumbles, looking down at the red marks circling his wrist.
“Nothing,” Tony says, waving away the concern, irritated with himself. Steve doesn’t look convinced, and Tony huffs a sigh, giving in. “It’s nothing, really. It’s just strange, talking to someone like a real person. I don’t do that a lot.”
Tony reaches the door, holding it open and gesturing grandly for Cargo Guy to pass before himself, and he laughs and shakes his head good-naturedly and steps into the cold, Tony following behind.
Tony picks a spot on the opposite side of the bar, almost directly across from where Steve’s sitting. He orders a bourbon when the bartender asks what he’ll have, and Steve winces inwardly. It’s never a good day when Tony goes straight to the hard stuff.
Tony only has to wait 20 seconds before the door opens again, carefully, and Steve pokes his head in. His eyes widen when he catches sight of Tony and he opens the door the rest of the way and then his team is piling into the room, Rhodey and Pepper trailing behind, greetings and threats all tumbling over each other and Tony grins.
“Okay,” Steve says simply, and if he were more of a sap Tony would say his heart soars at Steve’s answer. He isn’t ready to let this go yet.
He leans back in for another kiss before he pulls away completely, walking backwards to keep them in his sight as long as possible. “I love you too. Get to the saferoom and let me know when you’re settled, okay? I’ll be back before you know it.” Steve nods and turns to go, back straight and striding purposefully out the door with their son in his arms, and Tony takes a deep breath, lets it out, and suits up.
Steve looks down at Tony silently before he sits on the coffee table in front of him, knees touching Tony’s.
“Sacrificing yourself is not an option, Tony.” His eyes are hard chips of ice, but underneath the anger is something that looks a lot like fear. “It’s never an option.”
“Well, good luck then, hope it all goes well, stay safe, see you when you get back,” he says breezily, not looking at Steve.
Tony closes the distance between them, stopping just inside of Steve’s personal space. Steve’s hands come to rest on his hips lightly and it’s like they belong there. Tony feels a little bit breathless. Jesus, he’s fucking swooning, and he decides that he doesn’t even care, he’s dying and this may make him the most selfish asshole on the face of the planet but he’s going to enjoy the time he has left, and this right here, he wants this for a little while longer.
Steve doesn't look entirely convinced but he seems to accept it for now. He takes Tony's hand and Tony doesn't think this many people have ever held his hand in his life, but then again he's never had this many people care about him, either. He's not complaining. He actually kind of likes it.
Steve doesn’t answer. Tony looks at him, assessing, eyes far too sharp for how many drinks he’s had. Then he stands suddenly and takes a step toward Steve, reaches a hand out.
Tony and Bruce walk in last, just before 5:30, and by then Steve can't stand still. He's pacing beside the car, probably wearing a hole in the concrete, ready to get to the airstrip and be on their way. Tony claps a hand to his shoulder as he walks by, squeezing lightly, and Steve feels a little bit better as they slide into the back of the limousine and exit the underground garage.
Steve grins despite his nerves and shakes his head. "What would you draw? He's already got the facial hair. Not quite like yours, but…” Steve smirks at him as Tony raises a challenging eyebrow. "Nobody's is quite like yours."
There’s a sharp prick on the inside of his elbow and the pain begins to fade away. This is better. This is nice. He opens his eyes, looks up at Steve. His eyes are red, and he’s looking down at Tony like he’s so scared. His lip is trembling. Tony tries to reach up with the non-pricked arm to rub it, smooth away the tremors, but something pulls, so he can’t. He tries to say Steve’s name but nothing comes out. Steve seems to understand though, because he reaches out to touch Tony’s face, swiping his big thumb underneath Tony’s eyes.
“I get panic attacks sometimes, wake up and think I’m still in that cave. That they’re gonna come in any second and shove my head in a bucket of water, drown me for information.” His shoulders are tense, but it’s almost a relief to say it out loud. Steve just makes a noise in his throat that could be agreement and could be sympathy.
He's seen death, and it always hurts, a hollow ache in his core, but there's something about seeing Tony fly into it willingly that about tears his heart out.
“Tony, it’s Bruce.” Bruce. He's missed Bruce, too. “You’ve been injured. We had to take you out of the suit to restart your heart, but now you’re bleeding pretty badly…" There's a pause, the sound of Bruce's voice murmuring to someone, then he's back. "You need to stay awake. Do you hear me? There’s an evac unit on the way, just stay awake.” Tony tries to nod but can’t move his head, or any part of himself, really. He grunts, but that just makes the wetness bubble in his throat and he chokes.
Partway through his ministrations Tony's grumbling has quieted down, and they sit in companionable silence as he finishes his work. There's a moment when he's done where he doesn't let go of Steve's hand, and he runs a thumb softly over Steve's wrapped knuckles, staring down at their hands like he's puzzling over some thought. Then he looks up and their eyes lock and there's so much swirling in their brown depths that Steve's nearly overwhelmed, he's lost and he's drowning but it's okay because it's Tony, and Tony would never let him drown. Tony has always had his back, even when they're fighting Tony would never let him fall.
“I can’t,” he chokes out. “I can’t do that. I can’t make that decision. I— It’s too soon. She could still wake up, still be okay, she’s Pepper, she’s been away from her desk for too long, she’s probably going crazy inside her own head and she’ll wake up and ask for a tablet and the stock ratings—“ He breaks off, unable to say any more. He sits up, removing himself from Steve’s strong arms and pulling his hand free from Rhodey’s. He rubs his face in his hands, scrubbing his eyes hard with his fingers. They’re gritty and swollen and he’s sure he’s dehydrated.
Now, with the added complication of their relationship, Steve’s protectiveness grows another layer. He’s gotten better with mentions of Pepper but Tony can still see him tense up, and he supposes it’s only fair, Tony did have a pretty serious relationship with her in the not so distant past. But it’s not just her. Tony goes to parties and charity galas now, since he’s got the time and since he’s kind of required to as co-CEO, and he can tell by the texts (or lack thereof) if Steve’s upset when he sees pictures of Tony online or in the tabloids the next day, schmoozing with the upper Elite of New York.
jealous. Wow. Imagine that. “I’ll always love Pepper, she’s been in my life for over 10 years, there’s not many who’d stick around that long. But I love her as she is, like a friend, like I love Rhodey and Happy. Not like I love you.” He leans over and kisses Steve on the cheek. Steve’s arm comes up around him, pulling him into a real kiss, then Steve tucks his face against the side of Tony’s neck.
Tony nods. “Wilson.” He looks at where Steve has stopped awkwardly in front of him, keeping a fair amount of distance between them. “Steve.”
They’re sitting on the couch, watching some sitcom that Steve has taken a liking to and Tony supposes is alright as a background type of show. Tony’s working on a StarkPad, making updates to the newest StarkPhone design and running his fingers through Steve’s cornsilk hair. Steve laughs as some poor guy does something embarrassing in front of a smoking hot blonde, and Tony smiles indulgently. Steve catches Tony’s eye and smiles back at him.
“Get out,” he says instead. Steve’s jaw ticks but he doesn’t move. He opens his mouth but Tony doesn’t care what he has to say. “OUT, Steve.” Friday slides open the glass door behind him, and Steve turns without another word and walks out.
He hears Tony say his name on moans and whimpers and breathless sighs and he wonders if Tony is thinking of Steve from Virginia, or if he’s thinking of another Steve. He’s heartsick that he’s never realized the depths of his feelings for this man before now, but he’s so, so grateful they’ve never done this before as well, because surely Tony would remember the way his body feels and responds to his touches, the way his mouth tastes, the way he says Tony’s name when he comes.
Tony sits in his white plastic chair and waits until everyone leaves. Waits until the caskets are buried under fresh earth and he’s left completely alone. It’s starting to get dark outside, and he wakes up from his stupor enough to stumble over to the new headstone, fall to his knees and put his head in his hands. He traces their names, Steven Grant Rogers, James Edward Stark-Rogers. Steve, with his smile and his eyes and his amazing brain and his sneaky sense of humor. And James, little Jamie, who took after both his dads even so young, stubborn and clever and so beautiful it hurts to think about. Tony lies down and curls up into a ball, body aching, uncaring of the cold or the wind or the damp earth on his clothes, and wishes he could sink down under the ground lay with them, because that’s where he belongs, where they are, because there’s nothing left for him here without them.
Time passes slowly. It’s two whole days before Tony can bother to drag himself out of the workshop, and then he only showers and collapses into his bed that, despite how long it’s been since Steve’s actually slept in it, still reminds him of everything he’s lost. He dreams of Steve leaving him over and over.
“No,” he says, voice quiet, and Tony sucks, why’d he have to bring up how obviously alone the guy is? This is why he doesn’t do conversations with people that aren’t business partners. Because he’s insensitive. Pepper’s told him so. Steve continues before Tony can change the subject. “I’m on leave.” At Tony’s surprised look, he says, “I’m in the Army. Most of my friends are still over there, and I haven’t got any family left, so it’s just me, really.”
Even better, it's Steve. Dorky, artsy Steve who still prefers pencil and paper to any kind of computer or tablet, Steve who brings him sandwiches and juice, who gets up at 5 AM to run and workout and then make breakfast for their team, who tucks Tony into bed when he works himself to exhaustion in the lab. Steve, with his wicked sense of humor and drop-dead gorgeous smile and his utter determination to always do the right thing, even if it's hard, even if they disagree.
After a few hours of wedging every speck of dirt possible under his nails, Tony stood & walked toward the tree line.
“So, it’s fucking weird that we’ve only found one fish and one berry bush. Two sources of food in not even close to the same vicinity. What happened to this place? Did everything get wiped out? There’s no way the only animal on this planet was the Red Fish Blue Fish.”
He hear what sounds like twigs snapping in the distance and breaks into a full sprint instantly, ignoring the branches that whipped against his biceps and calves.
him felt like a stab in the chest. He watch the brunet on the ground as he attempted to calm himself down. After a minute or too, Tony looked back up at Steve.
“Clint’s kids & Sam’s nephews like it and they make me watch it when they visit the compound. I found it swimming around a pond about half a mile away from camp. It was alone accept for a few minnows. Also it’s teal, not blue.”
Somewhere, in the far back of his mind, he thought it was a little nice to have this break from his real world.
“The team probably doesn’t know where we are or should I say where you are, because there’s no way in hell they’d ever come looking for me if you weren’t with me—
Tony heard nothing, but followed Steve along as he headed in a new direction. Sure enough, as they moved further along Tony began to hear what started as a soft lapping that moved into a full bodied splashing. They stumbled upon the flowing body of water that was larger than a stream but smaller than a river. The water looked exceptionally clear.
It was daytime, he guessed only because it was slightly lighter out than the previous night. His face was pressed into the pine needles on the ground and he narrowly dodged some of the lower hanging canopy branches as he sat up. His jeans tugged awkwardly as he stretched his legs & hissed in pain.
Both of their stomachs ached and Steve could feel a weakness in his muscles he hasn’t felt in well over 70 years. But he continued gathering wood for the fire they were hoping to make tonight. It was less misty out today than when they’d first arrived and Steve wanted to take any advantage to get some dry kindling and wood.
He heard what sounded like soft splashes coming from somewhere on his right, and instantly moved towards it. He’d assumed it was the river, or maybe the distant sound of the falls.
“We’re going to need to get some rest before the sun comes up. I say we follow the river, keep it as our landmark. If we keep walking in one direction we should be able to reach some sort of civilization tomorrow.” Steve spoke, his voice a softer intonation of his typical Captain voice.
The biggest issue with not being able to talk to the man was the lack of closure. Steve wanted closure for his um—
They laid down on their backs, legs & arms extended outwards. Steve was exhausted and heartbroken, but right before he drifted off he felt a warm, calloused hand lightly cover his own.
“Hey cap,” Tony said, holding his shirt halfway up with two hands. Steve assumed he was holding something in the divot the shirt was making.
Tony couldn’t even find any comfort in his nearest and dearest science bro considering the fact he was still MIA along with Thor.
Tony held a finger up “if you say I’m sorry one more damn time I’m gonna punch you in your perfect teeth.”
Steve looked at him nearly surprised for a moment but quickly smoothed his expression down and tipped his head toward the tent before moving there himself. He was already laying down on his side by the time Tony crawled in. As much as Tony wanted to face away, he figured the best position for warmth was facing each other.
Her smirk transformed into a somehow more sinister grin, “not so powerful with that suit, are you? It’ll be so much easier when you’re out of the way,
It was smooth not slimy and clearly well fed. It had whisker-like appendages on its face that were lavender. He still wasn’t 100% sure about eating it, but he began jogging back to camp with the ‘fish’ in tow.
They bought cute little houses and raised cute little kids. They went on road trips and watched their kids grow up. Then they grew old and died of a heart attack or some shit.
Steve’s face pinched momentarily at the mention of New York, “so you’re thinking we’ve been transported to a different planet, different dimension?”
Iron Man or not, he was still a regular human in his mid 40s. He lacked the stamina of Steve and wasn’t ashamed to admit it. The soles of his feet were screaming at him to take a rest after only an hour into walking and the scrapes he collected each time he tripped didn’t help the symphony of pain around his body. Steve of course appeared completely unbothered by the entire hike. Tony wondered how much of that was the serum and how much was Steve’s stubborn and self sacrificing attitude.
FRIDAY was able to quickly determine which of the knockoffs was the real Glinda in question and Tony began barreling towards her.
Soon enough Steve was lapping up his own serving of water and splashing more over his face & hair. It was cold but the hike had made both of them hot & sweaty.
His voice came out softer than he’d spoken to anyone in probably years. There was no trace of Captain America in it, no demand or or pressure behind it. It was 5’4” tiny Brooklyn Steve Roger’s voice. The voice he used when he’d comfort his mother, or asked Rebecca Barnes how school was. The voice he used when he & Bucky would lay awake in a tiny apartment and talk about what the future held.
“That’s one possibility,” Tony shrugged. “I was never into the whole multi-universe theories growing up. Honestly I thought it was kind of bullshit, but maybe that was just because Reed Richards was so damn weird and
In every direction he could see the tops of trees for miles. No buildings, no bodies of water, not even any other breaks in the tree line. Just a never ending forest. With that in mind, Steve abandoned his original plan to keep walking in one direction in hopes to run into civilization.
It was dampening his undersuit and making him shiver each time the breeze washed over him. The air felt thick and covered him in sheer layer of mist. It was quiet, much too quiet to even be in the vicinity of New York City. The only sound he could make out was a shallow, even breathing to his left.
Steve knew it didn’t mean much, it was only a little tiff and Tony wasn’t talking about anything else but this morning, but his mouth tugged up at the phrasing. He nodded, “yeah Tony, let’s start over.”
What he’d learned about a week into their return is that that comfort, that plan only worked when he didn’t have to see Roger’s smiling face sitting at his dining table.
They ate about half the stock of the berries before wrapping the rest in an oversized leaf Tony’d found on one of their walks.
Tony looked serious again, “what if it did kill you Steve? Why would that be the better option? If one of us gets out of here it’ll be you.”
He wanted to say something and get them out of the compromising position, but Steve shifted again until his hard cock was pressed directed against Tony’s ass and suddenly the genius had no coherent train of thought. Steve murmured incomprehensibly in his ear and moved his hips, sleepily grinding his own erection into Tony. He let out a few quiet sighs and sleepy moans as he pressed them tightly together. His hand trailed uncoordinated across Tony’s side and ended up resting lazily across the brunet’s hips, hand unintentionally ghosting over his crotch.
Steve half carried half walked with him back to their camp, looking for freaked each time Tony glanced behind their backs.
He was still breathless when he looked up at Steve, “I know, I’m sorry… I don’t know what the fuck I just saw.”
Tony leaned back with his shoulders against the side of the waterfall, head tilting back and mouth opening in a mix of desperate pants & moans. Steve rubbed unabashedly at his erection and craved every ounce of friction he caused himself.
It was nice. One of the only consistent things of their friendship was their working relationship. When they had the same end goal they moved in near perfect tandem, filling in where the other person needed and ensuring efficiency. Tony planned and directed while Steve organized and lifted.
He was in a forest. There was a slightly cyan glow of moonlight streaming in through the thick and full branches of looming evergreens. The soft surface he was laying on was moss. Everything looked so intensely green and blue it looked like a sci-fi movie. His senses were returning to him slowly as he ran his fingers across the plushy moss covered ground. It was cold, probably around the mid 40s. The thin, wet fabric of the undersuit was doing nothing to stop the chill from seeping into his skin.
he was taking this in stride. Mr Man With A Plan would never let any actual emotion through. He was better than the lesser folks. He didn’t have to think twice about what he did because he
things he wanted to say to the man. There weren’t enough words to describe how frustrated, sad, and frankly hurt he felt when it came to his so-called friend. But his earlier outburst was pathetic. No matter which way he looked at it, he was in the wrong.
Tony kept talking but all Steve could focus on was the exposed section of tan skin under Tony’s shirt and the way his hair curled on his temples and the way his eyes lit up as he spoke and the fact that Steve actually thought for a moment that Tony would have
“So I figured it was my turn to find some sort of food. It’s no Pokémon, but I totally raided this raspberry looking bush,” he tilted the hem of his shirt down to show off a large collection of neon blue berries nestled together. “I don’t know if they’re safe, so we can do that whole ‘super soldier guinea pig thing’ you insisted on. Is this planet where they get the inspo for the blue raspberry flavor? I never understood why raspberry flavored stuff is blue. Anyway, I went out and found some good logs & brush for a shelter, but I’ll need your help lifting some of them, He-Man. Then we can work on…“
“I’ve sworn at least a dozen times since we’ve been here, are you ever going to forget about that? It’s been years.”
It didn’t end up mattering as once he actually reached the water and looked around the edge of the wall there was nothing. He stepped out closer to the water and shouted nearly as loud as he could, desperate to be heard over the rushing tumbles of the falls.
He caught his breath, not caring he was currently being propped up by 200 pounds of super soldier beefcake.
“Bingo! Tell ‘em what he’s one Johnny!” He said, earning one of Cap’s famous I Hate Tony Stark eye rolls (trademark pending).
Tony’s eyes met his over the flames. The deep brown of his hair and eyes was bathed in a glowing yellow orange, warming him. Steve kept his voice still barely above a whisper, “I want to tell you all the things I’m sorry for and all the reasons I had for doing things the way I did. I want to tell you about the countless examples I have of not obeying authority, explain to you that I’m not and never have been a rule follower.
Steve scooted a bit closer to the fire, “That’s what I’m wondering. I’m surprised you even found an edible plant, I walked for miles yesterday to even find that fish.”
Let me know any thoughts or comments down below! Let me know if you’re enjoying anything so far. That makes me so happy to read & motivated to write :)
A rustle to his left brought him out of his observational haze and he turned his head to find a familiar set of blue eyes staring up at him in dazed confusion.
“But I’m also sick of being pissed. I am so damn tired of being angry. And I’m even more tired of being scared. Do you know how it feels to be
The gash wasn’t actually that deep once he cleared away most of the dried blood. It was about 1 1/2 inches long & 1/4 of an inch across. Tony scooped and poured the water over his ankle until the water ran clear.
He wanted to kick himself every time he remembered how much his heart fluttered after hearing the words
The silence between the two was painfully awkward now that Tony didn’t have the distraction of trying not to face plant. He knew snapping at Steve earlier was childish and unhelpful. He was actually a little pissed at himself for it.
“Just-Just DON’T! Don’t touch me!” He shoved Steve’s hand off him like it burned, sitting himself down on the ground and placing his fingers on his temples and rubbing.
He originally planned to lecture Tony on the importance of staying together. What he wanted to do was yell at the man for scaring him so badly. He wanted to tell him that he ran around screaming his name, terrified something happened or that Tony left him behind. Steve wanted to remind him they had no idea where they were or what else was here.
“Tony wait I’m sorry I didn’t mean to—“ he reached forward to touch Tony’s shoulder as he walked away.
Fine fellow, really. Held his own role in destroying the only group of defenders the Earth had. Fought so stubbornly against other only other walking definition of stubborn. Steve was a man of black and white: moral and immoral. Therefore, Steve was never particularly keen on the gray areas Tony lived in so much he built vacation homes.
Steve popped a few of the salvaged berries into his mouth after they’d washed them off in the river. Then, Tony brought him to a few different spots of underdeveloped trees that Steve could easily snap into smaller sections.
you I’d be working on safe guards! I sat right in front of you and told you we’d be able to modify them. You think I was
Tony shook his head, “no no no, I’m not eating probably radioactive experiment deer! That is not happening.”
Steve’s stomach decided it was an opportune time to grumble, and he made the snap decision to catch it. The water was shallow enough to walk in with his boots. The fish payed him no mind until he quickly snatched it up with his hands.
”You didn’t trust me with the accords. You didn’t trust me with Barnes. You didn’t trust me with my own parents, my own
In a few months the house arrest rules would be retracted along with Tony’s position as the fellow super humans’ keeper. Then he could go and run off in the woods and drink himself to death for all anyone cared.
From the climate and surroundings alone Tony guessed they could be in the Pacific Northwest, if they were in the United States at all. If they were on Earth at all. If they were in their
something I could figure out with my full lab and about 7 gallons of coffee. We’re out in the middle of the forest with zero gear apart from whatever you keep on your belt & there’s not even animals out here, meaning we’re completely out of luck for food. If we can even managed to
Steve let out a somewhat affirmative hum and quickened his pace just slightly. Tony’s legs were sore from keeping up with Steve’s long legged stride.
“please…” Tony moaned again, and Steve’s uniform pants somehow managed to become even tighter. He watched still guilty as the other man continued to stroke his own erection, speeding up with each movement. Steve squeezed at his own cock in pure desperation, wishing the hands he was watching were on him.
He shouted, “I don’t want to see you, I don’t want to speak to you. I would be so much fucking happier if you were out of my life! I’d rather be back in that goddamn cave in Afghanistan than stuck here with
Tony peeled his left pant leg back and cringed at the large gash across his ankle. He knew he’d gotten some scrapes yesterday, but it apparently the rough terrain he slept on in combination with his violent sleep tendencies opened the wound even more.
Everything he thought or felt about Steve was so convoluted. He was still so angry at the man, but how much did that matter to him?
But Steve hadn’t realized how quickly he came to care about Tony until the man finally opened his eyes after dropping from the wormhole. He knows his face was pretty damn obvious: huge smile plastered on a face filled with relief. It took him a while, a
was obsessed with it. But almost getting killed in a massive wormhole during an alien invasion kind of pushes your limits on what you think is ‘possible.’”
Afterwords, they sat across from each other. They talked about what the team was probably doing now. Were they looking for solutions? What if time passed differently here? Were they able to corral the witch? They both shivered at the idea of anyone else getting sent through a portal. They stopped talking after a bit, and the silence felt surprisingly comfortable.
“I’m just saying,” he held his hands up “it’s it better if the leader of the Avengers get out of here rather than just their parole officer.”
