“I don’t share your conclusion, but the optimism is appreciated, James.” John replied, “It’s something I’m learning how to do again.”
“I’m a maths professor, dear.” Mummy smiled, “And we rather do like to teach and inform, don’t we?”
John forced his jaw not to drop. He wasn’t stupid. He knew well the depth of Sherlock’s devotion, and if he hadn’t known it last week, he sure as hell knew it after this week. He knew. He knew it in the way she accepted him, loved him, pushed him, irritated him, filed every broken spot inside of him. John knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was deeply and profoundly loved and valued, and had known it from the second she had emerged from the shadows in Buckingham. Victor had nothing to do with it, though he did know now how much the man’s taunts had hurt Sherlock. When she loved, she loved fully and deeply, and Victor had attempted to use her vulnerability and her strength for his own gain.
“Don’t be absurd.” Sherlock sniffed, leaning her weight against him, “I am establishing clear lines of communication regarding the tone and development of our relationship, as I have attempted to do no less than sixteen times over the last fortnight alone.”
John scowled, and debating taking the whole load of copies off the shelf and binning them. The bloody paper would see that as fucking interest in their lives. Knowing full well people were watching him, holding a basket of personal care items, as he stared at his own image. John turned away, and he and MacPherson went to the check. He added a Mars bar to their order, because really, he needed the sugar.
She knew clearly what it meant, because slowly, John slid his phone in his pocket. Just as he did, his notepad clattered to the floor, resounding in this hellhole of a lecture hall.
John glanced at Mike as their fingers brushed, “Ah, Sherlock, this is John Watson, an old mate of mine. He was a doctor in the Army. I uh, told him you need a flat share.”
Much of their days, however, were spent tramping about the countryside with MacPherson, who seemed entirely captivated with everything he saw. He chased his tennis ball for hours, desiring so many tosses that even John’s tremor-free arms grew tired. He lolled in the grass, and splashed in cold streams, and had the time of his short, painful, life.
John couldn’t help it. He pulled back, blinked at Sherlock, who tilted her head in her brother’s direction, and returned, “In a decade it is likely that John would have foresworn romance after divorcing an American spy, gone grey, and developed distressing vascular issues owing to poor diet and stress.”
“Victor Trevor.” Molly seethed, “He was a graduate student. If you ask me, he paid far too much attention to Sherlock. She wasn’t even eighteen when he set his sights on her.”
John did not reveal that he was generally agnostic. Instead, he claimed his mother’s faith as his own, though it gave it no comfort. Presently, the chaplain came round, a man in his mid-thirties, young and thin, and a solider. He had puppyish face undergirded by resolve that John had once claimed as his own.
Stop!” John tried in vain to chase away mental pictures of Roger Rabbit and The Dip,
It tore through John like a knife on the heels of his realization. John knew most everything he could gather about Sherlock, but Sherlock didn’t even know his name. “John, actually.”
He felt disgusting. Suddenly, he hated himself. She had the world at her feet, and all he really wanted, all he could think about, was how good it felt to be the center of her focus when her gaze fell upon him.
Two days before they were ready to leave, a shipment came down from Sherlock’s childhood home. The moving team trudged the crates upstairs, leaving John to open them.
When she was ready, having determined whatever it was she needed to know to begin, Sherlock spoke, “I need you to watch MacPherson and begin to pack for him whilst I’m gone. I’m going to the doctor, and I cannot, despite my objections to the policy in place, bring him along.”
“Yeah, I’d thought we could--” It was then that he noticed Sherlock’s hand on the doorknob. “Wait. Where did you say you were going?”
Sherlock was in the middle of suggesting that she would have to give his theory due diligence and research it when the door opened and Father Holmes began greeting them exuberantly, “Oh, you’re here! You’re here!”
Carefully, John unfolded the paper, wondering if he’d walked into someone’s op or had a hit out on him. It wouldn’t be the first time either of those things had happened to him, after all. He was completely in the dark right now, though, and wouldn’t have any contact until he blended into the people sliding onto military transport in the morning. He was John Watson, and he had very little protection beyond his own skills and will to be alive in the moment.
“You want me to sleep in your bed so our dog can have comforting smells?” John clarified.
“In your absence, Nan.” John warned her gently, “We’re here for as long as your holiday.”
John swallowed, and knew that there was more than a pair of knitting needles between them. Each night, by mutual accord, he had ended up in her bed, and last night they hadn’t even kept up the pretense of him starting out anywhere else. After three days, it was a natural progression of their day together. He still hadn’t managed to wake up with her, but he wasn’t going to ask for more than he had any right to want, though want he did, just the same. John knew the tension was palpable between them.
Molly’s brown eyes filled with tears. John shook his head, and left the lab.
“Don’t ‘sir’ me, Captain.” The man allowed, “I retired decades ago.” Still he did not offer his name. “If you are looking for suitable housing, I’d advise you to check in with dear Mrs. Hudson. Her flat is for let on Baker Street, not far from Mummy and me. It would be an ideal locale, close to shops, the tube, all manner of parks, museums, you see.”
John and Carter came upon her in the afternoon, sitting on the edge of the chicken swing. She was scribbling notes, and Carter made no bones about asking, “What’s she doing?”
“No, never.” Sherlock affirmed, “I was at the edge of one, once.”
Later that week, John was struggling back from Sainsbury’s when he noticed an SUV following him.
Sherlock moved away from the shelves she had clearly been browsing, laying in wait for the fly to come to the spider. “This is your medical opinion, Doctor?”
John didn’t care. He knew how to fight dirty. He fought, and he won, and that was all that mattered.
John noticed the headline on
“What do you make of that exchange?” John asked the dog as he reached for a jacket. Time marched so quickly that it would be winter before he knew it.
“John, if I must suffer this event, at least I should have some sort of compensation.” Sherlock left that section behind to dart across the aisle quickly and add some frothy pink dress to his staggering armload, “A dress seems paltry in comparison.”
Physician, heal thyself.
“Me? No, no. I’m quite all right. Trooping the Colour always steals my appetite.” She sipped her drink, “Lovely to have met you.”
Sherlock’s eyes were bright. There were patches of colors on her cheeks as she chatted with Nan. Her pulse hammered in her blueish veins. John found not dispassion in her countenance, but interest, wonder, and when her gaze fell upon him, compassion. Her deductions were swift and sure. He had never expected coming back to be this much, to be this intense, to be this bad.
After a hearty breakfast, John stepped onto the stoop to face the interested press. He waded through the few stalwart reporters, and bade them good morning, but said nothing in response to their queries beyond assuring them that their interest was a bit overblown, as there had not been a bomb anywhere near 221B Baker Street last night. John, on his journey to work, began to draft a update for the blog, checked his Twitter, and made provisions for the next month’s bills to be taken from the bank account.
She and MacPherson were striding away from him when John was left to catch up, both mentally and spatially when it dawned on him that, perhaps, and just perhaps, she had done just that. John shoved his hands in his pockets and hastened along.
“I tried to get Sherlock to go to her father. Mycroft. Anybody.” Molly licked her lips, taking some of the sheen of the gloss with her, and John learned quite a bit from that gesture, knowledge that had him keeping his eyes on Sherlock over Molly’s petite shoulder, “I am her friend, but I was also an adult. I should have forced the issue, but she swore he never touched her.”
John closed down the computer’s records, and advised his patient, “I wouldn’t say that, Mr. Frank, not if you don’t want to find yourself out in the cold.” John did not add that the man had very much required medical intervention, but Mr. Frank wasn’t the sort to be told that the missus had been bang on the money. Mr. and Mrs. Frank loved to bicker, after all.
“Looks it.” John noted that people from all walks of life were queuing up in British fashion for the line to continue on through so that everyone could have a hot meal and a place to eat it on a cold morning in late February, “I’m really alright. Thanks, though.”
MacPherson cried, pitifully whining sounds that were pulled from the pit of his soul. It ripped John in half. The scant moments he stopped crying to pant nervously were hellish in their own way, because he was close enough to hear Sherlock shifting restlessly in her bed, close enough to hear her when she exhaled deeply. It did not take much to keep tempo with the pace of her breathing.
Murray still called her Mrs. Watson. John still denied him chocolate at in retaliation. Still, with every interaction, John began to wonder if being able to see all of the things he saw in people, in the margins of pages, in the way she packed a box, was actually a gift. For the first time, in a long time, his ability to see as he did filled him with wonder and joy rather than reminding him of obligation, expectation, and duty.
He ran. There was only one reason a crowd like that might gather. He shoved through the small group of people, not caring that his back was to them.
“Don’t push.” Sherlock faltered, “Please.”
Well. He’d shot a madman cabby.
Lucy froze as John stilled, and slid her foot forward, to step lightly on the notebook. She picked  it up, and tucked it in her bag. John was already out of the door, by then, stealthy and far too quick, but Lucy had meant what she’d said when she’d asserted she was faster. It was no lie.
These were the people whose power and indifference had seen him booted out the Army, a worker bee amongst others. He would have risen in rank. He never would, not now.
Though he know there wasn’t a soul who would bother the car, it did seem the thing to do. It was, after all, property of the British Government. Never let it be said that John Watson made free with governmental issued property. It was the first thing they told you in basic, and it was not a lesson he saw good reason to abandon.
Footsteps raced towards him. He saw Pete and Hampton. Two more guards were rushing from their places to help. Last time someone had pushed the button, some loon had tried to rip the gun off of someone’s shoulder and had ended up on their back.
“I’ve a gun to her head!” Victor screamed, “I’ve killed and I’ll kill again. I killed Gloria, and I did it in cold blood, she knew and she had to die! Be careful whom you denigrate, Watson! You won’t be so quick to defend her when you know that she used her political pull to keep tabs on you for years, that she—”
Pete slowed to a hasty stop in front of John and took a big bite of his doughnut, the filling dripping onto the ground between them, frosted over once more with the fresh snow. “Have you had breakfast? They’ve got a pretty good spread on, if I do say so.”
Knowing slid into place as John rested easily on his feet. “MI-6? No thanks.”
“I can’t think why.” Sarah’s eyes sparkled, though she seemed uneasy. He supposed the fact that he found Sherlock’s gaze to be warm and curious, rather than cold and evaluative, spoke to his own penchants and his own bias towards his flatmate. He knew who she was, but somehow, Sarah’s body language in this moment was offensive to him on a deep level. There was no cause to recoil like that, imperceptible though it might appear to him. He knew Sherlock saw it.
John chuckled, as she cleaned up after herself and prepared to leave him to rest. “I haven’t got a wife.”
Sherlock rolled her eyes, “No, it’s a former MI-6 agent and a person on the Do Not Fly list.” Sherlock snapped, “Yes! Why else would I have called you except to help my dog?”
Sherlock had nodded off once more, and so John took a long moment to stop the car and simply stare at the house on the hill. The fields were being worked by a neighbor’s son, keen for a farm of his own. Ormond Farm was not for sale, and certainly not to Tom. His son was not half as bad as the father, but John saw them as a package deal.
She had enough data for projections, projections that were altered fundamentally. No longer did she see John as someone with whom to compete, but rather to collaborate. Many great scientists had benefited from the collaboration that only came when they found another mind uniquely suited to their aims. She was entirely confident she had found that person in John Watson.
“Molly.” Sherlock told him, and that was code to tell him that she had her knife in hand, and could begin to saw at the ropes that bound her tightly. John noted that she had dislocated her left shoulder, lending validity to his conceptualization of the struggle, “There is a reason she hates him.”
The long awaited update... Notes at the bottom!
“No, of course not.” Sherlock returned, looking at him as though he had taken leave of his senses, “I have quite enough enemies. He knows my opinions towards him as a person. I do nothing without good reason, John.”
Surprisingly, they enjoyed themselves. John did not allow himself to trust her sobriety, but she was sober today. She had been sober yesterday, and almost two years worth of yesterdays. He would take today, a good today, just as MacPherson welcomed a good today, a better day, with every day that he opened his eyes. He couldn’t change his yesterdays, but MacPherson didn’t let them get in the way of today, and never gave a thought to the circumstances of tomorrow.
John dropped his head to his hands. Why did the entire world persist on thinking that they were married, when he knew for a fact neither of them wore rings. They had fucking eyes, didn’t they? Fanciful busybodies, the whole lot of them.
“Dr. Watson, I oversee a staff of two full-time caseworkers, three part-time assistants, a housing advocate, a volunteer coordinator, a veteran’s advocate, and a few other people.” Janet replied, “The place doesn’t look like much, but we serve upwards of 300 meals a day, and offer service coordination to a smaller number of clients to assist people in finding and maintaining sustainable housing and employment. We serve everyone who walks through our doors, and I haven’t been able to keep a doctor in the place, not for want of trying.”
“Yeah.” The DI spoke, extending a friendly handshake, “You must be John. Nice to meet you. Myc said...”
“The only thing that’s between us is a nine stone dog who thinks he’s a lapdog.” John agreed, redirecting MacPherson gently, to the point that he got the message and trotted off to find his ball that had rolled across the library when he'd dropped it earlier. “Don’t do yourself the disservice of not trusting yourself. I don’t need you to say anything. I just need you to know, before this goes any father, before you are pushed to tell me things you think I haven’t surmised already.”
Mycroft sighed, and slid into the SUV. He no doubt despaired of her entrepreneurial spirit, but Sherlock could see herself now. She intended to go to London, solve cases, and explore the intrigue and danger that awaited her with mindfulness and gusto. After all, London was a world unto itself.
They talked about strategies for tooth care while homeless, and John gave away his extra toothbrush. John scribbled off a prescription for both an oral rinse and antibiotics. Hawker might not take them, but John gave him a sound lecture on their importance, and told him to get word to Sherlock if he had any trouble. He arranged for the shelter to pack him up some extra food to take with his pills today, and knew that would continue.
The man’s laugh was alien to John’s ears. “Soon enough, that will come to light soon enough. Why should I spoil the surprise on a day like today?”
There was one thing he needed to say, one thing he needed to make sure Sherlock understood. “He violated you, Sherlock.”
John didn’t want to call attention to it with Mycroft staring intently at Sherlock, but she looked seconds from collapse. He could only imagine the detail of the scenarios playing out in her head, given how many times she had been captured and held for ransom.
“How do you feel about it, Sherlock?” John asked, knowing that the Work had just taken on another dimension in their lives, “Seriously.”
I was thrown a shower for my dog, before I got him from his previous living situation. I find them more fun than bridal showers, honestly.
John’s attention was pulled back to Sherlock. He was confused. “You’re not a calvary regiment.”
She had a postgraduate diploma in creative writing, too, but that hardly signified. She’d gotten that after a wretched breakup before getting a postdoc with WHO. That had been rough, and writing crap poetry had been her savior. Why not parlay her pain into professional expertise? That was the way of the Woodbines, after all.
“What was your GPS guided sniper routine, then?” Mycroft was far too to the point for John’s liking, “If not you doing your duty?”
“I do apologize, Felmour. My sister will be leaving.” He glanced at the woman as John removed his foot and reached out a hand to the doorman that was ignored, “Won’t you, Sherlock?”
John would be such a good father. They could even use their grandfather’s name. Hamish was a good Scottish name. She made a mental note to start looking up good surrogates in London. Finding one who would meet Sherlock’s exacting specifications wouldn’t be easy. Still, Lucy knew it was possible.
There was, however, an electric kettle plugged in on a small table, complete with a small basket of tea, sugars, and any other thing she might want for tea in the middle of the night. John could see her, as she had been at fourteen, developing an addiction to tea and unwilling to wander down to the kitchens for a cuppa.
“You may go, Felmour. We won’t require any assistance.” Mycroft Holmes allowed, his words propelling the rumpled man to do the door. He glared at John, as though he was too crass and violent to even be breathing the same air, and exited.
He simply wished that the game didn’t include Sherlock stuck in a pipe, likely with a dead body, when it should have found her here, beside him, two steps ahead of him.
The man winked, winked, and said, “At ease, soldier.”
Pipes entered into the drain creating areas of standing water where the water had not yet moved on in the sluggish slope. As it grew darker, he had to rely on his other senses. This drain sucked and he swore to God there were spiders crawling everywhere over him. The water was up to the middle of his calves, and there were likely toxins in the water, because that was his luck.
John thought for a long second, “It seemed the right thing to do.”
“That’s what he was, don’t you see?” Weston swigged his brandy, and John itched to shoot him, to watch the glass shatter as Michael hit the ground in a pool of his own blood, “He was bred for it. You lot fixed him. The damages are because of that, and winnings lost. They’ve been looking for Hector for ages.”
It was, to some small-minded pie-lovers, illogical to call a man she had never met her friend. And yet, she would now do so without a single doubt in her mind. She knew things about John Hamish Watson he did not know of himself, and she accepted them. She accepted them, and she accepted that solely his presence in their shared universe meant that they neither of them were alone. There was another person, out there, somewhere, who had a similar brain chemistry and structure. Though they each walked their own paths in terms of application, she deduced that he would understand her as she understood him.
Fuck.
“Midazolam?” Greg asked, searching his mind.
This was the lonely, misunderstood girl for whom Mike had a soft spot? John wanted to laugh, until he realized that, yes, there was more to Sherlock Holmes that smartness and steel. Anyone who didn’t see that was a fool.
Americans overused that word, as a general cultural trend. However, she could not find fault with his statement. “John would want me to tell you that he was doing his job. However, I…” Sherlock struggled for a long moment, “I have never known him to be anything less in my eyes. Objectively.”
“Well, what would you have me do, magic up a job?” John retorted, her projections hitting far too close to reality. He’d been without a job for less than an hour, and already he was fixated on what he might do in the morning. “I can hardly go on interviews with everyone in London talking about how often we have sex.”
“Yes.” John stepped forward, and petted MacPherson. “You’re a good dog, MacPherson.”
One of the vet techs that wasn’t preoccupied tending to the dog looked at him, “Sir, I’m going to have to ask you and your wife to exit the, uh, pipe. We’ll need to bring your dog up for treatment and transfer.”
After he’d consumed a large slice of cake and half the sandwiches, John washed them down with his own cooled and tepid cup of tea. He had long ago decided to keep personal things off of the blog, because his life with Sherlock wasn’t some commodity, but he did post a few nondescript pictures. It seemed a good mystery for the average reader, and would give those who knew him a space to comment.
He was John bloody Watson. Solider. Veteran of Bart’s. Doctor. Blogger. He was hardly domesticated. Coming around to his chair next to Sherlock, he felt a great paw land atop his brogues, followed by a craggy head, attached to a body that was sticking out from underneath the table.
John sniffed. So what? All John saw was a man who was likely hemmed in by expectation, and limited by his circumstances, same as anyone else.
MacPherson merely licked his stuffed elk, and waited for Sherlock to come home. John hoped that the flurry of indigent messages from Mycroft were distracting her from the insertion process. At the very least, it would give her a puzzle to focus upon as they measured and a relative to insult as they inserted it. Annoying Mycroft, it was clear, was a panacea for many ills and pains.
Sherlock rattled along, “You need to better understand positive psychology, and humanistic approaches. John fundamentally believes in the goodness of humanity, and a limitless capacity for humanity to rise above its mundane interest in division and hatred. He’s simply forgotten that he, too, plays a significant role in this quest, and that he has his own goodness.” She paused, “You are, I trust, at least passingly aware of Carl Rogers? I would start there, and should you fail to at least appear to be genuine in your attempt at empathy, look at more existential modalities. On second thought, perhaps he would be better suited to working with Dr. Phillips. She seems at least competent.”
MacPherson sat, plopping his large hind-end on the floor with precision. “Good lad. Lead on, then.”
She clasped the stainless steel inner bowl tightly in her hand, “I begin to question MacPherson’s ability to appreciate a trip to the country. It appears that he is contented anywhere.”
It seemed, somehow, that MacPherson knew he was home. John set down the leash on the table, clean for MacPherson’s homecoming but soon to be covered anew with experiments, and sat down on the couch with the dog, whose pleading gaze had settled on his face.
She pursed her lips, “Bit of trouble, too, I bet.”
By the time MacPherson had fetched John, Sherlock was just at the point of needing his medical expertise. John wondered if she’d trained the dog to evaluate gunshot wounds, and laughed at the idea as he patted the animal. MacPherson was a lover, not a fighter. He was lazy, lovable, and would sooner run and jump for food than to detain a criminal. God forbid, however, they ever chased a criminal that had some kind of chicken on their person.
John figured that there had been a calculated amount of the drug in the tea, just enough to pull a needle out and insert it into Sherlock without protest. She likely had no memory of it, and he wasn’t about to tell her something she hadn’t asked about her own trauma and assault. Sexually based or not, Trevor had violated Sherlock, violated her safety, her trust, her mind.
centered around a woman who had loved a Captain from afar, carefully considering the match after rejecting it. John thought again that Sherlock was more of a closet romantic than she let on, but he had no intention of taking advantage of her tender heart to meet his own burning desires. He had to be fair to her, treat her with consideration so few people in the world had ever looked beyond their noses to offer her.
Everywhere he looked, he saw people for who they were, could read in an instant their emotions, their perceptions, as though it was written clearly across their face. It felt like a bone-deep knowing he couldn’t shake or ignore, though he couldn’t always say why he knew something. Sometimes, he simply wanted to be able to see a person at face value, happily accept the masks they presented to the world. It was painful to know that he was the odd man out, never able to fit in quite as easily as the others, always having to be two steps ahead simply because he had been five steps ahead and taught himself to backtrack, to blend.
Mycroft fell into step beside her, “Mummy said this infatuation would pass. I note that, despite no connection between you and Dr. Watson, that it has developed.”
“Give it time, Doctor.” The man allowed, “Give it time.”
He questioned it as drums reverberated. Why was he here, amongst all these posh people, who had invitations and cards just like his own? John wasn’t, despite his decorated Army days, one of these people. He’d gone through Uni and his postgraduate work on the Army’s pound, he’d gone to government schools, not Harrow and Winchester.
MacPherson leaped onto the bed, and nudged Sherlock with the glee of a dog that had been woefully abandoned and neglected for hours, simply hours. John slipped through the pocket door just as he heard her whisper good morning. Naturally, she was speaking to the dog, and not to him. John, coward that he was, wished he had given himself a chance to pretend that greeting was for him.
“Good!” Mike said, as he had for more than the fourteen years John had known him, “What are you up to?”
“She was waxing this morning, likely it spilled. See the minor burn, there, and there?” Lucy asserted, earning her confused looks, “It’s Friday. You should look and see if she had a blind date tonight.”
Sherlock dragged the top sheet off of the bottom of the bed, and proceeded to use it like a toga as she moved off to the loo and started the shower before replying. Dropping the sheet, she climbed in and began to speak, “It hardly concerned me. Not only were you woefully sexually incompatible, you dated her largely because you felt you should do. It had far less to do with heteronormativity than you think. As I said, I found it reassuring.”
John rushed to shove the frozen food in the freezer, hiding his frozen cookie dough behind a bag of carrots. For someone who didn’t eat, she did have a penchant for ice lollies, biscuits, cakes, and anything with no nutritive value whatsoever. Sherlock would never look there. He put away the milk, tossed the eggs in the bowl, and shoved the bags under the sink. The non-perishables could wait.
Sherlock merely rolled her eyes at the maleness of their exchange, and completed the combing almost instantly. Likely, she had timed herself with exactitude, and summoned him at a precise interval. Sherlock patted Fritz, and exited the stall.
Once he was alone, John looked around at the stuff on his desk, and declared, low, under his breath, “It’s like Christmas…”
Weston rolled his eyes and moved towards his crystal decanters. “Gentlemen, seriously. The dog’s small potatoes. He’s got every potential to be a great show dog. Do you know how much those fuckers rake in per year?”
John thought as quickly as he could, though it took him a moment to get out the slurred words. “Was there anyone she did talk to that's here?”
“His name is Chowley.” John informed the deerhound, and swallowed.
John smiled a killer’s smile as Anderson as he insulted MacPherson, “He’s got awful shaggy hair!”
He found her fascinating, “Who are you?”
It was bloody well freezing out here. He made a mental note of the weather conditions so as to inform Molly. They were running out of time. If Victor had any sense, he was getting ready to bolt, taking Sherlock’s work with him.
Sherlock bit back acid on her tongue and addressed Dr. Grosseman. “I am a capable research scientist. Dr. Chatterjee has no complaints with my work, of that I assure you.”
The woman working the office had clearly heard the name before, because her brown eyes widened. “What can I do—” she looked at the motley crew in front of the intake desk, and continued, “for all of you?”
Quickly, John looked to Sherlock, whose face had gone a particularly alarming shade of grey. “Where’s MacPherson?”
He’d spent months on the ward at QEHB and now he was leaving. The late spring sun was high in the sky when Harriet Watson came to collect her brother. She was currently four years sober, and settled into a job as an addictions counselor, finally making use of those degrees she’d earned while deep in the bottle. How she’d managed some of the best schools and hardest courses on offer more than half-drunk was a nod to the intelligence she shared with her brother.
Oddly, John wasn’t singing a bad tune, not even weeks later.
When he saw the package on the doorstep, he
“I haven’t antiquated notions, Sherlock.” John replied, wondering how on earth this woman, who was brilliance and light made flesh had ever decided that he was worthy of her, “I’m simply saying that there are factors at play here that need to be openly discussed.”
He was not making a good impression. Sarah Sawyer blinked across her desk at him, “Just locum.”
Sherlock elaborated as John filled in search boxes. “He’s from Norfolk. His father is a landowner, a minor community figure.”
Sherlock was on the edge of a grand sulk after a biting rant that would begin with Newton and end with ripping the cleaner to absolute shreds. Thinking quickly, John looked around for a suitably heavy item, and grabbed it blindly.
“Yes.” John expressed the truth. “A good one.”
John shook his head, “You’re fighting a losing battle. MacPherson’s a part of the Work.”
John rolled his eyes, and patted MacPherson, who was rolling on his belly to obtain attention from John now that Chowley had been banished back to his basket with the firm statement of his name. MacPherson seemed to be rubbing in his location to Chowley.  “He sent them to China to spite you, Sherlock.”
“I’m hardly testing compounds on you.” She scoffed, reaching for the slide that was two inches beyond her grasp. “I’m not giving your ID back, Giles. It is futile. Molly has bodies that I simply must examine. I will not be locked out of the lab by a cake eating, boot licking, bureaucrat.”
John didn’t need to take more than a cursory glance to know that it had been a hunting rifle. He named the model, and they shared a look between them. She had been shot with a hunting rifle just like the one lovingly caressed by Victor Trevor.
“The Americans are going to want to fry him.” Lestrade noted, rubbing his hands over his face, “We’re simply going to get his confession, John. Then we’re going to hand him off.”
Before he fell asleep, John considered the changes in his life that the last week had brought about in the most mundane ways. He now had a side of the bed, the dog snoring on top of his feet, and Sherlock within centimeters of him. Poor MacPherson put the breaks on anything amorous, which was just as well because they hadn’t actually slept in a few days.
“John, do be serious.” Sherlock insisted, “I do wish you would not waste your time reading Heyer novels.”
“It suits your need to empower the poor and disenfranchised, and allows you to apply medical skills that you learned in the Army that are not widely accepted as the norm in traditional civilian settings.” Sherlock affirmed, “It allows you to largely work independently, but remain a member of a team, both of which you deeply value. I think it suits you admirably, makes good use of your competencies, and meets the emotional needs that attach you to your career.”
“John, I swear I can explain.” Sherlock’s face was bloodless, but her voice was rock solid as Trevor pointed the gun at her heart, “It’s not what it seems.”
John sincerely hoped he saw no such thing, or anything like it. After all, the baby had a due date for a reason, and he was facing possible health complications owning to Laura’s lifestyle factors before her awareness of her pregnancy, on top of the gestational diabetes. “Well, then, in that case we’d better review plans for his arrival.”
“Me!” Sherlock blurted, looking at him directly, “Have you lost your mind? I outed a spy, John, in a theatre of war! I calculated new projections every day that went by, projections that assured me I had been the author of your death.”
John’s breath froze in his aching lungs. He searched his memory. There was nothing. Nothing. He didn’t believe any of this, but he knew he was in way over his head. He needed information. “Tell me about her, please.”
John opened his mouth, and closed it. What did Austria have to do with anything? He had never been to Austria. This girl was not safe. And yet, she talked about this like one might talk about nits, or a flu jab.
He followed MacPherson out of the room, and towards Sherlock, who had already lifted the boot and begun to stare at her cases, “Why do they insist on infantilizing me?” Sherlock blurted to no one, “I am twenty-one years of age, nearly twenty-two.”
“Hope is a thing with feathers.” James returned, “Bit of a daft thing to say, I know, but it comes in its own time. It’s not something to rush.”
John was instantly aware of the shopgirl approaching him. She wore a white top and black trousers, and was carrying a few boxes of shoes. “Mr. Watson, these are the shoes Miss Holmes requested. Shall I take them in to her?”
“Of course it is.” Lucy agreed, as John tapped away at his phone, something about sheep’s blood versus human blood, and Mike sent him a fond look, “It’s all your doing, Mike, after all.”
John tried to excise the ghosts rioting within him. He didn’t like being in a place where Hamish John Watson had been at one time. He didn’t like thinking that his father could find him. It shook him until he remembered that he was a trained solider, that he had been a spy. Hamish was afraid of him. He would not come. He had never once come, not even when Mum was dying within the confines of the stone walls of Nan’s house. He heard her laugher on the breeze, and heard her sobs and wheezing when the wind picked up and whipped around him.
Before John could so much as blink, Sherlock was stumbling on trembling legs toward her room. John laughed, wondering just which of them was taking the other to bed. In the end, such distinctions hardly signified.
Sherlock walked alongside the nurse. When she came to the room that contained the click and whoosh of a ventilator, and the beeps of several monitors, she reached out and touched Sherlock’s arm. Normally, Sherlock would have recoiled. She simply froze. The nurse seemed compelled to remind her, “He doesn’t look like himself, honey. He’s still in there. He’s just…in his mind. You understand that, don’t you?”
John paused, and saw Skinny Pete heading towards him, coming down a ramp and hastening towards John, weaving through a queue to get to his side. “Morning, Pete.”
Mycroft sipped his very obviously not supermarket tea, and returned, “Oh, I’m sure you have quite a few more secrets, John.”
John pretended not see it until there were a slew of random comments, some ranging from remarks that he could have done without.
He then made a sweep of the building, and found several bugs. Some of them looked very Mycroftian, but he couldn’t be too cautious. He obliterated them with the heel of his brogues and pocketed the detritus. He knew that act alone would have a black car at the flat before he arrived, if only to allow its occupant vent fraternal displeasure.
John bristled behind his cool exterior. This man had never attempted to know Sherlock, to respect her, and in the tone of his voice John heard mockery. Mycroft’s eyes narrowed, and The Ice Man’s eyes blazed. One did not mock The British Government’s little sister. Greg put his hand on his husband’s arm, and Mycroft relaxed slightly.
MacPherson abandoned rolling around and growling at the newspaper that had so offended his mummy, and sniffed hopefully at John’s raisin bread and butter. John glared gently at the dog, who proceeded to take a running leap and slide into his paper horde, glasses firmly on his face. “When he chews that, I’m not cleaning up the messes.”
She took it, and ignored the comment about her father. John saw it for what it was. They were going to have to talk.
Sherlock revealed, pausing as if hesitating.
“I hardly think you need to worry about money.” Sherlock replied, “You know most of your salary will go into outfitting and supporting the clinic.”
Within a few minutes, he heard splashing above the occasional rumble of thunder, saw lamps, and heard a female voice call out, upon seeing them, “Is there a dog down here?”
Sherlock’s rare smile was crooked and unguarded as she put the napkin in her lap and caught a glimpse of MacPherson. John’s heart skipped a beat just as Mycroft choked on his wine.
“That’s not my fault.” Sherlock reminded him, “As I recall, the encounter that has captivated the minds of others was entirely consensual, and therefore to subconsciously blame me is neither fair nor logical.”
“Well, how do we know they’re experts on MacPherson's breed?” Sherlock began anew, “There are countless variances!” She peered at her phone, and scrolled downward, and began to rattle off information about dog breeds.
“Tom.” John smiled, greeting the man as he came out of the barn, “I’ve made it clear, and so has Nan. The Watsons have no interest in selling off. You’re wasting your breath asking.”
Offering a crumb of information wasn’t a gift. It was test.
Sherlock typed a single word.
He shared a look with the older lady who’d tried to engage Sherlock in conversation, only to be told in no uncertain terms that urgent matters required her full attention. Oddly, 98.67% of her brain capacity seemed to be focused on asking him questions he didn’t know the answer to, and subsequently looking up the answers on questionable websites and cross-checking them on both their phones.
“Sherlock, I’m not kidding. Sterilizing for an experiment does not count as your share of the housework.” John looked around, and saw his laptop open and active on the coffee table. She was here, then. But where was she, anyway?
“Hey, living in London’s incredibly expensive, wouldn’t you agree?”
He decided to act as if he felt the former way, regardless of whether that was true. It couldn’t hurt to be friendly for once, or at least it couldn’t hurt much.
John looked at Mike, who looks to be completely serious. John couldn’t think of any reason why someone would want him as a friend. Him, someone with not only a violent, military past but one with a secret, still violent past that they were incredibly ashamed of, someone with post-traumatic stress and a limp, someone who was a complete withdrawn homebody who didn’t like to talk to anyone and avoided it at what seemed like all costs?
“Sure” John replied, completely lacking enthusiasm.
Either way, he could never have expected this.
John looked up to see Mike Stanford waving frantically at him. John couldn’t believe his eyes, Mike had been his roommate at the college he had attended. He didn’t know what to think, whether he was relieved and happy to see a friendly face or aggravated that he had to deal with another person in a place that he, quite frankly, did not want to be.
“Well, say hello for me!” Mike exclaimed brightly.
“Who would want me as a friend?”
Mike lit up when he heard that inquiry. “Oh, I have been just fantastic. Got a job at the hospital, quite a good one at that. I’ve been doing great, thank you for asking. What are you doing around here? I thought you didn’t like the city.”
“John!” exclaimed a voice that sounded slightly familiar to John.
“I am still not the biggest fan of the city, my sister convinced me to move out here” It was the truth, no need to inform him of what prompted the suggestion and the convincing.
The nickname caused John to flinch inwardly, but he tried his best to not show it on the outside.
“Don’t talk to her much, but sometimes exceptions are made. She’s doing fine, I’m sure she’d be glad you asked” She was very much not fine, and it was one of the reason why they never usually got around to talking. Though all of this Mike had no idea about, and John would like to keep it that way.
They were both quiet for a moment. John savored the silence, the air devoid of Mike’s blabbering. He didn’t mind Mike, thought he was quite nice actually, but sometimes everyone talking and making noise got to him. Sometimes he wished everyone would just be quiet.
John looked around the park. He saw the playing children, the mothers and the nannies. They all looked so happy, so peaceful. So unlike him, and he envied them for it.
“I got shot,” the blunt answer left an uncomfortable feeling in the air and an uncomfortable expression on Mike’s face, so John awkwardly tried to move past it, “Fine, you?”
That comment took John by surprise. It was spoken casually enough, but surely someone looking for another reason for the comment beyond a attempt at friendly small talk would be able to find it.
Mike nodded. “Yes it is, and I’m sure an army pension isn’t much help. And either way, it is probably very lonely. But I suppose there are ways to fix that”
Mike chuckled, although John could not understand why. “What?” John asked him.
‘May I sit, old fella?”
“Mike, Hello!” Mike walked hurriedly up to where John was sitting.
Mike turned to him, an amused expression on his face.
“Good old Harry? Thought you didn’t talk to her much? How’s she doing?”
He sighed, remembering the quiet peacefulness of the country, then stepped onto the sidewalk and started walking. Where to he had no idea.
Mike opened the door, and John followed him through. As he looked up, he was shocked. He didn’t think that the person Mike knew would be terribly disgusting, but he hadn’t gotten his hopes up.
Mike stayed quiet for a minute. “Well, why don’t you try and get some friends?”
John was very confused by Mike’s choice of words, and didn’t know what to expect. He didn’t know what to say.
They were turning onto the road that led to the farm when Sherlock replied, “You rushed out last week. I had to think.”
“She’s brilliant.” Sherlock declared, and that, John knew, was that. Something warm bloomed in his belly that had nothing to do with the fact that he ate half a cake before bed.
“His face is bothering him again?” Hawker was another member of the Network who occasionally popped round for medical care, alarmingly distrusting of both clinics and anyone in authority. Hawker had never had his wisdom teeth out, and his dental care was nonexistent. Though John was not a dentist, he knew an oral infection when he saw one.  “You know, Pete, I’ll take you up on that cup of coffee.”
John spoke before the teen finished, “Sarah—”
“My father detests London.” Sherlock replied, picking up her own fork, though John knew she had no intention of eating it. “Mummy less so. I moved there to escape them.”
John hadn’t needed the data, but the confirmation was nice all the same. John knew Mycroft had cut carbs from the wrinkle in his brow and the jitter in his fingers. He had a headache and was going through sugar withdrawal. John knew the symptoms of mild withdrawal as well as he knew the back of his hand or his NHS number.
Counting to thirty in his head, John bit out, “Vatican Cameos!” and in a flash, Sherlock threw her weight backwards, sending the chair flying, knocking Victor into the pot of boiling acid as the gun John kept as backup in his jacket put a bullet in his heart.
She was one to care for her books, and when envelopes came for their return, John began exchanging them with her in some sort of a lending library. How she sent them without noting an address or even a name through diplomatic channels was unfathomable to John, but she did, even though boxes were irregular and grew even more so towards the second Christmas of his deployment.
“John.” Sherlock called out, gently, “Come in here and close the door. I have a theory.”
She sighed, “I’d saw my own leg off for some relief ‘fine’ or I could probably sleep alright ‘fine?’”
MacPherson came bounding out of the barn, holding a tatty equine brush in his mouth. He dropped it at John’s feet. “Oh, you want a brushing, do you?”
After several months,  Sherlock knew she had lost weight. She said she had lost her subcutaneous fat from her late teenage years, though she knew she had stopped eating, stopped sleeping as she ought to do. Her last two menstrual cycles had been uncharacteristically troublesome. The Doctor John in her mind despaired of her, and told her she was not a swan.
“Bloody Mycroft.” John muttered, following woman and canine to bed. This time, he knew he would wake up in Sherlock’s embrace. It was enough to make him glad of the two hours of sleep he’d be getting this night.
And so, there they were, on every front page in London, walking together to their flat in the soft glow of the streetlights. Naturally, the pictures that took center stage were the ones that featured Sherlock Holmes, her back pressed to their front door, reaching behind her to open the door as John picked her up and—
John was rounding the corner into the library when he heard Victor hissing, “What would you do, Sherlock, if I found your precious doctor?” Thinking quickly, John dropped behind a wingback chair near the door, straining to hear the whispers of the conversation in the far corner, “What would you do, if I told him all you had done?”
Lucy sighed when her iPhone pingged happily.  “Better a mobile than a madman.”
“Mycroft had a lot of work to do. I won’t bore you with the details. What I will tell you is that she begged the nurse to see you, treated the fucking Church of Scotland— or whatever the fuck they call themselves in the States—chaplain with kindness, and let Mycroft deduce her, just to sit by your bedside and hold your hand.”
People had a lot to say. Harry was the first to comment.
John had the sense the Fritz had been Sherlock’s friend and confidante for many years, and so it was no shock to John that he felt as though the horse was telling him he had tarried quite long enough. There was nothing flash or fancy about Fritz, but to dismiss him would be a fool’s venture. There was a bond between woman and horse such that John knew he would never understand it, though he did respect it.
His voice echoed as he continued onward, calling her name occasionally when he deemed it prudent, his body brushing against sediment that had built up along the narrow passage. The darkness almost helped, in that it hid just how small this space truly was in comparison to his body. He wondered how someone had dumped a body down one of these things.
Sherlock stepped back and primly adjusted her clothing around her dislocating shoulder, “But don’t fuss, Mycroft, I’ve already taken significant steps to alter that path of events. I assure you, John shall not be a shell of himself in his dotage, even if he does have the jumper addiction six years ahead of my projections.”
“I’m sure that’s just the thing for her, dear.” Violet smiled, and it was clear to John that she had made a game out of not using her husband’s name in front of John. John supposed he could just ask Sherlock what her father was called, but John recognized the puzzle as a gift from one operative to another.
“They’re the veterinarians, Sherlock, not me.” John reminded her for the seventh time in the last hour. He did not add that the pictures were meant to be soothing.
Sherlock’s splutter was amazing. He had jumped five steps ahead and four to the side of where she obviously had assumed this conversation was going. But he was a doctor, a soldier. He did not complain. He did not complain, especially, about the things he could work to change. “You would have me ask Mycroft for help?”
She didn’t say the game was on. This was no game.
John left the lead on the small central table, and let MacPherson do as he pleased. Naturally, he stayed where he was until Mummy patted her thigh and declared, “There’s my good boy! Let’s go find you a biscuit!”
“No, that’s not DI Lestrade.” Carter swore as he nearly tripped over Chowley, “He’s got dark hair.”
“I am shocked. You are a highly educated medical professional, and here you are, embracing patriarchal notions of sexual innocence.” Sherlock couldn’t quite muster up the proper tone of indignation, and it was enough to set John to thinking about more pleasurable activities. Her voice was a bit hoarse, but it was nothing a cup of tea wouldn’t fix. “I am well, John. You’ve never hurt me, and you certainly didn’t now, and I won’t have you all twisted up over meaningless social constructs.”
John shut the door, so that MacPherson would not hear the shouting and endeavor to hide under the bed, as he did at home whenever he heard shouting on the telly or between the verbal members of their family. Consequently, there were fewer loud noises around Baker Street. He knew what it was to have PTSD and Sherlock would stand for nothing upsetting the dog.
John barely returned it.
“John.” The portly man seemed baffled, “Don’t tell me you’ve gone and found a date here, of all places.”
“Well, then thank God I got Bella to call the vet. Go away.” Sherlock demanded venomously, petting the scruffy creature, who was panting for air in a way that told John he’d been badly beaten and left for dead with a punctured lung and broken ribs, “I’m not leaving him and I can’t move him myself. Go back to your date.”
“Indeed.” She allowed, “But you’ve done more than you share, haven’t you? When the time comes, don’t let that boy put you off. He does mean well. You do understand duty.”
“He has my notes, all of my notes, from University. It was a period of great innovation in my life.” Sherlock revealed, “I am close to discovering their whereabouts.”
John and Lestrade were two of the best men she knew, and she knew they would be close, when they had the chance. Now was not going to be their only, or even their first, chance. “I’m not going to introduce you. If you want to meet John, you’re going to have to wait until he is not incapacitated.”
There was a Wafflemeister down the road, near Baker Street Station. Sherlock liked it there, even if the place was glutted with tourists. She hadn’t eaten today, maybe she had stopped to deduce people and eat part of a waffle. At the very least Jorge at the counter would know if she had been around today. She’d found his pet cat, and now they got free waffles all the time. Well, if the manager wasn't in, that was. John always paid, but Sherlock considered her services plenty of compensation.
“I’m not sorry you quit.” Sherlock declared, staring down the road, looking confidently into a future he himself could not see but trusted to be there because she alone saw it.
“I’ll be in touch, John.” His companion’s beanie hat pressed flat against his skull, his digital watch glinting as he twisted his arm to look upon it, the eerie glow lighting his face for the barest second. “This is business, you get me?”
“You’re their jailor.” Sherlock declared, grabbing the knife from her lethally slim jeans and slicing through the tape that  bound their dog, the blade glinting in Lestrade’s torchlight. “You get paid to harm animals. Do you know what they do to animal abusers in prisons?”
Well, it had never been before.
“You don’t expect me to believe--”
Sherlock’s eyes widened in genuine surprise. John addressed her and her alone, “I can put two and two together and end up with four, Sherlock. I don’t call it deduction, but I can make a passable attempt at inductive reasoning.” There was a reason that Mycroft had thought them uniquely suited, after all. He understood that some might find her picking up where the file left off a bit off-putting, but truly, he knew that Sherlock had been true to herself, and he would never ask that she be anyone else.
So, John thought, here came the blackmail. They’d known to expect it, though John considered it a stroke of luck that he was here to hear it, simply because he wished to avoid having to hear about it secondhand. He knew Sherlock well enough to know she would dismiss it and downplay it, and this was something John could not bear to see dismissed. He also knew she would cheerily omit details if she thought it would protect him.
John knew, on the basis of rationality, and his history of training and being a psychiatric patient, that what he was experiencing was the temporary uptick in his emotions as he finally let go of baggage. He was releasing his past. Of course he felt weightless. He’d been dragging around tonnes of bricks for years. He didn’t know what had helped him to make the shift over the last week, but he supposed it had begun the very moment he had realized Sherlock Holmes was sitting with the chickens with their feathers unintentionally in her hair.
Just as he was about to demand information, Waller took a step back, allowing John to take the lead, “Here we are, Captain. Please do make yourself comfortable, and if you should need anything, we’re happy to assist you.”
Sherlock would never through her familial weight around, for her own reputation far exceeded anything Mycroft might have done. However, what she wanted to do buy him some time to have her alias put into John’s records.
Sherlock swallowed. Finally, Grosseman spoke again, “Lastly, we are agreed that this matter, upon the advice of those involved in his care, will not be brought to the attention of Dr. Watson. We ourselves have no desire to prolong this unfortunate episode nor to derail his progress.”
John laughed, his breath escaping his body in cold puffs, “Are you alright, Greg? You’re welcome to come with me and walk MacPherson.”
John said nothing, though he knew that Sherlock was more cunning genius than bloodless coward. Mummy had hit far too closely to his thoughts, for he had been put in mind of walking into a battlefield of a new sort. As he had once entered Buckingham, he entered the Holmes home. John, in his first glance, knew that this place radiated Mummy and Father, from the lovely flowers in the entry to the absurd painting of some mathematical concept made art.
“Nor a cat.” John chortled, turning around to see MacPherson trying to tap dance his way into fitting into the open suitcase on the floor. It was a medium case, and nowhere large enough to allow the dog to lay down in it, though he was determined to try.
John lifted it, wondering how the hell Nan had managed something like this, because her church group had only just sent them a package with a few board games and hard candy. He had no idea who would send him something, and wondered if was supplies he’d requested upon multiple occasions. Seeing as how they had trouble even getting shampoo, John wasn’t so hopeful. John carted the box to his desk, and sliced it open with a pair of shears there amid paperwork.
“No, it was completely unacceptable.” Sherlock agreed, “I am not a joke. I am not a mooning girl. I am not a silly child running after you in a desperate bid to earn your affections. Everything I’ve ever done, I did because it was the right thing to do.”
"I didn’t know what to do, what I should do.” Sherlock was factually describing the confusion and the lack of anxiety that midazolam produced,  “My brain was functional, but nothing…” Sherlock drew in a breath, and it was broken, ragged. “Could be expressed. Can you imagine, even for a second, what it was to be trapped in my brain, with no hope of escape, no hope of expression?”
Despite the fact that she looked like she had just been put through a wringer washer, she held herself as though she were a queen. No. She held herself like Sherlock Holmes, infinitely more regal and sure of herself than any mortal queen.
“Aw, alright.” Skinny Pete accepted his refusal affably, “Hawker was wanting to see you. He’s got that thing, you know?”
John considered his options as he looked around the packed room. Hawker would sooner die than see a dentist. John couldn’t leave him to suffer, and while technically he shouldn’t touch the situation with a ten foot pole, he knew he was going to help Hawker. It was useless to pretend otherwise, even for a second. “I’ll see what I can do about borrowing a corner of their kitchen.”
They continued silently through the bustle, which thinned considerably once they were inside. John’s polished shoes moved along the freshly hoovered carpets.
Sherlock reached over the seats to unbuckle MacPherson, and reminded him gently, “Be gentle with the terrier, MacPherson.”
John didn’t know if it was something he’d deleted or something he was forgetting due to blood loss. Sherlock had stood by his post and explained his process of deletion to him. Rather to John it sounded like a way to repress and ignore painful memories. “John Wayne isn’t your forte, then?”
John came home from the surgery to find the entire contents of Sherlock’s bedroom, stuffed full with items on a regular basis, all over the siting room. When he picked his way through the maze of items, nearly knocking over a movable clothing rack and a tower of scientific tomes, John paused to listen to the conversation in the next room, “You missed a spot.”
John had done more dangerous work with much less supplies, and so he set to, feeling quite able to put Hawker at ease. The pus from Hawker’s gum was quickly drained, and was not as bad as it had looked upon cursory glance in the canteen. John thought the infection had come from a lack of flossing and brushing, and told Hawker so, adding that if he wanted to avoid dentists he needed to make his teeth a priority.
“This morning’s speculation was spurious, and unfit for anything but kindling.” Sherlock declared, her sleeves barely avoiding catching fire. Nearby, MacPherson was wearing safety glasses and rolling around in discarded sheets of newsprint.
With that, she guided Sherlock over the threshold. There was a chair waiting, probably because of the Chaplain, who cared not that she was an atheist and John rarely darkened he door of a church. Sherlock pulled her eyes from the horrible wooden chair, and felt the bottom drop out from under her world.
“John’s been badly injured in theatre.” Gavin revealed, his voice choked with tears, “Very badly injured. They do not expect him to survive his flight to Germany.”
John did not sleep, even though Sherlock fell asleep fairly quickly with her hand placed gently in MacPherson’s hair. The dog wedged himself closer to her, and Sherlock rolled, almost knocking the poor dog in the face with her braid as she turned.John himself was kept awake by the sound of Sherlock’s breathing, the warmth of her skin, just beyond his fingertips, and the memory of the truth ringing in her voice when she declared him the most virtuous person she knew.
Sherlock nodded. He could take care of himself, and it was time she saw some of that in action. John hadn’t simply been a doctor in the field, after all. It was in silent unity that they emerged from the recesses of the garden, and headed in tandem to the lab, where MacPherson was passing the evening in comfortable solitude.
“Told me to send a fucking plane.” Greg recalled, “I don’t know that she recalls what she said, because she was rattling off medical facts, statistics, started talking in three different languages. Her Mind Palace was in disarray for a minute or so.”
Sherlock breezed easily from the cafe to meet Mummy back at the hotel, wishing she could have stayed to see some of the tension bleed from John’s body as he sipped at that insipid, tasteless brew. She hoped her note brought him some solace. In her most nondescript hand, she had written:
“I’m having company over, remember?” John shot a look at those black velvet Prada platforms, and hoped Sherlock wouldn’t go running through skips in heels like those once again.
When Sherlock ended the call, John blathered on about the shops. He waited approximately until they were back at the turn-off to the farm to get to the heart of the matter. “Sherlock, what’s going on?”
The sight stole his breath. He forgot entirely that he was supposed to be listening to Sarah go on about Sherlock’s wedges.
John got out of the car as Sherlock opened her own door. Nan’s greetings were practical, but John saw the warmth in her eyes and felt it in her hug. She concluded her hellos and how are you’s with, “Well, that was a long drive, wasn’t it? Come along, then. I’ve put on tea.”
“She retired, Sherlock. You grew up, went to Uni.” John realized that this man was none other than Gavin, Geoff, Greg Lestrade, partner of Mycroft Holmes. There was some soothing note in his voice that John understood. For all her bluster, Sherlock Holmes felt deeply. Those who knew her best seemed to be telling John that, from her mother, to her brother, to her brother’s husband.
She kept the John that wanted to hold her locked tightly away. Instead, she conferred with Captain Watson, standing in a tent in some war torn locale that was home to the biggest sky that Sherlock had ever seen, either in reality or in her mind. This John typically helped her solve cases, avoid being shot, and told her how to fend off attackers. Now, though, he simply stood out in the sand, staring down at a pair of dog tags and a helmet that bore his name.
Sherlock had been ranting about him? “I suppose so. John Watson, sir.”
Sherlock Holmes did not need him. She was no doubt as formidable as he’d dreamed, iron willed, and strong. She would never need a broken Army doctor who could not come by a respectable job, or sleep a night through. But as for John, he could tell that he needed her.  He needed her like air, wanted her like sunshine. It was that simple, and that true.
“I sent you a text.” Sarah replied, “May I come in?”
John, respecting her wishes, did not push the subject. Something prodded the back of his mind, but he couldn’t quite put his finger upon what it was or should have been. John told himself that they were both worried about this new game of cat and mouse and went on with their evening, which included bad takeaway and crap telly.
“You’re not going to put him in dresses!” John spluttered, as Sherlock shoved a few hangers his way. He accepted the various garments with trepidation, noting that another shopper was staring blatantly, “Sherlock…”
After John protested her words, he followed the order, and hauled Sherlock out of there. They walked out much the same way they both had crawled in, and when she exited the pipe, her thin top was soaked through with groundwater from having to stand.
John hefted his own rucksack. It had seen him to war and back and he could carry his own things. “I’m ready, Harry.”
John wanted to scream that it was a little late for sorry. He did not offer his sister a hug, nor did she ask for one. He couldn’t reply. He couldn’t absolve her, because to absolve her would be to absolve himself. He wasn’t ready. John looked at her, a face that mirrored his in only the smallest and most significant ways.
oo3. Miles is a character from another movie Mr. C is in that i've borrowed for nefarious purposes from Third Star. I just really liked the parallel of his jumpers in comparison to John's. so I stole him.
In a fit of desperation, and definitely /not/ his brightest moment with his blood currently occupied elsewhere, John pierced himself deeply with one quick hard shove, hoping to simply chance upon his prostate by circumstance. But unfortunately, he had pressed in so deep and so quick that it lifted one of his feet clear off the tub floor and very nearly sent him toppling soapyclean out of the shower. Just as he had feared.
"I thought you were doing well on the patches."
"What in the ever loving fuck Sherlock?!" John bellowed.
On word of Mycroft, Sherlock looked up. "You will write to him?"
"Fine." She said quietly, washing her hands of it all. "What do I care?"
Sherlock sensed John's tension and tried to reassure him from the darkness above. "You're doing very well John. You make an incredible test subject." If it was an attempt at humour, John didn't rise to it. He could do nothing more than release a huff of heavy breath. He was overwhelmed, sweat beading on his brow and upper lip. The ensuing silence making even Sherlock's worry palpable, and when he spoke next it was softer. John no doubt looked as though he was about to meet an executioner.
The moon faced cottage in Essex County had been made for John Watson, formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fuseliers, and he for it. With its darkly thatched roof and bright red door, letting ivy grow wanton across its salt beaten front, as if it too were trying to hide.
Sherlock removed his hand only long enough to shoot John a withering look, as if what John had just described was something totally beneath his scientific endeavors. He took a large breath to signify he was about to treat John to a thorough lecture and began. "The stomach of all species of Avialae are divided into two pouches, John. If you'd paid attention to ANY nature program we've watched, you'd know this.
"Well, of course, you weren't /actually/ brilliant enough to realize that you had solved it. It took me to correlate the specifics. But you were the catalyst John. Press play."
William simply smiled, "and you'll not be wearing those either." Nodding his head towards the ratty brown tunic and green hose that John had managed to dress himself in. The only ones he owned.
John took stock of what he had to offer. His fighting abilities were compromised with the state of his back. The land he worked technically belonged to Harriet and Clara now. The house he lived in was theirs as well. All he had was the strength of his muscles, the steel of his resolve, and the ceremonial armour he had buried in a trunk beneath where the sheep bedded down at night in the far corner of the room. In truth, there was very little of John to give, but he would give it if needed. "To do what, exactly?"
This gorgeous, awful ridiculous man.
By the afternoon, John had made the decision to stop his semi-idle wandering and surreptitiously watch the edge of the Forest instead, to see if there were perhaps a weakness he could exploit.
The nettle of John's parting words no doubt still stung.
"This hole here. Where the spine goes in." John turned the head face-down, tipping the bottom up towards them where the hole for the spine gaped at them like some strange eye, when something else occurred to him. "But Sherlock, if this guy's taking organs to sell on the black market, the brain would've been destroyed being taken out of there like that. It wouldn't be worth anything after. Why do it like that?"
"Yeah. Sure." John's pride prickled a little as he bent to pick up the paper and left, twisting his neck freely against the jolt that burrowed down the length of his humorous. Certainly not the first time feeling dejected, John tended to the fledgling fire and avoided going near the breezy windows. Whatever was eating at Sherlock would come out later, he was sure of it.
"What?"
Sherlock did, meeting John's curled torso that couldn't wait for the time it took him to move. This time, Sherlock let John lead the mission of their mouths. Allowing him full access to the territory that most often had people steering well clear of him and let him take his fill. John needed this.
'Out. Don't wait up.' SH
"You worry your lower lip with your tongue when you're adjudicating, so you're trying to decide if anything from the last string of cases can be /hideously embellished/ into a story. Carl Powers' case is past its statute of limitations and would be of little interest to current readers anyway. You won't write about the Columbian relocation because that story is wholly uninteresting. The tetanus woman is already media fodder so not worth your efforts there. And you won't write about the Golem, because that places us at the planetarium at the time of that Professor's death. Best not to incriminate ourselves with that. So the only thing left to you is the Bruce-Partington Plans, but again you're stuck because you can't write about classified government goings-ons. So you've got nothing.
Each ring piggybacking upon the other.
And when those sea glass eyes swept up and pinned him squarely in place, John was not wholly surprised to feel the shift of understanding rattle through both of them.
Sherlock hummed in approval and dropped his voice as low as a lorry's rumble, sliding his teeth over the shell of John's ear. "You were masturbating."
Sherlock held him through it, kept him tipped up and suspended in the aftershocks, until strong thighs tightened around his head with a claustrophobic whoosh of air. He lowered John against the bed and pulled himself up over the panting man's hips, admiring the spill of spunk.
John watched it make another casual loop around the hunk of gnarled driftwood and live swaying plants, took the last sip of his silty, tepid coffee, and binned it before reclaiming his seat next to Sherlock on the plush leather couch. The detective was practically vibrating, burning holes through the magazine he wasn't actually looking at as it rustled chaotically across his knees.
For John, it was never far away from his mind that the Prince of Castle Appledore had invited him to bed tonight. While they ate, he couldn't help but glance over and see those slender fingers perched so primly on the knife and fork. The delicate way Sherlock brought each small cut of food up to his lips and chewed so carefully.
"Look here. S'alright." John hooked his finger and rubbed his knuckle gently across a rosy, mountainous cheekbone, striving to keep his hardened gaze. "It's alright to not want it. If you never want to have sex, we don't have to."
"So this vic we're about to see was found at Russell Square tube station just around two forty this morning by a maintenance worker. He was dead when they found him." The unmistakable smell of acrid dead flesh met them like a wall as they came within closer vicinity of the post-mortem wing, yet none of them seemed to notice.
John's surprise resulted in a sharp bark to his voice. "Wh-what?! Now? We're in the kitchen."
"Most people try to hide aspects of themselves, thinking it will make them a better person or more well liked as an individual within a group dynamic. But they hide themselves poorly. You, however, are an open book, even without my abilities others see who and what you are as easily as it if it were broadcast. You have no secrets and yet you are unfathomable."
"That would be fore me!" Sherlock had exclaimed and left in a dramatic sweep of blue silk. "Coffee would be appreciated!" Had come a request over trampling feet, that, from the sound of them petering out, meant that Sherlock was rampaging clear down three flights of steps to the front door. A brief glance out the window as he had made his way towards his bureau had revealed a bicycle courier on the pavement. And John had softly smiled.
"Their loss." Sherlock shrugged and took another drag. Afterwards, he raised an eyebrow to John, before extending the cigarette in offering. "Care for a stimulant after your dopamine rush, doctor?"
"So why did you never consider hiring a prostitute?" Sherlock asked suddenly.
"That's where you'll have to go." Sherlock said, standing at John's back now. Close again. Close enough that John could feel the heat coming off of him. Far too close to have been frightened about what John had said and if John needed any more reassurance, Sherlock's hands on his shoulders solidified it. "It could be dangerous..."
"A ten marries a ten. Seven to a seven. I'm still pretty sure that's how the world works." John chuckled, palming the back of his own neck with embarrassment. "So that's, uh, exactly what I thought, actually. Sorry." He just failed to even consider someone from a lower class to even have been a candidate on the radar to the man who felt that all of humanity was beneath him. "Keep talking though. I want to know more."
"Sherlock?"
And then John is pushing Sherlock up and off, pushing him to the ground and following him down to where the world is tipping over because there is no floor beneath them and suddenly John's reaching hand is leaning over the crystal bar to shake hands with Miles, Miles with the thousand watt smile, who's telling him with his own red mouth that 'seeing a mate off is a lucky thing. Getting to be there and saying what you wanted to say. Getting to go out under your own steam.'
The flush of exposure only seemed to add to the heat of John's arousal, and by proxy added to the suffocating heat of the bathroom. At last satisfied, Sherlock leant back and inspected John's pert bum like a patron admiring an oil painting. Even going to far as to curl a contemplative finger beneath his chin in consideration.
"Yeah? So?"
"Lestrade's going to send us stuff even though we left him high and dry at the morgue this morning? That's a bit surprising."
"Yes. Sorry. I saw the lights while I was walking home and thought I might be of help. I'm a doctor." He craned his neck and stood on tiptoes, his heart skipping a beat when he finally clapped eyes on the wraith-like figure standing in his signature Belstaff coat off in the distance. The Consulting Detective all ready for his close up. Still managing to put off a six foot swath of attitude despite being buried in heavy wool.
Sherlock's loud voice splits through the nightmare like shovel of dirt lifting from a grave above and John clings to it desperately.
Sherlock's fine-boned fingers raised in such a way as to splay tip-to-tip before his chin. A gesture akin to prayer, but different enough to not be mistaken as such.
"Listen to me. Here I am, chatting away again! How about I just put some music on, hm? That'll help stop me from trying to fill the silence." Without waiting for an answer, Mrs. Hudson shuffled over to the record player and turned it on, allowing Sherlock's Italian/German opera record 'Donizetti L'elisir D'amore' (that had for all this time been sitting forgotten under the needle) pick up where it had left off.
He knew he was sweating and shivering and moaning lowly now and could do nothing to stop it. His arms ached. His toes flared on the tile. A muscle threatened to cramp in his calf. And it was not but for the grace of the vanity and those genius fingers working him skilfully that he still remained upright, soldered to those kaleidoscope eyes that never left his in the mirror.
"I look pretty damn good in them." Came the unabashed reply.
He honestly couldn't fathom how much longer he could keep this up.
Sherlock paused in his ministrations, letting John's soft bits finally fall free to speak in a voice as deep and dark as penumbras. "John. Rest assured that prophylactics will not be necessary for this." Which took a moment to understand. Sherlock had not been planning on penile penetration at all.
There was a stack of records to his left and a lesser stack to his right. "There. They're properly sorted now." Sherlock pointed to the small stack. "These are the good ones," and then to the large stack he waved his hand as if at a stench. "These are rubbish."
so listen. i'm still reeling from whatever the fuck season 4 was supposed to be. i literally can't even watch it. i feel like the writer's betrayed the very heart of the show they created and it's making it difficult for me to find the pulse of it again. but i am trying, i'd still like to try, because i do enjoy writing this stuff and i still have lots of other stories to tell. but just know that the updates aren't going to be as quick and barring a 'Lost Special' that magically fixes all the shit they fucked up, it's going to take me a while to fall in love with Sherlock again.
Lestrade's face instantly fell while his eyes widened. Sally glanced at him sidelong but kept her composure and suspicion in check, flicking at her hair. 'You're sure?' The DI mouthed in response to whatever the man had said and the awkward paper pusher nodded back in the gravest agreement.
John shut his eyes, trying to remember as best he could, having to swallow down the jagged feeling that kept trying to rise in his throat. Tasting awfully like bile. "The day after I went into septic shock and had to be put on a ventilator...
John took the blanket to Sherlock's hair to cover his oscillations, soaking what would wick away and curling it resignedly about his shoulders to catch the rest.
From his proximity, John could only watch Sherlock through the small strip of reflection he had in the mirror, trying to anticipate the next move from a man that was nothing more than a dark black blur. Leaving only the most minute slivers of pale flesh to flash forth as he moved to kiss John's jawline, then his pulse point, then his shoulder cap.
The man who had filled John's grueling days with soft thoughts and his nightmare-plagued nights with pleasant dreams.
It was a scandal. But one kept secret within the castle walls thank to Mycroft's quick work.
"Wait. Yeah. I think I remember this back from school." John smiled as he recalled it. "Except what I saw was done with potatoes."
"Benefits outweigh it, I guess." Lestrade shrugged. "More people should utilize Sherlock, I think, if they could ever get past their egos. He really does do some amazing work." He fell into contemplation. "I can't imagine what would happen if he was on the other side of things though. Took to the Dark Side. I reckon we'd all be screwed."
"Do you think so?" Sherlock asked despite all the evidence.
Prince Sherlock came to a stop precisely where he had stood before and John imagined he could see the whole of him there. A dark sylph in the midst of his magic.
At the perfect center of this long red room is a massive dining table that stretches from one end to the other. Its top is polished to a glass-like gloss and from the sheer length of it, it looks like it would be able to seat about two hundred people had there been enough chairs. But as it is there are only two. One at the far end and one directly in the middle, right in front of where the red wall breaks away into a heavy red velvet curtain.
"What do you want?" John's voice was as dark as pitch. Rage crawling up inside him.
For the first time since he'd come downstairs, Sherlock opened his eyes, and John was surprised to see ...sadness  swimming in their depths.
It seemed almost too impossible to be borne.
But John only sighed and scrubbed his hand down his face as if in reset. This had always been and was always going to be his decision: "I'm not going to read it because it's none of my business, Sherlock. I didn't ask for it. And when or /if/ any of it becomes my business, I'm sure you'll let me know. I don't need a bloody folder to know who you are or why you are what you are. You are you. And no amount of paperwork is going to make or break my opinion about you."
"I-" Sherlock tried, surprised at how raspy his voice had become. "I ...don't know. I've...never..." It suddenly became important to tell John about his lack of experience.
"What investigation?" Sherlock feigned shock and ignorance with a tilt of his chin. "We're here getting a tooth fixed, Sergeant. Lestrade's not informed me of any investigation in which he needs our help. Although, you're /more/ than welcome to use my services if you wish as it's currently convenient. No? I didn't think so." Donovan's scowl only seemed to sharpen as he spoke, her muscles tight. "As a representative of the Met, I would assume it to be in bad practice to bandy about accusations to casual acquaintances you meet on the street? You're tone could soon be considered harassment." He held up a finger at the cabbie's imploring cough and ignored the mumble of starting the meter.
"I just--" he says, swallowing down something thick in his throat. Drawing back, "I just want to say thank you for being our landlady. For putting up with us as tenants and for all the things you didn't have to do but you always did anyway. Thank you."
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Sherlock turned on him instantly, wriggling out of reach and shouting as if John had just done him a great disservice. "And don't call me Sherlock! God. We're undercover in case it's slipped your mind!"
John takes another step closer.
Doorways suddenly disgorged a mass of skinny, ragged people. Some of them shielding their eyes from the sun as if they had not been used to the brightness of day for a very long while.
"Yeah. 'course." John finally grumbled before descending into a coughing fit. He wiped his sore nose with a wad of rough tissue and closed his weepy eyes against the sting of raw skin. God he must look pathetic. Curled in his chair, trying to be angry while illness ravaged him. An illness that had been a little too effective in wicking away his fury more quickly then he was willing to let go of it. But Sherlock's reluctance to engage with John in any form but on eggshells grated on him intensely and brought it to flare again.
"No." John spat, expecting the diversion and immediately circumventing it. "That wasn't understanding, Sherlock. That was you stroking your own ego. Getting your kicks by having a chat with someone who just wanted to play a game with you. You did it once before with the cabbie and the pills and you did it again last night! That man was unstable and irrational and you walked yourself right into a trap. Admit it. Moriarty caught you with your bloody pants down."
John's voice had risen to a shout, slightly shrill with an undercurrent of desperation and he lowered it to a fierce whisper. "My point is, you engaged an enemy with no forethought. No surveillance. You had no plan. For Christ's sake, you didn't even know what you were walking into. The only thing you did right was to pick a neutral territory, yeah?" He scowled as a smirk began to curl at Sherlock's lips, chasing it away. "No! Even with THAT you couldn't have left out the goddamned theatrics. Instead of going someplace in public, somewhere /safe/, you were too busy being a show off and picked the pool where Carl died and it nearly backfired in your face. In both our faces!"
They took their time eating, comfortable enough in each other's company to let silence settle between them as they did. It felt nice to have a companion they could just sit with, each one taking a turn to glance up at the other, smiling sheepishly and flushing pink  when they were caught.
"Sherlock inquired earlier tonight about gathering together his medical records. He considers them necessary to give to you." He let his umbrella tilt against the inside of his knee and brought his hands up in the similar pious style Sherlock took when he was roaming through his mind palace. The only difference was that when Mycroft did it, it looked unholy. "So I thought I'd drop them off personally."
"But my brother...he told me that it was that act in particular that won the battle before it had even started. Ha!" Sherlock crowed suddenly. "That fat awful wretch got it wrong! Oh I can't wait until his fat arse gets back here so I can tell him."
"What? NO! Absolutely not!" John barked and instinctively pushed Sherlock by the small of his back deeper into the crush, away from the man. He steered him all the way to the side where they popped out by the wall where there was the remotest alley of space to stand. "Sherlock!"
This letter was almost identical to the one that had come before. It was on black paper, written in the same white cursive, but addressed to John this time:
I originally gave myself the deadline of September, but as I gave that a little wave as it went sailing by I set my stoney sights on today and BAM! I fucking did it!! hooray. sorry for the delay.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt6vchVn9Wo&feature=youtube_gdata - Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto in E Minor from Op. 64: | Allegro Molto Appassionato
"They look pissed." John muttered. Meeting Anderson's glare with positive indifference as the two men made their descent.
"Are you afraid of me Sir John?"
His arse inched up a fraction more. The suspense of those hands making him so brainless that John was fighting with every fiber of his being from simply /pushing back/ and getting that contact he so desperately craved. Even if it would only be just a paltry touch until Sherlock chose otherwise.
John swallowed, wiping at his beard and sucking his fingers clean, looking over. "Yes. Of course." It was one of his many fine qualities, his being loyal. 'Loyal to a fault' Harriet would say if she were here.
John 's brow furrowed. "Oh. You will--"
"Lord Sherlock has requested it." William added cheekily, coming down onto one knee and presenting these gifts to John.
Sherlock began a slow pattern: probe, kiss, suck, probe, kiss, suck, smashing them all together and stringing them apart at different paces. Working to get the tight sphincter to open to him, while his hands skidded up and down the tops of John's spread thighs. Surprised to find his own cock pulsing excitedly.
"Prince Sherlock is still recovering from illness. He has been confined to his chamber until there is absolutely no doubt that the sickness will not return for him. The door will remained unlocked throughout the day so that the servants may come and go, but he is not to leave his chamber. No matter what.
He scratched the back of his neck and wondered what they would do now. Maybe he'd get lucky and Sherlock would spend the majority of his time sulking in his room until another case cropped up. John was loath to admit it, but perhaps it'd do them both a favor.
Sherlock was sitting stoically upon the edge of his bed when John came storming in absolutely fuming. He had dressed himself fully in a suit jacket and trousers, shoes and socks, and had his hands clasped between his knees. His head was bowed down to take the brunt of John's fury. And it came upon him as swiftly as a tsunami.
At John's instruction, Sherlock gently rolled the head onto its face and held it there, exposing the underside to the daylight and letting John get a closer look. This close to the water, the cold was burning his eyes and he had to blink multiple times to get them to clear properly. He leaned in even closer, trying to see as best he could.
It's the first thing they have to make right once they get to the top of these fucking stairs, John thinks.
Unlike the predawn quiet of Umberland of the North, Baker Town was absolutely and eerily silent despite it being now midday. All the windows and doors were shut up tight and not even a bird dared to call from the sky.
John spends a minimum two days in hospital; just long enough to make certain that the poison has been flushed from his system completely, before he's checking himself out under the claim that since the rest of his recovery is merely bed rest and a generous prescription of painkillers, so there's nothing more to be done here that he and Sherlock can't very well do at home.
The ghost of a smile faded from his lips, the corners tightening as he watched the bird's head swivel this way and that then titter in warning before hopping away.
/Been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true.
It felt like a kick while he was down.
Sherlock imagined he could feel every muscle as it was shredded from the bird's bones in his own body. Pulled apart in strings of red and pink.
p.s. sorry there's no porn, the boys wanted to chat. ;} next chapter though. promise. just needed an update so you didn't think i'd abandoned it.
"Doesn't he?" Mycroft proffered with an air of omnipotence. He tapped on the tinted partition that separated them from the driver with his umbrella tip and the car stopped. Mycroft opened the door to the frigid night, intending for John to walk back home from wherever they had pulled over, belaying small courtesies. "Good night Dr. Watson. Do give  Sherlock my warmest regards."
"Brother Michael?" Sherlock took up the package like a child given a treat and tore at the string and paper, discarding them both to the floor. The contents of the box were merely a rattle of small things that John was unable to see, but he was more transfixed by the way Sherlock's movements slowed and how he turned to the window, lifting the vial of mud to its light for inspection.
The tiny flame was too dim to cast much distinction upon the young man's rawboned features. Only bright enough now to limn the long thin steeples of his fingers as they were pressed up to his lips. His hands resembling the stilted arches of a roofless church as he observed his feathered visitor and came back to himself.
"Yes sir, that's right. If you'll just follow me." There was a hushed conversation behind him as he led the man and his two companions upstairs, directing them to one of their chairs.
John scrubbed at his face and listened after the detective's slapping feet as he walked about. The floorboards giving away his position in the flat before returning.
The body in the water was long and pale and naked. Caught in a dark lay of seaweed. John went in up to his nipples. The surf trying its damndest to knock him down and he unwound the cold body from its colder lash.
CHAPTER (five) FIVE
He sniffed. "I guess all I really care about is that if Sherlock can get this scene wrapped up quicker with whatever mad explanation he's got for keeping us waiting, I'd be chuffed." He rubbed his bare hands and blew into them vigorously.
"Well, that was anticlimactic." John sighed as they entered 221B, stripping off his gloves. "I'm sorry it didn't--" but Sherlock went stomping by him and wasted no time in heading straight back into his bedroom, giving the door a slam in his wake. His Belstaff and scarf were in a pile on the floor, spread as if flung violently from his body.
Sherlock made to get up, but John stopped his effort by simply tensing all his muscles and trapping him in place. "Woah! Hang on a minute." Despite his small stature, John could be a heavy bastard when he put his mind to it.
He had heard of alchemy, of course, the transformation of matter into other things was well known to many as a practical science, but he had been far too busy toiling in the fields to take his knowledge of it any farther than that.
"Home?" It seems so far away, but even the mere idea of it bolsters John confidence.
His sudden withdrawal had bewildered John. "I do not require--"
He would shove Gladstone from his crotch when she got too friendly and asked her if she was going to eat him when he died. They played with sticks from the yard in the morning. Against the crash of the sea. And drank himself into vicious oblivion at night.
A man who didn't sleep and didn't eat and played the violin like a savant. Who shot the wall and saved the day and shattered John into a million tiny pieces, while filling him with such joy that he couldn't ever hope to define it.
The wall to John's right as he entered was the only one that was different from the rest. It was soaked in foreign wood from floor to ceiling and boasted a large beautifully carved four-poster bed with its black velvet drapes tied back.
Sherlock worked down and around. Lingering. Studying. The accompanying small hand against his face finally having no choice but to pull Sherlock back to task when he stayed for far too long licking between the subtle topography of John's serratus anterior and latissimus dorsi. Because - much to Sherlock's dismissal - supposedly he was doing nothing but 'tickling the shit' out of John's armpit.
John fought down his surprise, before interrupting. "No, no. That's fine. I just don't prefer things over my mouth is all, but this is small enough."
He stared fixedly at the vasoline-coloured agar, which bloomed brightly with large yellow colonies, willing the sight to prod loose this dark feeling like a rotten tooth.
A tight feeling in his throat had been irritating him since earlier, no doubt exasperated by climbing in and out of Mrs. Hudson's dusty cupboards, and while it was the ONE good mark of the sweetened tea that while he drank it, it seemed to quell the scratchiness, when he stopped, it came back with a two-fold vengeance.
The further he perused the crimes section, the more sobered John's feelings became. He didn't expect their affair at the pool last night to have made it into the papers; there hadn't been any witnesses, after all. So he honestly didn't know why he was even searching for it, but he felt that there should have been something, anything, to give reality to their events. To show the world that it had happened. That the moment /existed/. And a new and terrible threat to panhuman wellbeing had been revealed.
Sherlock, for the first time since they'd moved in together, breeched the threshold to his bedroom and strode up to stand in his space. His hair was wild as if he'd been pulling on it, trying to maximize the space for his brain. His eyes that supernova brilliance of solved mysteries. He took John by the shoulders and guided him back until his knees hit the bed, putting him into a sitting position and pushing the laptop into his chest. "What are you on about? Have you solved it?"
"Yes. My sister and her wife."
He came back over to stand too close again, his crystal eyes boring into John like lightning through a tree. "Interesting." He tilted his head. His voice dropping into a whisper that was an octave lower than his usual voice. "Then, perhaps, your congeniality would extend so far as to obtain an item for me? One that, if you were caught trying to acquire it, would see you fined for all you have, would see you stripped of your title, and sent to prison for the rest of your life? Or is there a point at which your congeniality stops?"
"No, it's ...lovely." John hemmed in his laughter before he caused an incident, his heart swelling exponentially as he reached over to pat Sherlock's knee. "Really Sherlock. It's fine. It's all fine. It's just nice to know you can feel that way towards things. Makes me feel ...special." John let his hand stay, wanting to convey his appreciation.
John could still feel the heat from the Prince's hand burning into his skin. "I don't mind."
John chuckled. "You could have just said sorry."
"The Queen Mother has died peacefully at the age of one-hundred and one this afternoon," the reporter says. "The announcement from Buckingham Palace is that the end was peaceful and that the Queen was at her bedside. The Prime Minister's tribute: 'She symbolized Britain's decency and courage. She was admired by all people of all ages and backgrounds. Revered within our borders and beyond.'"
John met his eyes again and Sherlock played harder, looking past his pupils, through them, straight into his brain with so much lust that John felt his own cock stirring and they brought each other erect without a single touch or word. Simply by sight alone.
Sherlock was pocketing his phone as he finally came abreast, the halogen light catching his eyes and turning them the strange color of vasoline in the cross view. He looked like a completely different man than the petulant one he'd left haunting the flat.
A pair of twin windows were set into the wall at John's right, their open tombstone-shaped bodies letting in a heaven's worth of crystalline morning light.
John gasped. "You tell me."
Even still, John was undeterred. He closed the door behind him and stepped through the image's broadcast, walking until his dark silhouette no longer eclipsed it. The colours shifted and slid over his Haversack before righting themselves on the solid white background.
Sherlock quietly watched him eat, his thumb against his bottom lip, thinking on the crushed man.
But Sherlock merely handed him the towel in total silence, his hooded eyes never leaving John's.
"You have a very lovely physique John."
John's face wrinkled with a loose smirk, letting Sherlock continue at his own pace.
Way back in another lifetime.
"Perhaps you are one." John raised an eyebrow and licked his lips as he looked back down at Sherlock's mouth. "You've bewitched me."
"Oh do relax. We'll be doing nothing but benefiting from this. It's not as if he's going to off you while you're sitting in his chair. He's too smart for that."
Behind him, William Murray sat proudly upon a brown horse, dressed in a black leather jerkin, a blue long-sleeved tunic, and an impressive pair of blackwork hose and black boots.
"Of course I am." He says finally, but still doesn't understand when Sherlock refuses to meet his eyes.
"By God's bones! He lives!! Flesh and blood alive!"
Sherlock was leaning back against the wall near the light switch, his arms crossed, his face completely passive. He watched John drip on the rug for a moment, giving him a slow, sweeping full-body perusal before merely cocking an eyebrow in... what? disapproval? interest? but his face had gone back to that same indescernable look.
He knew from personal experience how hard it was to remove a head from body; given that he'd had to dissect quite a few cows' heads during his labs when he'd been training for his medical degree. So what he found was exceptionally curious.
The sudden deadline on his wanking effectively put the last crimp in his style.
When she had come back, she was hauling a yellow caravan. It was bumped and dinged and the door stuck a bit on the hinges. But it had four complete walls and a roof that didn't give him a view of the sky.
"Molly--"
"His cuticles." Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's shrug. "They were shabby. He wouldn't have bought a three-piece suit for that much and not possessed the narcissism to get his nails done. Plus it hadn't been worn long enough to fully smell like him yet."
"Blimey, one hundred and sixty bags?" Lestrade was a bit boggled.
John sat up, letting the down covers fall back. He looked at his watch, then to the detective in turn, unable to open more than one eye at a time.
"Truffled licorice sour, sir?"
Why did people say this?
But as John stood there, unwilling to let himself look, he could feel the Prince's eyes as they scoured him in return. With no humility. But they did not rake across him in the scathing way that the High Steward's had; they instead pressed like fingers through his armour, through his skin, and exposed his insides like the pages of an uncurling book.
Then he saw something that wasn't underclothes tucked away, ripe for plucking. "Oh. Hello. What's this?" He pulled a small brown moleskin book from its secreted place in the far back corner of the drawer. Unsnapping the elastic band and thumbing through the pages.
"You've seen my book of names Sherlock. If I were to start judging people on things like that; I'd be a bloody hypocrite. I've gotten many people killed. I've /killed/ people."
Overall satisfied that his point had been as clear as he could make it, John gave Sherlock a moment of privacy by bending his head to press warm kisses against Sherlock's suprasternal notch. Knowing without having to see that those luminous eyes were now shuffling in their sockets, parsing through the information given and translating it into something Sherlock's brain could understand.
"Seven so far." Sherlock replied coolly, busying himself with rifling through the man's pockets, checking the hems, and stuffing his nose against the armpits and groin of the suit, taking large, audible whiffs. Everyone shifted uncomfortably between their feet as he did it.
Obligingly, the High Steward tipped the neck of it to his lips and took a sip, letting it linger on his tongue for a moment before swallowing. "Melancholy." He confessed. "An excess in black bile."
"It's not the same. Get out!" He pushed the door closed on the detective's face, falling back against it and burying his face in his hands. The shells of his ears felt like they were sunburnt and he'd feared he'd bodged up something awful tonight. Despite all the victories. He'd been very careful to never let something like this happen. He was losing his edge.
"Does this mean you're amenable to discussing things then? Between you and I?" Sherlock rumbled apprehensively as John gave his arms a reassuring squeeze before stepping back, still a little dumbstruck at the idea of being able to do that whenever he wished now.
"I will not require your company any longer today." Sherlock said gently after another comfortable silence befell them. His hands were cupped into each other behind his back and he did not turn his head. "Go and get settled in your new chambers. Have rest, for tomorrow shall be a long and tiresome day. And please do not feel the need to wear any of that ridiculous armour in my presence again. We are hardly liable to be attacked by anyone all the way up here. Good day to you, John."
Harriet and Clara had seen them off before sunrise with tight hugs and watery eyes and promises to send word when he could. Leaving John to shift awkwardly all the while in his full set of armour. He had never quite shaken the feeling of looking like a fraud in it - but he had been assured by all parties that since he would be meeting with a King and a Prince, it would do him well to be dressed in the finest things he had.
Sherlock turns back to the Queen Mother now, having repented his sins. He is infinitely solemn. Calm enough to close his eyes. "So should you continue on with your plan of eating ANY part of Dr. Watson after my death, know that it will come at a price. And it will only be a matter of time to see whether it is the poison or the disease that kills you first."
... .... . .-. .-.. --- -.-. -.- / .... --- .-.. -- . ... / .... .- ... / .- -. / .- -- .- --.. .. -. --. / .... . .- -.. //
John stood stunned for a long while. Sherlock's eyes raking his face for confirmation.
Live animals available for slaughter bellowed, bleated, and crowed furiously. Bundles of cut flowers and herbs twirled in the breeze. Pots steamed. Jars stank. Baskets overflowed. Discarded fruits of every available colour were smashed into rainbow jelly beneath their horses' hooves in the road as they moved on.
All this time, Sherlock had known. Had seen John in pain and had been helpless to fix it.
He'd given himself a jab of this year's vaccine to be safe and had finally headed home.
Sherlock brought the thing up to his eye, then glanced at John and bent his knees a bit to match height with John. He pointed it out the window.
Prince Sherlock turned back toward the window, but this time remained embodied within his person. His gaze outside was of a different sort this time, one that pressed through the cage of diamonds and out into the vast pink sunset that was beginning to give a blush to all he looked over. And for the first time in a long time, appreciated it.
It was not until twilight on the third day that John was able to return to Castle Appledore.
It was as if John's all-consuming anger had broken him somehow.
"I have to go out again." Sherlock said almost hesitantly. The first words spoken in two whole days and it was to tell John that he was leaving again.
I hope you liked it! thank you for your support and I hope you'll stick around to try out some of my other stories. THANK YOU!!
Mycroft's response, when it came, fell heavy and swift, like a sword stroke through Sherlock's torso. Crippling him at the spine.
"Don't lie John. We both know you couldn't do it to save your life," Sherlock pointed out, "and even if you could, it's an aspect of my life that vexes you very much and has for some time now. You don't know anything about any relationship I've ever had and yet you have never attempted to ask. Why?"
And John took his face and kissed his nose and made him promise that which he did not want to. "If you want this Sherlock, then let me see you. You have to be /here/ to have it."
ANP = Afghanistan National Police.
"Y...yes?" John suddenly found his unmoving hands being pushed away, allowing Sherlock to sit up with a slight grimace at sore muscles. He had been bent oddly for a rather long while.
To which Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "You, of course, have no experience getting into nondescript black vehicles idling at the kerb and therefore have every right to chastise me for doing so." If anyone had been counting, they were tied at this point. If one counted the mad cabbie's taxi of course.
"It is useful if I don't want to be found." John said, closing one eye against the dying sun. By his estimation, he had slept for far longer than he had intended to, recuperation still seeming to be a heavy burden for his body and darkness came swiftly in the spring. "But I am no hero."
Perhaps this was just the circumstance he needed to take back what was his.
He and the oxen had been working on their three fields all morning. The first field having already been ploughed, sown with flax, and harrowed so that come Summer the little white flowers would bloom so numerously it would look as though snow had fallen once more.
It could feel the vibration of their violent spills as they went crashing down. Down down down they thundered. Back down the hundred feet below into pools that smashed and crushed and bore into the earth like Titans' fists. Before regathering themselves after having spent their ire and resuming their wandering courses away. Snaking southward through the sleepy valley beneath and out beyond the castle's reach.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, grinning like a cheshire. "Only partially. It is beneficial to learn that you are just as responsive to visual stimuli as you are to the physical. Studies suggest buildup of anticipation to the reward yields the best benefits. But the rules stated previously about sex during cases is still ongoing."
"Wish to marry him? That villain?" Sherlock's face screwed up in bewilderment. "Why would I--" but then his face grew soft. Slack. Surprised. The wrinkles disappeared from between his eyebrows as his mouth fell open. "You felt it too, didn't you? I didn't mistake it." He took two steps towards John and crowded into his space, searching John's eyes. "That very first day."
The man in the foreground stood with a sober expression above the microphones. His face held in a perpetual frown, looking like one would imagine a hard-boiled copper might look this late into his career. Crusty and solemn. As if he'd seen the worst of a bad lot and took it all straight in his features. He had small, dark eyes the glinted flintily despite the overcast day. The fat knuckles he had curling around the podium looked as though they'd been broken more than a few times.
So when he opened the door to their client, he was delighted to find that he met the man eye to eye. He was Asian and stone faced, wrapped up in an expensive suit. His dark black eyes matched the shine of his slicked back hair. Two bulkier men flanked him, using stiff posture to look menacing. John knew his ramrod posture when he took it could rival their's any day, so he swept his arm to the side congenially and invited them in.
But if he could not run and hide, then he at least had to know why he wasn't alone in this. He had to put an end to the doubt that had been swamping him since the Manor house. Doubt in himself. Doubt in his friend. Doubt so dark that it had filled his body like black water.
The sink itself held the last of the meat-eating menagerie, one that was currently positioned uncomfortably close to his toothbrush. It was a singular spray of large, red-mouthed Venus flytraps. Each spiked head yawning wide in hopes of catching a wayward meal.
The rawness of it makes John panic a bit. "Can I have some of my tea?"
"Of course. The King wishes to be kept informed on all aspects of Castle Appledore, be they good or bad. And is especially keen on any news involving his brother Prince. As is his right." And because he had not yet asked, he asked. Always knowing the answer regardless. "And what shall I tell him is your answer for me today?"
"Which is, if you think about it, TRULY staggering as each jacket alone would require at least eighteen hours' labor to create. Look at this work! They were completely hand-cut with scissors; the chest, lapels, collar, armholes, buttonholes, lining, pockets and sleeves are all sewn by hand. Including everything being hand-pressed.
"So go on," Lestrade preceded, "give us what you've got."
"It's nice to see you're finally doing your job Detective Inspector. Despite how rubbish your methods might be." Sherlock softened his frown. "This suit has the signature stitch of a highly skilled tailor, but lacks the ostentatiousness of a commercial one. So it clearly came from a family's personal tailor. Skills passed on through a lineage. His father before him, his before him, that sort of junk. Practically untraceable. You'll have better luck following whatever car bore him here on the CCTV."
"No. But I didn't like you using me to hurt yourself more. So for the record, we're never doing that again...not that way. I'm not putting you through that again Sherlock. You take what you need from me, but no more of you suffering on my behalf. Do you understand?"
Sherlock ate at his mouth, allowing the closeness to proceed as John saw fit, only freezing again when John's fingertips swirled incredibly close to his prick and paused there in the dark curling hair. He pulled in a breath and tipped his chin away with a wet smack, blinking quickly.
John tries hard not to whimper when his broken arm is taken atop Sherlock's own to steady it for the journey, but once he's resettled against the warmth of him and ensconced in the overwhelming comfort of him, his pain and his fear finally flee.
He had come all this way.
John had not had protein since his knighting ceremony and his stomach ached suddenly with anticipation.
The penny dropped and...oh! he realized EXACTLY what the late-night-office-visit-cum-club-foray was really about. Just as their first kiss had been, just as the dentist's visit was; a call to arms, a domestic bit of subterfuge.
Sherlock beamed at John, despite the mention of his sibling. "He always feels charitable during winter. I think it's because it lets him hide his midsection with layers." They entered quietly, so as not to wake Mrs. Hudson and headed upstairs. "Anyway, he was the one who phoned me in the first place. It turns out that he'd just so happened to have exited  a meeting that included Chairman Asano."
He leant back off the door, righting himself. "So ehm, yeah, I'll be downstairs if you need me."
"I never got the chance to ask. How was my brother's monthly abduction of you?" Sherlock asked. "Did you learn anything of significance?" He resumed his seat and removed the sachet from his overly- steeped tea adding sugar and frowning at the lack of milk, before deciding to give it up for lost.
Under the harsh fluorescent light it was easier to see than it had ever been in their bathroom with two light bulbs burnt out. John was able now to look over the laceration with new clarity and fresh eyes, frowning at the unusual markings. "Sherlock? Did you try to stitch this up on your own last night?"
This was a good start. John tried to be softly encouraging, like kindling a fire. "Where'd you meet him?"
"Do not speak to him." Sherlock barked, making his way behind the triptych screen as the woman followed. This was obviously an exercise they had performed many times. "Collect your business and go."
"We made it through three rounds before it went to hell."
Sherlock's head swivels, a look of incredulity smashing through his beautiful features.
"Are you finished?" Sherlock gestured to his ear, long since cleaned and numbed.
Sherlock sniffed the sandwich, looking it over with an appraising eye, before taking a large bite right from the middle. Bread crunching greasily. "Most likely, he's too busy getting ready to have a news conference. He's leaving booking procedure to Donovan so that he can focus on writing a public statement. If he's anything like he was before, he won't allow anyone else to write his words for him, he'll keep Sipe behind bars overnight tonight to soften him up for questioning in the morning, which will give him enough time to contact BBC to inform them of his great accomplishment."
John shifted in his chair, nodding. "Casual, was it?"
"She's a physician then?" John asked, not really certain what had just occurred or why. His only experience with physicians had been the ones assigned to the wounded after the Battle for Umberland of the North and they had done little to actually save his life.
"I'm afraid I was premature on my observations. What we have is obligate. We cannot survive without each other."
He tried his best to ignore it all by curling up on the couch with some more Comvita and bad telly, but he brooded and sniffed while it nattered away and couldn't focus on any of it. And only the loud wallpapers and the bison head and the bullet-pocked smiley face and Billy the skull and the fly timeline and the gifted rock remained his faithful watchers well into the night.
John stops dead in his tracks, taking a moment for one good breath before turning to confront what he has been avoiding all night.
Sherlock seemed to take his time looping his scarf around his long, pale neck. Pulling the ends through the folded part in his customary manner and pressing his long fingers into his leather gloves. He balled them into fists at his sides, looking nervous, staring in his direction the entire time.  "John?"
The dead man had been of medium height, with blondish hair and a muscular build. His chin canted up oddly on the headrest block and there were clear plastic bags over his head and hands to keep evidence in place. These were removed slowly and sealed carefully.
"You weren't meant to see this." Sherlock's voice was small, smaller than John had ever heard it and it sounded so wrong.
In the midst of his tirade and with a grave set to her pretty features, Donovan had made her way down to them. Her jaw was set tightly, her heels ruined from the mud. Her focus was on Lestrade and Lestrade alone. "Gregson's on one, Inspector. He's about to go 'round the twist. He wants all the facts you have so far. He's desperate for anything."
When he looked up to engage the following silence, he found that John had visibly wilted. He'd taken himself back to the bed, unable to stand. His strong shoulders sagging as if under a yolk, with his palms turned up against his thighs.  He looked so small and fragile sitting there, completely belying the ferocity of character. His head was turned fixedly to the ground between his feet, though his eyes were closed. He inhaled and exhaled in light, seeping breaths through his nose. The pterygoid muscles of his jaw flexing rhythmically.
The cab ride, for most of the way, was ominously silent.
"You've no need, John." Sherlock spoke calmly, as if this was all secondhand information. "You've already made your guilt for leaving quite evident, you don't need to apologize." He seemed to know exactly what he was thinking and how he felt. "I still don't understand how you consider yourself to be responsible for the building across the street exploding /in your absence/. It's not as though you laid the bomb yourself."
The e-mail was simple, if not a little gloating. Sherlock dictating precisely how the wording should be in order to for the subject-object-verb sentence structure to be translated correctly into the foreign courtesies. He was openly frustrated at John's henpeck style of typing and didn't fail to tell him so.
