“Dean!” Cas cried out as his orgasm tore through him, striping his chest with his cum. Dean thrust into Cas a few more times before spilling his seed inside him with Cas’ name on his lips.
Cas squirmed. While the thought of that happening sounded hotter than hell, it was not the right thing to say in the first message. This guy also had that cliché photo showing his abs and a tent in his pants. No thanks. Delete.
Almost as soon as Dean got the door open it was closed and Castiel was forced back against it. He locked eyes with Dean. No turning back now. Cas watched as Dean pressed himself up against him and kissed him hard, claiming his mouth as his own. Cas wasn't sure he'd ever been kissed like this before and he wasn't sure he ever wanted it to end. He felt Dean start to pull away and quickly brought his hand to the back of Dean's head to keep him from doing so as he kissed him back with as much force as Dean had. Clearly that was the right thing to do because as soon as he did Dean's hands went to Cas' pants and fumbled with his belt and zipper. As soon as they were undone he felt Dean's hand inside his boxers, stroking him and couldn't hold back the moan. God it had been so long since someone else had touched him like this.
Charlie swam over to where Cas was standing in the shallow end. “A harness? How’d he learn to do a harness?”
Cas felt Dean's hand leave his hair as he moved to take his jeans all the way off. Dean's fingers were under his chin, lifting, telling him without words to rise. Cas did just that. As soon as he was back on his feet Dean attacked his mouth again, moving them to the bed without breaking the exploration of his mouth. Cas felt the bed against the back of his legs. Dean broke the kiss and shoved him onto the bed. Cas started to say something but Dean shot him a look and he closed his mouth. Cas' mind was racing as he watched Dean pull lube from his jean pocket and come back to the bed. They hadn't discussed this. They hadn't even talked about how this would work. It was clear that Dean was very much in control of this situation. Did that mean he was going to top? Cas swallowed hard at the thought of Dean fucking him.
that bleeds through Castiel's being into his own. The angel tries to keep the rush the crescendos within him under control, but the more he tries, the more the truth leaks out. Each image that falls on Sam's shoulders contains a person, a man, a human with green eyes and dirty-blonde hair and a smile that could make women faint of heart. After a breath, or maybe an eternity of breaths, he allows the rest to come out, the regret and the pain of losing the human, the triumph and joy from having rescued him from hell's black hills. Then, the purge. The torrent of souls leaving him, ripping parts of him out as the streamed past his teeth. He gives it all, offers himself on a serving platter to Sam and waits for the verdict.
Dean shudders over the toilet gasping for air as bile forces its way out of his mouth, scalding his throat as it passes. He'd stopped vomiting solids awhile ago, and now his body just seems intent on ridding itself of all liquid. The events of the day don't help, keep washing over him in flashes that leave him gasping and more nauseous still. Sam, with blood around his mouth, painted like a clown, all animal instincts and demon anger. And Cas. Cas, on his knees, stuffing himself with raw meat, trying to fill himself up. Dean could see it in his eyes, the
Maybe It’s imagining when It sees the man flinch, but the echo of that name…it calls out with warm, familiarity wrapping itself around his fingers. Dean. That’s what it called himself when the human, Castiel, asked. But It was just a sound to him. A syllable that rolled off the tongue, though the memory behind it had turned to ash.
“Heaven,” Castiel supplies, stiff lips trapping the words so they're muffled and weak. “Sam trusts me, Dean. And you did too, once.”
When they finally do, Dean looking up at him in confusion for a split second before opening his mouth wider, a need-air reflex, Castiel backs up and their lips part, sticking just a moment, painting Dean's mouth with blood he doesn't remember losing. He's staring at Castiel, tongue tracing gently the lines and indents of his bottom lip, gathering Castiel's essence to be guided back down his throat, to taste, to absorb. He's staring and Castiel just looks back into a wall of confusion, uncertainty pulling the sharp angles of Dean's face even tighter, making him look even more the beautiful, dangerous predator he seems to be.
the dark scratching 'what ifs' that ask, rather nastily, if the god might have remembered him if he'd tried to support him. Somehow. If he'd done what his body had been telling him to do every time the former angel stepped too close, lingered where he shouldn't have.
“Hello, Castiel.” The man sits down, legs stretching out easily and Castiel frowns. The stranger is closed tighter than a safe; the brushes of coiled magic he stretches out are rebuffed, pushed backward like a mother slapping a hand away from a child reaching for a cookie.
“Remember that time you started the car in first by accident?” He asks laughing, though his mouth pulls down a bit at the end. “I told you not to screw around with it, but you just
The voice, one of vague familiarity, sounds in his head, a steady hand in the middle of a rocking ocean. If he could move, he would jerk at the new presence, the new invasion in his body, his mind.
Castiel breaks the kiss with Dean's saliva on his mouth, a light sheen he licks at and swallows down, a moan stifled in his throat. Dean's a second behind, confused as to why they stopped, but he gives no answers as he rises to his feet and his wings spread, flinging the excess water this way and that. Bent knees and held breath would carry him up to the sky, but before he can rise a foot off the ground, a hand clasps his shoulder and drags him back, hard.
Castiel wants to say, and in the distance a part of the Righteous man burns brighter, a searing halo cast from his shoulder; the angel's hand burns.
, a fight his conscience struggles valiantly in until he's pulled up and his pants just disappear, leaving him very suddenly naked and very close to the angel, whose light fingers are now followed by chills as they shift Dean closer to the shower stall to turn the water on.
“All these years, I’ve been here.” Dean gazes at the stars now, eyes lifted to the uncaring heavens that stare back silently, unwilling to give the answers, the explanations he searches for. His voice is thicker now, hitches over words. “I forgot about them. I forgot about Grace and Elizabeth. I forgot why I hurt so badly, every day. Because I’d become a monster. Just like the men who took their lives.”
that the wings are to be seen only by the person with whom you share moments of ecstasy. They're closer, more personal even than sex. If Cas wasn't controlling his lungs, Dean would have lost his breath, like a girl in a corset in those black and white movies he used to catch Sam watching at two in the morning. The wings extend, stretching back, straight. Dean's swimming, trying to stay afloat in the sudden onslaught of energy that washes over him. It circles his heart before heading lower, and though he can't quite feel it, he's pretty sure of what's happening.
“Not quite,” the god waves a hand and Dean is vaulted back to the wall, straps slithering out to anchor his arms and legs, to hold him still, weightless.
The light, he realizes, as his neck snaps up and the glow begins to intensify, is Cas. Lucifer is tearing the angel out of his body.
her name tag glares at him, cockeyed, from the left side of her chest) refills it and he hovers over it a moment, allowing the fragrant steam to rise over his cheeke like the lightest of kisses, lips barely parted.
“I might do things you don't want, Dean.” His hand comes up, fingertips running across his jaw. He doesn't feel it, can't process anything outside the grace that's pressing in from all sides, bombarding him with
He expects Gabriel's eyes to go hard, his mouth to set in that terrifying thin line but if anything, the archangel only looks at him with a curious mix of wistful sadness and regret. He feels both drift over the hair on his arms as the other angel's grace coils around him, an embrace without touching, a connection that sends shudders through him, an animal-moan through his lips into suddenly thin air.
, like the moon slipping in front of the sun during a solar eclipse. His light is fading and Castiel shudders as the screams wash over him, twisted calls of monsters and his human mixed, bleeding into one. He can only watch as the sun goes down on the human trapped in his body, as the soul slips under the surface and falls away entirely, absorbed.
“So, I'm sorry, but I won't be professing any love. Kind of the wrong type of porno, Cas, if you know what I mean.” Breathe, smile, smirk. Pretend that the sentiment he's spewing is true, that he can flick away the shroud settling around his heart, the one that clutches tight as his lips wrap themselves around the word 'love.' But it doesn't matter. Because even if he falters, wavers around the truth just a little bit, he's already got his reaction. The god tilts his head, puppy-dog style, and before Dean can blink or breathe in to prepare his next insult, the scenery changes. The room the god has moved them into is large, furnished with overstuffed couches and chairs. Comfort is wrapped around every object, the used paperback books studding the bookshelf, the tawny gold of the old wood coffee table. But a prison, Dean knows, is a prison, even if it's made to look like someone who has a grandfather's study.
. He breaks off, because the Impala is two states over and useless. He swallows, and continues as if he never paused, “Sammy used a brass pipe last time. If we get to a hardware store, we could probably fashion some kind of lances or sharpened pipes.”
Dean yanks back, breathing heavily, still gripping Cas – one hand on his shoulder blade and one curled into the soft blackness of his hair. Cas opens his eyes slowly, bottom lip already wet when his tongue darts out to moisten it. Dean gets caught on that a little bit.
Cassie nods. “There’s one up the road, near the centre of town. But we still need to track down the nest.”
Dean remembers Cassie and he remembers feeling so goddamn much for her. He remembers wanting her naked and clothed and smiling and pissed off at him,
Laughing out loud, Dean reaches with his free hand to pull Cas into a kiss. “Can’t argue with that logic.”
Cas’s shoulders hunch, just a little. He frowns at his coffee mug. It has a cartoon drawing of the Grand Canyon, a souvenir from their trip two years ago. “I said it would probably be just as nice,” he admits. “I always like having our friends together.”
“Right.” Cas nods. “I suppose – I’ve been talking to her about being a parent. Especially being a parent to someone who didn’t grow up with you. Someone who became an adult overnight.”
Dean lets him go, still breathing heavy and feeling hollowed out. He hands reach up on their own accord to grip the steering wheel, thick and comforting leather.
“Cool,” says Dean. “I’m sure it was scintillating conversation. Did you gossip about me, or did you just compare notes about some old books?”
“Sammy! Stop! It’s Cas!” Dean says, indignantly, as if it’s obvious. He pokes Cas, right on the forehead, and his eyes open in irritation. “Cas, say something.”
They turn the bend and Dean can hear the sound of growling and splashing water and he knows what a body sounds like when it’s thrown up against a wall. He can’t believe this – this can’t be how it –
Cas tilts his head, completely deadpan, and Dean instantly knows he is about to suffer. He might be able to fool everyone else with that expression, but Dean knows him too well to not recognise the twinkle in his eye. Fuck. “You told me you would ensure I lost my virginity and then took me to a brothel.”
and he laughed around a snickers bar. Of course he has a soul, and so much goddamn love in him that Dean sometimes thinks he’s wasted it on a poisonous mess like him.
Somehow, they managed to contort themselves so they’re curled around each other in the corner between door and seat, and Cas has the, quite frankly,
When the party starts to wrap up, and Sam and Eileen beg off to go to bed, and Dean’s been shuffling closer to Cas on the sofa, inch-by-inch, Jack looks at them both and says, “I’m glad we get a chance to be happy now.”
He hears a zipper being done up hastily, and then – and then a middle-aged guy, dressed in cheap plaid and wearing a baseball cap, comes pushing past him, on his way to the car park. He – deliberately – avoids Dean’s gaze, while all Dean can do is stand there.
, but Dean is very happy to leave Cas in charge of that particular jungle. They have to install internet - which Dean gets Sam to do with the classic carrot-and-stick method. The carrot is a homecooked meal using the fresh herbs they’ve found nearby, and the stick is the threat of Dean paying someone else to do it wrong. The electricity needs doing too, but they hire a professional for that at least. Something about Cas not trusting Dean near live wires and Dean not trusting Cas to not overcook the entire system with lightning-shaped grace.
“I didn’t mean to.” Jack pulls back and wipes his nose on the back of his hand. His eyelashes are clumped together, and he’s
“Thank you, Michaela, you’ve been really helpful. Have a nice day – we’ll be back in touch if we have anymore questions.” Dean hangs up, and says to Cas excitedly, “I know what it is. Shapeshifter asking permission to come into someone’s house to feed messily? It has to be a rakshasa.”
“Interesting,” comments Sam in a tone that makes Dean’s hackles rise. He laughs. “Nah, man, it’s alright. Keep it, I’m going to make a smoothie.”
He spends the night and most of the day thinking it all through. He reads other articles, and goes on Reddit, and just scrolls through endless posts. Some of them make sense and some of them don’t. Some hit so close to the bone he starts to sweat.
Sam presses his lips together very tight. Eventually, he says, croaky like he’s trying very hard not to laugh, “
For Dean, he works out pretty quickly that if he wants to be honest with Cas, as they’ve vowed to be with each other, he needs to be honest with
“Sort of,” she says, shrugging with the admission. “It’s gotten easier since that whole God-being-defeated thing – thanks for that, by the way.”
, not when there’s something so tempting before him, something like sin and heaven and all of Dean’s fantasies in a rumpled trench-coat.
“Me too,” says Dean. The fresh air by the docks helps him wake up, and shake the last of the few more whiskeys he’d had before bed. “Have you been busy?”
Dean considers picking a fight. He could. It would be easy, he’d bet. Could pretend Cas was embarrassing him in front of his co-workers, or demand to go home, or whatever. Instead, he reaches out and grabs Cas’s shirt, balls the fabric taut in his fist, and yanks him to him. He opens his eyes only enough to get his bearings as he slams Cas into himself, kisses him open-mouthed and desperate.
"Of course, sorry. You're right, it's his choice whether to come out or not." Sam nods to himself, like remembering the instructions of his Gay Studies 101 class at Stanford.
“I’m Jack,” he replies, with a wave and a smile. The waitress, Fiona, is as helpless against it as everyone else on the planet, and Dean hides his own grin in his sandwich. Then Jack adds, “I’m Dean’s kid.” And Dean chokes a little on bread and ham and lettuce.
on his chest. He wakes up as Dean walks in, that angelic power good for something at least, and squints at him. He must read it on Dean’s face because he jumps to his feet with wide eyes. “You got it.”
“I do. Now, I do believe a celebration is customary.” Cas lets Dean go, and he’s smiling. “Do you want a movie? Back massage? Drinks, drive-in, pie? All of the above?”
Dean grips the wood carving so tight he forces himself to put it down, else he snaps the thing in half.
Eventually, a woman with dark curls and a hand-scrawled “Billie” on her nametag comes over to serve him. “What’ll it be?” she asks, sounding bored.
“This is one version of my true form,” Cas hisses. “If anything, it probably represents my lion face.”
From the corner of his eye, he sees Cas slip under the bar flap door to come around Dick’s other side, to help. So, he’s distracted when Dick tries to swing for him.
“I love you,” says Dean instead, and he threads his hand through Cas’s hair whilst his other reaches round to grab at Cas’s ass and pull him forward.
There’s quiet for a moment, and then Cas says, “What if the Empty does come for me, though? I don’t think the deal is broken, Dean. Not fully.”
In the kitchen, Dean deposits Cas on the table, and forces Sam and Eileen to sit there too while he cooks. “We all deserve a home-cooked meal, right?” He says, warningly, in case anyone dares analyse him right now. He wags a spatula at them all and tosses a tea-towel over his shoulder. He points a thumb over his shoulder at Cas, and says, “You explain.”
Sam pulls back to hold Cas at arm’s length. “I hear you’re moving out. Are you sure you’ve thought it through? Dean is a
And Dean trembles. He can’t – his mouth is sewn together, tarred stuck. His hands rise to cross over Cas’s forearms and clutch him close. And that’s all he can say, for now.
“I can imagine,” Dean mumbles. He can relate to that gratitude alright. Then he frowns. “But you have your grace. You’ve been using it. For the house and plants. And for me. Wait – are you running out of it?” He grips Cas tight in his concern.
Dean bites the inside of his cheek. Finally, he says, “Do you know I used to – I used to suck dick for cash. And now I can’t even do it for free.”
“I was going to ask if you wanted anything from the store.” Dean has faced down Heaven and Hell and worse, and he’s a coward. He’d punch God again, right now, instead. “We’re out of-”
“You always get cash up front, okay? And – you should be using condoms even when you’re just using your mouth. I know they prefer if you don’t, but just charge extra and that should warn off the real assholes. You’ve got a nearby stash, right, of water and anti-sceptic cream? Or do you move around?” He racks his brain, trying to remember the things he always wished someone had told him. “And you gotta use cinnamon, not mint gum, otherwise it-”
And Dean owes Cas that honesty.  “You need to understand too: I can’t hate Jack being God. Not just because he’s better than the old one, but because he resurrected you. Of course I want him to be a child. And fuck knows how much I’ve done wrong by him. And I know he deserves that peace, that chance at a full, unburdened life. But when it comes down to it, I’d choose you both alive than one not, no matter what form you’re both in.”
“That well,” corrects Sam. “There’s so much to all put down. I mean – so much of this stuff will hopefully never come up, not now. I’ve got documents on Gabriel and Crowley and Abaddon. Chuck, even. But it’s kind of good to… to write it all out.”
“You’re still in your first week at your new job,” argues Cas. “I remember from my own period of work that you need to build trust between employer and employee. If you take three days off now, you seriously risk ruining that.”
“I want to be clear,” Cas says. “From now on, we must be very honest with each other. I know that will be difficult, considering our experience of lying to each other most of the time.”
They’re both breathing heavily, and Dean’s looking down at Cas with his eyes blown wide, and it’s impossible to resist leaning down and kissing Cas, hard and pressing him down into the cushions.
He’s waiting for their evening take-out order (Cas insisted on buttermilk chicken and sweet potato fries, so Dean made the journey to the next town over to pick it up) when a familiar voice says,
(For the first week, every time he gets underneath a hood, he swears he can hear Bobby’s voice. One time, he sprays himself with stale oil after freeing the blockage, and standing there, dripping in it, he mutters to himself, “Idjit,” and promptly feels grief seizing his heart like a real fist.)
“No!” Dean says, before he even realises it. Everyone turns to look at him, even Eileen, who apparently just has a sixth sense for when the Winchesters are being dramatic. He feels his cheeks heat, but he marches forward anyway to tug on Cas’s sleeve. “Can I talk to you for a moment?”
Dean watches the others play in the ocean. Charlie’s hair is plastered against her face from salt water, and Eileen keeps trying to dunk Cas into the sea, and he keeps letting her.
Sam grins, and pushes past him for the fridge. He starts pulling out packets of fresh and frozen fruit, whistling to himself. "I'm just pleased for you both," he says, like the little shit he is. "Took you long enough."
Dean feels his heartbeat race. “What are you talking about? I drive her plenty. I just thought it might be nice for you to. Then we can both have a couple of beers. Plus,” and now he plays dirty, leers over her roof, “You look so good behind the wheel, sweetheart.”
Fuck that. Fuck that right off. Dean gets to his feet as well, and sneers, “Right. Sure, frustration at the ‘situation.’ Just fucking say it!” Cas doesn’t respond, and Dean goes for the throat. He can’t help it. He can’t not. He lets out a mean scoff, and says, “What the fuck ever. Maybe if you had
Dick is shouting something about it not being his fault, and Claire is shouting straight back, using curse words Dean hasn’t even
But on the other hand, he’s lived through forty years of weird and unexpected and cosmic fucking trauma. If this – this life, this love, this whole world – is what is at risk if he breaks a deal he made with himself? Then he’s not going to fucking risk it. Nothing is worth that. Nothing at all.
“It’s tradition,” Eileen says, primly. “Now come on inside! Time to celebrate.” And she grabs onto Cas’s wrist to yank him inside before Dean can protest.
“Jody asked me if I wanted to press charges the first time Dick started causing trouble, and I didn’t. No wonder he felt ballsy enough to come back.” Dean’s fists curl on top of the wood. He wants to hit something, desperately and violently. The scabs are still healing from Dick's face, but he thinks it would worth it to split them open and bleeding again.
sexist, he doesn’t give a shit! He stares at the phone, and notices pointedly that Sam does not call him back.
“I bet,” says Dean, ignoring the spittle that lands on his cheek. “Tell you what - why don’t you have a lemonade and some water, and then we can revisit things?” He gestures behind his back, in a motion Cas hopefully translates to,
“Hey!” Dean tries to argue, but then Cas presses a kiss against his cheek, and his ears go hot. He stares at his boots, and mumbles, “I am sorry. For, uh, that particular harmless mistake.”
Dean does a full-body flinch. She must recognise his panic, glaringly obvious, as she deliberately softens her face, and says, “You know, we have a two-month return policy. If maybe you want to take them home to think about. It’s a big decision, if you’re thinking of those for a specific reason.”
and he can’t handle it. He doesn’t want Cassie, not really, not anymore, but it’s an awful jealousy that burns nonetheless.
The bolt of Cas’s jaw works mutinously. Dean glares back. This is not how he saw this going, if he had bothered to predict it at all. Sure, he thought Cas would put him through the ringer, as Dean deserves. But power of true love, and all that – or is that meaningless these days? What happened to doing everything for love?
He spits out toothpaste froth and grips the edge of the sink. He stares down at plug and tries not to spiral down it along with the water.
Cas looks, for his part, mostly confused. He has a little crease between his brow. Dean has the urge to smooth it out with the pad of his thumb - before he remembers Cas got them into this mess, and any charitable thoughts fly away fast.
, you’re-” Cas is babbling above him, and Dean starts to rock his own head, sucking and lapping, and builds a wet rhythm.
“It’s – it’s really good to have you back,” Dean says, interrupting whatever Cas was saying about checking in with the angels.
Dean swallows. He feels cold all along where Cas had previously been resting. “But – he is. And he’s doing a good job.”
The kid is dusting off his knees, brushing the bit of gravel caught in his jeans. He looks up at Dean’s approach and gives him an assessing eye. He doesn’t even look scared. Just – defeated. He says, with a croaky voice, “You like what you heard, big boy?” It sounds rehearsed on his mouth, which only makes it all so much worse. “That’s the preview if you want the main experience.”
“Cas,” Dean sobs, ramping up higher and higher with each searing thrust. “Please, please,” and he’s not even sure what he’s pleading for. He’s drooling against the mattress, a trail of saliva connecting his swollen lips to the mattress. His balls are tight and aching, and he’s so,
, and so sure of it. People on television have been gay or straight or they said they didn’t have labels (which, fine, but Dean could have used a label at least once, apparently). Cas always hangs different coloured flags around the bar during Pride month - but there’s so many. Dean couldn’t have known one of them could apply to
But ultimately, he can’t untangle it from his want for Cas, because when he follows the thought, when he tries to imagine Dr Sexy’s stubble against his neck or shoving a hand down his hospital scrubs – it’s tinged with guilt. He tries to remember how he felt before. He never masturbated to Dr Sexy. Well, that’s a lie, he remembers in a flash. He’s jerked off a few times imagining Dr Sexy fucking another woman, but that’s different. That’s not – the woman was attractive too, on each occasion. That’s situational. Like jerking off to a fantasy of a cowboy fucking a local hooker, or some of the weirder tentacle stuff he’s watched. That’s just flavour, a story to indulge himself when he really has the time to devote to his dick, when he doesn’t have to rub one out in the motel bathroom before Sam comes back with burgers. That’s not
“Dean-” Cas tries again, and un-fucking-acceptable, so Dean bites down mean on Cas’s neck, just below his collar, and starts unbuttoning his shirt. Cas lets out a whimper, cracked by his own deep voice, and Dean hides his pleased grin against Cas’s skin. He sucks a path along the skin he uncovers, along the hair that darkens the further south Dean’s lips wander, until he’s crouching before Cas. Before he can hit his knees, Cas pulls him back up and brings him back into a brutal kiss. He pulls off with a smack, and tries again, “Dean-”
He considers calling Sammy. Maybe he’d come hang out. But the thought proves itself stupid as soon as it arrives. Sam wouldn’t come to a strange bar at 11am on a Thursday. And even if he did – what would he say?
He can’t explain it because he genuinely did not think about it. It came naturally to him – of course he was going to look after Cas’s garden.
one,” says Dean, before immediately changing his mind and saying, “Well, you know what, if anyone does need a holiday, we do. How long have we been working? Thirty years and twelve millennia between us?”
(Dean does. Dean remembers cupping Cas’s soul in his hands and desperately wishing for him to be safe and soft and held. Oh fuck, Dean knows.)
Cas’s big eyes stare at him for a moment longer, and Dean just keeps stroking that same sliver of skin, thin across the cut of Cas’s jawline. Whatever Cas is looking for, he finds it, because his hands (
Dean’s in a good mood, content with his life and not too hungover from the night before. As he works, his eyes keep catching on the wooden bee carving, and it makes him smile each time.
“Bah,” replies Bill dismissively. “I could have hidden it in Timbuktu, and you would have found it.”
He waves that whole point away and rubs a hand over his jaw. “Huh,” he says. “You learn something new every day.”
He catches up with her anyway, and for lack of anything else to comfortably talk about, asks, “How long have you and Cassie – you know. Been…” he trails off.
you.” He’s stammering now, pathetic and stuttering his way through a confession that bares him to the bone. He’s close to something here, a truth that could shatter him into millions of pieces for Cas to scuff his shoe into.
“My room,” says Cas, apropos of nothing, like it’s pulled from him. He curls a hand in Dean’s hair and
He asks Jo to help run the bar with Ash and Claire, and he pays them all overtime. Claire wraps bubble-wrap around the offending corner that Cas hit into, as well as stapling an obnoxious warning label next to it. It’s a joke, except for how she watches Cas when she thinks no one’s looking. He’s the one who organised her foster home, got her this job, helped her with high school homework when she was twenty-one, after all. But Dean pretends he doesn’t see the worried glances, and in return, she pretends she’s not worried. (She gives Cas a hug anyway, in the back room where no one can see them.)
Cas takes a beat to answer that one. Eventually he says, “Yes, I did. I- that was a lot like heartbreak. I don’t blame you, now, but it still hurt very much at the time.”
Many moments later, Cas’s eyes flutter awake. He squints up at Dean and makes a small noise of a question.
Neither one of them says anything for a long time. Dean has never wished more for the Bunker to be conveniently haunted.
Dean lets out a breath. “Right.” He starts to rub Cas’s arch, grinning as Cas closes his eyes in pleasure. Like a spoilt cat, sometimes. “You didn’t go to college, did you?”
He thinks – obviously he doesn’t have a perfect ranking system in his head, and his dick is going to be biased to whoever last held it – but, well, he’s pretty confident that was the best hand job of his life.
Sam visibly softens. “I – I mean, it is nice to be cared for. But I can see you being a little overkill, that’s all.”
Dean bites back a curse at the lost cover story he didn’t think to prepare. He sinks back into his chair and slouches back as Cas leans over, uses his grace to clean away the coffee and repair the computer. He watches the screen scroll under Cas’s gentle fingertip, watches him examine the listing.
Her name is Patricia, and half the interview is proving he knows about cars while the other half is proving he doesn’t isn’t going to ‘mansplain’ her or whatever. (What? Sam’s the one who taught him the word.) He just listens when she talks and answers when she asks him a question. Simple, really.
“But I think, when he died, when Jack was born? Seeing how you were after. That’s when I thought, I never would react like that. Not about Cas, certainly. Not even to my closest friends. The only thing I could compare it to was how I felt after Jess was killed.”
He decides to tell Sam the same day, before he calls the realtor and while Cas is in the library picking out the books on horticulture he’ll start researching with. He raps a knuckle on the war room table later to announces himself, interrupting Sam’s spreadsheets and documents. His latest project is compiling an online bestiary and database for hunters, both aspiring and old-school.
sensitive,” he grumbles in reply, but all she does is laugh at him again. On the one hand, he’s glad she seems to be warming up to him a bit – on the other, he does kind of wish it wasn’t at his own expense.
He fills up Cas’s mug while fighting the urge to growl at her and adds the hazelnut syrup they keep underneath the bar just for Cas.
Blue eyes, deep-set into a broad square face. Tan and stubble and dark hair raked through. Stupid beige trench coat and turned around cobalt tie.
They end up sharing one of the guest room double beds after too many frozen margaritas and tequila shots and Charlie claims the sofa for herself. It feels like nothing to share a bed, pass out inches from each other - but then Dean wakes up before Cas in the morning, and stalls on his way to the bathroom. He gets caught by the curl of Cas’s hair on the pillow and a crease across his cheekbones and the slack of his crows’ feet.
“But,” and Dean can hear the frown in Cas’s voice. “I don’t know why I took this form on the other side. Perhaps the Empty still has my original vessel? Or I had to choose something different to hide from it?”
It’s good. It’s fucking fantastic. Not just for Dean, but for Dean’s desire to give Cas anything and everything he wants. Cas gets looked after and spoilt and kept safe. Most importantly, Cas has acres of land to make into the garden of his dreams.
Dean nods. “He’s a lot better. The swelling’s down, and he’s hasn’t shown any signs of complications. His follow-up is next week, but I’ll let you know how it goes.”
These days, Cas wears new clothes every day. Part of it is blending in with their neighbours, and part of it is that Dean visibly melts every time he sees Cas in tight plaid, and Cas fucking knows it. It’s also part of this new life they’re building. Dean sleeps without the Colt underneath his pillow (he tried it, that first night here, and Cas quickly let him know what his opinions were on
So, here he is, in between his boyfriend and his co-worker, and snorting into his drink as José retells the apparently devastating argument of the pink walls. He lets his hand rest on Cas’s thigh, steady and warm.
Cas looks at him, and Dean can’t help but drink him up. It’s been what, a week? Enough to miss the wrinkles around his eyes and the square of his jaw, the way his hair never rests easy and his brows arch bitchily. Dean’s hand clenches rather than reach out for him.
Dean has Anna and Meg and Hannah – and his own past too, Lisa and Cassie and Rhonda and one-night-stands and demonic orgies – all swirling around his head. Every woman he flirted with easy as breathing. Every pussy he ate and every breast he cupped and every stain of lipstick against his mouth. It’s like his brain is spinning out, like an engine with loose brake pads.
“Yeah.” She sounds frustrated. “I was just leaving Philip’s and his roommate is standing outside. Weird guy, tall and stretched out like, and just staring at me. He’s right in the doorway, and so I ask him to get out of the way or tip me, you know? I had another job to get to, anyway. So then he says to me, all sarcastic, ‘Can I come in?’ He has the key ready to enter and it was just, really weird. So I’m like, ‘Yeah, dude, it’s your house,’ and I leave. Honestly, a super weird dude – you should be asking
So, Dean figures, new setting means new mind. If he can get out of his own head, he can lie back and think of England. He can prove he loves Cas and that he’s gay in one fuck. And then that means that Cas has less reason to leave.
Dean swallows. He says, quieter than he means to, “You got the money upfront, right?” He nods back to the direction the man went to.
Dean swallows, and rolls onto his back so he can look up at the ceiling. He says to it, “Fine. But I know one way that’s sure to get me up there, and you won’t like it.”
His brain is spinning. He gets like this sometimes, and it’s pathetic. Like a cog, stuck on the same notch, jolting and trying again and just sticking again. He knows he loves Cas; he
“It’s okay,” Cas says, shifting onto his side so he can curl lower on the bed. He tucks his hand under the uninjured side of his head. “It makes it all the more meaningful when you do apologise.”
“Yeah,” says Dean, and his hands grab onto the meat of Cas’s shoulders, and he falls back and pulls Cas with him. Cas lands with his weight pressed up all along Dean’s front, and they’re kissing, but it’s important that Dean says, again, “Yes. Cas, yeah.”
Her face sours at the nickname – and so does his own, as he remembers Cas whispering it into his ear, the echo reverberating like fucking stereo sound. He pulls a face, and says, before she walks away, “That was uncalled for. I didn’t – it’s been a weird night.”
But he doesn’t get caught on her. She’s blonde, and he notices her curves by how she leans them over the wooden bar - but what really makes him pause is that she’s flirting. With Cas.
effort in, huh? I bet you’d rather be in Heaven right now, playing house with Jack. I can just as easily watch a movie with a beer by myself,
He’s breathing heavily. He can feel his mouth open and slack but doesn’t have the muscle control to close it.
He keeps Cas in the apartment as much as possible, and in bed or on the couch. He brings him books from the library and charity shop nearby – thrillers that Cas gets bored with, romances that Dean gets uncomfortable with, and history books on subjects Cas declares he already knows about. They watch TV together – Dean falls asleep during more than one documentary, and he orders whole boxsets of kids movies where the characters are all animals (Cas’s secret love). They watch
. That you could have, or like, both. All of the options. I always knew liked girls. They’re great. All pretty and hot and - I mean – you get it.”
“I meant hi. Not bye. Hi,” Dean says. He shakes himself, and rounds the corner, a couple of minutes from home. “What’s up?”
Cas lets out a small groan, and his hand previously on Dean’s jaw moves of its own accord to grip in his hair and pull him impossibly closer. Their lips slide against each other and Dean slides further, body twisted awkwardly to get closer and closer. He wants to breathe Cas in, wants to merge their bodies.
There are a number of times where Dean is very thankful Sam brought Eileen into his life - this is not one of those times.
The bookshelf turns out to be in their living room, because, as Sam sheepishly explains, he bought too many books to fit on the existing one. Dean rolls his eyes at that, even as he shucks off his jacket and throws it on the couch. “Alright,” he says, putting a layabout screwdriver behind his ear. “Let’s do this.”
When he comes back with just a bag of ice and a gas station sandwich, Cas just looks at him with this impossibly fond, knowing look, and Dean wants to dunk his head in the bag of ice until his whole fucking head goes numb.
But maybe Cas doesn’t know, not this part of Dean. That’s what his confession was about, right? That he knew it was something he couldn’t have. He couldn’t have Dean – couldn’t have his love.
Dean only finds out that he has tears in his eyes when one escapes down his temples. He holds onto Cas as tight as he can. “I think you’ve described it well, sweetheart.” He presses a kiss against the top of Cas’s head, because what else can he say? Only that it: “Sounds like you and Jack make a pretty good team.”
“Anyway,” Cassie adds, going in for the kill, which always made her a great journalist but goddamn savage to argue with. “We can work with
Dean’s chin ducks to chest. “I always just assumed you guys were happy. I didn’t know, man. You should’ve said.”
He gets the rings. He tests one on himself, and it fits well. She tells him the other ring is slightly bigger. He tells her that’s great, since Cas’s fingers are a bit thicker than his own, and then he has to walk off his ensuing blush from knowing that.
He starts swiping. The first profile reminds him too much of Jo, so that’s a no, and the next one declares she’s a vegan, so no again. The next one is a guy, and that alone makes Dean pause. Since coming out to himself, he hasn’t – he didn’t think about actually
Dean’s answering smile has a mind of its own as it stretches his cheeks. “Awesome,” he says. “I’ll call the realtor and we’ll put an offer in.”
There’s a few that are clearly made for women, for special occasions and engagements and promises. They have big jewels and small diamonds and swirling rose gold. But there’s one pair that catches his eye for their simplicity. He tries to look away, to refocus, but his eyes keep coming back.
“We’re supposed to enjoy life, now. We fought for the whole world, and we won. This is supposed to be our retirement.”
The rookie shrugs. “Fair enough. It’s good they’ve got plenty of feds on the case, whatever cars you guys are driving. The murders have the whole town shook up, you know?”
Dean’s heart twists and cuts off its own circulation, blackens and shrivels within him. His hand falls back to his side from where it reached out. Desperate now, he pleads, “You
“I let him.” Cas' weight is pressed into Dean, pinning him to the sink, forcing him to lean back a little that gives the angel better access to his neck. “He threatened your life if I didn't cooperate. I let him in.” Dean feels him smile against his skin. “It was mostly an act, though your brother beat me to vanquishing him.”
“Who said I was trying to win in the first place?” If he licked his lips now, he'd catch the corner of the god's mouth, would taste dry skin and salt and the remnants of Cas, maybe. The idea races across his tongue, an urge that won't make it past his steel wall willpower.
The god doesn't need to be told twice. He opens himself wide, arms splayed, welcoming Dean, ready to add to his countless collection. Dean moves past the god's surface like wind filtering through trees. He's surrounded, buffered by the power that presses in on all sides, asking to take him in, to absorb him and make him
he tells Dean, who imagines a smile on the angel's—or, his host's—face as he whispers it, the words skittering through Dean, almost tickling. It's so much to take, all light and energy and
Dean's hands stiffen on Cas' hips. They've come full circle, almost back where they started, though major things have changed. And still, he can't keep his brother from getting hurt, from the demons on the outside that exacerbate the ones within. The screams haven't started yet, and they'll probably be quieter this time because now Sam
of where they are. Boundaries have been left behind, windows opened and blinds drawn back to bare the souls of two creatures more alike than they know.
understands that the blood is wrong and evil and only stains the blackness in him further, like a paper towel soaking up ink. Sometimes Dean's not sure how much clean surface Sam has left in him.
“Humanity 101, Cas.” Dean matches pitch now, the words rough, low. He tells himself it's from the stress of hearing,
now, refractions of grief-salted water waiting just a moment before their escape, a tumble down stubbled terrain. “What are you?”
He's twisted inside out, stretched and knotted, consciousness hanging by a thread, but he isn't alone.
“Your will,” the god smiles, a quiet little pull of the mouth, a rarity when he was an angel and unsettling as snow in August, “means nothing to me.”
God is not his father anymore, not anything Castiel can look up to or call his own. Not when the souls feed from his anger like this, eat it up with blood-coated teeth and call for more, more ire and fury and flying fists that want to strike out at the creator who left him to become the monster he is.
Oh, how his words affect Dean. His poker face is good, but Castiel breathes in the wrenching feeling of a rug being slipped out from beneath feet, a bottom dropping out with no safety net. Dean’s confusion is thick, his mind torn by the weight of new, familiar humanity, the grief he never dealt with and the promise, the idea of something good that slips away, mist on the breeze, before he can ever breathe it in. He doesn’t expect Castiel to spring forward, isn’t ready for the primal, savage rip of teeth into his shoulder, jolting his consciousness down to two white-hot points. It’s why Castiel manages a few deep draughts before Dean scrambles back, braces his arms in the sand and pulls away with all his might, ripping open the muscle of his shoulder as he lands in the shallows of the lake.
“I'll take care of him.” Sam's body does the archangel justice, fits the power that was never well represented in his vessel. Then Cas settles into him, gliding through skin and tissue and organs, assuming control. A second later, the brothers disappear, leaving no trace behind.
“Help him, Cas,” Finn’s lips thin, now, eyes ticking back and forth on his own. “You have to help him.” And then he’s pressing forward, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s mouth, licking it open, deftly maneuvering around the fangs that have taken up residence there.
"What? Cas, what's this about?" He shortens the name automatically, frustration breeding familiarity.
The night turns the window across from Sam into a translucent mirror. Dean watches as animated expressions pull at his lips and cheeks, raise and lower his eyebrows. Sam presses teeth into his lip, briefly fights something that makes his features contract together before giving in to an unmistakable wave of sadness.
Wants to give in and let his grace brush with the angel who gave his life for Castiel and Dean and Sam and the entire world. But no. He crushes it instead, a tight ball in his chest and takes a step back from the other angel.
Dean gets out of bed the next day. A shower comes first, one that lasts long enough to drain Bobby of water for the next month, but he can't get it hot enough, can't make the heat thaw the ice that's been left where his blood used to be, the cold where Cas' heat and grace once flowed. When he goes downstairs, Bobby's making coffee. The older man hears the approaching steps and turns to say something. He probably thinks Dean is Sam for a moment because as soon as he realizes who he's looking at, his expression freezes, mouth wide open though the words they'd been shaping have abandoned him.
“Dean, Gotta do it,” Sam calls from the bed, but he's hallucinating, can't see the angels or his brother in front of him. And then he screams, loud and hard, the noise ripping at Dean, acting like hands squeezing at his throat, pressure collapsing everything in him.
“Angel mojo's got that effect,” Dean smiles, and something builds in his chest, a pressure that threatens to make him burst. He can't take the lightness of the moment, can't believe that somehow Sam is alright, finally alright.
you, Cas.” He rakes his fingers up Cas' jacket-clad back and opens himself, wills Cas to come in, to allow their connection to take hold. The angel's grace is strong, so much more than before, twirls around Dean's soul and he knows, at that moment,
“Please,” he begs, looking into Gabriel's gold-toned eyes, “Please help us.” The angel stares at him, unreadable, but Dean knows every option is being weighed, every measure of his being, his soul, examined. There's a familiar look there, not pity, maybe not quite understanding, but a
The Bay View diner is worn. The booths are a muted red, faded from years of sitting in the sun. The counters wear the mark of years gone by, millions of elbows resting in the same places, subtle grooves that are evident from the corner where Castiel sits, looking at a menu he’s seen in countless other roadside restaurants. But the coffe is good and the smell is of sweet pancakes and smoky grease. His mouth waters and he calls the waitress over, a woman who probably talks to everyone like they’re her kids, though she doesn't look his age, even. He’d raised his eyebrow at the ‘honey,’ she’d given him upon entering, but her smile was genuine, though there was something else there, a flicker of emotion too quick for him to catch, even if he cared to.
In the distance, there are words. A voice trilling in and out over a staticky horizon, one that professes truths too deep to talk about, too buried to admit but they're being transmitted just the same, weaving around the angel's heart and with each syllable he gets lighter, like he's leaving the solidity of his body behind.
. So he stops for a moment, a dead pause that allows him to weigh his heart, the organ that's barely pumping blood through his body anymore and finds that it's been filled with moments, some awkward, some painful, some hysterical. And each and every one has Cas in it. He's been marked, a signature scrawled in muscle. He doesn't belong to anyone, but if he did, it would be to one person, one man. And that's all there is.
“Hey,” Dean offers with a small smile. He knows what he looks like, saw the pale ghost of who he used to be in the bathroom mirror. He can't believe it's only been a week, thinks it must be a mistake. An eternity must have passed by since he's seen Cas. He can't have become this, a wraith, in such a short period of time. Then again, angels usually aren't ripped kicking and screaming from their vessels. The fight is probably why Dean feels like every step is made in six feet of water, why gravity seems to be picking on him so that even holding his head up is almost too much to ask. It's then that he notices a very key thing about Bobby, a fact that pinched at him as soon as he saw the man, though he couldn't figure out what it was.
Dean doesn't know how to ask this, doesn't want to offend after he's been given such a gift, but it's on his mind and he doesn't hold things like
Every motion, every small twitch of fingers and nails has Castiel burning brighter, heart pounding in his chest like it's begging to be let out. He lifts Dean, presses against him and gives better access as he coaxes the grace from his body and lets it flow into Dean's, twists it into the wound in his stomach and urges the torn flesh closed, the blood to flow back into veins where it belongs. His human is whole again soon enough, though Castiel allows his grace to stay, lines up his palm with the scar he'd left on the shoulder he clutched when he'd dragged Dean out of hell, and just rests until the hand in his wing stops.
It doesn't come above the water for any real reason. Sometimes the night air is easier to breathe, less thick than the blue-black water lapping at its shoulders. It smirks at the house only a few hundred feet away, a structure it doesn't like to look at very often because a curl of wrongness always starts in his stomach, hot and tight and it doesn't go away until it dives back down to the coolest part of the lake and stretches out there, letting the gills by its hips and neck work peacefully.
“Oh.” Nothing else comes, so he falls asleep, warm all over, with the gaze of his angel (he's sure about that now) on him. Only him.
“No!” It's garbled and shaky, but his voice makes its way into the air. But it just builds, the pressure, the sensation of fingers reaching deep inside, clawing at everything until all he can do is scream up blood and chunks of what used to be organ systems.
“I was in hell, Dean,” he chokes out, hands fluttering at his sides, grasping the fabric of his jacket. “I was in hell.”
“Elizabeth,” the mother warns, hand on her hip, though there's no real anger in her pose. Her daughter opens her mouth to answer, though a sharp knock at the door silences her before the words even bloom in her throat.
Castiel doesn't wait to be asked a second time. He takes off his tie first, the sloppy knot undone easily enough, then works on the buttons of his shirt. Pants and shoes next, and then he's down to boxers and a flushed face, wondering if they should be removed too. Dean is naked as the day he was born. Castiel appreciates the power of the human's body, the strength of his shoulders and legs, the long lines of his torso and hips. A smattering of freckles dot his back and chest, and Castiel swallows hard because awe doesn't quite cover it.
"I'm suicidal?" Dean pastes a smile on, then remembers he should be smirking. He corrects the misstep. "They don't fuck with my family, Sammy," he says, looking at anything but the overgrown extension of his own genetics. His brother doesn't say anything, doesn't even tell Dean not to call him Sammy. Things are quiet after that, Sam on his computer, the steady clack of keys taking the place of conversation but feeling comforting nonetheless. Eventually Dean decides a shower is in order; he announces such to Sam and heads to the bathroom, turning the water on as hot as it goes, thinking that maybe this time, just maybe, he'll be able to scour himself entirely clean. With clothes still on, he stares into his own reflection until the steam obscures it, though the nothing it covers his features with are pretty much identical to what he sees in himself now. It's so obvious, the lack in him, the great gaping place where his goodness used to be that he wonders sometimes how he can fool people, how he isn't approached by strangers on the street wondering how he can still be alive with all of his insides gone. He's always been good at pretending to be alright. He just never knew how good until after he was pulled from the pit.
And with that, there's a sick shift inside him. If he had knees, he'd be sinking to them, fingers clutching at a throat fighting the contents of a stomach. That's what it feels like, ice chills and scratching nails coming up from within, pushing past the walls of his entity, his consciousness and sliding free into the nothingness surrounding them. It goes on forever, the leaving feeling becoming a steady pulse that builds and builds in pressure until he thinks he'll explode into dust and not leave anything behind like his brothers and sisters, no outline of wings to mark the place he'd held (in another life, maybe. Does he have wings anymore? Grace?).
“You've got to be kidding me.” Sam's expression is flat, his lips thin, pale against the flushed skin of his face. He doesn't look at Castiel, can't bring his eyes up to the angel's face. Castiel wonders what the human fears; wonders if he thinks of imminent attacks and being torn apart from the inside, the wall against hell brought down heavy, repressed memories skating over his fingertips, carving their calling cards into his sides.
“It appears I do have much to learn about you.” It's ambiguous, the statement, and Dean doesn't know how to deal with it, especially if it's directed at him because it's not the type of thing angels say to people. They don't care to learn, to know and understand those given tasks by heaven. No, from what Dean's seen, they just want the job to get done and the charge to shut the fuck up. He opens his mouth to say something derisive, to dismiss Cas' serious gaze, but the space next to him is empty, and the smell of morning air as the sun rises—a scent he's attributed to the angel—is the only hint that anyone was ever there at all.
He wonders when his eyes, the windows to the soul, will start to black out, to be painted shut and forgotten. He wonders if he'll be able to look at Cas with those eyes. There's more pain in his stomach, scratches and twists, but nothing else is coming. There's nothing left to give. He wonders if Cas heard the speech, if he was lucid enough behind the frenzy for meat to realize the human he'd taken up with was permanently fucked. In a way, he hopes Cas didn't hear, that he won't give up on Dean because when he's around, the memories of breaking that first seal, of climbing down from the rack and curling fingers around his first blade aren't so close, are far away enough that he can function at a higher level than a vegetable.
. He did, as best he could. But Sam couldn't reciprocate, couldn't face the idea that he could be wrong, that what he was doing was wrong. And now the devil's on his back, breathing down his neck, asking for a single syllable. And Dean, too—he's the makings to be such a good puppet, Michael's perfect fit. The thought wrings his stomach, sending the acid into the sides, eating away at itself because there's nothing else in there to break down. He can't eat, can't bring himself to shove down food that tastes like nothing and feels worse, greasy and slippery inside him.
“Shower?” he questions, trying to focus on Cas' impenetrable facade. It comes out low and thin, the residue of a voice. The residue of a man. If he could laugh at himself, at how fucking pathetic he's become, he would. He can see himself, even from a few months ago, looking down at his shriveled body with disdain, disgust. He's been falling into himself, wanting to disappear. And he has. He's on the verge of sleep, or just losing consciousness, when he notices that the angel is glowing, faintly.
The article is like a loose thread in a sweater; Castiel pulls, and it gives a little, but there's so much more to know. He tries something else.
“I didn’t know social calls happened in the nude, Cas,” a silky voice says from beneath him. Dean’s near the end of the dock, head just above the opaque water. His lips are spread in a smile, but behind his eyes is green-tinged ice, the gaze of a predator as it backs its prey into a wall. And yet, even as he eyes Castiel, coiled with thirst, smug with some unknown triumph, he’s still lit up golden by the sun, a god in his perfection. A monster without human fault. And then Dean tilts his head, appraising Castiel, taking in a body that’s suddenly, horribly, alien, and something snaps in him, rings in his ears, pushes him forward.
he's saying. His human speaks without vocal chords, presses emotion where thought falls short. He's curling fear and love and disappointment around every memory they have together. He's terrified of the
Dean thinks. “I'd probably be Lucifer's bitch right now if you had. But it's not fair, what Dad asked of you. He made you trade your life for mine.
She brings him coffee with his menu and he reads her name tag. Robin. After a few minutes of staring blankly at the same spot on the plasticized menu, rubbing at a boiled spot where it had been too close to a burner, or maybe a lighter, she comes back and he orders.
he says, shifting back to small rubs and strokes of Dean's soul, wrapping it around figurative fingers,
Dean's helped up, led back a bit, realizes Cas isn't alone. Gabriel stands by his side, looking somehow more imposing than the last time Dean saw him. And though Dean doesn't like the angel, is almost sure he hates him, this isn't the time for petty grudges. He doesn't care about the wide-open desperation in his voice, bleeding like a scraped knee. The hurt pours out of him, twisting his face into ugly grimaces.
Lucifer, it turns out, is very polite in person. He says his pleases and thank-yous, welcoming Dean into the abandoned building he's taken over. He welcomes with rotting arms, the burning-out body of some poor bastard whose family was just collateral damage in the game between heaven and hell, who was half-insane when Lucifer's oily persuasion convinced him to give up his body. Dean's skin crawls at the sight.
stays with him, a fact that only deepens the slice of the souls as they filter out through every exit, the shame and hurt and salty sting of tears he can't try building in the parts of him emotions still touch, the places he swears don't exist. It doesn't...there's no reason for the
no, a shrieking that's lessened to a blank, unfeeling fog inside. The usually satisfying crunch of the rocks is chalk pressed too hard against a blackboard, loud and obnoxious.
“Nothing you didn't want,” he smirks, showing off those small fangs. They're wicked, surreal, and Castiel's tongue itches to lick them again. To make sure they actually exist.
He drops the groceries at the sound of a voice from behind. It's abrupt, a bell tolling on the quietest of days and just as clear, melodious in a way he notices for a split second, though his attention is quickly called to the gallon of milk that all but explodes as it hits the ground, splattering his pants and shoes. And then, before he can look up, the world explodes into a starburst constellation of white-hot pain, colors flashing in front of his eyes. He sinks to his knees, a sudden thud he doesn't feel, before the thread of consciousness unravels completely and he's cast away, the world black around him.
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” Lucifer sits casually on a fold-out chair, long legs held straight, splayed. “Gotta say, I'm surprised. I was expecting your brother. Though,” he launches himself up, circles around Dean, who shakes with fury on the inside, wanting nothing more than to hit the angel, to keep doing it until his hands are dripping red and there's nothing recognizable underneath him. But Cas holds him up, holds him still.
So when he peers inside himself and feels a little echo, a hum of response to Cas' presence, it scares the shit out of him. He can't
“You can't do this forever.” Gabriel's voice is flat, all traces of his joking demeanor fading like the smoke of a cigarette burning from the tip. “You screwed up. But so did He. He left us. And He forgave you, Castiel. He let it go.”
But he interrupts Sam, starts talking about the first thing that comes to him because it's the only thing that will keep him sane.
The lake is still. Castiel peers through the window, hands blocking the blood that still trickles river-slow from his nose. They color the tips a red bright as lipstick, as candy apples he'd eaten as a child in Autumn. There's a trail of it, dots and dashes of his life left like breadcrumbs on the floorboards. Doesn't matter. Everything is hazed in death now; the gravel of the driveway in front of him shifts with a second sight, bodies laid out and a soul twisted with grief.
“Calm down, Dean,” he hears his voice reply, and this time, it's pitch-perfect in that monotone he knows so well. “Just give me a chance.”
deity to remain with him, to stay as he's systematically ripped apart, fraying at the seams until there's nothing left. But maybe, maybe Castiel's glad for the comfort. Gratefulness swells, fighting with the rock-heavy grief in his heart. Humanity calls for him, the fast breaths, wet eyes and clutching hands of goodbyes. Nothing he has will be left behind, and his name will be remembered with scorn.
there while the night is painted darker as agony drips heavy from his brother's body. A barred semi-circle of a window starts to flood with light that brightens, brightens until he's shielding his eyes under fingers that aren't enough. Cas mimics him a few seconds later, and then he feels vaguely flat, like a shadow, while wind whips through his ears. The light stops trying to pry its way through his eyelids, and Cas takes his hand away to reveal that Dean's been blinked outside, away from the horror of whatever Gabriel's doing to Sam.
He's starting to drift off when he hears a rustling and thinks Sam's come back. "Hey," he slurs under an arm, trying to block out the light of day, "Thought you went out, Sammy." The voice that answers him sends chills down his spine, though it's not angry. It's not
when I didn't come out?” Cas is in his space now, tilting his head (to the left, Dean has learned, is the angel's preferred angle) so his lips brush against Dean's, who presses into it automatically, closing his eyes to block sight out and just
“I’m hallucinating now,” he mumbles, shaking his head. The words are chalk-dry, bitten off. The man rises on slightly-bowed legs, a soft moan escaping as the disks of his back crack and realign after sitting so long. Broad back turned, the man freezes at the sound of something behind him.
“Take him outside,” Gabriel says to Castiel, before turning to Dean. “No matter what you hear, don't come in,” he warns, not threatening but warning, a measure of caring he extends to the human he'd killed countless times before. Funny how things change.
Dean's jolted by the twitch of Sam's lip, a gurgle-swallow. “Anyway. I knew you liked her too, man. And she was sweet.” He shifts over, moves Sam's legs so he can sit a little more on the cot, making sure to stay well out of kicking range.
“Gabriel,” the older hunter mutters, and says nothing else. Dean just nods, wonders if the angel can heal the chasm inside him, but realizes he doesn't want it magically smoothed over. He prefers the pain. At least it's real.
Fingers trail through what looks like soft down in this manifestation, the feathers closest to his shoulder blades.
. He doesn't expect the angel to last long and so isn't surprised when, after a few minutes of strokes that turn the angel into putty in his hands, that make him gasp into their connected mouths, he brings Cas to completion. What gets him is that he's dragged over the edge with the angel, the pleasure he'd invoked rebounding at him, filling him with a screaming awe, a level of bliss that travels up and down his body, lapping at his entire nerve like the tide of the ocean at his feet.
“You did.” The hands move up to his shoulders and Castiel feels weightless, staring into an endless expanse where the sky kisses water. It spurs him on, the euphoria of gazing into infinity, so he reaches back, crossing his arm over his heart and rests his hand on Dean's. He doesn't expect the creature to cry out, a low simmer of agony, bowstrings pulled tight, just before ripping away from the frets. The chest against his back, cool as a distant star, goes limp and all that keeps Dean from falling under the surface is the hand Castiel still holds, though now its weight is awkward, dead. He turns to support Dean, whose eyes are open but blank, mouth slack.
“Castiel,” Dean spits blood between them, stains the sand but keeps going, ducking his head to look into Castiel’s eyes. “I saw. I understand.”
Dean scrubs at his eyes the next day. They sting with fatigue under his fingers, and the sun's heated gaze isn't doing him any favors, either. They stop at their latest motel, some 1950s style monstrosity in Fuckall, Georgia, and Sam tells him he's heading for an internet cafe he spotted in town because, of course, this place is taking its authenticity seriously, and wifi didn't exist in the good ole' days, dammit. Or it's just a really fucking cheap place. But Dean doesn't argue when Sam goes, just hands him the keys. If his brother's eyes stay on his slumped form stretched out on the bed, limbs akimbo, he doesn't say anything about it.
It comes to when the pictures begin to flood in. It hisses at them, the size of them and the strange pull they bring, but It’s hostage to the procession.
A blink is all it takes for the park to melt away, to be launched into the stars in the sky, an airless place of beauty and hollow light.
Dean in under a spotlight, those eyes looking deep. “Sam,” he continues, finally looking away, jerking his head toward the younger Winchester's lanky body, “Did this to himself. You aren't him. You aren't responsible for him.” The lines in his forehead relax and Dean takes a breath, watches, rapt, as what seemed tensed, coiled to spring in Gabriel comes undone. “You're the big brother. You've got his back, you watch it. You buy him his first beer, make a speech at his wedding as his best man.” Gabriel is almost
Dean thinks, realizing Cas is testing him, testing the bounds of his word, his trust. His vision floods back a second later, but what he sees isn't him, can't be. Not completely. If the mirror's to be trusted, it shows him but with an aura of grace, of cool light that emanates gently
Together, guided by Cas, who runs interference between them and the rest of his asshole brothers, they go after the horsemen, who, one-by-one, make an appearance. The day before famine shows up, he's sharing a kiss with Cas after the angel had returned with blood on his hands, the blood of brothers he felled with his own hands. Dean washes them, water going red, pink, then clear, and lays a kiss on the palm of each before making Cas lie down with him.
“Go away, Cas.” His throat creaks, each aching part of the muscle protesting its use. “I want to be alone.”
When two days pass (Sam marked the time lapse in his latest out-loud panic), Dean looks at the world again. It's darker than he remembered, though it could be because of the rich cherry gloss on the wood of Bobby's house, the shades of plaid that absorb light. Sam catches him first, all but falls on top of him, words of worry and relief bubbling to the surface, pouring out because
It's not a special day when Castiel falls to Earth. He's staring into air, watching the particles float and spin with every breath released from his chest when, a heartbeat later, he's...not. He hurtles through sky and space and time and light and slams into an unforgiving ground. He gags in dirt and dust, spreads cut-up healing hands through his hair to sweep as much of it as he can out and stands up, looking for the reason he'd been pulled so quickly, so without warning.
He pushes himself up on arms that vibrate wildly, threatening to collapse at the slightest of sudden movements. It takes so much effort, so much sheer will that when an arm slides around his waist and another takes his hand, slinging it over a steady shoulder, he doesn't fight the help. Surprise outweighs pride, and he knows as soon as they're standing together that if Cas let go, he would be heading for the floor. His legs are jello, feet unsure of how, exactly, they're supposed to support his body. So he rests his weight on the angel who holds it calmly, like there's a child in his arms and not a muscular adult.
he continues, opening his mouth to Dean, who pushes inside a second later to lap at a tongue that twists with his easily, tasting of fading mint,
“He's—says,” Dean's throat aches, grief and lack of use gliding together so he can't tell which one's worse. “Says he's sorry.” Sam turns to him, reveals telltale shining eyes. He blinks and the water tumbles down his face, falling fast. “Loves us, Sammy.” Dean holds his hand out, a trembling limb that elicits an instant reaction, a grip so tight he winces.
Only, he knows there is. He knows if he opens his eyes and stares into the amber waiting for him, the long lashes that girls were always jealous of (the fine hair he ran his pinky through while the other was sleeping) that this will end and he will wake and find himself alone again.
Dean finds him accidentally, or his body. Cas isn't there. But he looks like he is, looks like he's sleeping, resting and any moment he'll open those eyes, will sit up and smile, the rare kind that makes Dean's stomach clench. The vessel's chest rises and falls easily, steadily. His pulse is strong, skin warm. Dean's on his knees before he sees the ground coming at him, pressed into the bed next to the vessel, hands balling into fists. The door opens behind him but he's deaf to its interruption, the hands that clap down on his shoulders, the mixed voices of Sam and Gabriel telling him that he wasn't supposed to see this, shouldn't have to see it. But it doesn't gut him the way it should. This isn't Cas (isn't there), just a shell. It reminds him of himself.
“You did good,” he says, pulling his cheek from the crook of Dean's shoulder. “I love you and your brother. Tell him I said so, alright?”
He spends his days in bed, between sheets that cool dream-heated skin. He doesn't see, doesn't talk, barely moves. Anything sudden, any great wrenching and he'll fall apart, can barely hold the cracked pieces of himself together as it is. He tries to pretend he doesn't exist, that maybe if he believes it hard enough his body will give way to air, will separate, atoms flying off in all directions until there's nothing left. Sam comes in and talks, first gently, then with forced anger and provocation. They try to trick him, to make him want to care again. He allows eye contact, maintains it to be polite, but more often than not drops into sleep before they're finished speaking. There's nothing to hold onto anymore, nothing to keep him grounded.
The angel could sob for the realization of God's words when he reaches for the familiar crackle of grace and finds a response, a warm-bath comfort that's there and present within him. But
Dean can’t breathe. He doesn’t know how it worked before, how he could go underwater easily, could swallow the water down and use it like air without a second thought. The magic was strong and he was unaware, comatose in his own monstrous body. But now, he’s fading, and a single dive starts to burn tired lungs, cracked and dry as fire kindling. He’s dying.
Dean is being moved. There is talk in his ears, sound he can't sort because the phonemes evade him, working together in patterns that just sound like music in another language, a pretty melody that does little to communicate but calms him, even when he can't find the strength to open his eyes, to clasp back at the hand that slips into his. And in truth, he doesn't want to see, doesn't want to fall back into reality. Cas isn't there.
“Just like you.” And maybe Dean’s going to say more, going to wring himself out until everything he touches is flooded with guilt, but Castiel chooses that moment to slot his lips over the other man’s, to open his lips and carefully open them with the points of his teeth. Maybe Dean opens his mouth in shock, but he responds as he does, tracing Castiel’s lip before inviting him in to taste.
It's a trigger, a gunshot moment of images and possibilities that wind him tight and choke the answer that tries to come out instantaneously, a 'yes,' that is a reflection of matched gazes and need he's never admitted to; feelings he won't make contact with because he is dirty and wrong and so, so human and Castiel, the angel Castiel used to be is
He stands on legs that aren't exactly cooperating, trips over his own feet before he can look up, can see the man in front of him.
He lifts his head and sees. Sees the sudden and definite change in his teeth, their length not-quite fangs, but well on their way. They’re thinner at the end, deadly sharp, and they don’t belong in his mouth. Don’t belong in a human’s mouth.
Dean remembers. He can name any supernatural creature Castiel can think of, walks the angel through a salt and burn with dull words and a glazed expression. He knows of other angels—Gabriel, Uriel, Anael. And yet there is a blank spot where Castiel once was, white noise where memories should be. Sam, his mother, his father and all the people he's every met are stored, kept safe.
There's blood coming from his mouth but consciousness is concrete and not going anywhere. The breath is forced out of him, a gasping cry, jagged and shrill. His hair, his teeth—the pain settles everywhere, velvet and smooth, coating his nerve endings like a downpour clinging to clothes, heavy enough to drown in. The tears at the corner of his eyes slip free, more reflex than emotion, though that comes next because there's a roar in his ears that isn't natural, that isn't right because the god is doing it, is surrounding him with the sounds of screams that he'd coaxed out with the tip of his own knife, bone-deep and careful, an artist with a paintbrush made to render agony in long, harsh strokes. He spits the blood building behind his teeth. It lands on the god's perfectly pressed shirt and earns him another jab, this time to the stomach, setting the acid there free.
Cas says, adjusting his grip on Dean so that his head is being cradled, fingers separating the hair at the back of his neck. A closed mouth presses to his and the lips are giving, soft in a way that seems strange for a man. Dean gasps through his nose as his lips turn into a network for his body, each cell triggering responses he's never connected to kissing; the quiet smell of a first snow, the easy haze of light drunkenness, the feel of fingers raking down a back. Each lights up part of his brain, sensors and input that Cas manipulates to give him something more, something beautiful.
His chin is guided down so he can see Cas' vessel, the unconscious body of a man that the angel doesn't quite know how to work. Dean feels how strange it is for Cas to be stuck inside a body, to be limited to human mobility and speech, to the separation and isolation humanity subscribes to. The body is a trap to the angel, a cage that pins back his wings and mind, the connection he has with the Host and other angels.
Sam's face, the angular jaw and slanted eyes and generous mouth all still as his fingers are held tight against Castiel's chest. He's quiet, too still, before his eyes roll back in his head, forced into a trance by a sudden barrage of images, of thoughts and feelings and
As it always happens with Dean Winchester, just before things fall the fuck apart, he finds hope that it might all be ok, after all.
He can’t keep hold of the thought for very long, though, because soft as moth wings, then more insistent, louder, images start to flicker through his mind. Fast, hard, then uncontrolled. He lets himself go, sinks into the river and lets it sweep him away, into a current that dances fingers over his heated brow, promises peace in its irresistible current.
now, that knowing inflected in his words, the way he gets closer so slowly Dean doesn't notice the hand coming toward him until it's grasping his shoulder, keeping him grounded, making him listen. “But the rest is
he snarls to himself before turning on the hot water and climbing into the close quarters of the shower. The water pressure is good, strong, and it pounds a melody into his back that feels like comfort, hands of a loved one moving up shoulder blades to remove the kinks there. He tips his head back, mouth parted, a sigh escaping them as he runs his tongue over his teeth, wondering if he brushed them at all yesterday, when, as he gets to his canine teeth, the world tilts off its axis and he has to grip the wall of the shower to remain standing.  Hesitantly, he licks across them again, feeling normalcy—until he doesn’t.
to realize it could hide in plain view with such a simple ruse. But now there's no question, not a hint of feeble mortal in the cat-like grace that emanates from him, even as he lowers himself to the mattress on which Sam lays.
because everyone does, eventually, he'll start torturing others. And then one day he'll come back as a demon, and even if we've saved the world, Cas, it will be over for me.”
He’s on his knees now, eyes ticking over the water, searching, until they stop, fixed on a singular point. The man is wide-eyed, but surprise doesn’t move past the muscles of his face.
he assures, spreading out as far as he can, reaching for the summer-heat pulse of the Righteous man. The human is like an itch under his skin—there, but just out of reach. Castiel circles around himself, frantic now.
They go through the same pattern, question answer question answer until Dean's seething because something's been taken from him and Castiel can only let him go. Days go by, though they amount to seconds on Earth, and Castiel's Heaven begins to expand. The lake has a dock with a canoe tied to it; the house has acquired a wraparound porch and the hills rise into a road, though he has no desire to go anywhere.
The bed that catches him as he collapses into it has a dark blue comforter; simple and masculine and the kind of thing Finn would choose without a second thought.
“But what he said, I mean, it was true. He didn't have any effect on me, didn't make me do anything.”
“Do you want the pain to go away, Dean?” the creature pulls the man’s hand down to his tail, lets calloused skin touch the slick of scales, the wonder of things that shouldn’t exist outside of fantasy.
Ten feet and he'll be right there, standing where two bodies were laid out, puppets to torment the man who'd wanted only to come home, to rest a tired head and heart and...
But Sam's breathing rapidly, eyes alive, willful. His feet are planted, hips out, a stance that declares a challenge to Dean's words. “I started this.” He's flushed, every fiber of his being impassioned, unwilling to bend, to be denied. The fight is back in Sam, renewed, replacing the apathy, the denial he'd come to know so well. “I'm going to help finish it.”
. Every moment he's shared with the angel, every word left unsaid, every touch he should have let happen. He's said his piece, but there's one last thing that needs to be expressed. Words, though. They're just syllables, language that doesn't quite reach what he needs to express. So he lets the feeling filter through him instead, lets himself be buoyed by the word he's never let slip past still lips.
The question is time speeding back up and then quickening; it's a shock enough that Dean pushes him, tail twitching between Castiel's legs.
He'll decide who's worthy and who's not and rejection's sting will never, never touch down on the skin of his cheek again.
“It's called guilt, Gabriel.” Then, a laugh, long, hysterical. “You're feeling guilt for the one time it wasn't your fault.” His takes Dean's hand, fits it easily under his longer fingers. “It figures.” Dean thinks of trying to keep up, of paying attention, but lets himself drift instead. Cas isn't there.
The image of him has been burned behind Castiel's retinas, carved so the imprint is left behind and all he can see is the sharp jaw and the bright shock of green eyes, darker than jade, slanted in the sun. Dean was tan and inviting, an aesthetic wonder on top, melting into something different, something other where his hips should have led into legs. Glossy scales, healthy vibrant, muscles beneath flicking powerfully. His breath draws in quick with the memory of it ghosting across his legs, the tail and fin light, a feather touch made to set off fireworks in his nerves. Swirling water and his pulse in his ears, the tight coil of his stomach and the quake of release are all just a lash's flutter away. A blink and he's back in the lake, being held, supported by something that didn't exist an hour ago. And now he's naked in his house, shivering though his temples are damp, moisture sure to drip down to his jaw soon enough; he's too distracted to wipe it away, too busy trying to call sanity back into his mind, his body, his life.
“I know.” A kiss to quiet him, mouths entwining, opening like a flower drenched in the morning’s dew. They move honey slow, patient and comfortable in the knowledge of one another’s bodies. Castiel’s hands come to life and he crushes Finn to him, but the echo between their chests is that of his own heart, the muscle that determines him to be alive, the same flesh that deems his love dead. Finn’s hips jerk up, trapping the heat of his sex so it fills and he tenses, laying his head on the other man’s shoulder. They stutter out a pattern, hitching and pressing until the pulsing rise of completion ripples in him and he can’t help but draw the heavy curtain of his eyelids back. Amber, too bright, looks back and he’s hanging in the stars, drunk with the beauty he knows he won’t ever get to see again.
