And so it was just another hopeless Wednesday, as I set off for work, little suspecting that this was the day which would change my life forever. Work, by the way, is my shop called 'The Travel Book Co.' which, well, sells travel books -- and, to be frank with you, doesn't always sell many of those. Seemed like a good idea back when I was fresh out of the Army and desperately hoping to be anywhere else in the world other than a hospital bed, healing from a bullet to the shoulder. If I couldn’t travel the world in reality, then I could do so through books and help people make their dreams come true. Turns out, I’m a rubbish business owner and even worse at customer service, too much of a grumpy git, so I usually hole myself up in the office with stacks of purchase orders, while Anderson, my shop assistant, works the till. I think he may be even worse at customer service than I am, but it saves me from having to smile and make small talk.
He gives me a long look, seeming to build up courage before saying, “Some news broke this evening, about me, and as it’s rather scandalous, the press, vultures that they are, have descended upon my flat, as well as my manager’s office, her home and my brother’s house.”
4. I don’t speak Czech at all so this came directly from Google translate.  Supposedly it means “Though the days felt endless and our chances small, we have made it, my love, my own heart.”  If it’s horribly wrong, please let me know!
“All right.”  John’s tone rang with feigned scepticism, which was also disproved by the grin stretching across his face.  He had come to stand in front of the lion’s paws, their shoulders bumping as they surveyed the scene before them.  “So, do you think he’ll be here?  In Trafalgar Square, I mean.”
They sat grinning at each other, hints of mirth bubbling in the air around them. And just like that, John felt that they were once again running through London, laughing at the thrill of the adventure; just the two of them against the world.
Throughout his youth, Sherlock had, more or less, run riot around the palace—exploring the secret passages and servants quarters, claiming a corner of the garden as a pirate’s hideaway (frowned upon immensely by his father given the trouble actual pirates had caused their forebears), running away from governesses and tutors, performing ‘experiments’ in the palace kitchens and leaving behind scorch marks that had to be scoured for hours. He submitted to the punishments that followed this behaviour with a sense of immense irritation and was back to misbehaving shortly thereafter. Not one of these chastisements caused him to feel any concern about the consequences of his actions. Not one. He had never before truly worried about how he might be received by his mother and father.
Sherlock is still quiet as we prepare to go to bed.  We brush our teeth side by side in the small bathroom and Sherlock’s toothbrush joins mine in the holder on the shelf.  I fill a glass with water and follow Sherlock into my (our?) bedroom.  He takes the near side and I walk around the foot of the bed to get to what is now, apparently, my side of the bed.  We lay down and move to find each other, a tangle of clutching limbs, Sherlock’s forehead pressed against my neck.  I listen as his breathing evens out with sleep, but I’m too aware of Sherlock next to me to be tired and instead I lay awake thinking.
We all shuffle inside and Sherlock asks for a glass of red wine.  While I really want a double whisky, I follow Sherlock’s lead and ask for wine as well.  After Greg’s gone into the kitchen to get the drinks, Molly turns to us and says earnestly, “I’m so sorry, John -- I think he just wasn’t thinking.  Not that that’s an excuse, but if it makes you feel any better, I’m fairly sure he’s beating himself up over it in the kitchen.”
Your suggestions and comments helped me pull this bit of the story together after being very nervous to approach it!  <3
“I said fine!”  Sherlock snaps, flapping a hand at her, before turning to his brother.  “Mycroft, why are you still here?”
The thought caught John by surprise, and he remembered he hadn’t needed his cane for any of tonight’s hijinks. It was odd to feel sure of foot. This confidence in his body and himself was unfamiliar as of late but a relief.  With his next few steps, John almost felt like he was dancing.
“Yes, sir.” Lestrade said at the same time as Sherlock screeched, “The Ritz!”  He looked at Mycroft, whose mouth was twisted into a smug line, and realised the restrictions of their outing were not a surprise to his brother.  Now his choice of attire made sense.
Perhaps John deserved to hear the truth, no matter how much the idea of admitting it to him filled Sherlock with fear. He sucked in a fortifying breath and said, voice strained, “I did not wish to return quite yet.”
Sherlock gave him a shrug in response. He was more interested in hearing about John's aspirations in this land of make believe, so he asked, “And what about you? What would you do?”
Their movements had slowed and now they were basically just standing and looking at each other, really looking for possibly the first time ever. It was terrifying to let Sherlock in, to admit these secret desires to himself and to Sherlock, but the knowledge that Sherlock wanted him too gave John courage.
“Your cane.  You left it in the taxi.  However, the way you carried yourself just now indicates that the cause of your limp is not a physical injury, rather it appears to be just in your mind.  Besides, that cane made you look far older than your age.  Come along, in here.”
“Anything for you,” she says with a wink, tossing her long, dark hair over her shoulder and turning to the coffee machine to start my drink.
“We were introduced by a mutual friend.  Our ‘connection’, what there was of it, was short-lived and after I left rehab, I made an effort to surround myself with people who looked after my best interests.”
Illuminated by the headlights of the taxicab, the man darted across the narrow street and into a lane between two of the houses on the right, the darkness swallowing him.  As John picked up his pace to follow, a shout came from behind him.  Glancing over his shoulder, John saw that someone had exited the other car and was now making his way across the street as well.  John faced forward and focused on getting away as quickly as his leg would allow.
John realised with a jolt that he was referring to the King and Queen and the situation took on an entirely new level of surreal.
“Yes, well, he’s got quite a nasty gash on the back of his head, Sherlock.  I’m not surprised there’s blood!”
Sherlock smiled at John’s phrasing.  It had been a long time since anyone had used the word ‘arseholes’ around him - it was not something that usually came up in polite conversation.  As silly as it was to admit, it thrilled him to engage with someone without the usual barrier of politeness typically required of those addressing royalty, but the fact that John had instantly taken his side also made him feel oddly wrongfooted.
From the edge of the crowd, Sherlock plowed a path to Nelson’s Column, the monument towering above the square.  In his wake was John.  Sherlock did not turn around to see if he was still there, he knew that he was, and that knowledge caused an unfamiliar wriggly sensation in his stomach which Sherlock tried his best to ignore.  He pushed the feeling down and forged ahead, squeezing in between men and women of all ages as they danced and sang around him.
Papa did not rise to the jab, unsurprising as they had guests. Instead he simply waited patiently for Sherlock to answer.
By the time I’m done, my mouth is dry and I desperately wish I had a glass of water.  Greg and Molly are both silent for a beat, causing my nerves to ratchet up.  With a self-conscious squint, I glance up and say, “What do you think?  Good move?”
“No, I have already saluted, Colonel.  Besides I am not currently on duty, it is VE Day, and you’ve just insulted my friend.”
With a nod, the footman disappeared. In his absence, John found himself wanting to fidget but he refused to give in to the nerves, instead holding himself at attention.
And apparently our conversation is over.  I say a curt goodbye, too annoyed to be polite to him any longer.  It’s as though he doesn’t even care, about the situation or the fact that I’m upset.  Is he so used to things like this that he doesn’t see the need to worry?  Does he think I’m being ridiculous?
Sherlock turned to see a British Army officer enter the room and stand at attention just inside the door.  Scanning the man quickly, Sherlock took note of the solitary crown on his epaulets - just a Major then, despite his age.  His hair, although mostly covered by his hat, was starting to grey at the temples.  Career soldier.  Unmarried.  While he gave off an air of nervousness at being in the presence of the royal family, he held himself with confidence.
Watching Sally and Sherlock plan their approach for handling the news about Sherlock’s past visit to rehab reminds me of a chess game.  Sherlock is seated on the sofa and Sally is lined up opposite him, perched on one of the chairs from the kitchen.  There is collection of newspapers from the last three days littering the table; they are covered in markings and post-it notes where Sally has tracked the shifts in coverage since the story broke.  She’s also printed off a draft statement for Sherlock to review as well as a long-term strategy for handling questions in his upcoming interviews.  They’re squabbling about them at the moment.  Unsurprisingly, Sherlock has opinions and Sally is rapidly making changes to the documents on her tablet, nodding in agreement with some of Sherlock’s demands and putting her foot down about others.
I can hear Greg cursing faintly on the other end of the line, like he’s pulled the phone away for a moment.  “Do you think this guy’ll come back?”
Besides, John was already attempting to clamber up next him on the statue.  It was obvious that his left shoulder was still weak; John pushed himself up easily with his right arm but struggled to straighten his left.  Sherlock was tempted to help him, but he thought John might not appreciate the gesture. Instead, he waited until John had a knee under himself and then extended his hand, allowing John the choice of taking it or not.
Harry’s flat was a series of small rooms - a sitting room with an old settee and a few odd side tables, a bedroom with barely enough room for a bed and a bureau, a kitchen with a tiny table and two chairs, and a washroom no bigger than a cupboard. Harry loved it, and it was more than John had to his name. Sherlock looked around, taking in the state of the flat, and John hoped he wouldn’t judge the Watsons too harshly.
Refolding the letter and placing it back in the envelope, John stuffed it in the top drawer of his desk, out of sight and to be considered at another time. He felt wrong-footed, strangely angry, and not a little bit excited.
Looking pleased as he sat down, Sherlock proceeded to wolf down the remainder of his eggs. For all that he seemed vaguely unenthusiastic about the possibility of food earlier, he'd certainly found an appetite.
Sherlock and John set out for Chelsea Barracks in order to meet up with Lestrade and Mycroft, but what will they get up to en route?
Alongside the other members of the Armed Forces, John attended the funeral procession for the King in an official capacity, and he was stationed in Piccadilly Circus. He recounts his anxiety as he waited to see Sherlock in person for the first time since V-E Day. "I thought if I saw him that I'd feel better about how he was doing, that it would put my mind at rest, but it was like he was wearing a mask. He was completely blank, and seeing that expression made it worse. I prayed for him to look my way, but that seemed such a silly thought given the size of the crowds. How would he ever recognise me in that sea of faces?"
I mentioned this in the notes of a previous chapter, but as people have been asking about a few different elements of this story (e.g. John's comic and the velvet box), I may explore a few short stories set in this universe to finish off some of those story arcs that didn't fit within this fic as it stands.  Like you, I'm dying to learn how John is planning to propose to Sherlock! :)
I suddenly feel bad for being a snarky ass.  Sherlock was trying to be sweet and make up for the last few weeks of busy-ness, separation, and rushed visits, and I had to be an insecure jerk about the whole thing.
They had stopped walking, and they now stood in the shadows of the large houses that surrounded them on Sloane Street. Sherlock could not hear anything beyond the soft exhalations of John’s breathing. It seemed like his entire being was focused on the man in front of him. Every nerve frozen in anticipation. Of what, he was not quite certain.
Reaching the door a few moments later, Sherlock took one last look around the room to ensure he had not been noticed and with a brief prayer sent to up to the gods that he had chosen the right route to escape, he pulled the door open a fraction, slipped through and pulled it closed behind him.
After he releases me, I clear my throat and manage to respond relatively normally, “Hi, Greg, good to see you.”
Sherlock could tell that John was overawed by being in Buckingham Palace. Most commoners were. Despite his outwardly calm appearance, John was breathing harshly through his nose, as though high on the adrenaline of battle. John’s distress caused Sherlock to also feel a pang of guilt for thrusting this upon him, but it was necessary. The only way to ensure John did not experience any repercussions for their adventures tonight was to have him here and grant him the protection of his family.
He sounds so sincere and so unlike himself that I can’t take it.  I nod decisively and perform an about face, grab my jacket and flee the flat as quickly as I can.
“Here you go,” he said, sliding the full pint glass onto the table in front of Sherlock, interrupting whatever thought that had been passing through the other man’s head.
“Well, you can stay as long as you need.”  And I mean it, something I didn’t expect to be saying two hours ago.
My heart is racing as I slide across the seat and grasp his right hand in my left, fingers clenched tight as though I’m holding on for dear life.  Perhaps I am.
What does he mean he didn’t know where else to go?  A rush of panic zips down my spine like I haven’t felt since the incident with the strange texts.  I scan the street behind Sherlock, wondering if we're being watched again, but nothing unusual catches my attention.  While I don’t know what it is that has Sherlock worried, I also can’t leave him on the doorstep with that look on his face.  Stepping back, I push the door wider so that he can enter and proceed to lock it again behind him.
Somewhere in between disbelief and curiosity, John watched as the man strode around the side of the taxi, opened the rear passenger door and hopped in next to him.
⟪The unexpected has happened so continually in my life that it has ceased to deserve the name.  Until meeting you.  SH⟫
Opening my phone, I tap out ⟪’Cold island, country without an insect’ (6)⟫ and send it to Sherlock and then flip back to the front page to scan the headlines while I sip my tea.
I kind of feel like I’m on that programme at the moment.  Dropped down on a stage, the audience shouting out ideas for a scene (“ordinary bloke out on a date with a famous actor”) and now I have to fumble my way through it, despite not having any idea of what comes next in this scenario.
He makes me ramble.  Greg is always complaining that he can’t pull more than three words from me and here I am talking absolute floods of nonsense to Sherlock Holmes.  I’ve spent this morning alternating between dread and embarrassment in a way I haven’t done since secondary school.
He pauses for a few minutes and then he launches into the story.  “When I was young and just getting involved in the industry, there was suddenly a host of new temptations, things I’d never experienced before in my relatively sheltered early life.  And with some pressure from a ‘friend’, a fellow actor, I gave in, too curious about trying everything, which led to increasingly poor choices and some erratic behaviour.  I eventually ended up in rehab thanks to an intervention by my meddling brother.  Mycroft was able to create excuses and cover up my absence, but if you look closely at the list of my films, you’d notice a distinct gap in my work about eleven years ago.”
“Failure to properly salute a superior officer, attempting to force entrance into an exclusive club, conduct unbecoming of a Captain of the British Army.  Take your pick, Captain.”
“Thank you,” he says, kissing me once more before taking the comic book gently from my hands and sitting back against the headboard.  My left hand drifts to my just-kissed mouth as I watch him study the first page.  He glances up, eyes soft with understanding, the he winks and turns his attention back the comic.  I realise I can’t sit there while he reads -- it’d be far too anxiety-inducing, so I grab my tea and mumble an excuse about making breakfast so I can flee to the kitchen.
After collecting my cappuccino from the end of the bar, cheeks flushed red from Greg’s stream of not-so-subtle innuendo and pointed looks, I lead the way out of the shop so that the baristas and customers aren’t within earshot anymore.  Once we cross over into the park, foot traffic lessens and we’re able to walk and talk easily without being overheard.
I smirk about the excessive number of kisses and then drop my phone back on the nightstand, turn over in the bed and force the excitement about seeing Sherlock so soon from my mind so I can actually get back to sleep.  It’s a tough ask.
I stroke my fingers through his hair and say, “I’m sorry, Sherlock.  It should have been a happy night.”
I take my sandwich and coffee from him.  “Thanks, Anderson.  Can you watch the till for a minute?  I need to make a call.”
.  The film already had good early reviews, but it received a major boost following the interview in which Sherlock came out to a very surprised reporter just before Christmas.
“I lost it when the bullet hit my shoulder.” It was only the fact that Sherlock could hear the sarcasm dripping off John’s words that stopped him from feeling guilty for the possibility of making John uncomfortable.
“For there’ll be happiness around the bend for you,” he belted out as his shoulder connected with the soldier nearest him.  He grabbed onto his arm as though to steady himself and continued with the song, “and then the dreams you dream will all come true!”
The silence was unbearable. Occasionally, the clink of teacups being set down on saucers broke it, joined by the sounds of the footmen laying the table for breakfast at the other end of the room.
Oh.  I feel a flush creeping up the back of my neck.  This isn’t about simply getting food for our next meal, this is Sherlock trying to. . . romance me again?  The bite I’ve just taken of lamb biryani sticks in my throat, and coughing, I grab my wine to help it down.  For some reason it catches me off guard.  I wasn’t expecting this tonight, not with everything else going on.
He wanted to defend Sherlock somehow, but there wasn't much he could do, restrained as he was. John opened his mouth, intending to call out to his friend, when Sherlock spoke again, loud and commanding.
Since I was just planning to go back to my flat to spend the evening on my own, the possibility of a little company sounds wonderful.
Beside him, Sherlock felt John’s arm bumping his and glanced over at him, wondering if attempting to flee was a poor decision, one that might have consequences for John later, but John met his eye, and with a wild grin, whispered, “Run!”
“Mmm.  Probably.”  I feel bloody awful, too, not so much for me but for Sherlock.  What a shit way to start our date.  He catches my eye and we exchange a look that conveys a million things at once --
“We cannot simply ignore it.  People will want to hear him say something about it, otherwise it just becomes the elephant in the room and his entire press tour will ring false,” Sally counters.
“Shut up, Greg,” I murmur, lifting my head from my hands.  Turning to Sherlock, I plead, “Can we please leave so I can escape any further humiliation from these absolute horrors?”
As always, thank you so much for reading along - I hope this fic has brought you as much joy as it has me. Only one more chapter to go! Can you believe?!
He shifts against me, a look of apprehension flickering across his features.  “John, I know I’ve made a mess of things previously, but I do hope you can trust me again.”
Well-tended grass blankets the ground on either side of the path, with pockets of flowers surrounding the bases of the tall trees that are scattered throughout the garden.  I assume that at some point someone strategically planted each one for peak aesthetic privacy.  They completely block from view any of surrounding houses, only a dim light filtering through the leaves.  There’s a gap in the trees through the middle of the garden so that the canopies open up to the heavens.  If there wasn’t so much light pollution in London, we might be able to see more than a handful of the brightest stars.
With a grin, John peppered a series of quick kisses across Sherlock’s cheekbones, on the bridge of his nose and the corner of his lips, along his jaw and down his neck. John laughed as Sherlock squirmed beneath him, grunting with displeasure as John continued to avoid his mouth. Then Sherlocked levered his long legs up to hook behind his back and John found himself manhandled into a position where Sherlock was able to kiss him properly again.
“Shut up, Mycroft,” Sherlock shouts and then steps closer to me.  “John, please allow me to explain.”
An embarrassed flush creeps up the back of my neck.  “I couldn’t stay there with him.  It was too. . . much.”
In front of him, the Colonel was ranting about John's earlier conduct, spittle flying out of his mouth as he spoke. While John usually deferred to those who outranked him without question, something about this officer made his hackles rise. Despite the desire to tell him off, he opted to keep silent until the Colonel finished his tirade, focusing on not letting the irritation show on his face.
Greg sighs.  “Fine.  Johnny, listen, since you met him, some really weird shit has been going on  -- things that don’t normally happen to you, military experience aside.  While I’m concerned about all that because I’m your friend and I care about you, I also know that I haven’t seen you so alive in all the time I’ve known you, even with Mary.  And I know it’s scary to think about jumping into this with him, but there’s something there and. . . I don’t want you to miss out on being happy.”
Greg sighs.  “No, I know it’s not, but this kind of thing didn’t happen to you before he came into your life.  It’s just crazy, innit?  If anything else happens, let me know, okay?”
John was livid, and he was also suddenly exhausted. He had no desire to go anywhere with them, but he also wanted to be as far away from the Colonel and his redhats as possible. Leaving now would allow him to scarper as soon as he got outside the barrack gates. His sister’s flat wasn’t too far from here and if he got away quickly, he could kip for a few hours before he needed to be on parade at Woolwich Common.
Military officers in their dress uniforms, medals shiny against Army green or Navy blue, gathered in groups, some accompanied by women in evening gowns, pearls, and gloves.  Sherlock spied a particular General with his arm around a woman who was most definitely not his wife, his cheeks reddened from laughter and alcohol.  A few minor nobles were present as well, Sherlock recognised them from tedious events he was forced to attend throughout the war, where they bemoaned the loss of life on the battlefield while being perfectly aware of the fact that due to their status, they, nor their sons, would have ever ended up there.  Hypocrites, Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes.  Waiters rushed back and forth, fetching empty glasses and delivering new drinks before the guests even realised theirs were empty.
“A novel, perhaps. I’ve not written anything since school, but it was my favourite subject, despite being told that it would get me nowhere.”
“Now that the war is over, it seems that you have an infinite number of opportunities ahead of you, John. Perhaps there is time yet to be a writer?”
“That is very kind of you to say, Captain Watson. We all did our part, and it is I who should be thanking you and Major Lestrade for your service. It is due to the courage and fortitude of men and women like yourselves that we won this war.”
I study his face as he waits for me to respond.  The expression in his eyes is at once expectant and cautious, and I feel awful for having to dash his hopes.
The crowd seemed denser than it had when they arrived.  All about him were groups of friends laughing and singing and couples in various amourous states, from dancing and hugging to openly necking, which causing Sherlock to blush and avert his eyes.  He pushed passed them, not wanting to interrupt; it was highly unlikely that they could help him anyway.  He waded amongst them, casting his eyes about to find a potential target.
He needed to move quickly.  Once it became clear Prince William was missing, every single officer inside would snap to attention.  He spied a door on his left, along the exterior wall, and pushed on it, stumbling a bit as he emerged in the close lane behind the Ritz.  The heavy door swung shut but he caught it before it slammed, gently closing it with minimal sound.  To his right, a perpendicular lane continuing off in either direction with a brick wall rising up straight ahead.  To his left, Sherlock could hear the main road and see pedestrians passing by, oblivious to the man observing them down the small lane.
“What the hell, Mycroft?” he hissed, pitching his voice low enough so that the Major wouldn’t hear as he led them through the palace, undoubtedly to one of Papa’s chauffeured vehicles.
“It’s possible that it is just an over-eager fan, which I’m afraid are all too common in my line of work.”
After a quick wash and shave, John threw together a measly breakfast of toast and two rashers of bacon. He brought his cup of tea back through to the bedroom, and began to pull on his full dress uniform, the navy fabric stiff from lack of wear. Fitting the silk sash about his waist, John sought out his shoes and gave them one last buff so that they would shine as brilliantly as possible on this gloomy day. The King had been a kind man and John wanted to look his best to honour him.
“What the bloody hell are you doing in my flat?”  I demand, pulling my shoulders back to square up to this vile man once again.  After so many months, the incident in the shop had started to fade and I was able to go through my days without looking over my shoulder anymore, but now he’s standing in my flat and it’s as if no time has passed.  I’m shocked, obviously, but I mainly feel angry that my space -- first the shop and now my home -- has been invaded by Sherlock’s stalker.
Despite the previous threats from his creepy brother and the fact that I’m completely furious with him for lying to me, I’m suddenly reminded of the fact that Sherlock is going through a shit time at the moment and is, apparently, being torn apart by the press.
Reluctantly Sherlock agreed and John, who had forgotten about Sherlock’s coat and jacket, rushed to scrub at the stains, which the vinegar had thankfully lifted. He passed the newly cleaned (and slightly fragrant) garments to Sherlock and went to retrieve his own coat and hat from the back of the armchair.
It was a question, a command, a plea, and John gave in to it, allowing himself to be pulled tightly against Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock’s face twisted into a pleased, mischievous smirk and he started to laugh, a sound so contagious, John couldn’t help but join. The pair of them dissolved into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. John’s high-pitched giggle was in concert with Sherlock’s surprisingly low rumbling laugh. John felt like he was back in grammar school with his childhood friends; this whole situation was absurd and yet so perfect at the same time.
“I’m writing a comic book,” I say, breaking the silence but keeping my eyes on the path in front of me.  “About Afghanistan.  Well, inspired by my experiences there.”
I shouldn’t be surprised by the fact that he somehow knows my usual Indian order and yet I am.  ⟪How did you guess that???⟫
“If you are worried about being late, I could ask Papa to make a call? He is rather influential,” Sherlock quipped, despite being serious in his offer. “Actually, I could make a call.”
And with that, this is officially the longest fic I've ever written and we're nowhere close to being finished.  Thank you so much for reading so far and for all your lovely comments! <3 xx
John shook himself, trying to get free from thoughts of Sherlock, which had plagued him ceaselessly of late. He had thought more about the young prince in the last week than he had since the direct aftermath of their night together.  In the intervening seven years, John thought he had done quite a good job of putting any fanciful notions of more adventures with Sherlock out of his mind and carrying on with his life. He was a doctor now, and he’d moved up significantly in rank, now Lieutenant-Colonel in charge of the Royal Herbert Hospital. He had even dated occasionally, and at one point considered proposing to one of his girlfriends, but the less said about that misguided relationship, the better. Regardless of the failings in his personal life, he had, in fact, built a life, and one he was proud of.
I’ve barely stepped inside when Janine’s loud and perky greeting hits me.  I give her what feels like a pained smile as I approach the counter.
When I finish, I turn to see Sherlock smiling up at me in approval and, despite my earlier anger, I find myself grinning back at him, which seems to spur him into action.
My stomach gives a soft growl.  Now I wish I’d grabbed one of those chocolate croissants on my way out of the shop instead of dashing out to get away from Anderson.  If I go back for it, I’d feel guilty leaving again and would just spend the rest of the day annoyed and hiding in my office, worrying over the books.
“I am afraid I have rather lost my appetite,” Mycroft drawled, placing his napkin on the table and rising from his chair.
“Right, I’m off,” I say, pausing by the doorway.  “If you have any other requests while I’m out, just give us a text.”
His words hang in the air between us and I force myself to swallow another sip of wine along with the compliment before continuing on with my meal, the conversation moving on to more conventional topics.  While we chat, Angelo pops out to check on us and then returns with tiramisu and two forks.
Sherlock pulls back.  “Me?  You were the one who kept licking his lips the whole time we were in the restaurant.  It was highly distracting.”
“More pressure,” he said, and noting the shift of Sherlock’s hand, gave him a nod of approval. “Meeks, let’s hear it.”
At the same moment, Sherlock exclaimed, “John! Blood!” He was bent over a short, knee-height railing that bordered a section of the path that lead back to Hyde Park.
“You don’t know when to shut up, do you?  Perhaps that’s why you’re not in uniform -- too much lip and not enough common sense to make it through basic training.”  With each word, small flecks of spittle landed on Sherlock’s face, and combined with the severe halitosis, Sherlock felt increasing levels of disgust and anger throughout the Colonel’s rant.
With a sense of nervous anticipation, I ditch my work clothes, stripping down to my pants in the middle of the office, and toss them over the back of the chair.  The shirt I've chosen is navy with a white floret pattern that looks like polka dots from farther away; it's trendier than I would normally wear -- possibly because Harry chose it.  I guess it's appropriate that I wear it for her birthday tonight.  It’s properly tailored as well, sitting closer to my body than the shirt I had on earlier and making me very conscious of my mid-section.  Any definition from my years in the Army has long since disappeared.
“Mmm. Major Lestrade reported finding you in Knightsbridge. That is quite a way from Trafalgar Square.”
I am completely ignoring the reality of film making, even independent, low-budget film making, in this fic.  I realise that no way in hell would Sherlock be preparing for the release of
With each step closer to Trafalgar Square, I feel disappointment settle within me.  We’re going to part ways and what, shake hands like colleagues or a briefly hug as mates?  That just sounds awkward and completely unsatisfying.
Once dressed, I head down to the Ladbroke Grove Station and take Circle Line to Paddington Station, where I have to change to the Bakerloo Line.  The seven stops until Charing Cross seem to take an eternity, my leg jittering in anticipation.  When the doors finally open, I dart off the train and take the stairs two at a time, emerging near the busy junction in front of Trafalgar Square.  There is a woman selling roses at the entrance to the station, and on a whim, I buy one to give to Sherlock.
And, as always, thank you to @zigster-ao3, @eternaljohnlock and @88thparallel for their help in pulling this chapter together!  You're the best! x
Sherlock glares at him but stalks off down the hall, leaving Armon to follow behind.  After their departure, a few members of his team start whispering, the hiss of their conversation reaching me across the room but not the words themselves.  They’re clearly gossiping about Sherlock, though, and it serves to irritate me further.  Sally approaches them, barks some command and they disperse, thankfully.  I sit back down on the pink armchair and stew in my feelings of frustration and helplessness.
The man opens his mouth to respond, but Sally moves to intercept and redirect Sherlock’s ire.  “He’s right, and you know it, Sherlock.  We can’t control the questions on a red carpet like we can during an interview.”
John H. Watson, former soldier turned hopeless bookseller turned man with no prospects.  Failure at life.
“Thai sounds good to me.  I’ll see what I can find.”  It’s a Sunday and still fairly early, so I’m not sure what will be open.  I stand up, but I am prevented from moving by Sherlock’s fingers looping around my wrist.
Glancing around for somewhere less out in the open, somewhere away from prying eyes, I notice a fire exit for the building on the left, with a door inset a few feet into the exterior wall.   Mind made up, I grab Sherlock’s hand, pulling him along beside me.  This time, I’m the one guiding Sherlock to hide in the shadows, where passersby won’t notice us.  I crowd him into the corner, the purple fabric of his shirt silky under my fingers.  I can feel his chest rise and fall as we simply breathe each other in, Sherlock’s eyes darting between my eyes and my lips like he can’t decide where he wants to look.
“We’ve worked hard to keep this particular secret hidden from the press for a number of years, but I suppose it was only a matter of time until someone finally leaked it.”
He broke the silence to ask, “So, I’m assuming Major Lestrade is the officer chasing you, but do you actually know General Erskine?”
“My therapist suggested writing as a creative outlet for exploring. . . stuff, and I showed a few pages to Harry and it just sort of grew from there.  She’s illustrating it now.”
The kiss had not lasted long—they had both been aware of how risky it was. A servant, or worse, the King, might have walked in at any time. After a moment, they had pulled apart with hesitancy, and with a final lingering glance, they had climbed into the vehicle. Sherlock, behind the wheel, had adjusted his seat and then guided them slowly, reluctantly out of the grounds.
This secret ceremony took place out in the gardens of Kensington Palace, with only Sherlock’s brother, King Henry IX,  and his wife, Queen Margaret, John’s sister, Harriet, and a Watson family friend, Martha Hudson, there to witness the occasion. They celebrate this date, 28th May, as their anniversary and view their more recent ceremony as a public renewal of their vows.
With a sigh, I rub my tired eyes, realising then that I haven’t put on my glasses, and think about how to respond.  If he’s going to be staying here, then I definitely want the full story of what the hell happened this summer, but I’m also not sure if I’m ready to hear it.  I already know I’ll forgive him, which is immensely annoying, and I’m tempted to hold onto my irritation with him just a little bit longer.
I’m wandering through the section of the shop dedicated to the Mediterranean, left index finger running across the spines of the books, contemplating the possibility of going to Greece or Tunisia, when I register the bell ringing in the distance.  Assuming it is Mr. New Zealand leaving with his purchases, I continue my little middle-of-the-day travel fantasy, envisioning myself with a book on a warm beach or walking through a bustling market.
. . . armed or unarmed, men and women, you have fought, striven, and endured to your utmost.  No one knows that better than I do; and as your King. . .
SHERLOCK and John have been together for nearly 54 years, and yet they have only been out publicly for one. After spending so long ‘in the closet’, it would be understandable for this change to have impacted them quite significantly, but they seem less concerned about their secret being out than they do about the ongoing circus around them. “Neither of us has ever felt comfortable with being the centre of attention,” John says, and then gives his partner a sly look. “Even Sherlock, who cannot pass up an opportunity to show off. But that’s always been on his terms — this hoopla, however, is out of our control. It’s a bit much to take in. We’re fine with the world knowing, but I look forward to the day our names aren’t in the papers anymore.”
John looked around at their location nearing the swish area of Knightsbridge, with all its enormous houses and expensive shops.  Not John’s usual stomping ground, to be sure, but he figured there had to be some pub along Brompton Road. With Sherlock’s accent and John’s uniform, they might just be allowed to mingle with the upper echelons of society, for surely even they were out celebrating tonight, and anyway, Sherlock was actually their peer and could probably talk anyone into anything.
“Anthea has managed to track down a list of employees who were at the clinic while you were there.  She’s looking into their backgrounds to see if anyone has potential motive for leaking it to the press.”
This piques my curiosity about the content of the news story, but I manage to tamp it down.  “So you’re looking for somewhere to hide out?”
This situation has taken on another level of sinister since the text messages.  That man clearly has power and influence and some sort of possessive fixation on Sherlock.  I wonder if Sherlock has had encounters with him before or if he’s just been watching from afar, after all he’s been texting me about my connection to Sherlock and not Sherlock himself.  He clearly thinks he can scare me off, to keep me away from Sherlock, but why is that his goal?  It’s as though he views anyone who gets close to Sherlock as a threat, but a threat to what?  That’s what I don’t understand.  It really isn’t his business if Sherlock and I are dating, if that’s what we’re doing.  But he seems to think it is, and his final words, that he’d be watching, leave me feeling uneasy.
All too soon, we arrive at the theatre.  There is a momentary pause when it feels like the whole universe has slowed and then the door is opened by an attendant and Sherlock steps out of the car to be greeted by a wall of noise -- screaming fans, photographers shouting, flashes going off.  He buttons his jacket and then turns back to the interior of the car, hand outstretched.
He was early. It was only half past one, but John was thankful to have some extra time to calm his nerves before he presented himself at the gate.
Yobbo (or ‘yob’, which is literally just ‘boy’ backwards) is a derogatory British term that means a noisy, uncouth or aggressive young man, usually aimed at young working class men.  It’s probably not something that John would normally say, but in this moment he was a bit irked that Sherlock left him by himself and jealous of the exuberant and physical interaction he had with the four soldiers. Basically, John is a trash can and wants Sherlock to himself.
“It’s me,” Sherlock rumbles back.  I imagine the look on his face to be a combination of amused and ‘oh, you poor, dim-witted human’.
“I really am.”  I say this in response to his statement, but it also seems to hold a bigger meaning in my head.  This will be the first time I’ve ever brought a guy to meet my friends.  It’s a big step and one that is a long time coming.  While I’m worried about how this might play out, I actually think the fact that he’s Sherlock Holmes will be the bigger shock than the fact that he’s a man.
On paper, John was hired as a Royal Doctor based at Kensington Palace, and he maintained a small practice surgery in the building to give authenticity to the cover story, seeing occasional residents and guards as patients. His rooms were connected to Sherlock’s royal apartments, so that he wouldn't raise any suspicions by entering and leaving through the main entrance. “It was ridiculous, and I despised the pretence, but even I could understand the necessity of the arrangement,” Sherlock recalls. “And it provided a reason for him to travel with me when my duties called me abroad. After all, you never know when a prince may require the services of his doctor.”
I scan the restaurant -- it’s small, just a handful of booths and tables squeezed into the narrow space -- and spot Sherlock sitting at a secluded table near the back.  There’s a glass of wine on the table in front of him and he’s doing something on his phone, but his eyes snap to me as soon as I take a step towards him and stay on me as I close the distance between us.
At half-past seven in the morning, while I’m just boiling the kettle for a cup of tea, Sherlock lets himself into my flat.  I had keys cut for him last week after realising the odd hours he kept during a press tour and it’s so much easier now that we’re not trying to coordinate our schedules -- he can just let himself in when he needs to, instead of waiting for me to get home.
Next to them, someone struck up another song and Mac was distracted, his voice joining in with the crowd, and the others followed suit.  Sensing his opportunity, Sherlock sang and jostled his way to the edge of the group and then merged into the crowd, disappearing between the waving arms and raised voices to make his way back to the column and John, flask smuggled into the inner pocket of his coat.
Sherlock gives me a knowing smile but thankfully doesn’t ask any more questions about that blasted book.  “Yes and no.  I will be travelling soon, but unfortunately it is for business and not pleasure.  I have a project starting next month and filming will take me to a few different locations.”
“Because you were practically obscene while eating it.  Christ, your mouth and the way you licked your fork.”  I want to moan just remembering it.
Apologies for the delay - things got quite busy at work over the last couple weeks so I've had less time to write.  I was cheesing while writing this chapter so I hope the wait is worth it!  Thank you so much for reading along so far - only a couple more chapters to go and then we'll be at the end of this amazing journey!
“There are three key pieces of information that will provide some context for my seemingly disrespectful and mercurial behaviour towards you previously.  Things you couldn’t have known or I didn’t let you know while we were. . . together. . . before,” he says, looking up as though to gauge my reaction before continuing his explanation.  I raise an eyebrow.  He nods and takes a deep breath.
There’s a beat of silence and then Harry and Greg lead a chorus of ‘aww’s and Mike leans over to playfully shove Sherlock’s shoulder, before moving on to debate who gets the brownie tonight.
I ask how they were feeling about such a special commitment, and to my surprise, Sherlock informs me that “it was mere paperwork. We had committed ourselves to each other forty years ago, the law was just catching up with us.” I look to John for clarification and he grins at me, rising slowly from the sofa and locating a framed photo on the shelves on the opposite wall. He looks down at it fondly and then passes it to me, the simple silver frame heavy in my hands. It contains a slightly faded photograph of Sherlock and John in matching morning suits, tophats clasped under their arms.
Above them, Papa and Mummy looked stern and unimpressed. While they were both adept at schooling their expressions to suit the moment, regardless of their true thoughts and feelings, Sherlock was fairly certain that ‘stern and unimpressed’ was a fair summation of their current moods. He glimpsed Mycroft and Major Lestrade off to the side observing the proceedings; Mycroft had his usual air of disappointed superiority, while Lestrade appeared tired and anxious. While it had been Lestrade’s duty to look after him and Mycroft tonight, Sherlock was reluctant to wish him any ill will for failing to keep tabs on him. He seemed like a decent chap and Sherlock was momentarily concerned about what repercussions he might face, just as he was with John.
We move around each other, picking up takeaway containers and dirty dishes and carrying them through to the kitchen.  I begin the washing up as Sherlock makes a couple trips back to the sitting room to collect our wine glasses and other bits and pieces before leaving the kitchen entirely.  I hear him settle in the other room as my mind replays everything that's just happened over and over again.
I find walking is the best way to clear my head.  It goes back to the endless hours I spent marching in the Army; after awhile my brain just seems to drift and I follow wherever my feet take me.  When I first got back to London, I spent long days (and some nights) just wandering the city.  If I was walking, taking in the lights and the traffic and the overwhelming reminder that life goes on, then I was able to keep the persistent darkness that lurked in the corners of my mind at bay, I could get up in the morning and face another day.  The walking used to drive Mary mental.  Years later, the habit is still there.
I know there are probably people passing by on the street behind me, but with Sherlock pressed against me, I can’t be bothered to care.  I want him closer.  I push my hands to curve around his narrow ribcage and splay on his back, moving into the space between his feet so that we’re pressed together, knee to chest.
We don’t say much during the meal, instead it’s accompanied by flirtatious glances, nervous giggles, and a need to constantly touch each other.  Sherlock’s feet find mine under the table and I place my right hand on the table, palm up, inviting, and our fingers tangle together.   Each touch teasing and tantalising.  I eat my food without even really tasting it, too focused on the man across from me.  I feel positively giddy, like a teenager on a first date, instead of the thirty-something divorced man I am.  Sherlock seems just as affected, though, so I don’t feel quite so bad about my inability to play it cool.
“So you’re telling me you’ve received not one but two texts from an unknown number?”  His voice is sharp with disbelief.  Apparently he’s wide awake now.
The question seemed to interrupt whatever train of thought had been rushing through Sherlock’s head, but with a brief laugh and shake of his curls, he replied, “Oh, no, not personally at least.  Earlier this evening, I was simply made aware that he was the commanding officer of Major Lestrade, who is indeed the one who chased me into your taxi.”
This chapter was...a challenge, and it turned into a bit of a behemoth.  I hope you enjoy reading it and that all my fretting was worth it in the end!
Sherlock shrugged and relaxed against the lion, trying to assume an air of indifference but was easily distracted by John’s lips connecting with flask and his throat bobbing as he swallowed down the liquor.  Their fingers connected briefly as he passed it back to Sherlock, who suppressed a shudder at the contact.  Alcohol did not normally tempt him, but the idea seemed more appealing now, here with John, so he put the flask to his lips, wondering briefly if he could taste any trace of John’s lips, before taking a large gulp.
The annoying jingle that precedes each new story catches my attention and I focus back on the screen.  The two presenters are seated on their usual red sofa, prim and proper, ready to alert the world to all the details of Sherlock’s personal life.  I find them annoying at the best of times, but today I positively hate them.
The reality of the situation hit him then, like a sharp slap across the face. It had been a lie. All of it. The entire evening was based on a lie. What had been a strange and intoxicating evening of adventures with a strange and intoxicating man was now tarnished. A rush of shame flooded down John’s spine as the thought of the things he had done and the things he’d said to “Sherlock”. He was a right fool, opening up that way, something he never did with his sister or his Army mates.
Another necessary change was for John to leave his post at the Royal Herbert Hospital. Having committing so many years of his life to the hospital, it was a bittersweet time for him. “After finding Sherlock again, I was happier than I had ever remembered being, but our relationship required us to make personal sacrifices. I understood that, I did, but leaving the hospital was devastating. I felt professionally lost.”
Thanks to my lovely beta bees @zigster-ao3, @eternaljohnlock and @88thparallel for their help in sorting this chapter out! x
The question made Sherlock squirm and he could feel his cheeks beginning to flush. “What I said was accurate, it will take some time for Lestrade to collect my obnoxious brother from the Ritz and arrive at Chelsea Barracks to meet us.”
“Irene,” she replied, voice sultry and eyes sparkling as she reached out a hand to Sherlock. Internally, Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he gamely took her hand and squeezed her fingers in greeting.
Shortly thereafter, Lestrade took a final sip of tea and bid them farewell, leaving Sherlock alone with John at the table. Next to him, John was still erupting with occasional giggles, which seemed to fizz up Sherlock’s spine every time he heard one.
There were a million things he needed to do, but instead he was going to enjoy this song because it was surprisingly good.  The next one would probably total shite, but then he could rush through the dishes and switch the station.
“You take this one,” I mutter to Sherlock and go to retrieve my wine.  I have a feeling I’m going to need a lot of it to get me through this evening.
The change in height and position meant that they were perfectly aligned and John blanked out momentarily with the realisation that he could feel Sherlock’s erection nudging against his own through their trousers. Groaning, he pulled himself closer with one arm, while tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hair with the other, licking into Sherlock’s mouth, sucking on his bottom lip. It was wet and messy and glorious.
”I suggest you be glad we are going at all and try to enjoy it instead of scowling at me like a child.”
Sherlock looked from John to the other faces around the table and only then realised that he may have gone a bit overboard with that soliloquy about the merits of one Captain John Watson. Mycroft rolled his eyes, while Lestrade chuckled silently and his parents had identical expressions of suppressed amusement.
John shouldn’t be surprised that rations did not extend to the royal family. “No, Harry’s not good at holding back, so she tends to use up her ration of sugar within days. I hope you are okay with unsweetened tea.”
⟪Sherlock’s fine and hasn’t received any texts.  He doesn’t seem to think it’s a big deal.  Being a complete git, actually.⟫
“Mmm.”  Which is most definitely not the reply you want to hear from a famous actor who may or may not be judging you for knowing about 50 Shades of Grey.
The messages from my friends are expected, the message from the unknown number is concerning, and the message from Sherlock brings an instant smile to my face.  How is it possible to be so endeared by a text message?  I can just picture him sitting in a meeting with some highfalutin film executives, looking impossibly bored and ignoring them in order to send me texts.  He’s ridiculous.
“I feel I must apologise for my manager.  She’s a truly heinous woman, who is, regretfully, very good at her job, otherwise I’d fire her for intentionally vexing me at every possible turn.”
“I cannot believe h- this.  It’s entirely unacceptable!”  Sherlock bursts out, anger vibrating through his voice.  It startles me -- I’ve never heard him sound like that.  After a pause, he continues, more collected now, “Unfortunately, these things aren’t too unusual for me, John.  I am sorry that you’ve been subjected to it, however.  But you’ve done the right thing by alerting the police -- I am certain Greg will ensure that it’s taken care of and I will most definitely follow it up on my end.  You shouldn’t be bothered again.”
John groaned and unenthusiastically rolled himself out of his chair. “Fine. But this will be embarrassing, just so you know.”
Sherlock did not know what else to say. It was rare that he was at a loss for words, but he was too terrified that anything he might say would tip them over the balance.
Sherlock grins.  “No need to apologise.  I find that to be the norm for most people.  You are an exception to the nincompoop rule.”
“Major Lestrade, I will not take any orders from you -- I am not under your command. You either accept this arrangement and meet John and I at Chelsea Barracks, or I shall abscond from here and disappear amongst the shadows of Hyde Park. We both know I can outrun you, and I would not advise forcing me to do so for a second time tonight.”
“Despite a lingering feeling of disbelief, I think I am happy really.  I know it’s been a bit of a rollercoaster, but it seems like we’re finally on the same page about everything.  And he’s so bloody beautiful, Greg.  I know you don’t want to hear the details, but you have to admit he’s beautiful.  Beautiful and mine.  What the hell?”
Finally, his brother had had enough.  “Sherlock,” he said, keeping the angry hiss out of his voice as best he could, “come along.”
“That’s to be expected when you spend your days around dead bodies, I’d think.”  Mike says, “Although live bodies are pretty disgusting sometimes, too.”
I take the cup with a grimace and glance to my left, at the customer, ready to apologise for my arsehole of an assistant. The man is holding two of the books I had recommended - the ones about Afghan history and military interventions, I am strangely pleased to note - and is gazing at Anderson with distaste.
Sherlock and John, 1961. “Sherlock planned every detail, despite it being quite a modest affair. He insisted that we wear matching suits and chose a song for our first dance, which we had that evening alone in our drawing room. He was much less enthused the second time around, however.”
Sherlock stood next to the taxi, waiting for John to exit, and then he strode over to the gold-tipped, wrought iron gate and spoke quietly to one of the guards on duty. There was a flurry of activity behind the gate and a door was promptly opened to allow them through.
“They’re not as resplendent as in early summer when every bud is in bloom, but you get a sense of the garden. This was my favourite part of visiting this house as a child; the gardens were always mine.”
Today, with Anderson stationed at the till, I meander through the shop, checking on the customers who are browsing, answering questions and making suggestions when requested.  One man has a million questions about New Zealand, and while I’ve never been, I’ve read enough to bullshit my way through my recommendations and he saunters off to pay for three books about the islands.
An indignant flush crept down his neck as John watched coattails disappear through the door in front of him.
I bark out a laugh and then realise he’s serious so I push back from the table and go to retrieve the packet from the counter.  When I return to the table, he’s slipped on his suit jacket and buttoned the middle button.  Stained shirt and coat hanging over a forearm, he reaches out to select a Hobnob and then heads to the front door.
We step inside and stand side by side in the corridor, quiet as he casts his eyes over the space.  I try to imagine it from his perspective, seeing it for the first time.  Sitting room ahead, somewhat bare but lived in; a soft armchair with a tartan throw over the back and crowded bookshelves along one wall.  Small eat-in kitchen to the left with a gateleg table for two that normally seats only one.  A corridor, light wood, stretching to the right, leading to my bedroom, a bathroom and a cupboard that houses a bike that was a 35th birthday present and hasn’t been taken out in ages.
Despite this being a talking point discussed with Sally yesterday, the way Sherlock said it, with such fierceness, makes me think this is something he truly feels strongly about, and I am so proud of him.  Charlie glances to someone off screen.
“. . . Prince William.  Bit of an awkward duckling, that one.”  A woman’s voice floated to his ears from the other side of an enormous floral arrangement.
Feeling lighter and more sure-footed than before, Sherlock leapt up onto the base of the statue and sauntered over to John, leaning against the lion next to him, close enough so their elbows brushed.
Together, they turned south and headed for Sloane Street, which would take them to the heart of Chelsea. It appeared that John was familiar with Chelsea Barracks, so Sherlock trusted that he would lead them there without issue.
At my footsteps, he opens his eyes briefly, his gaze sweeping over me before settling back into the sofa again.  After a second, he rumbles, “Hello,” but then says no more.
Molly and Harry disappear into the kitchen to put the flowers in water, Molly calling over her shoulder that dinner will be ready soon.  Greg jumps to attention and herds the rest of us towards the dining table, where he leaves us in order to help Molly in the kitchen.
“Get out o’ the way, ya lunatic! What the hell are you doing, standin’ in the street?  I coulda hit you,” the driver ranted, gesturing wildly. “Still might if you don’t shift it!”
To our left rises a high wrought iron fence, marking one of the gardens that’s off limits to people like me.
“What is the holdup?”  A booming voice interrupted from the queue.  “And since when did you start admitting captains and civilians into the Curzon?”  Contempt dripped from every word.
Some dim part of my mind recognises that we’re basically groping each other in public, but he feels too bloody marvelous to stop.  I’m now crushed against him, Sherlock’s arms holding tightly around my shoulders, pink rose clutched in one hand.  As Sherlock’s mouth attacks mine with single-minded intent, I grab hold of his belt loop as an anchor point, lest I be swept away.
Sherlock stood at the north east-facing window, looking out past the Victoria Memorial onto the Mall. Following the broadcast of Churchill’s speech from Downing Street, the Royal Family had waved to the people down below Buckingham Palace for what seemed like an eternity.  Finally, when they had gone back inside, Papa and Mummy were quickly led away through the interior of the palace by a host of counsellors and aids, speaking rapidly about what was to happen next, and Mycroft had followed, always the dutiful heir, leaving Sherlock alone in the Council Room.
Finally catching sight of his...companion? kidnapper?...passing the bar, John pushed his way through the crowd, tracking his movements as the man wove away from him, claiming a table in the back corner.  John followed.
John was startled out of his reverie by Sherlock’s hands coming up to grip his wrists, pulling at him so that John’s hands were more firmly holding his face. With four points of connection, they held eye contact for an eternity and John was certain every thought and emotion was evident on his face. As was his way, Sherlock undoubtedly read it all, and he smiled, eyes soft, resigned and apologetic.
Sherlock sat on the only free sofa, leaving space for John to join him. However, John and Lestrade remained standing, sipping their tea, looking out of place and uncomfortable in their slightly rumpled uniforms. He wanted to ask them to sit, but they would almost certainly refuse, and no permission to be seated seemed to be coming from Papa or Mummy either. Suddenly, he felt awkward himself, wanting to stand back up to alleviate the strain between the royal family and the officers.
Lately his life had consisted of Sherlock, crime scenes, the clinic and takeaway in front of the telly.  No late nights in dark clubs.  No pulsing melodies pounding out of subpar speakers.  No strangers’ hands.
She hands me my drink and giggles.  “Tonight, silly.  Do you have plans or would you want to go with me to the concert?”
Through this door, Sherlock found himself in a narrow, utilitarian corridor, stripped of the opulence of the rest of the hotel.  There were doors every fifteen meters or so off to his right, undoubtedly leading back into the main areas of the ground floor.
Armon has put him in a dark blue tuxedo with black lapels and underneath he has a double-breasted waistcoat in a subtle blue and black tartan.  The look is finished with a simple black bowtie, black patent leather slip-on shoes and a pocket watch.  It’s a beautiful suit with just a touch of Edwardian style as a nod to his role in
“Yes, all right, fine, but can we have breakfast first?  A proper breakfast, not just those pastries that Sally brought.”
If he was honest, had his job not required it of him and had he never met Sherlock, John doubted he would have turned out for the occasion. Instead, he would have probably holed up in his sitting room with a cuppa and tuned the radio to listen to the coverage as the procession moved from Westminster to Paddington Station. A royal funeral was an intense, multi-day affair and John would have felt overwhelmed by the very idea of taking part in it, in however small a way.
With that, Mycroft performed a precise about face (most likely to show the officers in the room that he had military experience as well - Sherlock rolled his eyes yet again) and led the way to a reception room off the main entrance.  Major Lestrade stood off to the side, spine straight and eyes ahead, clearly waiting for Sherlock to follow his brother before bringing up the rear.  Having a chaperone was hateful.
Taking a few calming breaths, I grab my phone, wallet and keys off my desk and shove them into my pockets before I leave the safety of my office.
Sherlock interrupted before either officer could get a word in.  “No, that will be quite all right, Maxwell.  As the Captain said, we shall just be on our way, but the Colonel is ever so eager to get inside, so perhaps you could assist him.”
After a moment, during which silence reigned and Sherlock avoided John’s eye, John finally said, “To Chelsea, then?”
“Oh, Sherlock.”  I trace my thumb over his brow and then pull his face to mine, pressing a firm, brief kiss to his lips.  “I do trust you, I do.”
The total is a rather obscene amount, at least compared to my normal sales, but he hands over his credit card without hesitation, punching in his pin code after I’ve entered the details in the chip-and-pin machine, which, thankfully, has decided to cooperate today.
Heart in his throat, he abruptly dropped Irene’s hands and spun to locate John behind him on the dancefloor.
“Have you eaten?  I’ve not got much in, but I can stop for a takeaway on my way back.  Any requests?”
I give Sherlock a fifteen minute headstart in order to avoid running into him yet again and giving the impression that I’m a total creep who is following him.  On my walk back to work, I try to put him out of my mind. . . and I’m as successful as you’d probably imagine.
Sherlock seems to deflate a bit and he nods.  “This film is a reflection of me and. . . and I was asked so many times during interviews about the experience of playing a gay character and I couldn't answer honestly.”  He leans back against me and grabs my hands to pull them around his middle.  “I need it to do well, not just for my continued career but because it’s the first time I’ve truly felt like me on screen.”
“No, no, no.  As much as I love you lot, I’m not planning on spending the night with you, not with so much skirt out tonight.”  The blond soldier said, scanning the crowd around them.
In the late afternoon, after the crossword has been completed, I open the envelope Harry gave me yesterday and pull out the pages she’s been working on.  Her drawings are, of course, brilliant.  Somehow she’s able to bring to life the dialogue and stick-figure drawings that I give her, like she’s seeing inside my head.  That’s the difference between me and Harry.  I struggle to get things out, to process the emotions and memories that flood through me at odd moments, leaving me feeling raked over and helpless -- which is the reason for this whole project in the first place.  Harry seems to have no problem opening herself up and being vulnerable, no matter how messy or inconvenient.  She wears every emotion openly, where I contain, protect, survive.  She is my opposite in nearly every way and there are times when I wish I could be more like her.
While this letter is undoubtedly a surprise, I very much hope you will join me for tea tomorrow at two o’clock at my apartments in Kensington Palace.
Thankfully, the bell over the door rings then to pull my out of my spiralling thoughts.  I look up from my doodle of a bumblebee to see Greg and Molly entering the shop, hand in hand.
Between the walls of the buildings, a narrow strip of the night sky was visible, stars twinkling merrily as if celebrating along with the people of London.  Sherlock shook this fanciful thought from his head as he continued winding through the narrow lane.  After another corner, Sherlock noted that the lane opened out, not onto a road but into a park, which he recognised as Green Park as he emerged the mouth of the lane, his mental map of London crystallising now with familiar landmarks in sight.  He could hear the traffic moving along nearby Piccadilly and opted to go through the park to put some distance between himself and the hotel.  It was the opposite direction from Trafalgar Square, but he could double back through Mayfair later.
“Then what, exactly, is the point of you?” he yells, pushing himself out of the chair and scowling at Sally before striding away from the group of them.
“The lungs of the city?  I like that.”  It reflects how I felt in Afghanistan whenever we were on patrol somewhere with trees and grass and flowers, like we could breathe again.  The war will never fully leave me, I guess.  Even here in the humid night air of London, I can summon the memory of desert winds and sand so vividly.
It’s dark outside and I can only make out an outline of the person standing on the other side of the glass, but I’d know that voice anywhere.  I’ve spent the last three months listening to it -- I know how it sounds in different accents, when it whispers and when it shouts, and, from a memory, when it rumbled right next to my ear.
We say our goodbyes there in the shadows, hushed and intimate, and I walk back to the Tube in a well-kissed, euphoric haze.  My trip home passes without me noticing.
- I frequently walk through Holyrood Park on my way home from work and this is exactly how I feel -- like I can breathe.
Sherlock strode forward and clasped Mrs Hudson’s hand warmly. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Mrs Hudson, and apologies again for waking you.”
Sloane Street was a main thoroughfare through Knightsbridge, but beyond this busy road was a warren of narrow, twisted streets where one could easily get lost. John set off into the shadows, and Sherlock trailed behind him, blood pumping hot in his veins.
The soldier, apparently named Ste (although Sherlock was certain that was short for Stephen) lowered the flask and elbowed his friend in the stomach.  “Oi, at least I got rhythm.  Besides, our new friend here can cover for my shite singin’, and he’s handsome enough t’ distract from your ugly mug, Barnes!” he exclaimed, his lilting Northern accent making the words difficult to discern at first.
“Just a few customers and Anderson, but he doesn’t touch this programme -- he doesn’t have the log-in details.”
From what John had experienced of the elder prince, he knew this was not a compliment. Even so, he felt like he had a duty to return Sherlock home.
Once he’s out of my flat, I breathe a sigh of relief and Sherlock’s eyes sparkle with triumph and mirth and for a moment I can’t look away.
At some point the song ended, but neither John nor Sherlock registered it, lost as they were in their own dance of slow hands.
IN an effort to start at the beginning, I ask about their early lives, but I’m waved away by Sherlock. “That’s not interesting,” he says. I don’t quite know what to say to that proclamation, but John laughs, and agrees. “It’s true. He was a prince and I was a pauper.” “See? Dull,” Sherlock interjects, before continuing, “Everything changed after the war. That’s when life became interesting.” “Well, for one night,” John qualifies, leaning into the innuendo with a cheeky wink.
John had been out there, hidden in the sea of people, just beyond the walls and gates of his home, while Sherlock was inside preparing to go out. Given the number of people celebrating tonight, the odds of their paths crossing was infinitesimally small. If Sherlock had escaped the Ritz earlier or later, if John had taken a different taxi or not gotten one at all, then they would not have met. That John could exist in the world without Sherlock ever knowing him was unfathomable.
Meeting Sherlock was brilliant, but he is also, you know, a million miles from the world I live in.  For a moment, he ventured to walk amongst us commoners, only to flit away again when it was apparent he didn’t belong.
“Want to come up?”  As soon as it’s out, I cringe.  It’s like I drew a cheesy pickup line out of a hat.  Smooth, Watson.  I risk a glance at Sherlock’s face.
At the thought, John said a brief prayer, as he had done frequently since the news of his death had been announced, in memory of the King and for Sherlock in his mourning.
He looks at me in confusion, which is completely fair considering he probably doesn’t recognise random Peanuts references, and then he scrunches up his nose.  “First of all, that was atrocious grammar.  Second of all, I have no idea what you mean.”
By the next morning, my life seems to have settled back into its ordinary pattern.  I wake up, I blearily stumble through breakfast, I go to work, put up with Anderson, and occasionally sell some books.
I curl my left hand into a fist and spit out defensively, “Because I didn’t.  I chose to fucking ignore it because I didn’t want it to ruin things, plus Sherlock was texting me so I was a bit distracted.  Sorry.”
“Oh, do shut up, Mycroft,” he shouted and then turned to John again, “John, please. The situation was...complicated.”
The casual way he asks the question causes my mouth to drop open as I turn back to Sherlock, questions flying through my mind.  Sherlock won’t meet my eye, instead he glares at the man and says, “John, this is my horrid brother, Mycroft.”
Greg snorts and the others start to laugh, but I just gape at her, stunned and mortified.  I knew it was too much to ask to get through this night without her completely embarrassing me or herself.  I drop my head into my hands, hair flopping forward to curl over my fingers, and groan, “Oh my god.”
And while it’s not the end of the angst, I promise it will get better quickly and we’ll be back to our regularly scheduled programme of Sherlock and John being absurdly adorable.  Stick with me!
“Possibly.  But only if you follow through on that kiss.”  Before I even realise what’s happening, he’s snaked out one of his long arms and closed his fingers around my wrist, tugging me down to him.
Toast taken care of, we focus on the food, which is delicious, despite Molly’s frequent claims of being useless in the kitchen.  Conversation ebbs and flows throughout the meal.  I pitch in where required but mostly let it wash over me, enjoying the fact that everyone seems to be getting along.  Greg gets up to retrieve another bottle of wine from the kitchen, refilling glasses liberally.
He came to the end of the receiving line and stepped off to the side of the room, back to the wall, which gave him a clear view of the room.  Mycroft was now in deep discussion with two older gentlemen, one being the Duke of Argyll and the other a nervous, mid-ranking Army Officer, who seemed to be striving for nonchalance at being included in such company.  As long as Mycroft was engaged in conversation, Sherlock stood a greater chance of escaping his watchful eye.
John huffed out an annoyed breath. “Just come here. I need you to apply pressure to the man’s head wound.”
“Indeed.  It was something of a requirement in my family -- I speak French and several dialects of Russian as well, and I can get by in Italian and Spanish, plus the bit of Czech I learned for the film.”
Before I leave the flat, I catch a glimpse of a smile on his face.  The door clicks shut and I shuffle down the stairs, feeling lighter than I have all morning.
As they slipped into the darkness within a narrow alcove behind one of the grand houses, Sherlock’s nerves ratcheted up, his palms sweating and his mouth going dry. The space was just wide enough for them to slip into sideways, chests nearly pressed together. Sherlock was reminded of a moment earlier in the evening when they had found themselves in a similar position, and if someone had asked him then, he would never had he imagined that his night would have taken this turn. But here he was, full of nervous anticipation as the most interesting man he had ever met stood mere centimeters from him, eyes dark and beguiling as they gazed at each other in the dim light.
I take moment to just grin like a lunatic at the fact that the universe has conspired to make this happen -- somehow, despite the low probability of me crossing paths with someone like Sherlock, it happened.  And now, we’re at the point where we are waking up wrapped around each other, no more walls between us, physical or emotional, and it feels bloody wonderful.
He probably didn’t consider factoring in the time difference before texting.  Clearly the expectation is that everyone is on Sherlock Time.  ⟪Because you texted me, you git.⟫
Once again, I’m pushed to the edge of the activity, with Sherlock at the centre.  I watch as they flit about him, tugging at his suit, showing him something on a mobile, running through lists, giving last minute reminders.  Above their heads, I catch his eye and gesture towards the door to indicate that I’m going to slip away.  He looks at me intently for a moment and then nods.  I quickly mouth ‘good luck’, give him one more reassuring smile and move to leave the flat, his eyes tracking me across the room.
Mike, with his properly developed level of maturity, says, “We play a game whenever we get together -- the saddest act gets the brownie at the end of the night.  Usually we have to share what makes us more pathetic than the rest of this desperate lot, but yeah, tonight I agree with Greg.  The brownie’s yours, Sherlock.”
The stack of dishes on the counter was frankly appalling.  He wasn’t certain that they had any clean dishes remaining in the cupboards.  How did he live like this?  A year ago he had been a military man, used to strict schedules and clean quarters.  Now he lived with a slob, a child, a genius with no concern for others, and his own routines and standards had been shot to hell.
After asking (begrudgingly) for directions once as they made their way out of Trafalgar Square, Sherlock led them down Piccadilly near Green Park once again -- it seemed that they were going in circles tonight, but it was highly unlikely that either Mycroft or Major Lestrade would still be lurking nearby.  Surely, they’d moved farther afield when they’d failed to locate Sherlock in the area.  Shrugging off that niggling concern, Sherlock led them north through Mayfair and finally the pair turned onto Curzon Road.
I’m caught off guard by his compliment as Sherlock Holmes does not seem the type to employ flattery.  I stare at him as he finishes his tea.
With a final tap, the screen goes dark and Sherlock hands my mobile back.  Any excitement I would have felt at the brief contact of our fingers touching has dissipated in the changed atmosphere of the last few minutes.
I shovel another forkful of rice into my mouth, and then ask, “So how did the story leak, do you know?”
“Another time then,” he said, forcing some jollity into his voice, despite knowing just how unlikely it was that another outing would be in the cards for them.
“I think I’m going to head to bed early tonight,” I say, rubbing the fingers of my left hand together out of habit, a sign of anxiety, my therapist tells me.
“Take a seat. Let’s look at that nose.” He pulled out one of the chairs and stood back so Sherlock could sit down.
We walk together down the path, Sherlock with his hands clasped behind his back, our shoulders brushing occasionally.  He breaks the silence and says, “Beautiful, isn’t it?  What a lovely thing a rose is.”
- There are a number of moments I wanted to explore in more detail (including what Sherlock and John got up to that night), but I just didn’t have room to do it in this chapter.  I may write a few one-shots that take place in this universe after the fic is complete.  We shall see.
Impertinence, he thought, was a good cover for his nervousness. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John smirk briefly and then stifle it as quickly as it appeared. From up above, he heard a strangled cough and flicked his eyes up to see Lestrade cover his mouth. Pleased at having made them laugh, Sherlock smiled up at his father, sweet and falsely innocent. Papa sighed.
A sound wakes me in the middle of the night and I struggle to wake up in order to figure out what it was, my mind foggy.  Before I can peel my eyes open, the bed dips and then a heavy weight settles across my chest.  The scent of hair products and cologne filter into my increasing wakefulness.  Sherlock.
premieres next month here in London and will be in cinemas nationwide on Friday, 16th November,” Charlie says to camera, before turning back to Sherlock with a final acknowledgment and thank you.
And so I go.  With a new sense of determination, I push my way back out of the pub and stride along the street, back the way I came.
“As I stated, I needed to get away from a misunderstanding and your taxi, as you insist on calling it, though I did not know it was occupied when I flagged it down, was the most logical and expedient way to do so,” the man sneered back at him.  “It is not as though you were en route to a destination of significant importance.  It was a perfectly reasonable suggestion to drive me to Trafalgar Square as it would not have -”
The messenger gave him a final nod, said, “Very good, Sir,” and departed the room as swiftly as he had entered. Royal messengers were incredibly expeditious.
John bumped him with his shoulder. “Yes, really. In fact, I feel like I should be thanking you for pulling me out of the gloom.”
Sherlock shuddered, utterly failing to suppress it, and closed his eyes. His body felt as though it was short-circuiting.
When he pulls back, his eyes are warm and his lips curve up into a private smile.  We sit and Sherlock places the rose gently on the table, where it remains for the rest of the meal, looking oddly like the final rose on that programme
After the beer and whisky earlier in the night, Sherlock had had enough alcohol, so he shook his head, loath to shout over the music and loud chatter that filled up the room. Instead, he diverted them along the floor, closer to the band, and once they had passed the swarm of people near the bar, Sherlock noticed that there was enough room for a dancefloor. Various couples had paired off and were dancing to a slow jazz number. The unlucky men, who greatly outnumbered women at this party, were lined up along the wall, watching.
“Do try to find your dignity, brother mine, instead of bellowing down the corridors like an angry chimpanzee,” Mycroft drawled, a slender hand reaching out to grasp the teacup before withdrawing behind the paper once more.
I open the street door to my flat and turn back to get one last look at him.  He’s still near the door, watching me intently.
Climbing onto my bed, I settle against the pillows to read it through, something I haven’t done since we started this project.  I turn the pages gently, lingering over the combination of my words and Harry’s drawings.  It’s breathtaking -- in a raw and beautiful way.
Sherlock’s eyes focus on me and he says, “No, of course you should go, John.  If you’re okay with leaving me here, that is.”
For a brief moment, I had a glimpse of another life, a dream, really, and then I woke up and none of it was real.
By that evening, with my friends’ words rattling around in my head, I’ve worked myself into a state of nervous anticipation.  Half my brain is concocting elaborate ways I can win Sherlock back and the other half is experiencing complete defensive shutdown, certain that Sherlock will have fled from my flat and will never speak to me again.  So as I move through my routine for closing the shop (nearly an hour earlier than usual), I prepare for the best but fully expect the worst.
There was some grumbling from a few of them, but John and Sherlock were allowed to push through the busy pub, stumbling slightly with the press of bodies around them, and reach the door without further incident.
After shuffling away from the palace, he’d managed to flag down the taxi, falling inside with a muttered direction to his sister’s address in Battersea, where he planned to have a cup of tea, massage his leg and fall into a bed that wasn’t surrounded by dozens of others like his bunk at the hospital or in the barracks.
Angelo pours a glass for me and sets the bottle back on the table.  “I will leave you now to decide on your meal.”
The fact that Sherlock is so open about his affection still catches me off guard, even after being surrounded by it for weeks.  After a brief internal freakout, the likes of which are becoming less frequent,  I finally get my fingers to tap out a reply.  ⟪I miss you, too.  Text me when you’re at the airport.⟫
⟪Slight problem.  I have no cash on me and I do not want to risk connecting my bank card to your address. SH⟫
This admission feels like a punch to the solar plexus.  My hands clench into fists and I attempt to calm the rage coursing through my body.  I look between them and, for first time, notice the family resemblance in some of their features, which only serves to piss me off even more.
“Oh, John!  Is he off then?”  She’s wearing an apron and there is a delicious smell coming from her flat.
Although, officially, no one knows that yet.  Sherlock has attended the premieres and other award shows so far on his own.  The expectation is that he will do the same tonight, so there really is no pressure for me to walk the red carpet with him.
Sherlock hesitated. “I feel like I should apologise, for writing to you after so many years. I cannot imagine what you must have thought upon receiving my letter, but I am glad that you have come. I confess, I was not sure that you would.”
His fingers fly over the screen, tapping away at a message to some unknown person.  I feel horribly awkward standing there, watching him text someone else with my mobile.  Not sure what to do with myself, I look away and scuff the toe of my shoe on the pavement.
“Hey, Mols.”  I lean in to kiss her cheek and then step to the side so I can introduce him.  “This is Sherlock.”
“Right, well, this week has been total shit at work.  There’s an impossible case that we just can’t seem to crack and the Chief Constable is breathing down our necks about it, especially mine after I fucked up an interview, so now I’m worried about getting a demerit.  Plus, I was a total arse to my best friend earlier tonight and I still feel like awful about that.  Sorry again, Johnny,” he says, tipping his glass in my direction.  I wave him off.
“Sherlock, shut up,” John hissed, keeping an eye on one man who looked big enough and drunk enough to crush Sherlock.
“No more than a few hours -- I have assigned three agents to help her search through the information.”
“So, you’re at home and safe?  Good.”  I blow out a deep breath, relieved.  At least Sherlock is okay, although I’m not sure what I would have done if he hadn’t answered or wasn’t safe and sound at home.  Probably something stupid.  “Um, you haven’t received any strange texts lately, have you?”
In slow motion, he watched as the red hats reached John first, grabbing his arms roughly and jerking him away from Molly.
I watch him warily as he paces around the shop, glancing all around him, probably observing each small change that has taken place since he was last in.  The silence stretches out between us and I wonder if he’s at as much of a loss as I am.  For a situation like this, I cannot think of a single appropriate conversation starter.  I lean on the edge of the counter and wait for him to sort through whatever is going on in his head and explain.  Clearly, something has brought him to my door, agitated and anxious as he is.
With a final glance at the map on my phone, I set off towards Northumberland Street, and then am held up by a traffic light.  Instead of normal green men, the crossings in this part of the city now have LGBT+ pride symbols -- the green light guiding me across the road at the moment are the figures of two men holding hands, forming a heart in the space between their bodies.  I take it as a good luck charm for the evening ahead.
This whole evening was proving to be a disaster.  Now, in addition to being trapped at the Ritz with a chaperone and his pompous brother, he had to listen to strangers offer up their opinions of the royal brothers, in which he invariably came up short.
Ahhhhhh! Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry for the long time between updates! My family came to visit from overseas and then I got ill so this chapter took a lot longer than I thought it would.  But it's here now, so I hope you enjoy.  Thank you for reading along so far and for your comments.  Only two more chapters to go! *gasp*
Hustling along the street, I fire off a text to both Greg and Mike to inform them that I’ll be a little late and continue to speed walk the twenty minutes to the pub, the physical exertion helping to mute the jumble of thoughts tumbling through my mind.
I make it to two o’clock before I am desperate to get out of there, so I throw on my coat, wave goodbye to Anderson and head out the door.  The Tube is relatively quiet at this time of day, so I easily find a seat on the Circle Line on my journey to Sherlock’s flat.
It’s rare that I feel grateful to have Anderson in the shop, but there are exceptions and today I accept his help and hide myself away in the office for the rest of the morning.  Besides sorting through a stack of papers on the desk, I attempt nothing else productive, instead choosing to play solitaire on the computer.  Greg texts at one point asking if I’ve received any other messages and I’m able to stem his worry as well as my own.
“Hello, John,” Sherlock greeted him, his voice rumbling lower than John remembered it, but then Sherlock had still been a gangly youth when they’d last met.
Sherlock poses for a photograph, begrudgingly I can tell, and I’m tempted to take out my own phone to document the moment, but I think that might push him over the edge so I just make a mental note to track down the image later.  The second Armon lowers his phone, the buzz in the flat kicks up a notch as all of the members of his team rush about to finish any final tasks as they prepare to depart for the theatre.
I step out of the car next to him and there is a split-second pause in the screaming, like the throngs of people gathered outside the theatre take a collective gasp as they register what is happening -- that Sherlock Holmes, critically acclaimed and newly out actor, has brought a date to the BAFTAs -- and then the screaming intensifies, louder than before.
Surveying the kitchen, John heaved another sigh - this would likely take him awhile.  He reached up to flick on the dusty radio that occupied a corner shelf in their cluttered kitchen, before turning on the hot water to fill the sink, squeezing in the washing up liquid and dumping in the first load of dishes.
With a nod, I bustle into the kitchen to prepare two cups of tea.  As they steep, I pick up the envelope Harry passed over to me yesterday and pull out the pages.  In my excitement (and dread) to get back to the flat, I hadn’t even opened it to look at her most recent work.  I pull out the drawings now and read them through quickly.  We’re nearing the end of the volume and it’s thrilling to see it come together fully.  I tuck them back into the envelope to finish preparing the tea -- sugar in one, milk in both -- and then, tucking the envelope under my arm, I pick up the cups of tea and walk carefully back to the bedroom.
After another deep breath, I try to explain the situation for the second time in the span of a few minutes.  I’m rambling a bit, but I manage to finish it coherently, tamping down on the anxiety that’s been building up inside of me since I stepped out of the Tube station.
Sherlock’s head was a whirlwind of irritation and panic, neither of which he would have admitted to if asked. Seeing as he was alone, at least for the moment, having abandoned John to finish the conversation with Lestrade, he took a pause to address them directly.
The question only served to make John laugh harder, and receive a glare from Sherlock.  John raised his pint glass and took a long, easy pull from it as though demonstrating how it’s done.  He felt like he was teaching the new recruits how to drink on their first furlough from the Army.  After a few more experimental sips, Sherlock settled back into his chair and said with a slight raise of his shoulders, “It is acceptable.”  John nodded in approval.
The Colonel got no further because Sherlock had heard enough. He bodily inserted himself into the mix and said, loudly, “I demand you release him at once.”
Mycroft watched him for a moment, shuffled the newspapers into some semblance of order and stood gracefully from his chair.  “I will speak with the King and Queen about your request.  However, I will consider this as a favour to you and the next time you neglect your princely duties, I shall not hesitate to use it to keep you in line.  Are we clear, dear brother?”
“No, Collins.  This is perfect.  I am not Prince William tonight, you must remember.  I am simply Sherlock, a common Londoner out celebrating V-E Day.  No one must recognise me!” Sherlock was practically giddy at the prospect of donning a disguise.  Granted, he still looked very much like himself, but he hoped that his informal dress and the fact that no one expected him to be in the streets would be enough to prevent him from being identified as royalty.
People had been gathered for hours and yet it took twenty minutes for the funeral procession to pass through Piccadilly Circus. Despite the abruptness, it seemed that the sight of the coffin had helped to console the King’s subjects who had turned out to pay respects. John felt it within himself, too, despite not being the most sentimental of men.
Earlier, when they had reached the garage where the royal family’s many vehicles were housed, John had whistled appreciatively, eyes travelling over the large collection of Bentleys, Rolls-Royces, and Jaguars, along with the more modest Vauxhalls and Renaults and a few motorbikes as well. Sherlock was used to the sight of the fleet of cars, but he could see why it’d be interesting to someone like John, who undoubtedly had never owned his own vehicle.
Kensington Palace loomed in front of him, stately and grand. A stark reminder of John’s own station.
“Oh, I, uh, just thought you might like something else to wear.  None of my shirts will fit you, unless you don’t mind busting out of it like the hulk.”  Poor attempt at humour, Watson.  “Err. . . but I’ve got a t-shirt here.  Better than nothing, I suppose.”
Sherlock watched as Barnes sputtered and shoved Ste in the shoulder.  “Yer one to talk, mate.  I need more booze if I’m gonna have to look at your face all evening.”  With that, he pulled a flask from his pocket and waved it at the group.
A smile tugged at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and he allowed it to unfurl completely. “No, neither does spending the evening with my brother at the Ritz.”
Somehow I survive to the end of the week and on Friday night, in true Watson style, I drink a couple beers and fall asleep in front of the telly while watching the documentary
With a soft chuckle, I swat him on the hip and go to the door to let Armon know it’s safe to re-enter.  I leave them to it and go to wait in the sitting room with the rest of Sherlock’s team.  Ten minutes later, he emerges in his full outfit and my jaw nearly hits the floor.  Honestly, while I always think Sherlock looks amazing, and while I’ve seen him in nearly every state of dress, this current outfit is just incredible.
This gets my attention.  Agents?  Just who the fuck is Mycroft?  At this point I have more questions than answers and I just want to make everyone stop and explain what the hell is going on.
“No, I’m not.  You said, ‘whoopsie daisy’!  Oh, John, you are a delight!”  Sherlock is barely able to contain his glee.  A huge smile lights up his face and he’s shaking with laughter, hands clasped together under his chin.
“I couldn’t be bothered replacing it,” John quipped with a shrug, then felt rather immature for brushing off Sherlock’s kind enquiries with sarcasm. “In all seriousness, though, I am well, Sherlock. Thank you." John hesitated a moment before continuing. "Can I. . . can I extend my condolences in regards to your father? I realise I'm several months late, but now that I have the opportunity to say it to you directly, I cannot help the urge I feel to offer you. . . comfort."
A memory flashed across his mind  and he saw himself standing in the middle of the road outside the hospital, watching Sherlock drive away on that warm June day. He had known it was the right choice, to say a final goodbye and draw a line under that time together, but he had been pained by it, and in the days following, his chest had ached and his traitorous limp had returned. He sat back in his chair, all too sure that he could end up in a similar state if he wasn’t careful right now.
Young John Watson, 1939. “I was always getting into scraps when I was a kid. Joining the Army forced me to learn some discipline.”
The buzzer goes and I nearly drop the teacup that I’ve been staring into for god knows how long.  I hurry over to the door and press the button to the intercom.
“Always good to have you back, Sherlock,” he says, clapping Sherlock familiarly on the shoulder.  “And this time with a date!”  Angelo looks positively thrilled by this development and throws me a wink.
Twisting slightly to the side for one final look, Sherlock nodded with satisfaction and moved towards the door, receiving a dark grey overcoat en route from Collins.  He threw it around his shoulders as he marched across the corridor, freeing his right knuckles in time to rap sharply on the door opposite.
Mycroft scoffs.  “‘People’ will just want more and more -- if you continue to pander to the depraved curiosity of the masses, then they’ll never move on from this aberration.  Focus on the film.”  He enunciates the final four words in the same way he spoke to me at the shop and the hair on the back of my neck stands on end.
We’re about thirty metres from the Strand, and Sherlock stops.  “John,” he says, eyes dark and voice deep and needy.
. Heart beating rapidly in his chest, he nodded, almost imperceptibly, but John’s eyes widened and he licked his lips. Sherlock watched the path of his tongue with fascination.
I give him a gentle push.  “Shove off then and I’ll get it.”  He rolls off of me and I find myself missing the contact immediately, but I shuffle to the edge of the mattress, suddenly remembering that I’m completely nude.  As I glance around the floor for my pants, Sherlock presses a hand against my hip and I nearly collapse back against him, but I spy the navy boxer-briefs near the foot of the bed and bend to retrieve them, pulling them on quickly.  “Tea?” I ask as I stand, minimally clothed, and stretch.
“Right,” John interrupted his musing. “So what does he look like, this chap that’s looking for you?”
Sherlock and I sit down next to Mike and Nicola and Sherlock takes control of the conversation, politely enquiring about their lines of work.  In the short time I’ve known him, he doesn’t strike me as particularly social, but he seems perfectly happy to chat and ask questions tonight.  I like listening to the deep rumbling of his voice next to me.  His laugh is surprisingly high pitched, however, and it makes me smile every time I hear it.
I don’t know how he puts up with it.  I can’t imagine my life being continually disrupted by fans and paparazzi and journalists.  The thought of having my personal life splashed across newspapers and websites to be discussed and judged by the faceless masses makes me cringe with discomfort and a small amount of fear.
He was proud that his hands remained steady as  he cleanly sliced open the envelope, removing the letter and unfolding it in one smooth motion. He did, however, give himself a moment to breathe, closing his eyes and gathering his courage, before looking down.
Sherlock wanted to laugh - John was a marvel! - but he refrained and pulled his lips into a smirk instead.  The Colonel was evidently not so pleased and Sherlock watched as he stepped down to tower over John.
When I turn it off at three in the morning, I feel strangely at peace and I’m able to fall asleep, despite the heat.
“I gather you are well, John, given the fact that you have advanced your career quite significantly since we last met?”
We sit like that for awhile, Sherlock continuing to tap away on his phone as I play with the curls at the back of his head.
“No, John.  I understand, familial duty calls.” It may be my nerves being stretched thin in this moment, but I imagine that he looks particularly dejected, like this is not how he’d wanted or expected this interaction to go at all, but then he looks speculative, eyes traveling over my face, and says, “Unless. . .”
“That may be true, but there’s also that eternal issue of rich people not wanting to share their nice things with the rabble.”
.  I wake up squinting on Saturday morning, glaring sunlight shining on my face because I forgot to close the curtains last night and my shoulder and back are stiff from spending the night passed out in the armchair.
Ste nodded and said, “Looks like your night’s goin’ even further downhill, Benton.  First, the Curzon Club, and now Cheekbones.  No tail for you!”
“Oh, you are a feisty one,” she says, grinning as she looks me over.  “I can see why Sherlock was falling all over himself for you!”  She pushes the drinks holder and paper bag at me and strides into the flat, leaving me behind in the corridor to shut the door.
“It can be rather grim, you realise, how us commoners live. Death, disease, poverty, worrying about how you’re going to get through each day.” John paused and then hastily added, “I don’t mean to mock your dream, don’t get me wrong. I just mean it isn’t some grand adventure, Sherlock.”
- The Cock & Bottle is a real pub in Notting Hill.  I’ve not been, but the name was too good to pass up -- Greg just couldn't resist the joke.
I wish he’d look at me, just so I could get a sense of what’s going on in his head, but he studiously avoids my eye.
PRINCE William himself answers the door, which is unexpected when one is visiting Kensington Palace, but he seems remarkably disinterested in participating in any of the pomp and circumstance that usually surrounds the royal family. So, on a rainy afternoon in January, I find myself being ushered into an eclectically-decorated but cozy drawing room to meet his other half and, unbeknownst to me, to spend the next four hours being altogether charmed by these two men.
“Sherlock, with you, I'm in real danger.  It looks like a perfect situation -- but my relatively inexperienced heart would, I fear, not recover if I was, once again, cast aside, which I would absolutely expect to be.  There are too many pictures of you everywhere, too many films.  You'd go and I'd be. . . well, buggered, basically.”
Behind them, a queue had started to form and Sherlock could hear some disgruntled muttering.  Ignoring them, he fixed the doorman with a stare and said, “I was with the General and the Major earlier this evening.  Perhaps they simply failed to make a note amidst the celebrations.  Certainly you can make an exception, especially on a night like this.”
“It’s not terribly unusual, but it would have derailed my career if it had broken at the time, at least that’s what I was led to believe.”
“John was just telling us about how he turned down Sherlock Holmes,” Greg says, raising an eyebrow at me.
As Meeks wrapped up his account of the accident, a sharp voice demanded from the mouth of the alley, “What’s going on here?”
This morning, however, when he would usually be preparing to head over to the ward for his morning rounds, John was now readying himself to honour the departed King and the father of the most intriguing man he had ever met.
“Oh, yes.  Of course!” I flick the kettle to boil again and grab two cups from the draining board.  “How do you take it?”
Sherlock harrumphs.  “No, I bought our dinner.  Sally just ensured that the order wouldn’t be traced back to me.”
He tried again.  “Germany has surrendered.  Papa is busy preparing his address to the nation, Churchill is currently...” Sherlock gestured vaguely, “negotiating a treaty, and the people have taken to the streets of London.  The world is experiencing a profound sense of happiness following years of horror, chaos and death, and I want to be a part of it.”
Watching as the crowds dispersed, John dismissed the soldiers under his command so that they could return to their barracks for some lunch and rest. Instead of immediately returning to the hospital himself, however, John wandered through the streets towards Blackheath, lost in a confusing tumult of memories, daydreams and worry.
“Not that they’d be interested in you, Benton, with someone like Cheekbones here about!” The tall soldier gestured to him and then grabbed the flask from Barnes, unscrewing the cap and taking a pull, before passing it to Sherlock.
“Cease your flailing.  It is only me.” His captor snapped in a harsh whisper, warm breath fluttering against the back of John’s ear.  The deep baritone and precise elocution was instantly familiar to John.  “I shall release you if you promise to not draw attention to our position.”
Out from the darkness on his left, a hand snagged his arm and pulled him sharply into an alcove in the exterior wall of the house, causing him to stumble.  By instinct, he struggled against the grip of his attacker, knocking away the hand that had come up to grip the front of his jacket.  The space was cramped, barely large enough to fit two grown men, and he cracked his knee on the brick wall in his attempt to free himself.  Before he could yell, a strong hand clamped down on his mouth and another secured his arms, pulling him firmly against the other man.
“You can dance, though, can’t you? You look like a dancer, all tall and lean and graceful. Besides, posh boys like you probably learn to waltz as soon as you can walk.”
Greg and Molly live just over half a mile from my shop in a narrow Georgian Terrace spread across three floors.  The exterior is painted a muted olive green, which would be absolutely lovely if it wasn’t framed by a shockingly pink house on the left and a bright yellow house on the right.  The combination is enough to make one feel ill.  Sherlock looks slightly taken aback as we approach the pink house.  “Don’t worry, we’re going to that one,” I say, nodding towards the house next door.  He nods approvingly and we mount the stairs to the front door.
In the end, Sherlock forfeits the newly-named Brownie of Despair to Harry, which in reality is just a second slice of the store-bought chocolate cake.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, Anderson.” I decide to ignore my embarrassment and focus on Anderson as a target for my outrage. If nothing else, I’m exceptionally attached to my stereotypically British ability to stifle my emotions and carry on regardless.
“And where were you thinking of going in this taxi?” his father asked, shifting his gaze to Sherlock.
He holds my gaze, eyes communicating deep emotions similar to the ones that are running through me.  “I’m glad you’re here, John,” he says, quietly.
As Harry’s big brother, I feel like it is my responsibility to give a toast, despite the fact that it raises a fleeting wave of anxiety in me.  I clear my throat tentatively and raise my glass.  “You all know I’m rubbish at this sort of thing, but before we eat, I think we need to acknowledge the reason for this little party tonight.  Harry, you’ve officially been a pain in my ass for thirty years now, but I can’t imagine what life would be like without colourful wardrobe or your wild stories that, frankly, make my life seem rather dull in comparison.  You are one of a kind, Harriet Watson.  Happy birthday.”
John did as he was bid and met the other guard as he entered the courtyard, a wide paved space with few adornments and one vehicle parked over on the right side.
“Excuse me?”  The woman, Sally, glances up from tapping away on her phone, and looks at Mycroft like he’s the reason for a constant headache.
With that, Sherlock turned in a swirl of coat and began striding down the alleyway, leaving John behind with Major Lestrade. With a nod and a muttered “Major” in salutation, John made to follow, but Lestrade grabbed his arm.
I glance over the menu, Sherlock making occasional comments about various dishes, like he can sense where my eyes rest on the page.  Everything sounds delicious.   Sherlock flags down Angelo so he’ll come take my order and I choose the linguine with clams and courgette in a white wine sauce.  Both Sherlock and Angelo nod their approval.
“Well, yes, that’s true, but seeing as I can go out without attracting attention, I just thought --”
John glanced up at Sherlock, who stood over them, his eyes surveying the supine soldier. “Yes, very.”
He wanted to disagree, but he realised he couldn’t.  John had enjoyed himself - the evening had taken a turn when Sherlock attempted to commandeer his cab.  Following him had been stupid and impulsive and positively thrilling.  John felt a grin curling at his lips and he let out a laugh.
This time, Sherlock shakes his head and squeezes me tighter.  “It felt all wrong without you there with me.  Any thrill I’d felt at past premieres completely evaporated tonight.”
John tilted his head back to have a better view up his nostrils, not the most flattering angle but he wanted to ensure that the bleeding had stopped. He could see a bit of dried blood but no bright red indicating fresh bleeding.
Beside him, John was happily tucking into the remaining portion on his plate. After taking a large bite, he set down his cutlery, glanced across the table and then at Sherlock, shooting him a covert wink.
I reach out and take his hand.  “Sherlock, we’ve discussed this.  Yes, this is terrifying for me, absolutely -- I’m not part of this world, not really, but I’m thrilled for you and I want to be with you tonight.”  And every night for the rest of our lives, I think, a vision of the velvet box hidden away in my flat appearing clearly in my mind, but I tamp that down -- now is not the time for that conversation.
Sherlock shakes his head.  The fact that he’s said so much about it already is rather a shock.  I stare at the side of his face, trying to figure out what’s going on inside that amazing brain of his.  He then takes a deep breath and says with determination, “I am a gay man, but I’m not ‘out’ --” he says the last word with a heavy amount of disdain “-- at least not as far as the masses are concerned.  I’ve played innumerable roles in my life, but ‘Sherlock Holmes’ might be the one I like least.”
John snorted out a surprised laugh, and Sherlock grinned at hearing it. “Never leave your dessert plate unattended around him, John. However, back to the topic at hand, simply put, the petty and frivolous intrigues of the palace are too tedious to bear, and I know there are real problems facing the people of London, so while Mycroft is initiated into the role of future monarch, I could assist people in other ways.”
No, there would have been something more to draw you into the Army.  It was not the path you envisioned for yourself, clearly.  You are intelligent and capable, with a schoolboy dream of attending university for medicine, but that did not pan out as you had hoped.  Trouble with finances -- a gambling problem. . . ah, your father.”  Upon making this deduction, Sherlock stumbled, hoping he had not caused offense by revealing something so personal.  John eyes widened, but otherwise he did not react.  Sherlock quickly scanned John’s face for some indication that he had not pushed too far before continuing, “Well, becoming an Army medic must have seemed like a decent alternative then.  Not to mention the fact that you are decisive and brave. Two qualities which were, I am certain, immensely desirable in a combat medic.”
about their meet cute, the difficulty of maintaining a same-sex relationship before decriminalisation, and their recent commitment ceremony, it is clear these two have discovered the secret to a lifetime of happiness together.
“Fine,” Sherlock Holmes clips out. He sets the books back down on the shelf and makes his way to the counter. If I hadn’t just taken part in our previous conversation, I would have said he was restrained and polite, but now that I’ve seen a different side to him, I can read the irritation in his movements. When he reaches the counter, he picks up an abandoned Bic pen and flips over a flyer for a community performance of Much Ado About Nothing. “To whom do I make it out?”
His tongue frequently got him into trouble, but he knew he was still safely within the limits as his father just looked at him, eyes hardening slightly, before deciding it was not worth the fight and instead turning to Mycroft and Major Lestrade to discuss the details of their outing.  Sherlock didn’t listen.  If he was going to be forced to attend a sanctioned party at the Ritz under the annoyingly watchful eye of his brother and this Army yes-man Lestrade, then he would need to be exceedingly clever in how he gave them the slip.  Best to lull them into a false sense of security beginning now.
Sherlock pulled himself up to his full height and in a harsh whisper, unleashed his deductions. “The Army was not your intended career path.  Your father was a clockmaker and he was training you to take over his business, but this tutelage ceased unexpectedly, perhaps with his untimely death, no, he became ill and you could not manage the shop so it was sold off.  Instead you went out to seek alternative employment, working odd jobs throughout your teenage years.”
“No, Sherlock,” John said, interrupting his spiral of uncertainty and giving him a questioning look.  “That was incredible.  I don’t understand how you did it, and yes, it’s a bit uncomfortable to have your life laid bare so easily, but it’s amazing nonetheless.”
Large windows lined the walls, but these started at chest-height and were frequently blocked by floral arrangements atop tables or statues.  Sherlock could not see any mechanism that would easily open the windows either, limiting their possibility as an escape route.  Besides the main entrance, there were two other doors leading out of the room, but nearer the external wall of the hotel.  They were most likely not used by guests; Sherlock made note to observe how frequently they were used and by whom.
With shaking hands, I pull out my mobile to ring Greg and pray he’s not tied up with an investigation.
“That explains the poor balance and coordination,” Sherlock muttered, with a slight roll of his eyes. “It appears that he struck the low railing, falling backwards over it and was unable to break his fall with his hands. There is quite a bit of blood where his head struck the ground, so I suspect he lost consciousness immediately. That does not explain how he ended up here, however.”
The Ritz?  Jesus Christ, he really was a posh git. Regardless of the swanky destination, Sherlock was clearly loath to go with the Major, so John decided to join the fight of persuasion. “Is that where you were just headed, Major, the Ritz?  Seems a bit out of the way to end up here.”
“John, I’m sorry for the way I spoke to you earlier.  It was uncalled for and I know you were just trying to help.”
“I shall do my best, Sherlock, but I cannot guarantee you will not face some consequence upon your return.” Turning to the taxi driver, he said, “To Buckingham Palace, if you please.”
Greg stops walking and turns to me, an exasperated yet fond look on his face.  “I am glad that you found someone you feel comfortable sharing that part of yourself with.  I know it’s hard for you to talk about your time in the Army and I never wanted to press you about it, but it always seemed like there were. . . memories rippling under the surface, things that you kept a tight lid on.  If Sherlock can help, I don’t know, unburden you a bit, then yes, I am very glad for you, John.  It sounds like you’ve found a partner -- a particularly handsome, talented and famous partner.”
⟪First lovers’ quarrel, hm?  Glad he’s all right though.  The number didn’t give us anything - probably a burner.  So even though you’ve blocked it, I wouldn’t be surprised if you got more from another number.  If you do, send me the screenshots and we’ll add them to the file.⟫
If you are reading this fic as new chapters are posted, please go back and re-read the end of chapter five before continuing. I've made a small change that impacts on the action of this chapter - nothing huge, but everything makes a bit more sense with the reworked scene in chapter five. (Oh, the joys of writing a WIP...) Anway, start from the point where John is apprehended by the redhats and you should be golden.
“I slept on the sofa, as you are well aware from the stack of pillows and blankets,” he spits out, a flash of embarrassment crossing his face.
But Sherlock did not appear remotely intimidated. Instead he seemed to grow more sure, more...powerful. It was a strange juxtaposition, comparing this Sherlock to the one who’d trembled in his arms after they’d kissed. (The kiss itself was too big, too wonderful and too scary to fully inspect right now. John packed it away in his mind.)
Third, I haven’t been in a relationship in. . . well, ever, really.  I’ve never been in a functioning, adult relationship, and although it pains me to admit it, I panicked.  I let Mycroft talk me into preemptively abandoning it.  Sally told me I was being a jackass.”  Sherlock’s mouth pulls up into a self-deprecating half-smile and then looks me boldly in the eye, and says, “John, I missed you.  Every day.  And I’m sorry for mistreating you so badly.”
With a final half-smile, Papa turned and walked out of the Morning Room. With his departure, the four remaining diners lapsed into silence once again. Mycroft still seemed rather irked about the events of the previous night and had only spoken in clipped sentences with an occasional glare thrown Sherlock’s way throughout the morning. Lestrade was focused on his food, perhaps thinking that the sooner he completed his meal, the sooner he could be away from them all. Sherlock did not blame him.
Greg claps me on the shoulder.  “Perfect.  Gotta run before Dimmock reports me for shirking my duties,” he says in a cheeky whisper.  “See you later, mate!”
“Landscape architect Frederick Law Olmstead once famously exclaimed that parks are ‘the lungs of the city’ -- I can’t disagree with him.  Despite still being able to hear the traffic from the main road and knowing that there are a multitude of families going about their business in houses not 20 metres from here, green spaces still give the illusion of being in an urban oasis of fresh air and organic matter.”
It’s like ice running through my veins.  I don’t know how he knows who I am or about my injury, but I immediately square myself up, shoulders pulled back in a defensive posture, my fists clenched.  I grit out, “I don’t need to sit down.”
Sherlock just sighs and shifts up so he’s resting his chin on his hand and looks me the eye for the first time this morning.  “I am a curious and unrelenting person, with little consideration for social niceties, and I’ve been trapped in your flat for three days, bored and antagonised by the press.  In these circumstances, it would surprise no one if I was to seek any source of entertainment, no matter how small -- and John, you are the most interesting subject matter I could possibly imagine.  However, I did not go through your things as you are imagining. . . well, with the exception of your bookshelves, but those are openly displayed so I assumed they were up for perusal.  While we made dinner last night, I noticed an envelope amongst the things you brought in and it was opened to reveal a sliver of drawings, which I recognised as panels of a comic.  The envelope was the same style as the one Harry gave you after her birthday dinner, which led me to assume this was an ongoing project you are working on together.  I didn’t remove the drawings from the envelope to read them, but I must admit that it was a close thing because I am desperate to find out every little thing about you, but I didn’t want to overstep.”
AFTER the war, Sherlock attended Oxford University, where he received an Honours degree in chemistry. He also travelled extensively throughout the Commonwealth, performing the odd royal duty here and there, but as he tells it, his main goal for the trip was to escape “Mycroft’s nagging”, but this complaint about his late brother is softened with a sense of routine jest.  While Sherlock was globetrotting, John was focused on becoming a doctor, eventually rising in rank to Lieutenant-Colonel and in 1950, taking over command of the Royal Herbert Hospital, the very hospital where he had recovered from his own wounds.
Rubbing my hands over my thighs, I prepare to stand up and do something moderately productive, when I remember that I had planned on running home after work to change before Harry’s party, which I now will not have time to do.  And I certainly cannot go to dinner wearing a worn and rumpled blue Oxford and brown corduroy trousers, the combination no doubt giving me the air of a poor literature professor who finds his clothing at charity shops.  Sherlock will look fantastic in whatever he wears, so I can’t look schlumpy in comparison.
“Pardon?” Apparently I passed whatever test he’d devised, but he seems to be in the middle of a conversation I don’t remember starting and I have no clue what he means.
Nevertheless, it was his duty and here he stood, freezing on the street corner in Piccadilly on a bitter morning in February, waiting for the carriage carrying the body of King George VI to pass. Somewhere amongst the procession would be Sherlock, and the thought of seeing him in the flesh for the first time in nearly seven years warmed him. It didn’t matter that there would be many meters in between them and that John would be lost amongst the sea of humanity out to pay respects. He would catch a glimpse of the prince and that would be enough to settle some of his worry.
The temperature dropped as the sun sank lower in the sky and John shivered. Of course, it didn’t escape Sherlock’s keen, observational eye and he turned them back towards the french doors. John reached out to open them, but Sherlock beat him to it in a bizarre reversal of roles. He smiled shyly at John and gestured him forward into the welcoming warmth of the foyer.
Victory!  Sherlock hid his smile and tried to feign indifference.  “Just get me out of this palace and I’ll be happy.  We can, as they say, see where the night takes us.”
Sherlock hums.  “You’ve been working on it consistently so it must have been successful to some degree.  Why a comic book?”
⟪Good morning! Sorry if we gave you a hard time last night, mate - you know we can’t help ourselves. It’s still really fucking weird that Sherlock Holmes was in my house. Weird but really cool. So um...hope you and Sherlock had a good time?⟫
“Well, I had to!” Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air, blood-stained  handkerchief fluttering brightly in the dim light. “In case you have not noticed, I live my life in a bubble. I have never made a cup of blooming tea for myself, let alone been out on my own. Not once, not properly. I am always chaperoned, hence Major Lestrade’s presence. I am aware that it might sound ridiculous, but I needed to be away from it all, to know how the people were celebrating, and tonight nobody gave a damn who I was. If I had not ended up in your taxi, I would never have had the opportunity to just be...ordinary, on the most extraordinary night of my life.”
I’d been an oblivious fool in front of one of the most famous actors in Britain, practically simpering under his attention and I’m sure he thought I was completely daft, wittering away as I’d done.
I realise that Janine has been talking at me while making my cappuccino and I’ve not taken in any of it.  She seems to be finishing a story about her flatmate’s new job at a bar in Soho so I tune back in to hear her say “. . . and the other night the drummer from that band, you know, the one that was just on the Graham Norton Show, came in with a bunch of his friends and after serving them drinks all night, she went and partied with them at their hotel and they gave her tickets to their gig tonight.”
It’s not one that I’ve seen, but I think I remember seeing the trailer for it a few years ago.   I’m fairly certain it won a lot of awards.  Perhaps I should be more familiar with Sherlock’s IMDB page.
“Private? Can you hear me?” While John attempted to capture his patient’s attention, he heard footsteps approach and stop next to him.
“But you can have both, Sherlock -- a successful career and a personal life!  It doesn’t have to be one or the other.  There are ways to stop people like him, there must be!”  I stare up at him, challengingly, hands on my hips.  I don’t want him to just give in -- we’ve barely had any time together, but it’s like we’re in a car and the brakes have gone.  We’re gathering speed and heading towards impact.
Last week, there was still a hint of summer, days infused with an unseasonable warmth.  Now the air is crisp and the city is a burst of colour, the leaves changing from green to a bright array of yellows, oranges and reds, lit by the weak autumn sun.  At times like this, my walk to and from work is the best part of the day -- the world seems more beautiful than it has been in a long time.
He contemplates the shirt and then reaches a hand out to take it from me before retreating behind the door.  Exhaling deeply, I head back to the kitchen and pop the kettle on out of habit.  It’s just about boiled when I hear the bathroom door open again.
“Sherlock!  Hi!”  Surprise doesn’t even come close.  Gone is the suit from the other day and instead he’s wearing slim jeans, a navy button-down shirt tucked in at the waist and rolled up to his elbows, and brown leather Chelsea boots.  Less formidable, yes, but no less intimidating.
At that, Sherlock approached and knelt gingerly near the man’s head, his hand replacing John’s over the wound.
“Would you care for another cup?” Sherlock asked, gesturing to the teapot. He seemed oddly eager to pour again and John wasn’t going to deny him.
Their eyes met and John felt a shock of familiar electricity run through him. While he his face had matured and his long limbs had gained muscle and grace, Sherlock’s eyes were exactly the same. Grey and searching, seeming to peer into John’s mind, to all the thoughts he tried to keep hidden. Grief still lingered in their depths, the recognition of which made John’s heart ache.
Once the now-iconic photo of them leaving Westminster had been published, speculation began on if and when the couple might have their own ceremony when the law was enacted. As is typical with royal couples, the country was gripped by the possibility of this union, and Sherlock and John soon found themselves the topic of conversation at dinner tables, on the covers of tabloid magazines, and having bets placed on them by bookies from Bristol to Aberdeen. “We were far too old for all that,” John says, with a laugh. “I couldn’t understand all the fuss for two doddering old men like us.” To which Sherlock replies, “John has never understood that he is endlessly fascinating, regardless of his advancing age, so of course the public would love him, just as I do.”
With a sniff and what appeared to be some internal struggle, John forced himself to relax and look at Sherlock again, his eyes wide. “You are under no obligation to tell me why the Major is duty bound to keep you on a short lead, but I hope you know you could tell me, if you wanted. And either way, I will help you. You know that, right? Lestrade may outrank me, but you are my friend.” And with that, John let out a breath, like this speech had taken considerable energy to execute.
Any restraint I had vanishes at the look on Sherlock’s face and I grab him by the back of his neck to pull his mouth down to mine, chasing his tongue and sucking at his bottom lip.  I can feel his moan down to my toes, my knees going a bit week as a result.  We seem to make the decision to seek out a soft surface at the same time, manoeuvring inelegantly through the kitchen door and down the hall to my bedroom.
“Oh, and you do?” I stare the man down for a few seconds before continuing, “He’s a grown man, who is clearly intelligent and talented.  I’m fairly certain he can make up his own mind about what’s best for him, and if that includes me, then that’s up to him.”
Staring straight ahead at the bottles of alcohol that line the wall behind the bar, I say, “Sherlock is in my flat.”
While he’s in the bathroom, I quickly scan the sitting room and kitchen for any mess or things I’d rather not have seen by the man down the hall, and then head to my bedroom.  There’s not much he can actually do to sort his coffee-stained shirt so I dig through my dresser and pull out the newest white t-shirt that I have.
.  Sherlock plays a doctor, living on the Devon coast at the turn of the century, who believes he is being stalked.  Angelo does appear in a scene in the pub and Sherlock’s performance is amazing.
Despite shaking fingers, I manage to roll on the condom, the once familiar motion feeling strangely foreign given the importance of what will happen next, and move to lay between Sherlock’s legs.  I take a deep breath to collect myself and look down at him.  Even in the shadowy darkness, he looks radiant and so very open, every last barrier stripped away.
“Of course, John.”  His voice is clear and steady, but the appearance of confidence is shattered when he leans his head against me.  My heart hurts for him in that moment, but I don’t press him to talk about it.
By the time the eggs were done, the kettle still hadn’t boiled so they sat down at the table and dug into their middle-of-the-night meal, served on mismatched plates and eaten with cheap tin forks, of which John was hyper aware, but Sherlock didn’t seem to notice.
Sherlock followed his brother, speaking to various lords and ladies and accepting their well-wishes and attempts at flattery.  He responded as necessary, but seeing as this required little of his attention, he began cataloguing the room.  With Lestrade outside, he would need to devise a plan to exit the Ritz without being noticed.
When I ask them about that day, Sherlock speaks first. “We had waited long enough,” he declares, intensity radiating off him, and he looks as though he wants to continue with his impassioned speech, but he is interrupted before he can. John continues the story, “When we attended that session of Parliament, we hadn’t gone in with much of a plan. We just wanted to be there to see it happen. Considering what things were like for men like us fifty years ago, it was remarkable to see legislation enacted that would grant us the ability to have our relationship recognised by the state. As we were leaving, it felt right to show solidarity with all those who have fought for equal rights publicly, something we had never been able to do.”
“Well, you’re finally here.  Now what?” John asked, casting his eyes around.  Although he had a benign smile on his face and did not look, at first glance, out of place, Sherlock could see the tension in the way he held himself that belied the truth.  Despite the sharp lines of his uniform, Captain Watson’s shoulders were slumped, like he was drawing in on himself, attempting to blend into the crowd.
It’s the first time I’ve heard from him all day.  After his comments this morning, I expected him to be texting every ten minutes.  Thinking about his prolonged silence makes me wonder if he did make good on his other threat of snooping through my things.  I push that thought aside and reply to his message.
John’s head snapped up out of habit and his eyes widened as he took in the sight of this new addition to the scene.  At the entrance to the alley stood Major Lestrade, jaw tight and eyes sharp.  A note of worry ran down John’s spine at the sight of him, but Sherlock’s mysterious quarrel with this man wasn’t his chief concern at the moment.
It’s then that I notice everyone in the room watching us with unrestrained interest.  It’s probably the first time any of them have seen Sherlock relaxed and playful, instead of his usual whirlwind of sharp words and disinterest.  I hug him a little closer at the thought.
“Good manners,” I say after a while, referencing our earlier conversation, and Sherlock lips quirk into a half-smile.  “You ready to go?”
It was quickly apparent that Sherlock had little finesse, but he made up for it with sheer enthusiasm. He kissed John with abandon, like all his desire had been trapped behind a dam, which now had broken and it was pouring out of him in torrents. John thought he would happily be swept away by it - after all, that seemed to be an accurate description of their relationship since the beginning. Sherlock was a force of nature and John bent, swayed, followed, clung on, fitted himself into Sherlock’s life, his space and, apparently, his heart.
Sherlock stared at John’s glass for a moment, before removing his gloves and raising his own to meet it, clinking them together, causing ale to slosh from both glasses and spill down the sides. “Cheers,” he said in response, and John was fairly certain that such a common phrase had never passed Sherlock’s lips before.  He may play at being relaxed, but he was clearly out of his element in a pub, and it was endlessly amusing.
Like he could ever say no to Sherlock. Despite feeling a sense of inevitability, John attempted an ambivalent shrug. “No, it’s okay. Let’s get you cleaned up.”
Perhaps I should have debated about giving him keys for longer than I did, some might say it’s too soon, but honestly I don’t even care.  It works for us, and when he walks into the kitchen, still wearing his coat and scarf and approaches me swiftly to plant a kiss on my mouth, I can’t complain.
They seem to be discussing bloodborne pathogens for some strange reason, and I’m suddenly reminded of a Health and Safety training I took when I opened up the shop.  They’re throwing around various scientific terms that go quickly over my head, but Greg joins in, supplementing the medical discussion with details from a couple cases he’s worked on with the Met.  I sit and watch them chat, sipping my wine and feeling more at ease now after a slightly bumpy start to the evening.
The remaining half mile to the hospital was a tree-lined cobblestone road that ultimately led to the grand brick building, Shooter’s Hill rising gently to the east. Sherlock drove with his breath caught in his lungs and reluctantly slowed the car to a stop at the kerb next to the large arched entrance, guarded on either side by young soldiers.
Sally rolls her eyes, “Or we can play it so that it works in his favour and builds the interest around this film.  Either he talks about it himself or people will continue to speculate, undoubtedly embellishing the story with their own fantasties and prejudices, which will only make it worse!  He will answer questions with simple, straightforward and
I potter about the kitchen, pouring milk into the tea and putting a couple satsumas on the tray along with the toast.  It might be pushing my luck with those, but I risk it anyway.
And thank you to @eternaljohnlock and @zigster-ao3 for looking over this chapter.  This chapter was a challenge and a half.
After making our escape, Sherlock and I step out of Greg and Molly’s house, jog down the five steps, and by some unspoken agreement turn left, setting out at a leisurely pace through the streets of Notting Hill.  While it’s cooler now that the sun has set over London, the night air is inviting, and maybe I’m imagining things, but it feels filled with a sense of anticipation.
Their story begins with a chance meeting on V-E Day and weaves through the next six decades as one of the most enduring - and secretive - of royal romances. But as Prince William and his long-time partner John Watson tell
From his cocoon of blankets, John could just make out the faint outline of the window through the gloom of his bedroom. He hadn’t drawn the curtains last night, which was stupid really, considering how draughty his flat was, but he had been dead on his feet from a day at the hospital and had fallen into bed without going through his normal nighttime routine.
“Fine, draft something, Sally,” Sherlock waves a hand at her and then sits up straighter on the sofa, “but let me see it before it’s released.”
His time spent sneaking about the palace and various other royal residences without drawing the attention of Papa, Mummy, Mycroft or the multitude of servants and guards now served him well as he moved silently and quickly through the party, shoulders drawn up and head down, disinviting any conversation that some unwitting fool might try to lob at him.
Finally, six o’clock arrives and I’m able to rush through our end-of-the-day tasks before running home to shower and change my clothes, once again attempting to pull together an outfit that is moderately stylish and worthy of Sherlock Holmes.
The collar of my starched shirt is digging into my neck and it’s far too warm inside the car.  I shift against the seat, trying to relieve some of the pressure building up inside my chest, but it’s useless.  There’s no way to be comfortable while wearing this tuxedo en route to the bloody BAFTAs.
“Yes, the question is this: if this unpleasant revelation about my past wasn’t in the press, or perhaps more accurately, despite this unpleasant revelation about my past being in the press, and the fact that I behaved so badly before, I was wondering if you might let me see you a bit or a lot maybe, if perhaps you could. . . like me again?”
“You can put aside whatever fanciful notions you have created in your dull little mind.” John rolled his eyes but was ignored while the man continued, “As I stated in the taxi, it was a minor misunderstanding and I simply wished to be out of his presence as quickly as possible.”
I get to Caffe Nero before Greg, loitering awkwardly in the entryway waiting for him to arrive.  The cafe is relatively quiet, it being a Sunday afternoon and all.   There are only a couple tables occupied -- having a choice of tables is a rare thing in London coffee shops.  The baristas are leaning casually on the counter, chatting in between customers and I watch a mum trying to contain the mess as her toddler destroys a biscuit on the table.
The bell over the door rings and I glance up from the paper in front of me, expecting Anderson, but instead I see the back of a finely dressed, balding gentleman who is shaking out his umbrella in the doorway.  With precise movements of habit, he snaps his umbrella closed and hooks the cane handle over his elbow before stepping inside and closing the door behind him.
“Oh, thanks! Hey, what does it say below my name?” Anderson asks, staring at the paper in puzzlement.
“It’s not quite six yet -- are you going to close up early?”  He asks this so earnestly that it shakes the nervousness from me and the excitement takes over.
Mike, as usual, cuts to the chase.  “You know it’s inevitable, John.  Might as well make a run for it now!”
With the rest of the crowd, John turned and saw a man walking quickly through the hall, tailed by Major Lestrade. And this, thought John, must be “Mycroft,” or Prince bloody Henry. He arrived at Sherlock’s side and Major Lestrade came to a stop at his opposite shoulder, fishing in his pocket and offering a handkerchief to Sherlock.
Sherlock dipped his head and focused on eating his breakfast, the food losing some of its taste as he stewed in his discomfiture. A moment later, John pressed a reassuring elbow against his and he felt marginally better.
It was a warm afternoon, one of those that indicated that the bitter winds of winter were firmly behind them for another year. The tree-lined avenue in front of the palace was quiet but for a few ambling pedestrians, out enjoying the sunshine. The trees themselves appeared to be rejoicing in the warmer weather as well, with small green buds visible on the branches, soon to be a leafy green canopy.
The spell had broken when John looked up and said, “You really are a posh git, aren’t you?” But his eyes, dark with intensity and a trace of humour, and his rough voice led Sherlock to realise he was not being mocked. Instead, he had felt that John rather liked some of the more pretentious aspects of his appearance and comportment.
Jumping up from the sofa, he’s a whirlwind of motion, pacing about the room.  “Mycroft, get out.  Sally, draft the statement and text it to me.  I will answer questions about rehab, but interviewers will be briefed that they cannot focus on it or the interview will be terminated.  The questions will simply be to address the rumours and then we’ll move on to the actual topic at hand, my role in
After long minutes of navigating the masses, they reached the base of the monument.  Sherlock turned to look out at the sea of people, and John came to a stop in front of him.
It's a sincere compliment and I suspect those are hard to earn from Sherlock, so I suddenly feel like I've been knocked off balance.  His hand finds mine and squeezes my fingers.
Once they were safely hidden in the shadows of the trees, Sherlock stopped and John gratefully came to rest beside him.  His posture, doubled over with his hands on his knees, in contrast to Sherlock’s elegant frame leaning back against one of the tall trunks.
Sherlock appears to sense me watching because he stops his tirade and glances through the door at me, his eyes tinged with irritation and, surprisingly, guilt.  “John, good morning,” he says, before crisply turning back to face his adversary across the room.
If that were to happen, it would surely be the end. As was typical of people meeting a member of the royal family, John would treat him differently if he knew that Sherlock was, in fact, Prince William. And, as he thought about it, John would most likely consider it a bit not good if he knew Sherlock had lied to him about his identity throughout the duration of their acquaintance.
Leaving the foyer, they passed a series of imposing closed doors until the footman drew up at one near the end of the corridor, which he stepped through without hesitation and announced John to the room.
Before the women could progress any further in their assessment of his failings of duty and comportment, he decided to confirm their assumptions and swiftly stepped around the decor to join the pair.
I give myself a little shake and open my mouth again, aiming to pull myself together a bit.  “Ha.  I, uh, no, not intentional.  This is, believe it or not, just my typical luck.  Meet world famous actor, allow Anderson to chase him from my shop, and then throw coffee on said world famous actor.  There really was no possibility of this happening in a manner that was not wholly awkward and mortifying for me and you.   So, yes -- sorry again.”
Sherlock stiffens visibly at the mention of James Moriarty, an actor who I’ve completely forgotten about in the last five years or so.  After a few big British films, he seems to have lost favour as I don’t remember seeing him in anything recently, here or in the US.  Sherlock hasn’t mentioned him by name and I had no clue that they were ever connected.  The idea that Sherlock had any kind of relationship with him makes my skin itch -- I don’t like thinking of him as Sherlock’s lover or drug dealer or anything else.
⟪Sherlock, the nutter sending the texts came into my shop today.  Can I see you?  So I can fill you in and make sure you’re okay?⟫
“Although, it seems like you’re determined to make me as tired as possible when I’m on parade tomorrow. I hadn’t planned on such a late night!” John said, with a chuckle.
“Oh, thank Christ.  There are some things I don’t need to know.  Just as long as you’re happy, it’s all good with me.”
“No, I don’t think he will, at least not soon.  He seemed rather certain that his point had been made when he left.”
“And what do you propose we do whilst out celebrating amongst the people?” Mycroft asked, sipping his tea.
He’s dressed to ward off the chill of the evening -- long grey coat, collar pulled up around his ears, a blue cashmere scarf wrapped around his neck, hands in his pocket.  His eyes look haunted and his shoulders are slumped, the effect startles me, it’s so unlike his usual demeanor.
Sally saunters over to Mycroft and she glares at him, jaw sticking out and hands on her hips.  “Oh, and tell me, what experience do you have in handling publicity for a celebrity?  Why should I listen to a goddamn thing you say about this?”
“Quite right.  He commended himself quite well alongside the King during the war.  It’s a shame the younger does not seem to be cut of the same cloth.”
John could hear the patter of raindrops hitting the windowpane as he lay in bed, anticipating the harsh ring of his alarm. Outside, the darkness would linger for many hours yet.
Mike laughs.  “I buy the bumbling and coffee-spilling, mate.  The rest of it seems a little far fetched.”
Except instead of spotlights, we’re illuminated by the orange glow of London street lamps and it’s just an intimate audience of two.  My brain keeps repeating
“So atrocious grammar aside, it’s an accurate representation of the current state of affairs,” I continue, taking a step closer to the armchair with each word.  “I falsed when I should have trued, and I’d like to retract my words from last night, if that’s possible.”
Captain John Watson, aged 23, served in World War II as an army medic attached to the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and he saw active duty in France, eventually suffering a bullet wound to his left shoulder in November 1944, which sent him home to England for good. After months of surgeries and painful rehabilitation, John had reached quite a dark place, struggling to come to terms with the limitations on his body and with what the future might hold for him, if anything. By the time the war was over and V-E Day rolled around, John was in no mood to celebrate, choosing instead to spend the night on his own, holed up in his sister Harriet’s flat.
The flat was quiet and the air around them felt charged. Distantly, John knew the seconds were ticking by as he continued to trace light patterns over Sherlock’s skin. With everything that had happened tonight, a complicated mix of emotions was coursing through him, but the one currently at the forefront was attraction. A sense of being pulled towards Sherlock, just like on Sloane Street, and he was loath to let this moment end, not wanting to acknowledge the reality of their situation. Now that he knew Sherlock was, in fact, Prince William, he understood deep down that this connection between them would only last for this one night. How could they possibly continue this...liaison given the difference in status between them and the public nature of Sherlock’s life? John couldn’t see how it would work.
This chapter took a bit longer to pull together because of other things getting in the way, but here it is, a whole lot of fluff heading your way!  I just couldn't resist adapting this scene from the film.  You know the one...
There’s nothing for it, I’ll just need to go home.  I rush back to the office, grab my keys to lock up and then head back to the flat.  I fire off a text to Greg as I walk, informing him that I'm bringing someone to dinner.  Seems rude to show up with a date unannounced.
“Major Lestrade, I am perfectly fine!” Sherlock yelped, his voice higher than usual, which made John frown and cut his eyes to his friend. He looked like a spooked horse, ready to bolt at the slightest sound or movement. John nudged him aside to keep consistent pressure on the wound himself.
“Why don’t you go on in, Colonel, and we’ll be on our way,” John said, his words polite but his tone scornful.
Reentering the kitchen, he flaps his hand dismissively.  “I’ve lost any sense of professional concern over knowing my schedule.   Whatever it is, it will be dull.”  He sits down heavily at the table and scrubs his hands through his hair, his curls becoming wilder than usual.  I stir a teaspoon of sugar into his tea and place the cup in front of him, dropping a kiss into his mad hair as I lean down.
But that is where the Fates stepped in. While John was in a taxi bound for Battersea, a stranger jumped in and demanded that the driver take him to Trafalgar Square. "Sherlock had never ridden in a taxi before,” John says with a laugh, patting Sherlock on the hand. “I think he just assumed he could order anyone about and get what he wanted!”
Sherlock shrugged, suddenly embarrassed. “Earlier tonight you jokingly called me ‘detective’, and while that does seem outlandish, I feel it would be something at which I would excel. I see things—patterns, clues, tells. It just happens in my brain, it is impossible to stop it, so instead of just racking up deductions about every person I meet to no effect, I could… help. Solve things, I mean, put it to use. Seems a bit more productive than finding out which noble is in debt due to excessive gambling, which footman is sleeping with which maid or how much weight Mycroft gains because of the sweet tooth he does not admit to having.”
On my walk home, I had planned what I was going to say to him, something sweepingly romantic to explain my change of heart, but all those words escape me at the moment, and for some reason what comes to mind is a quote from the Peanuts.
Uncomfortable with the compliments, John ruffled a hand through his hair. “Er, Mrs Hudson, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, Mrs Hudson, Harry’s landlady.”
Nicola nods in agreement.  “And the scenery was breathtaking.  I begged Mike to take me to Prague after seeing it in the cinema.”
The guard looked him over and nodded. “One moment, please.” After a precise about-face, the guard disappeared through the gate to make an enquiry about John’s appointment. He returned a few minutes later. “If you will step through to the courtyard, Lieutenant Glover will show you the way to His Royal Highness’ apartments. Good day, sir.”
At his nod, I continue, “So he’s just been contacting me, surely that’s weird for a celebrity stalker?” I pause with a dawning realisation of what I’d implied, “Not that I want him coming after you instead of me!  I mean, I just don’t see why he cares who you spend time with.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, propelling himself to his feet, all cat-like grace and intent with purpose, and begins clawing at his tuxedo, pieces falling inelegantly to the floor.  I watch him while I kick the duvet away, glad to be free of it.  More quickly than I expected, considering the number of layers he was wearing, he’s naked and back in my arms, kissing me everywhere wildly and pulling at the t-shirt and boxers I have on.
“John?” Sherlock says, turning to me with an expectant look.  “Are you throwing your hat in for the brownie?”
Sherlock went about fixing a second cup for them both and they fell into a companionable silence as they sipped Harry’s tea, stealing glances at each other and not wanting to burst this hushed bubble that had surrounded them.
“Mmgh, yes please,” he says, stretching his back with a groan, and begins unbuttoning his coat.  As he returns to the hall, he calls over his shoulder, “Just toast and some coffee.  I expect Sally to descend upon me any moment, so unfortunately this may be a brief visit.”
He rounded another corner, hoping it was the right direction and paused to listen for some indication of the man’s location.
John blew out his breath through his nose. Holding Prince William’s eye, he bowed, stiff and resentful.
Leave it to Mycroft to approach this like an international negotiation, but Sherlock was willing to play along if it meant he would be free for an evening.
“Your Highness, I will wait just outside if you need anything.  I hope you enjoy your evening.”  This last statement grated on Sherlock’s nerves - how was he supposed to enjoy himself surrounded by aging nobles and his brother whilst accompanied by a chaperone?  He turned to fix his eyes on the Major to his right, taking in small details about the man.
After receiving the go-ahead from whichever BBC producer he’d had his silent conversation with, Charlie falls back on his professionalism and replies, “With the rise in mental health issues in this country, especially among young people, that is perhaps a good reminder of how far we still have to go in the industry to ensure the safety and health of everyone involved.”  Which sounds like a perfect politician answer to me.  On the television, Sherlock simply inclines his head slightly.
“No, Sherlock. Sorry, I didn’t mean…” John drew a breath and tried again. “I wasn’t mocking you. I just doubt that anyone would ever consider you ordinary, not you because, well, you’re brilliant. Even so, you still could have told me the truth.”
“The date was good, amazing, really.  But I, um, I got a text on my way home.   From a number I didn’t recognise.  It freaked me out a little.”
“Very eloquent.” A voice, deep and slightly mocking, interrupts my panic and I snap my head up to see a customer browsing the shelves opposite my office.
I find myself momentarily distracted.  Obviously Sherlock Holmes is a very attractive person; he has made a career playing beautiful characters on screen and posing for photographs for all the big magazines.  And that was all fine because it wasn’t connected in any way to my life.  Now, however, Sherlock Holmes is standing in my kitchen, wearing my too-small t-shirt and looking like that.  No one should be allowed to walk around looking like he does.  It’s just not fair, and it’s far more than I can be expected to handle.
“Well, no, but no one has to know that he didn’t buy anything.  We can just tell people that he was here. ‘The Travel Book Co. - Sherlock Holmes’ bookshop of choice!’ A little celebrity endorsement never hurts!”
There's so much to say, but I can't even begin to find the words.  Finally, I manage to say,  “Oh.  Thank you.”
“Come to a party with me?”  The invitation burst out of him before he had time to consider how to phrase it more politely.
If he knew that his brother was harassing me, and yet pretended it was just some crazy fan, then I can only assume he was seeking a reason to end our relationship and his brother provided a convenient excuse.  Instead of being an adult about his change of heart, he allowed me to feel terrorised by this man and now has the audacity to turn up at my flat and expect me to help him.
The man glances from the book in his hand back to me, an amused look dances across his features and and I can feel a flush creep up the back of my neck.
“You texted yourself,” I say.  It’s supposed to come out like an accusation, but it sounds like breathless wonder.  I can’t stop the grin that’s spreading across my face.
Well, we’re halfway there!  I honestly can’t believe I’ve made it this far -- a multi-chapter fic was, and still is, a daunting prospect, but I’m so proud of what I’ve pulled together and it’s been a joy to experience your reactions to each chapter.  Thank you so much!
“I tried to follow along on Twitter, using the hashtag Sally texted, but that app is too confusing.  From what I saw, though, people seem really excited.”
His reply comes a few minutes later.  ⟪I can multitask. Molly is thrilled for you, by the way -- expect to be interrogated tonight.⟫
And I'm like a broken record at this point, but thank you so much to my amazing betas - @zigster-ao3, @eternaljohnlock and @88thparallel. Your support, insight and encouragement have really helped me through this fic. Love you!
He had had a marvellous time with John and yet the idea of sharing their adventures with his parents, and loathsome Mycroft, was unfathomable. Whatever he would say to describe what they had done and where they had gone would only seem silly or ridiculous in their eyes. And a part of him wanted to keep these memories private, just between him and John, especially considering what had happened in the alley off Sloane Street. No, he definitely did not want to share his memories of the evening with anyone besides John.
John shook his head with a laugh at the thought; his sister lived for fun and spontaneity. John, though younger, was always more responsible. And anyway - “She’s not home. Off with her friends at some party or another.”
Papa made to follow, rising from his chair. “Gentlemen, thank you again for your service and for attending to the Princes Henry and William last night. I appreciate it more than I can say. Major, you are dismissed, but please take your time finishing your breakfast.”
Greg shakes his head and looks at me hard.  “No, mate, you don’t apologise for being you.”  With that he pulls me into a hug, and I have to admit that it feels really good.  Despite being in a stereotypically masculine profession, Greg is a very open, loving person and his acceptance means a lot.  I hold onto him for another second and then pull away.
I’m acutely aware of Sally watching us, but I allow myself to be reeled in for a kiss.  The fact that we do this now is still unbelievable to me.  The kiss starts off chaste enough, but then Sherlock begins licking at my lips, bordering on indecent, which is most definitely just to mess with Sally, and I break away from him, laughing.
I feel like a right idiot -- my only excuse being that I was too caught up in the whirlwind that is Sherlock.  “Yes,” I admit, grudgingly.
As the ambulance drove away, John’s attention returned to Sherlock and Major Lestrade. Their conversation seemed less intense than it had a few moments ago, and so, with only a slight hesitation, John made his way over to join them.
Sherlock shrugged. “Not for some time yet. I imagine this time next year, but I try to stay out of any of the details. Mummy has thrown herself into supporting Mycroft’s transition, and Margaret is thrilled by the elevation, of course, but I am superfluous to their planning.”
It’s odd being in the flat on my own again.  In five days, I have grown accustomed to having Sherlock here, and now it’s too quiet and strangely unfamiliar.
Prince William Sherlock Scott Holmes Windsor, age 78, or “Sherlock” as John calls him, is spry, observant, and frighteningly intelligent. This combined with his title could come across as intimidating, but there remains a twinkle of humour in his eye as he speaks which allows me to relax on the navy blue velvet sofa. Sherlock reclines in a warm chestnut leather wingback armchair and while he may have greeted me upon my arrival, it is John Watson, age 82, who pours the tea, casting a fond eyeroll at his partner.
Once he’d gone, Sherlock approached, holding out his hand. “It is truly good to see you. Thank you for coming.”
Sherlock scowls, “Not yet, but Mycroft is undoubtedly on it, terrorising staff of the rehab centre and journalists, alike.”
“This is me,” I tell him and indicate the door marked with a five.  Whenever I see films where the main character fumbles their keys when trying to open the door, I always wonder how it’s possible to be that inept, but it feels like a real possibility right now so force myself to focus as I insert the key into the lock.
Another guard opened the door as they approached, and Sherlock ducked inside. John hesitated, reflecting with disbelief on the current state of his life. With a deep, fortifying breath, he stepped forward into a dim corridor of Buckingham Palace.
Echoing Sherlock’s words from earlier, John said, “this way” and turned left to cross the carriage path that bordered the park and headed towards a narrow alley that he assumed would connect them with the Knightsbridge high street.  John was just acting on vague memory, and Sherlock didn’t appear to know this part of London too well either, but he met him stride for stride.
As they walked, John replayed in his head something Sherlock had said earlier.  Outside the Curzon Club, Sherlock had stated that they had been personally invited by General Erskine and Major Lestrade.  While General Erskine was known to John by name in the way that all of the Generals were, Major Lestrade was not, and he wondered just what Sherlock’s connections to the two men were.
He's looking down at his hands and offers only a shrug in response.  It occurs to me then that perhaps he truly doesn't know what it's like to date -- he admitted that he's never been in a relationship before, and yet he'd seemed rather confident in his pursuit of me.  A wave of sadness passes through me for all that he's possibly missed out on by keeping himself away from romantic entanglements, as he called them, all those months ago.
Soon Molly, Greg and Harry return from the kitchen, bearing an assortment of dishes between them and passing them out around the table.   Conversation dies while everyone loads up their plates with chicken, roasted potatoes, salad and warm brown bread.
I force myself to stay behind the counter.  To do anything else would be driven by the sheer giddiness and crushing anxiety of having Sherlock simply browsing travel books in my shop.  I’m dreadfully tempted to run back into my office to watch the CCTV to see what he’s doing, but that would be pathetic and creepy.  I look down at my list and decide that I can’t focus on it, so I begin to tidy and organise behind the counter, starting with putting away the remnants of my half-eaten lunch.
Determined to maintain some of his usual brooding mysteriousness after the blatant eagerness the moment before, Sherlock merely tilted his head, raising an eyebrow in challenge, and jumped down from the statue.  At the bottom, he waited for John to clamber down beside him and set off to the west, John following closely behind.
Across from him, Sherlock scoffed and began muttering under his breath.  John shot him a look and then focused his attention back on the King’s speech.
“Will you tell me about it?” he asks softly, one large hand splayed protectively over the centre of my chest.
In the middle of his seething invective, a movement in his peripheral vision caught his attention.  A man had just emerged from the door in the corner, carrying an armload of coats and he was making his way towards a small group of people preparing to depart.  A cloakroom, of course!  Sherlock had been distracted by Major Lestrade earlier when his coat had been removed by one of the staff and he had failed to notice where it had been taken.  Stupid, he berated himself.  Would the cloakroom be just a cupboard or would it be connected to other parts of the hotel?  He tried to picture the corridor outside and where other rooms ran off of it.
