When Dean comes to, his very first thought is a weary one. Just a whiny complaint he'll never actually voice out loud.
me, Dean?! You mean I've spent the last
"Ah, hell," Dean says, his voice cracking. His fingers brush under Castiel's eye, and he's gazing at him like he's a miracle. "I'm pathetic about you, ain't I? Jesus. Yeah, okay. Okay, uh, love. It's that. We're that. Just—you know already, but I do. Love you. I love you, and I'm so fucking lucky you love me."
You just made another stupid decision without even—"
"Gonna make me?" Dean asks, flicking his gaze back and forth over Castiel's face, and there's so much unbridled
"Levina sounds like she's fun in church," Dean replies, lips twitching when Sorine grins. "Cas would probably—I don't know—punch God if he actually got to sit down and talk to him. Whenever Cas needed him, he never came through for him. God doesn't hear us, and if he does, he doesn't care."
he is right now. Excited, too, despite himself. He just has to get his shit together, get in there, and get it done. That's all.
"Frankly, Dean, I think you've earned one. Perhaps even I have, but I am still more angel than man, so it will be some time before I get to do that. I could try to force myself, but I think I'd rather just watch over you," Cas tells him shamelessly.
"Jesus," Dean whispers, her words piercing right through him. Fuck, the world is
Sam says that Eileen likes talking to Castiel because he knows sign language—he knows
I'm not judging, or whatever, but…"
In short order, the kiss grows out of control, slipping into heated territory frighteningly fast. Dean doesn't know how his hands end up under Cas' coat, sliding up to start pushing it off his shoulders. He barely even notices it hitting the floor. In fact, he can't spare any attention to how his hands slowly, steadily start getting Cas out of his clothes. His hands have a mind of their own, he's decided, and he can't be held responsible for them.
And that's fine. That's cool. Whatever. It isn't Dean's business. He doesn't really care. He just wishes Shawn and his stupid boot-spurs would fucking shut the hell up for five minutes so they could figure out why horses are being possessed.
"I said a
Dean stares after him, stunned and just a little stung, left behind in the aftermath of the best goddamn orgasm he's ever had before breakfast.
He'd said, "No one cares that you're broken, Cas," and truth be told, Dean doesn't. He doesn't give one fuck that Cas is like this. He doesn't care when Cas is some hippie from another world, when Cas is betraying them, when Cas is trying to be God. That same goddamn trust still exists in him, no matter what version of Cas is before him, and it's somehow so fucking
"But it's awesome," Jack insists, terribly confused, his eyebrows furrowed. He's clearly offended, and Dean probably looks the picture of a proud parent, but he can't exactly help it. "Don't you want to drive it? Dean might let you drive it."
Dean gestures lazily to the bartender. "Gave 'em away at some point. I already told you, I won't drive. Relax, I'm not
The thing is, Castiel doesn't mind the curiosity so much. It makes sense that Dean would have questions, that he would try to understand something he can't relate to. Answering these questions doesn't feel like partaking in his own mockery. Dean just wants to know, and Castiel does not mind telling him. The chance to get to be honest about his feelings is not a luxury he ever had before, and he won't miss it now.
Sam takes one look at him and winces. He inhales deeply, then slips into the room, gently shutting the door behind him. Dean watches him approach, not saying anything when Sam crouches down in front of him. He studies Dean for a long time, looking so very sad. Looking only a fraction of what Dean feels.
So, Dean puts the flower up in the closet and shakes out his hands, taking a deep breath and slowly exhaling. He jumps on the balls of his feet, bouncing in place, then he wriggles and rolls his shoulders. Okay. Yeah, he's got this. Well, he doesn't, but he's doing it anyway, so fuck it.
"I could only give, not have, and I had to go when I wanted to stay. So, no, it didn't make me happy, though I did enjoy it." Cas tips his head a little, lips ticking down. "Considering what led to it…"
and suddenly they think they're invincible. Watch the idjits die by ghosts or something as embarrassing."
The trees open up to bright, open areas with one house immediately visible closest to him, and one just a little visible farther away. The one closer is much smaller—it's painted a yellow that could seriously use some varnish, and it has a porch with three brick stairs coming off of it. Dean knows that it's Cas' place almost immediately, simply because there are plants hanging off the rafters. Plants and wind-chimes, by the looks of it.
about it, furious with himself, furious with Castiel for choosing the worst piece of shit in the world. Why?
That's the thing. When Dean read that book and saw what he had to do, he didn't think about himself first. Not his pain, not the unfairness of the situation, not what eternity of suffering would do to him. No, his first thought had been of Sam, Cas, and Jack—how this will hurt them, and how it's his fault, and how he can't do anything about it.
Tabby abruptly sweeps in, placing their plates down on the table between them, making them jerk apart. Castiel doesn't recall them getting that close. "Here you are, boys. Everything looks alright for you guys?"
"Ah," Cas says delicately, a tad awkward, wincing in genuine sympathy. "That was...bad timing."
"Uh...yes," Dean ventures cautiously.
He opens his eyes and watches the windmill turn. He wonders what this place felt like before it became Cas'. He can't imagine that it felt like this. But he remembers that it was nice; he remembers thinking that Cas would like it. Cas did like it. Enough to return in essence, maybe.
Cas watches his strain for a few minutes, just like a cat would watch a mouse stuck in a trap. God, he's such an asshole when he hasn't gotten a proper amount of sleep. "Fortunately for you, we're discussing parental relations, not siblings—though, in your case, those might be one in the same, with how you were forced to raise Sam in mind."
"We really are just—just in love, aren't we?"
Cas jerks in the doorway, blinking rapidly. "Dean, what are you doing here?"
"No, thank you. That's what I was going to tell you. Claire and Kaia are on their way here now to pick me up. I'll be spending the next few days with them, and she told me to skip breakfast because we're going to eat on the road," Jack informs him.
Without saying anything, Dean stops at a motel in town, the only one that seems to be around for miles. He leaves Cas in Baby and heads in to see if they have any rooms available. They do, but it's just one, and it's not a double.
is actually a
Castiel is typing out a reply, but he can't find the right emoji in time before his phone is vibrating in his hand, Claire's name on the screen. He's almost faintly amused that she doesn't trust him enough not to hear his voice and get the story in full. It's the Hunter in her. She's naturally paranoid.
He needs a moment after that one.
Dean, at its barebones. Just so you know."
"It's this thing people who aren't straight do. Usually when they're trying to figure out if the other person is interested. Me and Kaia played before she, uh, went away for a while. Showed each other our scars, held hands, tried to die for each other. It's a thing. Anyway, Dean already knows you're interested, though, so it's just a different version."
Cas is shameless. He likes a lot of eye contact. He likes to be touched like Dean can't help himself, which he can't. He likes that Dean can't seem to stop kissing him. He
Cas, however, seems to be the sensible one at the moment. He appreciates the necessity humans have for breathing, at least, even if Dean doesn't and would be willing to just pass the fuck out. He knows how to get around Dean's tendency to be stubborn, using the compromise of turning his head and tipping it back ever so slightly to let Dean kiss his cheek and jaw and neck. Modern problems, modern solutions—all that nonsense. Dean's okay with it, giving in and doing exactly that before just burying his face into Cas' throat, sagging against him with a sigh, and breathing as his eyes squeeze shut.
time—he ever was, he had confessed his love. Then he died.
like that, but I kinda wish
defied Heaven, angels, and
"What?" Sorine asks.
dude." Dean shakes his head, picking up an old bickering war with ease, one they revisit frequently. "I know you've got that thing with textures and shit, but come the fuck on. I mean, seriously, crispy bacon has
When he comes back, Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed in the clothes—Dean's clothes—and what he changed out of is gone, as well as the quarters.
Sam snorts quietly. "Oh,
That hits Dean right at his center. That
And Benny had said, "Yeah, I do," and then slammed him down to the ground to prove it. Dean had beard-burn on his throat for hours after that, but he didn't let it get in the way of finding Cas.
invested in the movie. It's stupid. It's about a human falling in love with a bee, and there's nothing interesting about it. Still, he misses most of whatever Castiel is talking about to
"Yes," Cas murmurs.
And yet—and
"I want—" Cas cuts himself off with a groan when Dean tugs on his hair, trying to get him to shut up and kiss him some more. Cas indulges him until Dean admits defeat and breaks off, his chest heaving and his body moving closer, as close as it can get, of its own accord. Cas swallows and breathes for a few seconds. "That's really—Dean, I really—"
There's a long second where Castiel's hands are still on Dean's sides, and then he's abruptly pushing him back—gently, yet insistently. Right this moment, Dean would be willing to do absolutely anything, as stupid as he is from just a goddamn kiss. A fantastic kiss, but a kiss nonetheless. So, he goes with it, stumbling backwards a little and letting Castiel turn them around, pinning Dean to the counter instead, and
The possessed horses turn out to be related to some of the Headless Horseman lore somehow, riders possessing horses and riding to go behead people, except they apparently can't figure out how to leave the property, so Shawn is the only target available. Dean's tasked with finding the thing that brought them all here, and it turns out to be an old horseshoe that Shawn bought at a rodeo auction and placed in the tables for luck. Dean has to salt and burn it down while Castiel and Shawn ride horses to distract the possessed horses, all the while Sam is trying to outrun an approaching beheading.
happy to go back to your room with you."
Dean yelps as Sam barrels across the bed carelessly and makes a mad dash for it, and he tries to fling himself forward to beat Sam there, but it's no use. Dean hits the floor with a dull thud just as Sam scoops up the mixtape with a victorious smile and begins examining it curiously.
Dean just needs the right moment.
"Shut up," Dean mutters reflexively, biting the inside of his lip again. It's becoming a habit now. The gum is getting a little sensitive. "It's
Dean blinks. "Uh…"
He says, "I raised Sammy, you know. But he's my responsibility. He's my brother. I had to, 'cause Dad sure as shit wasn't gonna stick around to do it. Jack? I didn't sign up for this. You can't just dump fucking kids on me and then
"What does
"Mm, at the moment? Yes. We leave tomorrow, though. Don't tell Jody or Kaia, but they may have a point about this whole vacation thing. Do you know what it's like to watch your girlfriend walk around in a bikini all day? Well, no, 'course you don't, but trust me, it is
Dean's mind races, trying to think of some way out of this, but there are suddenly warm hands on his cheeks, guiding him into a kiss. The whimper that falls from his lips is pathetic, and he's fucking
Jesus Christ, what is wrong with him?
"I don't know if I
He bows his head, clenching the back of the chair, more furious with himself than even Chuck. It's always him. He's always fucking up. He's nothing more than his anger and his need to hurt, and kill, and destroy. This is who he is, and everyone is going to die because of it. It's his fault.
The son of a bitch betrayed them.
what this is. He doesn't want it. The panic scrambles for purchase within him, and he wants to beg it to stop. He's almost frantic with it, needing it to slow down, feeling like he's thrashing around, even if he's standing stiff. Every muscle is tight with tension for what's coming, because he knows.
Dean groans and signals for another drink. Just one more. What could it hurt?
The front door slams shut, and Cas' small smile falls into a small frown. He narrows his eyes at the swinging door. "He always slams it. I tell him not to, and he always slams it."
Cas spends another few moments just working his fingers in and out of Dean's mouth, watching the progress of it, likely seeing Dean lose himself to it. And then, slowly, he pulls his fingers out completely. Before Dean can even make a noise of disagreement, Cas leans in and kisses him
i just want you all to know that i was so exasperated when writing this. like i was fully just done with these two assholes. i love them for loving each other so much, but these two have got to be two of the biggest idiots about love ive ever written about.
Benny's good for things like this, because Benny is very laid back. He doesn't need to talk about this part, or any feelings, or anything that might make Dean want to start running from him. Mostly, he just cracks jokes and does what the fuck he wants, happy to go with the flow if Dean is. They go with the flow in between fighting, very often in various ways, and Dean's fine with that. He doesn't have to think about it outside of when it's happening, and then he's not doing much thinking at all.
"The thing about crime scenes, Cas," Dean murmurs, inching closer to the table, "is that they're busy, but they linger, ya know? Nine times outta ten, the person in charge shows up late anyway. And uh, this crime scene is close, isn't it?"
Castiel isn't an idiot. "I'm fine here."
"Morning, kid," Dean greets.
friends.
Now, there's no avoiding it. Dean holds his breath, thinking a little hysterically about dicks and how they might taste, about Casanova and whether he would give Castiel a good score right now, about Zoey and the way she said,
Dean wrenches the door open and starts his regular trek to the kitchen for his coffee because, as of late, that's the only thing that will take some of the bite out of his words. Fortunately for him, he doesn't have to curb his attitude. Sam and Eileen took off last night for something over in Maryland. They asked him if he wanted to go, but the question was posed like they already knew the answer. The flat expression he gave them was answer enough as it was, and they just rolled their eyes at each other.
"Got a mind like a steel trap," Dean lies, because he absolutely does not, and that memory—as with most memories involving Cas—is only so clear in his mind because of how he felt during them.
As it turns out, he cares quite a bit. It's a bitch, truth be told. He finds himself standing at his closet door more often than he would like, not having the courage to bring out the flower and ask it the same question that he always does. Is this love? Is it?
Dean releases a quiet breath and lets his head drop forward against Castiel's side, leaning into him and shutting his eyes. He
"I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I detect a note of forgiveness."
glass breaking apart and sliding across the counter.
The kiss is like the metaphorical hump on the hill of their issues, and all that's left to travel is down the other side. Dean embraces the freefall with relish, inhibitions and reservations tossed aside like a kite snatched away to nowhere by the torrential wind. Cas pulls back just a little, and Dean's so shamelessly gone that he makes a protesting noise.
Sam glances at him for a little bit longer, his eyebrows raised. "You know, frazzled. Out of sorts. Kind of frantic. He cares about you, Dean. A lot."
"What's your favorite color?" Dean chokes out.
"S'why we're having this talk, right?"
you want!"
"Yes," Cas rasps.
"No problem," Dean replies, and then just—doesn't move. He means to stand up, but gets distracted by watching Castiel's face smooth out in sleep.
Castiel closes his eyes again. "Yes."
Cas hums. "Not yet. It will. Open your mouth."
"What about the stickers?!" Dean calls after him, grinning. "I
"So, if I'm asking you not to do something," he whispers harshly, "you gotta
It's just hands, but fuck if it doesn't make him feel soft and warm and—and
The future is a dark, horrifying place, and it doesn't matter because, in this one moment, Dean has never felt as safe as he does right now.
"Oh, sure," Dean says, pitching his voice higher to a near-yell when Claire makes a theatrical show of putting her fingers in her ears. "He's got this freckle just below his—"
"Just answer the damn question, Cas," Dean snaps, his heart turning over in his chest.
"To help you pack?"
"Shockingly, it does. Don't ask me. I don't know why my brain is the way it is." Sorine takes another swallow of her beer, sighing after. "Like, okay, Levina and I had plans, right? Before she got sick, I mean. She was gonna be a hotshot actor, and me? Well, I guess I was gonna be the next Taylor Swift. She used to tell me with a voice like mine, I'm hurting the world by not letting people hear it. We had it all planned out. I've got songs written stacked back from years ago. Shit, we even saved money from when we were sixteen, and she wouldn't take a damn dime of it for hospital bills. It was our big dream, and now… Now, the thought of leaving the town she died in is… I don't know. I can't."
The man's name is Shawn, and his horses are being possessed. When they first arrive and all meet, Dean's first thought is that Shawn is really fucking cool. He's got big, brown eyes and messy hair that curls around his ears, one of which has an earring in it. There's a scar where a dimple would be, just a little bit longer than one, and it deepens when he smiles at them. He also wears a cowboy hat and cowboy boots with pink stitching and spurs that jangle a little every time he walks. He's sticking to the whole cowboy theme, in fact, complete with chaps over jeans and a leather vest over flannel. He's even got the large belt buckle with bullhorns on it.
He knows it's stupid. They're fighting, two sharp edges cutting into each other when they can't and won't agree on this. Cas is in too far with the kid, and Dean doesn't like it any more than he does, but it has to be done. It's
"Right," Dean agrees.
"You're saying he might up and decide to leave one day," Dean suggests skeptically.
"He wanted to. Followed me into the bathroom, locked the door, told me I was pretty. He said we should for old time's sake. Asked if he could see all my new scars."
"I have no desire to touch you, Dean," Castiel lies. It's an outright lie and they both are aware of this, but he's hoping that Dean will be kind enough not to mention it. All the times in the past that he's let Dean exist safely in his lies, surely he can grant him the same just this once in return.
Dean won't know for certain if that's the case until he actually gets the chance to bring it up, but he'd be willing to bet a lot of money on the way he believes it will go.
"Hello, Dean," he says softly.
"Sam says we're good to head to Dodge City now. He's packing the car at the moment. You'll see to the lodging, right, Dean?" Jack says, smiling at them.
Castiel stares at the message, not quite understanding why this is supposed to make him feel any better. He decides to ask.
hinted at them. Saying them is different, perhaps.
Dean's answer rips out of him in a gasp.
"What I was going to tell you…" Cas releases a shaky breath and swallows. "When Jack was dying, I—I made a deal to save his life."
"I know, Sam."
2) not this first chapter, but YES, this fic does dive into how John Winchester was a grade A asshole and a pretty shit dad. HOWEVER, that being said, it's not all just John slander either bc this is Dean's POV, so he's gonna have a different outlook on things.
Dean is teaching her about how most modern cars have release-levers inside the trunk that opens it from the inside in case she's ever kidnapped, because you never know, when Claire joins them in the garage. She says something to Kaia, murmuring low in her ear, and Kaia raises her eyebrows before shaking her head and moving back into the Bunker with a quick wince in Dean's direction.
The hunter buried his fingers in Cas' fluffy hair and kissed his chapped lips, again and again, and he could have gone on all day long but Castiel put one of his hand in Dean's old jeans and that was it.
Castiel's hot breath was hovering over his neck and another shiver rolled down his spine.
The sudden movement made the angel tense up, he shifted his eyes from the TV to glare at the hunter. “Dean,” he complained, removing the plate from Dean's reach and hovering a hand over it in protection.
Still waiting for an answer, Castiel jutted forward to bite at Dean's bottom lip but the hunter was too focused on the second finger trying to slide inside of him. Dean gritted his teeth, and Cas stopped to let him get used to the intrusion. When Dean's breathing was no longer uneven, he started to move his hand again.
Cas eyes were shiny and tired. “Come here,” he breathed out, pulling Dean on his chest.
"I've been coveting to touch you for so long," whispered the angel to one of his ears and then he kissed along the length of Dean's neck.
Cas had been trying to talk to him for days, but the hunter denied all his calls. "Stop avoiding me, please."
"What the hell- fuck! No way!" He tried to stand up, but the angel took him pinned down on the mattress. "Lemme go!" he complained.
Cas' didn't answer with words. He lifted a hand and put it on Dean's neck, pulling him over to kiss him. He didn't waste any time, forcing Dean's lips open with his tongue and licking into his mouth. The hunter moaned when the hand on his neck moved to pull at his hair, letting Castiel take control of the kiss.
“Don't worry, Dean, I don't want to... I just want to try something,” he said, carefully sinking his middle finger deeper down. There was no lube and Dean was tight.
“You gonna eat that?” Dean asked, ignoring the pout of annoyance on Cas' face and pointing the burger with his chin.
“Yes, I would love to,” Castiel interrupted him, kissing him softly in their post-orgasmic bliss, and Dean let him.
Dean couldn't think straight. Right now, the only important thing in his mind was Cas hitting his prostate with every thrust. Those strong hands keeping him in place, loving the rough treatment. When did he become like this? How did this happen?
His brother was acting like the emotionally costipated jerk he was. Sam didn't know exactly what had happened but he surely knew he had had enough of Dean's pout.
Pleasant shivers went down Dean's spine when Castiel nipped at his jaw and licked all the way down his neck, stopping to bite and suck at his abused skin. Cas loved to mark him up nice and slow, but Dean was not the patient type. “Cas,” he groaned, placing two hands on his chest to move the angel away and looking at him expectantly.
"She's good, stuck taking care of her Gramma today; Gram slipped broke her wrist a couple weeks ago."
The grave is small, out of the way in a back corner beside an old oak tree. A few more people say a few more words, and then that's it. It's over. Dean wants to stay to watch them lower the casket, but one of the funeral home workers gives him a weird look, so he leaves.
Castiel snorts. "You're upset because of the cupcakes?"
She looks away, into her curtain of blonde hair.
Bobby licking his lips, “I – Eventually, I decided I'd had enough of it. I uh, I did some stupid shit – Uh. Wound up in the hospital, you remember?”
Adra takes a drink and looks out the little window in the door aa a gaggle of nurses pass by.
“Fuck yes, please.”
“Aaah,” She squees, bouncing up and down, “You're here!” She hugs him again and his heart melts.
They chat while he makes his coffee. They're both sophomores, Dean is studying English to Castiel's Computer Science. He has a younger brother who's a sophomore in high school. Last year, Dean - by total accident - pledged a fraternity.
"How are you half-vampire?"
"I'm sorry, man.”
“Yeah. Um, it's like... A bunch of people get together and act out, like, fantasy scenes? Like, uh, Charlie's parents were the King and Queen of Moons before the accident, so Charlie is the princess, and I'm her head knight when I'm around. You can do all kinds of stuff, like learn magic, or trade your wares. It's really cool, and usually there's a big battle every year in the spring.”
"Ugh. He's fine."
He jumps, startled, and his notebook flips shut. "It's all excellent! Serving the apple pie with cheese is a very satisfying combination." He smiles like he really means it.
If Adra's as worried as Dean, she doesn't show it. She reaches back to hold Castiel's outstretched hand like she's done it a million times. She probably has, actually, she's probably done it for longer than Dean's been alive. Fuck.
Castiel spends most of his time off-campus with Anna – and increasingly, Ruby – and more and more of his time on campus with Dean, with the exception of the long weekend he took to go home and see Sam. It's certainly more social than Cas has been in years and he's finding it... surprisingly fun.
When Dean drops Gilda at home, she and Charlie spend a truly disgusting amount of time hugging in the doorway before he honks at them. Charlie rolls her eyes.
He finds himself disappointed, but only for a moment since his vision has started to swim.
They pull up to the Winchester's at the same time a young blonde girl is leaving. She looks about Sam's age, is very tall, and is holding a present. She waves at the Novaks, they wave back.
“Yeah, dude, of course. Merry Christmas.”
Dean expects them to pull up to the regular doctor's office, but Adra goes straight to the hospital that straddles the line between city and suburb, where a couple nurses in colorful scrubs are waiting with a wheelchair. Dean helps Castiel into it and Castiel squeezes his hand before he's whisked away. Adra parks, puts a parking ticket on the dashboard, and carries Castiel's bag inside, Dean right beside her.
“Fine by me,” She says, looking away from both of them.
He frowns, "That's hardly appropriate for a first date."
Dean swallows.
“I see,” Castiel says, “It sounds fascinating.”
“I'll tell her if you want.”
“You're cleaning the cat hair before Dad gets back,” Dean reminds him.
Someone is staring at Castiel from across the computer lab.
He shakes his head, “Pitiful.”
“Sam,” Adra says, putting her large purse down on the chair and taking out her wallet, “Why don't I show you around? I can get you something from the gift shop.”
“Maybe she passed out in the waiting room chair,” He wagers.
He glances at Sam and nods, grabbing his jacket and shoes on the way out the door.
When they're gone, Cas points to her purse, “In there, Ash's gift.”
Castiel shrugs and Dean stares.
“Right.”
"Good," Bobby looks away again. His eyes can't seem to stay in one spot, "So. You know, when I was your age, I started seeing this young lady—"
Oh, right. Castiel cups Dean's chin and turns his head back to face him. He is looking in Dean's eyes when he says, "Good news, idiot, I love you, too."
Bobby brings the food out soon after: Sloppy joes, garlic mashed potatoes, corn, and green beans.
“No, it's legit this time, just listen.” He steals a bite of potato off Jo's fork.
“I'm sure he just asked the florist to give him whatever she thought was best.”
What Castiel wants to say is no. He wants to say that he is afraid he messed up somehow today. He wants to say that he is afraid he will mess up again. That friendship is not his strong suit. But the thought of telling Adra any of that makes adrenaline spike in Castiel's chest, so instead he says, “I'm gay.”
As he's remembering, Dean is seized with the desire for Castiel to do it again, and to run his cold fingers down Dean's face, his back, his whole body.
Adra nods, “I really appreciated the meals I had growing up, and I wanted him to have the same experience.”
The roses are on a fast-track to full bloom, and the shrubbery is as hearty as ever. He wipes muck off the fountain, pulling wet, rotten leaves out of the water and tossing them on the compost. Merde, he's going to have to turn it soon; Maybe this weekend, provided he has the strength. He wishes she were here to help. He wishes for – Well. He wishes.
After a while, Dean gets tired of peopling and goes to hide out in the other wing. Sam is already there, crunching on some Cheez-its and shooting the shit with Jo while she rubs his shoulders. They both straighten up when he comes in. He pulls off his tie and throws it on the table, where it flops like a dead snake.
They pick a row near the middle, so they can see the performers, but not so close they have to crane their necks. Castiel sits on the outside, in case he has to rush out for coughing. He and Dean don't hold hands, exactly, but Dean holds an arm out and Cas takes it like they're a couple from Pride and Prejudice.
Anna rolls her eyes, “It's fine.” She smiles and it doesn't quite reach her eyes, “So, tell me all about this party.”
Gilda managed to dive behind a tree to avoid getting hit. When the slew of arrows stops, she creeps out and drags Dean back with her.
Dean takes a drag, “Alright.”
Dean tears down the highway, AC/DC at top volume. Sam curls up in the passenger seat, not complaining. He doesn't have a destination, just wants to be anywhere else.
“Down on Delacroix.”
She shrugs, “More for me, then.”
"Yeah. Uh, she's cool." A beat of silence. "I dunno what Anna's up to these days, she's never mentioned it. Or, well-- maybe? I have a shit memory for stuff like that."
"So I've heard,” He says with a smile.
“Make me.”
"It's alright. Is that why he's in the wheelchair?"
"Those were organized." He starts unstacking the papers.
“Me too,” Sam says, smiling, “How do you feel?”
They glare at each other for a moment before Sam looks away, defeated.
So... Fair warning: the next chapter is gonna be sad. Like, earning-the-MCD-warning sad. If that's not your vibe, you're welcome to stop here and imagine Castiel's miraculous recovery and long, happy life. Thank you for coming on this journey with me!
Of course, Castiel has long-since learned that the universe has a sense of humor, so now that Dean Winchester has established himself as a blip on Castiel's radar, he starts showing up everywhere: the next three mornings in the computer lab, Dean is either printing out a paper or reconfiguring the printer guts so it stops jamming every time someone tries to print more than three pages at a time. Then, he's in the lunchroom with a couple of friends, and he smiles at Castiel over his glass of orange juice. Then again, Castiel spots him working the graveyard shift in the café in the library.
Balthazar comes in, checks his vitals, and hands him a cup of cool water, which helps tremendously with his sore throat. Adra stirs but does not wake.
"Um," Sam says, putting one foot on the floor and turning the radio off, "So what happened?"
She presses her cheek to the top of his head, “I know, αγόρι μου, I know. You were his, too.”
Dean blinks, a mixture of confused and repulsed, "Weirdo."
“Look, Sam just... Doesn't respect anything they do.”
Anna chews this over for a second, “Huh. Cool.” She looks off into middle distance for a few moments before adding, “The universe must be trying to tell you something.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Sam move and he whips a hand out to stop him. "Fine," He spits, "Fine, sir. Where's your phone?"
“Hey,” Dean cuts in, then freezes as if embarrassed.
He grins. "We did. He was my first real friend."
Near the exit, they pass a room with big windows and Dean stops. There is a frost filter over the windows, but one can still make out the bright colors and odd shapes inside. A sign on the door tells them the new kid's area is located on the other side of the building.
Time crawls at a glacial pace one moment and then ten years happen at once the next. Jo tries to finish her story and it takes her several seconds to string a sentence together, so eventually, she just gives up. Dean laughs anyway, loud, and when he tries to tell them what's so funny, he starts laughing again. This happens twice in a row before he shakes his head and tells him to forget it. Castiel for his part feels like he's underwater. If he shifts, the water ripples.
Dean nods, “Sup?”
She frowns, “Hmm, your Calc professor?”
His eyes widen, "Madam Gilda? Could you be the famous, uh, ally of our very own Princess Charlie?"
Just eyeliner, then.
Cas tears himself up from the bed and heaves open the trapdoor. “Yes?”
“Right?” Ash says, cracking a smile, “It's like, two drinks and you're done.”
“No,” Ruby says with sudden hostility, “Families don't usually like me.”
“What do I want to do about what?”
Dean gets a far-off look, all the joy he just had completely evaporated.
“I'm a year older than you.”
“Did he ever go back after, uh, after he and Alfie broke up?”
Oops. “I'm sorry for asking,” He grimaces as well.
Dean crumples under his own weight, covering his face with his hands. Fuck. Castiel is dead. He's dead. That's it.
“I'm thinking of going back to school,” She says, returning the now-empty basket to the shelf.
Castiel shakes his head, “No. I think she worried I would not be able to keep up with the responsibility.”
"For kissing you?"
“Oh. Anna changed our Thanksgiving plans to spend time with Ruby.”
is gone. His stiff, perfect posture. The way he tilts his head when he's confused. His righteous, powerful anger. It's gone. It's all gone. Castiel is dead.
"No."
Dean huffs a laugh and puts the tissue box down on a table, “Sure thing, man.” They walk up to the casket together.
"Pretty much. Heh, I'm fuckin' pathetic, aren't I?" He smiles ruefully.
“I mean, we grew up on 'em. They're delicious, right Sammy?"
“Yes.”
“No.” He glares and John frowns. “Please, with the way you've been treatin' him, he's more your solider than your son.”
Sam pushes his glasses up on his nose. "She said it's good! It does have vampires."
He drifts in and out of sleep, and is woken by the front door slamming shut.
“Oh, alright,” He says. The weirdness meter on this dude ticks up, “Is he gonna be out for a while?”
"Nonsense," He scoffs, "You boys are family. I'm gonna give John a talking to later, don't you worry. But you and Sam stay as long as you'd like. I mean it."
“I see.”
Halfway down the highway, Dean turns the music down. “Hey Cas, tell Sam what you told me earlier, about the cats.”
He grimaces as he pulls his shirt back down, "Someone pissed in their cheerios for sure."
“Shut up, I know,” Sam says, “Listen, I was wondering if I could come with you today.”
https://www.opencounseling.com/suicide-hotlines
“Um.”
Dean takes another sip of his coffee. “Huh. Sounds like something my dad would've said.”
Sam groans.
“C'mon up, son.”
“So, no pressure then,” He jokes. Castiel chuckles and Dean squeezes his thigh again. "Well, baby, I meant what I said about helping. Tell me what you need me to do and I'll do it."
“Run along, Sammy, I'll come find you later.”
Balthazar leaves him with a wink and reminds him to ring; He agrees to.
"Oh. Um, thank you. You're very cool, too."
"Hey, Castiel," He raises his eyebrows as he punches in the order, "Really? It's not even midterms."
"Right. Uh, good, I'm good," Dean shifts his weight onto one foot, "Uh, hey, I gotta get to class, but um, it was good to see you, man."
“Let's sit. If we sit together, no one will think it's weird.”
Sam sighs, “Yeah.”
He frowns, "I can't ask you to do that."
"No, he's not your brother's cat. He was rather short though."
The nurse laughs and walks away.
“What the hell?!” Sam bursts out of his room with his pants unbuttoned. He runs and grabs the fire extinguisher, blasting it at the tree. White foam erupts out, covering the whole tree and half of the wall behind it. The flames die quickly, and the tree falls over under the weight.
She looks away.
On the way to lunch, Miss Sands asks him to stay back for a minute. Jo hovers outside the room for him.
Dr. Marilyn regards him evenly, “Good question, Dean. It means he is put on a waiting list. He's young, so he should be at the top, but... especially looking for two good lungs instead of one, it will take a while.”
John stills for a moment, then explodes, "Where the hell is this coming from? You know what, you're an ungrateful son of a bitch! I'm your father! After everything I've done to keep this family together--"
Dean grins at him. Castiel smiles back.
“Hello.”
At the end of the day, Dean spends fifteen minutes after class trying to get his Chemistry teacher to explain the different properties of an atom. Eventually, the balding man looks at him pointedly and asks if there's somewhere else he needs to be. Annoyed that he got caught, he huffs and heads out.
“Really.”
Gilda grimaces. "Yeesh. Well, uh, nice to meet you anyway?"
God damn, fuck. Shit. Dean squeezes his fist against the arm of the chair.
Dean grins into his coffee.
Dean is leaning back on the couch, looking at Castiel steadily. Seriously.
She peers out at the booth, where a scrawny kid in a trenchcoat is waiting. Right, Dean said Novak was coming by.
"Alright,” Dean shrugs, gesturing up the stairs, “Lead the way, Rocketman."
Jo laughs, taking one last puff and smushing the joint out; Dean inhales the lingering smoke.
He laughs, "Yeah, dude. She's crazy about you."
“Jo!” Dean puts his hands on his hips.
Dean inhaled sharply, glaring at the brunette angel in the circle. "Kevin. Charlie." The angels straightened. "Go upstairs with Adam and make sure everyone there is... on the right side."
' Gabriel frowned, jerking his elbow off Castiel's hand. "I know you're not joking, your jokes suck." A minor glare was shot his way. "Why the hell would we need to meet up with S- with those douchebag angels?"
The archangel frowned again at the prayer. This was the fourth time Gabriel had called for him... and why was that?
"Dean, my brother-"
"Sam, this is the hunter that told us about the case, Meg." Gabriel waved his hand in the air, gesturing to the blonde. "Meg, this is Sam... he'll be helping us on the case too." He ignored the much more annoyed glare the archangel sent him. He probably should have mentioned Meg would tag along when he called... oh well.
“Dean,” Castiel says after a moment, “Have you heard of cystic fibrosis?”
He waves them off and goes inside, where warmth surrounds him immediately. He follows the kitchen light like a moth to flame and slings his backpack onto the tall chair at the island. Adra is dressed for work, stirring pasta over the stove.
“Yeah?”
The priest asks if anyone else would like to say a few words. Dean didn't have breakfast this morning – couldn't – but he still feels like everything is about to come up as he stares at the podium.
"Hey," Jo says, nudging him with her sock foot, "They're probably gushing about obscure European history or something."
"We should go," He suggests.
Reluctantly, Dean turns the water off and grabs a towel. The things he does for Cas, seriously, “You're such a baby.”
"Shaddup, bitch." Dean finds a free shelf and sticks the wine in.
"No, yeah, exactly."
"Ευχαριστώ." They talk together for another minute before he turns back to Dean, who's mouth has gone dry, to ask, "Does Bobby drink wine?"
He stares at Dean a moment longer. "Sure." A beat of silence, "You know, Jess had a girlfriend last summer, Sarah. They met at camp. So, y'know, I really don't care, dude."
CW for hospitals, discussions of suicide and death, and recreational drug use (marijuana)
She chews her bottom lip. “Yeah, he's been, I dunno, happier since you joined the group."
“Greece most often. South Korea a couple of times. Italy, France, Switzerland.”
"Are you kidding? Your mom's amazing, I'm gonna think about that for the rest of my life."
He slaps his chest with a flat hand and spits another wad into the sink. He takes slow, circular breaths: in, hold, out, in, hold, out, as many as he can. Eventually, his heart rate goes down.
“Well, Dean, it's lovely to meet you.” She ushers them into a seat and offers them each a donut, which they take to be polite and he leaves on the adjacent chair.
For now, he turns around. Dean is smiling at him, his hands in his pockets.
They pass the joint back and forth a few more times. Dean settles back into his seat.
“It's an expression,” He clarifies, “Why uh, why do you look sad?”
Dean gestures to the cigarette, “D'you mind?”
He looks down into the sink, where soap bubbles have begun to gather in the drain, and weeps.
"Wow. It seems like you guys really got along."
He startles when Dean puts an arm around him, but after a moment he sinks into the touch. "Um, what are you doing?" He asks into Dean's shirt.
The rest of the night goes quickly. Novak is finishing his desserts just as 9 o'clock hits, and Jo shows him how to stack his dishes and bring them back to the kitchen. She flips the open sign to closed, slaps a bucket full of dirty water a rag down on the bar, gets to work. Ash puts on the rock station and turns it up.
Somewhere in the middle, Sam stumbles out of his room and stares between them. Usually he's the one on the receiving end of John's wrath. Yeesh. Dean gets it now.
"Yeah. Blue again?"
“Does that help?” Castiel turns around to ask Sam, who is sequestered to the back seat.
The bathroom is blessedly empty when Castiel bodies his way in. He manages to hack up a large blob of gross into the sink, and then another. Merde, where is his inhaler? He throws everything into the sink: lighter, Creon, phone, pen. No inhaler. Merde!
“Who? Oh, Novak? Sure.”
“I'm good,” He says, “Sooo ready for high school.”
God damn it, it's not fair.
“Wait, who's Castiel?” Mrs. B asks.
, that was not what I expected. No offense, Miss N."
"Oh, dude."
“Hello, Ruby.”
“Mm, totally.”
"You made it!" Jo says, tipping her beer at him. "Was that Cas I heard in there?"
They wind up nixing doing actual work today since Cas is still recovering. They do get a timeline for their project, though: assuming Castiel gets better and Dean gets the cat situation under control, they will read through chapter 3 and meet back here next week. They make small talk for a while, where Cas finds out that Dean has been working at the Roadhouse for about a year, that he likes apple pie, and that he has many, many freckles.
"Yeah. Charlie's parents? Fuckin' saints, they are, but I literally had to go outside to get away from it at one point."
Castiel snorts, takes his coffee, and goes back to his seat. He can feel Dean's eyes on him all the while.
She rolls her eyes, “Weirdo.”
An unexpected heat creeps up Castiel's neck, but he tries not to think about it too hard.
Dean pauses, looking down. His boots still have some mud of them. "No. No, no that's the stupid part. They gave us cupcakes."
“Okay. Uh, groan once for yes, twice for no. Do you want the light off?”
Dean gets stuck on dish duty -- damn rock paper scissors -- and Castiel takes pity on him and helps him dry. After a few minutes of silence, Dean's curiosity gets the better of him.
“Perhaps we are destined to be friends,” He agrees seriously.
"Dude, you were just talking about how you need to eat more. Ham or turkey?"
"What do you do, son?"
“I haven't had so much fun in a while,” Castiel admits, sipping his finally-sweet-enough coffee.
“I see.” Ash had been absent from the party last night. After a moment, Cas says, “At home, I live with just my mother as well.”
“I see.”
Victor nods, "Mhmm. She insisted I still show up, though, God love her. How've you been? How's Sam?"
“Eh.” He shrugs again, “Worth it.”
Dean chews his bottom lip, pocketing his phone. It's 8:54 AM. Nothing from Adra or Cas yet. He tries to convince himself to be relieved. No news/good news and all that, but his stomach apparently didn't get the memo and has been tying itself into a more and more complicated knot for the last hour. He leans over the counter like Jo's done a million times and his vertebrae pop-pop back into place. It's still sore, but falling asleep hunched over a hospital bed will do that to ya.
He considers not answers. But he huffs and says, "Not great. It should be twice this size by now."
He blinks. What? “Um. No.”
He surveys: a ball of pressure is sitting behind his ribs, pushing its feet against his sternum. His throat is dry, and his hands are cold. “Better.”
He hesitates. "Um, d'you want help with those?" Dean gestures to the pile of dishes.
But aside from all that, Castiel cuddles like an damn octopus. He's weirdly protective of the garden, enough so that it's hit-or-miss whether he actually answers when Dean asks how it's doing. Otherwise, Cas is surprisingly gentle with Dean at times, peppering his cheeks with kisses, or giving him a Vulcan kiss whenever one of them leaves the room. Plus, he's gossipy like an old church woman, and petty, too: there's a Nicholas Sparks book that is conveniently checked out every time one of the library regulars comes in, solely because once she said Castiel's haircut made his nose look smaller.
"I'll lead," Castiel says. Dean nods. Cas positions Dean's hands, one on Cas' shoulder and one in his outstretched hand. His own free hand he puts on Dean's waist. His fingers are cool, heat leeching out through Dean's t-shirt. If they get any closer, Cas will be able to feel Dean's heart pounding in his ribs.
“You could just come with me if you're so concerned about me leaving my family.”
"Um. I don't want to intrude."
But the rest of you -- buckle up! :)
Castiel swallows. He opens his mouth to say something and closes it.
Gabriel waves him off. Castiel must look slightly terrified, because he barks a laugh, “Don't worry, I don't bite. Unless you're into that sort of thing, then I could probably be persuaded.”
“Oh, hello,” He says.
She shrugs, “S'not.”
“Sorry,” He winces, “I mean like... I dig the look, I really do, I just don't, like get it, you know?” He grimaces.
Dean nods, “Huh. Cool.”
She looks at him out of the corner of her eye, “Okay. I just thought I would ask.”
Ah, there he is. There's Dean.
He goes to grab his coat and toes his shoes on. “Hey Sammy, we're goin' on a drive.”
Lunch is his favorite part of the day. He doesn't remember who started it, but for the last year everyone's brings one thing each for lunch and they all split it. A very informal potluck. Today, Ash, who's got the party half of his mullet pulled back into a braid, brought fried chicken. Jo pulls out Roadhouse baked potatoes. Dean snagged some leftover pancakes and bacon. He microwaves it for two full minutes, but the microwave just makes a weird whining noise and turns the pancakes soggy and still cold in the middle. Typical.
He nods, “We're on exec together.”
Cas thinks for a minute, "Yes, I can see that."
He sees his mom briefly between her student appointments, she reminds him to take a Tylenol if he gets a headache. They talk about Anna and he warns her his new friend might be stopping by. Adra raises her eyebrows.
"No shit? How is she?"
Her dad laughs and let himself be pushed out.
He winces, “Uhh, nothing.”
Dean looks confused for a second before smiling back, blushing.
Mr. B looks at Dean and opens his arms. Dean takes a step back, his skin crawling. Mr. B's face falls.
"Έχουμε μπύρα;" Castiel asks.
“But?”
"They're funeral roses, Dean. Don't you get it? They're all funeral roses! If I can't stop this --" He gestures to the rotten food, "– from happening, then what's the putain de merde point?”
Dean sighs, watching the frozen air luff out in front of him and wishing desperately that he had a cigarette. "Right, sorry. It just... We lost the tournament today. And I mean, that sucked in itself but then we got home and Charlie -- I mean, her parents --"
Adra reaches a hand out in slow motion and puts it down on Castiel's shoulder. "40,000 people die by suicide each year. Every single one is a tragedy.”
But Adra, ever the practical woman, just shakes her head, “Ah, it's not your fault. I'll talk to her, though, see if I can't convince them to at least stop by.” She grins, and Cas finds himself grinning back, but it doesn't reach either of their eyes.
Dean pinches his nose. "Why not?”
Mr. Bradbury fixes his daughter with a glare over his glasses.
“Dean?” He whispers. His throat hurts. There's a glass of water condensating on the coffee table, next to the crushed box of ornaments. When he reaches over, he realizes that what he thought was a pillow is in fact a balled up sweatshirt. How nice.
Dean sticks his head out the window while she's digging around for her keys. “Kick his ass, eh? Harvelle style.”
In the middle of the meal, Cas' alarm goes off for his antibiotic, and Dean shows him to the bathroom.
She raises her eyebrows, "Really? That's like, six things."
He glances behind him, trying to think of how to say it.
“Sure thing.”
Castiel chuckles, “Not particularly I don't think, but then again I wouldn't know." He takes a deep, in, hold, out.
"Ah.” She is pensive for a moment, looking from her coffee to her son to the stairs. “You know, I get the impression you'd have to move heaven before you moved Dean."
"It was," Dean says, gesturing with the wine, "Bobby asked me to bring this downstairs, wanna come with?"
She nods, "I will go find Charlie. You head to the infirmary tent."
“Um,” Dean says. “Um, what does that mean?”
“Oh. That would be beautiful, Dean.” She says, blinking back tears.
Castiel clears his throat, his voice strong with worry. "What is it?"
His heart picks up, “
“Hm?”
Castiel swallows a couple times, "Do you... do you regret the decisions you made?"
“Come here,” Castiel whispers. Dean leans closer. Cas takes a labored breath and his voice comes out just above a whisper, “Dean. You... Putain. I never thought I would get anything that made me crave life... as much as you have. I had my whole... Nothing future planned out, and you...” He takes more labored breaths between words, “You came along and tore up that ending... I guess that's the thing, though. About life. You --” He coughs, “You changed me, Dean, and I love you.”
"Uh, no, it's fine. One of everything, comin' up. Anything else?"
“Kid,” Bobby says softly. Dean turns to him with a heavy chest, “C'mon, let's get outside.”
“Rise 'n shine, Sammy.”
“To Sam, I mean. For ruining Christmas.”
Fuck.
He screws up his face, his glasses sliding down his nose, "I wish... I wish I could remember her."
“It was good.”
He glances at the casket, which has been closed and decorated with a bunch of different flowers. If he had more time he could probably name them all.
“Hey, Castiel.”
Castiel looks at him a moment, but he smiles, “Thank you, Sam. How are you?”
It rings, and rings, and--
Dean frowns, "Um, as far as I know, Ellen and Bobby don't, but everyone else does."
“Mm?”
Dean snorts. “Yeah? How's that fair?”
“In the back practicing, she was up til midnight trying to get it right.”
“You too, Sam,” Castiel says. He coughs. Sam looks worried for a moment, before Dean nudges him aside.
Charlie flaps into the tent and grabs Dean's arm, "There you are, it's time for your speech! Oh, hey Victor."
“Dude,” He says when he finishes, “'Occasionally'?”
“I already told Marilyn I want to do it.”
“Hey. Bobby?” He answers. Ash and Jo make look at him and he raises his eyebrows.
“Oh.” She is quiet for a moment, “The doctor said your odds are good, considering.”
Castiel smiles back. "Hello, Dean." He looks down, “Um. Thank you.”
"Uhh, lemme see." Cas hands it to him. Oh yeah. It's Castiel right after he finished burning a grilled cheese. He's laughing to himself as he scrapes the black lump into the trash, completely unaware the photo's being taken. "Maybe a month ago? Sorry. I just thought it looked nice."
Dr. Marilyn swallows, “There is one issue, however.”
"Yeah, uh, we're here all the time."
"Ah. I like, um, trying all the desserts in a restaurant the first time I go. It's a hobby, I guess."
“I'm okay. Dean actually apologized, if you can believe it.”
“You heard me.”
Shit.
"Annoying. Apparently I need five hundred more calories than I'm already getting if I want to keep up any semblance of strength, and she was concerned about how many times I've been sick this past year."
Charlie looks at him like he's stupid, “Uh, when did you guys start dating?”
“You believe me, right?” He asks, raising his eyebrows.
Half a dozen other knights and a fairy are already in the tent when Dean goes in. But there's enough room for him, so he throws himself down on the cot in the corner and waits for one of the nurses to come around.
"Thank you, Jo helped me with it.”
He gets out and Dean meets him around the passenger side. "I apologize," He says, "I'm just... nervous.”
She goes back over to the desk, “Is Missouri in?”
"Oh." He brings Dean's hand up to his lips again and kisses it through a smile.
“Any time.”
"Sure."
Dean raises an eyebrow, “What's there to tell?”
“Oh, dude, this is awesome,” Ruby says as she drops a noodle into her mouth from above.
"Oh, honey."
Dean deflates. Castiel hesitates, then puts a hand on Dean's shoulder. Sam looks between the two of them, worry knitting his brows together. Dean sighs.
“Let me show you around. I bet Dean here wasn't even gentlemanly enough to give you a tour.”
“Yeah, we can do that.” He gets out the potatoes, a cutting board, and a large knife.  “Y'hear from Cas yet?” He asks while facing away.
They roughhouse together, splashing and dunking, for the better part of an hour. They climb out shivering and soaked to the bone just as the noontime sun is reaching it's height overhead, the sunlight falling in spotty through the trees. Castiel bleeds blue hair dye in rivulets down his neck and back, and Anna's eyeliner drenches her cheeks in black. They laugh as they plunk down in the warm, dry dirt.
“I'm... not surprised,” He admits. He peeks at his mother and coughs a few times.
“I see. So it's just your mother?”
He taps his fingers on his phone, still not opening it.
He chews his bottom lip, "Do they know about us?"
He shrugs. “If it's in their nature.”
“The night nurse.”
"You said that already."
They drive in silence. Mom is little ways away through a winding backroad. Fall is in full effect in this part of town, the leaves on the trees as orange as the sunset. Night creeps over them as they drive, so by the time they pull in to the Campbell Graveyard it's almost completely dark.
Ash points at her, "True."
She laughs, “Real Housewives it is.”
Bobby backs up to give them some room, "Good to see you boys. Wish it were under better circumstances."
“What, you jealous?” Jo teases.
She laughs. Castiel threads his fingers through Dean's and they start off towards the car. The three of them leave together, the stars gathering above them.
"That's exactly it! And the whole point of that scene is that he's like, not able to feel emotions for women." Dean grins and Castiel nods thoughtfully.
Their next unit is on Frankenstein – the book, not the movie, much to Dean's disappointment – and they'll be doing a semester-long research project about it. Ugh. And it's a partner project. Double ugh. But he doesn't want to disappoint Miss Sands. Maybe he can enlist Sammy's help; They just finished Frankenstein in their book club last month.
He can hear his mother moving around her bedroom. In his reflection, Castiel can see her deep-set blue eyes and square jaw.
“That's Charlie,” Dean says, “A friend of mine from when we lived in San Antonio. That from the Moondoor tournament a couple years ago.”
He flushes and coughs again.
Anna tosses pebbles into the rushing river and Castiel braids a long piece of grass. He hums something tuneless when the cold touch of the drying water on his skin gets too much, and Anna bobs her head along.
Cas passes the questions along and Dean assures him it's as casual as can be, and that Adra doesn't need to bring anything unless she wants to.
“Nothing? Does this looks like nothing to you?!”
“Um. Yeah, fries.”
Talbot's Landing is the same endless, perma-flourescent hallway as any other floor of any other hospital. The only difference is ithat this one is as familiar to Castiel as his own home: there's a water stain they haven't managed to get out yet outside the women's restroom that Castiel thinks looks like a mother and child, but Meg thinks it looks like a monster with it's mouth wide open. They've had this argument many times, and they have it again now, but half-heartedly as Castiel's breath is coming in gasps and wheezes.
Dean grins. “Jess! Sam didn't tell me you were so pretty! How'd you swing a girl like that, eh Sammy?”
Castiel hesitates long enough that Dean starts to wonder if he left.
Dean shrugs, “Alright.”
Sam frowns.
“I don't see why you don't fire him,” Ruby chimes in from the couch, where she's gone back to her checkers game.
She frowns, "Sorry, kiddo." She shrugs. No comment about liking Sam more, he notices.
His eyes are puffy when he goes back to the viewing room to stand between Adra and the casket. She flashes a sad smile and squeezes his hand.
“They're fine, I guess,” He groans, “I have three papers and a test. The test is next Friday, and thankfully I can turn the papers in when I'm finished with them.”
Dean raises his eyebrows. 'Familiar' is an understatement – he was just texting Charlie the other day with a hefty analysis of the Kirk-v-Gorn fight scene.
“Eh? They still do those?”
Novak nods, "Very interesting. Do you know what makes it so unique?"
“What? Aren't those like, set-in-stone, come-hell-or-high-water plans? Geez, when we were dating she wouldn't even go home with me.”
He freezes. “Um. Nothing. I forgot to lock the door to the shed.” He also forgot to put the wire netting around the vegetable plot.
She holds it up – Vonnegut,
Dean would be honored. “Uh, sure.”
Dean drives, blasting music the whole way. Charlie practices her Serious Princessing Face in the mirror. Every so often they'll look at each other and erupt into giggles.
“Oh.” He thinks about it. “I would not want my mother to be left alone.”
"You never told me why you asked about Cas yesterday," Sam says, popping the DVD out of it's case. He looks over and smirks, "Do you have a crush on him or something?"
“You're awake!” He knows the voice, but he can't focus his eyes to look at her. He makes a pleased noise is the back of his throat, though. “That's no way to talk to your favorite nurse, Castiel, but I'll let it slide this time.”
"Hi, Cas. What are you boys fighting about now?"
At the end of the night, Ellen insists Jo drive Novak home. She obliges; He lives the housing complex across from her anyway. Delacroix, the rich kid neighborhood where they all have 2-story houses. She's a little worried it'll be awkward, but in the car Novak and Ash wind up chatting about some weird French movie they've both seen, so it's not too bad.
"Here, here!" Dean raises his beer.
It's now that Castiel steps in. He puts himself physically in between them, overtop the hot cocoa and smashed ornament pieces.
It is getting heavy. It's been getting heavy for a long, long time.
“He's just a cat, Dean, and my room is tiny!”
“Right,” She sighs, “Fifth times the charm.”
“Dean, Sam,” Castiel says, “I think we should take some time to cool off.”
“You could wake the dead with that,” Charlie says.
“Mmhm. Missouri does stop by to see him sometimes when he's here. Would you like to meet her?”
"You know what this means."
He takes a deep breath and does. His body is a hurricane, hate and love and grief all twisting up together inside him. But Adra and Dean hold him close, anchor him until the storm passes. 'Anna was here,' the wind howls, Anna was here, Anna was here.
“Will you need a ride home?” Dean asks during a lull in their conversation.
“Havin' fun?” Dean asks, shuffling back over.
He clicks his hazards on and stops the car completely.
Sam, breathing hard, snorts and looks away. Dean does the same.
“So not too bad,” She muses.
“Probably. I would if I were her.”
"Uh. Yeah, he sucks."
“Nah, Sam's the bookworm of the family. Unless you count Motortrend or Playboy.”
Bobby eyes him, "Don't mention it, kid."
"Hey, Cabbage, it's okay," Mr. B says, having returned from the kitchen. Charlie falls forward into her mother's chest and Mrs. strokes her hair. "Did you have fun and do your best?"
“What the fuck?” Dean says, pulling the door open.
“Yes,” He says with a glare. He knows Dean is well-intentioned, but really. Twist the knife.
Inside, Dean starts opening the cabinets and the fridge, pulling out bread and cold cuts. "What do you want?"
“That's what I like to hear,” She says, tugging his blanket down a little to give him some breathing room. As she's flipping on his desk fan, she asks, “Are you up for eating, or do I need to make a Scandishake?”
“Don't use him against me,” Ruby says.
Castiel takes his hand and brings it to his lips. His fingers are cold but his mouth is warm.
The only conclusion he's come to so far is that he is trop fatigué putain for this. He huffs, at the same time that Sam on the other side of the table lets out a groan.
Dean drives a boxy old car, and apparently hates it when anyone talks badly about her. Castiel discovers this when the Impala takes a minute to start, and Dean leans over and whispers sweet nothings into the steering wheel.
He takes a sip of his water, “Urgh.”
"Cool, it looks good."
"Hey man, we don't have to--"
“Musta been lonely,” He says.
“Dunno,” She says, “It's stupid, and I've learned more working at the shop than I ever did in the classroom.”
He waits the requisite minute for her to get inside before he pulls out of the parking lot.
With that, they head to Dean's room. It's small, but warm. The walls are lined with posters, concert tickets, and various other memoribilia. It looks like Dean made a marginal effort to pick things up; His dirty clothes are in a laundry basket near the window, and there's enough room on the floor to pull out the trundle bed. The dresser remains cluttered, covered in little green army men, photographs, and even an ash tray. He peers at one of the photos: Dean, his face painted in blue stripes, stands next to a girl with fiery red hair. They're both wearing medieval garments.
After they've been sitting for a minute, Dean bites his lip and says, “So, what's with the whole... Siouxie Sioiux cosplay?”
“Castiel was great,” Sam mutters, hiccuping between words, “He was a great fuckin' guy. Best guy I know.”
“Do you think you'd've stayed friends with Jo and Ash if you guys went to different schools?”
Oh, fuck. Dean glances over and Adra is staring at nothing, her mouth a thin line.
"Hey Bobby," Dean grins, “I brought Cas.”
they take a seat, Cas takes the opportunity to take out his phone too.
, he writes, then crosses it out.
He bolts.
“Oh?” She scoots the chair closes and takes his hand, her own warm.
Charlie drops his bag and turns on him.
They go back to eating, and after a bit, Dean says, “Hey, uh, do either of you know Castiel Novak? We're partners for an English project.”
“No, it's a stupid holiday.”
"What? No."
When he leaves the bathroom, the young man in question is standing outside the door, so close Castiel almost bumps into him. "Oh, hello."
He orders a black coffee. They take a seat in a booth near the front window. The only other patron in the restaurant is an older man in the corner, sipping on a tea and reading his newspaper. He glances at the two of them, a little glassy-eyed, but doesn't say anything.
“Hm, I dunno. I'll ask Dad.”
“Okay, Spock. It is, though.”
Bela raises her eyebrows, “Fascinating. Can I get you a drink?”
“Really? No Thanksgiving with your family?”
“So this is Cas!” He says, opening his arms, “Nice to meet you, bud. I love the jacket.” Without warning, he puts his arm around Castiel. Gabe is a couple inches shorter than him, which is saying something.
Putain de merde. Maybe he should have stayed home.
“Oh yeah?”
“Course. I got a venus fly trap for Christmas, actually? You would think between the plant and the cat my house would be bug free, but I guess the cockroaches in my shower didn't get the memo.” She makes a sickface.
He crosses his arms, “Why? I'm too sick to keep it alive.”
“There's --” He coughs, “-- No accounting for taste.”
Dean frowns. He looks to Sam, who shrugs.
“I'm glad to hear it. How are ya? We missed you last week.”
While he waits, he fishes his phone out.
Adra glances at him, pulling the car to the side of the road. “Would you like me to turn around?”
"Thanks, I wanted somethin' a bit different. My sister used to dye her hair like this all the time."
“Um,” He says again. He gestures down to his bed, where The Vest is waiting for him. The part that wraps around his chest is large and blue, soft with wear, with thick black tubes connecting it to a white machine roughly the size and shape of a toaster. Castiel runs his hands over it's familiar wrinkles, “Should I bring it?”
Castiel doesn't realize he's closed his eyes until he opens them a few minutes later.
When they reach the other end of the neighborhood, Princess Leia stops and sniffs a tree for a full minute before squatting down to pee.
“At least they can add some geranium,” He murmurs, “Or begonias.” He coughs and looks around for where to spit. Adra grabs him a plastic cup.
Jo bristles when he tells her about the texts, wrinkling her nose.
“I wasn't gonna,” Sam mutters.
“Fine.”
The garden. He has to get to the garden. Anna will be in the garden.
“Okay. Do you need to sleep?”
"Okay,” Dean mutters, not understanding, “Okay, babe."
“It's Sam,” Sam corrects, “And it's, y'know, it's today.”
Both girls look surprised. Anna's brow twitches down before she shifts away from him.
Dean blinks a couple times but says nothing.
This isn't particularly worrying, someone is usually staring at him for one reason or another; it comes with the territory of looking like he does. At least, that's how Anna explained it to him back in the day, and he's found no fault in her logic yet.
They go quiet again for a minute. A gust of wind hits them, and Dean shivers. The sounds of the city churn below them, cogs of urbanization that haven't quite found their way to their side of town yet.
“What?”
Dean's eyes go wide, "Oh sweet Jesus, stop. Stop! My God, Bobby, just give me a pamphlet or something!"
This gives Castiel enough time to brush his teeth twice, use mouthwash, and chug two entire bottles of water. His clothes aren't too spoiled, so he doesn't bother changing, just wets his hands, runs them through his hair, and calls it good enough.
"Idiot."
Dean doesn't realize how badly he's shaking until the door swings closed and Bobby turns to face him.
“Dean?”
The rest of the night, Castiel reads. He coughs. He prays. He manages to fall asleep just as the sun starts peeking through the clouds. He has strange dreams he doesn't remember upon waking.
"With what?"
“Oh, fuck,” He says. Sam hasn't offered many times before, “Shit, uh, yeah, if you want to.”
If you or a loved one is considering suicide, please reach out. You're needed here.
"It's no wonder you need help with this stuff, Cas," He pants, “This is hard fuckin' labor.”
He turns back to the sink before spitting again.
"Knock 'em dead," Jo says, putting the car in park and patting his arm.
“Ah, his testing should be done.”
"Anytime." He looks away for a second, "So, uh, how's Cas?" His voice has a certain weight to it that makes Dean's pulse jump, but in a good way.
"Pleeease?" Sam gives his best impression of a sad dog, and Dean caves.
She looks up, “Winchester? Really?”
Castiel arrives a few minutes before the pizza does. John's already shipped out, so it's just the boys for the night. Dean's relieved -- he doesn't think he could justify all three of them watching a chick flick, even if it was Jess' idea.
“No,” She'd say back, “No one signs up to be sick. We just are. But I'm sorry anyways.”
“Did you know a male cat's penis is sharply barbed along it's shaft?” He asks.
Sam pouts.
Castiel shuffles, heat creeping up his neck. “I am... embarrassed.”
Dean looks at him a moment before grinning, "Yeah, yeah. Anyway, here's your heart attack in a cup."
"When we were, like, fifteen, we found this old bridge out in the woods. Concrete, nothing fancy. A little stream ran under it, but the water was brown, always dirty. We used to go out there and get drunk, get a little handsy sometimes, or just hang out. It was kind of...our place, I guess." Sorine clears her throat like there's a lump in it and tilts her head up to look at him. "When I saw you, the way you hit your knees, how angry you were… I don't know. I guess I imagined how it would have felt if I went to the bridge and found that someone had burned it."
Sam and Eileen show up one day, not even calling in advance. Dean's outside with Jack, showing him Baby's undercarriage, and he crawls out with faint suspicion when he hears tires turn into the yard. His defensiveness disappears entirely when he sees who it is, and then he's like a little kid on Christmas. His enthusiasm almost outweighs even Jack's.
The brunette lifted her gaze from the floor, a small, sick smile reaching her lips. "Dean."
The frown slowly was replaced by one of discomfort. "I have wings, can we fly?" Sam had never been in a motor vehicle. The car in front of him looked tiny, making the angel feel something he shouldn't be able to feel. His wings fluttered as a reminder of the problem with confined spaces as such. What was the word? Claustrophobia.
"The hell does that mean?" Gabriel interrupted Dean. Castiel frowned at his older brother, sending him a glare that said: "Shut up and let him talk". "Sorry,
'. The hotel looked more like a motel on the outside. It was a small building, slightly run down. The reviews weren't that great either, two starts tops. But they didn't have a lot of options when it came to finding a place to stay in the small town, so this would have to do. (Not to mention it was only $52 a night)
beings he's hated since the Beginning. 'Go back to Hell to find someone else to bother' 'Take your holy ass back up to Heaven- oh wait, you're not welcome there'?!" A light burst in the warehouse, the glass falling onto the hunters. "No wonder he's not answering you. You told him off, and he was
" he had said. There was no question as to why Gabriel needed help on a supposed demon case.
,' Gabriel wanted to say. He has a very good understanding of how he affects Sam with his choice of words as well as actions. "Why didn't you tell Castiel and I that if we die, you and Sam will turn on each other and destroy the world?"
"Well?" Lisa grabbed his attention with an impatient huff. "Aren't you going to say something? Like--"
" Sam heard a low '
thing. He had an interview for law school, and he wasn't going to miss it.
Sam rolled his eyes. "More than one demon at work. Keep your complaining to a minimum or yourself." The crime scene gained his focus once more. There was something off to him about what was in front of him. "This... all of this was done for attention."
The screams of his mother, the cries of his baby brother, his dad telling him to take his brother outside as fast he could, and what followed the house's burn.
A half-hearted laugh left Sam's vessel. "Well, you're doing
Castiel shook his head. "Not entirely." His gaze snapped to Sam, who was tapping his fingers against the counter, almost impatiently. "This is about the demon and why you didn't save Gabriel from all those injuries."
Gabriel was barely holding on when Dean arrived. His breathing was uneven and slow, his eyes remained closed, and his body still. Only the faint glow of Gabriel's soul showed Dean the hunter was still fighting... or at least his soul was.
The dramatic pause gave Gabriel a chance to finish Castiel's sentence. "You're seeing the Ken doll that is your guardian angel." The younger Novak squinted and titled his head in confusion. "Dean-o texted you this morning about a 'diner from last night' and a time for meeting up. Do you guys need my blessing to date or something?"
The room was dark and held very little air. There were no vents, no air conditioners, nothing to provide any form of life with oxygen. Only an old and dim light gave the room an atmosphere, and even then... the confined space didn't seem at all habitable. It certainly didn't match all the other rooms in Hell either.
demons who
The door to the diner suddenly opened, stopping Castiel from replying. "Those 'douchebag angels' saved your life, shortstack." Dean's voice was low, a warning to not continue any further. "Shut up and get inside the diner, both of you. Sam and I are losing our patience waiting and listening to you two bicker."
Sam flinched hard, squeezing his eyes shut. His words hit too close to home. "Gabriel, please listen--"
of sulfur," Gabriel commented in disgust. His nose twitched with each step they took. "Ugh."
Meg backed down, nodding. "Alright. Just... let me know beforehand next time." She waved her hand and made her way out the door. "Be ready in a few hours to visit the farmer! I emailed you some info on him."
Sam held a hand up, pointing to a waitress that was strutting by. Before she could ask what they wanted, or more of what
High tension filled the air. Adam felt small when his older brother stood from the throne. "Where is the angel?" His answer was given when Adam grabbed his hand and flew them into a warehouse.
Another apocalypse... Gabriel thought about the note in the weird angelic language the demons left.
The bartender raised his hands in the air. "Woah- hey, buddy. I haven't seen anyone with that description."
When they entered the motel room, Gabriel took a seat on his bed, leaning against the headboard. Sam sat at the table and intertwined his fingers. It reminded the hunter of when they first met, because this was exactly what happened when they reached the motel all those weeks ago.
He continuously told himself that. Gabriel could make a list of his wants, but never cross out any of them. A normal life? Absolutely not. He lost that for both him and his brother because of their dad.
The one thing he cared about, the
While Gabriel was worrying himself over what was going to follow his call with Sam, Castiel was figuring out what he was going to do that evening after they interviewed the farmer whose cows were mutilated. It has been a hot minute since he's been on a date or even
listen with no interruptions, I'll tell you when you can speak."
As soon as Dahlia's engine started up, her tires screeched and left marks on the asphalt ground. Dean regretted not putting on his seatbelt as soon as he stepped in. "I don't care if I'm interrupting your thought process, the hell is going on?" He looked to Gabriel's watch, the object that had caused this freakout session. "What does Castiel have to do with it being 5:30? Is he in danger?" While Gabriel had a protective-brother alarm going off, Dean was beginning to panic from a soul-to-grace point. "Gabriel, I swear to--"
"Sam..." Dean not-so subtly kicked his brother's ankle. The other archangel said nothing. There was something him and Gabriel had in common... stubbornness. He turned to Castiel, rolling his eyes. "He was there, just when Gabriel was unconscious. Sam here, dealt with the demon who nearly killed Gabriel. The demon is dead."
demons, but to cross him like
"Five sounds good," Castiel finally said. He didn't even think about a demon hovering over the man, even thought that was
Before Castiel could protest about his sleep schedule and his lack of patience on the matter, both archangels were gone. '
"Oh... is he not answering your prayers?" The demon sneered. A sick smile reached its lips again, taunting him for the hundredth time. "Why are you surprised? The man who rules Hell coming to help his vessel, a damsel in distress... no. And as far as I know- he's never done it. You're nothing to him.. just like the rest of you humans."
Sam frowned and gave Gabriel a slight annoyed glare. "It's Sam." The hunter shrugged, a grin remaining on his lips. "You said there's a demon problem that you need my help with?"
When the clock hit 8:10, Gabriel decided it was time to 'get up'. He slid off the bed, raising his arms to stretch as far as he could, then dropping one of his hands on Castiel's face. His little brother grunted and smacked Gabriel's hand away.
Just this case... right?
The man hummed and pushed a key towards the brothers. "Room 118. How long will you be staying?" He placed his fist under his chin, drumming his fingers against the counter as he stared at Castiel.
. Something's wrong, and you're going to interrupt my thoughts."
The man shook his head, taking a seat next to the hunter. "Gabriel Novak, I really am an angel, specifically yours." Gabriel glared. "Your brother is about to call you. His guardian angel is with him right now."
Of course she would go that route. Gabriel clenched his jaw. "Sam is--"
Castiel was about to respond, but several knocks from the door interrupted him. He sighed and walked over to the door, peeking out through a crack until he met blonde hair and brown eyes. "Meg."
A loud WHOOSH startled the two, especially Ryan. Gabriel lifted his gaze from the ground, staring at the man in front of them, eyes widening. The hunter removed his arm from Ryan's, due to the bartender's uncomfortable shaking.
Of course, as with anything, there was a limit to what Gabriel could do to help his little brother out. Chuck would grow angry at times, because Castiel was paying attention to school more than hunting. Gabriel had stepped in before fights could occur multiple times, he'd occasionally take the hit too.
Castiel pressed his lips into a thin line. A previous conversation with Dean about someone like this clouded over his thoughts. "That doesn't tell me who you are or why I'm here." At this moment, he was stalling. "Background doesn't tell me shit on who you are."
to 'Crazy Lemon' was too awkward to really be true.
Finally, Gabriel nodded, muttering a 'yes sir' before being released from Dean's grip. He never liked the tone the archangel used with him, or the way he spoke when he was angry. It occasionally triggered a flashback to when his father would shout at him for doing something wrong and demand a counter, something to right to be done, or an apology to give.
The demons nodded, rushing over to Alex's body and dragging her away. Both wanted to get out of the room as soon as possible, noting that their boss was angry and with a simple snap of his fingers could kill them.
Dean groaned, leaning back in his chair. He had been given the easy one to protect... Gabriel was going to be difficult with Sam. "I don't think you understand. Sam and I are going to be with you two whether you like it or not. Because you're our vessels, both Heaven and Hell are going to be on your asses."
The archangel shook his head. "You two shouldn't worry about it, because it's not gonna happen." Dean looked at the Novaks with narrowed eyes, a serious expression covering his face. "Not on our watch. Not ever."
" over and over... everything went black. Last thing Castiel smelled was sulfur.
In the middle of the warehouse was a small circle of fire. Two angels stood outside of it, conversing quietly, while another sat in the circle silently. The conversation ceased when Adam and Dean approached the circle.
The man next to Castiel gave Sam a funny look. "Why didn't you just fly here? We have wings for a reason, Sammy."
." Dean growled. His pupils had been replaced with a bright blue glow, a sign of how angry he was.
"An apology?" Gabriel's mouth dropped in shock. "For what? What did I--"
The farmer, Jacob Livingston, also sighed and finally opened the gate to his farm. "I'll be makin' lunch at my house across the farm." He pointed to a tiny yellow one-story home. "Come over if y'all need anything."
Lisa was one of the few angels Dean did not expect to see in the circle. She always followed him and his orders without question, he could always rely on her when it came to work and she had been one of his siblings who helped him through the loss of Sam.
Castiel couldn't sleep. Despite his brother's stubborn personality, he was able to get the story out of him. Needless to say, Castiel was livid with Gabriel.
The hunters nodded in understanding. Well, Castiel glared at Gabriel until he agreed with a scoff.
Gabriel grumbled something under his breath and slammed the money owed. Sam followed him, a deep frown on his face. The so-called 'angel' looked a little upset with Gabriel, but who was the hunter to judge?
trying my damndest to keep it together. This is
"--Gabriel's boyfriend. They, uh... met on one of the demon hunts," Castiel intervened before his older brother could finish. He ignored both the archangel and Gabriel's glares. Better than telling her they were working with Satan. "He's a good hunter, Meg."
Castiel sighed. "We just go where they tell us to, sir."
Sam sat up straighter, glaring down at the Shurley across from him. "
Dean placed a hand on Castiel's shoulder. "I need you to calm down." The hunter glared at him, but his chest started rising and falling at an acceptable pace. "Do you know if Gabriel prayed to Sam at all?"
"T-The demon-- there was a demon and sh-she took Gabriel." He ran his fingers through his hair and began to pace back and forth. "And werewolves... they were so
Gabriel was the first to see it. Castiel at school, their father on a hunt... he was watching TV when someone slid a letter through the door's crack.
The youngest archangel averted his gaze. This would upset Dean greatly. "There are angels... angels grouping with demons. They... their plan is to bring the apocalypse on." He looked up at Dean, whose face was switching to minor anger. "There's an angel surrounded in holy fire down on Earth, surrounded by some others who're making sure she doesn't get out."
"What're you waiting for?" Castiel hovered over the archangel and his brother. "Heal him! He's dying!" Why was he hesitating?
The next stage of the bond is more complex. The more time the angel spends with their human, the more their grace spreads through the human's soul. Soon enough, the angel begins to feel pain that the human feels, and occasionally strong emotions. Strangely, Sam is sure that this is his and Gabriel's bond.
"W-Wait, 'demon'?" Gabriel looked back and forth between the two. He was beginning to sober up, just a little. "Sam..."
a romantic interest with someone. And on top of that, he had a case to worry about.
to you about who's after me?" Gabriel was just as shocked as Dean. He knew damn well that Sam didn't like him, and this... this was very out of character.
apologize to him and you
well on that." An annoyed sigh followed his ever-so sarcastic comment. "I don't know why I acted out like that, okay? I... I think it might have been my grace. I could feel
." He snatched his beer bottle from the table and took a long drink of it, ignoring the fact it wasn't very tasteful.
The explanation of the angels, who are actually archangels, meeting with the Shurleys took around thirty minutes. Dean had asked that questions must wait until the end, because it was enough only he was explaining it. His younger brother refused to speak, and Dean respected the 'why'.
When they pulled up to the motel, Sam was quick to exit the car, letting out a relieved sigh he didn't realize he was holding. Never again would he step into a tiny car like this- or he would probably end up breaking something... preferably the driver's bones. Even if he hated it, Gabriel wasn't someone he could harm, so Sam would settle with bitching to him about it, maybe adding a little threat to it.
The brothers remained silent as they dressed and packed for the road. Castiel was thinking about what to say to Gabriel about meeting with Sam and Dean at the diner. Gabriel, on the other hand, was thinking about Dean and his little brother's secret meeting. Was this another one? Would he be playing some sort of third wheel? God, he hoped not.
that they didn't just jump in bed!" His chest continued to rise and fall unsteadily, but his face was starting to become neutral again. "'S got to be at least five dates for him to do so.
threat speech Sam had gone through, Gabriel shrunk a little bit. Sam had been so awkward and uncomfortable at the bar and in the car. This Sam that sat in front of him was powerful and angry, his fuse snapped as soon as Castiel had mentioned the past. Matters were going to be proved as difficult if this Sam was to be around him.
"Hey, Cassie," Gabriel called for his little brother. Castiel stopped straightening his tie and turned around. "Uhh... I called Sam and he's going to be helping us out with this one."
A glass bottle burst on the table next to them. An older man that had been drinking it used very colorful language as he stood up to save any more clothing from getting wet. The waitress who had
" Sam was furious. He expected some disobedience from the demons on some matters, they
"And that's all I've been told."
"Dean," the first angel greeted. The vessel made the angel easy to recognize. Bright red hair, green eyes...
that Alex was doing to him."
The supposed soothing words didn't last long. A difficult hunt involving werewolves on some sort of steroids left Castiel with a serious concussion, and Gabriel in the hands of a pack leader... a pack leader with black eyes. A demon.
Gabriel walked closer to Sam and looked down at the slaughtered cattle. "What makes you say that? This looks like any other mutilation. Just more... cattle dead and apparently demons."
"Yeah, sure you are. And I'm Donald Trump." Gabriel chuckles into his whiskey, shaking his head. "You got the looks of one, sugar. But don't expect me to really believe that." The hunter held his tongue on hunts involving churches and 'The Lord'. He had his opinion, and it wasn't anything good. "If you're looking for a good time, you could've just asked."
Dean sighed. "No. It's not..." he trailed off, groaning. This was about to get complicated. "With the guardian angel business, it's more than just me and Sam protecting you. There's a process, there's steps... it's... complicated." He shot a tiny glare at Sam, who bowed his head at what was about to be said. "There's more to Gabriel and Sam's relationship right now than there is to ours, Castiel."
Gabriel coughed up another splotch of blood when the demon's fist connected with his stomach. His head dropped again, the ringing in his ears returned, drowning out the demon's laugh.
Last time the archangels spoke with them was their first meeting. Well, Dean would text Castiel and ask him if he needed anything every so often, but other than that... nothing. The younger Shurley pointed out to the archangel the lack of demons and how no angels had come for them.
Meg looked to Sam and Gabriel for confirmation. Castiel couldn't be on this bit alone, everyone has to participate in the lie.
Once again, the brothers were silent next to one another. Castiel looked as if he wanted to say something, but didn't. The only words that had left his mouth were about the diner and its location. Well, up until they reached the door.
"You dyed your hair," Gabriel pointed out, instead of greeting her politely as his younger brother had. Meg smiled at him, glad he had pointed it out. "Let's hope the personality of a blonde doesn't match your hair."
Sam was covered in blood by the time he was finished.
The demon burst, blood covering a frightened and teary Castiel. But the hunter was ignored, at least by Sam.
.' Fortunately for Castiel, Gabriel didn't have enough teasing-energy to say anything. Maybe he'd ask why they were meeting up, but nothing further.
"Brother," Adam interrupted the concentration thoughts in Dean's brain with a clear of his throat. "Um... there's several problems going on Earth that we should be worried about... that you and Sam should worry about."
deal at the current time.
"Dammit..." Sam took a seat in the chair the demon had been sitting in and put his head in his hands. He shouldn't have done this. His original mindset from the Beginning was already crawling through his grace...
You will soon learn that Sam is VERY bipolar. Reminder: He's Satan and has been trapped in a cage for a LONG time and doesn't like humans.
"If I may interrupt," Castiel intervened an argument in the making. His gaze turned to Sam, who had been oddly quiet. "I know who you are in the Bible." He took note of Sam's jaw clenching. "You're the archangel, Sam... the one who fell. The devil himself. Why would you help us?"
The archangel snapped his fingers, making Ryan disappear into a puff of smoke. Sam waved his hand in the air, letting out a deep sigh. He should've known there'd be demons still playing games on their own. "Come on, Gabriel, let's--"
Gabriel glanced to his side. "Who?" He pressed onto the gas pedal harder, despite Dahlia's engine roaring in warning on how much gas he was using and how her engine couldn't take much more pressure. "Demon?"
Sighing, Sam took the blade out and wiped the blood onto his jeans. He snapped his fingers and two demons appeared, both feeling incredibly small when showing. "Take this out of my sight, show everyone else what happens when they disobey me."
". The man did not flinch, just offered a small bit of hand sanitizer, asking if he was alright. "I'm fine, thank you. I'll, uh... go set our things in our room, Cassie."
Charlie and Kevin glanced at each other. "We found her around a couple of demons. They were discussing... going after the Novaks... killing them."
The hunter said nothing. He simply stared at the archangel coldly. Internally, he was thankful and wanted to say so. In fact, he was currently having an internal battle on whether to swallow up his pride and say 'thank you' or be stubborn and change the subject.
Sam jerked away from Castiel, fixing his kicked-puppy expression to one similar to a stone's. "I'll see you back at the motel." He walked away from the other hunters, waiting until he was behind the farmer's house before flying away.
The angel shut her mouth and lowered her head. Her cockiness and bravery dropped dramatically, both replaced with fear. It was expected of her, Lisa could never stand up to someone of higher status than her for less than five minutes.
Gabriel wanted to bang his head against a brick wall and yell until his throat was too raw to make another sound. Each time this happened, it took him ten minutes to calm down and be able to work properly again. It was a heap of bullshit and only happened when he bitched and threw his anger at Sam.
Gabriel, you should go talk to him. Now that your grace is bumping you two up to the second stage, you're going to need each other more. And you know what that involves using, Sam? Words."
A silence fell in the room. Gabriel wanted to intervene, but he somehow felt that Sam would be the one answering. Period.
Dean leaned back in the seat, his head hitting the back of the booth. "There's five stages to the guardian angel bond, but all angels usually end at the third stage. Stage One is what Castiel and I have: I protect you, and that's that. Nothing more. Stage Two is... it's what Gabriel and Sam have: Sam's grace has begun to seep into Gabriel's soul because he saved your ass twice."
"Hmm..." The man wasn't sure about that. He stopped drumming his fingers and straightened up. "Is he your partner?" He gestured to Gabriel with a head tilt. Castiel shook his head. "Alright, cool. There's a bar in town called Crazy Lemon. 5:00?"
Sam leaned forward, sending his brother a hard and livid glare. "You don't 'get' any of this, Dean. Dad didn't put you in a cage in Hell, Dad didn't keep you away from anyone or
"Did you find a case?" Gabriel asked, rubbing a towel on his head. He had decided to take a nice, hot shower to get rid of a headache he received from his long night. Talk about a hangover. Castiel shook his head. "You're kidding."
"Wait," Castiel sat up in his seat, looking between the archangels. "Is it just us being your vessels that's the problem? That's what would set the apocalypse off?" He was confused, very confused.
Gabriel held back a snarky remark that was on the tip of his tongue and went inside. Castiel dropped his head apologetically and followed his brother, not waiting for the comment from Dean that his anger was not directed towards the younger hunter.
In front of them was Sam, a very angry Sam. As he walked towards the two, Gabriel could make out shadows of what looked to be wings, but they became more clear after each step the archangel took. Before he could make out the color, they disappeared, leaving burning red eyes to catch his attention.
That sounds super unhealthy, I know. But... it'll change, I promise... Be patient guys. :)
The Novaks didn't need their guardian angels too often. They hadn't come across any monster that they couldn't handle, even the demons weren't too bad. In fact... demons were not much of a problem anymore for them. All they really had to deal with was the occasional crossroads demon that messed up a deal.
AND: Before you spill hate on a character, please be aware of the situation first! Read and wait to comment until you know who they really are!
Castiel slowly raised his body into a sitting position, letting out a breathy sigh when he was able to regain his composure. "....Dean?"
The archangel dropped his head, staring at the coffee cup in front of him. "Serena isn't dead. I snapped her to wherever Tristen is... as a warning." He wasn't entirely aware of how bad it sounded to everyone else, but he knew they weren't 100% on board with his techniques. "Look," Sam rolled his eyes. "The last thing we need is an entirely different apocalypse, and you two ending up dead will not be good for anyone. Heaven, Hell, or Earth."
When the door to the bar opened, a deep frown played upon Dean's lips. He knew that smell... and to say he was disappointed was an understatement. It was the tangy smell of demon blood, of human blood.
Warning(?): Minor torture
? That's a bit excessive."
The archangel nodded, holding a hand out to help Castiel up. "I came as soon as you called." He looked around the room, gesturing to the damage of the motel room around them. "What happened? Where's your brother?"
How could he act out like that? Intoxication is no exception to his behavior, at least in Castiel's books. Sam and Dean are here to help them, even with Sam's past showing up every so often, he's supposed to protect Gabriel no matter what. Now he could see why the archangel didn't feel like that. A drunk Gabriel was a truthful and occasionally happy Gabriel. Wrong time for Sam to show, even if it was for a demon.
are in control of what Sam does' isn't reaching your understanding?"
Castiel sent a glare to his brother, who shrugged. The lack of faith and belief inside Gabriel would make this more complicated than it should be. Instead of saying anything, he opened the door to the motel. The words on the tip of his tongue were not to be said around the angels, only for his brother's ears.
Well, Dean certainly hadn't worded it any better than Sam did. Gabriel wouldn't admit it, but he preferred Sam's explanation. This one hit too deep. "Would've been nice to know anyway." He finished his drink with one long gulp and slid out of his chair. "I'll go... talk to him."
The archangels relaxed (a little bit of anger still surrounded Sam's aura, but it wasn't too bad). "It's good you're willing to do this... well, even if you weren't, we'd still be around." Dean waved his hand, his grace poofing the bottles of beer out of existence- Sam only touched his once. "We won't always be by your side, so don't expect us to fall in line with you every time you two get into trouble." Him and Sam stood up, looking ready to leave. "Our numbers are already in your contacts, so if we do not answer a text or a call- and it's an
The archangel shifted in his seat, looking out the window for a moment. Castiel always seemed more worried about his brother than himself, so Dean hoped he wouldn't ask about the bond at all. It was a weird concept for him, and to Dean... the only reason he was protecting Castiel was to keep the battle between Heaven and Hell from happening. If Gabriel hadn't been so reckless, him and Sam wouldn't be on this road.
Castiel was huddled against a wall, holding his head in one hand, and attempting to use his phone in the other. But the words were too blurry, his head pounded hard until he tossed the phone away from him. '
trying to protect you."
He discussed it with Dean, asking if he would know what was going on. The archangel gave him an almost guilty look and explained to Gabriel why it was like that.
"You're a feisty one," the demon laughed as he finally stood in front of Castiel. "My name... My name is Tristen. And you're here to die."
During the
"I suppose." Sam waved his hand in the air. "Jessica is in charge until I get back." The demons raised their brows, about to say that she wasn't in charge of such things, but decided against it after reminding themselves of those Sam had tortured for questioning and defying orders. They also watched their boss lean down to her ear and say: "Do one thing wrong, and you're joining the others in the Empty."
"I have more questions," Castiel told Dean. The archangel gestured with his hand for him to continue. "It's about the bonds... mostly Sam and Gabriel's. I'm, uh, a little worried about what might happen with them." He took a long drink of his coffee and waited for Dean's response.
"Dean, man, I'll teach him. You don't have to, it's fine," Sam mutters.
Dean slides his finger along Cas' jaw, humming quietly and staring at him. "Yeah. Want it?"
Anyway, Dean is sure with a sudden conviction that cowboys (or, at least, modern ones much younger than him) are overrated.
"Yeah, I do," Benny echoes now, and he shuffles closer, mouth immediately latching onto Dean's neck.
of heartbreak, or bitterness, or misery. There's nothing to be found, and while it scares Dean shitless, he has to know. He
"The problem is that I did not start
Dean. These words are not a comfort. They're not helpful. What do bees have anything to do with this?
This is worse than anything Dean has ever felt. He
There's not an immediate answer, so Castiel pauses halfway to the refrigerator. He turns, slowly. Jack is staring down at his scuffed shoes with a small frown, his head tilted to the side. There is something different about him, something that Castiel can't quite put his finger on. He seems both too big for his skin and too small.
But then he hears Cas yelling his and Sam's name, and his heart
"Like there's
"Okay, excuse the hell outta me," Sam mutters. "I just know there's a storm heading your way, so I wanted to make sure you and Cas were good."
Dean keeps going back.
He wishes he could just tell Cas that he can have
"That wasn't supposed to be that good," Dean admits, then has to clear his throat when it comes out rough. "For me, I mean. It, um…"
Castiel frowns slightly. "Oh. Did he? Was it something that I did? I can—"
"That's not what I said." Cas huffs a quiet laugh, an awed thing, when Dean wrenches the tie off and tosses it aside, going for his suit coat right after. He doesn't provide assistance, just swaying and moving under Dean's guiding hands. *The frame is digging into your back. You'll be sore later."
He doesn't actually know
"What's there to miss?" Dean attempts to joke, only it falls a little flat, lost somewhere in the breathless quality to his voice.
Jack came back, and I thought… Well, I figured that was a great time, but I didn't know 'bout the deal, ya see, so when he said he wanted to stop…"
"You'd like it here," Dean murmurs, knowing it down somewhere deep, where he knows the warmth of Cas' grace and the shape of his hand.
"I don't think I could pity you more than I do at this moment," Claire says in mock-sympathy. "Dean was your mentor? I'm so sorry."
"I probably can, but you've come this far, so I'll let you work the rest out on your own." Sam laughs quietly and flicks his fingers as Dean cuts off the water. "I won't lie, and I'm sorry to say it, but I honestly didn't know if you would make it this far at all. It's good, man. I'm happy for you."
But—but he must have, if Cas is doing this. And Cas is clearly doing this. He's not changing his mind, or taking it back, or swaying from his decision. It's clear in every line of his body, his entire frame solid like an immovable object that can and will withstand an unstoppable force. He means it. Every word he's said, he genuinely means it.
"Sam," Dean says softly.
"I suppose he's not my type," Castiel muses with a shrug. "It might be the hair."
Sam asks.
"Yeah," Dean agrees firmly, "we
"Oh," Castiel says instead, his voice soft.
to you. Do you remember—"
Dean can hear himself making these god-awful noises, like something going off to a corner to die in misery. He's
There's a lit-up cross hanging off to the side, and Dean nearly bursts into a ridiculous fit of giggles as they pass it. He doesn't, though. He swallows them down because men don't fucking giggle, and also, Dean hasn't outright laughed in a long time now. Besides, he's above religious jokes at this point.
Sure. Just, whatever. You can do better anyway."
idea—" Dean releases a shaky breath and reaches out to jab Castiel in the chest. "I fucking
"Oh my god," Dean chokes out, leaning back to press his fingers to his mouth, trying not to laugh like a goddamn idiot. "Are you—Cas, are you fucking with me right now?"
"I love—" Dean snorts and holds up a finger, waving it under his nose. "You almost got me, you little shit. That was pretty good, I'll give you that."
Anyway, all in a night's work. Everything is cleaned up rather nice and neat—no horses harmed, everyone's heads still attached to their necks, and Dean even made sure to handle his role without sacrificing Shawn to anything. Objectively, this would be a great, fun case that Dean would feel better walking away from.
Shawn likes it, obviously, because he grins and winks at Castiel before continuing, "Anyway, you wanna help me ride the safe horses across the way? You said you know how, right?"
"Yes," Castiel's confirms. "It's okay, Dean."
"Cas, water is fine," Dean cuts in. "Thanks."
"Uh, I—" Claire flicks her gaze to Kaia, who smiles and offers a tiny shrug. Dean watches in real time as Claire's fingers clasp together, her eyes brightening in an endearing way, like a young girl getting her first car from her parents. Ah, hell, that's kinda bittersweet, now that Dean thinks about it, but Claire's excitement more than makes up for it. "I don't mind taking it off your hands, especially if you're angling for a new car from Dean. Sure, I'll take it. If you—if you're sure."
Claire and Kaia are stepping into the house when Dean swings out of the hall to push his way into the kitchen. He rinses the mug out and pre-loads the dishwasher, then heads back out. Jack's perched on the piano stool again while Kaia and Claire get comfortable on the couch. Kaia smiles at Dean, warm and familiar. Claire outright
(to clarify, i actually usually hate/don't enjoy miscommunication and this level of dumbassery with my ships, but something about destiel's brand of stupidity gets to me)
Cas takes a swallow of his wine, then nods. "Okay. Did you rinse the dishes?"
Dean deflates, a distinct kicked-in-the-chest feeling hitting him at full force. "Shit," he says hoarsely.
So, that—that means you weren't happy any time after that and between Jack getting you out of the deal? That's what you're saying."
Jesus Christ on a fucking cracker, or whatever the fuck. Dean tangles his hands in Castiel's hair, leaning over from the slight height advantage, and Castiel pushes his knees apart to step in between them like that's his spot to enter and exit whenever he damn well pleases.
"What are we doing?" Dean mumbles, suddenly unsure. They both tumbled into bed, shirtless, definitely heading in a different direction from where they've apparently ended up.
"Yeah," Dean wheezes, letting his head dip forward so their foreheads connect with a quiet
Dean nearly swallows his tongue. He chokes as his head snaps up, and he has to beat on his chest for a second as he stares, wide-eyed and incredulous, at Cas. Those words seem to hit Cas a little belatedly, and he blanches, actually jerking back slightly.
It's nice.
what Dad meant, but I did. You think I ever talked about liking her again?"
"Yeah," Dean breathes out, not even knowing where the hell they're going.
Cas hums in agreement. "Yes, but I understand that things were very confusing for you. I could not truly act as if I didn't want you, and you could tell in some way. It was very difficult."
"Yeah, but...you'll retire at some point," Dean continues, chewing the inside of his bottom lip once again. "We all will. Maybe, uh, sooner rather than later. Just...whenever that happens, what do you think you'd want to do?"
"Good," Dean manages, finally. "That's good."
Dean snorts. "Yeah, I thought your truck was awfully shiny for you to be living off a dirt road. Also, I wouldn't make fun of your plants." Cas arches an eyebrow at him, and Dean looks away as his lips quirk up. "Well, only a little."
Truthfully, Dean hasn't. He doesn't know why, but he keeps pushing his exhaustion as far as it will go, staying up until he's so tired that he falls off into sleep so deep he can't even dream. He doesn't know what he's so worried that he'll see in his dreams, or what they'll be about, just that he is.
“Did that journalist get back to you about when they're publishing the article?” A couple months ago, a journalist for a local gardening magazine had reached out about an interview and Castiel had obliged.
Once they finish their dinner, Dean asks if he wants to keep watching Star Trek: The Original Series.
He staples his essay and scans the room, and the young man in question averts his eyes when Castiel catches his gaze. Oh, interesting.
“I like the flowers,” She would say, pointing.
Castiel hesitates, but gets in.
They're in the Novak's kitchen, work spread out on the table. There are a dozen books between them, most from the library but some from the Novak's own collection.
He furrows his eyebrows, “You're very strange.”
Dean's chest tightens, “Uh, I dunno. Maybe mechanical engineering? I do time at Bobby's auto shop and I like it just fine.”
“You're the worst,” He mutters.
"It... I really like it, actually."
He rolls his eyes, “I have had my fill of hospital food, Dean, I don't want to willingly subject myself to more.”
“But not me? Am I special?”
"Hey, man, it's been a while, how are ya?"
Sam's eyes go wide and he ducks behind Bobby's laptop screen, "No, no, I'm staying out of this one."
Castiel's hair is going every direction and the front is dyed bright, bright blue. He squints at the car, tracking it's approach with his eyes. “Um, hello, Dean. What are you doing here?”
“Language,” Dean scolds. Sam flips him off. “Does she know where you are?”
“Yeah, you looked awful,” He says.
“Hey buddy?”
Sam scoffs, "Fuck off."
He sighs, quiet for a moment. The heart monitor picks up.
“I hear you,” Dean says. He leans closer, like he's sharing a secret, and Castiel wills his heart rate to go down, “I gotta admit, I've been in class but I've still barely started.”
John's silence is chilling.
“Stupid son of a bitch,” He mutters.
He makes an aborted step forward. The priest locks eyes with him and nods.
"What in Sam Hill is going on here?" Bobby asks, coming over to where the boys are standing in front of the fridge and motioning them aside so he can get through.
“Yes,” He says, “We were.”
“Do you wanna come?" He smiles, expectantly.
“Hey Castiel! Good to see you again,” Sam says, with a face-splitting grin.
He recovers enough to roll his eyes. After a quick glance at Sam, he takes out his phone.
“Were you smoking in the house?”
“Yeah, man. Can I, uh, do anything to help?”
“Geez, are you trying to take my head off?”
"How'd it go?" He asks.
"True," Cas nods. Sam mutters something he doesn't catch.
After dropping Novak off, Jo stumbles home and Ash follows. They play a round of pool in the basement and Ash falls asleep on the couch. Jo sneaks upstairs and sets the automatic timer on coffeepot for the ungodly hour Ash wakes up at, and goes up to her room. She could finish looking over her Chem notes, but her eyes keep drooping and she figures if she knows it, she knows it, and if not, well, she's a senior anyway. She takes her pants off, gets into bed, and falls asleep.
Silence comes in and sits with them a while. The clock above the mantle tick-tocks and the wind blows leaves across the yard. Dean is warm beside him.
A text from an unsaved number. Oh? His heart pounds as he opens it.
“Um, morning, everyone,” He says. His shirt collar is too tight around his throat, the lights too bright. He soldiers on, “Um, the name's Dean. Uh, I was Castiel's boyfriend, for those who don't know. Um.” He catches Sam's eye in the crowd, who nods at him encouragingly. “I think Jo said it best that Castiel was weird, but we loved him anyway. I guess I'm weird, too. Maybe that's why we got along so well. We were planning on going to a sci-fi convention this summer, actually, but, well, I guess we didn't get around to it, huh? Um. Cas... Um. Geez, this is hard. He might've had shit lungs, but he had a strong backbone, y'know? He just... cared about everyone and wanted to see everyone treated fair. He was stubborn.”
"Hey Charlie," He says.
"Hey!" She swats him. He laughs.
Cas looks up, as if reading his mind. Thankfully, he doesn't say anything.
Ah, the trailer park. Before he can say anything about it, Sam bounces up to them with a dozen books in his arms.
Dean puts an arm around him and he tucks his around Dean's back. They stand like that for a while, staring at their mother's grave together.
And there it is, the crux of everything. The reason his stomach has been in knots all day, why he's had Jo do and redo his tie four times, why his heart is pounding in his ears: It's Dean he's going on a date with.
“You did the best you could,” Dean says, running his thumb back and forth along the seam of Castiel's pajama pants. “I mean, you told me a few months ago that you can't control what other people do. I hate to say it, Cas, but at the end of the day, the only one who could've saved Anna was Anna.”
"C'mooon, not even a hint?"
Dean looks up to the front of the room. Adra is kneeled in front of the casket, a moment of silent contemplation or perhaps prayer. He tries to move forward but his legs won't budge. He takes a deep breath.
"Oh? Good things I hope." He raises his eyebrows.
"Yes, sir."
Dean looks down, licking his lips, "So, um. Anyone else I should know about?"
“What happened?” Sam yells, “What the fuck happened?!”
Castiel pops his beer open with one hand.
The fountain is a couple heads taller than him, with a naked cherub on top pouring water into the base, although right now it is pouring a block of ice into a larger block of ice.
“Oh,” Dean grimaces, turning pink, “Yeah, uh, he died when me and Sam were kids.”
Castiel runs a hand through his hair, "I know. She wants me to wash my hands as much as I can to avoid getting sick again. My food, too."
"How bad is it, doc?" He asks, feigning worry.
"That one. I think Spock was only interested in Leila under the influence of those spores."
"Uh. Well – " Shit.
Good thing, too, since a couple minutes later John emerges, his hair mussed and his eyes bloodshot.
"What are you doing?" John asks.
His dad nods, satisfied.
He's jealous, though he won't admit it. He hasn't cried. Not when Dr. Marilyn came in to offer their condolences, not during all the meetings with Pastor Jim, not in digging through boxes and boxes of baby photos. Not once. It sucks.
“Sounds... loud.”
https://www.thetrevorproject.org/
“Okay. Okay. Shit. Alright, we're on our way.”
Dean kisses his chin, "Love you too, man."
He shifts from foot to foot.
“Hm?” Cas raises an eyebrow.
"Cool, looks good.” He raps his knuckles on the table, “Hey, do you mind if I use the shower?"
"Hello, Dean. One double-shot of espresso, please."
Dean... doesn't know what to say to that. “Um. How is Jess? How are you two?”
He looks down for another bite of his sandwich and finds the plate empty. Oh.
Anna's face softens. After a beat, she says, “I don't want you to be, though.”
Dean looks up and grins, "Hey, baby, welcome back."
“Um," Sam starts when they're at the mouth of the basement, "Bobby's tried to--?"
Sam was tempted to throw his beer at his brother. He didn't need Dean's snarky attitude on top of this mini-crisis occurring. "Fine, fine. I'll talk to him... jerk."
Sam stopped the drumming, linking his fingers together to refrain from continuing. "Did he tell you what happened?" The hunter narrowed his eyes. "I'll take that as a 'yes'." A long, tired sigh left Sam's lips. "Then you know why I didn't help him. An insult like that... it's enough to keep me away."
With that final threat, he was gone. The first visit, from his grace's pull, would be with Gabriel. He felt like Dean could wait just a few hours.
His words stung... of course they did. Dean had promised this would be helpful, even if Gabriel was really stubborn. And even if the hunter had been intoxicated- his words were coming from deep within his soul, Sam knew that.
Not a lot of information had been given. Dean suspected as much. Angels and demons working together most likely came with little trust, and it seemed as if the operation was currently being run by demons.
Though it was a direct insult to his younger brother, Dean didn't get angry at Castiel. He was right... if Gabriel did pray- which was sort of doubtful... what the hell was Sam doing to ignore a prayer like that?
A sigh came from the phone. "Gabriel, come back to the motel. And bring Sam with you." Then he hung up.
The guardian angel process was more complex than simply watching over someone. First, the person is informed they are going to be protected, and during that conversation, the angel's grace begins to seep into the person's soul. It's a very small amount of grace, so it doesn't affect the angel and the human's bond too much. So far, that was Dean and Castiel's bond. Sam's bond had somehow risen to the second part of becoming a guardian angel.
He arrived in Hell and immediately went to a chamber where damned souls were to be tortured. Sam demanded to have the room to himself and brought down all his wrath onto the unfortunate soul in front of him. It didn't help one bit when Sam learned the man's name was Chuck Shurley, who the archangel knew to be his soulmate's Gabriel's father.
"Good." Sam leaned back in his seat. Before he could start, Melony came over with their food and drinks. A hard glare was sent her way until she left them alone. "Now, I was in Hell when this situation took place..."
However, the demon tied to a chair in front of him didn't deserve such treatment. It had defied direct orders from Sam, and those were punishable by... well, punishment. Death, near death, demonic torture... all of those worked.
"If he did, Sam didn't show up. Obviously." Castiel swatted Dean's hand away, beginning to grow angry. "Some guardian angel Sam is-- isn't he supposed to prevent this shit from happening?"
It was an old cotton factory, abandoned years ago when technology replaced the need for workers. There was a heavy smell of rust and dust, and if Dean were human, it would bother him greatly.
Gabriel looked at his brother, who shook his head. "I do. But I'd like to speak with Sam privately for it." He ignored the clenched jaw Sam gave him. The archangel was all for protecting them and being polite a few minutes ago, what the hell happened? "Outside would be great." The keys to his car were placed on the table as Gabriel slid out of the booth. "I'll see you at the motel, bro."
"Ready to go, handsome?" Ryan asked with a wide grin, helping Gabriel down from his stool. The hunter was swaying a little, the final half-glass of whiskey moving to his limbs. "Easy, don't want to break the merchandise."
follow me."
"Alright," Gabriel smacked his hand on the table and let out a long sigh. "What the hell are we doing here? And why were you with Castiel last night?"
He looked down at the front, seeing his brother's name, then the large letters spelling out Stanford... but the word that hit him the most was:
Melony silently huffed and walked away. She had expected an answer from Sam, but nothing happened.
He slowly whipped his boys into shape, having Gabriel look after Castiel throughout the years. They would hunt monsters and save people. Gabriel told young Castiel when he discovered what their job was using the simplest words: "Saving people and hunting things, the family business".
The last time they had met, Gabriel was drunk off his ass. Sam held him back from walking straight into a trap with a demon, who he had snapped back to Hell as soon as it happened.
he was learning to accept is dead at his feet.
He wanted to stay for a few more minutes to grieve the loss of his friend, but he had to find Sam as soon as possible to warn him about what was coming.
good reason why I shouldn't douse you in holy oil and throw a match at you."
Ryan chuckled, tightening his grip around Gabriel's arm. "Mine would be perfect."
One of the most recent messages was from Dean.
The demons raised their eyebrows at the command, but obeyed. Since their boss had come back from Earth, he'd been... off. They all suspected it had something to do with the Novaks, his older brother, and/or the angels and demons roaming to kill the people he protected. (One of the best things they thought of this was the slight softness he showed to them. Unless he was pissed off.)
side, meaning Sam
No matter how hard he tried, no matter how much he didn't want the nightmares of that treacherous night to flash in his brain, no matter how much he wanted he wanted his baby brother to have a normal life-- the night his mother died loomed over what he wanted.
"I need your help- the hunting community needs as much help as possible." Meg answered simply. She pulled her phone from her pocket and showed him screenshots of news articles. "Cattle mutilations throughout the South, lots of crop--"
"Coffee, black, and the classic eggs benedict." Castiel pushed his menu to the front. He always ordered that at a diner.
Gabriel stared at the ground with a frown. "I don't... I never said that." Sam has never visited him either, just the occasional text telling him to not do anything stupid, or don't go wherever he was going. And by occasional... two texts.
"Wait." The shorter man sprinted to the other side of the bar and grabbed the bartender's attention by taking the poor man's shirt collar into his fists. "I need to know if there was ever a guy about my age in a black suit and trench coat here, maybe with someone else."
." The anger slowly faded when Dean put a hand on his shoulder. "But..." his voice had grown soft again, like he was never upset in the first place, and his eyes back to a calm hazel. "I've been asked to put my feelings of humanity aside, otherwise I'd be fighting a war that doesn't need to be fought."
A series of color profanities left Sam's lips, but not in a language Gabriel and Castiel could understand. "Maybe you should listen to the story before you make wild assumptions," Sam growled. His hazel eyes were slowly becoming a pale, glowing red. Dean smacked his younger brother's thigh, a silent demand to relax. The eyes returned to their normal color. "
There were two men waiting in front of a motel room. Gabriel looked at the man next to his brother, narrowing his eyes. Was this another 'angel'? His little brother gave him a look that said 'don't even think about saying anything', so the older Novak shut his mouth.
stop being a bitch around him, got it?" When the hunter didn't respond, Dean applied pressure to the place on his arm. "
Sam took the angel blade and twisted it around the demon's torso, right next to her vessel's heart. "
There was a sigh of relief from Castiel. "Thank God." He didn't see Sam's flinch, too focused on the fact his brother's almost-killer was dead. "Thank you, Sam. But..." there was more. "You wanted to ignore him, yet you helped him." He tilted his head, narrowing his eyes once more. "Why?"
The door was opened further, allowing the other hunter in. Meg's eyes widened when she met Sam's intimidating gaze, or at least it seemed like that to her. So, she remained standing and waited for an introduction.
to them. I-I didn't..."
"Two coffees, black with sugar and a side of creamer." Dean was ordering for him and Sam, because his younger brother remained silent when the waitress looked at him. "And that'll be all," he squinted at her nametag. "Melony."
There was three minutes of silence after Dean finished. The Novaks were processing the information, quite a lot of confusion about Gabriel's bond with Sam was their biggest reason. Then there was the fact two other stages took place, though no angel had ever gone that far.
Gabriel shook his head, dismissing the voices in his head. His whiskey eyes finally settled on Sam, who was watching him have a mental battle with his feelings. Ugh. "Thank... you..."
With that, Dean flew from the room. He needed to find his brother.
What happened? "You mean with me almost dying and him not being my knight in shining armor?"
"You mean to tell us... that you...
All he could do was push it down and try again.
answered his call for help on the case. "
"Um, what about the fourth and fifth stage?" Castiel asked with a head tilt. "Even though it's rare, I think Gabriel and I have a right to know about it." He ignored Sam's slight scowl and looked to Dean.
Gabriel was nursing a mezcalita, a margarita, but the tequila was substituted with mezcal. Deep down, he knew that he should be at the motel, going over what happened... but
Another punch interrupted a breathy laugh Gabriel had given. Several painful coughs replaced it... of course. '
Just like the man said, the ringtone set for his brother began to play. Gabriel widened his eyes, his glare falling to a shocked face. He reached for his phone, answering the call immediately. "Cassie? Are you okay?"
Gabriel sighed. He didn't want to talk about it. "Castiel. Be like Elsa- let it go." There had been some truth behind his words. Sam was a bother to him, the Devil as his guardian angel? God was laughing in his face again.
"Go," Dean interrupted sharply. He closed his eyes, waiting to hear the flap of his brother's wings before opening them again. They opened slowly, narrowing when the brunette angel met his eyes. "Lisa."
The brothers spent another hour and a half on the road, riding into the '
'Would it be wrong to punch a seriously injured person?' Castiel asked himself, watching Gabriel slowly make his way to one of the beds and wince as he made himself comfortable. As much as part of him screamed to punch his brother, Castiel decided against it. "You know, intoxicated people sometimes tell the truth." He put his index finger on his lips. "And accidents don't just happen accidentally, Gabriel."
"Because I know why Sam isn't answering his prayers," the archangel spat. The brothers flinched at his tone. It wasn't kind and worried like it was five minutes ago... Dean was clearly angry. "Sam wasn't too keen over the fact he'd be protecting a
(See the end of the chapter for
However, Castiel figured that Sam would snap more than inform. (And he noticed the hard flinch when Meg mentioned the word 'God') So, he cleared his throat, grabbing everyone's attention. "Sam... is an expert on demon activity. He's dealt with demons all throughout his life. It's better that he's with us."
What happened in 1983 will forever be embedded in Gabriel's brain.
The brothers relaxed when they opened the door. "Meg," Castiel greeted. He opened the door wider, letting his friend in. Megan "Meg" Masters was a family friend. She had helped Gabriel out a lot in hunts, and a little bit with the entire Novak family during their childhood. "Please, come in."
He gave up on school quite a bit ago. Ignoring learning, he would have a few flings on the side with his fellow peers, but his focus on school was never right. Gabriel hadn't learned properly since that day in '83... His focus was forced on hunting and taking care of Castiel.
As soon as Mr Livingston left, the fake FBI agents went to work. Meg and Castiel traveled to the barn while Gabriel and Sam walked over to where the cattle had been mutilated.
Of course, he knew this had to do with the bond him and Sam shared. It seemed like ever since their bond moved up to the next stage, there was a collar and leash around his neck. If he made the wrong decision or spoke incorrectly, he felt a tug and wouldn't function until he felt guilty enough.
Dean snapped his fingers so his archangel blade was in his hands once more. There was some guilt in his chest. Killing Lisa was one of the last things he wanted to do. She had been a good friend to him since the Beginning, but her betrayal broke him.
"You know, it'd really be better if Gabriel is here too," Dean commented immediately. In his eyes, his brother and the hunter seriously needed to talk... and in a public place, it would tone down colorful insults. "This is about him after all, isn't it?"
Sam didn't provide them with all the gory details, but it was enough for Castiel to push away his plate for a few minutes. Dean was also shocked, having known what such an instrument could do to a person, and the fact Sam went that far for someone he clearly disliked.
"The bar." Sam interrupted. "If not for me dealing with that demon, you would've been dead or possessed."
. "Where." His voice sounded calm on one end, but Sam kept the anger back so nothing burst around him.
This time, Sam scowled. "There's a gate to Hell near this location." His gaze switched from the farm then back to the cattle. Castiel and Meg were approaching them once more. "And they have some news for us. An envelope in a language they don't understand." When Gabriel tilted his head, about to ask how he knew that, Sam pointed at one of his ears. "I'm a celestial being. I can hear from a far distance."
Just like the night before, their place of seating was in a secluded corner, though it was not away from everyone else due to the time of day. Sam didn't look like someone you would know as 'the Devil', he looked normal. A cup of coffee in hand and looking through the newspaper. Unfortunately, his calm and collected demeanor fell when the other three reached the booth.
Before his older brother could protest, several knocks echoed through the motel room. Castiel shut his mouth and reached for his gun, gesturing Gabriel to move away from the door and grab his own.
"The barn, he's at the victim's barn." Dean opened his eyes again and watched Gabriel tighten his grip on the wheel. "I don't know anything else, but I have a feeling on whose got him..." There was anger behind his green eyes.
!' Gabriel frowned at the tiny voice in his head.
Though Sam's reasoning was clear, Castiel wanted to hear it straight from the horse's mouth. It was good, in a way, that his brother was asleep. There would certainly be verbal and maybe even physical violence if he was awake.
"I'd rather discuss this when Gabriel is here as well," Sam interrupted Dean's response in the making. Even though he had been the one to say it, Castiel could tell it wasn't his idea to bring Gabriel into the conversation. "It's late, you should get some sleep. You're going to want rest before this next discussion anyway."
." His grip on the beer bottle tightened, and tiny cracks started to appear.
Obviously not. "If I thought it was excessive, I wouldn't have done it." Sam looked down at Gabriel, frowning. "You still piss me off, Gabriel Novak. I didn't heal you or 'save' you because I knew you'd heal. If you were on the verge of death, I would've done otherwise." His expression became thoughtful, and a tiny glare developed with it. "I'm also waiting for an apology."
"Can you tell me any more about our bond?" Castiel set his coffee down and placed a fist under his chin. "I mean... is it really just you're here to protect me? That's all?"
That was his logic.
Merchandise? Gabriel snorted and laughed into the bartender's arm. "You're funny, Ryan. I-I am anything BUT merchandise!" An easily breakable hunter? Hilarious. "I-I gotta brother where I'm staying... is yours okay?"
"There's a diner across the street. It's within walking distance... how about we go there?" His suggestion made Gabriel's eyebrow quirk up. Had they eaten so close? Maybe that's why he didn't know. He could hear Dahlia's engine a mile away, it would have been better for Castiel to walk.
"Cassie, c'mon, I was drunk!" That would be the third time Gabriel told his little brother the blame was on the whiskey, and not on his conscience. "I didn't mean any of it. You could call it an accident."
Chuck Shurley was broken when he lost his wife. He had tried his damndest to save her, but the fire had been too great. Slowly after he lost her and their house, Chuck discovered a journal of his wife's. She was a hunter, and the supernatural one would see in movies was real.
So when a tall man came up to him at the bar to stop him from drinking too much, and Gabriel asked what he was, the man answered his guardian angel... the hunter had never laughed so hard in his life.
The first thing Dean did was call out Gabriel's name. His incensed tone of voice caused a beer glass next to where the hunter sat burst into shards. The bartender apologized to him, then made his way to the other side of the bar while cleaning up, looking to avoid Dean.
One of the demons next to his throne, a blonde by the name of Jessica, took the paper from his hands, scanning it. "There are many names here who have been waiting for weeks." She shrunk a little when Sam turned to give her a bitch-face. "We could always do it the way we did before you... came back."
. Of all the times these so-called 'guardian angels' swooped in to save them was a time where him and Castiel were fine on their own? Bullshit.
"You killed it," Dean corrected. "I heard what he said to you when I healed him, Sam." A scowl reached the younger brother's face. "Look, I get that he hurt you, but you can't--"
As soon as she left and the door was locked again, Gabriel slid his fingers out from Sam's and threw a book at Castiel. "Goddammit, Cas! What the hell?" He was flushed from his cheeks to his ears, both out of anger and embarrassment. "You couldn't..."
Sam didn't care. As a celestial being, he didn't need anything remotely connected to what his vessel would need on its own. Neither did any of the demons, of course. Though there were some who had been on Earth long enough to appreciate light and air conditioning. Ugh.
The hunter frowned, linking his fingers together behind the chair. "At least I wouldn't smell like shit then." He wrinkled his nose. "Who are you and why am I here?"
"You're guilty of... something." Sam rubbed his temple with one of his hands, sighing loudly. James Hennebree. He squinted down at the paper. "Oh. Human trafficking, murdering those who defied you... fun stuff." Sighing again, the paper dropped to his thigh. "Obviously guilty. Send him to a cell."
Sam pressed his lips into a thin line. "Why are you questioning me saving your life?" The hunter did not answer, still waiting for his question to be answered. This wasn't politics where a question is answered with another question. "You don't think you deserve to be saved, do you."
As a hunter, and someone who has mostly spent their life lying, Castiel felt like he should've seen all this coming. The first ten minutes- the
"You're leaving..." Gabriel's voice was almost brittle, but he couldn't break. He's never been able to, he wouldn't have himself do it. Castiel became interested in the floor. "When were you going to say something?"
The bar was stuffy and crowded. Despite it being a Wednesday night, AKA a work night, most of the town seemed to be in the bar. It was kind of annoying, but they weren't the
Adam tilted his head, almost going to protest, but noted the heavy annoyance and growing anger in his eyes. He nodded to the other angels, who flew back to Heaven. "Brother, will you—"
"So, let me get this straight," Castiel shut his mouth and allowed his brother to ask the first one. He hoped it wouldn't turn out to be incredibly offensive or rude. "Cassie and I are some special vessels of Heaven, who are actually you guys, but you don't want to be around us in that way. You're gonna 'protect' us instead?" Gabriel was very upset- no, he was
...' Each punch, each taunt, each second that passed- Gabriel did something he hadn't tried to do in weeks. '
"Castiel Novak." He then waved to his later date and hurried to the room they had been given. He would need a little isolation before anything with the 'date' started.
He had been here before, he knew that much. The faded merlot walls, the few scattered cattle who had flies for company... well, the bloody hay bales were new. And by process of elimination as to where he's been since they arrived in Brownwood. He was chained to a chair in Jacob Livingston's farm.
Dean tapped his finger against the table impatiently. Thirty minutes ago, he had texted Sam to meet him at the bar. Usually, his younger brother was quick to respond, being out of Hell and all. The amount of time that had passed was worrying...
The man smiled widely. "Ian." He then leaned back in his chair, going to write down the names of who was staying. "And you are...?"
Sam jabbed a thumb towards Gabriel. "Ask him, Dean," he grumbled in annoyance. He was too busy trying to pop his back, giving his wings a little freedom. "Can we just go inside." Despite the older Novak being the one he was supposed to protect, Sam already hated him. They just needed to explain their situation, then him and Dean would leave.
. "Do you understand what will happen if you and Castiel die?" The hunter shook his head. The last explanation had been vague. "It will be Revelations all over again. The end of time. The difference is Dean and I will not be fighting each other. Humanity will be our target, and will soon cease to exist."
do something like this.
The so-called case was taking place in a small town called 'Brownwood' in Texas. Castiel sat in the passenger seat, looking through articles involving the problems taking place in the town. He mostly read to himself, deciding to wait to inform his older brother about the case.
Castiel shrugged. "Would you rather have told the truth?" He glanced at Sam, who looked a little upset at the matter. "And you two know what that means right? Acting like a couple and
getting used to hanging around people- even if it's not you."
The next he did was smack Gabriel upside the head, enough to make the hunter's head pound. Dean was seething, lividness burning in his eyes.
was there, and he didn't want to face the archangel yet.
going to die, and Sam and I are
So far, the demon had endured multiple wounds from an angel blade, something that could harm both angels and demons. And healing wasn't much of an option for the damned either, not if Sam was around to prevent it.
"He means that in the best way possible," Sam suddenly said. The words sent a wave of shock through the hunter's emotions. They weren't used to the ruler of Hell acting like this, it was weird. Did it have to do with him and Gabriel's bond? "The fourth and fifth bonds activate when you two die. It's Dean and I's job to protect you two, and dying is not us protecting you."
"And why the hell would I need for FBI agents to figure out who killed my cattle?"
Heat rushed up to Castiel's ears and cheeks. "
Castiel and Dean watched their brothers leave the diner. The younger Novak was worried what his brother would say to Sam, and what the archangel would do in response. Dean was worried for Gabriel as well. His younger brother wasn't doing too well with his back and forth emotions...
' on the other end. Then there was a stabbing pain in his chest, right above where his heart would be.
There was a large intake of breath, but not from Sam. Dean gave his brother a sympathetic look, but it quickly turned to one of slight fear when he saw Sam's eyes burning red. Dammit, that comment should've been kept back.
"Let it--" Castiel huffed and threw the ice pack he had been holding at Gabriel, ignoring the cry of pain from his brother. He had hit him in the ribs... oops. "There's no brushing this off, Gabriel! Sam and Dean are here to protect us! Don't put your view of religion in front of this situation! You could've died if Sam hadn't been there to save your ass!"
Castiel knew his brother was an idiot, but this was becoming ridiculous. Where had these deep trust issues come from? Was it Sam being the biblical devil? Was it that before now, Gabriel had a clear mind on his ties to religious beliefs? Whatever it was... his older brother's issues were piling and nearly hitting one of their biggest 'supernatural' problems.
Another mental note had been taken. Castiel nodded slowly, accepting that answer for what it was. Sam seemed bipolar in his eyes, and knowing Gabriel... those two wouldn't mix too well together. "My apologies, I won't bring it up again." Dean also seemed to be the one who had prompted Sam into helping, which meant that the younger archangel hadn't been entirely keen on doing this. Great.
So, if Gabriel didn't want his help... he wasn't going to interfere.
Gabriel Novak is dead.
Uh oh...
turning up a notch."
Dean stood up from his place on the ground with a sigh. "Thank you for your cooperation." One of his hands reached for the inside of his jacket where his archangel blade rested.
Despite having grown up hunting with his dad and older brother, Castiel didn't like hunting as much as he probably should've. He focused more on the idea of going to school and learning, he would even beg Chuck to stay another few months so he could finish whatever grade he was in... and it never happened.
Gabriel disliked having bruised ribs. He could brush against the smallest thing and pain would shoot through his body. Castiel told him not to complain because the remaining pain was his own fault for saying those things.
Dean sighed, taking his own beer in his hands. "Sammy, you know I didn't mean it like that." Or maybe his brother didn't know he meant it that way. Centuries they have been apart, centuries when one experienced light and the other dark, centuries since they knew each other like the back of their hands... Dean no longer knew who his brother was. "I... I'm just- I'm trying to understand."
The archangel frowned. "I said nothing of the sort." His blade was out. "I said I'd keep you alive while you tell me everything. And you're done, correct?" Lisa turned his gaze to the ground, beginning to shake. "Goodbye, Lisa."
"Unless you do something stupid like your brother," Dean sighed and looked at the hunter. "Then our bond will remain this way. And, no offence to you... but it would be better for it too." Castiel tilted his head. "Look- angel grace is one thing, but archangel grace soaring through your veins... it's a celestial beacon for trouble."
?" Alex cried out in pain as he inched the blade further, pleading for him to stop through murmurs. "
It was stupid, really. After what Dean told him about Sam's grace situation, he should've learned by now to be careful with his wording. But Sam pissed him off and words were the alternative to breaking his fist when punching him (it happened before and Sam had refused to heal him for a week until Dean pushed him enough).
Before they could begin talking, the waitress waltzed over, eyeing Sam a little more than she should've. "What can I get you?" She wasn't asking everyone, just Sam.
"Okay, look. I don't care who the hell you two are," Gabriel started. Now Dean was annoyed, had the explanation meant nothing? "But... you're here to protect us, right? Douchebag angels and demon pricks on our ass- we don't even know how to fight angels." Both archangels frowned deeper. Castiel kicked his brother's ankle- he wasn't helping their case. "And since you're here to do that... we'll follow anything you need us to do... within certain limitations."
Sighing, Dean placed two fingers on Gabriel's forehead and closed his eyes. While the wounds healed, he caught wind of a memory that answered one of the biggest questions wandering around his mind.
Dean and Castiel stayed at the diner for a little longer after their brothers left. (For one thing, the hunter had a meal to finish) This was a moment for Castiel to ask questions that he didn't want to ask around Gabriel or Sam... but mostly Sam.
A few minutes ago, Gabriel asked the man, who's name was Ryan, when he got off work. Ryan had replied five minutes, and that was five minutes ago.
"Nope." Dean caught Gabriel's sleeve, pulling him back. "You
"I don't know!" Gabriel shouted, slamming his fist on the wheel. "He was supposed to have a 'date' with the front-desk kid who works at the motel. They were supposed to go to 'Crazy Lemon' at 5:00, and I
, pray. We're not going to save you from stupid shit, like getting drunk... which is what Sam did." He shot a glare to Gabriel, who scowled at the floor.
This so-called 'guardian angel' guy was several inches taller than him. But that never stopped Gabriel- not that he'd been with anyone that freakishly tall. This man in front of him was a tall glass of water... Gabriel could
Gabriel sighed and tossed his menu on top of Castiel's. "Hot chocolate with whipped cream and a short stack with strawberry syrup." He watched the waitress jot it down, continuously eyeing Sam. A surge of what he could only pinpoint as jealousy coursed through his veins... why?
(See the end of the chapter for
"B-Because you would lose valuable information o-on demon plans!" Lisa managed to get out. "Keep me alive and I'll tell you everything!"
work with that.
The blood was not visible on Sam's skin or clothing, but any monster, demon, or angel could smell it a mile away. He hadn't bothered to snap his fingers and remove the stench, it was a reminder as he passed by the demons in Hell. A reminder of who is in charge.
He used 'agree' and not 'like'. Gabriel was now confused, and slightly intrigued. "Okay... and 'saving' me meant killing multiple demons who wanted to? Or torturing them to near death to scare other demons?" He watched Sam's face morph into one of slight anger and his jaw clench. Touchy. "That seems a bit excessive, don't you think?"
The archangel almost let out a teasing comment, but the gears in his brain turned. What the hell was he doing? He felt... something he didn't quite understand. So, instead of replying, he's cheeks began to burn, then he disappeared.
"I-I don't see how it's possible, Dean." An uncomfortable amount of stress started to cloud over Sam's livid emotions. One of his eyes was beginning to twitch as well, showing Dean just how much this was affecting him. "I haven't been around him. Since this happened... since he said things about me and Heaven and--"
Dean smiled. "Charlie." He looked at the other angel, nodding. "Kevin." The smile on his lips faltered when he looked past the holy fire. "Give me the gist, as quick as possible, please."
"Yo! Demon boy!" Sam ground his teeth together at the nickname and refrained from punching Meg in the face. "Found a note that's in some weird language. Think you can read it?"
their case. "I'll be waiting in the lobby..."
"This place
There was a long intake of breath, it sounded shaky. "Very well..." Sam held back many words that could have followed and obeyed the hunter's wishes. He disappeared with a flap of his wings, leaving Gabriel on his own.
for their safety. You get
But then again... when does it ever end well?
The golden blade was thrown over the fire, landing in Lisa's chest before she could catch it. Her black(?) eyes lit up as did her mouth as she screamed. Her body fell back into the flames, slowly disintegrating into ashes.
Questions began to cloud over the reason why Dean was in the warehouse. When did Lisa begin to betray him? Why was she going against his orders? Did she ever truly mean she was there for him?
wanted, he told her: "Two beers from tap, surprise us." She left with a huff, telling the younger angel she was going to ask Dean for a good time. Not surprising. "Whatever you smell is from the demon who attacked Gabriel. She stepped out of line and harmed him, against my orders. A punishment was ensued."
The room smelled like shit. Now, it wasn't that it smelled awful- which it actually did- it specifically smelled like shit. Castiel was 99% sure he was covered in some of it too. He only vomited once.
"For his vessel, you sure are pathetic." The demon crouched down in front of the hunter, lifting his chin to stare at the half-lidded whiskey eyes. Gabriel closed his eyes for a moment, then brought up enough strength to spit blood between the demon's eyes. "You bitch!"
The blade pushed through the demon and dragged through her chest. Alex screamed, her eyes and mouth lighting up until she dropped dead.
Then he took a seat next to the hunter. "Drinking isn't going to solve your problem with my brother." A long sigh escaped his lips. "What part of '
Before the archangel lay a finger on Gabriel, he took note of the injuries... how much the cost of his grace was for healing him. Several ribs bruised, a few of them cracked, his nose was broken, more than half his blood had left his body... Dean was surprised that Gabriel wasn't dead.
Sam dropped to the floor, next to a still body on the ground. His hands were shaking, but they managed to rest without shaking on the body, right over the heart. There was no beat. There was no rising and falling chest. There was
A laugh, a deep and nearly amused laugh. "Good question, Castiel Novak." A shiver went down the hunter's spine, and definitely not the good kind. "See... I'm here on the behalf of many demons and angels who... well..." Another laugh, this time closer. Castiel was able to notice some features, a young man with fiery red hair-- "We want the apocalypse to happen. Angels versus demons, ya know?"
Tristen.
Dean arched a brow and sat forward. "What's going on?"
Castiel huffed, rolling his eyes. "We would probably have a case if you didn't spend your time trying to get into someone's pants."
Good thing is Gabriel is stubborn, that'll prove to be slightly useful... at least in ignoring Sam's terrifying demeanor when he's pissed off.
"Dammit, Cas..." Dean crouched down in front of the hunter, placing two fingers on his forehead. The cuts and bruises left on Castiel's body slowly faded, followed by the hunter waking up. "Oh thank... thank goodness."
he was learning to care about is now gone. What he was learning to accept...
." His brother sounded panicked and worried, a rare thing. "
It made Gabriel feel uneasy. If Sam picked up the phone in a matter of seconds and sounded a little worried on the line, something was wrong. Or maybe the archangel was turning over a new leaf, but the hunter doubted that.
Castiel hummed in agreement. Archangel problems, boy problems... there wasn't really a difference in this situation. "Meg, why are you here? Seeing a friendly face is nice and all, but now isn't the best time."
Every other hunt was the same before Sam and Dean arrived: Salt and burns, shapeshifters, wendigos, a woman in white, werewolves, vampires... the usual. The hunters were thankful for the lack of demonic problems and no sign of celestial beings, but it also left them feeling uneasy.
Meg crossed her arms. "We're dealing with demons, three people is enough, don't you think?" Sam snorted and rolled his eyes. "What's so funny, Green Giant? Just because you've got the body and height of a god doesn't mean shit. Three people is enough."
But what happened to their mother happened to Meg, and it broke Castiel completely. He made a promise to himself that he'd find the evil son of a bitch who killed her and kill it.
to flirt with Dean dropped their beers off then went to help the man.
Sam didn't look at Gabriel, his cold stare pointed at Ryan. "Did you really think you'd get away with this, Ryan?" He grabbed the bartender's chin, glaring down at him. Ryan tried to look away, but Sam's grip tightened in an almost bruising way, keeping the bartender still. "I'm not stupid. I may have been in a cage for several centuries, but that doesn't mean I don't recognize every demon on sight." He spat out the word demon in a voice full of hatred, as if it was an insult just to say.
Dean looked at his brother with a quizzical expression. Earlier, Sam told him that he wasn't going to say anything about the bond, but here he was- promising that he was going to protect Gabriel. It was out of character.
"Decisions, decisions... all of them wrong," Gabriel murmured to himself after tossing another fake FBI ID onto his bed. He was referring to the many IDs he had as well as what he had done after they arrived in Brownwood.
The smallest comment could make him snap. And with the bond they had, Dean wasn't so sure what would happen afterward.
continue."
Several cuts and bruises remained when Dean removed his hand from the hunter's body. He stood up and walked to the other side of the room while Gabriel woke up, taking in deep breaths to not freak out too badly.
The answer was, he wasn't. Castiel informed Gabriel that he was going to leave if he ever got accepted, not wanting to say goodbye to his family. But... there was a goodbye that took place, a hard and painful goodbye given to him by Chuck.
There wasn't much surprise when the letter from Stanford appeared on the motel room table.
"Now," Castiel straightened his body, looking between the angels with narrowed eyes. "Why are you here?"
This wasn't going to end well for anyone. Especially Gabriel.
It wasn't a question. Gabriel averted his gaze from Sam, providing the archangel with a silent reply. He would never admit it out loud, but sometimes the life he lived provided him with unnecessary baggage. "Answer my question, Sam." He paused at the harshness in his tone, then added: "Please" politely.
Thoughts swarmed the younger brother's mind about it all. He could only guess that Gabriel was already blaming Sam for this. It was a ridiculous thought. The archangels were on
"But we already know that," Gabriel said with a frown. "Has it gotten worse or something?"
... Dean leaned back in the booth, rubbing his chin as he thought about what to say. Of course, he shared those concerns with Castiel as well, but he knew Gabriel wouldn't be hurt like Castiel thought he would. "Don't worry about Sam physically hurting Gabriel, it's impossible. Verbally, however... that can happen. But knowing the stage they're on, neither of them can really start a heavy argument without feeling like shit afterward."
Well, then there was Adam. The third archangel, and the youngest. Despite his questioning about why there wasn't going to be a fight with Sam, he stuck with Dean. He didn't want to be on his bad side, and that meant staying in Heaven.
Dean arched a brow. "Your grace is reacting to him?" Sam nodded. "Already?" Another nod. "Shit... that was fast."
...' His eyes closed, and he dropped to the floor.
The throne was blood-free when he slumped against it. His grace was quite useful in times as such, his followers wouldn't quite listen to him if he was covered in blood, they would stumble over their words which made working difficult.
Castiel sighed loudly, nearly slamming his computer shut when he closed it. They needed a case, and everything newsworthy seemed humane. Nothing was out of the ordinary... it was all natural.
"No." Gabriel stepped away, leaning on a nearby wall to keep himself straight. "Go back Hell and find someone else to bother."
No matter what.
"Anyway..." Dean cleared his throat, slicing the tense silence to pieces. "Do you two have any questions? If not, I need to go up to Heaven to have a little chat with everyone... and Sam might need to head back downstairs."
bad to be in.
"Wakey, wakey, little Cassie!" Gabriel shouted, making Castiel groan. He hadn't said that phrase for several years. It had been a way to wake up his little brother for school during their childhood. "I'm hungry, so hurry up and get dressed, we gotta get on the road soon too."
The room was much too quiet for Dean's liking. Ever since he had told the angels about his truce with Sam, they had been off on their own. There were a few that stayed back, but mostly because it was their job to protect humans' Heavens and make sure everything was going right.
going to fight." Gabriel rolled his whiskey eyes and looked away. "I'm serious, Gabriel. The reason we didn't tell you is because it ain't gonna happen. We're trying to protect you and Cas, and that would be giving you two a reason to ignore me and Sam, do crazy shit, then get yourself killed."
It wasn't until Gabriel had to find Castiel that they were able to see each other. He was happy to see his little brother, even under the circumstances of their missing father. And... Castiel had really settled. A girl named Meg was proud to be Castiel's girlfriend. And the younger Novak, multiple times, said that he'd go back to her after helping Gabriel with
The hunter rolled her eyes, bouncing on her toes as she stared at Castiel, not even replying to Gabriel's comment. "Who shit in his cheerios?" He did not answer, instead watched his brother enter the bathroom, catching the uneasiness in his expression. "Ugh, never mind. Don't tell me about his boy problems."
Gabriel's mouth parted. "Castiel and I dying isn't news, Sam. You and Dean performing genocide. That is." Anger boiled through his veins. "Why the fuck didn't you tell us this?"
Gabriel raised his hand, making the older archangel sigh and gesture for him to speak. "I'm sorry- Sam's grace is in my soul? And it's like that because he killed demons who tried to kill
Ah, there it was. Castiel wasn't expecting his brother to be so polite, and he had ignored the expression he wore when Meg came in. His fuse must be shortening again. Perfect.
"Okay. Sam, stop." He did. "Gabriel is a dick, okay? As much as I say you should forget what he said, you probably can't." Dean took a swig of his drink, trying to put his thought process together in the right words. "Instead of
Three glasses of whiskey and Gabriel was buzzed. He could make out everything that was happening around him, but his mind was beginning to slow.'Well, that didn't matter to him. What did matter, or who mattered in this case, was the cute blonde man in front of him.
