The trip in the cab seemed aeons ago.
What the heart is full of…
“John,” he said, softly, almost speaking into the blond strands streaked with just the hints of grey. “John, you were right, we need sleep.”
Did it matter that Sherlock evidently hadn’t been aware he’d been doing it? That was possible, too, but then again, so much of what Sherlock did was without his own knowledge or at least a knowledge of what the consequences of his actions would be and how people’s reactions would be, too. The latter of which was the most egregious one because the lack of knowledge was more often than not deliberate.
“What did Mycroft really want, then? Because I don’t believe for a moment that giving an admittedly very sweet and thoughtful gift would be important enough for him to do. Not in person.”
Oddly enough, it didn’t seem to have been caked blood – which was something of a relief, as it would’ve been worrying to have enough blood there to cake
“I don’t have a problem with it!”
No, not just possible, either. He wouldn’t look that openly hurt and vulnerable if it were only a possibility. Then he would go straight to pragmatic to prevent that ever coming close to fruition. To be this concerned, and to show that he was this concerned, meant that he believed it to be a certainty.
“Things can happen fast.”
“You’re exhausted, Sherlock, aside from everything else, and to be honest, so am I.” He stepped closer to the still sitting consulting detective, who in turn pulled him closer still by his hips. Another good sign.
Saying it out loud strangely helped, even if just a little.
He just hoped that what they’d done would be enough.
So, why, with all that in mind, would Moriarty go for twins instead of either just one or, if multiples, three, if this was just a shot in the dark to creep John out or manipulate him into thinking he knew more than he did? How likely was it that he’d get it right in light of that?
No, that was enough! Enough!
“Pardon me if I don’t really think you’ll be the one taking the morning nappy. Two will have to do for the moment.”
“With the soft, warm colours, the unicorn on the wall and the toys all around? The lack of stands, brown wood and not a horsehair wig in sight? Whatever gave you that impression?” One eyebrow was raised but a smile tugged at the corners of the mouth.
“I’m not, that’s true, and I’m not saying that I know better than midwives do or that there can’t be problems. I’m not that stupid or that arrogant. At least, I don’t think I am. I’m saying that I have some medical knowledge, I did pay attention to the doctors we saw while I was admitted to hospital, and that what I felt was more peculiar than it was painful.”
Welcome to Talking: The Fanfic. Fuck's sake, I'm so sorry, I did mean to get this to move along and instead...I've promised to finish this and so I will, but it's...I don't want to disappoint you, either, so it's tempting to, to give up.
John did stop at that, his eyebrows raised as he waited for a reason. “Why not?”
“I’ve
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted, not afraid to do so. It was John, after all. “It’s only a theory, and it needs testing, verification, but it seems the most plausible, given the circumstances.”
This time, his brain worked somewhat faster than before, and he didn’t end up standing there staring for long enough to worry John, or so he thought.
He felt a touch on his hip, sliding upwards over his bare stomach. It was soft and ought to have been hard to feel, if not be ticklish. Instead, the palm touching his skin felt reassuring and, when it pressed a little more firmly, rather grounding.
No matter. They would deal with all of them in due time and sort them out properly. Together. Regardless of how many of them there would be at that time.
That got the blond to look back at him fully, disbelief, interest, and amusement twinkling in his eyes. “You what? Not really?”
Settling into 221B Baker Street took a little more than an admittedly excellent shag and a bit of talking.
And he’d been adamant about it, too, right up until the point where he’d decided to back out and cancel, and he had then been as adamant if not more so about it. What was to say that he wouldn’t swivel right back around and then the day was suddenly past and he’d missed his chance?
Though he’d done research on it – dragons were hardly going to conduct full-scale, aha, research with documentation into themselves, in case someone slipped up and said documentation leaked – he still didn’t quite know how his dragon appendages could push through any clothes he happened to be wearing without there needing to be specially designed cuts in the clothing.
“I’m here,” John replied, his voice as reassuring as he could possibly make it.
Cleaned up and brought up to him, by Ben and another guy who’d left them about half a year later, that scent had only gotten stronger. Some people called it the ‘smell of baby’ but that wasn’t quite right. It was connected to that but not the same thing.
How, he had no idea; in front of the black-painted door stood the calmest, yet simultaneously one of the most dishevelled scarecrows you’d ever seen. His hair resembled the nest of a stork while his dressing gown hung off one shoulder, the sleeve pooling around the bend of the elbow, which was in turn cupped by a bony hand while the other elbow leaned against the doorframe almost nonchalantly. Almost, but not quite.
What was not quite as expected, though perhaps it ought to have been, was that he kept walking until he was about a foot or so behind John. He shouldn’t have been able to tell but he could. Why could he do that?
, an inner voice grinned, not entirely pleasantly.
Whatever the case, however, it didn’t alter the fact that John wasn’t Moriarty’s nor would he ever be. He wasn’t Sherlock’s, either, of course, not in the sense that most Alphas understood.
John’s eyes focused on it immediately, thus robbing Sherlock of his moment to speak.
“Bloody absurd,” he managed to say while still laughing.
Then he looked at the other and twigged.
Does it have to be?
“Why not?”
“Well, then, best get you inside, then, hadn’t we?”
Looking down at her with as kind an expression as he could, which was surprisingly easy for him, he told her that he was the father of those babies inside her mother’s stomach.
That didn’t mean he couldn’t do anything at all, of course, or that he had to follow a strict schedule from now on. He was going to show earlier, obviously – to be honest, he already was showing, wasn’t he? – and be more burdened by having two children growing in his womb rather than one, but ordinarily, he’d be able to retain a relatively normal life.
What he saw made his heart swell.
It felt as though an age passed before Mycroft returned to the flat, made worse by Sherlock’s stillness, interspersed with moments of possible-but-not-at-all-sure movements and other frustratingly close not-quite-indicators that fizzled out into nothingness if they were ever really there at all. When he looked at the light filtering through the gap where the curtains didn’t quite shut, he’d estimate that he’d been gone an hour, two on the outside.
He wasn’t there.
He got no answer, which worried him a little. More than a little, if he was honest.
“Not that much has happened in the intervening time.”
“Where
Yes, so you promised the one you wed your life, too, but there was a reason divorces were almost as much of the norm as getting married itself these days. This didn’t sound like that at all.
It was becoming one of the Alpha’s favourite smiles in a whole roster of categorised smiles from the former soldier.
“You bloody well leave her out of it,” John growled. “As though sniping at each other and generally verbally squabbling like a pair of seven-year-olds is any better. Or looking down your long nose at everyone who wasn’t gifted with your massive brains. Now, if you want to feel so fucking superior, bloody well use that brain for something helpful.
This was the man, after all, who had dared to invade his home. Take advantage of his absence and try to infect his territory, with his person and his scent and his horrible attempts at unsettling John through various means, not to mention threatening him outright.
“If I wasn’t, I’d be hanging up on you, Mycroft,” John said, shortly. “But I have been through far too fucking much in too short a time, having had to come to terms with some pretty major stuff, and I cannot deal with more right now. Not before I have a proper chance at some sleep, some tea and a good breakfast.”
That was wrong. John shouldn’t look like that.
“It is,” he said, insistent, looking into the pale eyes blown wide. “If you’re back here with us, truly back, then it’s okay.”
That – that unquestionably happened. Even groggy as he was, there was no doubt that the wing moved and not as a mere result of it being shifted by something or someone else.
You are all incredibly kind and sweet with your comments and support and I cannot thank you enough.
This was something entirely different, though.
“You try it on with every female that comes into your orbit that you find even remotely attractive almost immediately.”
That took
There was no answer.
No, wait. Hold on. That wasn’t right. It wasn’t in tatters. It was, he moved closer to see, in what appeared to be two parts. Moving closer still into a crouch, John making a small, suppressed noise that Sherlock didn’t notice, he picked up the garment to examine it closer.
Of course, it wasn’t a given that he would still have anything to do with it. That what they’d found or been given could be things that meant he’d had an association with, with Tessa but no longer did or even just the organisation itself, which they knew. It didn’t have to mean that he was still an active part.
“This…wasn’t something acquired by any of my employees. It was found in amongst the dross of papers that find its way to my PA’s desk and delivered directly to me. Where it comes from, nobody knows, and neither can anyone tell me who has brought it.” The note of repressed annoyance was evident. “It is being investigated as we speak.”
Both their voices had risen during the argument, going up into the range of shouting. Even so, a voice managed to cut through their cacophony.
He bowed, with as much flourish as he could provide, keeping his head up as he did so. Beside him, he saw, out of the corner of his eye, John bow as well, a little more awkwardly, but willingly following Sherlock’s lead.
What was going on? Was this some sort of payback for the game they’d played the day before? But that had been Sherlock’s idea as much as his.
“Oh, of course. You’re who they meant…I’m sorry, Doctor, I should’ve realised, but…it’s been a long day. I was about to clock off, actually, but I’ll wait outside until my replacement gets here, if you’d like.” There was a hesitation there, odd because it came at the wrong place.
“Taking the Alpha of the couple rather than the Beta, I mean,” the Omega said. “Not that it might not be the fact that it’s the wife and not the husband. Seeing as she was the one who stayed home when their – the child was ill even though he works from home, she’s obviously very invested in the child.”
The words, though important, he’d never deny that because he knew they were and felt that they were, also felt easy and natural to say. Yes, they hadn’t known each other that long, technically. Yes, they shouldn’t be bonded already, probably, and yes, there were a lot of things unknown and unsaid, things to negotiate and reconsider.
Instead of dwelling on that, more than he already had, that was, he said, “I wasn’t aware that my action of…taking the watch meant that I’d initialised any courtship.”
That said...I've had a bit of a...not a burn-out, but burn, trying to get on top of everything, including fic, and...yeah, just a heads up.
“You’ll be working with me, when you can, so don’t worry,” he said. “If you want to, of course.”
“Human?”
“Are we going, then?” he asked.
Not that he believed they’d done a bad job, because he knew with certainty that they’d done an excellent one, on all fronts.
“No, I’m not surprised.”
“You’re an Alpha, love,” John answered, equally quietly after a moment or two had passed. “What I wouldn’t consider important might register differently to you, simply because of your secondary gender.”
It was mostly the last sentence, the last point, that clinched it for the doctor. Well, insofar as the promise to tell the truth could be itself a lie.
No, not odd. Uncomfortable. Yes, it made sense that he would be more at ease if he’d slept for thirty-six or even forty-eight hours but was that enough to explain it? Was there something else at play here, something that explained it far better? He certainly had the distinct feeling that however well he slept, this was too strong to be explained by that.
Sherlock left Mycroft’s office around fifteen minutes later, feeling…well, he didn’t know, to be honest. Happy? Accomplished? Worried? Terror-stricken? Optimistic? All of them?
John hadn’t realised he’d sunken into deep thought and had begun to rub at the small curve that was his belly over his shirt while he thought. Not until his hand was stopped by a larger hand suddenly being in the way.
Right now, though, apart from the eyes and the smile, Sherlock was otherwise motionless.
“John…” he whispered.
Instead, he did what was most crucial in this environment; he dove or perhaps even outright dropped, down to grab hold of Tessa.
“Sherlock…”
The brunet drew in a breath that was shaky but determined at the same time, as though he’d come to decision then and there. “No. I can’t…that’s
“Do not. Antagonise me. Right now. Sherlock.” The words were very carefully enunciated. Then he took a deep, seemingly very careful breath, one that sounded somewhat like the intaking whoosh of air just before a roar of fire burst through.
Her head cocked again, her bottom lip pushing forward in contemplation and puzzlement and her little forehead drawing together.
“Oh? What is it, then?” So what if his still raspy voice was just a little bit snippy? By his standards, it was rather mild.
To that end, he took it back out, put it in its paper bag, its expensive-looking paper bag, then put it in the messenger bag. The ears still poked out, but it was at least somewhat better protected than it had been, which was the main thing.
body and
Never mind that the greatest threat to John right now was still very much Sherlock himself. Even though he had got himself under control, there was no saying that had lasted, and –
The pupils narrowed into slits again, but it was only for a moment, thankfully. Then they widened back up into what they’d been before and then wider still, as though in dawning realisation of what John had said.
“John, I know you’re angry – and you have every right to be. I’ve lied, yes, and kept things from you – “he saw John open his mouth, presumably to continue the list of libels – “and many more things, too. I’m not trying to get you to forgive me for all of those things at once. Or even ever.”
Had he shot himself in the foot with that? There was significance to what John had collected, and Sherlock had thought he’d appreciate it, but would he? Had it instead been too much? The proverbial straw?
He mentioned being sorry twice, with the further modifiers of first ‘so’, which sent it a bit beyond the standard apology, and, now that he knew John better, sounded like something he’d say with genuine remorse, further enforced by the second time and its modifier.
She didn’t know. Nobody did.
It's morning. Morning on the day they're going off to bring Tessa back home at last.
“You’re welcome.”
“But, he’s the one who works from home, which allows him to pick her up from school as early as possible, and it’s a bit…there’s something of one-upping each other with affection, isn’t there?”
To be as valid and as worthy of consideration as anyone else, as his own person.
“No…” It was said with a touch of…something, the Omega couldn’t quite identify it. “Could you turn your head a little to the side and down…love?”
“Merry Christmas.”
“Why? I mean, we weren’t supposed to move out of the harem, how interesting could it possibly be for her to know where the phone was within the same building?”
“I’m really, really sorry,” he said as he did so, sounding sincerely apologetic and remorseful. “I honestly didn’t…I’m sorry. I’ll explain it all later, I promise.”
“Oi, freak!” someone shouted from the door of the dorm room, someone familiar and onerous. “Lights were out fifteen minutes ago, you’re keeping everyone awake.”
And that was only provided it would be useless or off the mark. Sherlock didn’t want to admit it but something like his inner John reminded him that whatever else Mycroft was, he was clever, too, and as observant as Sherlock.
The more proper news rarely reported on such news, unless it concerned the royal family. They did, however, sometimes run stories on studies on the subject, which were almost guaranteed to be slanted towards the benefits of being pregnant, especially with more than one child.
As he said it, Sherlock began to realise, with an unexpected amount of growing horror, just how true that was. Of course, he’d always known that in some way but…to have it brought home like this, and in how many different aspects it was true, was…
Baiting him would, hopefully, make him get to the point rather than try to be clever.
“They wouldn’t take matters into their own hands, would they? To stop being lonely, as it were?”
John had just smiled and leaned lightly against the brunet’s side, feeling worryingly content for the moment, a knowing smile from the old woman only just visible of the rim of her teacup.
As they left the plane, a hand came to rest on the small of John’s back, rubbing gently, and it most certainly wasn’t his hand.
Would he make it up? In his own mind, shielded from any and all prying eyes other than his own, why would he make something like that up? It wasn’t to have a replica of the SIG-Sauer in his Mind Palace, that was for sure. What would be the point?
“Can keep the dragon in check, you mean?” John asked, and his smile sliced through Sherlock’s heart even as it warmed it, not helped by what he said next. “Yes. Precisely.”
That he’d believed the same for the removal of the bone dust, he firmly pushed to the back of his mind.
This new line of thought as to what might be an at least not insignificant part of what was afflicting Sherlock brought another thought along with it; why had the attempt at claiming not worked?
They pulled apart eventually, though.
Oh. No, he hadn’t, had he? He might have thought them, when he’d allowed himself to dwell on it, which was for his own sanity in the face of bouts of frustration, relatively rarely. But he most definitely hadn’t voiced them. An asexual consulting genius and a not-quite-as-heterosexual-as-he-claimed doctor who ran towards at least a good few British stereotypes? No, that wasn’t exactly the sort of thing that came up between them.
“What on earth would I be plotting?” Sherlock tried to look innocent but then ruined it himself by sniffing. “I wouldn’t be plotting with him, in any case. Not even for a ten of a case.”
Well, almost like that. Her gaze did rest longer on one person, and that person was neither Moriarty nor the little girl.
Then John shook his head and Sherlock’s heart went…honestly, it went sideways, not knowing how he was supposed to feel about that or how he felt about that, either, other than the distinct feeling it wasn’t right.
However, he kept hold of the hand in his own the whole time, making sure that he had him right here. That he wasn’t going away.
“I do,” John said, and his voice was quiet but tight, as though it had taken effort to get it out but was a relief once it was. “I do.”
If Sherlock expected to have John look even just the tiniest bit smug at the fact that he was the one who got to explain something, something not medicine or social skill related at all, to Sherlock and the consulting detective wasn’t merely humouring him but truly didn’t know it, then…
There was a pause, one that was just a little bit more charged than Sherlock had expected it to be.
They ate mostly in silence but one bolstered by renewed optimism and a feeling of hope.
“But your…other friends, they’re – “Sherlock began to protest.
“I was supposed to be back by now.”
“That wasn’t what I said at all, if you’d listen for five seconds instead of letting your own bleeding prejudices and bone-headedness pave the way for your thinking – “
What felt like an excruciatingly long time passed during which nothing seemed to happen, apart from the mirage-like image of the dragon fluctuating in solidity. Then suddenly, in one swift movement, with a pained, but repressed noise akin to the screech of a barn owl mixed with the rumble of earth moving, he turned his hand around and pressed the box into John’s still outstretched one, closing his hand around it for just a fraction of a second before he yanked his hand back.
Tessa had, in his, hopefully momentary, mental absence, turned back to look at John. The anguish and confusion was written plain on her face.
“Of course, I do. I think about her every single day. What she felt like holding, how much I still love her. How old she’ll be now, how she’ll look. If she’s even alive.”
“A few years, yeah, and I got the impression that it wasn’t the first time they’d been here, either. Thing moved around quite a bit, especially when it started up.”
The watch needed to be found before that happened; the flat could hardly stand much more dragon rage.
“You see what I don’t.”
He’d somehow – the weight of the man, for lack of a better descriptor, had increased significantly with the addition of the dragon appendages, thank god he was light to begin with – managed to manoeuvre him from the coffee table over to lie on his side on the sofa, much like he normally did when he was sulking. It was the only way to get him horizontal, with the wings as an obstacle, without having to worry about his breathing.
It wasn’t helped by the fact that he had been shut away from the world for so long and the explanation for why that was the case…to say that it wouldn’t make things easier was an understatement.
John.
It had come true. All of it. Everything that he had hoped but hadn’t dared believe would come true had in fact become reality.
“If it wasn’t Moriarty or his thug of an Alpha lackey, then who was it?” John asked after a moment of silence had passed.
“I possibly should’ve said something about it earlier,” he continued, all the while aware that he was talking on borrowed time, that each word could be the last, “but…I suppose I was afraid. You’d probably laugh at me if you could understand me. But it doesn’t matter. I just…wanted you to know, before…well, before you eat me.” No point beating around the bush about that, was there?
“Nothing to thank me for. Now, shall we?”
He took a breath and wet his lips, nervous about what he was saying, but looking into John’s eyes, how they had gradually lit up as he’d spoken, that bolstered him and made his heart warm all at the same time.
He could hardly wriggle out of it, either, not when he’d specifically got help to pick something that he could carry. Well, of course, technically speaking, he could do that, but though he’d been more or less outside society for a number of years at this point, he was fairly sure that it still was very much bad manners to do that sort of thing.
It might not be ideal, but it was workable and that was the main thing. Ideal was something that belonged to castles in the air.
“It’s very kind-hearted of you to continue to look after them like that,” Mycroft said.
Lips pressed against his forehead, at the small knot that was the frown he hadn’t realised he wore, and arms drew him back into their hold.
What could he possibly – oh!
He paused, thinking. “Yeah, that might…I think that might just…”
“Yes. And of course, the abject fear mixed in with the warmth is quite the indicator that instincts aren’t the influence. Or the only one, at least.”
He hadn’t been tall or imposing, even though he had seemed to be an Alpha. Quite the opposite, in fact, though there was perhaps a side of model to him, despite the height, and yet there had been something about him, the man said, which made him quite unnerving. That gave the impression that if you upset him in any way, sorry was the least of your problems.
No, not the skull, come to think of it. He’d grown to like the skull.
“Well wh- oh. Yeah, obviously
“I’m sorry, that was – that was fucking thoughtless and horrible of me. As if you aren’t aware of all that already, you don’t need me to – “
So, some of the research he’d been doing in the time he’d been awake hadn’t been on Ruby and her condition, whether there was any precedent on such a small scent output as his Omega’s or if it could be triggered by a traumatic event. It had instead been on how you best took care of your Omega and how to curb and control instincts in a series of different situations.
‘What, and you expect me to entertain you?’
But he was changing that! Or he would, starting with this proposal. He’d show John that he was just as invested in this relationship as the doctor was and wanted to make it…make it into old age with him. That he wouldn’t grow tired of him and could be thoughtful, too. Take the wheel, to stay within Mycroft’s surprisingly colourful idiom, of the relationship.
The only thing he did know for certain was that he would have to be a whole lot more careful, with John and with his reactions to him, if he was to get through the practice and performance of the song without embarrassing himself completely.
But then, he’d been focused on getting to the clinic and what that appointment might bring, for good or ill. In any case, they hadn’t been out much between Baker Street and the clinic, Sherlock managing to hail a cab almost instantly.
“You obviously knew him before…before we met,” John argued back, “and you’ve enough of a history for you to have clear and deep disdain for him, which I can hardly see you develop for someone just because you’ve met them.  Not to that extent. Especially not one who seems as clever as you and can give Mycroft the run-around. But he was pleased to see you, I think – and come to think of it, he could smell you when I met him earlier. On me, I mean. The scent bond, presumably. All of which points to a stronger connection and interest in you than in me.”
No! Dammit, no! Not that! It was no use remembering snippets like that!
“Can I –?” He gently touched the brunet’s back to indicate what he meant.
Still nothing. What else could it be? There had to be something, something he could do, and fast. Though he didn’t know what time scale they were working on, being frustratingly, completely in the dark about the anatomy and dangers to dragons, he’d had the distinct impression that even if time weren’t of the essence, as such, it wasn’t something they could afford to just leave it be.
flat, and it stopped him dead on the landing. Of course, to a degree it was always possible to detect somebody else through their scent. That was one of the defining characteristics of adult human beings, after all; outside of Rut and Heat, they were still detectable if you cared to scent for them.
“About time, too, I’d say, but then, with how long the two of you spent dancing around each other, it’s probably a wonder it hasn’t taken longer than this to go from starting a relationship, excuse me, a romantic relationship, to proposing. I had money on it coinciding with the first hospital visit that would be down to age rather than you managing to get the poor doctor into trouble through some hare-brained scheme or case or whatever.”
As he’d done before while they’d lived together. Every time, in fact, he’d looked to John.
. I signed the contract, I knew what happened.”
The Omega jerked at the unexpected praise and his head snapped up to look at his bond mate.
Sherlock opened his mouth, presumably to argue about the doctor’s safety or something similar or perhaps just to point out that he could fake it pretty well if he wanted to, but John held up a hand to forestall any comment.
“Love or hate. You don’t breed middle ground, Sherlock. Well, okay, there’s like and dislike but it’s still strong either one or the other. That’s not the kind of personality you entice people with, and yet, I still love you, and I’d say I know you well enough to know that you would be in control of it.”
“Is it?”
The pupils had momentarily also turned to slits before returning to their previous roundness. That he only registered they had now he found puzzling. But that wasn’t the issue that needed dealing with right now.
He took a deep breath, grabbed his violin and moved to the side of the stairs that led to the stage, to be ready to go on.
John grinned. “Right, then. Best be off, hadn’t I?”
Oh, not that he was going to leave actual breadcrumbs…though come to think of it, he might in fact put down physical breadcrumbs, either to play or because there was some other caveat or twist to it that would benefit him, if only through entertainment value.
“Sorry, what was that?” he asked.
John looked at him for a moment, contemplating, eyebrows knitted.
“You have lessons after this?” They hadn’t, as it had been purposefully placed at the end of the school day for that reason.
Against the things pressing into him, less visible and immediately threatening but seemingly no less capable of and willing to mess with his mind, it was both a comfort and an unexpected anchor.
So many, in fact, that John had more than once worried that he was trying to overcompensate to make sure he got it right. That they needed to talk about, but that time wasn’t now.
“It was impossible to get the coat off,” Sherlock finished for him. He rose back up onto his feet in one long, graceful movement that belied his exhaustion.
It wasn’t made easier when John’s smile grew further, and time seemed to stand still for a moment.
Internally, he vowed that if there was, he would pay as much as was feasible for him back to Sherlock for the clothes.
He wasn’t quite expecting the slow glide of pale eyes across his body in a way that could only really be described as appreciative and lingering. His morning wood appreciated it in turn, twitching in its confines.
Mycroft returned from his quest for items, somewhat loaded down with them, the large pair of scissors clear among them. He passed those onto John without a word after having deposited the rest on the bed that wasn’t occupied by the lanky body.
“No, they’re not,” he confirmed.
Every day I’m with you confirms the choice I made then,” he said softly across the skin, keeping eye contact.
For a moment, he had no idea who said it or even where it had come from. Then he thought it might’ve come from someone down on the street but that wasn’t the case.
A feeling of regret, of thinking he had made the worst possible mistake he ever possibly could’ve made in his life, flared inside of Sherlock at that. Just as quickly as it had grown, however, it died back down.
Reluctant to break it, Sherlock still opened his mouth to say something…when the bell rang, still audible from where they were.
John wanted to say that, but he knew there was no real point. Sherlock didn’t take note of such things…even if he had actually remembered details about the episode…
“I was…I’m going to get a job, don’t worry,” he said, keeping his gaze averted.
to actually turn a little to look over his shoulder and give John the most insolent little smile.
“I honestly don’t. It’s a perfectly understandable worry to have in the circumstances.”
“His privilege as an uncle, eh?” John asked, the smallest of smiles on his lips.
“Ah.” That was widowing, possibly through murder, though, not divorcing, but they’d split enough hairs as it was.
“Sherlock? Can you hear me?”
“I do not…” he began then paused. Before he made any claims, he had better make sure. Absolutely sure, that was. They could ill afford to be wrong on this. Not even a little bit, in fact.
This was large enough to get the job done and that was it. That in turn meant that it was feasible for him to carry it comfortably. Moreover, with a bit of careful positioning, the jacket he’d gotten ought to be just about able to reach down past it.
would I do that?”
Sherlock paused, thinking. Was that why he had taken the watch? He would’ve said so but at the same time, that didn’t feel quite right.
A small stroke of luck was that he didn’t also have to wrestle with Tessa at any point, though her stillness caused a different surge of anxiety and fear to rush through him.
Of course, it could be argued that people were also something of an insubstantial thing to collect as well, unless you were physically holding them down or otherwise restraining them within your lair. You could do that, once you’d successfully claimed them, as evidenced by Moriarty’s control over the snipers, but to have that as your primary hoard, living, breathing things that needed care and attention to continue to function…it took a special kind of mind to not go absolutely round the bend doing that.
“You’re the one who’s nervous.”
But…nobody touched him. Not apart from his family, and they were supposed to touch you, weren’t they? Obligated to. John wasn’t.
“So? What is the significance?” Even as he said it, the possible explanation hit John. “Shit. No.”
“However, that isn’t to say it’s something that I ought to be worried about.”
A jolt shot through the blond beside Sherlock and as the consulting detective watched, the soldier mask fell and behind it, the doctor rose to take over. Not the caregiver, not the Omega. The doctor.
Still hold onto him.
Sherlock blew out a breath and stared straight ahead of him. He could do this. All he had to do was just to tell the truth and not stop until he was finished. Right.
This, though…this just didn’t seem his scene. Too sparse, too bright, too…designed to soothe and, most importantly, impress.
haven’t.”
That was all, however. He had no personal attachment to this woman, though he did feel more than a twinge of sympathy, sorrow, understanding, and regret for her as he looked at her. At her poor body, twisted around on the ground where she had fallen, the halo nest of her hair obscuring what little that would otherwise have been visible of her face as it faced upwards.
Interestingly, John didn’t pull them towards his own bedroom. That would’ve made sense, as that was his territory and his alone, even if it was also an example of Sherlock’s tendency towards disregard of personal space.
Sherlock’s brow creased deeply at that, not comprehending. “Why would I prefer that?” he asked.
“Never mind,” he said. “It’s not important. Just a stray thought.”
At another time when there weren’t other quite larger priorities.
Despite the teasing tone, John evidently thought about it. “Honestly? No. Not because I don’t want them to know, mind. I just don’t want anyone to ruin this moment for me in any way.”
Wait, what? How did anyone in that social group have the power to spook Sherlock like that? He didn’t give a flying fuck about the politics of gender, primary or secondary, and he gave even less of one about pure politics.
Still, his inner soldier as well as the doctor inside was not best pleased to find that the Alpha opened the drawer that held the hodgepodge of kitchen utensils you have no idea where to put them properly so you end up stuffing them all into the same drawer, spikes, grates and knife edges sticking up every which way. It made for a dangerous dip for the unwary.
No, but I think you might if you thought that was what was supposed to happen, or you were afraid that I’d rethink this relationship because it wasn’t going fast enough. Something like that, you might end up with the idea that you ought to propose.”
The former soldier looked up with a slight glare. “Well, tough luck, sunshine, because I
“Hello, Johnnie boy,” Moriarty said, low but cheerful, his attention fully on the Omega. “Long time no see. Did you miss me?”
There were things to sort.
“Plain English, Sherlock, it’ll do fine in the situation. But thanks, that’s…well, that’s good to know.” It was a bit flattering, really, to know that he could make Sherlock Holmes come over all flushed through some pretty simple and common dirty words, even if it might just as well be because he wasn’t used to such words.
Yeah, okay, so he could see why it might look like something if all around it was nothing but a void, with a possible exception of some bitching about his sister. But at the same time, given that Sherlock would’ve been able to deduce quite a bit about him on his own, by the way his ear was bent or whatever, and could add to it with the information off the service records, there shouldn’t be a void.
“You’re not saying you knew the music already?” John asked, disbelief in his tone of voice.
He nodded towards the front window of the car, where the shape of London City Airport was finally somewhat visible in the mess of other buildings.
‘That sounds perfectly fine. – SH’
Had he tried to ignore it? After he’d found out, he meant.
“Of course, it matters!”
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue but then closed it again. That was a point, much as he…well, it wasn’t even that he didn’t like to admit it so much as he…hadn’t realised it himself and therefore hadn’t been quite ready to see it.
There was a reason the harem had kept a strict policy on what kind of items were allowed, especially in the rooms that were meant to accommodate the…purpose of the harem, as it were. A murder in a harem was a situation that nobody, not even the residents, wanted.
Even though he’d been about to say that he was, he wasn’t fine. Not actually, when he took the time to consider instead of just ploughing on to get things done. He wanted to do right by Ruby, make sure that she was okay, of course he did, and her condition broke his heart. But on the other hand, if he was dead on his feet, he’d be no good to her, or to his children.
It actually made John feel a bit better about the whole situation, even though it probably shouldn’t.
As far as he knew, the elder Holmes wasn’t joining them for this, for all that he had helped them.
“Why do you keep touching me?”
Sherlock and John both have worries and insecurities about themselves and their relationship. Prompted by Sherlock's research into Alpha behaviour, they end up talking about some of them, trying to reassure and help each other through it, as friends and bond mates.
“Sherlock?” he asked again.
Then he…quite honestly, he zoned out a little, as his hand found, quite subconsciously, the top of the teddy’s head again and began to stroke it.
His stomach turned.
John blinked. “I…that was not what I was expecting you to say.”
He should be capable of dealing with this arse on his own, though.
That would just be the tin-lid, wouldn’t it? The dragon breaking through just as the mob, or whoever else it might be, made it through the other side. Almost bloody Hammer Horror.
She wouldn’t do it on purpose, that was true, and she wasn’t as dotty as she liked to give the impression of, either. But that didn’t alter the fact that she did sometimes, especially when she was excited in terms of their relationship, which she was a very staunch supporter of, let something slip.
I just...I don't...fucking hell, guys, your feedback on the last chapter, both in amount and in quality, was just...I don't even have words for it, except a humongous THANK YOU to all of you! ❤️❤️❤️
“No? You don’t think so? Did you realise, then, the exact reason you fell unconscious in the first place? Because it wasn’t just you who were feeling exhausted or anything. It wasn’t he ruddy bullets that did it. Well, technically, it was, but that was…well, Moriarty had meddled further than that.”
John raised his head back up at that, regarded the brunet for a long moment, then said, still quietly, “Even if he claims I was begging him to take me?”
“I’m sorry if I…I didn’t mean it that way.”
Did it mean that Sherlock would be able, let alone ready, to deal with the fury if and when it came? Probably not or at least not as much as he ought to be, considering. He would deal with it, though, one way or another. If that was what John needed, that was what he would do.
It was quiet, so quiet that he only really heard it because the rest of the room was so eerily devoid of noise. He certainly couldn’t say it was because of his high vigilance. Not when he had missed so much of what had happened around him. When he had to all intents and purposes frozen in place and especially not when his mind was in such a state as it was,
When combined with the black eye and the split lip, however, not to mention the minute tremble of the hands as they gripped the side of the thick oak door – which was entirely intact, as was the lock and the sides – as well as the already reddening marks of fingers around the throat, barely visible over a collar that had deliberately been pulled high to hide things, it told a much more complete, and very worrying, story.
Then, honestly, without being melodramatic, the gun, the real or mental one, was the better option. That way, they would at least only lose one of them.
Come to think of it, would this work if Sherlock had already given it back to him? It couldn’t mean that part of the courtship had already been taken care of as that would, or should have at least, negated a good portion of the issue they were facing in terms of becoming…well, married. That was the only word for it.
Mycroft nodded curtly at that and left the room.
Then again, they did have a somewhat antagonistic relationship, to say the least, and John had been living with him for a bit now. Perhaps he was just more familiar with Sherlock’s senses and instincts at this point.
You could see Sherlock actively fighting with a body that desperately wanted to do what it was told. “And what if Mm…Moriarty suddenly shows up?”
Thank you again to all the kind people who have left feedback on this and in particular the comments.
“I…I don’t know how I’ll behave, when you grow bigger and my instincts rise in tandem,” he confessed, “which every study I’ve found claims is inevitable. I cannot guarantee I’ll be in control, then, and I…I’m afraid of what will happen.”
Even with the bond, for lack of a better word, that had grown between them in the tribulation of all this, John wasn’t used to this more…open Mycroft. The willingness to admit to such a thing at all, let alone without the defensiveness or explanation was honestly touching, and it didn’t really matter that it was a relatively small confession. To have it with no strings attached, as it were, was something significant in and of itself for the minor civil servant.
To find John, of course, and get him out of the hands of that grubby, little –
“For many of the same reasons I want to be your friend, Sherlock, all of them to do with you. That doesn’t mean I don’t want to be your friend and if that’s all you want us to be, then that’s fine. More than fine. I just…I promised myself that after all this was done, if we pulled it off, I’d grow a pair and…well, kiss you. Didn’t think it’d be sitting here like this, me with a massive shiner that hurts every time I talk and you with tearstains down your cheeks, but…”
John assisted as best he could, lowering his shoulders to help it slide off easier, his body otherwise completely still. That was apart from his eyes, which kept darting around as they tried to assess the danger, tried to work out how best to counter it.
He wouldn’t be stupid enough to try and lay his hands on something his boss wanted, Sherlock was sure, but they might find it in them to…share.
He paused, as though he was waiting for Sherlock to stop him, or possibly correct him. The younger Holmes said nothing, however, so he continued.
“You haven’t answered the question.”
The moment he finished, however, another piece hovered in front of him, so close it almost brought orange goop into his nose.
The taller boy raised both an eyebrow and the corner of his lip. “What else do you think they teach us here? Bread and butter to us, innit?”
Was that a good sign or a bad one? He honestly had no idea.
His train of thought, such as it were, was halted or, more accurately, was jerked to a stop and thankfully also a focus as the foundations shook again.
(See the end of the chapter for
He ignored that thought, though he knew it would bob back up sooner or later. After all, everything bloody well did, didn’t it?
Apart from the phone and all that entailed, not to mention the bank, there were other practicalities to deal with. He needed to set up a set of regular appointments with the clinic they’d picked, for one, and for another, there was a more planned schedule for the remainder of his pregnancy.
Sherlock had already gone through just why that was nothing but wishful thinking from the partner scorned and so could drop the thought as he would a suggestion from Anderson.
“That wasn’t all, though.”
Of course, there were other madmen running around the world, doing their level best to screw things up and spread chaos in one form or another, and France probably wasn’t behind in that regard, even if the madmen weren’t all very interesting when it came down to it. More unhinged than anything, and often not clever at all.
Nevertheless, the puzzlement made Sherlock frown, uncertain.
That thought sent a jolt of…pure
“Moriarty,” he said, his voice completely calm, perhaps even cordial, the acid in his throat kept entirely contained.
He pushed back against it, employing the strength that he was receiving through John as well as his own sheer willpower. The energy rippled and shook but held. He pushed harder, then harder again, fuelling it with all the anger and guilt and terror he’d felt since he’d resurfaced, until the energy, with the odd sound of a sheet of metal being shook, burst and allowed him through.
No, he wasn’t that either.
Sherlock felt his throat constrict, his eyes widen and something harsh and acidic bubble in the pit of his stomach, preparing to be spit out in a defensive attack. He forced it down, though, knowing that it was fuelled by hurt and how painfully accurate John had managed to be.
At first, it seemed odd. Then John reached a hand down, under the bed and to the side. He dug around a little and came up with…
“What for?”
He recognised the attempt to run away from what he didn’t want to consider. What was in fact the attempt within an attempt, using Moriarty to avoid thinking about what was going on in front of him.
“Because I believe in you. I trust you, not despite everything that’s happened but because you’re you and what else we’ve been through. Because I don’t want to see you scared of being near me while at the same time not being able to stand not having me near. Because it would give you confirmation that you are not a slave to your dragon side.”
“You can use your dragon nature, too.”
No cliffhanger this time. Surprise.
The Alpha opened his mouth, presumably to argue the point further, then stopped. His eyebrows drew together for a moment, then smoothed out again into what John would describe as a grateful expression.
Not that Sherlock would let him, or anyone else, see just how much this affected him. Because it…did, didn’t it?
The last of the vest open at last, after what felt like hours but was no more than minutes at most, he began to push it off, ignoring the tiny part of his mind that as always delighted in touching John. Not wasn’t the time, regardless of whether he would ever get the opportunity again.
The likelihood of there being a favourable outcome to such a revelation was zero, he knew that, and as he’d had no desire to leave 221b or have Sherlock pull away from him, he had no reason to.
John had ended up sitting on the windowsill, his ankles still gripped by Sherlock but as the man had moved closer, it would almost, to an outsider, look as though the blond was about to slip his legs around the waist of the other.
“Implying that I have legal custody over you or some similar nonsense?” the Alpha shot back. Then his face softened as did his voice. “I don’t, John. You know that.”
It pushed the feeling of intimacy up a notch or two, but it was a different kind of intimacy than something carnal. To be honest, it was a bit of a balm after their arguments and bickering. Not that this was alone in being that, of course, but as they kept reopening the wounds, so to speak, it was good to be able to apply some balm to it more regularly.
That in turn allowed ‘John’ to pull him away, moments before the jaws of the dragon snapped closed around him. Instead, they closed around empty air.
He, on the other hand, was almost dead certain that he was carrying only the one; he’d acted as impromptu midwife on the occasions when a resident of harem had fallen pregnant despite their best prevention efforts – even intentional abortions carried a great risk to unbonded Omegas, and to some degree Betas, too, and while they could be carried out without risk, they had to be done in the proper facilities, outside the harem, so that was out of the question – for whatever reason, and of course the ones that had arrived pregnant.
“Yes, because if he hadn’t, we’d have either been liable to get shot at again or found out by whoever arrived first, the nosy neighbourhood residents or the police. Do you fancy either of them finding your brother like this? Furthermore, it keeps getting lighter outside, which means the chance of getting him out of here without somebody noticing is getting progressively slimmer.”
Shifting his weight more over to his right side and moving his right arm so he could keep himself propped up on that, he let the fingers on his left hand trail down the expanse of chest that really had no business being that muscled on such a bony body. Meanwhile, he trailed his lips and teeth down the length of the neck, just letting them lightly graze across the skin.
“Of course,” the ginger said, without saying anything else. Sherlock gave his hand another squeeze, still staying silent.
“Please, listen, and listen very carefully. I have made a mistake and there is no guarantee that this will work, either. However, it is the solution that is the most plausible to work, if not the only solution there is.”
The fingers digging in suddenly had some very sharp nails on them, and John knew that well-maintained nails was part of the ‘professional’ look his friend strived to achieve. Which didn’t include anything approaching claw-like conditions.
“I promise I won’t touch you.”
“What did he want?”
With that, though, he closed the distance between them for a kiss. It was brief but it was turning out to be an excellent way of communicating. Not that Sherlock wanted it to be purely that,
Something clicked for John at that, something that made him stare in disbelief at his bond mate.
Couldn’t Sherlock have stuck with Mycroft, though? The sibling sniping was at least only metaphorical.
of more or less, usually less, talented outpouring, but in the middle of the latter part.
(See the end of the chapter for
It still took a little while to get rid of that feeling, even knowing that, and by the time he did, they had left the town behind.
“Of course not. If I did them by half, you’d only be carrying one baby, wouldn’t you?” He had the cheek to look smug about it as he moved his hand over the concealed bump.
“Sherlock?”
“As if you’re one to talk.” Again, the way it was said completely ruined it.
‘I suppose that’s true. Don’t think I’ve got it in me to be in a band, though, not professionally.’
One part of his mind was still doing its job and informed him that for all the pride and smugness, a Moriarty denied of something he was expecting to have was almost as dangerous as a bored Moriarty.
He wouldn’t have been fine about a desire to claim him, though.
The look of sheer disbelieving bafflement on Sherlock’s face, along with the words themselves, folded John’s anger in on itself and made him feel somewhat stupid in the process, or at least unreasonable. The accusation had nothing to do with Sherlock and everything to do with John and his knee-jerk reaction based in prejudice and bad experiences.
Should he wake Sherlock? No, he didn’t know what time it was. Though it felt like he had, they might not have actually been sleeping for very long and after the ordeal they’d had, he not just deserved some proper kip, he
Then again, Sherlock had been happy to walk around in nothing himself and for John to do the same, draping him in his blue dressing gown when he’d seen the Omega shiver.
Almost as though called by his ramshackle and more or less panicked thoughts, there was another gunshot.
Still, he didn’t have to care, and it was hardly something that was going to benefit him if he did, so there’d be little point in pushing his views onto Sherlock.
He stopped, something occurring to him about that sentence. “You weren’t actually going to at all.”
“It’s stupid. I know it’s stupid. To get emotional about it, about them
When he asked for an email address, however, John hesitated. The only one he could remember, for a given value of remember, was the one he’d sent the email to Sherlock through, to ask for his help in getting them out of the harem. That had been on the phone that he’d gotten through the aforementioned Alpha, the information put in there therefore compromised, including the email address itself.
He didn’t question if Sherlock knew whether they were headed the right way, as he knew the Alpha had checked several times.
“If you don’t trust yourself, feel that you can be trusted, then we won’t even get to the point where I will feel like a chore.”
“And that is why we’ll do this together! You have your genetic knowledge, as it were, and I have my medical expertise.”
If they had suspected anything, he wouldn’t be sitting here today.
So long as she didn’t glance in his direction again or otherwise draw attention to him, then –
In that vein, he had gone and purchased another watch for his flatmate, in a style that didn’t smack of unnecessary expenditure but would fit and appeal to John. He had yet to give it to him, though.
“Yes, of course
He leaned down to get a kiss, removing his finger just before their lips met.
Mycroft’s mouth twisted and his fingers drummed on the carved handle of the ever-present umbrella, displaying a quite uncharacteristic amount of annoyance and impatience. Not that he wasn’t necessarily feeling either or both of those at other times, but it wasn’t normally this…easily visible, as it were. Which probably showed just how fed up he was at this point.
“I…she’s not…”
"Right. Lead the way, then.”
I'm sorry this has taken me a month to get out. I shall endeavour to be quicker with the next chapters.
, properly, even if they hadn’t gone any further than that. Now really wasn’t the time for it, though, and not just because they were,
“Nothing because you won’t.”
Honestly, John couldn’t have said whether that made it better or worse. Possibly both, really.
In a way, it was almost funny. Especially in hindsight, seeing how John had called him a machine earlier because of his lack of care about another human being, and here he was, desperately trying to care for one human being, to protect him at all costs and to not lose him and his companionship.
“Well, that was a thing,” he muttered under his breath. He then went up to his mate, slipping his hand into his almost automatically.
Sherlock didn’t look convinced but nevertheless, he took the phone from John’s hand and pressed the button.
That John smiled more broadly at that but more warmly, too, was simultaneously a help and no help at all.
“Priorities, John,” he hissed. His injuries could wait.
Part of the reason he focused on that was also that he didn’t know how he ought to respond to her reaction. What the right answer to it was.
No, of course not!
Not like that, at any rate. She should…she shouldn’t be taken away and have it hidden from her completely, of course, that wasn’t…that didn’t solve the matter. At most, it made it easier for the adult to deal with in the situation, and that had preciously little weight in the grand scheme of things.
“But you don’t approve.”
Well, you didn’t have to do it this way, then, but I’m glad you did. Ecstatic, in fact.”
“Something to that effect, yeah. What – oh, you mean that if you’ve felt that strong a need to claim me, which you obviously have, what with…” he waved a hand to encapsulate them, “and all, then it would be odd not to feel that when you were that close to me. Kissing me and all. You seemed to have a fondness for my…my throat.”
“I believe, or rather Mycroft believes and, even with my limited and recent knowledge about dragons, I would agree with him.
He didn’t get a text back, neither the next morning nor the following few days. A deeply childishly petty part of him wanted to crow at being proved right but it was an infinitesimal part of him, comparatively speaking.
Once was more than enough for him, thank you very much.
“…what?” Either he’d been out and hadn’t heard all of what had been said or it was one mighty non-sequitur.
Hang on, John, I’m coming. I’ve got it now, completely, so you don’t have to worry.
Having your history laid out like that was still not exactly pleasant. It did help, however, in a somewhat strange way, knowing that there was no malice behind the baring of such things, no hidden agenda for why he did it. It was just Sherlock being Sherlock, and it was a mild version of that, to boot.
And it was Sherlock’s handwriting, too. The blond had lived with him for too long not to recognise it as his and nobody else’s.
Somehow, he managed to shuffle even closer, Sherlock’s long legs automatically moving further aside to accommodate John’s movement. It ought to feel odd, really, to sit like that, close, the two of them, especially with the blond’s hands still resting against his cheeks and no indication that he was about to remove them. In a way, it did, too, but mostly, it just felt…right. As it had before.
It would be reasonable to expect him to shout or scream or otherwise have an outburst when uttering the words. It certainly wouldn’t be unreasonable, given the frustration and anguish etched to the point of bleeding into that sentence.
“Any instance of being isolated, to a greater or a lesser extent, such as a harem or a tour, will mean you lose touch with things to at least some degree. Most people manage it just by existing within the bubbles of their humdrum normal life, too caught up in that minutia to lift their heads and take notice of their surroundings.”
“Just because I’ve had little patience for the relationships of others in the past doesn’t entail that I am averse to a relationship for myself now or to the concept of physical intimacy when it comes to my own relationship.”
That snapped the doctor’s gaze back up, a flare of anger overtaking the embarrassment to a degree. “You are not stopping me from that. I won’t be your keep-at-home Omega, Sherlock.”
“I know,” he said, in a quiet voice that bordered on small. He could mess things up perfectly well on his own. “I know that, and I should’ve thought before that came out of my mouth in the first place. Please go on, I’ll shut up.”
Interestingly, though, Sherlock managed to note as he opened eyes which he hadn’t realised he’d closed...he hadn’t had any thoughts of possessiveness during the kiss or after, either. Nor, he checked, was the dragon otherwise rising back up to the surface, threatening to take control.
And he really did need to focus on the task ahead of them rather than let himself get side-tracked mentally by things that he could do nothing about, at that moment.
His throat closed on him, wedging a lump in and trapping the words in his throat while at the same time, his vision blurred because of excess moisture. Two tears, fat and unromantic, escaped, rolling down a cheek each. Then another fell, and another, slowly but unerringly.
Duffy grabbed him by the shoulder, not hard, just enough to prevent him from turning. “That’s not the point, Sherlock. If something’s happened to him, we need to find out what and help him.” He paused. “You didn’t have a row, did you?”
“For thinking about my daughter enough for that to happen.”
They kept chatting on an on-and-off basis, dependent on what else they had to do, through the weekend, so that when Monday rolled around, it felt like a natural extension to be meeting up after school to practise.
“And you’re avoiding the point.”
So…why was he struggling to answer the question?
It of course also meant that he was not just bracketing the hips but effectively most of the body beneath him, which lay spread out and ready for his perusal. His mum had always told him that you didn’t look at things with your fingers but right now, he most certainly was going to.
“Well…” John began after a few moments of silence then trailed off, seemingly unsure of how to continue. The brunet knew how he felt.
John’s jaw worked for a moment. “Sherlock, could you…please just drop it. I didn’t mean for you to sleep propped up against the bed, I just wanted some way for us both to sleep comfortably, without my bloody instincts waking me up in the middle of the night and thumping the hell out of you because you’re inadvertently triggering something.”
Sherlock was about to open his mouth, or possibly scoop her up and make the decision for her, just to spare her, when she did something he wasn’t expecting.
“But I haven’t actually
“John,” repeated Ruby, bringing his attention back on her. “It’s…okay.” Her voice was still weak, but she sounded determined.
Or possibly a long-lost child.
But on the other hand, he couldn’t not do this. It was a contradiction, to say the least, but it was nevertheless true.
like that, which really was the important point.
“Oh, I wasn’t flattering you,” he said. “Not in the slightest. Why would I ever do that? I was sincerely thanking you for what you have done.”
He couldn’t help the warmth the sentiment generated, though. It said something sweet about John that even though it didn’t matter to Sherlock, it did to him.
The dragon’s question would’ve been a demand, and at least possibly a slightly impressive or effective one at that, had it not been for the thread of…not quite whine but perhaps…fear?
“I think I just might, yes. I’m not going to be stupid, that’s not what I’m saying.”
Now, John could say that he at least meant the gesture and that he genuinely respected the man. What was more, he thought he might actually have seen the man rather than the Alpha or even the institution in the form of the government.
For a moment, Sherlock looked as though he was going to argue but it melted away almost immediately.
Instead, she looked at John. It was only half a second each time, barely long enough for anyone to register and yet, it was poignant for all of that. It certainly wasn’t a coincidence.
Up and up and up it went, Mycroft keeping the fabric taut as he moved with it, crabbing along the side of the bed, which eased the process. John had to pause at the small of the back to make sure he went underneath the strap or whatever it was. Then he continued, intent only on making sure it cut straight and true, until he reached the collar of it.
She was four, though, and could hardly be expected to make that kind of considered, important decision, at least without messing it up one way or the other.
They laid him on his back when they made it into Sherlock’s bedroom. John wasn’t entirely happy with that at first, but he checked to make sure that he could breathe and wasn’t putting pressure on any wounds. There didn’t seem to be.
Their trip home in the cab was quiet, mostly because John, true to Sherlock’s predictions of tiredness, had fallen asleep about ten minutes after they’d gotten into the car.
For a long moment, they sat there, caught in the moment and suspended in the joy and happiness of the situation.
“It wasn’t random or even because I think we ought to hold the wedding reception in this sort of a – “
But that wasn’t his expression. Not even close.
“Well, it makes sense, I suppose.”
Soon enough, though, he willed himself to push forward and to actually speed up as best he could. Whatever awaited him, he would go there and find out. He wouldn’t retreat into his mind forever and if he could – but that was just it, wasn’t it? How could he ever hope to convince John, he’d asked himself, and the answer had been staring him in the face.
John didn’t look as though he was exactly struggling under the strain or anything like that but that wasn’t necessarily any indicator.
He wouldn’t allow them to harm John. Ever.
“Right, okay. So, it was more this mate claiming, then?”
He was conflating what his upbringing as an Omega had taught him and what his instincts were actually telling him, chalking those that told him to be ready to fight up to coming exclusively from the developed instincts of his military training, which wasn’t true. Nor was it a product of him being pregnant, either, his instincts telling him to protect his offspring by any means possible.
Rather, the fact that Sherlock had taken it in the first place was…
Now was not the time for doubts, however right or wrong they might be. John needed him, depended on him right now, to get this right and get them all out of here, safely, and he wasn’t going to fail that.
Though the voice was inside his own mind, it sounded remarkably like it was actually coming from John. Sherlock found himself inadvertently smiling.
He pressed his nose into her hair for a moment, hoping that he wasn’t overstepping somewhere, and tried to focus.
He was going to say more but was interrupted.
He sounded decisive and confident on the surface, but John thought he detected just the slight hint of trying to convince himself.
“A what? What's that got to do with anything?”
He continued by saying that John should take care of him, but the Alpha should take care of John, too. This was a region with a lot of…lonely couples and it could be…well, it was something to be mindful of, in any case. Just, word to the wise man and all that.
So did the hand touching his, which it really didn’t have to, strictly speaking.
Was this…had the experience with the Alpha coming into the flat uninvited like that scared Sherlock more than he’d let on? It must have, because otherwise, this was a rather odd development, to have installed them now rather than when John…when they came home that first time.
“I’ve got it perfectly under control,” he snapped, “and I don’t see the problem, in any case. You’ve been doing it for years.”
of the tenseness, pushing it out at least somewhat.
“But I
He did still have a scent, of course, faint as it was, but to the average nose, before he’d bonded with Sherlock, it’d been as good as non-existent. It still wasn’t strong or easily smelled, but it had risen enough that it could be detected at close range, as evidenced earlier by Miles.
He bit into the toast, noted vaguely that he’d burnt it and yet it was somehow soggy, and promptly sat about wolfing it down. Eating wasn’t a priority, for him, and what it happened to taste like was completely irrelevant.
After all, when had he had something good, something that was his, that he didn’t ruin?
“Because you’re far from boring, at least for now. But then, very few things aren’t boring for long.”
He stopped at the expression on the doctor’s face; John looked just ever so slightly triumphant, of all things, which didn’t make any sense at all.
“Why did you never name her?” he asked, pitching his voice low and quiet to mitigate the directness of the question.
In any case, his mind was soon focused on something else entirely as John finally managed to pull what he had been struggling to get out of his pocket out into the open.
So, what he did say was that he had been into a shop to order it and that it would be arrive on 24
The touch turned into a slap, not hard enough to hurt beyond the initial impact and a residual stinging, but enough to get his attention. Again.
Well, perhaps just a little bit. He’d hoped, at least in some small, romantic and undoubtedly silly part of his mind and his heart, that it would be a case of them both recognising the other’s scent the moment they smelled it and then that would’ve been that.
They met at the same place as they’d gone the first time, since although it wasn’t the best place for music, it was nicely secluded.
He didn’t get very far, even with the stride of his long legs, before there was a shout behind him, which made a few people turn in their direction, and a hand closed around his upper arm, the fingers digging in and the strength of the grip enough to stop him, lest he wanted to trip.
“You tensed up when she mentioned the number of appointments,” he began to explain, “you were shifting slightly while we sat in the waiting room, uncomfortable at the understated to enhance the money. That, together with the fact that you’ve refrained from eating very much so as not to take what isn’t yours and that you’ve not as much as mentioned going shopping for new clothes, a phone or anything else…” he trailed off when he took a proper look at his partner.
John took a deep breath to calm himself and tried not to think of how much time he had wasted. There was no knowing how much time he’d had at any point, after all, given Sherlock’s either sleeping like a prey animal or the deepest hibernating bear, with little in between.
A sort of aide memoire. Of course, he knew there was a risk it wouldn’t make much if any sense to him when he woke up, however long later that would be, but it couldn’t hurt to have another way to jog his memory when he wasn’t blessed with a Mind Cottage, let alone a Mind Palace.
John, feeling something do something strange in his chest, both unpleasant and decidedly pleasant, had then leaned up and placed a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek.
“Might be – wait, no, hold up. Not going there right now. This has already been far too much to take in for one day, night, period, whatever. I’m not going to ask about dragon reproduction because I think that might actually make my head explode.”
“…Yes.”
“I have, until seeing the bill of the performance this evening,” he said instead, “not been aware of John’s existence. Mummy didn’t tell me you would be performing with someone else tonight, and you scrupulously keep us as much in the dark about your life here as possible.”
mind, and it’s not okay.”
“I’m…I didn’t…I’m sorry.” Honestly, what else could he say? He had assumed that and had barged ahead with the assumption rather than actually listen. “What did you mean, then?”
But an update, which was to be the main thing. Especially seeing as I'm...teetering on something. I'm trying not to hit burn-out but...sorry, probably tmi.
The shop clerk had assured him that it could handle pretty much anything a knife could be needed for, and John would, even though he was far from any sort of expert, whatever Sherlock thought, have to agree the point. It would serve whatever function he would need it for.
The first time they were scheduled to meet the students from the state school, Sherlock got a bit of a shock.
Which reminded him that although most of the harem owners weren’t the most formidable foes, there was a reason they’d remained undetected for this long, or at least, undisturbed.
Do it wrong and they would all pay the price.
At some point, without his conscious knowledge, he’d put his knee up on the bed for better support, since his range of movement was limited. This wasn’t a problem, except that it had shifted the weight on the bed slightly and, so he believed, had also caused the tail to slide until a good deal of it was draped across his gastrocnemius and soleus muscles. Entirely accidentally, nothing more than mere gravity.
Another small hitch of breath and, he could feel the heat of it as it moved, a twitch of Sherlock’s erection.
Ah. Yeah, of course. The healing factor of dragons. Probably some other doctor than John, a more academically minded one or one with a particularly strong sense of needing to save the world, would’ve been eager to learn more about that.
“So, it wouldn’t have mattered how I had reacted?”
Some might question why he hadn’t chosen something simpler or at least saved such a significant, perfect ring for the wedding ring rather than the generally less important, less permanent engagement ring. But provided that it all went well – of course it would go well, why did he have to keep adding qualifiers and other indicators of doubt in all the time? As though he wasn’t sure of it – he wanted them to choose their wedding rings together.
It turned out a boy from the state school had put in a request to sing one particular, and peculiar, song, which was accompanied by only a guitar for the verses but was joined by a violin in the breaks.
Back up in his body, he could feel John changing his grip on the hand he was holding. He was gripping it tighter rather than letting it go, curling his own around it in a way that left Sherlock’s fingers free, for obvious reasons, but otherwise enveloped his hand, squeezing it.
They didn’t know about the part of him which had been to war and hadn’t been traumatised by it. They hadn’t seen his struggle to have a life worth living after being shot. Didn’t know how much he was in control of himself and of the anger inside of him. Had to be, really. They knew nothing of his medical expertise in less savoury areas or his practical approach to dealing with things, including physical violence if needed. They wouldn’t want to know how he craved danger, needed to be pushed and brought to any sort of threshold as much as he needed something stable and warm, possibly even more so.
But because John had stormed out, angrier than Sherlock had seen him in ages, he’d made the mistake of relying on assumptions, and therefore hadn’t actually made an honest effort to check on where he went.
He’d gone for John first, hadn’t he? Not Moriarty. His priority had been getting to John. That ought to have been a rather big clue-by-four, even for the doctor in the state he’d been.
But perhaps it could be used as a peace-offering and a start-off on the explanations. It was worth a try. So he convinced himself.
“Yes.”
Now wasn’t the time for the speculations, though, and so he managed to push them away and focus on, first, John singing the verse again, and then, playing the refrain together for the final time, this time doing his best to look out at the audience rather than the other teen.
What came out of his mouth, however, was none of those things.
That had shut the ‘minor government official’ up, at least for the moment, and when he’d spoken again, it had been to ascertain some important information, such as Sherlock’s vitals and, of all things, John’s vitals as well.
That Sherlock had smiled a soft, warm smile at the correction had only strengthened that determination, though it also brought forth again the guilt of what his knee-jerk reactions wrought.
Did that make him less hers, then?
“Oh, did you want a rescue rather than a place to escape from the world in? You should’ve only said.”
But of course. It was unreasonable to expect him not to go to his room at any point without Sherlock following him just because he was scared of what might happen. Just as it was unreasonable of him to…and that was too long a list to even begin to contemplate, now or in the foreseeable future.
When Sherlock noticed it, part of him wanted to groan in frustration, while another part of him wanted to pretend he’d never done it. The majority took the lead, however, and offered a half-smile of recognition and just a slight hint of embarrassment. Something which only John got to see, he knew, but he was fine with keeping it that way.
Could it be – no. No, he wouldn’t be. That was…John would know. He’d
To help John, or possibly just to underline a point, he took a step or two backwards, though he was hindered in stepping back further by bumping into his armchair.
Oh. Well, then.
One thing he did not get, though, was any further touching. Which was slightly frustrating but the main point was that it seemed Sherlock was still scared of what happened when they went further.
He grimaced at the thought, mainly because he knew it to be right. Sometimes the very worst thing you can have is a brain, because it always knows exactly where to poke and scratch and niggle. Exactly where and how best to expose you, to hurt you, should it wish to.
carrying more than one, though, or his eggs hadn’t dried up by this point and there were more pregnancies in store for him, for them, they were going to run out of space rather quickly. Hell, even if he was only pregnant with the one this time, if they found his little girl, then they would have a problem as soon as the little one grew too big to sleep with its parents.
“I’m sorry,” he heard from above him, quiet but sincere. “I phrased that extremely poorly. I only meant that if you’re worried that they might be put in danger by the life you…we’ll lead, that a nanny could assist you.”
It assuaged the sense of dread a little but not entirely.
“Basing your study on a single datapoint is bound to have a faulty conclusion.”
Not that he didn’t enjoy it or kiss back with as much fervour as he could possibly give. As much as he was given, in fact.
Pushing his hindering frustration out of the way as best he could, he tried to think back over the conversation they’d had earlier. It wasn’t easy, and not just because he was tired, nor was it pleasant, but it had to be done.
“I’m sorry.”
“That’s not it at all! Why would you even think that? Yeah, okay, I’m worried about their safety, but that doesn’t mean I don’t want them with me as much as possible. I don’t want anyone else to…to take…”
“Sherlock.” It was John, frowning a little as he looked down at him.
Protesting that surely the bite mark itself counted as said evidence, and quite a solid one at that, he was dispassionately informed that unless he had written documentation of said bonding to go with it, it was inadmissible as evidence.
Wasn’t he just being exceedingly selfish, then justifying it through…more or less any means available to him?
He hadn’t missed an opportunity to go buy cigarettes and John had been there, but they hadn’t had much of a chance to talk, as the shop had been unexpectedly full for a Saturday morning. The only reason he’d taken that setback relatively calmly was that he knew they’d be seeing each other again soon.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think it turned out well,” the younger Holmes said, earnestly and still quiet. “No, I mean it. Quite seriously.”
He could even…even live with it if it resulted in him moving out, refusing to work with or even see Sherlock again. If that was what his safety took, then that would be worth it. It would. He’d live. Of course, he would. He was a bleeding dragon, what else would he do?
Sherlock glanced back up, to see the dots focused right back at John, mainly on his chest and his forehead.
He didn’t want to hurt Sherlock, of course he didn’t, but if it came down to either the dragon – this right in front of him right now didn’t feel like Sherlock at all and so didn’t deserve the name of his friend – or him, he wasn’t going to hesitate in hurting him.
“We really need to discuss this properly some other time,” the Omega said, “when we aren’t both as tense and worried as we are right now.”
“If that’s a comment about my belly – “It was only said half-jokingly.
This really wasn’t an area in which those traits were good things.
Still, Sherlock couldn’t say he didn’t sympathise, as his own body did much the same. It was a confirmation that he had neither needed nor wanted.
John, for his part, had the kind of sneaking suspicion about what Mycroft meant creeping up on him that ran fast towards him but hid in bushes and behind walls whenever he tried to get a more solid fix on it.
you?”
“I’m here,” the brunet said, voice strained and raspy as though he hadn’t used it in days rather than the roughly twenty minutes that was the case. I’m here.”
“Shut up, would you?”
“Which one not to head, yes, and not merely because the streets are winding.”
It wasn’t really that she leaned up and sniffed at John’s bitten scent gland again, though it did slightly surprise him. Rather, it was that she then looked down and put her hands on the curve of John’s stomach, more prominent with the way he sat. More awkward to reach, too, unless you were a little girl with equally small hands.
Surprised, he turned his head to gawk a little at John, who only smiled and winked.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He hoped the slight colour he could feel in his cheeks wasn’t visible.
That was the crux of the matter, though, wasn’t it? Friend. Sherlock didn’t have any other friends. Didn’t seem to understand that John considered him his friend or why. It seemed to be something of a novel concept for him, to experience rather than to be a mere observer of.
“I told him we might be wanting his services later on, so I got his number.”
It would be nice but also exceptionally unlikely that the Alpha Irishman was going to just…let them go, not after all of this, and certainly not alive and well. The reason he had let them in in the first place, not to mention without any issues, was the same reason they wouldn’t be allowed to leave.
“Oh.” His nose wrinkled and his erection flagged slightly. “That’s really not a name I needed to hear in – wait, that was to do with the…claiming of a mate rather than a claiming of a thing, was that it?”
Part of him wanted to laugh, even if it was probably going to be slightly hysterically.
.........hello? Anyone still there? I hope so after all that I - well, it's here, anyway. At long last, I managed it. I did take the advice of the kind people commenting here, thank you so much for your understanding and support! ❤️❤️
“Of course not, nor should you. Tessa is a beautiful name, regardless of other bearers, and I can’t wait to meet your Tessa.”
“Tell you what?”
“Oh, but you will be,
His smile beamed across the quiet night and Sherlock could only hope to return it.
A muscle had twitched in both John’s cheek and under his eye at that, but he had swallowed whatever comment or issue was on his lips. Instead, he had suggested that they play checkers, only to find that half the pieces were missing or rather, they had been scattered across the flat as markers in…something, Sherlock couldn’t quite remember what. They were impossible to use as game pieces again, at any rate, at least according to the blond.
Again, as always, thank you all. <3
Once the plates were clean – Sherlock hadn’t eaten all the biscuits, but John took comfort in the fact that he’d stashed the remainder of the packet in his robe pocket – and the dishes dumped in the sink for later, along with what else had accumulated during the case, John led his friend back down the hall, an arm wrapped around his waist, the brunet’s head resting, somehow, on top of his own.
, father and had passed something on as a result, you couldn’t call it on account of that.
, that’s not part of the game you two are playing, to stave off boredom. What’s another dead body to the pile? Especially if you don’t get to collect me first. It’s not that I’m intrinsically interesting, I just happened to run a different route than expected in the maze, and so I’m worth adding.”
Where he had chained it, confined it, and where it still was. Even so, he tightened the grip, not just on the hand in his but the leash which he still held onto.
The grin only widened at that. “Not even a ‘who are you’ to start off with?”
Mycroft had been quite insistent that they needed to hurry, now, but Sherlock had been equally adamant that regardless of whether that was the case or not, John would have his sleep. He needed it, more so than any of the rest of them, he’d worked just as hard as anyone else in the last week, and he would be deprived of as little sleep as possible, if his bond mate had anything to say about it.
There wouldn’t be any because he didn’t need it. He could quote the entire thing back to him if he needed to. It was very useful when you dealt with people who seemed to have memory problems, for one reason or another, and particularly in their new line of work. Perhaps he would like to hear?
A little stunned at the reaction, Sherlock found himself walking over to the coffee table and sitting down before his brain had a chance to catch up. To remove the coat, though…
“There’s been reported cases of second pregnancies where the mother has been able to feel the quickening as early as 13 weeks.”
It took only a moment for it to click for the brunet. Captain. Obviously.
There was nothing flattering about it, either, really, despite what magazines, romance novels and TV-series might claim. A jealous, possessive Alpha shouldn’t be allowed to behave in whatever way they wanted to and to Hell with everyone else, and they shouldn’t be seen as romantic or their behaviour otherwise justified.
Purely in how John regarded it all, however, he had come to the realisation, the conclusion that it was not Moriarty who mattered in all of this, it was Tessa. He could go to hell, whatever he was to her or John, not to mention whatever his intentions were, and good fucking riddance.
“Yes, sir?”
“You are the one with the medical expertise, not to mention the surprisingly steady hand.”
To end it himself on his terms rather than by anybody else’s, especially three variations of dragons.
‘Yes. – SH’
“You matter to me, John.” He said it with as much sincerity and feeling as he could possibly put into it. Not more than he felt, of course not, but he needed to make sure that it got across.
“Playing it separately and playing it together are two different things,” Sherlock finished for him. To be honest, it shouldn’t be difficult, at least not for Sherlock, even though he was almost exclusively used to playing on his own, and when he’d been playing with someone else, it was another violin.
A smile found its way onto John’s lips quite on its own at that.
How should he approach it? He needed some way that would allow him access to some of that energy, without risking the dragon waking. He’d thought about it all the way down here and he believed he had one that could work, but it had to be for certain.
Sherlock didn’t quite know what to do here, either, and he didn’t want to intrude on what was evidently an important, emotional moment to the Omega. The fact that they were bond mates did not automatically entail he knew what to do or had a place in such a moment.
Can of worms? Yeah, if they were all secretly vipers or giant maggots.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, for fuck’s sake, let go of me already. Let me…fuck, your wing, it’s…let me see. I need to see.” The command of a military doctor in the voice was audible but on the next words, some personal vulnerability crept. “Please. You’re hurt. I can’t…
“Why on earth would I be? It’s a defect of birth, nothing more.”
A little bit faster, eh? On getting the chapter out, not what happens but that's hardly new, either :S But while I've liked this, it's still been a little bit draining. I'll try to get a schedule for this up and running, unless you'd rather I stop it soon, of course.
They made their way off the stage side by side, smiling. Mr. Duffy stood close by but didn’t come up to them, presumably because he wasn’t supposed to show supposed favour to students, however small, at an event like this. There would always be someone who decided to take offense at the honestly innocent and encouraging gesture, especially when the someone was a parent.
It was dark and quiet by the time Sherlock made it to the building where he knew them to be, especially for the area. Which was good for his purpose, as he had a bit of trouble keeping himself in check while he paid the cabbie and tore out of the car towards where John was.
“Yes. Bedroom.”
Just because he didn’t have to fear whether he was alive or not, or dragged off by Moriarty for that matter, didn’t mean there was nothing left to fear.
“It only happens between two dragons, is that it?” John asked, putting two and two together. His own expression turned thoughtful as he gave the issue consideration, intrigued almost despite himself. “Normally, I mean, which would make sense, I suppose. Why choose to mate with something that you cannot breed with? Unless you can? If you’d found a woman, I mean, rather than a man. Or just someone with a womb, of course. You obviously have the human equipment so I’m assuming – “
Nothing about John himself would indicate that he’d be used to palaces, or had been once upon a time, either; that he’d given it up between then and now. Not on its own, without prior knowledge of his history and situation.
“I’m not the only one who’s a bit preoccupied, eh?” John said before he took another bite that was just a bit too large to fit comfortably in his mouth.
harm to either him or me. Or the babies.”
One thing they certainly had was communication between them and a willingness to make it work, which he was even more grateful for.
Sherlock felt the harsh expelling of breath as John tried to calm himself down. He also felt the hands on his back, which had been clenched hard in the fabric of his coat, loosen a little before John pulled back far enough that they could look each other in the eye.
All of it conspired to scatter or distort what he did find.
“I know. I know you wouldn’t, and I’m sorry. It was inappropriate and I didn’t think. I should have. I know I should, and I don’t know where it came from.”
Mycroft never had been a fan of the mess of the flat, had he? Things should be neat and orderly.
The doctor snorted, not exactly amused. “Well, glad to be of entertainment value, at least.”
“Is he alright?”
“Why haven’t you told me immediately, then?”
Well, that was a marked difference from the man’s usual way of answering a phone call. Not that it didn’t make sense, of course. If anything, it made too much sense.
The doctor in the living room with the hunting knife.
It was tempting to close his eyes, but he fought the urge and kept his eyes on John, who after a moment or two looked up as well.
No…that distinction wasn’t quite fair on his secondary gender, though. His Omega instincts weren’t telling him to sit by meekly and let the Alpha do what it wanted with him. Yes, he fought his inherent instincts and cursed them often enough, too, he could admit that. However, he also made good use of them.
John felt his heart clench at the thought, so hard that he for a moment was certain that he was about to have a heart attack or similar. That it was purely a reaction to effectively losing Sherlock rather than his body failing wasn’t as much of a comfort as one might’ve thought it would be.
“Think some of it is just getting to grips with his nature and having tried to suppress it rather than work with it or even around it,” John supplied. “I know I’m encroaching on things I’m no expert in, both in terms of dragon and idiot, but I think I’m right.”
“Please refrain from making any more comments like that,” came Sherlock’s voice from beside him and there was a low-grade disgust running through his voice. “That is revolting on too many levels to count without being physically ill. It is bad enough that I have to sit next to him for an entire car ride.”
But he would lose her this way!
He paused to take a breath, then continued, “Then it’s only going to cause trouble later on.”
I didn't mean to disappear for over a month but things have been...you know when a kid has that one teddy that's holding together by the very strings? Yeah, meet teddy.
It was imperative that the doctor understood that he, Sherlock, wasn’t only intent on being and staying in control of the dragon, prepared to do whatever it took, though that was a major thing to understand. An even more important, crucial part to understand fully was that he had in fact been able to
No, it wasn’t because it was the right thing to do. At least, it wasn’t the right thing because of societal expectations. It was what he wanted to do, regardless of what the general populace thought of it.
Sherlock had promised he wouldn’t be pestering the doctor all New Year’s. Mostly without any prompting, either.
Back down in the living room, Sherlock sat and scowled, at nothing in particular. That was, until his phone chimed with an incoming text.
Yes. Whatever happened, he would propose.
The earlier argument they’d had on whether Moriarty would come there, to the flat, was felt but left unspoken. They both knew it was there and that it factored in. There was therefore no need to voice it, nor a need to discuss what to do in that event.
want. As a doctor, or you could help me. That wasn’t what I meant, though you’re right, I put that tremendously poorly.”
No, but John’s not stupid. He’s anything but stupid – he worked out that what Mycroft collects is at least partially people, without any prompting. He would’ve worked out that part on his own sooner or later and probably sooner. When he did, he would both be angry about it, even more so than he’d been earlier when Sherlock hadn’t seemed to care about the bomb victims, and feel betrayed, to a greater or lesser extent.
Since they’d gone to have the ultrasound, there hadn’t been much of a break for him, either, which would’ve kept that waiting alarm ticking.
“John?”
After all, wasn’t that what little brothers were for?
“I’m…dammit, I’m an enormous berk, is what I am,” he said, keeping his voice as low as Sherlock had, so as not to alert the store staff that something was amiss, “and I’m sorry, love. You’re right. Thank you.”
That he might, just possibly, be helping.
Logically, if he stopped to think about it – and right now, without something concrete to do, it was getting considerably harder not to think about it, because he wasn’t a doctor here, not really, he was just a friend –  John knew that there’d been nothing he could’ve done about it one way or the other. It had never been in his power to prevent this unfolding.
“I do understand, and I won’t say that I have the answer,” Sherlock said, quietly.
What was he doing to it? More importantly, how was he doing it and how was he to replicate it? There was no doubt in his mind that he’d just done the same thing to the gun, the anger, as he had the jade statue, but he was still no closer to knowing how, and he would need to.
‘Didn’t know it could do that.’
“That’s very kind of you, thank you,” he said, taking the bag off the ginger Alpha. At the insistence of a waved hand, he opened the bag immediately, peering inside.
He heard a growl again, but though it was far more pronounced than before, it didn’t sound aggressive or even annoyed. Then he felt the head move closer to his throat, betrayed by the heat coming off it, slowly but with an inevitability about it, a slight moistness indicating that the teeth had parted as well.
Sherlock blinked and eventually managed to focus on the other teen, who’d somehow shifted to be kneeling in front of Sherlock without the brunet noticing.
Sherlock still didn’t look entirely convinced, though, doubt riding behind his eyes, small but persistent.
“I…yeah, that sums it up pretty well, I think. You…you seemed to have some sort of notion about how…how we get to a claiming that doesn’t involve – but since that requires us to have sex, we’re in a bit…”
John rather than for him.
As the weeks went by, flying by, almost, he couldn’t help the growing feel of impending dread that had settled in the pit of his stomach, however. It was as though the closer they got, the better and happier a time they had at it, the more certain the inevitable crash of the tidal wave as it hit his shore and swept him along and down with it seemed to be.
“I’m perfectly capable of – “Sherlock began but was interrupted.
“Oh. Of course,” the member of staff said, their smile surprisingly sincere. “Just give me a moment, sir, I’ll go and find it for you. Do you have any preferences in colours?”
John sounded angry. He looked angry, too, but oddly, interesting he didn’t
a way of phrasing it. As if he could ever…and it wasn’t as though he actually
Next step was to work out how to get out of this embrace without waking Sherlock, which could potentially be a trial in itself.
He didn’t want the other to ever feel like he was clinging or smothering him, or otherwise controlling him, a fear which bled over even into a situation like this, at least right then and there.
This unexpected address stopped John in his tracks on his way to the kitchen, going quietly past them where they stood in the living room. Or rather, where Mycroft stood, and Sherlock sat in his chair.
All of this had happened rather quickly, or so the man claimed. He was looking down at the ground that point, his eyes red-rimmed and puffy from the crying, even more so now than when they’d got here
“Do not interrupt me. That wasn’t what I was implying, and it certainly wasn’t what I meant, either. It has nothing to do with my previous sexual experiences or what you seem to think is the lack thereof.” Sherlock glared at him as he spoke.
How could he even pretend to be Sherlock’s equal like this?
. It didn’t seem to compute in the same way that he was Sherlock’s older brother and therefore, in actual point of fact, another dragon, with all that that entailed.
Moreover, he realised as he focused on it, it had been written addressed to someone specific, namely him.
As far as Moriarty went, though, there was both the risk that he’d never stop and the unlikelihood that he’d restrict himself, either to only targeting John while he was out or while on his own. To look for rhyme or reason was to blind yourself when it came to that Alpha.
The elder brother didn’t make any attempt to draw attention to himself, either, though. Instead he chose to watch what was playing out in front of him with bated breath, hoping that his brother had finally managed to find enough of a tether to break all the way through and take over again. That what had happened in the bedroom after the blond had scarpered had been enough to make the difference.
Still, he had to be careful if the other was awake and pretending. He wasn’t going to pretend for long, or he would’ve worked it all out even if he never so much as left the bed, which could potentially…not ruin things but bring him back to the previously considered point.
The thought of Mycroft playing matchmaker wasn’t just horrible, his presence would automatically ruin things.
That said, there was no reason to actively make it worse.
That? He’d actually…oh.
Why was it going in circles likes that?
“I’m not asking you to shift into full dragon, you idiot, I was going to say that I wasn’t. I only meant one part, like your tail, for instance. Just the one.”
Mycroft seemed to have had time to gather himself, or at least retreat to safety behind a mask. “Ah. The famous Watson anger. Has it ever proven even remotely beneficial to anyone in your family? I seem to recall your sister faring quite – “
“Not just in me.” John remembered what had happened, too, and it wasn’t true to say that it had only provoked a reaction in him, was it? Not by a long chalk.
Maybe the vampire comment wasn’t that far off.
The dragon’s head had continued to rise slowly up above them, maw opening at an equally slow pace in what may have been a grin or maybe nothing more than a prelude to attempting to swallow them whole – or burn them. Though burning them would have rather little effect, considering where they were. Swallowing them, on the other hand, might not only kickstart the attempt to usurp Sherlock again but actually speed it up.
“First off, it’s still not night-time, and secondly, I’m not made of glass. Thirdly, if I’m asleep, I cannot control how I move and could therefore always potentially trigger something.”
He was out of time. To protect himself, to run away. To protect the ones he cared about, because there was a slim chance that Moriarty was actually telling the truth, even if retroactively, as it were. To be his own person. To get a chance to say goodbye.
“Shall we go, then?” the brunet asked.
“Quite understandably so, I would say, doctor, and not only given the dragon business.”
“No. I did catch what you said earlier, and I can assure you that I am not about to ‘go feral’ on you.”
He’d said his name, twice now, with no addition of possessive proclamation or a switch back to the wholly triumphant, possessive expression that had been on his face previously.
“That’s hardly fair on – “
,” Moriarty hissed, seeming to understand him despite the gag’s muffling, and there was nothing endearing about the nickname. It felt more like a value judgement, and the judging wasn’t favourable. “Whether you want to or not, you will.”
“It usually does.”
“Does it –?”
Not knowing whether it’d work but willing to take the chance, John grabbed a broad hand. Instead of squeezing it, though, he brought it up to his lips and gently kissed the first knuckles, protruding and bony.
Once he was properly gone, John tried to pull out of Sherlock’s grip, more to put the things they’d gotten away, possibly in that other bedroom the flat had, the one they’d already discussed whether could function as a child’s bedroom or not. They could have the cot for the baby in what had been Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sherlock was not about to give that up now.
Especially not the residents.
Sherlock wished he could disprove that or at least mentally dismiss it, as though it wasn’t true or at least not enough so to matter.
His world had been turned upside down and spun for good measure, and now he had a best friend who was stuck somewhere between dragon and human and was suffering, without him having any clue of how exactly he was suffering or what he could do to help, if anything.
you twat.”
“Do you think I’m not aware of that?” The not-so-low level itching he’d experienced since he’d woken had only been pushed into the background because of everything else that had been going on. “I was planning on having a shave myself once I’ve put you to bed.”
When they reached the bottom and got out of the way to somewhere a little quieter, for a given value of quiet, the smiles faded, and a slight awkwardness descended.
He struggled against Sherlock’s grip on him again, this time managing to pull himself free. The moment the red dots moved to dance across his de-vested body, however, he stopped dead, looking down at them as they moved about.
“Happy anniversary, John.”
John could text him, of course, but that was a hit-and-miss tactic still, though he had improved significantly. If he’d decided to do this, whatever this was, by hand, as it were, then he was likely either not inclined or not allowed to use his phone.
“It’s only fine if it was your choice, dammit!” he finally managed. “I’m not saying you should
“But not now?” John asked, just to be absolutely and completely sure.
Right, then. Best get a move on. It would not be long before the dragon would more than likely realise that something was missing, whether he was asleep or not.
He let her go.
He had…oh, fuck off, you miserable hybrid of a bat and a worm, it’s not intimidating to have you hiss or roar outside…what had he done? There must be – oh.
Updates as they come, though, as I've had a bout of exhaustion illness through this (and other writing), so I won't promise what I can't keep. For once. :/
“Sorry,” he croaked.
Oh, bugger it all to hell! One moment of inattention, of letting his mouth run off without guidance, and all that he had carefully worked on fell down around him.
Some had blocked his path, too.
And yet…
“Sherlock?” he repeated, hoping the calm tone he’d forced it into would make it recognisable to the man on top, thereby help snap him out of whatever was going on inside that massive brain of his.
Sherlock sat himself up the rest of the way with a jolt. No. Please no. Not that – not after all that had occurred. He could make it right, and make John come back to…
HEADS UP. This might be a rougher chapter for people in terms of content. I don't think it's worse than what's been in previous chapters but I might be wrong. It might be that you notice something that should be warned of in the tags, if so, would you tell me?
“I want you to touch me, in other circumstances, but that’s not the point right now. You need to actually sleep this time, not spend most of the time worried what you’d do to me in your sleep.”
When it had reached a more normal level, Sherlock finally opened his eyes again.
Even with his instincts spiking on that score, a good portion of Sherlock actually relaxed just slightly at that.
But John seemed to like it. He must, to choose it. Of course, it was a factor that it had to be something that combined the musical with the literary in some way, and in that respect, he supposed that it was a good choice.
“Kiss for them?” he asked.
Frustrated, worried, angry, very tired and certain he was going to have nightmares that night, he closed the book again and just barely managed not to hurl it.
Yes?”
Then again, why would they? It wasn’t as though he’d just been turned into a dragon – was that even possible? It sounded absurd but then, so did the concept of dragons in the physical world to begin with – and his outlook had changed according to his new body and subsequent mindset. This wasn’t a vampire or a werewolf movie.
He didn’t ask them about it, of course he didn’t.
Said git had located what he’d been after, somehow without impaling or slicing up his fingers in the process, and held it up, almost triumphantly.
There ought to be plenty of choice out there, if nothing else then to soothe the poor kids whose parents left without remembering to check their offspring had brought their stuffed animal of choice.
Mycroft was a lot more forthcoming. “On a holiday when he was five. We spent the whole day searching for it, as I recall, with no luck. He was inconsolable for about a fortnight. Then he never spoke of it again.”
Especially when he then popped said thumb into his mouth and sucked, seemingly entirely innocently.
Further down, the feeling of bliss, blessed silence of a high grinned at him from its prison, the blinding glare from its crystalline teeth beckoning.
While it wasn’t completely true to say that he didn’t know her at all, as he’d seen her come and go once or twice and knew that it was her from the descriptions he got from the other Omega when held together with the data on the regular clients.
John’s lips quirked in an odd imitation of a smile. “You are still Mr. Married-to-my-Work, aren’t you?” he said, his voice warm but…sadly wistful? Just slightly? “The one who has always had nothing but scorn and haughty dismissal to utter about the defects of the human brain, including that of love? Hell, in that context, you being a dragon is…to be honest, I don’t even know whether it explains a lot or just makes it more confusing. But in any case, it doesn’t exactly take a genius to work out that you might not want to hear somebody else express those sentiments to you.”
“Shall we go get our daughter back from that knot-raisin, then?”
Even if he’d been told not to put much stock in dragon stories, the unhealthy aspect of going into a dragon’s lair unwanted was near universal. He might not react then and there, being unconscious, and even then, that wasn’t a given, but when they managed to get him awake, he might lash out immediately.
It turned into a very good evening. As he hadn’t deleted the thought, merely pushed it away, however, it was inevitable that it would resurface and really, it was only a matter of time.
The Omega reached out, quickly, and touched the shoulder that he could just about touch. “Don’t you dare sound apologetic, alright? I just wasn’t prepared for it, that’s all.”
Sherlock pointed out, when he saw the score, that anyone who played the violin could manage it, so why had he been drafted? And he could forget about it, in any case, he wasn’t going to do it. Why would he?
to stop, something which this young Omega girl hadn’t been, not under her own steam. Even Heats ended eventually. There was no guarantee this ever would.
No. No, wait. There was still time to salvage it. All he had to do was continue to speak, quickly, continue as though he’d meant to say that and then get onto what he’d in fact meant to say. It wasn’t as though he hadn’t done that before and made it look entirely intentional.
He thought he recognised the tread but right now, he couldn’t be sure and could not afford to be wrong on the issue. Not when it wasn’t merely him in danger.
He had to prevent himself from putting his hand on the small of his back. Not because it was such a traditional Omega gesture, although it was, but because he hardly had the right yet.
“Thank you again, Mycroft.”
“I wouldn’t,” he repeated instead.  Involuntarily, he grabbed tighter onto the hand he was still holding. Willing him to believe him. “They’re not interesting to me because they’re dead people or because I can add them to my pile. They’re interesting because they allow me to use my brain instead of letting it rot. You know that, John.”
“Ages ago.”
John does his best to try and explain what Mycroft has told him about the courtship and its requirements.
The fact that it was the elder Holmes did a lot for the point of how many legal documents there were. It wasn’t ‘that are available’, which would have been the expected phrasing from everyone else. Everyone else would’ve had to content themselves with the official documents, after all.
To the Alpha, he had a clear and quite divine scent, even though he apparently didn’t smell of much of anything to others, even after their bonding – fools and idiots, the lot of them, but their loss and his immense gain so he wasn’t about to complain – and his mood and feelings affected the scent just like anyone else’s.
“I’m afraid so, yes.”
Wait, what?
“I don’t want it for myself,” Sherlock said, looking suitably indignant at the suggestion. “Why on earth would I have any interest in a gun?”
A moment passed by. Then another, silence descending around them while they looked into each other’s eyes.
It would be dangerous, too, not to mention a genuine risk that could occur.
He wasn’t going to think about that, and besides, he was going to make sure that in that ‘race’, it would be him that won. That John would never,
All that he had thought of previously still applied and yet, his heart was aching something horrible in his chest, threatening to pound straight out through his ribs or, failing that impossibility, combust entirely.
No, it wasn’t just instinct that was at play. Instinct would dictate that he protected his own offspring, his own genetic material above everything else, and at best didn’t care about the offspring that his partner had begot with some other Alpha. At the very best, really.
“John?”
“You wouldn’t ever waste money betting.”
“But why?”
However, they’d come up with a solution to that the night before, after their mostly silent but nevertheless companionable dinner, when they’d discussed just how much Moriarty would have access to and whether John wasn’t still effectively destitute, as that whole bank account was…well, compromised, for lack of a less overly dramatic term.
Sherlock wanted to scoff at it. Say that he was wrong or that it couldn’t be that since he would have to be aware of what he was doing for it to count.
It was very likely both, and Sherlock had the thought that they would need to resolve all of this as soon as they possibly could. Not just for the sake of their daughter and what was possibly happening to her, but for her mother, too.
“And you give them too little.”
Another surge of affection flowed through Sherlock at that and gave him a small hope that maybe he wouldn’t lose his friend after all. The subsequent thought that he might still, if Moriarty managed to lay his claim on John, he pushed aside, at least for the moment.
All in all, it would be uncomfortable at most distances. Up close like this, it sent a chill into John’s bones, one that was very close to the thrill he felt when they were on a case and about to do something dangerous. Uncomfortably close, perhaps, with a tilt that turned something exciting into something eerie while remaining exactly the same.
So, the real explanation was likely that he’d been right, in terms of acquiring it. Once they did have in their grasp, however, that was a different matter entirely.
Nature…
“I know,” he said, “and I’m sorry for getting defensive over it. To be honest, I’m mostly worried that what we’ll be putting them through for the foreseeable future or what I’ve already put them through.”
He’d known, too, that she was no longer there, either. Not that he had it all deduced right then and there. Even he couldn’t do that, not with that little to go on. Whatever his detractors might think of him, or Mycroft might remark in a fit of snippiness, he didn’t deal in guesswork.
‘Hang on a bit, we have a practical experiment.’
It wasn’t as though John had pushed her away or even growled at his stomach being touched. Yes, it had been a strong jolt and he’d also made some sort of noise, but it hadn’t been anything that indicated anger or displeasure.
“No,” Sherlock interrupted. He said it with emphasis as he shook his head again. “It has nothing to do with me.”
‘Isn’t that prejudice? – SH’
“No,” he groaned, then tried again. “No, I don’t…John, not yet. I don’t want it to be over yet.”
It then hit him that he could’ve asked some of the other students from John’s school that himself. They didn’t know him, there was no reason they’d choose to refuse to help.
How many dragons were still capable of genuinely vanishing? There was little doubt that he’d done it, the surge of it tangible in the air. Or was this because he was drawing on the treasure he had, letting the slightly symbiotic relationship that didn’t make it into stories feed into him, making it possible?
The front door was, by opening into the flat rather than out and therefore meeting the barrier John had managed to get in front of it, keeping people from entering the flat. At the same time, it also made it difficult to get out of the flat that way – for John, at least, for Sherlock it’d probably be cakewalk to claw or burn his way through. Did he even have fire breath? It was almost the defining feature of a dragon but for all he knew, they didn’t, or some spewed flame and others spewed…other things.
“I don’t think it had reached my conscious mind by then but…you’ve always been adamant you weren’t gay.”
The strain from that was real. He didn’t know whether it could cause further damage to what the scent deterioration had already caused, but regardless, the stress wasn’t good on the children in John’s womb.
“But…if it was a cure on its own, it can hardly be expected that it will work within such a short widow of time,” John argued back. “Things take time to recover – as you just said yourself, too.”
Sherlock levelled something of a ‘are you honestly being this dumb right now?’ look at him. “Firstly, we wouldn’t have the records of the harem without you nor would we know where to focus the search for her if you hadn’t provided us with the information. Yes, so you are a little bit hamstringed at the moment but that is frankly all it is. We lend you the help and support you need.”
Still standing rather close, it was easy for him to bend down and plant a kiss on John’s forehead, soft and warm.
“How sweet it is you think it’s his choice when what you have together is known for taking autonomy away even more than regular Heats and bonds.”
There was another pause for thought. They then walked over to another section of the shop and reached out.
Even so, it was worth it.
If he wouldn’t go for the head, it could be argued that it would be more logical to go for the heart, if he wanted to have control over the wyvern. After all, that would be the core, wouldn’t it?
But even so, they did still form a large part of it, and he had to struggle quite a bit to keep things held together.
He wouldn’t. He…would have to make sure that he didn’t, whatever that took.
“He tried to give it back?” The voice was suddenly sharp.
Sherlock realises something is off, what that something is and starts running to the rescue. Meanwhile, John gets a show he didn't ask for.
The admission earned him a huff and a quirk of lips.
‘John? Are you okay?’ he’d written in the end, after several attempts of writing only to then delete.
All he knew was that when he accomplished resurfacing, he was holding John as tight as he possibly could, arms, tail and wings having wrapped around him almost entirely, his nose buried in blond hair as his body tried to reassure his mind that no harm had been done, that he was safe and still unclaimed.
John stared at his phone, frustration pulling at the muscles in his face. Then, after taking a deep, long breath that he let out slowly and listening for any sound coming from down the hallway that would indicate the other wasn’t asleep, he began the somewhat laborious process of giving an answer to that in text form.
Could be just a nosy inhabitant, of course. They came in every shape and size, after all, and every nationality, too. Some might be more blatant than other but on the whole…
If he was going to die anyway, and he couldn’t see a scenario in this entire mess that didn’t end with him dead, either physically or at the very least mentally and psychologically, then he owed it to Sherlock to stay and protect him to the very best of his abilities.
Poking his head in to look, however, revealed no consulting detective, on top of or under the covers. Part of John was simultaneously disappointed and relieved that Sherlock hadn’t got it into his head that he ought to use the opportunity of Christmas to ‘spice up’ their sex life with something like Christmas-themed naughty lingerie or something equally…
No, he didn’t know that, for certain or even anything near it. The time for beating oneself up over stuff like that was after the fact, when you knew that that was the definite reason, not when it was almost purely speculation and extrapolation.
“But you did sleep.”
He resolutely turned his thoughts away from that path. Not only were they completely fruitless, he was well aware of that, this wasn’t the time, and not only because the tight grip also meant that they were rather close body-wise, and he wouldn’t trust Sherlock not to pick up on indicators other than a tell-tale bulge in his jeans.
John turned back to face Sherlock, his eyes flickering down to where the brunet still held his phone, then back up to his face.
The curtains were oddly intact, a contrast to the wardrobe, which had tilted and was resting against the dresser beside it, its doors hanging open, clothing out on the floor, too. There were claw marks on the walls, the floor and on the furniture, including the bed.
“Do you foresee a time when we’ll actually need to run? I thought this was about being inconspicuous.”
me. You’ve listened to me and told me things, things that seemed important to you, and so they were to me. There was no gain in it for you and yet, you stayed, longer than you had to after practising. You seemed to genuinely like my company.”
“We’ll go and see the paper for ourselves,” Sherlock offered by way of explanation. “But he hasn’t taken her, John.”
Sherlock replied, grimacing. “Everything is either a blank or possibly a blur, with an occasional sharp, horrible spike of…something in there for spice. I just know that if I was that desperate to claim you earlier, then it makes no sense I shouldn’t feel any of that now. I don’t, however.”
No, of course he wasn’t. Of course –
“Are you?”
As he did so, though, that sense of being off kilter began to slowly creep up on him again. He tensed further as he looked around as inconspicuously as possible, utterly certain for a moment that he had heard or seen something, something which either was already dangerous or would prove to be.
sat down, as he held a piece of toast with marmalade in his hand, which he’d prepared before waking John up, and the Omega was munching his way through his own, more laden plate of toast. Very laden, in fact.
No, that didn’t make sense. None at all. Even if he accepted the premise that he had an interest in John that went beyond merely screwing with people because he could, that did not translate to having any interest in his offspring. What he’d said could, again, be purely to fuck with him.
John drew in a sharp breath at that. He felt Sherlock grab his hand, which was a comfort and an anchor. “Do you know where she is? Have you got her?”
he had told them a lot of things – not to mention the fact that if the brunet had been an honest-to-something police officer, then the Beta probably shouldn’t tell him anything about a daughter he really wasn’t supposed to have – he stole a glance over at John again, to see what his reaction was.
and wanted some sort of diversion, and he’d decided that going for Sherlock, and by extension John, was the best option for it. Nothing more than that. No deeper meaning, just…boredom.
The Alpha’s grin broadened. “Shame to leave but I’ve got other things to do.”
“One way or the other, yes. Mostly for our longevity.”
John stared, a stare which turned into a glare before he directed it skywards, counting backwards. “Right. Okay. Dunno why I bother questioning you in the first place, really. Just…if you need to steal something of mine, the least you can bloody well do is
“That’s what people DO!” Moriarty snarled.
John himself, for crying out loud. Not that he was a negative, mind, but he was not as predictable as you would expect him to be. Sherlock was better at it than most, he knew, but even he had been taken unawares by him, more than once, at that.
That wasn’t honestly a whole lot better, although Sherlock didn’t spot that at the time.
Yet now,
John knew that he’d taken it. That was why he’d been angry with him that day, why he hadn’t been easily mollified. But that he knew, or at the very least strongly suspected, didn’t automatically entail that he’d be alright or calm when Sherlock pulled the offending article out of his pocket. In fact, given how he’d reacted when it had been taken, it was entirely possible that it’d stoke the banked fire.
That pretty effectively shot an arrow through the idea that John might’ve picked Sherlock for a reason to do this with, other than he was proficient with the violin. Why else would he have some other social engagement planned right afterwards? Why would he need to be back by the time the bell rang if not because other things had a greater priority?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Through something which has been compromised,” the younger Holmes interrupted again. “You promised not to leave my family in any danger and now you tell me you cannot even keep your own office safe from interference – “
It was nice, listening to John’s voice, commanding and soothing all at once, even if it was filtered through a wad of cotton, and he wanted to obey what it said. He genuinely did but it was difficult, as the fog rose and thickened, and the pain throbbed in waves.
“You’re my John. You have far more sense than almost anybody else I know.”
He honestly had no idea and couldn’t deduce what was meant, either, which frustrated and worried him even further. Despite, or perhaps because of that and the earlier arguments and issues, he did his level best to keep his voice calm and his head clear. As clear as he could get it, at any rate.
To John and Tessa. John rather than Tessa?
It would make sense that the watch would be in a pocket somewhere, especially if the younger dragon couldn’t bear to be parted from it, subconsciously or not.
It read, ‘Ruby’s woken up’.
“John…”
John settled himself on one of the empty seats next to Sherlock, only halfway turned towards him. “Be honest with you, didn’t think you’d agree to this.”
“Has he – no. I just told you that he prevented Moriarty from doing so.”
“I honestly can’t. I would if I could. I tried before we…left and again here, more than once, but for a reason I do not know and can’t reason out, I cannot shift either one way or the other.”
That was certainly the case for the man in front of him right now. The man who’d had people kidnap him off the street after he’d stormed out, had had him bound so well he couldn’t move, let alone escape and had then seated him in the most comfortable chair John could remember sitting in.
Well, then, time for his skills of stealth to be put to the test. It definitely wasn’t where he had expected to employ them, and not just because he hadn’t ever considered them much before now. But needs must and all that.
He watched carefully then and breathed an internal sigh of relief when it seemed that John believed him, beyond merely not arguing the point with him.
‘I saw these and thought of you. Still waiting for that invitation’.
Come to think of it, none of the things Sherlock stole were ever put anywhere that might damage them. They were rarely sitting in pride of place, but they were all carefully placed all around the flat. They obviously meant something to the consulting detective, even if he wouldn’t admit it.
Sherlock would still, in his heart if nowhere else, consider that a worthy payment for this. Even if it turned out badly.
“I can’t tell you one way or the other – “
He then lowered his voice, a smile in it,” and even if that won’t be the case, I might just have a vested interest in seeing you in it.”
Despite the unaffected phrasing, there was just the hint of a hiss to the voice.
“Right.”
“Acknowledged at last. Why, Sherlock, if you keep this up, I might start to think that you don’t care for me at all.”
It was only by the end of the sentence that he realised his voice had risen and he closed his eyes and took a short but deep breath. Things had been going so well up until now, there was no reason to jeopardise things, not over something like this.
Sherlock didn’t care what his brother thought about John, and he wasn’t about to be either shamed for it or intimidated into giving up. He knew perfectly well what kind of person John was. That was the entire reason he was interested in him to begin with!
Along with forming his new identity, really, which was a work in progress like nobody’s business. But though the road ahead was long, whichever aspect of it he concentrated on, and it seemed to go on and on without an end in sight, he was at least walking it now.
“You had to go on that first day we met. Properly met, I mean.”
So, what he did was pick up the bag or two that had been left on the ground with his free hand. Then he tugged the other away from the small side plaza they had been dropped off at.
Right, then.
But, come to think of it, there was something else about the kiss that needed thought; like with the declaration of love earlier – the fact that it was apparently three times over was something that he wanted to talk about, too, but perhaps another time – it was John who had initiated this kiss, not Sherlock.
“No, I meant – gimme a bag. I can carry more than this.”
He’d had…not quite a speech but still some words prepared for doing this. Things he wanted to make absolutely clear about the decision beforehand, so that John would be in no doubt that he meant this with all his heart. That he was doing it for John, for himself and for them. Because he wanted to.
One might argue this isn’t the time or the place for such things.
Despite that knowledge, that worry, he pressed on, speeding up as best as he was able, determined to reach the out, for both his sake and that of John’s.
He looked back up from the paper sharply. “Where did it come from?” he asked.
No, that wasn’t what he’d meant to ask.
His hand had clenched into fists and he dug his nails into the skin of his palms momentarily.
No, the issue would be to get…not exactly get it back because as he’d realised earlier, it could never go away, never not be a part of him. It would be to have some of it tethered, within his grasp, without waking up the rest of the instincts and the feral nature of it.
“Never mind. Why are they not just your average lump of pure gold, then?”
And he did not smell as though his trauma was put on.
There would still be issues, of course, same as there was in any relationship, he knew, inexperienced in maintaining those as Sherlock were. But so long as he took care of these core ones, as it were, before they went through with the courtship, watch and all, then he’d close the potential ways in.
Why did that not feel right? And was that the reason John was asking him? Why was his tone so gentle in his asking?
Mycroft didn’t rise to it. Instead, he stepped closer to the doctor and took his hand.
“Nobody says you shouldn’t love her,” John told her, in his not quite fluent French, as gently as if he was comforting her after a nightmare. His next words made something lurch inside Sherlock, even though he knew them already and knew the reason for them, too.
He experienced a surge of anger at his English teacher for dragging this all back up to the surface when he only wanted to forget, in the process showing him that he had a long way to go yet to perfect his skills at deleting things, which only exacerbated the matter.
“Who says it’s over just because you ejaculate?” he asked. That said, he removed his hand, too. If they were going to have the argument, he wasn’t going to be a berk and try to sway him that way. “That only gives me better time to explore your body while you recover. If you want me to.”
John, in the flesh, standing there in front of him. After everything, he was there after all. Whatever the reason, he hadn’t abandoned this.
That was not quite the John he knew, but right now that patience was quite sincerely appreciated.
To add a horrible thought to it, it wasn’t even certain that John would be
Looking at the indignant but also stunned expression on the youth’s face, he lowered his voice to a soft hiss so that only he could hear.
“What on earth is that?” he asked.
But it wasn’t cumbersome, and if he wasn’t focused most on getting them home as quickly and safely as he could, he might take some enjoyment in the exhilaration that was a constant partner of flying, no matter how often one did it.
have uttered the words ‘it’s a fair cop, guvnor’, either ironically or, more unlikely still, with complete sincerity.
Sherlock didn’t answer, just pressed his face against John’s chest, his lips against skin while his fingers dug in deeper.
John gave him a sidelong look at that, even though they were facing each other. “I suppose I shouldn’t ask just how old you are, then. Asking a lady her age is probably the safer alternative there.”
“Just…thinking…”
Funny, really. That what he got upset about, or had to force himself not to get upset about, was whether or not a stuffed animal was smudged and grimed by some security oink and not whether they’d get detained for something as stupid, in context, as suspicion of drugs.
Rather than feeling justified in being the one to have told him, however, John felt a growing sense of bad conscience; who was he to tell him? Not because of any inferiority complex or feeling right in letting the boy find out for himself, but he had no business lecturing anybody.
Again, the doctor felt as though he was listening through keyholes, spying on something he shouldn’t be privy to, though for completely different reasons than the first time it had happened.
Perhaps, that was for the best, though? Perhaps that was how he kept the dragon in check? Letting John take the initiative and the lead in all of this rather than try to be forward and risk the possessive nature rearing its head again.
The hand in his tugged, not hard but with a firmness that indicated it was intentional, and the Alpha followed for a step. What the blond said next was rather unequivocal, too.
Sherlock resisted him, however.
Despite all John had thought, despite what he’d said about loving Sherlock, to hear the word ‘mating’ come out of Mycroft’s mouth, in particular in relation to Sherlock and him, that…was jarring, too, even if it wasn’t in the same way as the other instances.
He could feel his skin being punctured.
“I know you aren’t,” John interrupted, gently. He did.
“Shall I tell you a little secret?” he asked, conspiratorially.
“Why – because I accused you of wanting to do something dangerous and harmful, with no grounding and no excuse!”
“You didn’t.” Sherlock had had a chance to look at the contracts. Not obviously all of them but the ones with significant differences, and of course, he’d looked at John’s. “Not then.”
I know it's taken me another two months, roughly, to get this out. Things being as they have, though...I hope you'll forgive me.
“We can’t stand out here – “John cut himself off. It wasn’t as though it was something irrelevant Sherlock was considering, and he could’ve thought it out a bit, too, before he’d answered the question.
Think my own exhaustion maybe has shone through a bit here...
Is this an odd place to end? Felt like an odd place to end and yet, at the same time...
“If Moriarty had had an interest in me rather than in you, as you suggest, he wouldn’t have gone for touching your stomach. I didn’t know at the time that you were pregnant,” judging by the momentary expression at that, it was still a sensitive subject to him, though not without reason, “so if he wanted to get to me and only to me, he would have either touched me directly or touched you somewhere intimate, like your scent gland. A place that would register as intimate and vulnerable to my instincts, as well as your own, and would cause a reaction in me to have another Alpha touch. But he didn’t.”
He’d only taken little over half the money with him – it wouldn’t prevent mugging whatever he did but you didn’t need to tempt it – but it still left him with a freedom he didn’t remember feeling for a very long time.
“I... I’m sorry about that. It was prejudiced and well, yeah, I was angry, but I…I really shouldn’t have – “
“If she was stupid enough not to see what was right in front of her, or, more likely, idiotic enough to see it and ignore it – “
“Now you’re projecting. I did consider it, but I dismissed it. You didn’t automatically tip over into full-blown feral dragon when I first saw you shift, did you?”
“It isn’t gone, John. It will never be gone.”
He kissed him, lightly.
five? I would’ve thought –”
A few emotions flickered across the other man’s face at that, fast as the frames of a movie, too fast to catch. What he settled on wasn’t what John would expect, though possibly, he should learn not to expect anything.
Thank you so much for the lovely feedback I got on the last chapter, that was very kind of you all.
“How do you mean?” John asked.
However, that did not mean banishing it again or tightening its leash even further, potentially to the point of strangulation, or even both. That way, it would feel justified in retaliating and its resentment, as demonstrated just now. It might even feel in a way that it won, seeing as he had to expend so much energy on it and keeping it contained. Keeping it down. For now and forever.
Whatever the truth of the matter, John still clutched the soft toy to him as though he had been reunited with his own long-lost precious childhood toy.
I have been rushing somewhat to get this out and I apologise if that shows. You do get a long chapter, though, but I don't know whether that's a good thing.
Most of all, though, they had fun together, odd as that felt to say.
No, wait. If Sherlock was scared, then John couldn’t be. Not even if he felt scared, too. Especially not if he felt scared, as well.
A quick glance out of the corner of his eye confirmed the suspicion; the mask from before, the soldier mask, was back in place as though it had never left.
He knew it. Had known it since they had taken off and before. On top of that, they neither could, nor should, influence her or try to, more than they were with their sheer presence, of course.
That he…no, not that he had made the right choice. This wasn’t his choice to make. But John had made a choice, he stood by that choice and Sherlock and so…
