John leaned forward just a bit. Their faces were close, close enough Sherlock knew he could press their lips together with the slightest tilt of his head. John's breath tickled warm and soft over his lips. John's eyes closed and the tip of his nose brushed against Sherlock's slightly.
“Oh. Uh- thank you...” Sherlock pulled the ratty blanket tighter around his shoulders. He  sighed in relief when John came and sat at the little one's other side.
Dori spent most of his active time nattering over his littlest brother Ori, who obviously had a crush on Dwalin. Of course, Dwalin had no idea. The match would be a good one, in the sense of fanfic, where the soft and tender hearted innocent book worm redeemed the gruff and calloused heart of an old warrior.
“Well done, Mr. Holmes,” Bilbo's voice chimed from the cell next to his. Sherlock freed the hobbit, then proceeded to free the other company members, finally coming to John's cell. He met the doctor's admiring gaze with a shy grin.
“Yes, cheers. It’s an expression of good wishes.”
There was a knock at the door. “John? Sherlock?”
“Ah, there!” Sherlock pointed to where, indeed, Bilbo had just stumbled upon a very naked and dripping wet Thorin Oakenshield at the water's edge.
“My king!” Dwalin’s voice called from somewhere above on a walkway. He leaned over the rail, eyes frantic. “Elves are marching this way!”
Sherlock leaned forward slightly in an obvious invitation for John to wash his back. He was thrilled when the doctor visibly relaxed and set to work. He moved behind Sherlock, where he could hide his crimson face and hopefully get a better handle on himself.
“Clearly the writer is obsessed with Martin Freeman, who portrays both Bilbo Baggins and John Watson. That is why you are both here,” he stated, looking from John to Bilbo, who had settled in at John's side. The similarity was uncanny, and Sherlock couldn't believe nobody else had put it together.
“It's far too distracting! Just don't look at me, John,” Sherlock repeated.
“What, that I would be sitting here like an abandoned dog waiting for you to return? That I would want to stay here after seeing you dead on the pavement? That I would want to look around here every day for the rest of my life, seeing your ghost, your shadow haunting my every waking moment?! Is it really that surprising to you that I would want to get away from that? To leave it behind and try…” John rubbed at his face, his emotions getting the better of him. “Try to move on.”
“Oh?” She asked with raised eyebrows and a smirk.
“So, Sherlock,” John said softly, leaning closer to the consulting detective, “what do you make of this? Are- are we dreaming? Or is this some sort of simulation happening in our heads? It can't possibly be real.”
The ceiling was collapsing in earnest, dust and rock billowing behind the dwarves as they ran. The path turned from wood to stone as they neared the wall of the cavern. It sloped down and Sherlock could already smell the fresh air at the other end. He led them all down and through a tunnel, coat swirling around his impossibly quick feet, until they came out on the other side of the mountain.
Everyone froze, and Sherlock was relieved to see the other orcs decide to retreat with haste at the loss of their leaders.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don't let these dwarves and their silly notions scare you. What we need to be doing is keeping an eye out for what our dear author has in store for us next.”
“What?!?!” John's yell attracted the attention of the group of dwarves, but he didn't notice. “What the bloody hell does that even mean? We're in a fanfic?”
Sherlock gave him a doubtful look.
“Oi!” Sherlock called as he stomped off toward Thorin.
Sherlock grinned wolfishly at John's obvious approval. The doctor's jaw nearly dropped into the water as he ogled Sherlock openly.
He looked back down at the dwarves in the river.
Apparently, they had shared a meal with Elrond and a few other elves a bit earlier. Sherlock's stomach was full, but he couldn't for the life of him remember what it was they had eaten. Not important. What was important, was that he was now standing on a balcony, (how many damn balconies did this place have?), overlooking Thorin and Bilbo, who were overlooking Gandalf and Elrond. The wizard and the elf seemed to be in a bit of a heated debate regarding Thorin's mental stability.
“No. We are not from Laketown, and we are not elves. We are from a completely different world,” Sherlock stated.
John gasped, before he found himself leaning forward, his eyes closing again.
Sherlock rolled off of John and onto his back, his mind nearly blank with the peace he now felt. “I have no words.”
“Stop talking,” Sherlock finally felt a bit more in control of the stupidity falling out of his mouth, until he moaned “faster!” a little too desperately.
Thorin narrowed his eyes. “Friend or foe?”
“You do realize a fever is the body's way of fighting off infection? It's good that I've spiked a fever,” John lectured.
“Thank you?” John asked incredulously.
“Sherlock, you have laid in thought, unmoving for nearly a full day now. You need to eat and sleep, and Lord knows you should have a bath,” John ordered.
John looked up from where he had just punched a goblin off the path. “Are you crazy?! This place will come down on top of us!”
At least the people seemed happy to have something to celebrate. John grinned as he spotted Bilbo and Thorin rushing hand in hand up the stairs at the other end of the bar.
Balin was Dwalin's brother. It was clear he was meant to be the most practical. Balin was wise and generally neutral, probably he would be good at giving one of the more gruff characters a reality check if they got too intense.
“Oh never mind! What about Bilbo?!” John demanded.
Sherlock smiled, letting his eyes soften as he gazed into John's. Tilda, apparently deciding this was a good time to take her leave, hopped off the bench and scurried off to find more blankets.
John wanted to go home. He wanted the familiar warm couch, the wallpaper like none he would ever have picked out himself. He wanted Sherlock. The apparition had disappeared the moment John had walked down the stairs. Now he was alone.
Sherlock's eyebrows raised, but he found himself more amused than insulted.
“Any number of creatures have eyes that will reflect light in the dark,” Sherlock reassured.
Sherlock couldn't remember ever really noticing what he had on. He had been looking for trousers earlier, but, given that this fic was being written by an amateur, he should expect such ignorance of details. His hip bone ached where it rested against unforgiving stone, and Sherlock had been quite convinced John had left him in Rivendell and headed out on his own. He was glad to be proven wrong when the sound of John's sure gait echoed from the bedroom.
Sherlock shook out his hair, letting flecks of river water splash at John's face. What did it matter? They were both soaked to the bone anyway.
Orcs, apparently, were blood thirsty mutated creatures hell bent on ending as many lives as they could manage to get their hands on. Therefore, when the company was set upon by orcs riding on the back of even more vicious wolves, (wargs, he was told) Sherlock would not hesitate to admit that he was scared. Much as fear was not a typical feeling the detective experienced, he was very much afraid when a giant warg, sharp teeth snapping and drool hanging in ropes from its hungry mouth, attacked him, knocking him to the ground. It hovered over him, lunging to snap its jaws at his face, then dropped, Kili's arrows protruding from his gaping maw, heavy smelly body twitching against Sherlock's chest.
This was different. His longing for John was hindering his ability to focus, to process and observe things properly. It was as though John had infested his mind palace, covering the floors and filling the empty spaces, making it impossible for Sherlock to hone in on anything else.
“Did I... what?”
It was quite irritating, being stuck in the wilderness with not so much as a change of clothes, but Sherlock and John made due. John and Bilbo had become friends, which Sherlock had predicted they certainly would get on well enough, and more often than not, he found himself walking alongside the two. John and Bilbo discussed all the most boring things Sherlock could imagine; family trees, tea, knitting... honestly, his brain would explode if he didn't get away from them for at least a few hours.
Sherlock nodded. “And find a change of pants.”
By the time he was finished washing Sherlock's back, John was feeling quite a bit more in control. Until the detective laid himself back, letting his arms rest at his sides and raising a brow up at the doctor. Sherlock glanced quickly down at his chest, then back to John in an obvious request for John to continue.
John shrugged. “I don’t know. Something to do with some guy called ‘Martin Freeman’.”
John had zoned out again before she had finished speaking. Mrs. Hudson cleared her throat, her hands jumping to her hips as she tapped a toe.
“Always with this 'she', Sherlock! Who is she? Is she someone you know? Because you sure seem to be aware of what it is that she wants!” John yelled.
John groaned inwardly. Sherlock's skin was so soft, so warm and smooth, despite the time spent in the wild. He would have to keep his whits about him if he intended to keep this interaction professional. Surely it would not be wise to take advantage of Sherlock's injured state. Then again, how could he possibly expect to keep his hands clinical and help Sherlock bathe without touching every inch of skin he could reach?
“And.....”
Mary. Her name was Mary.
Sherlock quirked a grin. “Try me. Try and kill me. I won’t stop you, but I guarantee she will not let it happen.”
John rested his forehead in his hand in defeat.
An ear splitting screech cut off the potential answer, and John and Sherlock looked up at the giant eagles swooping overhead.
John huffed. “Could I get a little help?”
Sherlock sighed, refusing to meet John's gaze. “Apparently,” he spat.
Sherlock blinked his eyes slowly open.
What had he missed?
“John.”
“Sherlock, you fuckin twat, watch it!” John complained.
“I like your scarf,” she said.
“Precisely.”
John’s head whipped in his land lady’s direction, having suddenly realized she was still there.
“And apparently vindictive. Though it seems she likes me enough not to damage me at least.”
Morning came too quickly, and John found himself more tired than he had been when he had first bed down on the hard forest floor. Bilbo had been kind enough to share a bit of his coat he used as a pillow. He had offered to share his bedroll, but John couldn't hope to fit alongside the hobbit.
“Going about what? I have no idea what you're talking about.”
“Sherlock,” John began, his tone heavy with the irritating insinuation that Sherlock was acting out of line.
“We are not masters of our own fates, and you are no master of mine. Only She has any control here. She decides how this story will end. Everything said, everything that happens, is entirely up to her.”
How would one woo their intended in a slow burn fic?
John swallowed and nodded jerkily.
Chapter 2! I know it seems like I'm poking fun at fandoms, but really, I'm poking fun at myself. I find I write the most predictable formulas in fic, and I can't say that I'm ashamed!
“My God,” John declared with a grin, “maybe we are the same person!”
The forest was thick, the air heavy and damp as it pressed in on the company. The first couple days, the dwarves held light conversation, trying to keep themselves distracted from the strange smothering feeling. By the third day, the group remained silent. The only words uttered were hushed whispers, questions of which way to go and when to stop for a rest. The silence gave John time to ponder on his relationship with Sherlock. He thought on their interactions since they had come to Middle Earth, and found himself wishing he had a Mind Palace to sort it all out. It was afternoon when the fogginess of the forest overwhelmed him and he finally gave up and decided to spend the rest of the day taking in their surroundings.
“Oh,” John frowned.
*****
Hang in there, world! I hope you are all well. Please take care of yourselves.
“Come, John. We probably don't have much time.”
John stopped when he had crossed the room and was finally face to face with the man he had finally let go of.
“No. Judging by what's happened so far, this is most probably a slow-burn fic. That means it will be drawn out, there will be all sorts of misunderstandings and events that will keep us apart, driving us to emotional fits and near insanity. Trust me, John, it is much better this way.”
“Look, motherfuckers! Gold!” Thorin’s voice was gruff and proud.
He grabbed John by the hand and pulled him into a kiss. When they finally separated, they were both a bit breathless, a fact that Sherlock thought was perhaps a bit overkill.
“Would you like to come in?” Sherlock asked softly. “I believe there is whiskey left in the cabinet.”
What the fuck was the author playing at here? Awkward tension? What?
Sherlock had to admit, out of all the unpleasant experiences he had ever encountered, being chased by orcs across an open field was up there at the top of the list.
Why would John say that? Why was he talking this way? Why would he need to? Wasn't it obvious?
John heaved a resigned sigh. “It's not easy. He’s an idiot.”
“Oh, uh... thank you,” Sherlock grumbled out under John's disapproving glare.
“How do you treat a poisoned arrow wound?!” John yelled as he helped hold Kili to the table in Bard's rickety shack.
Sherlock gave John a pointed look.
Here is the actual chapter five.
“Your quick thinking saved Master Baggins.”
John’s jaw clenched and he scowled. “No! No. No, I am not visiting him, I simply need… air. I need air. And I’ll be back- well… don’t wait up.”
John huffed at the floor, before deciding to hell with it. “Yes. I have been completely lost without you. I have spun in circles, lost my job, lost my purpose, my life, sitting around here and trying to make sense of it. To convince myself I couldn’t have saved you. To let go of the guilt. The heartbreak. The absolute misery-” John looked away and chewed idly on his lip.
John looked down and frowned. “One of yours?”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“What are you complaining about now?”
“I am Thorin, son of Thrain, son of Thror, leader of Durin's folk,” Thorin introduced himself impressively.
John pulled Sherlock to the open tunnel and they tumbled and rolled down. The dwarves around them seemed relieved to escape, but Thorin seemed wary. A corpse of a warg had rolled down behind them, struck with an arrow Thorin seemed certain had come from elves.
“Do you think he’s lost his-?”
“Of course.” Bilbo's brow furrowed slightly, and he hesitantly followed Thorin out of the room.
It didn't matter. Not when the sunlight was shining off of the graying golden strands of John's hair and sparkling against the pale luminescence of his eyes.
The next time John saw Sherlock, he was in bed with another woman. The first since that fateful night, and he was once again wracked with guilt. Guilt based upon the loyalty he felt to a man who was never his. A man who he could never have had. A man who had his heart anyway.
“Hey Sherlock?” John sounded genuinely concerned, staring off into the crowd with a frown.
“Oh for God's sake John, just answer the question. Adorable as it is to see you stutter and blush, I really need an answer.”
“Sneaky?” Sherlock smirked as Nori gave him an amused look.
“Wait! You just let Bilbo go in there alone?” John asked incredulously.
Ah, a typical setting for a woman's smut fic. But Sherlock couldn't even bring himself to note it out loud. It really seemed like the perfect place for their surprisingly soon second round. The fire was warm, (how was it still burning?) and the rug beneath them soft and thick. Sherlock settled into the cradle of John's legs, his mouth and tongue mapping every inch of John's neck and shoulders. He slid his hand down John's chest and abdomen. He pulled back just a little, taking himself in hand and lining up with John, then he slowly, slowly pushed in.
It felt wrong.
Hello loves! Only a few more chapters to go!
“I believe he did.”
“Sorry, got a bit carried away,” John mumbled quickly, before turning back to Sherlock.
“What?” Bilbo’s brow furrowed and he stopped what he was doing.
Sherlock cringed as he pictured the angry twist of John's face as he had yelled at him. John knew this was not Sherlock's doing, didn't he? Sherlock was doing all he could to figure out what was going on. He wanted to go home too, but there was no reason for John to take it out on Sherlock. And now, he would have to wait for John or someone to come help him, as he knew he would not be able to make it back to the bed without assistance.
The goblin king seemed to have taken a liking to Sherlock, a fact that made John want to gut the ugly walking pustule with his bare hands. He looked up again, to where the disgusting blob of a mutant was looking over Sherlock like a piece of meat. John's blood roared in his ears when the goblin king reached up and brushed his finger over Sherlock's cheek. He shoved his way through goblins and dwarves alike, pushing himself to Sherlock's side.
“Here, let me just get some light in here,” John said, moving around the room to light the two sconces on the wall. He returned quickly, dropping back to the floor at Sherlock's side.
“Thorin! Favorite position?”
As Tauriel's words faded off, Kili began to stir, his eyes opened and he stared at her in wonder. “Lady, thou art more beautiful than a summer's day, more radiant then the sun, more-”
It had been three months since Sherlock jumped. Three months, and John saw Sherlock everywhere he went. He had spent the first week in bed, staring vacantly at the ceiling. Mind empty and body numb. The third day, he rolled over to find Sherlock sitting next to him. He reached out, trying to touch him, to feel the warmth of his skin, and Sherlock disappeared.
“Possibly a wizard?” John answered weakly as he helped Sherlock to his feet.
“What's your name?” she asked in her little voice.
“Say my name,” John whispered. He ran his tongue up the length of Sherlock's neck and nibbled at his earlobe.
He sat back and laid against the end of the tub, resuming the position he had been in before.
Judging by the fact that most interactions over the last week had been between Thorin and Bilbo, and none of them had been good, Sherlock found it safe to assume the two of them were supposed to be the focus of this particular fic. He had seen Bilbo call Thorin out on his moodiness at least three times, and Thorin had called Bilbo “halfling” more times than that, which apparently was not a polite term for a hobbit. Bilbo had left every altercation with a most dejected and heartbreaking look on his face, one that Thorin happened to never notice.
Sherlock shook the wet hair from his eyes, only to be replaced by cascades of water. “I didn't think she would, but now I feel I must reconsider!”
“John. Get up. We have to leave,” Sherlock urged as he rose to get himself dressed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh for fuck's sake!”
John leaned back, his pupils blown and breaths coming out in rough pants. He brought his hand down, letting it brush teasingly over Sherlock's length.
What happened? Hadn't they been sharing a moment? Why was that so very terrible?
Thorin scowled at the man. “You're a right prick, you know that?”
John leaned in slightly as he felt Sherlock's coat brush against his hand. They were close enough John could feel each breath, see the rising pulse in Sherlock's neck as his eyes hardened and he clenched his jaw and spun away, stomping off to catch up with the dwarves mumbling something about “stupid romantic fic” and “silly female's idea of romance”.
John huffed a chuckle. “Alright then.”
“Well, John Watson, why don't you go with my nephews and see what you can find to feed us tonight?” Thorin sounded amused, and John was more than eager to pull out his gun and wipe that haughty grin off the dwarf's face.
“Don't be a fool, Dwalin,” Thorin rebuked. “Look at the way he's dressed.”
More orcs. They were everywhere, shooting at the company as they were tossed about by the rapids of the great river. The great river? Was that what it was called, or was that just how Sherlock was referring to it in his head? No matter. It was of little consequence when there were arrows flying everywhere and you were being bashed against rocks.
“So how about that whiskey?” John asked.
* * * * *
“And here I thought she liked me,” he barely managed to breathe out before his head fell back and he knew no more.
Then, he saw her. She was a vision, curls perfectly in place, flawless makeup, dress hugging her slender figure like a second skin. Oh, she was gorgeous. John grinned and stood to pull out her chair.
More soon?
“Interesting,” Bilbo stepped back, urging John to follow.
“Lucky for me, nearly everyone I meet becomes an enemy. What's one more?”
“Thorin.... Give them to me!”
John found some soap and a cloth on the shelf in the corner. He brought it to the side of the tub, looking to Sherlock for direction.
“What?” John asked incredulously as he yanked the shower curtain back. “Are you mad?”
Dwalin was Thorin's closest friend, the two had seen the fall of their kingdom together. Sherlock could tell they were close, but he was certain there were no romantic feelings involved there. Dwalin fit the bill for one who was in need of a good cry, or so a fic written by an overly emotional woman would insist.
Things got better after John and Mary began dating. John left behind the overwhelming pain of loss. It still stung, but more like the distant pain of an old wound, less sharp, the edges dull and vague. He decided, after a few months, that he was going to propose. He visited Sherlock’s grave to break the news and come clean.
Sherlock shook his head. “Of course you don't. Come on.”
“Indeed. Have you?”
Sherlock glanced around frantically, unable to see much through blasts of water spraying everywhere and his wet hair hanging over his face.
“You could have at least given me a sign!”
“No idea.”
Sherlock cocked a brow curiously. “Now you must tell me.”
Smaug frowned. “You’re telling me a woman is deciding our fates? Is controlling everything here? All of us?”
Sherlock jumped at the sound of an arrow piercing wood. He turned to see a man, like a real actual human, not a dwarf, or an elf, or some orc monstrosity, aiming a bow and arrow at Kili, and loosing an arrow that knocked the rock from the dwarf princes hand.
* * * * *
John stopped dead, his jaw dropping as he stared at the great creature. “That dragon has a particularly arousing voice,” he gasped, clearly entranced.
For goodness sake, how predictable. The hobbit would overhear this, and the dwarf would be all brooding about it, and Bilbo would want to reassure him. Convince him that he didn't see Thorin that way, that obviously Elrond didn't know him, etcetera etcetera. Probably Bilbo would chase Thorin down after the dwarf ran off- oh! There they went. They'd be snogging in a hallway within a minute.
“We? And that’s it? That- that beast is just….. gone?”
John shoved his hands in his pockets and followed Sherlock back to the group. The dwarves seemed to have decided to settle in for the night. They were attempting to build a fire, but John couldn't bring himself to watch. He was too busy being angry to really care what else was happening at the moment. Their food supply was low, and so he knew there was nothing to be done about his empty belly, which did nothing to help his foul mood. He was staring off into the dark spaces between the trees when he saw glowing eyes looking back at him. He scrambled to his feet and backed away, closer to the fire.
“It doesn't matter. I will eventually get what I want, because I'm pretty and I'll live forever. You're all idiots. Go to the dungeon,” Thranduil said, clearly bored. He threw a leg over the arm of his throne, leaning back and flipping his hair. John swallowed thickly, the long lines and smooth porcelain skin, long slender fingers, gorgeous eyes....
“John?” Sherlock said softly.
“They're afraid of the forest?” John asked in confusion. “They didn't seem so afraid in the forest we met up with you in.”
Sherlock pursed his lips, then spun on his heel and followed John out into the night. Perhaps he would finally be able to get out his sexual frustrations. The close brushes with death they had had since their departure from Rivendell had certainly pushed any thoughts of seducing John from his mind, but now that the adrenaline had subsided, Sherlock found himself overwhelmed by John's presence once again.
“Too late now,” Sherlock surmised. “John? You have any rounds left?”
“Sherlock?” he whispered as he found the detective sitting nearby. “Sherlock?” he tapped the detective on the shoulder. “Something is following us.”
“John?”
“Yes. I've never.....” oh honestly, a virgin? Him? At his age? He looked up at the ceiling over John's shoulder with a grin and mumbled “how original.”
“No.” The great dragon sighed, then looked up at the entrance to the hall. “I suppose I have no choice, then.” He rose, spreading his great wings with the clatter of thousands of falling coins and gems. Without another word, he left the cavern, flying off to the north in search of a new home.
Sherlock shook his head, looking up to watch Gandalf and Elrond. They had moved onto a rooftop, or something of the like, where two other figures stood waiting for them. There was a woman. She must either have been an elf, or an angel. Sherlock found himself in awe of her, until he remembered that he was far too sensible to be so wonderstruck by anybody. Except maybe John. He shook himself and rolled his eyes as the woman dramatically turned around to face Gandalf, the moon shining behind her like a halo of pale golden light.
“I want to thank you for taking such good care of me last night,” John said softly, letting his lips brush Sherlock's.
“How came you to our world?” Lord Elrond asked skeptically.
The journey to shore had been amusing to say the least. Sherlock and John didn't seem to have much trouble, but many of the dwarves did. Ori had gotten caught up in the current, and it took every ounce of Dwalin's strength to pull him in. Meanwhile, Bilbo had gotten stranded on a barrel, and Thorin nearly lost his mind trying to get to him. That may have had something to do with the fact that Bilbo had taken that moment to confess to Thorin that he couldn't swim. In any case, they all found themselves once again on solid ground, freezing cold and dripping wet.
It was getting late. John and Bilbo had spent most of the evening… doing something Thorin and Sherlock would have found completely boring. Thorin was in the throne room, doing kingly things, and Sherlock spent most of the day in his mind palace. John had given up trying to figure out what the hell he did in there. They had been with the dwarves in Erebor for several weeks, if Sherlock were correct, and everyone knew better than to suggest he wasn’t.
Kili frowned, before his eye was drawn to the sight of their uncle, standing upon a mountain of gold.
This was going to be difficult.
With that, John walked off in the direction of the company, an air of utter disappointment hanging around him like a cloud.
“Whatever for?”
Sherlock looked from John to Thranduil, who had met John's eye and was now grinning. His head nearly burst when the pompous elf gave John a lascivious wink.
“It's alright. I accept your apology. Perhaps you can make it up to me?”
“I'm sorry Sherlock,” John sighed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh, do go on. Read me my rights and take me to jail.”
Sherlock grinned. “Now, I do hope you haven't gotten too comfortable gentlemen.” He held up the key he had nicked from the guard.
“Keep moving!” an impatient elven guard demanded at the two. “And no more talking!”
Sherlock always disappeared if John tried to touch him.
John had long since stopped listening, his focus entirely on the man who stood between them. Sherlock hadn’t moved since Mrs. Hudson had arrived, standing stock still, eyes intensely focused on John’s and face in a mask of curiosity.
John shrugged. “I don’t see why not. What did you have in mind?”
“Then, what exactly are you?”
“Did he just say-?”
“John?” How had he managed to pull up his trousers with wet legs? Oh. He was suddenly dry. Except his hair. Of course.
Thorin looked at Sherlock in sheer confusion. “What?”
“It’s just not healthy,” Mrs. Hudson was saying from somewhere over Sherlock’s left shoulder.
“Bilbo has a soft spot for food. Thorin invited him to a midnight picnic.”
The dark haired man stood frozen, as though he had been petrified to the ground where he stood.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John?” Mary asked for at least the dozenth time. “What happened? Who was that?”
“Yes. I am,” John answered as he settled against Sherlock. He rolled his hips and Sherlock gasped, his eyes falling shut and hips shifting up toward the warmth of John's body.
“I did!” John threw his hands up in irritation. “I did, but I don’t now, and I don’t want to talk about it!” he turned away to gather himself for a moment, trying so desperately to ignore the pale blue eyes watching him from the bed.
“So how did you end up with this band of... dwarves?” John asked the hobbit. He was still having a hard time accepting that this was in fact not a dream, and they were most definitely traveling with creatures that were not human.
“What is the meaning of this?!” Thorin appeared next to Sherlock, a dangerous look on his face. “Bilbo! How could you?”
John looked up at Sherlock's voice, his face taking on an even deeper shade of red as he caught sight of Sherlock's half hard length beneath the water.
John gave Sherlock a skeptical look. “I'm sorry?”
“Sod this. Sod this, sod you and... fuck off!” With that overdone slew of angry profanity, John stormed off in fury.
“You know I haven't. Nothing makes sense,” John's voice rose a bit as he answered, his distress evident.
“Unless of course this fic is about an unrequited love, which would be horrible. It would make it nearly impossible for me to think clearly if these feelings are not reciprocated.”
Sherlock gave John a perplexed look, staring a bit too intensely.
“King Thorin! I have come to collect that which belongs to me,” Thranduil declared.
John threw his wallet on the counter and angrily kicked off his shoes. “Sherlock fucking Holmes.” He yanked at his tie and impatiently fumbled to pull it over his head.
“Wasn’t he your best friend?” Mary asked as she followed him through the house and into the bedroom.
“Come on then,” Sherlock took the hem of John's shirt and lifted it up and off. “Let's get you cooled down a bit and get into bed.”
“That depends on how you look at it,” Sherlock answered. “On one hand, the orcs somehow found us in that forest, of course that could be chalked up to good tracking. On the other hand, when I asked for help, the giants stopped their tantrum and the storm died down.”
* * * * *
“Oh my God. I am so sorry,” John jumped up and immediately began pacing, pulling his hands through his hair in agitation.
John smirked.
“That one is simply true.”
“I am awestruck John, why am I awestruck?” Sherlock asked, looking to the doctor for answers. But John wasn't listening. He was entranced by the elven magic, lighting up the room and rendering all who saw it speechless.
The air was suddenly quite hot, and suddenly they stumbled into a vast hall filled with treasure which was quite the overuse of the word “suddenly”. John quickly grabbed Sherlock's arm, pointing to where Bilbo stood, an enormous and terrifying dragon standing over him.
Sherlock shook himself. John's head was on his shoulder, and the two of them were laying on the bed. John was still straddling Sherlock, their chests pressed together as they struggled to catch their breath. There was a banging on the door, no doubt by the wizard's staff.
Thorin clenched his jaw, eyes hardening as he leaped from where he stood and ran to the stairs.
Sherlock had listened intently to stories told around the fire, stories of death and dragon fire devouring everything the dwarves had ever known. Gandalf claimed the beast could possibly be dead, but Sherlock knew. He knew the beast would be alive when they arrived at the mountain. And he was sure the dear author of their story would keep them all alive. Wouldn't she?
“You have no claim on anything here,” Thorin responded.
Curious blue eyes trapped Sherlock in an intense stare as John rolled to face him. “I'm listening.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” the detective smirked. “Pleasure to meet you.”
Bilbo fidgeted, looking down as he answered. “The dwarves are... in that fountain,” he finally muttered.
Sherlock smirked with self satisfaction. “That's because it's mine.”
“Anything, Sherlock. What do you need?” The overdone concern was nauseating, but Sherlock would take it.
“We are on our way to reclaim our homeland, and we will not stand to be delayed.”
“Oh. What?” John gave Sherlock confused frown.
Sherlock grinned. “Alright. Sleep it is.” He pulled off his coat and began unbuttoning his shirt, clearly intent on joining John.
“Of course. I am quite serious, why wouldn't I be?”
“Get Bilbo!!!” John shouted, even as Thorin grabbed the hobbit by the hand and yanked him to his feet.
“Take heart, Dr. Watson. You and Sherlock may stay here as long as you like. We have already offered our hospitality to your band of dwarves, and you are welcome to stay as well. You may leave when they do, or you may stay if you so please. I leave it to you to decide.”
Sherlock looked at John, a large grin still plastered on his face. John couldn't help but to smile back, meeting those pale blue eyes.
“Oi, Bilbo!” Kili's voice perked up the hobbits ears. He and John looked over at Kili and Fili, who were grinning far to widely to be innocent.
All mistakes are mine!
* * * * *
“Best not continue on that way,” Bilbo said with a strange look on his face.
“I have great stone sense, and it tells me this is our best bet,” Thorin declared.
“I'm sorry John, I just...” Sherlock shook his head, glancing around them.
And John watched Sherlock.
John pushed his chair back and followed suit, meeting Bilbo by the fireplace.
“Apparently,” Sherlock answered with a shrug of his shoulders. Honestly, he was pretty thrilled if his first time got to be that.
Enjoy!
John shook himself, quickly averting his gaze.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but followed John's command. He had just managed to dodge a wild swing from Dwalin's war hammer, when there was a flurry of movement from in the trees.
“John.”
The pitter-patter of the thumbing rain engulfed all sound and pacing of both their heartbeats, and as if the rain was a soothing lullaby, Sherlock’s hand stroked along John’s hair and neck. Sherlock noticed that eventually John’s breathing slowed down and his sobs came down to sniffing. With the two of them in the embrace, they were left only to hear the sounds of the drumming of the rain, and for a few moments that exactly what they did. “...Do you want me to leave?” there were a few moments of silence before the faintest whisper was heard from John. “No”. He looked down below at the man and brought his hand to the side of his cheek rubbing across it and his hair slowly. With a low meek and soft voice, John spoke up.
“Of course. I would do it again.”
“If you think that was me,” Sherlock panted, “you must be dumber than you look.”
The rain let up just a touch, and the stone giants seemed to calm down a bit. They sat down beside the mountain, settling carefully into the rock.
Thorin frowned. “What was that?”
Sherlock huffed, resigned. He would have to play by the rules. Keep the tension rising until John snapped. He sat back against the back of the tub, wincing dramatically and grasping the edge of the tub roughly.
“I’m glad you like it,” John began. He cleared his throat pointedly and looked up at her, determination in his eyes. “Mary, there is something that I-” John froze as he glanced up. Did a double take over Mary’s shoulder.
“How did you do that?” a dwarf, Dori, demanded. “You are a wizard, aren't you?!”
This should not be so easy. He hadn't even used proper lubrication, but apparently, reality can be shifted for a good shag. At least in fic. Sherlock wasn't about to question it. And, judging by the way John's mouth had dropped open and he had begun panting Sherlock's name, he wasn't going to complain either. Sherlock settled back down against John's warm body and began languidly thrusting into the doctor.
“Alright then. Enlighten me,” Smaug hissed.
“Yes?” John urged.
“Oh for goodness sake, John, just open it.”
This was impossible. No matter how Sherlock looked at it, there should be no way all seventeen of them could logically manage to fit in one tree. But there they sat, waiting for the inevitable moment when they would either plummet to their death or be eaten. The tree began to fall, and the dwarves all let out screams as it jerked to a stop hanging over the edge of the cliff.
John rolled his eyes. “He was talking about his wife, is all.”
Mary smirked as she heard the shower start. She unzipped her dress and followed him into the bathroom.
Dwalin's eyes raked over the man's slender frame, and then drifted back to his pale and lovely face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh please. Tell me one I haven't heard.”
“John?”
Thorin, for his part, was carefully watchful of Bilbo. Nobody else seemed to notice, but Sherlock had caught him checking Bilbo over, mostly after a good scare, and always after they had a particularly bad spat. Honestly, they acted so much like worst enemies it was almost humorous.
“Well now,” Smaug purred in that deep rumbling voice, “what have we here?”
“I just find it annoying that with all the inability to figure out electricity or even simple hygiene, Middle Earth has indoor heated plumbing. This is absolutely ridiculous!”
Halo of pale golden light? When had his thoughts become so..... poetic? Romantic? Honestly.
John threw his hand to his mouth in an attempt to smother his loud guffaws, but Sherlock was not fooled. The corner of the detective's mouth quirked up in a grin, and he gave John a mischievous look.
Well, he had the elf there. John smirked lightly as the elf on the throne nearly shook with repressed rage. “You're going to Erebor. To claim your birthright,” Thranduil said coolly, as though his knowledge was a blow to Thorin's ego. He place his fingers together, resting his elbows on his knees and his fingertips near his chin in a very familiar position.
Thorin shook his head with a smirk. “He does not look like one I would make an enemy of.”
John shot them a deer, and once he and Sherlock had managed to convince the dwarves they weren't demons sent to kill them with their loud magic metal weapon, they settled down around the fire, sharing a meal of deer and potatoes. The dwarves were enjoying themselves, telling stories and teasing each other light heartedly as the moon steadily rose.
“Nothing. Nothing, just, pay attention. I'm sure this is important.” John returned his gaze to Thranduil, watching intently as the elf sprawled himself lazily over his throne.
John stopped, giving Sherlock that look that meant John was currently wondering if indeed his dearest friend was quite mad.
“Figure it out yet?” John asked quietly.
Purple? Hadn't it been blue?
“Someone has rigged this cave to collapse with the sliding of a lever located somewhere below.”
He hadn’t seen Sherlock since he left 221B. Sherlock’s essence didn’t haunt every corner of this unfamiliar bedsit. There were no memories leaving Sherlock’s permanent mark upon every inch of this place. It was disconcerting.
They wouldn't shut up. The red head elf had been sitting on the step next to Kili's cell for ages, and Sherlock was ready to tell her to piss off just so she would leave! He had been so close to springing them all from their cells, when the guard captain had shown up under the pretense of checking on the prisoners. Now she just couldn't bare to be pulled away from Thorin's youngest nephew, a fact the brooding king obviously found distasteful.
“Well get up or you'll be eaten by your worst nightmare!”
“How about 'you couldn't forge a spoon'.”
“So,” Bilbo began, changing the subject, “how are things with your bad mannered friend, then?”
“Run!!!” Thorin roared, nearly dragging Bilbo behind him.
“Don't think I haven't noticed you, lurking in the shadows where you think no one can see,” Sherlock said with a smirk.
“But- he was- how?”
“Sherlock,” John said in his warning tone.
Sherlock took the offered cloth, barely concealing his enjoyment at John's discomfiture. The doctor was blushing violently, struggling to keep his eyes off Sherlock for any amount of time and pointedly avoiding looking above Sherlock's knees.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow at Thorin. He wanted to tell John to come out of hiding, but he was hit with a protective urge to make sure these creatures were not hostile before John's presence became known.
Please please please let me know if you're still following this! More soon, I promise!
“Anyway, we need to get your temperature down a bit. Best you sleep in as few layers as possible,” Sherlock raised a suggestive eyebrow before turning to stoke the fire.
“Sherlock?”
With this decided, Sherlock made his way towards the house. A roar through the trees startled him, until he remembered.
“You have nice manners, for a thief,” the dragon rumbled, his voice filling the spaces the gold left empty.
(See the end of the chapter for
And how often was Sherlock incorrect?
“Honestly, it didn’t make any sense to me, but neither do most things he says.”
Sherlock dropped his pants, leaving them in a heap on the grass and lowered himself onto the coat with John. He reached around into his coat pockets, rifling and searching for something, and John was starting to feel a bit awkward.
“It’s… interesting, that’s for certain,” John stated.
“He turns into a bear, not a dog,” Thorin disagreed.
“And I'm sure she's beautiful, smart, creative....” Sherlock exchanged a knowing grin with John as the sky finally cleared, the freshly revealed sun glistening over the sheen of rain on the stone.
John stifled a giggle. The glare Sherlock threw him did nothing to help him hold in his mirth, and he snorted lightly into his hand.
What the fuck? How had time skipped so terribly? What was she doing?! Were the last chapters of this fic an absolute joke?! Sherlock shook his head.
Thorin Oakenshield always came with a roar.
Tauriel moved quickly to Kili's side, placing one hand on his forehead and one on his wrist. “Yes.” She looked around the room. John, Sherlock, Fili, Oin, Bofur, Tilda, and Sigrid all stood around the table, looking to Tauriel for direction. “Hold him down.”
Thorin scowled before lunging at Sherlock.
It had been three more months. Six months since Sherlock’s death, and John had finally decided to try. He put on his shoes and threw on a jacket, no destination in mind other than “out”. He walked down the stairs and let himself out into the cold morning air. He wandered without thought for several hours, realizing part way in he was revisiting all the notable places he and Sherlock had investigated cases together.
Sherlock's eyes were wide, his jaw working to find words as his brain stumbled and seemed to short circuit. “Love?”
They sat in silence for a bit, each lost in his own thoughts.
“Secret meeting.” He looked at John, brows furrowing. “The dwarves are leaving.” It wasn't a question. Without another word, he turned on his heel and sped down the corridor, John hurrying to catch up.
Sherlock followed Nori's gaze to where Thorin was strolling through the moonlit garden, Bilbo's hand in the crook of his elbow. Sherlock frowned. “How did he do that?”
Ah yes, Middle Earth. What living nightmare had he been thrust into this time? He hadn't been so covered in sheer material since he had taken dance classes when he was...
“I am a hobbit, Mr. Holmes. Bilbo Baggins is my name. You'll find that, should the rest of these miscreants prove to be too much, I make much more sensible company.”
Ugh. How cliché. But true. He did. Sherlock loved John. Perhaps he should actually try making John happy, and find out what he needed.
John pulled away from where he had been nibbling on her shoulder and looked around in irritation. “I sleep downstairs.” He went back to his task and huffed when she pushed him away.
“You had to appear to be grieving. I couldn’t somehow let you know and risk your giving it away. I couldn’t risk your life that way, John! And honestly, you’re not the best actor.”
“John! John, shoot the top of the cavern! There! Where that stalactite juts down!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh come now, John. You've spent the majority of your time since we entered this forest pondering your feelings for me.”
“You should be thrilled he’s alive,” Mary chided as she set her heels delicately in the closet.
“What is that?” John eyed the bottle suspiciously.
“What does that even-?”
“In the guest room? Why would you use the guest room in your own flat? Or is this the guest room? Do you have a flat mate?”
It was utterly ridiculous.
John!
“What's so funny?” Sherlock demanded in a whisper.
“You think it will?” Sherlock asked, not at all doubting the odds of something else crazy happening.
“You are about to meet your end,” Sherlock declared.
Damn this pining slow/burn bull shit!
Sherlock furrowed his brow for a moment. When had he gotten his hair wet? Was that really necessary? He schooled his features. No matter. The only thing he should be focusing on now was John. He brought his hands up hesitantly to take John's face in his hands. When there was no protest, he leaned in, stopping when he could feel John's breath whisper over his lips. It was now or never. He closed the distance, pressing their mouths together in a heated kiss, slow but deep.
“You believe I wish to stop you,” he stated simply. “My friend and I have come to this land by mistake.”
“Spring. Favorite beverage?”
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said softly. Then he leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's cheek and turned quickly to join the rest of the group. Sherlock pressed his fingers to the spot where John's lips had touched his skin. Like some idiotic smitten hero in a rom-com. But he couldn't find it in himself to care. It was nice to be the object of John's appreciation. Perhaps he could manage to win John over without being a romantic sap.
John didn't like the master. He was a villain, a horrible excuse for a man.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the large dwarf. Interesting. Side character, usually with little or no lines, and yet here he sat, bantering with John. Funny, when inside his head, Sherlock couldn't follow the thread of the conversation, of course because it couldn't be written within a monologue of his mental notes. Which brought him to his next question. Why was Bombur sitting with them? Was he to learn something from this usually quiet dwarf? What was the author's purpose in bringing him to sit with Sherlock and John? Perhaps he should listen in.
Thorin shifted uncomfortably. “You are no enemy of dwarves.”
Sherlock grinned and rolled his hips a few times, before picking up pace as he watched the admiration in John's eyes grow. John's hands were everywhere; sweeping over the expanse of Sherlock's back, reaching down to palm at his firm backside, running up and down his arms and sides, burying themselves in his hair and trailing down his neck. Every touch lit a spark of fire under Sherlock's skin, building into a rushing crescendo until he found himself unable to hold back. His hips picked up their pace, rolling and jerking beyond his control.
“We’re just getting all the mistakes out, now, that’s all.  Right, John?  Sherlock?”  Greg was sitting with his head in his hands after the rehearsal.  John and Sherlock were double checking the props table was set ready for the first actual show tomorrow; Sherlock not being prepared to leave anything in Anderson’s hands.
“Amazing.  You truly are astounding, Sherlock.  To have realised what was going on just from the sound of a bullet; well, it’s a good job you’re so astute, just imagine what could have happened otherwise.”
“Well, yes, but you have to admit ladies would be the more traditional option.”
“Where do you think they got the idea?”
John blushed a deep red.  “Oh, um, sorry about that.  I didn’t know you saw me.”
“How about truth or dare?”
John smiled fondly at him.  “Thank you for your diligence, though you know that is sort of their job.”
“Get to Dojran Lake.  It is on the main road leading south from where you are.  The lake is divided between both countries – I’ll get an amphibious aircraft to land there and take you to the nearest base where I can arrange for a jet to bring you home.”
"I thought so, too.  Maybe we can try it again over the holidays?"
“We could go and get some fresh air if you wished to avoid going back over to her for the moment.”
"Piss off."
"A Colonel, I knew it, John."  He shared a quick grin with John then turned back to Charles.  "Do you have an address on his membership application?"
They agreed that it would be best if John was there first and already comfortably in place when Moran arrived as that would look less suspicious than having him suddenly turn up and happen to spot Moran.  The manager of the casino had been contacted and had agreed that a couple of Mycroft’s team could be interposed in with his staff for the evening and that they could use his own surveillance room as a base from where to access all the casino cameras.  They would also have agents outside each exit in case a pursuit was necessary.  Mycroft gave John a considerable amount of money with which to obtain his chips and sent him on his way with a final warning.
“Can you remember anything else about him – did they mention a name?”
“Come over here then.  If you don’t want anything else then I don’t want to move.  You made me feel fantastic and now I just want to lie here with you and fall asleep.”
“You must have bitten people before though, how have I never heard about that?”
Sherlock knew that John was unlikely to choose himself on the next go or even the next several goes after that so he resigned himself to a slow undressing but at least he would have the pleasure of looking at John’s chest whilst he did it.
John was so turned on, now, that he had to get in on the action, too.  He pushed his lower body forwards and moved his hands to encircle both of their cocks, using the bubbles to help them slide smoothly against one another.  Sherlock’s head gave an audible clunk as it fell back against the wall and he groaned deeply.  John grinned and pulled Sherlock’s legs open a little, to lower him down so that they were nicely lined up in his hands.  Sherlock placed his own hands around John’s and they stroked together, with John giving little pushes of his pelvis to keep himself pressed tightly against Sherlock.
“Lestrade is certainly the best of a bad lot and possesses a modicum of intelligence.”
“The hurry, John, is that you have just offered me a re-enactment and I wish to accept that offer immediately.  Now, get your arse into the car before I have to carry you.”
John went over to Sherlock’s mother, his hand outstretched.  She stood to greet him as he shook her hand and he could see that she had the same innate gracefulness as Sherlock, and was certainly far taller than John himself.
“Then why am I still being side-lined?  Sherlock shouldn’t be out there on his own.  I can help him; I should have been helping him already.”
"I just can't... I can't get my head around it.  Am I really a vampire?"
“Only two permanent staff, gosh, how do you cope?”
Mary held up her hand.  “John, you don’t have to say anything.  I just hope that, someday, someone looks at me the way you two look at each other.  Now get yourself across the room before I have to drag you over there myself.”
“What?  Not again.  The paramedics should be here soon, as well as the rest of my team.  I cuffed the guy groaning in the garden outside.  Was that your handiwork?”
“Obvious.  Now, get yourself up here, John, I believe a promise was made for dopamine release.”
“He wasn’ though, was he.”
“I like it, believe me, I like it.”
“Having an orgasm now sounds good, John, but you appear to still be wearing too many clothes for that to happen.”
John and Mycroft listened to the update, faces growing grimmer by the minute.
“I notice everything.”
“Well, no, but you are certainly opening up new avenues of possibilities.  I can see that I’m going to have do some serious research to keep up with you.  How delightful.”
“Do you imagine for one minute that I would allow something with which I am not comfortable?  You know me, John; you know that I know my own mind.  Now, stop messing about and get ready for bed and get in here.”
“Oh that’s good work, very thorough, thank you.  Would you like me to have Anderson help you go through the prop store and find everything we’ll need?”
“Good morning, John.  I trust you slept well.”
John and Sherlock took the opportunity to reconnect with each other whilst they gave Greg a chance to recover.  They were quickly kissing and stripping in their haste to return to their friend.  Greg came back to himself to the sight of the pair of them peeling off their last pieces of clothing and holding each other close as they kissed.  Greg was at the perfect height for a delicious view of their cocks brushing against each other.
Simon's eyes shot quickly to John's face then away just as fast, and he cleared his throat and tried again.
John pushed twice more inside Greg and came deeply, pushing Greg forward into Sherlock once more, brushing their cocks together.  Sherlock used the extra lubrication on his hands and brought himself off as he and John took a couple more draughts from Greg then licked his neck and sealed his wounds.  They collapsed back on the bed on either side of Greg, catching unnecessary, but somehow still needed, breaths.
“Perhaps we might adjourn to your room for the remainder of the night”
Nothing I Want More
“Sherlock!  Don’t talk about people like that.”
“Billy.  I’m sorry; I’m being a bit thick here.”  John licked his lip and gave that little half smile that would have told anyone who knew that he was anything but happy.  “Could you just run through the whole plan for me so I can make sure we’re on the same page?”
“You wouldn’t!”
John saw the way everyone looked at Sherlock, they seemed to be drawn to him whether they wanted to be or not.  There were two sorts of looks he usually got.  There were the irritated glares from the people he worked with and insulted on a regular basis - Mrs Hudson, Lestrade and Molly being the rare exceptions to that list; even when he was being vile to these people they all had trouble dragging their eyes away from him.
“My dad has an old set of skis in the attic which belonged to my granddad.  I could get my mum to send them in if you need them?”
“How do you feel about him?  You have said that he was always decrying any involvement, but you didn’t say what you said in that situation.”
“John!”
"I'm sorry, John.  I took it too far.  I was trying not to disturb you as you were asleep, then my own enthusiasm got away from me and I couldn't stop myself."
That was a massive understatement as it turned out.  The field had been ploughed but the soil was very hard this late into winter and one of the front wheel struts made a very unpleasant sound as it made contact with a particularly solid clump.
“Me, too,” Sherlock added quietly.
"That's enough, please, Sherlock.  I just need you, please."
Matthew shook his head to clear his thoughts and recalled where he had been in the conversation.  He went back a couple of lines to a clear starting point and started back in; urging Jasmine with his eyes to play along with him.  Jasmine coughed and quickly joined in, and soon everything was back on course.
He was leaning with his back against an alley wall, catching his breath after fleeing the scene of the final takedown in Macedonia.  He had almost been caught by the Interpol team who had arrived quicker than expected after his anonymous tip-off.  He had no wish to be swept up in interrogations or wrapped in infernal red tape which would necessitate a call to his brother for extrication so he had legged it.  He couldn’t tolerate an even longer delay until he could return home.  The longings caused by his absence from London were bad enough, but they paled in comparison to the longings for the one who mattered most – for him – for John.
On the next right answer he didn't lean in to kiss John, he pulled back and John's face fell.
“Me, too.”
“You’re quite right, John, there isn’t an awful lot about this situation that I like at all.”
“You liar.  You’d be in front of the first mirror you found, checking the bruises for lividity and healing times and patterns.”  John opened one eye and grinned at him, then winced as the motion split his lip open again.
The recording stopped and Sherlock felt tears sting his eyes.  No, John.  No, that wasn’t right.  John hadn’t wronged him.  He was always enough.  He did everything that was ever asked of him.  What had happened wasn’t his fault at all, didn’t he realise that?
"I can hear some people making their way over from the hall.  The dance has obviously finished."
“Yes, it always feels like that.  I know when Sherlock first bit me at the moment of climax it just made it seem to last forever and it was like my whole body was feeling it.  I’m just sorry I didn’t get to lead you through your first experience with it; I’m afraid I was rather preoccupied at the time.”  John laughed and Greg joined in shyly.
“My face is aching.  If I’d had to smile at one more obnoxious half-wit I’d have exploded.”
With that, John heard the phone being slammed down and the dialling tone ringing in his ear.  He shook his head in fond exasperation and grinned as he put the phone down.  “Goodbye to you, too, Sherlock”, he muttered to himself as he went upstairs to get changed.
“Oh look, Sherlock.”  As he said it he stepped to the left, capturing Sherlock’s full attention, then bent gracefully at the waist, right down to the ground, waving his arse in the air whilst he picked up a couple of small rocks.  He got up and spun around on the spot to see Sherlock’s mouth clicking shut as he quickly closed it, blinking his eyes to disguise the dilating pupils.
The day before Valentine’s Day, in Sherlock’s thirteenth year, found him moping around the kitchen, sighing over Mrs Hudson’s baking.   John had been selected as one of a group of ten students and three teachers to go to a school in the Scottish Highlands to exchange teaching methods and training techniques between urban and rural schools as part of a new programme to improve the standards of GCSE’s.  He’d been gone for two weeks already and had another two to go and Sherlock had been bored on the very first day.
"John!"
John reached down and unzipped Sherlock’s trousers.  He pulled aside the boxers and took hold of Sherlock’s cock.  They both groaned.  John slid his fingers down the shaft and squeezed the head as he came back up.  Sherlock had to touch John right now.  He almost popped the button off as he yanked at John’s trousers, quickly pulling down the zip and lifting John free of the material.  He stroked his finger around the head of John’s cock and along the slit, picking up the little droplet of pre-come that had gathered there.  He brought his finger to his lips and sucked it in and John groaned at the look on Sherlock’s face.
“It’s yours.  It’s always been yours.  Now get down and here and give me a kiss, you big dope.”
That didn’t stop him using his imaginary John as his sounding board when he was making any plans or talking through his ideas though.  The absence of a real John or even the skull on the mantle meant he had to bounce his ideas off someone even if that person was only in his head.  Sherlock could picture him so vividly that it was easy to conjure a comment John would likely have made or a warning he would have issued when going in to a dangerous situation.  Now he was through with all that, though, and all he wanted was the real thing.
Whatever or whenever Sherlock text him, he would be there.  Even for ridiculous things like passing him his phone from the inside pocket of the jacket he was actually wearing!  He thought even Sherlock had seemed to regret calling him for that one after the roasting John had given him.  He had been at Twickenham just as the rugby final had been nearing the end and it had been a tie as he’d left and he’d missed seeing England win by scoring a try in the very last minute.  I mean who gave up something like that for a person about whom they were supposedly indifferent.
“You really don’t have to.”
Damn!  He was busted.  He’d better go out to face the music, though he didn’t recall the caretaker’s voice sounding quite so pleasant previously.  He came out from his hiding place, readying his excuses, and was halted in his tracks when he saw whom it was that was standing in front of him.
“Which hospital are you taking him to, I’ll follow you there?”
“Hi.”
The kitchen showed the most difference as he could actually see counter space and the table was clear and scrubbed clinically clean.  John had obviously taken the opportunity to sterilise everything and doubtlessly removed any body parts from the freezer and probably the mould experiment Sherlock had been running under the sink too.  He had a quick look – yes, spotless in there, too.  Disappointing, but he could surely start another one as long as he didn’t find himself homeless again after this afternoon’s reunion.
“Party?”
Last year had completely gone to pot for John because he had been shot and still recovering from fever in the hospital in Kandahar so obviously hadn’t made it back in time.  A couple of the lads who had been based at home had popped in to see him when he’d been transferred back to the UK for his recuperation but it wasn’t the same.  He’d been in pain and depressed, thinking of the empty future ahead of him and not very receptive to visitors.  So this year he’d been really looking forward to seeing everyone and bragging about his new life with his Consulting Detective.
As it was approaching midnight, however, John could tell that Sherlock was nearing his limit.  He had been pleasant for far too long and, if he was pushed much further, he would surely snap and deduce the life out of whoever was unfortunate enough to be in front of him.  John led him over towards his mother so they could say their good-nights.
“You can have it all the time.  As long as whoever is being bitten has had some blood before we start we can take what we like.”
John laughed, “I was saying ‘don’t come’.  Just the sight of you in front of me and the feel of your tongue against my cock is driving me nuts.  I’m trying not to come before we even get started.”
“In certain circumstances I might agree with you, and I definitely won’t argue with you about wanting to take things further because that’s a given.  You are, however, still recovering from major, life-threatening injuries so, in this instance, I’m going to insist that we take things slowly until you are at full strength.”  Sherlock groaned as John continued.  “I would never forgive myself if we put back your recovery because I couldn’t rein in my desires.”
“John, would you care to dance?”
The final part so now for some good stuff.  Greg comes back to give them his answer and then the fun begins.  Hope you enjoy.
John shook his head.  He moved his hands to cup Sherlock’s cheeks and held him still for a moment, looking into Sherlock’s eyes.  He leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s lips before resting their foreheads together.
“To what exactly are you referring, John?”
Sherlock sat very still on the sofa, processing everything he was experiencing and feeling, and just allowing John to sleep to recover from his injuries.  Injuries which, he had to remind himself, John wouldn’t have had to suffer if he wasn’t friends with Sherlock Holmes.  When Sherlock had mentioned that topic earlier, though, John had quite clearly stated that being without Sherlock was an alternative he did not wish to consider.  Was that not a statement to contemplate in its own right – John considered being injured a minor inconvenience compared to being Sherlock’s friend.
“It’s looking good, that varnish has brought the wood up a treat.  Are you ready to fix everything in now?”
“You want me to rate my squealing?”
“Now I know it must be real… I’d never tell myself… that Mycroft is reassuring.”
John didn’t share any lessons with the other student, obviously, or he would have known who he was.  He always kept a look out for him when he was walking around the university, though, just in case he spotted him and could work out something more about him.
Seeing your face that first day when you met me at the station was so exciting and exceeded all expectations.  You were just perfect and meeting you in person was even better than the thrill on first getting to hear your sultry, honey-toned voice when I rang you to confirm what time my train was arriving.
“You sit right behind me in our form room; it wasn’t exactly hard to work out.”
"Well, Charles, thank you, and yourself?"
Mycroft tilted his head and tapped his nose once.
They wandered back to their blanket and John got out their picnic lunch and made sure Sherlock ate enough of it to keep them both happy.  John repositioned the parasol to keep them out of the direct sun and they leaned back to relax a while before they attempted the return journey.
He didn’t really get visitors any more.  Greg had been round a few times not long after, but John’s lack of response to anything he said soon soured any communication and he hadn’t been over for the last few weeks.  Mrs Hudson was the only person he saw on a regular basis and he didn’t really pay attention to her as she shuffled from room to room; cleaning and tidying up a bit – except ‘that’ chair, of course, never that chair.
“That’s what you were going to ask me, wasn’t it?  I knew that was it.  Well, it may be ten years later than expected but what’s to stop you?”
They grinned at each other and Sherlock opened the door and gestured for John to precede him through.  They made their way down to the ballroom where everyone was gathering for the party.  Mummy saw them as they came in and rushed over.
Molly had quite a crush on Mike but because they had all been friends for so long it seemed that she didn’t know how to act on it as Mike treated her as he did all the others; just like one of the gang.  Sherlock, coming in fresh to things and, of course, with his own skills of observation could see it quite clearly so he asked John about it as he knew more how Mike was likely to react.
By the time thirty minutes had gone by with no sign of another bus he didn’t think he could get much wetter.  He was wrong.  As he finally saw another bus heading towards him from the end of the road he stepped forward towards the edge of the kerb to put his arm out.  A passing Porsche sped right by him, straight through the middle of a huge puddle, sending a spray of water up as high as John’s head, covering him completely and leaving him standing in a pool of water looking as if he’d just stepped out of the shower.  The spray had gone down the front of his coat and he could feel his scrub top sticking to his chest.  There had been so much of it that it had even slid down into the top of his trousers and his pants felt as if he had had an unpleasant accident; he was completely soaked through.
“That’s for me to know and for you to find out, isn’t it,” John laughed and waggled his eyebrows.  “So do you agree to relinquish control?  I’ll ask you before I do anything new and I won’t do anything to which you seriously object.”
It appeared Mycroft had everything in hand as General and Mrs Harmon were being very quietly escorted out through a side door of the ballroom by another pair in black suits.  Mycroft nodded towards Sherlock and all four of them made their way back to their table where a new round of drinks were just being laid down in their previous places.  John took a sip of his drink then grinned at Sherlock next to him.
"I hoped you'd say that.  We've got some clothes and boots here in the tack room that you can use, and I left some of mine down here ready, just in case.  I'll have Toby saddle up Mystery.  What sort of horse would you like, John?  You did say you'd ridden before, didn't you?"
He texted Sherlock to let him know where he was, and got an instant reply back that they were on their way to the station.  This was followed by several rapid texts about the onerous nature of his journey, as he was having to share it with Mycroft.  At least, he had been spared the presence of any of the cousins, as they had been reunited with their parents that morning.  They had been nauseatingly catching up as he ducked out to wait in the car for Mycroft to finish one of his interminable phone calls with his office.
John shuffled up the bed a bit ‘til his back was half resting against the headboard and pillows.  He pulled Sherlock up so he was lying with his back against John’s chest, his head resting comfortably on John’s shoulder.  Sherlock held on to the script so they could both see it as necessary, his other arm stroking smoothly along John’s thigh.  John had one arm resting around Sherlock’s chest and the other ruffling through his curls.  He loved the feel of Sherlock’s hair and, by a happy circumstance, Sherlock had found there was nothing he liked more than the feel of fingers gently massaging his head, releasing all the tension usually contained within.
“It’s important to me that you came back at all and I would be more than happy if you never went away again.”
The film had finished so Sherlock turned his head up to look at John.  The movement woke John up and he tried to look as if he hadn’t been dozing off.  Sherlock smiled up at him, fondly; politely not calling his bluff.
Mycroft had called in a top-flight orthopaedic specialist who was going to work on his fingers as he knew Sherlock would make everyone’s life hell if he didn’t have full mobility.  Whilst that was being done, a plastic surgeon was going to sew up his leg wound.  John knew Sherlock wouldn’t be bothered by scars, but he appreciated the effort to which Mycroft had gone in getting the very best.
“I was just going to ask Gregory, myself.”  Mycroft stood up and smiled at Greg who nodded and took the hand extended towards him, shrugging a 'sorry' at John as they moved on to the dance floor.
“I’m happy to furnish your introduction to the good stuff.”  John grinned at Sherlock as they savoured a few more sips.
“Of course, I’d be happy to put myself into your hands at a future date.  As long as rules were put in place about me not becoming an experiment.”
Refreshments were served in the interval with drinks and cakes (Mycroft was pleased to see that Sherlock hadn’t been merely teasing about that) available for the audience.  There was also a table of refreshments for the cast and crew in the green room, so that they could also take a quick break and revive themselves.
“Hmm, one of the techs was called Nigel Anthony Smart.  I’ll text Lestrade and ask him to look into him first.”  Sherlock’s fingers were soon whizzing across his phone keypad as he passed on the information.
Sherlock crawled up the bed towards John, looking exactly like a panther on the prowl with his dark hair and low slung back and hips, his eyes fixed on to John’s.  As he got right up to him, he put his hand behind John’s head and pulled him in close for a deep kiss, desperate to taste John once again.  He trailed his tongue through John’s mouth, reaching every part and noting everything; storing it for later perusal in his mind palace.  He really wanted to take his time and map John’s whole body; seeing which were his most sensitive areas and what turned him on the most, compiling all the data possible as he didn’t want to miss a thing; but he knew that would have to wait for another time.  Right now he wanted John’s cock in his mouth and nothing was going to deter him.
“I can assure you that if the need arises it would be very appropriate.”
“Are you sure?  Because right now it seems to be blurting out whatever it feels like.”
“Well, we’ll see about that, shall we?”
“John, you feel amazing; so hot.  I don’t think I can wait.”
"Only if I can't find a better alternative."  John winked lasciviously at Sherlock who blushed and laughed.  "So, tell me a bit about yourself.  I'm afraid I don't have the same skills to know everything just by looking at you."
“You’re driving me crazy.”
"A brandy for your nerves and some tea to replace your fluids.  Which would you like first?"
“John, listen to me.  You’ve been dead for 24 hours.  You have no pulse and no breath and no heart beat and the burning in your throat is because you need to feed; you need blood.”
The dwarves all looked at Sherlock as though he had grown three heads.
Gandalf smirked to himself, trying to disguise his laughter as a coughing fit.
John didn't answer. Instead, he stormed passed Sherlock determinedly, exiting the water and taking up his clothes. He pulled on pants and trousers, then turned and leveled Sherlock with an furious glare. “You- you absolute bloody arsehole!”
Let me know how you're liking is so far!
“Sherlock!” John grabbed the detective's arm, looking pointedly at the dwarves around them.
The pack of orc riders flew through the trees, kicking up rock and dirt in their wake. Excited growling and fierce snarls could be heard all the way at the top branches, where Sherlock, John, and the company now found themselves trapped.
“Oh,” John blushed again. He hadn't been aware Sherlock could sound so lovely, so vulnerable, nearly begging. His heart sped up a bit as he wondered what Sherlock would sound like begging in earnest. Oh, how beautiful would it be to have the tall beautiful man beneath him, writhing and pleading and-
“I think we’re the same person,” Bilbo answered for John.
The pair stumbled over discarded clothing and half empty take away boxes and she flicked on the light and now she was looking around with confusion.
“Sherlock!!!” John smacked the man's cheek lightly. Sherlock blinked rapidly, finally seeming to snap out of it. “Arachnophobia? You?”
The detective looked to the left where John was attempting to disentangle himself from a bush.
“Excuse me, John. I need to think.”
Sherlock groaned in annoyance. “Should've counted on that. Rookie mistake. Of course the little hobbit would want to save his would be lover. Dammit!”
John's eyes widened and he gave Sherlock a look of uncertainty, crossing his arms in front of him. He looked back at Bilbo and mentally shook himself.
“Just passing through,” Balin answered from Thorin's right.
“What, Kili and Fili?” Bilbo shook his head with a grin. “No. They're just boys, by all rights. It's just a bit of fun. They mean no harm. Better they are laughing at my expense than fretting over entering the forest tomorrow like the rest of them are.”
Bilbo crawled up between John’s legs and coated his fingers with oil. He reached down and slowly massaged his finger around John’s entrance. Slowly, he pressed the digit in, feeling both the tight heat of John’s body, and the feeling of intrusion on his own body. He slowly moved his finger in and out until he felt he could add another. Carefully, he added the second finger, shifting and squirming nearly as much as John squirmed beneath him. After a few moments, he decided it was good enough. He thought it was fair for him to make that assumption, as he seemed to be sharing John’s experience in the entire situation. He slicked his cock, lined himself up, and pressed inside.
“Elves!” Thorin's voice was frantic, as though he were threatened by the mere presence of elves in their midst. Sherlock couldn't find anything within him but relief. The elves made quick work of the remaining spiders, wiping them out and chasing the few left off into the darkness of the trees.
Bilbo’s eyes widened in surprise, as did John’s. They both pulled out of the kiss, giving each other bewildered looks. They stood for a few moments, simply staring at each other, then they both moved in tandem, nipping at lips, pulling at clothes, each sensation shared between them in a most peculiar way. It felt as though they were touching themselves, the feeling so unique and new they got swept up in it, and before they knew it they were naked, splayed out on Bilbo’s bed and touching every inch of each other.
Where had his pants gone? Fuck, who cared? This was what all the build up had been for. This was why there was so much miscommunication, why pining existed. This was exquisite! Who knew that he could feel this way? Even if it was only because it was written to be so. Sherlock couldn't bring himself to care. Everything felt amazing.
He licked his dry lips. “Da’s sick.”
“I don’t know that I’d care, if Da didn’t,” John admitted quietly.
, little brother. For a purpose, one presumes.”
“You’re overreacting—”
He was so damn tired, and so very alone.
“I thought... well, I was thinking of joining the army. The Medical Corps.”
“Yeah,” Helen nodded. “She’s from some rotten little village in Northern Ireland. Never could’ve afforded it, otherwise.”
Sherlock blinked hard and cleared his throat. “Of course.”
“Went to her place and showered,” Harry replied, looking smug.
. Everyone says it’s unmistakable. No matter how many ‘John’s there are in the world, only one will ever be the
“She’s not suicidal.” Sherlock couldn’t begin to understand Eurus’s motivations, but he knew she did not wish to die. She would never let the world off so easily.
“Don’t stop. Please.
John wasn’t made for killing, but he knew how to hit back.
His navy-blue eyes on John’s while he laughed.
He was going to be sick.
“Even if the fag-haters don’t string you up, they’ll still be shooting at you,” Harry murmured, still looking down.
“’S no excuse,” John mumbled.
“Thank you,” Mycroft nodded. “I know how greatly you dislike it.”
“John. We’re just two blokes getting off.” John shook his head a little, but James grabbed his chin with his clean hand and held it steady. “It’s just getting off. We’re mates, and we trust each other, and we didn’t want to be alone. That’s all this is. Calm the fuck down.”
“It’s—the name, darling. It’s—”
The Captain wasn’t like that at all. He held himself apart from his men, and even from his fellow commanders. At first John thought it was an overdeveloped sense of propriety, but that theory went up in smoke the first time John saw him stalk naked from his bunk to the showers and back again. James was just... surly. Hard to crack. He didn’t suffer fools well, and he thought nearly everyone was a fool. It should’ve been off-putting—it was, to most people—but John had a talent for drawing out the most irascible men. He
He wondered, idly, if it was disrespectful to pray. John didn’t believe in God. John Watson didn’t believe in much of anything.
Sherlock turned back with a scowl. His book bag banged against the outside of his hip.
That surprised a laugh out of Clara. “No, God, can you imagine?”
“My finger,” he sobbed. “I don’t want it. Make it stop!”
, John.”
John sent Mike a significant glance, and then looked down at his feet. “Afghanistan.” (
them. They were challenging, and John Watson never turned down a challenge.
“Sherlock? Are you coming down? Call Sebastian. Don’t let yourself crash and forget to pack your things.” When Sherlock didn’t reply, Victor’s tone changed to one of sharp command. “Sherlock! Stop that at once! Take your goddamn medicine!”
Sherlock closed his eyes, resting his head against the back of the sofa. It would be so easy—taking Mycroft’s help. Going into treatment. Bluffing his way through the 90 days, and then back into his brother’s London townhouse. Stealing money or valuables to get the high that he needed. Hiding the habit as long as he could. Sherlock had done it all before.
Harry’s eyes flew wide. “
“Sure. Best friend. Maybe he’ll be rich enough to buy us a motorbike to share.”
John flinched, and kicked Harry hard enough to send her off the bed and onto the floor. She scowled at him, and then reached up to pinch his thigh.
Helen started to wriggle beneath him, desperately, and John moved. The pace was hard and steady and
Harry repeated the letters quietly, the way she did any time she was memorizing the look of something instead of really reading. “What’s it spell?”
“Sherlock. That’s how Mum says it, anyway.”
“No!” He could hear Mycroft draw another breath, but Sherlock cut him off: “Whatever you’ve called to tell me,
Sherlock’s razor-sharp tongue saved him from the worst public school boys had to offer, but only barely. And only because now, at age 21, Mycroft Holmes’s name already had an aura of worrisome power behind it. He’d been head boy during his time at Charterhouse, and that wasn’t something people forgot. Like Sherlock, he’d come to school early. Unlike Sherlock, Mycroft had done so with quiet mastery—a skill that ensured his peers both respected and feared him. His name protected his younger brother from the kind of harm you couldn’t heal. Sherlock hated him for it.
to Sherlock. He wasn’t exactly sure what yet.
Sherlock tried to jeer, but it came out like a moan. Everything hurt.
. He just wanted it to stop burning. “Come into the washroom, and we’ll run it under some cold water. I will go and wake your parents.”
The phone call was undeniably lowering. Even the dial tone seemed to echo with disapproval. Sherlock had tried to find a way through this complete catastrophe of a situation without making the call, but... well, if there was a solution, Sherlock couldn’t see it. And Sherlock Holmes could see everything.
“There’s no law against it,” John argued very softly, feeling his muscles quiver with tension. “Long as you keep yourself to yourself, people with names like mine still serve. It’s nobody else’s business.”
“They were on Top of the Pops last month!”
It was Harry’s turn to slap John. “He’s not!”
Except, he didn't. He
. But today, something did. Something happened.
“Hmm,” Harry mused, climbing back onto the bed.
“Mycroft Holmes.” Mummy clenched her jaw. “Eurus is our daughter. We are not leaving her alone in that—that
“Helios and I will be back in London at the end of the week. I need you gone by then.”
“Yes,” Mycroft agreed.
“Oh please,” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Imprecise. And melodramatic, even for you.”
Helen stiffened. Her eyes squeezed shut and her neck strained. She was shaking. John reached between their bodies, still pumping inside her, and sought out the clitoris. The little button of tissue was firm and full beneath his fingertip, and a few solid strokes was enough to tip his partner over the edge.
John knew the type. He had a teacher at school with another man’s name on his hand.
“I think you will,” Victor ruminated, pulling Sherlock’s hand up to his mouth. He pressed a lingering kiss into the back of it. “I think you’ll jump at the chance.”
Sherlock looked down. The sharp lines of text were still angry, but the name was short and simple enough to read. In English, too, which was never guaranteed.
“The hospital wants to commit her.”
“I need the results before breakfast tomorrow,” Ulysses commanded. Was he being deliberately obtuse, or was he really that dense? Sherlock sighed.
His sister slid inside very quietly, closing John’s bedroom door. She took note of the new pin-up John had taped to the inside—black hair, big breasts, very short skirt—and shot him a sly grin. He scowled back.
“The name is
. Oh Mary fucking Mother of God, it
“No,” Mycroft replied. Sherlock could
“Not sure it’s in the cards for us,” Clara shrugged.
Watson.”
Harry’s face was going red. “That is the
“Well, his best isn’t very good, then, is it?” Mummy sniffed. Father took her arm, but he shot Mycroft a loaded glance as they left the dining room together.
against the door.
“What is the name?” Sherlock asked. His stomach felt sick and his head ached.
I think it's important to understand the culture in which John Watson and Sherlock Holmes came of age. Homophobia was thoroughly systemic throughout the 1980's and 90's. Gay and lesbian people could not serve openly in the UK military until 2000. The legal age of consent for sexual acts between two men was older than the rest of population until 2001. The progress in recent decades has been incredible. Today, LGBTQA+ people in the UK receive Europe's best legal and social protections, and the UK boasts the most out LGBTQA+ politicians in the world.
John shrugged. “He’ll be letdown.”
. Though, there’s always the registry. Name like that can’t be hard to find.”
kind.”
“Mummy will never agree, if I ask,” Mycroft said, still with closed eyes.
“Are you glad you came?” Victor asked, once they reached the brick steps.
“Okay.”
, to rot.”
“I had considered keeping this information to myself—”
John buttoned himself into a blue plaid shirt, and tucked it neatly into dark denims. Harry always ribbed him about tucking his shirts, but it just felt...
I told you the truth, Ella:
There wasn’t much else to learn at Charterhouse. It’d been a sorry excuse for an education, really. Sherlock would be glad to leave it at the end of the Cricket Quarter.
. And we all must think of what is best for the entire family.”
“I really think it’s best—”
“I want you to come, John,” James was grunting into his ear. “I want to
, don’t write your number on the cup! I’m a lezzie. You’d have better luck with my brother.”
“It’s all right, John,” the taller man breathed, his other hand pressing hard on John’s neck. “It’s not a gay thing. Not really. Sometimes a bloke just has to... get off, you know? Gets boring wanking by yourself in your bunk, day after day.”
“She likes you. You can’t control a thing like that. Well, we mere mortals can’t, can we?” Lestrade rubbed his hands together and blew hot breath into his fist. “’Suppose you’ve never suffered from anything as pedestrian as an innocent
“Problem?”
. Male soulnames. That Gay Slayer—what’s-his-face Ireland—was killing poofters like it was his job, and they’re never going to convict him—”
“Oh my,” Mummy cried, clasping a hand to her mouth. “I apologize. I was quite carried away, wasn’t I?”
John was distantly aware that he was in pain. A lot of pain. He’d gone unpleasantly numb, though, and quite cold. The sun beating down on him did nothing to stop his shivering. He could still hear the firefight, but it was a distant sort of thing. It didn’t matter. John was a
“Jesus, I hate this song.”
“Those meetings...” Sherlock murmured. “Anthea said, ‘during those meetings.’ What
It was a solid hit. Sherlock couldn’t help his tiny, squint-eyed smile.
Thirty-six. Jesus Christ.
“Okay...” Molly muttered a bit sadly, making herself scarce.
Two quick knocks, which meant Mike Stamford had returned to the lab after the morning’s consultation. Unexpected. Forgot something? Mike was a competent surgeon, but less familiar with the kind of violent deaths Sherlock’s work provided. Possible he looked up the answer to that question about the fingernails.
“I worry,” Mycroft remarked, almost idly.
Eurus. Of all people.”
“Yes. And the world’s starting to loosen up—make allowances for people like us.” John choked back a little cough, thinking (guiltily) of James, and his talk of children, and the woman’s name waiting there on his left hand. The woman who wrote to him nearly every day.
“You probably saw that coming,” he said, blowing white smoke through his teeth. “I didn’t. Stupid, yeah, okay, I’m a right moron. She’s never been what you might call
. “We’ll meet there tomorrow evening, seven o’clock.” He met John’s eyes—dark, yes, but an unusual deep blue, beautiful, golden eyelashes—and barreled on. “Sorry. Got to dash. I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
“Get him stable. We’ve got evac inbound,” Lance Corporal Han barked down the line.
He did. He always did. “Sure, Mum.”
Now it was John, blinking back tears and sniffing self-consciously. “Don’t be daft. I won’t take your money.”
“You’re not a good judge of that sort of thing, are you?” Da’s voice took on a dangerous edge. Mum’s face pulled thin and tight, like a rubber band—dangerously taut, stretched near to breaking. John shifted his weight to both feet and pulled his left hand into a tight fist. “You can’t help pushing out fags, and then you act so damned surprised when the names come in.”
“I’ll be sure to duck, then,” John joked. His little sister cracked a smile, but didn’t laugh. “Harry.” She was pulling her scone apart with the tines of her fork. “
“Would you just be friends, then? Best friends?”
It hurt inside John’s chest to walk away. He knew what would follow—the shouting, the swearing, the sound of things falling to the floor. He knew that, at the end of it, Mum and Da would lock themselves in their bedroom until morning. John would put his records on and try to ignore the noise. Sometimes it was awful, and sometimes... well, still awful but in a very different way. Da and Mum were soulmatched—JACK and RACHEL, their third fingers read, and arrived when then were both eleven. Of course, the names were common enough that it might not mean anything at all.
It's mad. I think he might be mad. He was certainly arrogant, and really quite rude, and he looks about 12 (he isn't, though, Harry, so bugger right off). He's clearly a bit public school, as expected, and... Yes, I definitely think he might be mad.
, and his pace increased. “John, yes,
“—so spit it out, you tremendous git, or I’m taking my coffee back home where the
Sherlock bit his lip and fought down his blush. “I’m unlikely to eat.”
“And it’s just getting off,” John said. He tried not to sound so lost.
to think he’d even mentioned the possibility—but his usual mode of dress was more formal than Victor’s. Wool trousers with a windowpane pattern. Good leather boots. Knit turtleneck to disguise the (frankly absurd) length of his pale neck. Victor’s gaze traveled over him in a way that made every part of Sherlock’s body tingle.
The shorter man turned around, winking smugly, and Sherlock caught himself watching Victor’s backside before he slammed the door shut with a bang.
“It’s
John was trembling, which made him suddenly and irrationally angry. He balled both hands into fists.  He felt
On the walk back to the dormitory, Victor took his hand. In public.
After a long moment, Harry asked, “What’s the name, then? On your hand?”
His father was an English diplomat, his mother Indian by birth, and Victor was exactly the sort of person one expected to emerge from such a union. Beautifully dark-haired and warm-skinned. Confident. Polite. Charming to a fault. Well-liked, in spite of his masculine soulmark... or, perhaps, because of it. Victor certainly wasn’t waiting for his soulmatch to explore his nonstandard inclinations.
“Jesus,” John groaned. “He’s a complete waste.”
with a gun in your hand—”
“That’s absurd. She has no hope of ever leaving Sherrinford.”
Yes, James Sholto is a Captain here. Keep in mind that he will have more than a decade to advance to Major.
“It means she isn’t your soulmate,” Sherlock answered, a bit stupidly. Lestrade just coughed a little and shuffled his feet. Nervous? Anxious?
If ever there were an appropriate time to be maudlin, it was when you were dying. Alone. He could hear music—
“Has to happen to someone, though, doesn’t it?”
“Thank—thank you, sir.”
“Suit yourself. I’d drag Harry down there first thing if it wasn’t such a minefield.” She dropped the
“Yes, sir?”
“Mummy isn’t capable of making a reasoned decision right now. Father will look to me for sound judgment, and it is my opinion that Eurus needs full-time psychiatric care.”
it,” Sherlock countered. “What’s changed?”
“Piss off, Mycroft.”
“I thought—god, it’s so stupid, but I thought she might be
. “As you know, when a person enters military service, their soulname is recorded for the purpose of identifying a body—”
“Yeah. He’s always like that.”
John licked his lips, and James watched his tongue with hot eyes. He didn’t kiss him. Instead, he unzipped his own trousers and took John’s left hand in his right. “Touch me?” He asked with a raised eyebrow. John’s breath left his body in a rush. He nodded, just once, and James guided his sweating palm to his cock. He grunted when John wrapped his shorter fingers around the length of it. Hot, so
Captain James Sholto was the smartest man John had ever met, and the least sociable. He was older than John by at least five years, but he had the kind of face that aged kindly. Handsome, but harsh. Their friendship had developed slowly, in a way that was unusual on the battlefield. Most men fell into friendships hard and fast overseas, where the line between
“Well, Freak,” she said. “Want to tell us what the perp keeps in his sock drawer? Porn and a Beretta?”
As a writer by passion and profession, it irks me to no end that Dr. John Watson--a man more famous for his skill as a storyteller than any medical or military service--"writes" this truly terrible blog. WTF? Why wouldn't the BBC hire a skilled writer to handle this on their website? These casenotes should be RIVETING. They should be funny and fascinating (and, yes, hyperbolic), because Watson is a WRITER. The kind that gets paid. This is pretty much a requirement of his character.
“Lydia,” Father cut in with cautious regret. “Let’s leave the boys to their bickering. We’ll sort the rest out with you tomorrow, Mycroft?” It sounded like a question, but the authority in Father’s eyes was unmistakable.
“Do you know what I like about you, Sherlock?”
century, and the people coped the only way they could: by bettering the odds. John’s parents may not have been meant for one another, but they didn’t end up alone.
“What good does it do?” Mycroft said, almost to himself. “What good could possibly come from knowing the answer, Sherlock?”
“Go hurry Anderson along,” Lestrade commanded, and Sally went with her head down.
John winced. “I did, yeah. But it wasn’t—I suppose I thought—”
“Yes,” Clara said, with no change in her expression. “It’s
. Eight-year-old Eurus was decidedly not sweet.
“Erm, here,” the stranger said, drawing a deep breath. “Use mine.” He pulled a mobile from his coat pocket, raising his brow. His eyes looked dark from across the room.
“Mmm, I’ve sampled Victor’s castaways before,” Sebastian said with a condescending smile. “He never seemed to mind.” Sherlock was careful not to react to the crude implication. He knew Victor wasn’t faithful during their years together. Sherlock wasn’t an
James followed him back into the bunk John shared with two other low-ranking medical officers. It was small, but comparatively private, as two of the three were always on-shift at any one time.
Sherlock didn’t need
“Come on, Evans, you great ginger bastard,” John mumbled. “They’re on their way.”
sand. The danger should have made his list, too, probably, and the stress of pingponging between outright terror and the mundanity of treating
He cleared his throat. “‘S all right, Harry, come in.”
“Victor is no longer supporting you. And so I must assume you’ll acquire your particular vice through trade. What exactly is your trade, again?”
“I’m cauterizing the injury,” John informed his superiors.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know.”
“You can’t come in,” she informed him, with all the natural authority of an eight-year-old terror. “I’m the Queen in here.”
“Well, she’ll read it all over me,” Father frowned. “I can’t
The response to the first two chapters has been so kind! I'm grateful to you for reading, commenting, and leaving kudos. This is firmly AU, so keep that in mind as we go forward. Facts will not align with canon. Thank you!
Ulysses slouched off without a backward glance. Sherlock’s heart gradually slowed, and he could feel the ill feeling in his stomach begin to fade. He spun on his heel, away from the dining hall, and hurried back toward the dormitory, and the relative safety of his private room.
James shifted his weight, releasing John’s fingers, and leaned one hand against the wall near the shorter man’s head.
There was not a romantic molecule in Sherlock’s thin body. He’d never felt the smallest stirring of intrigue or, God forbid, lust. “You’re still young,” Mycroft reminded him, the last time they’d discussed it. “Your mind may well change. Do not theorize without accumulating all the relevant data.”
“Right, limousine. With leather seats and a driver wearing a smart cap.”
“Could be,” John admitted. “But, for the record, you’re quite the catch yourself.”
JOHN. Sherlock kept his breathing as even as he could, while the menagerie inside his head positively
“You like chatting with them on the telephone? Going for a little stroll through the park? Painting each other’s nails, of an afternoon?”
“I’ll talk Mummy around.
I googled "Sherlock Holmes" when I got back to the flat and found a link to his website:
“He knows,” Anthea put in, quietly. “Her vitals are monitored during those meetings. Heart rate, breathing, pupil dilation. She didn’t react. Mycroft kept it buried,” she concluded with a proud little nod toward her navy-suited husband, and nominal boss.
“Isn’t it?” She replied, raising one thick eyebrow. “It’s not your problem, John. You didn’t put a bottle in her hand at age twelve, and command her to
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted. Victor still had his hand, and he wasn’t sure how to reclaim it.
John shook his head. “Greeting cards?”
“Huh...” John mused. Helen stared for a moment out the window.
) “Gay sex. This area is known for a very particular kind of prostitute. The
People from John’s world were more practical. They deliberately chose names that were common, even ubiquitous. Finding one’s soulmate was never a guarantee, and the stigma against partnering with anyone else was strong. John supposed that in the old days, soulmates were usually from the same small village, or at least the same county. Match Days were a yearly celebration, when all the locals gathered to seek out their matching scars. His history professor said that ending up alone was unusual, then, but these days, the soulnames could be flung further afield; as the world became more interconnected, the soulnames adapted, too. There was a sharp decline in soulmatches during the 20
“She’s very philosophical about the whole business. Do you mind if I smoke in here?” She’d pulled her shirt and knickers back on, and retrieved a pack of cigs from her purse pocket.
, but... Jesus Christ.
Sherlock never let himself cry. The bruised cheekbone, the split lip, the bloodied knee—he wore these like badges of honor. Like a shield.
John sniffed and tried on a familiar, aching smile. “Sure. Of course.”
) While Sherlock mulled it over, the persistent, itchy ache of his inner elbows faded a bit. Enough. For tonight, it was enough.
A week or so later, the mobile buzzed in Sherlock’s pocket—the sustained ring of a call rather than a text. Too late for his mother, and too early for any of his shadier contacts. That left only one possibility.
“Will wonders never cease?” Lestrade grinned. He started to walk away, but pointed a finger over his shoulder. “My office. Tomorrow.”
“Helen, love, you were nearly there,” he purred into her ear. He pressed a finger inside her body as he spoke, which made her moan.
“Not sure she cares, mate.”
Sherlock’s chest flooded with something prickly and unpleasant. Or... mostly unpleasant. It should feel unpleasant, merely by virtue of its familiarity, because it was like the first time Sherlock ever injected cocaine—he felt energized, and loose-limbed, and suspiciously at ease. Sherlock wanted to
“I have seen our sister since I was made aware of the death,” Mycroft said. “She did not deduce it.”
“She’ll know,” Sherlock said, breaking the silence. “She’ll read the truth on your faces, immediately. It’s no use attempting to
Sherlock nodded, as if this all sounded anything but insane. “Will you still sleep with other people?”
“You’ve a man’s soulname, you stupid git! They’d kill you in the army.”
“Hello, Sherlock.”
. The mark was a kind of biochemical burn, a wound inflicted by the soul upon the body, and Sherlock woke up around three in the morning with a shout. It was terrible. His left third finger wept sticky blood on his sheets and swelled up so much that Sherlock could not bend it. His nanny was the first to come running, her hair barely tucked away under the hijab before she ducked through his bedroom door.
John opened his mouth, and then shut it again. He could feel his nostrils flaring, but he still wasn’t getting enough air. Clara watched him for another moment before taking him by the hand and pulling him into the quiet kitchen.
Harry’s rigid spine collapsed, and she slumped back into her seat like a puppet with strings suddenly cut. She wiped a small hand across her face and took a long pull from her large coffee. “I’ll answer. Tell her to call.”
, and Helen’s raspy voice kept spinning through the air around him. It was like a drug. John wanted, and
John admired the graceful arch of her back as she stretched. She caught him at, still smirking, and swung her bare legs off the edge of the bed.
What the...?!?!
“You’ve been a good boy. I'm sorry you made me so angry.”
, he told himself. John couldn’t help the little flare of guilt when he thought it, though.
“Assuredly.”
,” Mummy snarled. Mycroft’s eyes flashed wide, taken aback by her tone. Anthea laid a flat palm against the top of her soulmatch’s hand.
“With pleasure.”
It was an uncomfortable feeling, respecting Sebastian. The man was a bastard, and the worst kind of idiot, but he was sincere. Sherlock couldn’t find a single lie in that long explanation—possibly the longest conversation they’d ever had without Victor to play gatekeeper.
“How goes the diet?” Sherlock shot back.
“I’ll come and get you, after things die down a bit.” John’s mother visibly wavered, rocking back and forth on her sensible black heels. Her right hand gripped her left, squeezing in an unconscious rhythm.
“Don’t act as if you don’t already know.” The headache was coming back, stronger than before. Sherlock’s eyes twitched toward his own blue-spotted forearm.
“Can’t though. Any decent woman’s going to ask to see the word on your finger. Won’t be sleeping with a man who isn’t her soulmate, no matter how nice the
Lestrade found Sherlock on the roof of the London Business School after dark—directed there, no doubt, by the British Government himself. He had a large sandwich in a paper bag and a worried expression on his face.
“Right.”
Doesn't matter?!? LOL!!
. Sherlock had never been on a date before. He imagined this was how things were usually done.
Sherlock flinched. He couldn’t help it. Ulysses grinned with too many teeth.
John cleared his throat. “I didn’t—erm... Harry said she’s been... unwell.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes to the ceiling and groaned. “Of course Anthea isn’t pregnant. Look at her shoes, Mummy! And she had a glass of the malbec with dinner.”
Sherlock accepted the sandwich silently, rolling back the paper to take a modest bite. Lestrade brought out a cigarette and lit it, offering Sherlock one from the pack. He declined in favor of chewing.
Victor Trevor was the only other undergraduate chemist with a boy’s name on his finger. HELIOS, it said, which was suitably urbane. “Victor” was an embarrassingly common name, but it ran in the family and he’d been born in India. His parents never planned on returning to England so soon.
, if the bloke ran in such lofty circles—the kind of circles where John Watson couldn’t ever be anything but a sore thumb. Polite society. Fancy cars and fine food and big manor homes full of rooms no one ever went into. It must be quiet in those sorts of homes. John caught himself rubbing the pad of his thumb against his soulmark, hand curled into a loose fist. He shoved both hands in his pockets and marched down the sidewalk without a backwards glance.
“For fuck’s sake.” Anthea rolled her eyes. “You are both impossible morons.” She reached across the table for Mummy’s abandoned glass of port. She finished it off in one long swallow. “Sherlock. Your brother uses Eurus to solve problems. She sees what even he cannot.”
? Why would any man look at another bloke like this, if he was lucky enough to have a name like that on his hand? James lifted John’s left fist and stroked over the back, avoiding his third finger. John’s hand relaxed.
There were the awkward strings of unasked-for information—“deductions,” Mummy said, “we shall call them
“John? John Watson!”
“There are things you could do, aren’t there?” John leaned back against the counter. “Sperm donation, that sort of thing?”
, please—”
“Brother mine,” Mycroft drawled upon answering. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
. You’re so lovely.”
“Does Mum know?”
that look on his skin. They were standing so close, much too close to one another. John felt the heat radiating from James’s long, lean, khaki-covered chest. His eyes were the loveliest, palest blue.
“It’s unlikely to matter, anyway,” John went on. “My soulmate has to be incredibly posh. Can’t think we’ll ever run into one another.”
Sherlock frowned. “What sort of report?”
“Father won’t be amenable, either, but he will listen to reason. He’s shortened their visits incrementally for the last two years, upon my request. He no longer allows Mummy to visit on her own.”
“Will he?”
. Victor knew Sherlock’s schedule as well as his own.
John closed his eyes, still leaning against the rough wall.
that.”
“No...”
“Shut up.”
“Fuck you,” John whined, rubbing his thigh.
is, Johnny. The soft, dry, non-judgmental bed.”
“Won’t they?” She asked. Her eyes were dry but distant behind her big, round glasses. “He wouldn’t—he wouldn’t want me to leave. In the middle of a party.”
“Right.” Harry’s expression was foreboding.
, Sherlock told himself.
John flushed, blinking away his discomfort. His smile felt a little forced, but Helen didn’t seem to notice. She reached out to poke at his left hand, avoiding the scarred third finger.
“Congratulations, Bumble,” his father interrupted in a sleep-rough voice. “Let the boy put it under the tap, Lydia. Hurts like the Devil, eh?”
than sex with a woman, but it was firm, and sweaty, and primal in a way John had never felt before. Raw. And James wouldn’t stop
Mycroft considered ignoring the question—the impulse was written all over his pinched face—but, instead, he clucked his tongue. “Our sister’s intellect is unparalleled. A once-in-a-generation genius. To ignore such a resource would be foolhardy.”
But Da never cared much what Mum had to say, these days.
“She could use a phone call, Harry. Mum, I mean.”
“Would you?” John asked. Harry made her thinking face again.
Harry smiled back, and turned her round face up toward the sky. She’d been pink and peeling all summer long, but Mum could never talk Harry into covering up. Nobody could talk Harry into anything.
“Unfortunately, it would seem so.”
When Greg was happy with how that scene was panning out, they moved on to the next scene, which was the arrival of the first guest, Christopher Wren, played by Oliver.  This scene took a little longer to play out and they tried it in several different ways.  First Greg had Jasmine opening the door and then he tried it with Freddie doing it, seeing which worked better.  The character of Christopher was a flighty young architect and Mollie was supposed to take to him instantly and Giles wasn’t, so they decided it worked better with Mollie opening the door and Christopher flirting with her, which inspired the instant dislike from Giles.
Sherlock’s voice softened. “That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
“—But Anthea impressed upon me your right to know Nanny Hadiya’s fate. It is, however, imperative that we keep the news of her death from Eurus. At any cost.”
Helen didn’t look offended. Merely thoughtful. “I don’t know. He might.” She held her hand up in front of her face. The third finger read DOUGLAS. “I like to think that my perfect match will be understanding.”
Sebastian was staring at Sherlock, as if he were observing a particularly slow tortoise at the zoo. “Of course, yes. It’s... it’s what’s done, eh? Just hand jobs, blow jobs. Quick and dirty, no penetration. I use protection. She’s free to do as she likes with the girls at St. Mary’s, makes no difference to me. In fact—” Sebastian licked his lips. “I like to watch, sometimes, when she tapes it for me. Best kind of porn in the world.”
introduce us. The man knew who I was, somehow. He knew everything about me. He knew I'd served in Afghanistan, and he knew I'd been invalided. He said my wound was psychosomatic, so he didn't get everything right, but he even knew why I was there. The bedsit. The flatshare. Mike hadn't mentioned a word of it.
“Got it. Less than a minute out.”
The word JOHN was like that. Solid. A square block of text; no messing about with JONATHAN or JOHANNES or JÁNOS. Mycroft had a János in his form at school. He was a weasley sort of fellow, and Sherlock was relieved that his name had not shown up on Sherlock’s hand.
Harry scowled, her nearly-invisible brows meeting hard over a pert nose. “What are you doing out here?”
“Mum okay?”
It was for the best. John didn’t need anyone else to disappoint.
As promised, two chapters every Tuesday.
“Is that what?” Sherlock tucked his hands into his coat pockets, out of sight.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed.
“Yeah,” Helen sighed, and snorted smoke through her nose. “Says the Medical Corps is great. They paid her nurse’s training, you know.”
“It’s a good program,” John went on, as if he hadn’t heard. “The army will pay my fees, so long as my marks stay high, and I serve a few years after foundation school. May not even go into a combat zone. I could be stationed at a recovery hospital.”
with it—”
“All of it?”
A stranger followed Mike into the room. Blonde hair, crew cut. Square jaw. Tan, and more wrinkled than could be explained by age (history of sun exposure, skin damage). Short stature. Firm build—an athlete with a recent injury, gone a bit thin around the edges. Clothing a little too loose on an underfed frame. The cane was an affectation, but not one born of vanity. Psychosomatic injury, then.
. It was electric.
“Come home?” Mycroft repeated. He must have been truly surprised, because Mycroft never repeated anyone’s words.
“I’m not! You think those murders out in West London went unsolved because the police were giving it their best and brightest effort? Nobody even bothered publicizing the crimes until Michael Boothe died—”
“Fine.”
“Well, wouldn’t that be a change of pace,” Sherlock parried.
“Why not?”
John wrapped his own fist around them both, two hands and two cocks, and they moved together. It felt...
Mummy and Father were wide-eyed. They weren’t looking at Sherlock’s bare hand, but at each other. Mummy’s mouth was making a small O-shaped hole.
“Out with it, Myc,” Father murmured.
No one could explain the exact nature of a soulname—there was a field of study devoted to it at Bart’s, though John privately thought the philosophers had a better chance at reaching a useful conclusion. One thing was universally assumed: when people matched properly, they were happier than they could have been otherwise.
hard against the wall behind him. “What will you do?”
, Sherlock answered, before pushing Mycroft away.
“It’s not a
Mycroft wore a lovely, long-suffering expression, which Sherlock cherished. Anthea smoothed the fabric of her exquisitely-tailored skirt over her hips, pointedly, and then caught Sherlock’s eye. The corner of her lip tucked up—the smile equivalent of a wink. She really was too good for his brother.
“Obviously,” Sherlock scoffed.
“How did you know about Afghanistan?” John asked. He didn’t sound angry, or upset, or disturbed. He sounded... curious.
“God forbid,” Anthea murmured.
“Of course she was,” Mycroft scoffed. “Just not to you.”
Theoretically, John was in active communication with Sholto for the year and a half that he and Sherlock lived together. Mary was aware of Sholto, and John wanted him at the wedding, so it clearly wasn't an issue of great secrecy among the rest of John's acquaintances. Sholto was most likely invalided home while Sherlock was "dead"--a series of unimaginably traumatic events for John, one on top of another. John hid their relationship, deliberately and effectively, from Sherlock both before and after his "death." This is the biggest in-canon secret John keeps from Sherlock. I'm enjoying answering the most pressing the question: Why?
“Perfect. Made for me. You wouldn’t understand.”
, John’s inner monologue chimed in.
Then again, why would it? He was a boy. That sort of thing just wasn’t done.
James’s hand was still moving, using John’s come to slick its passage over his own hard cock. He was staring down, but not at himself. He was watching John’s dick twitch and soften, watching John’s come trickle down his bare stomach. John dragged a finger through the mess as James watched with narrowed eyes. Then he leaned in, put his lips right next to James’s ear.
“I’m not going to kiss you,” James whispered. John could feel his breath and smell his sweat. “Not on the lips. That’s not what this is. But I want to touch you. Can I touch you, John?”
from Harry’s name in a way that was undeniably charming.
Sherlock swallowed. He knew that the changes puberty wrought on his body were significant, and aesthetically pleasing. It wasn’t the sort of thing one could miss in an environment like Cambridge. Too many hormones, too much freedom. Too many radical ideas about soulmates, and autonomy, and sexual liberation. But hearing it in Victor’s pleasant, cultured voice
His brother’s brow drew tight. “
Father smiled, but it was pulled-tight and didn’t give Sherlock the warm feeling in his chest that Father’s smiles usually did. “Yes, Sherlock. It’s a boy’s name.”
Sherlock drew a breath as he returned to his work station. “How do you feel about the violin?”
, John. Please. I want you to fuck me.”
Sherlock raised a brow. “I’m
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine,” Sherlock asked. They were here to speak to him, after all. Best to get on with it.
. He could feel the sand press hot and rough against his right cheek. And the sound wasn’t singing, or even enemy fire, but someone speaking to him in a quick, desperate tenor.
“Invalidity Benefit?”
“You are welcome to return home, either to Surrey or to the townhouse, provided you are clean and sober. I can tell from your breathing and your choice of accommodation that you are not.”  Mycroft’s voice was still sneering, but Sherlock could detect the hint of pain buried underneath. “Sherlock, I can provide you with the best possible treatment. The finest facility in the country. Our parents and Anthea are so desperately worried. Let me help you.”
John smiled. Sherlock swallowed audibly. “We’ve only just met, and we’re going to go look at a flat?”
dying—have made John a better doctor? Would he be more compassionate? More likely to fight for each patient’s life? Keep the chest compressions going just a bit longer?
“For me?”
“Well,” Sherlock mumbled. “Thank you. For the sofa.”
It was telling that no one questioned why the concealment was necessary. No one looked at Sherlock now. Even Anthea was gazing at her own folded hands.
“I’m not gay,” John forced out. His voice was small and tight.
“It’s
If Mycroft’s mind was a supercomputer, and Sherlock’s a ravenous beast, than Eurus had a brain like a magnifying glass. She could use it to see clearly, observe closely, and then she could burn everything that came into her view to ash.
“A castle. With a real dragon guarding the gate.”
its approval.
Lestrade shrugged, and dropped the spent cigarette. He ground it out with his toe against the asphalt. “She has a right to be happy, same as anyone. And I got my kid out of the deal. Can’t ask for more than that.”
. It needed winding. Sherlock had subconsciously synced his breathing with that just-barely-uneven metronome tick.
, the beast in Sherlock’s brain reminded him. He shut the thought down as quickly as he could.
“In the morning, Eurus,” Mummy smiled. She pressed a hand firmly to Eurus’s slim back, pushing her down the hall toward the nanny. The look his younger sister sent over one shoulder was curious, and oddly
against you is confirmed, she’ll only become more vengeful. More dangerous.”
“It shouldn’t. I’m a sick bastard.” James’s tongue was exploring John’s right shoulder, and his hand tightened around John’s twitching dick. “But you’re so goddamn
Harry slunk over to open the sash and climb clumsily onto the sill, tossing her bag out first. John kept an ear close to the door, but no footsteps were pounding down the creaking hall outside. With one more quick nod, Harry slipped away into the autumn evening.
Would Harry wear black to his funeral? She did it for Mum. All Watsons looked absolute shit in black; his mother used to rib his father about that, a bit. Clara could wear black, though, and John figured she would. Maybe she’d even go with Harry to the service, hold her hand in the cemetery. That’d be nice. Maybe his death would... bring them back together, or something. Jolt Harry back into recovery. John thought that’d make his death nearly worthwhile. To be able—finally—to give his sister something worth remembering.
“Faster,” John shot back.
“Got him. Stablizing now. ETA?”
The bedsit was chilly, with a radiator that clunked at all hours and a window that needed replacing. The draft blew right across John’s mattress while he slept; he’d been forced to wear long sleeves and sweatpants to bed every night. A far cry from sand in his sheets, sweating the night away in just his y-fronts. He’d even bought a dressing gown, for God’s sake.
John cracked his teeth together, bullish. “He’s meant to be a
blurred into irrelevance. John had plenty of mates just like that.
“Is that what you’re doing? I thought perhaps you’d found another paramour.”
,” John replied, closing his eyes.
, JOHN) asked.
“How’d you sneak by?”
“Of course not.”
“Yeah,” James groaned. He lined up their cocks and wrapped his hand around them, pressing them together so hard that John thought he might choke. “You’re hard for me, aren’t you? You’re hard and wet and I’m going to take you
(See the end of the chapter for
John found that smile for her again—the one that hurt like a pulled muscle. “Ta, Harry.”
“Which may be precisely why Eurus mutilated her own soul to prevent you.”
Sherlock tipped his head in thought. “She’s your soulmatch.”
This time, the pause was long enough to let Sherlock’s heart slow and his breathing even out. (
“There is no such thing as true isolation. Not even in Sherrinford. I am reluctant to push her toward any more committed action.”
, if I have to.”
“Sherlock—”
“Why’d she even agree to go out with your type?” Da wondered aloud. John wasn’t meant to answer. “Must be some kind of desperate, to try it on with a poofter.”
John had been in Afghanistan for nine brutal months. He was the kind of short you couldn’t miss, and that—coupled with the posh man’s name on his hand—meant John spent more time than most swinging his fists. He didn’t much mind.
“Do you?”
“Neither is she,” Anthea shrugged. “Or, rather, it’s a mistake to think she’s
“He may not hit her mum,” John argued, “but he doesn’t support her either.”
He swung around, bringing up the Sig just as a bullet blasted into the ground near his skidding feet. He didn’t hesitate. John dropped to his knee, raised the pistol in both hands, and sighted the enemy combatant where he ducked below a distant berm. Long shot for the Sig Sauer, but manageable. Hopefully the arsehole didn’t have a GPMG hidden away over there. John waited for the first sign of movement over the obstruction.
“If Eurus is so dangerous, why not put her in solitary confinement?”
The clock ticked. Sherlock breathed. Mycroft, it seemed, did not. Anthea practically vibrated her concern. That
. He’s a good dad!”
John took a long swig of his tea, and choked down a few bites of an apple. He hadn’t eaten a real breakfast since leaving hospital; the thought of sausages and eggs turned his stomach. He’d lost a fair bit of muscle during rehabilitation, and avoided the sight of his exposed collarbones, his hipbones, his ribcage. Eating too much made his stomach clench and ache. He knew he should eat more, maybe small amounts more often, but the thought set John’s teeth on edge. Eating used to be something John did for pleasure, and the discomfort of it now was like an insult. John was
Mummy froze in her seat. Father reached for one of her hands, pressing it between both of his own. Anthea’s eyes turned toward Sherlock again, careful and direct. Her ubiquitous BlackBerry was noticeably absent this evening.
“Sure.” John forced his smile. “We’ll come pick you up in it, you and your soulmate, and we’ll all go away for holiday. Someplace nice.”
“Yes, please,” he replied. Mummy brought out a tube of antiseptic cream, along with the tin of sticky strips. She smoothed the ointment over his soulname with care, and then wrapped a pair of bandages across the name. JOHN disappeared under drab little plasters, like a secret.
“Might do,” John said, but he didn’t sound convincing.
John stiffened. “Don’t know, do I?”
His sister’s soulmatch nodded, dark eyes warm and mouth serious. “We all do. But your mother most of all.”
“Afternoon!” he called to Mike, and ducked quickly out of the room.
John growled. “Put that damn thing out and come back to bed. Not done with you yet.”
call yourself,” John frowned.
the one going to get us killed, carrying on like that!”
John closed his eyes and surrendered to it. John hadn’t surrendered much in nearly twenty years—not since he grabbed an angry, spotty, crying Harry by the hand and hauled her out the door. Put her into the backseat of his rusted-out Ford Cortina, and drove away from his father’s drunken rage. Was this what it felt like, to watch your life flash before your eyes? If so, John couldn’t decide whether he was getting the Best of John Watson, or his outtakes reel.
“It’s all right,” John insisted. “Really. Just go have a lie down. No one’ll blame you.”
“Bite your tongue!” John chided, and lead her back to his sister’s side.
John’s voice broke, along with his composure. “Oh,
“You finish the chemistry lab?” The imbecile wanted to know. Ulysses Forrester. Second-year Specialist, adequate footballer, and all-around moron.
“Oh,” his mother breathed, looking a little lost, “I couldn’t. All these people, here out of the kindness of their—”
“Oi!” John cried, stabbing Harry in the ribs with his toes. “Leave off Mum, or go to your own damn bedroom. I can’t listen to it tonight.”
John lifted his chin and gritted his teeth. “Yeah. I’m not gay.”
“I don’t require protection from Eurus,” Sherlock sniffed with heat rising in his cheeks. “I’m not a child any longer. She’s been confined for eighteen years. I can certainly manage her impotent displeasure.”
John couldn’t tear his eyes away from that sweet, scarred word. SHARON. Why would James be doing this, here, with
No man had ever wanted to hold Sherlock’s hand in public before.
Mycroft’s voice dropped very low and very quiet. “This is a game to Eurus. These people are playthings.
“Sherlock—” Father sighed.
“Yeah?” John replied, shoulders tight. “Why not?”
“Hungry?” Victor said. “I missed lunch today. Let me take you out to dinner.”
Sherlock stiffened. “I do not
If his eyes were a bit worried, underneath all that cheer, it was easy enough to ignore.
sound, loud enough to make John wince. It didn’t sound like flesh, though. He sat up and reached over to flick on the radio. John’s hands were trembling.
John didn’t breathe for a long, pained moment. The radio kept on thumping, nearly as quick as his heart.
“Will you be? If he isn’t waiting for you?”
“I’ll be okay,” John said again. She finally looked back at him, and there was an open, fragile kind of fear in her eyes. It twisted John’s stomach as he recalled the last time he’d seen that particular look, dripping blood and snot from her freckled nose. Da did have a talent for making Harry cry. “I’ll come home,” John told her.
JOHN.
“So sorry,” Sherlock replied with a hard, false smile. “My work is not available for copying at the mo’.”
“Well, I say
“This is... what? The second scheme this year? The third?”
where she was going, and when, he could cover her without all this creeping about. John huffed in frustration—Harry Watson was a law unto herself. With his house key in his pocket, John took a breath before opening the door to the hall.
“Fine, then. Seven-thirty.” Sherlock went to close the dorm room door, but Victor caught it with one hand.
“Well, go get her, then!” Da finally replied.
“Shut up, Mycroft!” Sherlock was breathing hard now. Mycroft didn’t try to interject again. “It’s my decision. It’s my choice, and I choose not to know. Do you understand?”
“Eurus cannot be allowed to read the truth on our mother’s face.”
Sherlock had to get out, before John asked any of the obvious questions hovering just behind those blue eyes.
“A psychotic
“Of course,” Harry replied, looking appalled. “I’m not going to Hell!”
. But... you know. My daughter. Our history. I never thought she’d actually
He turned to go, but the look on John’s face stopped him short. John was tired, suddenly, and somehow smaller. He held his cane in his right hand like he wasn’t sure whether it was a weapon or a shackle. His eyes were distant. (
Despite the E rating on this fic, I've deliberately avoided graphic description of Sherlock and Victor's sex life. Two reasons: 1) We learn a lot about Sherlock's life with Victor in the sequel to this fic. Some things need to be revealed later. And 2) This abusive relationship mirrors some of my own life experience; writing the sex scenes in great detail from Sherlock's present-tense perspective is personally traumatizing. Full stop.
“Go on then. I’ll call for supper.”
“Bit different from my day,” the man commented. Pleasant voice. Saint Bart’s alum.
“No clue.”
Not denying it then?
Mycroft looked down his pointed nose. “Horrors.”
The less he reacted like a human being, the more they left him alone. It had been a tough lesson, but one of the most important.
“Yeah...”
“I can’t very well stay on a friend’s sofa indefinitely!”
felt wrong right now. At least his clothing felt familiar, and safe. Like he could armor himself every morning in layers of cotton and leather and wool.
