Nononononono. Sherlock felt the impact in his gut and staggered backwards. No he couldn’t leave john alone with this lunatic. He had to stay… the door to the flat opened with a loud noise as sherlock slid to the floor unable to stand any longer. But the newcomer wasn’t john it was lestrade who was shouting.
“this was not his fight. He and I had to travel half the world away to find you. You weren’t so interested in having your own life then were you?”
He was talking about a case involving an Italian diplomat which had caused a detective from Rome police department to come down to London. A not so useless as-the-rest-of-them detective by the sounds of it.
Sherlock heard the police behind him now. She was cornered and she knew it.
John. Amazing john. As ever stating the obvious. Sherlock chuckled to himself.
“it’s alright it’s fine…” john continued in a soft voice. “Greg can you get his slippers from under his bed? There is more glass on the floor.”
“sherlock?” john said. “God I forgot to wake you up for your five o’clock meds.”
“He has found your last address and went to baker street looking for you. he found sherlock instead so he thought…. it would be a fitting revenge. “ lestrade finished awkwardly.
Sherlock wanted to scoff at the man’s assumption but it was apparent that he had read all the gossips about their life. It was a while since people had thought they were together but nothing ever gets deleted off the internet. So he focused on the more pressing issue.
“thanks for coming. The flowers are lovely. Can I see rosie?”
“Alright mate I believe you. I’m here for …”
Sherlock remembered to open his eyes and breath.
Next thing he knew was john’s lips against his own. Even drugged to his eyeballs he knew that this groundbreaking feeling was real. That john, his amazing john had kissed him with his super soft lips. John backed away but his hand was still on sherlock’s face and their foreheads were touching. John kissed him gently again and sat back on his chair holding his hand.
John was on edge. He was seriously considering calling Mycroft or greg or anyone. He had come to baker street to wait for sherlock to come back from sherrinford but he already had to put rosie to bed and there still was no sign of sherlock. His phone was off which was not alarming on its own, he always turned it off the days he went to see Eurus but he was just so sodding late and john didn’t know how many cat videos he could pretend to watch on Instagram before he came home.
“alright” john didn’t want to know what sherlock was dreaming about. He was afraid that it was himself. That he was the villain of sherlock’s nightmares now. it would be more than he could take.
“rosie” sherlock swallowed over the searing agony. “keep him… away...”
“You’re all I have ever needed. Lestrade can have the foreigner to himself. “ sherlock smiled up at john.
“sherlock? Listen to me … help is on the way…” he said as he pressed his hand to the bloody hole in sherlock’s abdomen.
John turned his head around but kept his eyes closed. He was breathing heavily now. Sherlock held his shoulder and called his name louder.
John felt his lips pulling into a smile. Greg started telling him about the case in details. And he tried not to imagine Sherlock each second responding to each sentence with questions and odd observations.
“well I lost the love of my life because of him.” He took a deep breath with resolve settling in his eyes. ” I want him to know the feeling. “
“I’m sorry i can’t see clients right now. “
“hey hey hey it’s okay it’s okay” john grabbed his elbow gently and wrapped his other arm around sherlock’s back. Sherlock couldn’t help but lean onto his arms. he didn’t particularly care where john was leading him. He never did actually.
Well if that wasn’t a perfect dismissing.
“sure good night”
Knew. Bitterness. Did his boyfriend cheat on him with john? Possible. Either way sherlock felt that he was not here on a heartfelt purpose to visit john. Sherlock hid his desire to protect john under a mask of friendly curiosity.
“he’s getting divorced.” No question who Mycroft was talking about. “he has spent most of the time he was not working in your room for weeks.”
“I’ll be here …promise.”
“why don’t you ever?” john said finally after a few moments. “you never correct people when they think we’re together. Why?”
It had been a week since john told mary he wanted them to get separated. John had moved his few belongings to the baker street and spent time with rosie as usual while mary found errands to run or friends to see to not be at home during those times. John didn’t know how long they could keep this up but he was surprisingly fine. All he wanted was for the Sherlock to wake up.
“Alright that’s it.”  John said picking his phone back up swiping to find Mycroft’s contact when he heard the key turning down the stairs. There was a few grumbling and fumblings before sherlock came to john’s view. The staircase was dark so it took a few moments for john to realize sherlock was climbing slower than usual. John’s heart drummed against his rib cage. He was right to worry sherlock was not alright. He sped down the stairs to meet him half way.
“Good osservational skills jawn” sherlock slurred more as he went to his chair and curled up on it like a cat.
“you did this the last time. You convinced me that she had no other choice… that she was innocent. Why are you trying more than me to save my marriage? “
Sherlock sagged further against his chair, his grip loosening on his wound. He could relax now john wasn’t here, lestrade was. Everything was alright. Darkness enveloped him and he let go despite lestrade’s warnings. He couldn’t make out his words anymore.
John tried to get his breathing under control which felt like a real challenge at the moment. Sherlock looked up at him. seemed like his loud voice had sobered him up.
“How’s mary and rosie?” he asked quietly.
A weight dropped on john’s heart.
“thanks.” he took a gulp and continued. “I’m sorry I…..” he trailed off his eyes closing on their own account. He was obviously still drunk.
-----------------------------------------------------
“iss just I had to … stop it.” Sherlock said waving vaguely at his head leaning back on his chair. “I wanted to do drugs but ovviosuly that’s off the table so …” he finished with a shrug.
“hey hey hey “ john turned around crouching and held sherlock’s face in his hands. Those beautiful eyes were not supposed to be so wet. John wouldn’t let it happen anymore. He couldn’t stop himself before kissing sherlock’s temple. Kissing away the tears and then his forehead. He wished he could send what he was feeling and thinking through his kisses. I’m sorry. I should’ve been there for you. I’m here now.
“you forgot. I’ve been here every time you went to that island waiting for you to come back for the last 2 months and u didn’t even bother to let me know that you wouldn’t come back till middle of the night before getting off to drinking and GOD KNOWS WHAT ELSE?”
********************************
“I promise. “ sherlock nodded pulling him down to himself again. this time john didn’t resist.
“augh nothing I was shot during my time hunting moriarty’s network.” He tried to keep his voice aloof like he was talking about the weather and not the bleedings and infections and pain. Oh the pain. He was lucky this time he was knocked out for the most painful part.
Sherlock cleared his throat not trusting his voice. “fine I guess. My mind is a little sluggish which is uncomfortable. but I guess that’s normal for someone who has been in a coma for a month. And I can’t really stand or use my arms very much. “
Sherlock’s hands felt icy at the contempt at the man’s voice for john. His john.
“It’s what I do.”
“Vivian Norbury,” Sherlock said.”who outsmarted them all…all except Sherlock holmes” Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a proud of himself. If john was here he probably would’ve called him out but he was still on his way. Sherlock stretched his arm towards her with his palm up to get her gun while he said: “There’s no way out.”
“john stop this” mary said frustrated.
“yeah. “but john didn’t sound particularly happy. He stared at sherlock and inhaled loudly.
John stared at him for a few more seconds and then tried to sit up. “sorry I woke you up.”
John jostled awake by greg’s voice. “I am now” he said groggily. It was still dark outside the winow. John had fallen asleep on his chair. The book he was reading to Sherlock was now on the floor. John stood up and stretched his back after checking his watch.
“NO…I’m fine ... I apologize for the inconvenience… goodnight Lestrade…night john.”
It felt like a scene out of a memory. John kneeling in front of sherlock in the bathroom, patching him up and telling him it was alright. And maybe it would be. Maybe sherlock should get himself in trouble again to feel john’s hands on his skin. -You were never a puzzle solver …You are a drama queen.- Right again john. Sherlock chuckled to himself.
Her voice betraying her seemingly professional behavior. Sherlock’s eyes went up in their socket and his eyelids fluttered shut.
“dr Watson,” Sherlock’s doctor came in. “we have news regarding mr. holmes. He seems to have entered a comatose condition due to the lack of oxygen his brain received. “
“oh you know me” sherlock said as he walked to rosie and picked her up from her high chair for a morning greeting.” Don’t need much sleep. Good morning Watson. May I have a kiss?” he said to wonder in his arms before she made happy noises and bumped his face to sherlock’s  in an attempt for a kiss.
“okay … so “ john said after taking a deep breath. “can we start over? Our morning after? “
“he actually reminded me of you sherlock the way he dressed the way he noticed the details nobody else would.” Greg continued as john came to sit on his chair. “want me to get his number for you? I’d bet you’d make a scary couple.”
John sat up to look at him waiting. Greg uncomfortably scratched the back of his neck. Looking straight at the floor avoiding john’s eyes.
Mary finally broke the silence with a firm but quiet voice. “I’m sorry john… I didn’t think you would be here.”
“sherlock? Wake up” john said loudly. “It’s just a nightmare.” He put his hand on his shoulder and shook him while calling again.
“I’ll go call a nurse. “ greg left in a hurry.
It was 24 days since sherlock had closed his eyes last. John had fallen in a routine. Most of his days were spent at his work in the surgery. Then he would go to his house, spend hours with Rosie till her bed time and then get ready to spend another night next to sherlock’s bed. The retractable sofa was sufficient since he couldn’t get more sleep in his own bed anyways. Mary was going more and more agitated at john’s absence from their former life. John could feel that but he wasn’t going to say anything first. He recently realized that he didn’t really miss sleeping next to Mary and then hated himself over it. However these times that guilt gnawed his chest over preferring to spend his nights next to his comatose best friend, his brained reminded him that Sherlock was in this mess BECAUSE of mary. John didn’t feel like forgiving her this time.
“you don’t need to say anything... you asked… I answered.” Sherlock said as he got up. His voice suddenly cold. “I imagine rosie is asleep so I suggest u stay the night if being in the same flat as me is not much of a trouble ... you know for her sake. You can leave first thing in the morning. “ sherlock made his way towards his room.
“where were you? I’ve been calling you for hours why didn’t you turn your phone on? I was worried.”
“what was happening? “ he couldn’t help but ask. Now that his eyes were adapted, he could see sherlock’s expression in the dim light coming through the blinders.
After a couple of hours, he gave up on trying to read and grabbed the blanket to make himself more cozy. That was when he heard it. The muffled shout from sherlock’s bedroom.
“there’s um…” sherlock found his voice. “there’s a good chance I won’t remember this when I wake up. “
And the voices immediately stopped.
They got up and made their way to the bedroom. John slowly lowered him to his bed while sherlock was biting his lip and breathing heavily, trying so hard to hide his pain.
“Hey why don’t you tell us about this new case of yours.”
Sherlock slowly dragged himself up and sat back in his chair as john made his way back to the fire place.
“aww you’re adorable” john teased mockingly.
“NO” he exclaimed at john. “I can walk outside thank you very much. “
John was running past the police officers scattered in the aquarium when he heard a gunshot. He ran faster his thoughts on mary and Sherlock. He turned around the last corner and there was everyone.
“of course john” sherlcok cut him short. “ her company is always a pleasure. “ he finished with a smile which john returned with a grateful one.
After asking mrs. Hudson to stay in in her flat with rosie till he came to get them, he was back up with Fred Lautner; who was regarding the mantel particularly the framed picture there.  lestrade had taken it a few weeks ago. In it Rosie was in sherlock’s arms laughing at the camera while john was smiling at sherlock.
John and greg came through the door in haste. Sherlock tried to dislodge his hands from the edge of the sink and stand straight but seemed like he was frozen and with any movement he’d fall over. -Pathetic sherlock. And not even when you’re alone too. Can’t even brush you bloody teeth without adult supervision?- The voice inside his head went on.
John took a deep breath inhaling through his mouth. “I’m saying that I think our marriage was a mistake. But I will always be grateful of rosie and always always be there for her as her father… but I don’t think we should do this anymore” john pointed at mary and his own chest.
“Morning” john said before he pulled himself up and pressed a chaste kiss on his lips. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him tightly.
“Excuse me I’ll be back to wait for john with you in a minute. “
He swallowed crossing his arms on his chest trying to get his temper under control. He didn’t want to do or say something he’d regret later. He had too much of those already. So he tried to say exactly what was bothering him.
“your jacket has gone down a size.. tell me you haven’t been starving yourself worrying about me.” He retorted. John smiled his wonderful warm smile that was only reserved for Sherlock. Mycroft rolled his eyes.
“shot in the shoulder. There’s an exit wound but he’s bleeding too fast … I think she hit an artery john.”
“hey?”john said with a frown. “ what did you mean when you said you’ve been shot more than once?”
The food felt like dry bread in john’s throat. Sherlock’s lips pressed in pain would not leave his mind. His slow and careful movements while eating his food. The fact that he had accepted the food without any resisting. John couldn’t help him sit up because he thought the last thing sherlock would want was his arms anywhere near him right now. and nobody would blame him including john.
Sherlock couldn’t figure out what john meant. He couldn’t have known what exactly? His thoughts were getting slower by the second.
“not your kind of interesting no.” his voice came from the kitchen while he was separating his medication and filling him a glass of water.
“It’s okay.”john got up from his position beside the bed. “water? “ sherlock shook his head slightly.
“john Watson” he found his voice. “I love you.”
She was sleeping, her warm form a welcome weight in sherlock’s arms.
John shuddered probably thinking what would happen if he had shot sherlock when he was holding rosie.
“of course … and you will let me. “he said strictly. Sherlock smiled. “I’m not gonna go to work to come see you have starved yourself or fell on your arse trying to reach the books in the top shelves.”
“shit” someone said quietly. Sherlock was vaguely aware of an unpleasant thought in the back of his head, behind the feeling of the absolute bliss that had spread all over his body. The distant thought was like a bad news that he didn’t want to remember yet. He was too sleepy to grasp on it so he simply tried to slip back to sleep when John quickly untangled himself from the blanket and got up and hurried out the bedroom.
“where is he?”
Sherlock waited for him to finish but he seemed to be breathing with difficulty. His mind thought about answers to his question but none seemed probable. the cheating theory was irrelevant to the chronic illness therefore out of the window. Had john caused the illness by being violent?
………………………………………..
“I’m not sulking.” He said as he sat with his bag on his lap.
John’s brain was still drawing a blank as he stared down the grown man budged up in the chair. Here he was worrying for hours that his super genius villain of a sister had turned his brain into a mush by torture and his highness was off getting drunk not bothering to even turn his phone on. And he still had the guts to sass john off.
“and then it changed. We were in the cell… and… and he was carving you up. You were screaming and I couldn’t DO anything.” Sherlock was panting again so john continued massaging his head which he had stopped.
“I dunno” sherlock’s eyes were getting heavy. “maybe ‘cause I want it to be true.”
“what do you mean?”
hi guys sorry this last bit took so long. I wasn't feeling very good. Anyways... I am really grateful of you for reading this and commenting and sticking with me :) i hope you like the end too.
“I’d better go then. I was about to take rosie to the day care. “ she extended her arms to john and her reluctantly let her go.
Mary was confused now. “john… what are you saying?”
Mycroft nodded satisfied.  Sherlock felt his eyes droop so he put his head on the bed. He tried to remember the details of john’s hug , his arms around him tightly holding him like he was the most precious thing in the world. Like he would protect him for the rest of his life.
tell me what you guys think :)
Lautner seemed to have caught on with sherlock’s intentions because he smiled dangerously.
Sherlock’s bandaged hand came up to john’s face. john pulled away and kissed his palm without opening his eyes. He slid from his uncomfortable position to lie down and hid his face in the crook of sherlock’s neck. He could feel the flutter of his heartbeat on his skin. he breathed in trying to calm himself. to make sense of what was happening.
“sorry” he said voice hoarse from sleep and shouting.
“OH FOR GOD’S SAKE” sherlock’s voice cut through the flat. “I don’t need minders twenty-four seven. “
“your favorite people in the world huh? “he said with a smirk. “I had no idea I was your favorite person.”
Lestrade handcuffed lautner to the radiator pipes in the kitchen then  rushed to sherlock’s side with a phone in his hand.
“yes I did.. it’s the least I can do.” He finally looked at mary. Who stood up from the chair she was occupying.
John nodded and followed him out the door. Greg walked to grab his coat and phone. “right…I’m off then.”
Like it even mattered if he was alright. Like he hadn’t almost just lost his daughter. Like sherlock wasn’t fighting with death a few rooms away.
In lautner’s shouting they had missed a newcomer down the stairs talking quietly to mrs. Hudson. John. Sherlock thought to himself. He shouldn’t have come back so soon. he needed to keep this unstable mourner away from john at the moment.
sherlock had no intention of sleeping. So he took off his shirt and trousers before getting in bed planning to think about the feeling of john’s body warm and safe in his arms for hours until the alcohol left his system and he could be sure of what was real and not. But the trip to sherrinford, playing for hours and then the emotional turmoil that followed and finally the alcohol took a toll on his body and before he knew he had fallen to a dreamless sleep.
"sherlock…"
********************************************
John was playing with his hair like he did last night. It was like he pulled every thought from his head one by one and filled their place with peace.
“get well soon.” And then they were gone. John exhaled loudly and sherlock’s knees wobbled. He tried to sit back down and felt john’s hand on his elbow steadying him.
“I’m okay. just wondering if he is going to be too.” He said as he nodded his head towards sherlock’s still form. “you know most of the time I’m thinking that I could have saved him…I wish I wasn’t so late.”
I still don't know if I should add an epilogue or end it here where my boys are snuggly and happy from kissing.
“ok I’ll tell you what.” Lautner said finally with a strange calm over his whole features. “ I’ll tell you what happened and you tell me what you would do if you were me… Jake… My boyfriend…he was too
“you cock.” John said batting his arm but being unable to hold his chuckle in.
Sherlock was avoiding his eyes pretending to be staring at the gash inside his hand but at that he looked up to find john’s concerned eyes searching his.
“thank you” he whispered before sleep took him with dreams of john’s lips against his ear.
“has she now? we’re lucky she’s asleep or you’d wish you’d gone back into a coma.”
“what happened? What did she do?” john said when no more explanation came his way.
John smiled and turned around to lean on the counter with his mug of tea. Sherlock put rosie back in her chair and went to the fridge trying to ignore the warm feeling in his chest. John’s soft looks and smiles had been warming him for weeks, filling the gaping hole sherlock felt for months after mary’s death. Although he craved for more, he was satisfied with what he had.
Sherlock had spent his first day back home mostly on his chair studying the cold cases lestrade had left for him and occasionally walking over to kitchen and back, to get his mug of tea. which john stubbornly insisted that he had to get up and get himself or he wouldn’t get any. He knew john would finally give up and bring him the tea if he persisted on sitting but he knew that he had to move to recover faster and he couldn’t wait to get back his strength.
----------------------------------
“what if I’m dreaming and you’ll be gone when I wake up?” sherlock shivered against john’s body.
A big lump in his throat stopped him. Sherlock’s eyes stayed closed but john didn’t let go of his hand.
“Sherlock” his breathed through tears. “listen to me you git. You’re gonna wake up right now. You can’t do this. You just can’t do this to me. People need you here. Mrs. Hudson, your parents, Mycroft… yes even him” he took a deep breath trying to stop the tears. “you should’ve seen him when you were shot. I had never seen him so frightened. Rosie needs you… or who is going to talk to her about types of wool now? …Sherlock.. I need you. I can’t … I can’t do this again.”
Sherlock smiled shyly at her. He didn’t know what to say. _I’m sorry john can’t forgive you because of me, but I have an undying love for your husband so I’m kinda okay with it_ didn’t feel like a nice thing to say.
“and I don’t just mean physically,” Greg said frustrated. “I’m sure the idiot doesn’t even care about what you did in the hospital but that you push him away… that you blame him for mary.”
“..lock?” he started hearing too. “sherlock? Are you all alright? I’m coming in.”
Greg came back to sit on sherlock’s chair john looked up at him.
“um no I’m fine… anything interesting today?”
“Good morning to you too.” She said in a grave voice before looking at john. “the sitter has rosie for a few hours. I came to see Sherlock and to … to take you home. “
The next time he came to himself, he could hear. The beeping sound, someone breathing. His middle was heavy with pain but he managed to open his eyes. The first thing he saw was a bluish light. After his eyes adjusted, he looked around and saw the hospital room he was in. then he noticed the breathing source which looked a lot like john’s gray-blonde head napping on his left hand on the mattress. Sherlock had a strong desire to just run his hand through those strands. He couldn’t find a reason not to, yes his mind was cloudy and yes he didn’t exactly know why he was in the hospital again but this was john. John was good. So he did what he wanted.
Greg sighed deeply. “I was… there… and a bunch of police force. We couldn’t do anything until it was too late.”
Sherlock’s murky brain was filled with dread. He had an urge to do something but what he didn’t know. He knew he was running out of time. He had to… but he couldn’t. the cloud in his head took over his body.
“john… it’s about sherlock.” Greg’s tone filled his heart with ice. He had heard sentences like this too many times now.
“same thing it has been last few weeks.” John said with a grave expression. “you getting shot by people and dying in…”
“of course. ” Sherlock offered him a smile hoping that he could feel how much he was missed in his flat and his life.
But the second his left hand touched his scalp, john jumped and opened his eyes.
“what?” john asked softly all traces of anger had left him filling him with love and protectiveness.
Well despite their valiant efforts sherlock woke with a smile on his face. he didn’t know when he’d get tired of hearing john and rosie’s voice first thing in the morning. He hoped he wouldn’t ever. It was almost two months since john had moved in to the room upstairs. And sherlock had never been happier in his life.  After checking his phone, sherlock swung his legs off the bed and got up to get ready for his day while listening to john’s whispers and Rosie’s babbling.
“oh come on john.” Sherlock said lightly, drugs messing with his mind again.” I’m fiiiine.”
“The security camera.” He explained simply. “That was not taking control of the situation john … not after the first two seconds.”
“if you mean magnussen,” mary’s voice was stone cold now just like her face.” I was perfectly capable of solving that on my own AGAIN if you weren’t involved.”
“well there’s room for improvement” sherlock chuckled.” but I’ll take it gladly” he dropped a light kiss on top of the blond curls.
John chuckled. “fine. “ he gathered his bag and looked like he wanted to say something before leaving. He opened his mouth but closed it again with a glance to Mycroft.
Oh. So this was why he was upset. He was worried that he was too much like his murderer of a sister? John relaxed. This was something he could help with. He could talk to him hours of how different he is to her. How amazing he is regardless of his intelligent. How kind he is to helpless people. How selfless he was for people that he cared about. How protective of mrs.Hudson… he could list any and every reason he loved sherlock for. Because who was he kidding he could talk hours of what sherlock had done for john alone to prove that he could never be anything like Eurus Holmes.
and john wanted… he wanted so bad .. it hurt him physically how much he wanted to take a step and gather the man slouched in the chair across from him in his arms, kiss his pain away, love his doubt away. But he was still drunk right now. john didn’t want the first time he kissed sherlock be tainted by alcohol. He wanted them to both remember it … to want it.
“I can’t” john cut her short. “I can’t leave him now.”
Sherlock rest his head on the bed and stared at the ceiling.
“what happened? “ but he already knew. Mary answered anyway..with her both hands pressing sherlock’s wound.
Suddenly a world of regret opened up under his feet. They could have avoided so much pain so much self-loathing so much suffering. But then he wouldn’t have rosie would he? His beautiful miracle wouldn’t even exist because He wouldn’t spend longer than a day with mary after sherlock came back if he knew what he felt for him. what he could feel for him.
After john put the water glass back on the side table, he didn’t move from his position of sitting on the bed cross-legged and staring at the pillow.  An odd silence fell. A silence so delicate, felt like it can be broken with a single misspoken word.
“Mary… you’re here early.” She never visited him while john was here.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can see that Mycroft. what’s your point?” Sherlock said dryly.
Sherlock had just finished his breakfast. His body was getting used to real food again. He went to his chair easier today and got ready to look in lestrade’s box when he heard his door open and close. He turned his up.
“I’m sorry I shouldn’t have shouted.”  He held the glass to sherlock.
John slowly snaked his arm around sherlock and held his elbow with his other hand. He hadn’t shaken john’s touches off yet so he figured he’d still be okay with him helping.
“just shout if you need anything okay?”
“thank you john, but the sofa isn’t very comfortable. You should sleep in your bed. I’ll be fine. “ sherlock said as he got up and moved towards his room.
“she’s grown so much in just a month.” He said looking back to mary. She was still smiling at him.
The sound of footsteps coming down the stairs pulled him out of his mind. Sherlock sat up and slowly got on his feet as john came in the room with the baby monitor in hand.
“she’s fine … totally …sorry… she’s with mrs.hudson safe and sound. “ greg said quickly.
John took a deep breath went to the kitchen for a glass of water mostly to get himself under control. No matter what, he never wanted to get that angry around sherlock again. And he knew he was clean. he had been for months. It was just low of him to accuse sherlock like that.
“Nah I have nothing to do at home I think I’ll just stay here for a few hours.” Greg answered with an equally cold voice before coming back to the living room and sitting on sherlock’s chair.
“no I had Rosie the last two nights. I guess she’s still getting used to the change in her sleeping place.”
“how DARE you? “ sherlock kept a grin off his face. “ I am no such thing. “
“This time? He was holding you over the edge. I was trying to get to you but I couldn’t move. “ sherlock said his voice shaking in the end. “ It was like my feet were cemented in and he was laughing.”
“hey hey it’s okay.. it was just a dream. “
“Hi greg. How is it going?” he said absentmindedly trying to fetch a cab back home.
Mary nodded “okay then… keep me posted will you?” she bended over john to wrap her arms around his shoulders. John almost pulled away from her touch. Fortunately, mary left without another word. John couldn’t help but think that Sherlock was struggling to live because of mary because of her past. His anger at her for shooting him in the chest came back full force. Sherlock didn’t deserve this.
Fortunately, the cab stopped in front of their flat and he had to get out. His arms and legs were shaking by the time he got to the door. John paid the cab and rushed to him with his bag in his one hand and the key in other. Mrs. Hudson greeted them with rosie in her arms and Sherlock thought to himself that he could get used to this.
“I… me and mary…”john cleared his throat.” We decided to get divorced. “
“I’ll get there as fast as I can … just greg… how bad …is he…” he couldn’t finish his sentence.
Maybe it would help if they both pretended like nothing happened. Sherlock felt like dying all over again. He couldn’t do this now. now that he knew what it was like.
John almost stumbled over his feet in hurry to get to the man.
He didn’t want to think of tomorrow, of what john’s expression would be when he actually thought about tonight. Sherlock’s chest tightened imagining john’s regret, of his repeated “I’m not gay”s. he inhaled sharply. He couldn’t live with that knowing now what it felt like to be wrapped up in john’s sleepy arms. But whatever happened, he still had this. His arm was on john’s back holding him, stealing his warmth through his tshirt. And He WOULD NOT sleep. He focused on john’s rhythmic breathing and his puffs of breath warming his aching side.
“God I love you. “john said quietly. As if he was just talking to himself. Like he hadn’t just flipped sherlock’s world with three words. He didn’t know how to answer. A simple I love you too seemed like an understatement compared to what john was to him.
“Is there anything else that can be done?”
Greg wasn’t even trying to hide his rage anymore. And john was so grateful to him for it.
close to an explosion in Afghanistan… him and a few other people… John Watson and others come to help and move the injured… because the location wasn’t secure… they had to take them back…but…” he laughed again.
“god I’m such an arse… I feel like you’re gonna get hurt whenever I see her too close to you… Is it always gonna be like this?  “john said visibly letting his masks fall away.
“okay all done.” John said. “let’s get you to bed you still need the rest.”  John’s expression had darkened again. The amused smirk gone like smoke.
“I dunno” he half slurred. “probably because he thought we’re a couple”
“I will never …” john tried to talk through the ball that seemed to be stuck in his throat.
“because I don’t want to be guilty of ruining it. “
“I’ve been shot more than two times and … it wasn’t her fault. It’s coming back to me … the aquarium… I provoked norbury…mary warned me… I didn’t listen.”
He walked to rosie and picked her up.
“I didn’t.” sherlock said firmly. “I’m just happy I got Rosie out of the flat soon enough. And he just shot me.”
--------------------------------------------------
“I put a change of clothes on your bed” Greg said from the door. “You’ve got blood on them.”
“ and here John watson happily raising a kid with his long lost life partner. “
“I am sorry” john continued his voice softening. “ you cannot imagine how sorry I am. and… and I am working on it…I’m getting help from professionals to insure that I will never be that person again. And if you…if you let me I will make it up to you the rest of my life.”
“So how’s rosie doing? “ sherlock’s voice cut through his gloomy thoughts. He had almost finished his dinner. Thank god he was eating again; he’d gotten so thin.
he made quick work of washing his hands and rushed out the door to the kitchen. The scene he saw made him dizzy. John was in the kitchen. he turned around when he heard sherlock.
Greg stopped talking when john stood up from his chair and went to Sherlock and held his hand.
Sherlock was already worn out when he started brushing his teeth. His hands were shaking worse than they had during the day, his chest was in agony and the water glass in his left hand wasn’t helping. He spat the last of paste and gurgled one more time. Suddenly he felt like his whole body was on pins and needles. His vison tunneled then he couldn’t see anything past the darkness. He couldn’t hear anything over the thunder in his ears. His knees buckled but he threw his hands on the sink to stop himself from falling.
“well I’m sorry but it’s …um” sherlock said quietly.” he had to choose the ones who were more probable to survi…”
“would you like some water? “
“we will keep him comfortable for now. He still has a high chance of waking up. His wounds seem to be healing on a reasonable pace. “
“Fine she’s fine” john cleared his throat. “seems to get along with her current sitter.” Sherlock was looking at him urging him to continue so he did. “I’m thinking about hiring her as a part-time nanny.”
“sherlock?” he said after he opened the door. “sherlock… what’s wrong?”
“I just wrapped up some interrogations at the yard. Thought I’d come see him. It’s been awhile.” He finished somberly. “how are you holding up?”
Sherlock trailed off looking back to his empty plate. John’s heart broke for the millionth time. Sherlock didn’t think he’d trust him to have Rosie by himself but he was still offering to help after the despicable message john had sent him through molly.
“So back to my story…” He turned to sherlock still lying on the sofa. " yeah he literally swiped the whole floor with the crime scene unit and made them look like morons for messing up the bookcase.”
Sherlock could hear footsteps behind him the third click indicated that Mycroft was here . Sherlock instantly felt safer. “To make up for the inadequacies of your … little life.” He finished with distaste and pity in his voice.
Sherlock got up after a short glance to rosie and opened the door before the person could knock.
Funny enough the fact that sherlock used the word “shit” alarmed john out of his trance. He never even imagined sherlock would want him. he knew he cared about him enough to want him around to give him compliments and be his sounding board and make his tea but not this. Never this.
“night mate.”greg said.
Lautner’s unamused smile was back as he stared at the picture on the mantel although clearly not seeing it.
“hey are you okay?” john said lightly his chest vibrating against sherlock’s middle.
John gave him a little push and sat him on the edge of the bathtub, his left wrist gripped and held higher by john.
“three”
John was sitting outside the operation room with his elbows on his knees and head between hands. He had already talked to mrs. Hudson who had held the phone to an oblivious rosie babbling happily at hearing his daddy’s voice. John had covered his mouth to muffle the relief sobs getting out of his throat. Mycroft had been informed and sent agents to ensure the safety of their home. Too little too late but john was still grateful. because he could focus his painful anxiety on only one of his loved ones.
“be careful of the glass shards I’ll clean it up in a bit. “ greg said sweeping the few pieces off the floor.
“ oh,… my condolences. “
“you’re drunk” john said his worry turning to irritation.
“stop what exactly? “
“no you wouldn’t. My boyfriend is the one who knew dr. Watson in the army.” He said with a slight bitterness to his voice.
mary visits sherlock.
“I’m sorry rosebud.” He whispered in her ear. ” It’s okay we’ll take mr. elfi to see nanna.”  He picked up the stuffed elephant before walking down the stairs to mrs. Hudson’s flat.
“doctor?” he asked urgently unable to say anything else.
John didn’t know how to reply to that so he didn’t say anything. After a few minutes’ he grew tired of the silence.
“calm down … he’s alive… there was a shooting in baker street”
Three minutes stretched to three hours as john fruitlessly tried to wake Sherlock and his and mary’s hands were bathed red in sherlock’s blood when finally, paramedics rushed in the room and took matters into their own hands. They put two tourniquets to stop or at least decrease his bleeding and then wheeled them out to the ambulance while john was trying not to get in the way since his body was shaking ridiculously and no amount of ‘john Watson get your shit together he needs you as a doctor not a trembling mess right now’ helped in particular.
“I was asking if you want anything to eat before your five o’clock meds.” He was standing in front of the kitchen now waiting for sherlock’s answer in his white shirt and black trousers. The clothes he usually wore for work.
Sherlock had been in surgery for some time now. John had slumped on a chair with his head leaning on the wall before him. Mary was walking back and forth in front of the door waiting for a doctor to come out with some news. John was trying so hard not to get flashbacks from the last time Sherlock was shot and he was waiting in a hospital corridor wondering if he’s ever going to see his best friend again or not. Whether he is going to pull another sherlockian miracle and live or not.
………………………………………………………….
“and then I smiled. “ sherlock said with the same somber tone staring at the ceiling. “then I saw my reflection on the window… I looked like her. “
The realization made john smile sadly. “ I’m the one that has to worry sherlock. I’ve wanted this for years. What about you? Are you sure you don’t want to give the Italian dude a try?” john failed at trying to joke. Sherlock could now see how that one sentence had rattled him.
“she’s fine. Mrs Hudson. “
“stop it … Sherlock please.” He tore his look from the ceiling and found john’s eyes.
Rosie let out a loud squeak at the name of john. Sherlock stepped aside to let him in.
“what?” Greg answered coldly his eyes tearing into john’s.
John seemed like he wanted to say he was fine so Sherlock interrupted him.
John was rambling on while looking at sherlock apologetically with his disarrayed hair. Sherlock couldn’t help smiling when he pulled himself up to the headboard and accepted the tablets and the water.
“okaaaay?”
Sherlock’s arm came up and wrapped around john’s back holding him close. John moved a little away not wanting to hurt his ribcage. And also to peak at sherlock’s face. he found his eyes already searching john’s. and apparently seeing what he wanted. Because a second later, he was smiling his most rarest smile. The smile that john had only ever seen directed to himself.
Sherlock jerked awake with a pang. It was still dark. At first he didn’t know what might have woken him up but a few second later he heard a muffled moan from the sitting room. John hadn’t listened to him and slept on the sofa anyway then. He tried to ignore it. He wasn’t particularly interested in whatever or whoever john would be moaning for in his dreams. He turned on his other side and tried to go back to sleep but this time the sound came, it was louder and much more distraught.
Sherlock hummed in agreement.
“sherlock don’t.” marry said louder this time.
“how are you really feeling?”
John couldn’t help the little smile at the tone that he hadn’t heard for so long. Seemed like his sherlock was slowly coming back. He’s not YOUR anything Watson pull your head out of your ass you just beat him to a pulp not so long ago. Suddenly not smiling wasn’t that hard anymore.
“… so the cousin and the fiancé are the main suspects for now but…” john thought he had imagined the low groan coming from sherlock’s direction. And he would have ignored it if not for the grimace on sherlock’s face.
Sherlock hummed and did as he was told.
What was going on with those two? They usually were so easy and warm to each other but now it felt like they had a previous argument that they were both trying to pretend that they hadn’t.
John let out a shaky laugh. “then I’ll make sure to remind you.”
He trudged up the stairs when he heard the laughter. He recognized greg’s voice and sherlock’s laugh which twitched something in his heart. He hadn’t heard it in a long time but the fact that he wasn’t the cause of it either made him taste something bitter in his mouth. He went in from the kitchen door.
John had kissed him and sherlock wanted more . he inhaled deeply and put his arms around his shoulders and pulled him in for a proper kiss. sherlock was hot and cold at the same time. Some part of his mind was wondering why he hadn’t done this sooner.  He felt john’s whole body melt into the kiss. He pulled back to look at john’s face. He opened his eyes when sherlock’s hand rested on his jaw. There were tears in his eyes threatening to fall any second. His face was so full of affection that sherlock felt like his heart would burst out of his chest any second.
“huh?”
…………………………
“that was when I decided to get shitfaced the second the chopper touched the ground.”
“just because I couldn’t stay away from sherlock … from baker street…what was I thinking… a child doesn’t belong in the world of a man with this many enemies “
I love you. I’m sorry. I love you. I got you now.
“jooohn?” sherlock raised his head like he had just noticed john was there.” Wha arr you doin herrr? “he slurred.
Sherlock’s mind was trying to fill in the sentence that john had left incomplete. It was probably ‘dying in the aquarium’. Guilt rushed to him for being the reason of john’s distraught state. But what bothered him more was that he couldn’t read the expression on john’s face as he was staring at sherlock since he had woken up.
“you were grieving… “sherlock whispered. John looked up at him then and saw that greg was right. Sherlock didn’t still think that john was in the wrong here.
“since your deducing skills remain intact, I hope we can assume your brain is undamaged, no more than before I might say. There’s only so many gold fish I can take. “
Sherlock involuntarily flinched with the memory of fists touching his face and feet kicking his ribs. He inhaled through his nose. No, a beating wouldn’t cause chronic illness. Had john failed to cure him while he was wounded in action? Possible but not probable since people usually believe that their doctors do whatever they can to help them, they trust them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was wheeled off to have all the necessary tests done. john was never too far away, following his bed like a shadow. However, he did manage to call Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson to tell them the news. Lestrade had left after asking if he needed anything but he had simply thanked him after giving a rare hug.
“excuse me what? Why?”  he didn’t understand. What would he be worried about? John back at baker street was what he always wanted. At the back of his mind he blamed himself for letting hope in his heart. Of course HE wanted john back. But john had moved on. He had a toddler who he probably didn’t want to raise with a mad detective.
“I came to see you” john frowned helping him up the stairs. He still couldn’t find out what was wrong with him.
“don’t..”sherlock swallowed. john pulled back instantly waiting. “ If this is… if you… this is the most important…. You are the most important person to me john.” Sherlock finally finished a sentence.huray to him. “if this isn’t the same to you….I’d rather know now.”
The rest of the evening went by eventless while john made dinner in the kitchen. When his pasta and meat balls were ready he opened a couple of beers while greg went to help him bring the food to the living room. After they had put the plates down on the coffee table, john looked expectedly to sherlock who still had not moved much from his position on the sofa. The pain in his ribs were intolerable when he tried to get up and he didn’t want anyone to think he needed more babysitters around. But now He couldn’t eat while lying down. He really wished john would look away.
How could he put in words that if john left him now he would simply cease to exist? that without him his entire world was colorless and bleak anyways. So instead he just turned around and found his way back to john’s lips. His entire mind was occupied with john. John’s lips... john’s tongue on his. John’s teeth on his lip. John’s hand around his neck on his cheek pushing him gently to the pillow.
“you have a beautiful daughter.” He said curiously.
“hey there mate. “ john put his jacket over the chair next to the bed. Sherlock was looking the same. Somebody had shaved him though. Probably his mother had come in to see him today.
“The paramedics are on their way.” Mycroft said as he put away his phone and took off his jacket then kneeled behind Sherlock and started murmuring in his ear trying to make him open his eyes again. John felt like closing his eyes and sleeping hoping that he’d wake up from this nightmare but he couldn’t afford such comforts now that a worrying amount of blood was pooling under Sherlock and around their hands despite how hard they were pressing down the two wounds.
“..pets do that or so I’m told. “Sherlock went on ignoring her.” And clearly there’s no one new in your life or you wouldn’t be spending  your Friday nights in an aquarium that accounts for the drink problem too… the slight tremor in your hand, red wine stain ghosting your top lip. So yes I’d say jealousy was your motive after all” norbury finally looked at him with a haunted expression. ” to prove how good you are”
“can anyone find a first aid kit? “john yelled at greg behind him.
“no thanks. When is dr. Watson coming back? “ lautner asked cautiously while standing behind john’s chair in front of the kitchen obviously in a hurry like he didn’t want to sit down.
“no you can’t… just sit down. It’s faster. You can sulk back at home. “ john was surprisingly kind with him these days. He wouldn’t get angry as often as Sherlock remembered he did before.
Slowly sensation came back to his legs and arms and his vision cleared. That was when he felt the new sharp pain in his left palm. he saw the red splattered in the sink among the pieces of his glass.
‘Oh when have you ever had any idea what’s going on in my head’ he thought to himself smiling. “ why would you think that? Of course rosie is my favorite. you’re placed somewhere in the next fifteen.”
“my boyfriend died a week ago. “ he said with a flat voice. His gaze falling to the floor and staying there.
“john… it’s okay” he interrupted him by putting his hand on his face. “ we can take all the time you need… I’m not in a hurry...Did you rehearse that speech while you were upstairs?” he said a smile pulling on his lips.
John took his seat across from him and waited.
But before he could form the words john walked in the room and froze, taking in the picture before him.
Sherlock felt too cold and exposed. He opened his eyes. He was on the sofa it took him a moment to remember why. He took a look at his watch. It was just a little past five. And then panic hit him. John was gone. Was it real? He was sure they had kissed and fell asleep together. Had john woken up to realize that it was just a mistake caused by tangled nightmares? Oh no. if so their friendship would be affected now. he had told him that he loved him. John would feel uncomfortable and want to leave as soon as sherlock recovered.
“you’re here.” Sherlock said unable to form any other sentences. John smiled at him like he had hung the sun and the moon.
“Mary…” john panted spotting his wife kneeling in the middle of the room.  His heart seemed to stop when he saw who she was kneeling next to. Sherlock was leaning against the stairs skin paler than john had ever seen him clutching his bloody right hand on his shoulder.
“hmm?”
“maybe I can still surprise you” she tilted her head and said with a smile that Sherlock didn’t like. And before he know it she lifted the gun and aimed at his heart. Sherlock raised his hands.
“good.” Sherlock relaxed against his pillows. “that’s good.”
“good morning.” The tall man was obviously caught off guard. He seemed to be in his forties, had short brown hair and a hard expression. He was wearing dark jeans and a loose coat over a black jumper.
“you didn’t need to do that john.” Sherlock said not daring to look at mary. This was too much. ‘She must hate me’ he thought.
………………………….
“yeah maybe I shouldn’t be,” john was calm now.” I shouldn’t have been involved … I don’t think it’s too late now. No need to say Sherlock won’t be either.”
“rosie has started crawling. “ john had found a habit of telling Sherlock about his day. Since talking to comatose patients was considered helpful he was safe in case somebody heard him. Because he wasn’t just trying to push sherlock’s brain to consciousness, he also missed talking to his best friend dearly.
Nonononono this wasn’t right no.
John took a deep breath. Okay sherlock god sherlock.
“you need someone to help you with everything for a while... till you get your strength back. “
“not that you can help me with that one.” Sherlock smiled freely now.
as always I hope it was enjoyable and any advice on writing is appreciated :)
“ha ha john is shorter than sherlock… how funny.” John said with an annoyed voice but unable to keep up the bad temper for long.
“Christ Sherlock” john’s voice broke as he ran to the man on the floor.
“no” he repeated. Sherlock had closed his eyes. “ I’m not going anywhere. “
Sherlock let out the breath he was holding the second the door closed. He knew his cheeks were red. Damn his pale complexion. mycroft was avoiding his gaze. But after a second of awkward silence he said:
it had been two days since Sherlock’s waking up. Most of his time was spent with exercises and random examinations. His test results were fine but he still had a long way to go on the path of recovery. Now he could get out of his bed to the chair without falling on his face. But he couldn’t stand up for long without any support. John helped him most but today was Monday and he had to go to work. Mrs Hudson and his parents had come and gone. Sherlock had told everyone to stop coddling him but he felt loved and taken care of despite his best efforts. Lestrade had brought him a box containing cold cases.  He thanked him dearly because he didn’t know what to do today that john wasn’t coming till afternoon and Mycroft had advised him not to get any new real cases from twitter just yet.
Sherlock’s tearful eyes opened and found john’s in the semi-dark room. He continued panting. But at least the painful expression was going away. He turned on his back with a whimper and stared at the ceiling.
“pretending like he needs you here … like you can’t afford to go back to your own life. “mary said her voice rising.
“yeah she’s practically unstoppable … you turn around for one second and she’s gone. Today something happened at the work too…”john went on while his phone played in the background.
John was hit with a new wave of self-loathing. Of course he was ready to blame sherlock again. Of course he didn’t even think about acknowledging his own part.  God. This could be a disaster all over again. Because john was always ready to jump sherlock’s throat the second everything went to shit. The man was shot… again… because of john.
“shshshsh” he said trying to keep the shudder out of his own voice. “ it was just a nightmare. I’m here.” John had to ask where the cell was but not now. a tear shined on sherlock’s temple and john lost it. Suddenly he was seeing another tear that was running down sherlock’s nose as he was doubled over in pain on a mortuary floor.
“though there was a ridiculous one…” Lestrade continued after handing sherlock the water and the tablets and going back to his chair. “I think you’re gonna love this.” he chuckled.
John let out the breath he was holding. There was no need to ask who “he” was. John couldn’t even be relieved that his initial guess was wrong. The pain in sherlock’s voice was ripping into his chest.
“I know god I know” John said all the energy leaving him. “You can’t possibly hate me more than I do myself.”
Sherlock was looking at him with the most vulnerable expression he had ever seen. And then he didn’t know which one of them moved forward; their lips met halfway. It was the most precious kiss john could imagine. Soft gentle and so full of desperation. John kissed like his life depended on it.
“I think I should go get rosie. Unless you wanna go home and take a rest too. I can be …”
Sherlock opened his eyes and for the first time in weeks found john’s eyes in the room.
john was using a voice sherlock hadn’t heard in a long time. Like he actually was worried about him. Like he cared if anything happened to him. He nodded but He actually felt like crying. John seemed to think it was enough.
“john? That you? “ greg said while he was putting the bags on the kitchen table.
There was movement under his eyelids. Greg had appeared on the other side of his bed.
“because I didn’t correct him” sherlock chuckled again.
“He’s stable for now… we think he has a high chance of pulling through “john let out the breath he was holding. ” although I am worried about the brain damage caused by his excessive blood loss. We need to wait and see on that matter. “
The room was dark and sherlock was panting and whimpering. John turned on the bedside lamp and knelt beside the bed. Sherlock was on his side facing the door. His arms wrapped around himself.  It seemed like a nasty nightmare if the agonized frown on sherlock was anything to go by.
Sherlock’s wounds had been treated and his vitals were stable but he had not awakened yet. The doctors were still running test. All john could do was to sit there and glare at him thinking maybe he could make him wake up by sheer will.
“what happened john?” he asked firmly. He really wished they could have this conversation some time later but sherlock’s voice left no place for argument.
“yeah I took a couple of weeks off. “he said in a surprisingly low tone.
In the back of his mind something was nagging him that he shouldn’t have said that but he was too tired to care. And it couldn’t have been that bad, john was looking at him in a very soft and loving way. So he relaxed and basked in the warmth of john’s smile.
“no it wasn’t “now he was truly unto the subject.
Sherlock and john were back in the room alone at last. The doctors were happy with his results. He hadn’t said much since he had woken up. He remembered coming back to London with john and mary and not much afterwards.
“I DON’T” john exclaimed. “I don’t….I blamed myself and pretending that it was his fault was just easier than facing it. But I know …I … I get how cruel I was…I’m trying…I’m trying to change.”
“have it your way. Goodbye john.” Sherlock was almost at his bedroom when john grabbed his arm.
“yeah why not I’d like to meet anyone who would make an idiot out of your crime scene unit.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock was frowning at him his lips pressed. John was feeling his heartbeat under his hand.
“really? You’re not joking?” john said his face lighting up.
“tell me this is real.” Sherlock whispered. Like if he talked too loud he would break this illusion, this dream.
“what are you doing here so late greg?” he said while bending over to pick up the book.
He was done.. he was done hurting this man and himself by being an idiot coward. He stepped around sherlock to face him.
He opened his mouth to say something but no voice came out. Which was normal after weeks of disuse.
“yeah um “ he turned to face the living room his eyes swept over greg in his chair… stupid how he still thought of it as his chair when he hadn’t lived here in years… and fell on sherlock lying down on the sofa. He was not laughing anymore. He had the same hesitant look in his eyes that he had in the cake parlor yesterday.
“Yeah um… the sitter got rosie early and she has her for the night so I thought we’d give mrs.hudson the night off.” John said to greg while putting away the groceries.
“lestrade” he greeted quietly. Greg’s head turned to him smiling.
“how do you feel like one of your own compositions today?” john touched sherlock’s matted curls, put his phone on the bedside table and played the music. It was one of his more energetic and mysterious compositions that john had recorded while Sherlock was playing one time.
“sherlock you have saved my life on more than one occasion but most importantly you have saved my soul and this has taken me a long time and I hate myself for taking this long to see this because I love you.” Sherlock felt tears welling in his eyes. He wouldn’t even imagine this in his wildest dreams.
Mary followed sherlock’s look and froze as well.
“two Burmese and a tortoiseshell judging by the cat hairs on your cardigan. A divorcee is more likely to look for a new partner, a widow to fill the void left by her dead husband.” He continued.
‘dying in my arms.’ He had almost said before he could stop himself. But he couldn’t tell sherlock how he had bled to death in his arms just a few minutes earlier. He also couldn’t tell him that he had kissed him on his lifeless lips for the first time wishing he was dead himself too.
“In an ambulance. They’re taking him to London medical. Probably already there by now. I couldn’t go with him I had to arrest the shooter and take him away. “
“just providing data, brother mine.” But he could feel the smile in his voice. “rest for now. I’ll be here for a few hours until mummy and dad arrive.”
“john Watson’’ sherlock said his voice heavy. “you will be the death of me. “
anyways... tell me what you think :)
“I remembered something then.” Sherlock said pulling john out of his thoughts.
John had an odd expression that sherlock couldn’t decipher.
“did you seriously take time off work to coddle me?” Sherlock said trying to change the obvious misery in the air. And it worked. John sat up crossing his arms in front of his chest. Frowning at Sherlock. Well that one was defiantly a good sign if he was ready to boss him around.
“don’t worry she’s safe. Just save your energy alright? “ lestrade sounded frantic his eyes full of worry.
“Thank you doctor” john said quietly and turned to Sherlock waiting for the man to leave. When he finally heard the door close he put his hands to his face and he sobbed into them.
“Hey” john said urgently grabbing sherlock’s elbow to steady him. “what’s wrong? What happened? “
Oh. Oh. Sherlock cursed internally. Of course. He hadn’t told john the details of his two years away.
The depth of his consideration filled sherlock’s chest with warmth. But he tried to keep his feeling from being exposed on his face.
Lestrade’s voice cut through sherlock’s memory of gray-blond hair on his cheek. “hmmm sorry? “
The first thing lautner noticed was rosie.
“john I have been in love with you for years I think I would like to remember our first kiss.”
………………………………….
“Sherlock.. mate stay with me okay?” john said urgently. Rushing his hand on sherlock’s back Pressing on mary’s already steady hand.
“I thought I’d read a bit to him today. Then I’ll head home. You should go ahead” john said seriously as he was getting up.
He moved to go back to the living room but sherlock grabbed his wrist. He still was staring at the ceiling.
Oh god no... sherlock … he was supposed to be watching rosie today. The grocery bag slipped through his numb fingers but he barely noticed.
Sherlock’s breath hitched in his chest. John was still looking outside. ‘you’re mine’ he had said. Of course he didn’t mean he was his. He just meant he was his favorite person after his daughter!! He honestly didn’t know which was better. He felt his face heat and he didn’t know what to respond.
Sherlock was vaguely aware of greg hurrying to his room and back and then out again. His palm was dripping blood in the tub, making stunning patterns against the porcelain.
John’s breathing had slowed and deepened. He was obviously asleep. But sherlock didn’t want to follow suit; afraid that the second he loses consciousness, all this vanishes. That this was all just a dream. But john was back, he had taken care of him with his gentle healer hands and he had kissed him.
“sure” Mary put down the bag on a chair and the flowers on sherlock’s bed side table. Then she retrieved rosie from the sling and handed her to sherlock’s waiting arms.
At this sherlock thought back to john’s words…romantic entanglement …will complete you as a human being…if sherlock just casually said no to greg’s suggestion maybe john would start lecturing him again about love and romance and the woman.
“oh I forgot. “
Sherlock slowly came to from his nap on the sofa. He rubbed his hand on his still aching ribs and opened his eyes. The flat was quiet, he looked around looking for molly but found greg sitting on john’s chair. He must’ve slept longer than he thought.
Rosie was clanking on her xylophone while sherlock sat cross-legged in front of her listening to her concerto, swiping on his emails when he heard the front door’s bell. Mrs Hudson and a man’s muffled voice reached him. It didn’t sound like anybody familiar. Client then, but mrs Hudson had let him up despite sherlock’s rule of no client while he was watching rosie. His gait on the steps were calculated. Interesting.
“Are you alright?”  Greg said as he sat beside john.
his full bladder was what woke him up and before he was completely awake and aware of the pain in his head he had stumbled to the bathroom and relieved himself. That was when the events of yesterday rushed up into his mind. The bar, the drinking, john waiting for him in baker street. Oh god did john really kiss him?
“oh god” this was his fault. He must’ve gone instead of mary. He should’ve been there to stop this. Tears ran more freely now. He got up and took his chair closer to sherlock’s bed. John took his hand minding the IV lines and held it between his own two palms.
At this john froze while staring at sherlock. He didn’t look satisfied as sherlock expected. He had a somber look in his eyes before averting them and mumbling something about tea and going to the kitchen.
He got up and went back to the sink; john’s arms not leaving him.
John was obviously trying to hide his anger but there was something else in his eyes. Sadness? Pity? No he wouldn’t pity him. Guilt. But why would he feel guilty? But before he could figure out he heard the click of an umbrella on the floor outside his room and a few seconds later Mycroft opened the door.
“no no no no.” john sat up straight, his hand on sherlock’s shoulder and chest. “no listen to me sherlock holmes. I am grateful that by some miracle you still want me around... even as more than a friend. But we cannot work if you still think what I did to you was acceptable.”
*****
“he’s right john. I’m fine now. I’ll call if I need anything. Go home, rest, come back with some cold cases. “
Oh. Images rushed back in his mind with terror. He sobered slightly.
“heeey.” John couldn’t stop the tears clouding his vision. “it’s okay .. you’re alright… you’re in a hospital… I’m here. “ he held his hand tightly afraid that if he let go Sherlock would sleep and never wake up again.
The shooter. John hadn’t thought about that till now. somebody had shot sherlock in his own home. Their home. He was glad lestrade was already taking him away or john didn’t know what he’d do if he got his hands on him.
But the sound of glass shattering in the bathroom stopped him in mid-sentence.
He pulled back and looked up. Sherlock was already scanning his face for any signs of doubt. John couldn’t help smiling reassuringly. Sherlock pulled him tightly against his chest one more time before he let go abruptly and disappearing behind his door.
John waited for more but nothing came. He took  a few deep breaths.
Lautner shifted his weight from a foot to another and hesitated before answering.
Sherlock chuckled which triggered john’s ever so adorable giggle.  Tension left sherlock’s bones and he sagged against the pillows. This couldn’t be that bad. Of course if john regretted anything, he wouldn’t be looking at sherlock with so much compassion right?
“john… I thought you were at work. Mary brought rosie to visit me.” He returned his look to her. And he seemed to have succeeded, since john only came in and stood next to Sherlock to watch his sleeping daughter.
“rather unfortunate for a homicide detective.” John said smirking and continued wrapping his palm.
Sherlock’s chapped lips felt like heaven on his own. it was like everything was right with the world for the first time in god knew how long. john felt strong arms pulling him in … securing him… grounding him. sherlock pulled his lips away slightly resting his forehead on john’s. his breath fluttered on john’s skin reminding him of sherlock’s intoxicated state. John slid his head in the crook of his neck and wrapped his arms around his back.
“Sherlock? Please wake up … please open your eyes .. for me?” his voice broke.
“you’re not. okay? This is my choice… not yours” john said firmly. Sherlock looked unconvinced but nodded and returned to staring at the ceiling.
“why would he think that?” john frowned with confusion.
“Sherlock? Are you alright? You’re not saying anything… it’s getting a bit scary now.” john whispered.
“Greg told me what happened. “he said gravely. “I’m sorry sherlock. My past put you in danger.”
“no” john stood up too. But sherlock didn’t stop.
A chuckle made it through sherlock’s throat. Then he steeled himself to tell mary that he was sorry. It was true. He was. She didn’t need to know what else he felt.
I think the next chapter is gonna be the last. i'll upload around tuesday.
“so” john inhaled deeply; finally looking at sherlock. “ I kinda cocked up the morning after didn’t I? “
“of course I do… I have for years.” John continues his voice shaky. “sherlock holmes, your heart is bigger than your brilliant brain and I’m honored to be one of the few people who has seen and known the real you… That you have let me see… now I don’t know what this means… I don’t know what kind of man that makes me… to not be separated from his wife more than few weeks and now I’m telling you that I have loved you for years” john’s face contorted in a painful expression and he averted his eyes away from sherlock.
“john?” Sherlock said gently sitting on the coffee table. But john didn’t wake up or show any reaction so he tried louder this time. “john wake up you’re just having a nightmare. “
“what..” he tried to say. But his throat was scratchy. He swallowed and tried again. “what happened?” john who was a bit alarmed at his laugh, relaxed and brought him a cup with a straw and raised his bed head. Sherlock gratefully accepted.
Perfect. Just perfect. This felt too familiar. John and mary about to have a row and himself weak after being shot. The only difference was the innocent baby in his arms. No he couldn’t bear to have her wake up to her yelling parents. So he said in a light tone:
John didn’t want more details. He just wanted sherlock to be alright again.
“john?” Sherlock asked. Suddenly he put the bags on the chair and wrapped his arms around sherlock’s shoulders and rested his head against his temple. Sherlock held his breath trying to take all of it in . john’s breath on his ear, his tight grip. He weakly tried to raise his arm and return the hug but he only managed to touch john’s shoulder with his right hand.
“john stop this,” mary said defensively. “ I told you why I had to disappear I was trying to keep you and rosie safe. And if you hadn’t come after me maybe this wouldn’t have happened.” She pointed at Sherlock.
“hmmm no idon’t think so.”
I enjoyed writing this:) as always comments are very appreciated.
“I’m here to see john Watson. He’s an old friend. Name’s Fred Lautner. “
John was right the distance between his room and the entrance which led to the street was longer than the amount he could manage standing up.  John hailed a cab and helped him into it. He started nodding off after a few minutes. Sherlock noticed the dark circles under his eyes. Although he had gone home last few nights he was still tired.
John was sitting on an uncomfortable hospital chair. It had been three days since Sherlock was shot. And now he was lying almost lifeless in front of john. He had barely talked to mary last few days other than asking her about rosie and waiting long enough in home to shower and change and embrace his daughter close wishing he could breathe her into him. Rosie’s heartbeat was the only thing that made him feel he still had a heart himself.
I really enjoyed this part. hope you guys did too :) tell me what you think.
When he stepped into the kitchen john had finished feeding rosie and was cleaning up the table. He looked up and grimaced in apology. “sorry I hope we let you get at least a bit of sleep.”
“nothing… it was a figure of speech” he said casually. please john. Just let it go.
“probably not... it’ll get better… you have rosie to think about now. you need to be civil.” He said carefully, not revealing the swelling of the heart in his chest. John’s walk to his side, now in the light of his words, made sense.
“Thank you… he passed away after years of therapy, hospitals and surgeries. “
“Rosie…my  beautiful amazing Rosie… she could’ve…” he struggled to get the words out that were threatening to choke him. He put his face back in his hands.
“problem was that they couldn’t take more than four people with themselves. There were more than that injured… so john Watson decided to play god and CHOSE who should be saved.”
Finally, in the light of the living room john had a good look but shelock didn’t seem in pain when he took off his coat, jacket and scarf and missed the hook on the wall.
“He.. the shooter…fred lautner .. wasn’t there for sherlock.” Lestrade finally looked at john. “I interrogated him before coming here. He was…. looking for you.”
“come here” he said with a shaky voice. Sherlock joined him on the sofa. John closed in for another kiss this time with more urgency. One of his hand’s was roaming sherlock’s back and the other was curled around his neck. It felt like john was trying to fill years of feelings in a kiss.
Mary nodded her head once, turned around and walked out of the door.
Sherlock nodded slightly. John hurried to his bag and got his bottle and a cup. He raised the head of the bed and held the cup for Sherlock to swallow slowly. Nurses and doctors followed by lestrade came into the room they started their own observations and questions but john held sherlock’s hand and didn’t let go knowing how he hated being crowded by strangers. Greg glanced at their joined hands once but didn’t say anything. Now that Sherlock was awake john could not care less about what people might think about them.
“I’m not here as a client.” Well he knew that already.
“how ..”john’s voice broke. He took a deep breath. He had to do this. “how can you still want this after… want me after… what I did?” john couldn’t continue looking in sherlock’s eyes so he just stared at his lips instead.
Sherlock eased himself on the armrest of the sofa pulling john on to him. His smaller figure fit perfectly with him. John pulled his face back and rest his head on sherlock’s chest. Both of them breathing heavily held onto each other. Sherlock listened to john and his own breathing until they both drifted off to sleep.
“Sherlock?” the calm in his voice shocking to even himself. “Sherlock can you hear me? It’s john.”
“you said that she just smiled at you… that‘s all it was… just a smile. “
“It’s already stopped bleeding. I’ll just put some antibiotic on and wrap it up. “
“good morning” sherlock said not looking at his eyes and making his way to the bathroom. Only to find his way blocked by john, Who put his left hand on his jaw. Sherlock let out the breath he was holding and finally locked eyes with john.
the eventual fluff and first kiss ^_^
John turned the light off and continued playing with sherlock’s curls. Something he always wanted to do. His breathing had slowed down so john thought he was back to sleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“well it’s not just that is it? “ lestrade said mirroring his frown. “you’re still recovering. You need someone to keep an eye on you. “
Lestrade came to his side wordlessly and got his arm around his shoulder when he tried to get up and keep the grimace off his face. he managed to sit up without a whimper with greg’s help and accepted his plate of dinner. That was when he glanced at john sitting on his own chair with the darkest expression on his face.
“So it would seem” she said “You’ve seen right through me mr.holmes”
“doctor Watson you haven’t slept properly in weeks why don’t you go back home and take a long rest. I’m sure I can provide my brother the assistance he might need.”
Whatwhenwherehowwhat… john’s brain halted. He remembered his words. His confession done in the exact same room... him ending up sobbing in sherlock’s arms. But he couldn’t see the connection. So he said something smart like…
John pulled away after what seemed like a million years. Sherlock moved himself so he’d lie his head on john’s heart. He felt like he could die from happiness. Like he could stay in this bed on this man his entire life without getting tired.
“heeey” john protested. Mycroft took a look at john probably seeing the tired eyes and the slow movements. Sherlcok saw them too …that john was tired but he didn’t want him to leave him yet.
And when john continued to stare at him confused he continued. “apparently his boyfriend is dead because you didn’t treat him back when you were in the army.”
“mary” he exclaimed. There was a baby sling around her shoulder as well as a supply bag and a bouquet of flower. “and little Watson”
