“I didn’t expect
… I don't really fancy anything – strenuous.”
“Violin?” John asked with a friendly, entertained smile.
seemed to--”
“I said I would help--” John objected, tensing to get up, though he stopped abruptly, probably because of their landlady.
you."
!” he whinged, pushing his palm harder and harder over John’s lips when he let the song continue, even through being smothered by Sherlock's sweet-smelling hand. The force at which John was stifled knocked the both of them into a wall, something Sherlock took full advantage of, pinning John in place with his hips, his legs, to huff at him angrily. “Stop. No more.”
Nodding, just enough that their skin rubbed, some stubble John had missed scraping pleasurably against him, Sherlock reached up to grip at the soft, comfortable, gorgeous jumper, “I...didn’t...I didn’t know
John reached for Sherlock in return for the first few minutes and just held tightly onto him, trying to calm Sherlock, trying to speak to tell him to slow down, to tell him that this was a bad idea, that they needed to talk to understand it and not mess it up anymore than it had been, "Sher—"
Mrs Hudson frowned up at him, then shook her head, “Oh you silly man,” she said. “He’s not going to
. She doesn’t want you. I doubt she ever did! - She took advantage of you, of your trust, of your love for her. She’s a liar and a manipulator. You deserve a
"Even 'a lot more toys'?" John asked as Orion bounded about after the stick.
Letting his head go back against him, Sherlock sighed aloud, privately relishing in John’s tone vibrating through him, “She’ll frame it…”
last.
“Merry Christmas!” she called as she entered, carrying a small plate of mince pies.
“I could,” Sherlock told him, offering an elbow hopefully, “but I think it should be you.”
As he stared, Sherlock looked back at him from under a floppy quiff of hair and quirked an eyebrow, mouth pursing in immense displeasure, “You were supposed to be back
very married, does he?"
. - Is that okay?”
Chuckling gently, John nodded, “Yeah, it feels like that every time. It's been going on between us for months and the shock of it still hasn't worn off really.”
Sometimes Greg wished New Scotland Yard would catch fire and burn to the ground. No one inside it of course (well, maybe
“We wouldn’t be able to eat it all in one sitting anyway,” Mrs Hudson said with a nod and set the plate on the coffee table. “It’ll be another hour yet before we have to start the vegetables, but feel free to come down before then.”
of John's heart. John felt the moment that Sherlock fell asleep, felt the wakeful tension drain from the man's body and his change in breathing.
That first tentative touch and scratch of stubble shot a scalding spark of arousal down John’s spine, followed by another and another as the kiss deepened, Greg’s mouth parting wet and warm over John’s top lip. He moved his free hand to Greg's waist, holding tightly as he let himself be tasted and devoured. It was different to what he was entirely used to with Sherlock. Though Sherlock could be a little demanding and domineering in his kisses, he didn’t have the same roughness that Greg had. A rugged skill that danced along the line between too much and not enough. It was good. Greg was good. John felt a pang of pity and flare of annoyance at such skill being wasted and not appreciated.
"That would be nice," John grinned when Orion rolled over with the stick, lying in the grass for a moment before running back to them. "We could try their fake German sausage."
,” John exhaled, tipping his head at an angle, pulled to Sherlock, moved with a pulse of heat, of want, of deep seated affection. Looking at him up close, John studied the way the fibrous ocean of his irises rippled with each dilation and contraction of the pupil, as he nuzzled his nose against the side of Sherlock's. “
Sherlock shuddered with buckling legs, “You were late back,” he whined through gritted teeth, scratching a stinging path down John’s arms. "
“Your
," John muttered and all but punched the button for the lift.
. At the very least I can experiment, yeah? Kiss one of you? See if anything...
John met his eyes, prowling back to him with a smirk and a glower, "And?" he prompted.
"No, we
“Oh must you? They look so nice. It’s not Christmas without a bit of mistletoe – And we might have people come around--”
powerful. Surprisingly strong. Enough to overpower you. To have you... have you at my mercy, if I so wanted.” He carefully probed at Sherlock, sliding a finger in steadily. It wasn't a gentle penetration, but it wasn't too rough or unexpected either. John watched for signs of discomfort just in case, signs which didn't seem to be occurring. Sherlock just pushed himself back, chasing the sensation, greedy and lustful. "Yeah... you like that, don't you?"
Greg arched an eyebrow, “Not all the time it’s not. -
Steadily, as he gave himself over to the recollection of his first look at John with abandon, Sherlock was soothingly lulled into an odd floating slumber he was incapable of fighting out from. His limbs became heavy, head filling with busy static that made little sense, thoughts condensed into fuzzy, barely understandable circling words. He flinched a few times, he was conscious of that, jolting back to awareness at the distant sound of clattering and thumping that drifted in from the kitchen, but ultimately was pulled into the relentless wrench of the sleep he hadn’t had.
me. That I'm the one able to show you those things… to give you the pleasure you've never felt before...” John trailed off, tugging at the neck of his jumper. “It doesn't matter though. If you weren't, that's fine too... it's all just perfectly
John chuckled behind him, “I can believe that,” he said, his voice light and cheerful. “
then... then there would be a
“You can’t ask two questions,” Sherlock told him, flashing a small, twisting grin. “But no. Not
under the tree," the abominable woman said as she started scanning everything through. "Did you need a bag, dear?"
by my cockiness!” Sherlock called out to his striking retreating figure, grinning when John playfully swivelled around to stick his fingers up at him, disappearing from sight with a grin of his own.
“It’s few, I grant you, but not all are closed. The big places are, as they are required to by law, but the smaller shops can get away with it,” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock hummed with a broken, wavering tone, lifting an arm up after a second to wipe at his face, “Yes,” he replied in a fragile voice, giving a sharp, determined and rather confident nod. “Yes.
. - Little bit scary too, if I'm being honest.” They were talking about something else. This was something else. "Like staring down the barrel of a gun..."
Sherlock took it, “Yes, I assume so. - Large stores of more than 3,000 square feet can’t open on Easter Sunday or Christmas Day, but small shops are free to open when they choose,” he murmured, chucking the stick further. “Good thing to.”
When he'd dried himself off, John moved to stand in front of the bathroom sink to wipe it the condensation off the mirror and look at his reflection, checking the state of his hair and skin, and caught sight of the underwear from the corner of his eye. They were slumped on the toilet lid where he'd flung them, Sherlock's face staring over at him from the crotch, the slight smile on his face seeming almost challenging, egging him on to at least try, to see, to go through with it, if only for curiosity's sake. After a returning glare to the blameless pants, lips tightening and jaw cocking aside, John exhaled a long sigh through his nose and grabbed for them, shimming them up to cup and cover his genitals. With them in place, he had to admit that they were a good fit. They held him well, clung in all the right places, and where the image had been added wasn't as awkward feeling as he had thought it might be. They were stupidly comfortable. How could they not be with the world against him so often recently?
have. You’re thorough. You would have double checked, triple checked, that I’d be interested in this, otherwise you’d not be this confident.”
? Why are you looking at me like that?” He straightened in the chair, eyes widening and lips parting at John's head slant and sideways smile. “
would I ask him to ask you—well, all right, he didn’t
He sighed, finally turning into his parking spot outside his home. It had been a long day – too long – and his back was really feeling the effects of his crappy desk chair and leaning over what felt like miles of paperwork. Desk jobs were underappreciated, and he never wanted one. At least now he could eat that leftover Indian he had tucked away in his fridge, and his sofa was well and truly broken in.
“Isn’t that... tiresome?” Sherlock questioned around a sigh, eyelids shaking closed and catching just the end of John’s thumb tip with damp, clumpy lashes as it skimmed by a second time. “You are the one person whom I don’t want to bore. I prefer that you find me unpredictable and
situation...yes. It’s a
Greg gave Sherlock a resigned sort of scowl as he took his mug from John’s offering hand, “You mean you can’t sleep?”
Greg had to force himself not to smile, remembering all the times John had complained to him about how completely unfair it was that ‘the sexiest man
– I don't want that...”
John shifted, glancing at the driver, "That's..."
“I didn’t want to bother you,” she said. “Just my bones getting old.”
John glared and released his constraining grip on Sherlock’s coattail, “Don’t complain to me! I’m not the one who
an issue with the occasional thought leaking out sometimes, granted, but that's normally during your thought processes connected to a case. You
“Maybe,” Sherlock answered, giving John’s palpable smugness a glare.
Frantically, with uncharacteristically clumsy fingers, Sherlock attacked John’s clothes, unbuttoning his shirt, “
"Yeah, you're a good liar," John replied, nodding and poking up under his armpits to make him abruptly bite back a squeal. "Was all
is what you’re excited over? What you think I will like?--Is it a murder case?”
your moods. I know what you love and hate. I know when you need me and when you don't...” He smoothed a thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone, wiping away the salty track of a tear long fallen. “It's not obvious. Not to anyone else but me.”
“I don’t beg,” Sherlock answered back, enunciating each word as if they tasted bitterly sour in his mouth and frowning in outrage when such a tone prompted Greg to pluck John’s hand from the hot, throbbing cock in his grasp. It almost physically hurt to let go, but John let himself be taken and guided, revelling in the sight, the knowledge, the sensation of Greg’s skin getting moist as Sherlock’s pre-come was shared between them. “I’m
“You’re not so quick to hide it any more. I think it’s sweet.”
Frowning in confusion, Sherlock stopped and bent to him, nosing his way across John’s cheek to get to his mouth, sliding their lips together very lightly, “Stop being so awkward,” he whispered as he pulled back an inch. “You’re ridiculous. I’ve seen you erect. I’ve been erect
times better.”
Mrs Hudson beamed and applauded and John set the ice cream and custard down to the side, "It turned out
Rolling on the condom, John added more lube than was strictly required before shuffling closer, positioning and aligning himself, gently pushing the bubbled tip of his covered cock inside, “Okay?” he asked Sherlock, watching glazed eyes meet his, “Doesn't hurt?”
Sherlock felt his skin tingle and itch with slight arousal at the suggestion, thoughts suddenly lewd, “I’m
Sherlock sniffed and rubbed the end of his nose briefly, “They aren’t stupid…”
"He won't if he knows what's good for him," John muttered darkly and stepped out of the lift. "
“That was…” Greg whispered, caught in the quiet, intimate moment as he swayed between closing the distance again and leaning back. He chose, after a tingling and anticipating few seconds, to lean back and blinked, passing his tongue over his bottom lip with a thoughtful frown. “Not as bad as I thought—Not that I thought you were going to be a bad kisser, John. Just… you know…
Orion continued to play with Sherlock’s hand and fingers, licking and biting them at various intervals before hopping up to lap at Sherlock’s cheek, happily energetic. John, that strong, warm weight at his side, chuckled as he did so, and crouched at Sherlock’s side to steal Orion’s attention again, stroking at his head and teasing the puppy.
John shrugged, finding it just as ridiculous but far too used to it to care or expect anything less, “He doesn't always require, uh, '
“Sherlock?” John mumbled when he could manage to pull his gaze down, to focus on what was happening now and not what may happen. What could potentially break him. “It's alright. She's --” He looked at Mrs Hudson and then laughed properly, stroking along her fingers. “She's a bit irritating but she means well.”
“Got it in one,” Greg nodded, strolling with purpose over to Sherlock’s chair, a smug and challenging smirk spreading across his face as he sank into it, glancing at the huddled, suddenly glaring, consulting detective. “What’s with the insulation?--”
John brushed his lips against his fingers, tilting and gently shaking his head, and curled his arm around Sherlock's waist. Holding tightly until he let him speak freely and unhindered again, “I was half of a person after the army, I had nothing to live for. There was nothing but
“You would be all right with...” Sherlock mumbled slowly, blinking in shock, and pointing at himself with a lifted brow. “
“I do say so,” Sherlock grumbled, nose in the air and stomach rumbling. “God I’m starving.”
“You’re uncircumcised…” Sherlock muttered, “Didn’t deduce that either.”
Screwing his eyes closed at his own stupidity, at how easily Sherlock could read sometimes, John clenched his jaw and flushed, “Nuh-No...”
“Dogs don’t need coats,” Sherlock huffed as he looked it over in mild disgust. “More so a German shepherd, Mrs Hudson.”
. No, but... it does look
Sitting down, Sherlock tucked his chair in and began loading his plate, pushing things into neat sections first, and then clumping them all together, taking a mouthful, trying to ignore John’s jovially enamoured expression, “
don’t talk! That’s… that’s what we
“Bit late for that, clearly,” Sherlock murmured in reply.
, but what that is, I’m not sure. If it’s just watching or… um… kissing…”
!” John let of his arms and scrabbled at Sherlock's hips, only needing half a dozen more thrusts before he came with a combined shout of Sherlock's name and a curse. He went up on his toes, trying to push deeper, to extend his orgasm, but the movement forced the both of them to suddenly lose their balance, neither able to brace quite fast enough to stop them from ending up in a messy pile. Sherlock still bent, landed on his knees with his cheek against the carpet, and John fell over the top of him, almost doing the splits. “Fucking hell... That – was –
Sherlock swallowed and frowned and took a shaky breath, trying to think, trying to read his face, “Yes...we...we do...but…”
... the time for slow. I can't do
in love, but neither of us were bright or brave enough to admit it, to put it out in the open, to talk about it...”
?” Mrs Hudson's voice lilted as she made her way up. Judging by sound she was carrying a tray, which could only mean that she had been baking, and that she was staying for a chat. "You home?"
“No?” Greg challenged.
John narrowed his eyes in suspicion again, at the thought that Santa might actually know Sherlock and that John would somehow sabotage things, make things awkward, “Er – his name is – Holm – Holmerrr –
“She's a survivor,” John said quietly, “She'll be running the place in no time.” Having Sherlock so close, just a hair's breadth away, was too much of a temptation, too much for John to ignore, and he turned to nose at his warm, soft curls, leaning in to press a tender kiss on Sherlock's forehead. His temple. The peeking helix of his ear. He wanted to kiss every part of him. Just everywhere and never stop.
“True,” John agreed with a chuckle. “What you were
"She might have some dog themed gifts for you."
"I don't think I do."
told you. You’ve not asked me, in fact. You didn’t ask me
“Twice?” Greg repeated in a strangled tone and launched himself on them both, grinding his stubbly chin into the tensed line of John’s corded arm and reaching out to run his knuckles over one, then both of Sherlock’s nipples, sending him squirming in a wild, bucking frenzy. His muscles clamped, shuddered and squeezed deliciously around John’s penetrating cock, clinging to him, determined not to let him go. “Yeah…
“Oh!” she exclaimed when she saw them, her entire face softening.
“Would you be comfortable with roses?”
Detective Inspector on your way in.”
John looked over at him with another flash of worry, having noticed Sherlock’s odd hitching hesitation, but inclined his head, "I used to work with them while on tour sometimes.
. Well. I…I’m really not gay…or rather, I didn’t
John swayed his hips in an almost hypnotising manner to keep the cookie out of sight, “
unsexy,” Sherlock agreed and then slipped his arms under John’s armpits, treating him as if he were too tired to really move. Like an exhausted toddler. John supposed he couldn’t complain too intensely, considering he was rather weary. Pushing kisses, too many to count, along John's shoulder, Sherlock moaned softly in contentment and then tugged him. “Up. Stand up.”
?” he questioned with a hitching intake of air, hands flailing and knees wobbling as he tried to keep the position. “How... how can you even tell if I’ve done as you demand?” Sherlock rocked forward with another slap John gave him, fumbling to catch himself against the wall, and whined through his clenched teeth. After another commanding, sharp tap to his parted buttocks and shaking thighs, Sherlock angled his head and squashed his face into the mess, licking clumsily and noisily.
“Not Sher—
"It won't take long," he replied. "Just sign a few things, answer a few questions..."
“For the love of God,
“It's bothering me a bit, yeah,” John replied, pressing and pushing a hand to his head, trying not to stare at Sherlock's tenderly curious expression. He seemed almost hopeful. He shrugged again. “I
“Won't be a tick then.”
“A new laptop then,” John said and Sherlock could hear the smile in his voice. “I’ll be back in a mo.”
“Beagles are awfully good at tracking,” Sherlock told him, stroking at his knuckles and tilting his head. “Were you thinking about that breed of dog when you thought of adding one to our household?”
“If it helps, I never want to stop,” John admitted, trailing after him and rubbing his thumb across Greg's bottom lip before going in for another soft kiss, “But I shouldn’t because
He brooded the entire way to the surgery, surprising Sarah who hadn't expected him in until later. Therefore, with no appointments booked, John took on the emergency clinic and was thankfully occupied enough throughout the day to stop himself from pondering, from panicking, from dreading about what he faced when he returned home. In fact, he stayed as late as he could, so late that it became obviously suspicious and Sarah came to him, tilting her head and asking probing questions, it took everything in him not to snap at her, not to shout, before he bid her goodnight and finally, headed back home. It was a one off, he told himself, it had to be a one off, probably just a reaction from their proximity, from the strange tension and his corrupted feelings. How was he going to explain this to Sherlock? Did it need explaining? What was Sherlock's thoughts during all of it? Why had Sherlock come to his room, why had he done any of it?
persona."
"Well I didn't bloody realise that! I thought I had only started when I was forced to do the washing up,” John replied, making sure to be just as loud as Sherlock, if a tad louder, and folding his arms in reaction to Sherlock's widening stance of bullying dominance. “Look, I'm
being a ‘marriage?’ Or...is there...something else?” he asked in a rumble, brow furrowed. He inhaled quickly in the next second and turned to face John. “Is this the first time he’s brought this up? - What’s he said to you?”
Panting, Sherlock lifted his wavering hands, pressing them to the wall above his head, digging his nails in slightly, every muscle twitching and tensing, “Are… you sure you can even reach?” he muttered, clearly provoking.
together… but…”
John had an inkling of what Sherlock might be talking about, but he didn't want to break the spell of this confession, of him expressing himself with something that was normally difficult to talk about. Despite them being sexual with one another for a while, Sherlock was still incredibly diffident and almost innocent when it came to expressing his desires, something John hoped he could assist in ending. It wasn't that John had any aversion to allowing Sherlock an opportunity to experiment in the bedroom – far from it – it was purely that the thought of Sherlock having the patience or confidence to take the lead was something John was avidly desirous for.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded, his heart aching and the echoes of the past swarming his head, “I understood…” he uttered. “I was there. Not good to leave a dog when they are put to sleep. They get scared. Look for you. Whine. It’s... not pleasant.”
“I’ll do what I please with my cookies
Just as Mrs Hudson returned John turned his nose back into his hair and inhaled, making Sherlock rise again, “Yeah,” he whispered as he exhaled and Mrs Hudson brought the camera up to take her photo, a bright, proud expression on her face.
?” John asked with a frightened whisper. “Because – I can explain...”
Stroking up John’s hand to touch the edge of his jumper sleeve, Sherlock let himself relax into him a bit more, “Good,” he breathed. “That’s all I need.”
“Perfect,” Sherlock replied as he slipped on his shoes and dove quickly for his scarf, gloves, and coat, hiding behind the turned up collar. He was nervous. Stupidly nervous. Ridiculously stupidly nervous.
Sherlock shifted with a small mockingly contemplating frown and tilted his head, as if he were taking a moment to think it over, “Mm.
Sherlock sighed, “Don’t
“He's
Another press and Sherlock’s eyes clenched closed with a grunt, his body shivering uncontrollably as he collapsed down and pointed at Greg’s impish searching, “St-stop him from disorganising my things! He can’t bully me when he’s—”
“That boring TV programme you both love so much,” Sherlock replied, looking between him and her and blushing. “You talked about me? What? Why?
John took a further ten minutes, having a quick shave before he headed upstairs, but not until he hesitated at the glass door to Sherlock’s room. When he saw John’s shadow approaching the glass Sherlock held his breath, waiting for something to happen, only for him to leave shortly after. Exhaling in a rush, Sherlock scowled, unsure if he was disappointed or relieved nothing had come of it, and looked at himself again, touching his face, ruffling a hand through his hair, and finally hanging up his gown. He took a moment to think, to calm down, to try and compose his thoughts and stop his bodily trembling, then went to wait for John in the living room, pacing and tapping the dog photo.
only getting what is required. Instead of silly dog coats, for example. - He needs more than one collar, just in case he chews one up or breaks one apart, as that’s very easily done; he needs another lead, probably one of those extendable ones; he needs more toys, to learn and play; he needs a bed to sleep in; and he needs treats to successfully be trained and taught more tricks. It’s all quite rational and necessary.”
Sherlock glanced at the limp, small, length of his penis, and the peeking of his pinked glans from the delicate foreskin, “... Yes,” he answered after some deliberation, breathing calmly and looking as if he might drop off to sleep at any moment. John knew better, of course. Sherlock was tired, mentally exhausted from deluge of emotions that continued to course through him, yet he wouldn’t sleep. Not yet. Not until they’d finished their established method.
John smiled an eye-crinkling smile and took Sherlock's hand, placing it over his heartbeat, letting the silence overtake them for the briefest moment, “Good, but, I feel I must assure you that it isn't, as you said, a necessity. I won't think any less of you if you change your mind. I won't go funny with you. - Truth of the matter is, you're already within me, inside me. Right
“...Why?—”
he was going to get his own back by bringing up what I’d asked him to ask in private—I didn’t specify, so
“Orion,
and you obviously care a lot about
reality is that serenading?” Sherlock asked sharply, sullenly, his hands going to push on John's shoulders. “If you keep this up, I’m going to
,” he said in amusement. “I don’t want you to choke.”
. Just… physically, and think that's
John ducked his head, “No. No, I don’t think so – I never thought anything of it at the time, but since sharing this with him, I’ve had to re-evaluate my life alongside my sexuality. There were… a few blokes that I suppose had a crush on or felt something for, but I didn’t really look into it or ever felt the need to try. Until him. He was the first that I had strange feelings about and the first time I acted on it. Guess I was too much of a wuss before I met him,” he admitted, finding the darkness and intimate setting a balm to his otherwise self-conscious and compromising thoughts.
sausages..."
sorry for the way I stormed out and shouted at you."
“I don’t see what’s so surprising about that—”
“Here we are!” Judith laughed as she trotted over, holding the chewed shirt out to John with a sweet, flirting grin that made Sherlock glare, his building jealousy beginning to overflow. “He
There was a thick dribble of pre-come against the fleshy pad of John's thumb, another when he pushed in with a rotating grind, and then Sherlock grunted, writhed, and began to convulse. He sprayed up the curved, juddering, rosy length of his own chest. He didn’t make much noise through it, only whimpered, gasped, and moaned deep in his throat, overtaken by the rush of intense satisfaction, though John loved it all the same. Resting his forehead against Sherlock's back, he started thrusting into the now relaxed body, spasm of muscles, and fucked into him quick and shallow, avoiding the man's over-sensitive prostate as John chased his own release.
, Sherlock?”
!” Sherlock grumbled, motioning to John with a cold-looking, trembling hand. “I can’t sit next to you. I can’t go behind you. I can’t—”
“I’m...not in control of what has come after, of course,” Sherlock whispered, gazing into John’s eyes and swaying toward him, gravitating in his direction to have their noses nudge, his fringe tickle John’s expressive forehead. “I might have been in some control of the start, of our meeting and partnering, but after that…” He shrugged and gestured loosely. “Sometimes the glamour of things, the excitement, the rush, the
the view.”
common.”
“Mmhm, Mafia sharks,” Santa repeated with tickled agreement and then, after looking at John closely, paused his progress on leaving and gestured for the barman to hand him a pen. He reached for John hand once he had it and began writing a small message, which John, in his drunken state, couldn't read. Couldn't focus on. “You get home safe.” Once he had finished he slipped out of his own stool and walked John to the door, pressing up alongside him, keeping him from falling over a handbag a few steps on, a handbag that had been left hazardously near a table. “And drink more water.”
game!” he whined, then quickly sat forward again with his eyebrows lifted and his hands spread in suggestion. “Crazy Eights instead -
, they were outside the tube station,” John assured him, rolling his eyes and walking behind his chair, which he rested against, arms still folded as they rested down upon the headrest. “You must like
. Part of me is game for it all and is eager –
“You’ll spoil yourself for lunch.”
you are – and you’re actually quite easy on the eyes. Always known you were on the handsome side, but now I really think about it and
“I didn't know I had an appointment to attend,” John returned sarcastically, already done with Sherlock's attitude and shooting him a stern, warning look. “Don't be horrible. We've had a lovely evening and would now like to have some lovely coffee. He's welcome in the flat whenever he wants, for cases or just for a visit.” Gesturing for Greg to take a seat in one of their chairs, John headed to the kettle to fill it up and switch it on with a click. “Milk one sugar for you, right?”
is – going for as long as we can. There are things I... want to say. Things I should say. But I... can't. I don't exactly know if—”
“Yes, fine, I don’t care.”
“What the?--”
"He's used to sleeping with your scent," John pointed out.
“How selfish of him,” Greg replied, voice still tinged with mirth and expression one of knowing resignation at how apt, how fitting, that was for Sherlock’s character.
for you,” she said.
have forced this, hadn’t have put any of this
“Okay,” John said, rubbing small circles into his back. “Let me get my coat?”
John slipped his fingers between Sherlock's and leaned in to kiss his cheek, a part of it that wasn’t still wet with dog spit, "I know," he said, "I was only teasing."
“Yes, yes, I'm here. I’m coming,” John let himself light-heartedly grumble, rolling his eyes and leading Greg through. He paused, just for a moment, when Greg was standing in the doorway, the toes of his shoes just touching the fringe of the bedroom carpet, and let Greg look and process. At Sherlock’s almost growl, John shot him a glare. “
“Even so.”
“Is it the handcuffs?”
“I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock,” John told him, his hands brushing down Sherlock’s arms from his elbows and catching Sherlock’s fingers in his own. “You are the
John continued to look at him blankly, but his shoulders relaxed, and soon he lips curled up into a smile and the corners of his eyes wrinkled as relief and excitement and joy made his eyes shine, “Can I be greedy and ask for two gifts?”
“You are. Absolutely,” John said quietly, nudging against Sherlock's chin, sinking into that need for him. “You're in charge… something you make
John's heart burst into a pool of sunshine as his lips split open into a wide grin, "
“Still beautiful,” John responded, smoothing a palm to cradle the back of Sherlock's neck as he could tugged him down to connect their lips once more, this time flicking out his tongue to gently probe. Wetting the seam of Sherlock's mouth until he accepted John in and allowed their tongues to meet for the first time that night. John moaned softly, eyes fluttering closed and other hand stroking Sherlock's abdomen, up to his chest, then low over his hips, unable to stop caressing the velvety skin of Sherlock's body.
“I’m going to take you in my mouth now,” Sherlock informed in a low dazed mumble, lithely slipping to his knees without hesitation, without giving John time to interject or think or move. Though he wasn’t sure he would. Wasn’t sure he could. Even if it might be the best that he did, best if they talked, if they found a way to get through this together, instead of separated, leaving John to doubt and panic and question alone. "I
"I am
John gasped at Sherlock's words and that was all it took, no way he would be able to hold back now. Eyes flying open, John moaned loudly and bucked up his hips as his cock pulsed and throbbed, taking two more rough tugs before he was coming with a bitten off scream, spurting up his abdomen and across Sherlock's hand in long, thick strands. Removing his hands from Sherlock, still in the middle of his orgasm, John moved them to his stomach and scooped up his ejaculate, putting one handful across Sherlock's shaft, which he massaged and stroked, whilst the other he rubbed into Sherlock's stomach, chest and finally his nipples, running his fingers ran across the swollen nubs, coating them and tugging and flicking and pinching.
. Honestly, she was a
. As you normally do. You ignore me until it’s “John, fetch me my phone!” “John, pass me a pen.” “John, drink this.” “John, come here.” “John, take this unidentified tablet and see if it kills you.” “John do this…do that!”—I saw the sky turn, I saw it get that little bit darker, but did you listen to me?
’ was both his best friend and completely out of reach. “Why should I tell you? I thought you didn’t want to talk about John.”
...” John sneered and threw an arm out at the bird, startling her for a moment to back up into Sherlock's legs and then hop away, “All loose skin and weird hanging bits… it's like a feathery scrotum!” He turned his back on the turkey, on Sherlock, and picked up the shopping bags violently, starting to unpack the groceries. "They attack people too, did you know that?"
John chuckled, leaning some weight on his foot and pulling away, “Best not keep her waiting,” he said and headed towards the kitchen.
“We’ll start the vegetables in half an hour or so,” she said as she went. “It might be an early lunch, but you want to fetch that puppy of yours as soon as possible I’m sure!”
“Not many left, I see,” Greg stated with a chuckle as he took a line of four out, pulling one loose to throw towards the bed while John struggled with the buttons of his shirt.
“Because if it’s not… “ Sherlock began to edge away again until the movement was stalled by John’s firm hand on his hip.
. If the theory is correct of course... might not be... I'm not
“Okay…” Greg whispered, once again flitting his eyes to Sherlock while leaning in. John tried to convey a calmness he didn’t feel and cradled the warm side of Greg’s throat, letting shaking lips press, timid and light against his own.
a crime scene...” he muttered, not certain he really wanted to divulge the information, yet finding he really had no other choice now it had been thrown into the open. “It was sort of…
When Greg let the kiss end, tugging at Sherlock’s lip with a teasing dig of teeth, his eyes were hooded and smug, “So, what happens now?” he questioned with a considerable husky quality. Combing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, he then gave Sherlock’s rosy cheek an impish, tender stroke, letting Sherlock sway away from him. “Now we’ve established certain things…”
pairs of pants that I have ever seen!"
“Everyone needs a little spoiling,” Mrs Hudson countered, handing it over.
,” he exhaled in a rush, curse mingling with Sherlock’s noisy humming and mewling and howling, caught as he was between the fraying, vibrating line of pain and pleasure, within the bindings of oversensitivity, wrists still cuffed. “This is…”
to wear them. So you
annoying. But my singing, isn't, you got that?" He smiled at Sherlock disgruntled huff and knocked his chin up with the same prodding finger. "Why are you really in a mood? Hm?"
Biting back a small, interested groan, Sherlock blinked wildly at him and lifted his unsteady hands, “Seems… to me that you can’t handle anything,” he said quiet and husky. “Couldn’t even walk properly when we met.” He was goading John, he could tell, could almost taste it. Sherlock was vibrating with small tremors of want and staring at him with an uncertain expression and flitting gaze. "You... needed me then and you need me now. That's why I enter. That's why I'm here. Because you
“Oh. Did I? I...don’t...recall that,” Sherlock murmured, feeling his already overly warm cheeks get hotter. Had he been so transparent? He was sure John had been more focused on Mrs Deasey, on the client, as he often was. Patient and friendly and accommodating, that was John Watson. Suddenly suspicious, Sherlock leaned in and angled his head, trying to read his gaze. “
They tripped when John rocked up into him with a muffled grunt and tilted the fridge, then crashed sideways together into the worktop. It jolted Sherlock’s hip with a twinge of discomfort, yet it only made John’s kisses, his hands and hot breath, all the more stimulating, and Sherlock drooped wantonly, letting himself be manhandled. A whimper escaped him when John sandwiched him into a corner, an embarrassing sound that Sherlock knew John had heard, judging by his low, pleased hum, and one he’d deny ever came from him. The desire seeped outward to encapsulate more of his body the longer they kissed and grappled shakily with one another, and Sherlock shuddered, feeling light-headed, when he felt himself stir in his trousers, becoming confined against the back of his zip with a rush of blood.
“More cakes instead,” he said, bending to give her cheek a kiss, smiling back at her, the smile he reserved only for her. “Right then, any requests?”
so…” he said in breathless abandon, limbs limp and inelegantly tucked.
“Do I
The room smelled of sex and sweat, the only sounds being the wet slap of sweat-shimmering skin against skin and their muffled, bitten back, chocked noises of increasing rapture. It was heady and incredibly arousing, and John couldn't help but want more, continuing to tease pre-come from Sherlock with each rotating grind of his hips. This was always John's favourite part. Where they lost themselves in sensation.
, fades. I have never known when enough will be enough. When you might find you actually don’t like me at
do that. You barely flinched at Bart’s. Just looked stunned and curious and...interested.”
“...What?”
“Good to know,” Sherlock whispered and stretched, arching off the bed to undress, throwing his clothes into a messy pile on the floor, entire pinked and sweaty skin displayed. “I should plan ahead for these things… keep my things ejaculate free…”
Slightly thrown by how quickly Sherlock tossed his questions at him, John blinked, adjusted his position and then shook his head vigorously, negatively, “Not at
Sherlock watched his own fingers untangling and falling from John’s top as he moved away, “In a bit,” he breathed, waiting until John had gone before he took a deep breath, turned, and stared at his own reflection. He looked stricken and white, eyes still wide, lips parted and slightly flushed and wet from the kiss. The second kiss. John had kissed him back. After a second, alone and shaking, he was hit with niggling uncertainty and walked to the mantel to peer at his eyes up close, checking his pupils for any sign that it was all, instead, a figment of his imagination from a drugged haze. Happy with the size of them, and his memory, Sherlock walked shakily from the living room and shut himself away in his room, leaning against the door.
“Oh, yes,” the landlady said, moving the cracker from it and holding it out for John to place two nice slices of the duck.
them to pieces,” Sherlock added in aggravation, still fixated on John’s mouth.
“Put your head on my shoulder. My jumper is…somewhat dry,” John said with a soft sigh and a smile, urging Sherlock down by the nape of his neck and trying not to react when Sherlock’s warm chest pushed against him. “Pull your arms out and wrap your coat around us…it’s big enough, I think…”
"You're
!” came Mrs Hudson’s shrill, unexpected, unwanted cry and John pulled away shyly, leaving Sherlock’s mouth throbbing. Mrs Hudson stood in the doorway, bowls of cooling vegetables covered in cling film in hand as she looked between them. “I can come back.”
. That's his name.”
Greg hummed, unconvinced and amused, though couldn’t seem to stop himself from leaning into the touch, clearly starved of such contact, “Right, okay,” he murmured, eyes on Sherlock as he lifted his hands to cup John’s face.
started, or a few times afterward, but, I
Sherlock shrugged at her, “It’s for the best. For everyone involved. I’m not overly gifted in naming dogs,” he said, only realising his slip when it was too late and shooting up to his feet, finishing off his wine. “Dessert?”
at any rate. I know you’ll take good care of him.”
,” he whispered in reply, slumped and panting and quaking, his body still contracting about John's buried cock with snug, rippling pressure. It was too much and not enough. John let the waves of pleasure and the rise of afterglow consume him. “This is how I want to be...”
,” Sherlock groused in a low snarl at Greg’s back, coat flying out behind him. John was sure Sherlock did it on purpose. He loved the dramatic flare. “Like it
… in the records room at the Yard--”
“I’m sitting right
Santa chortled and nodded, “Yes. Mrs Santa. - We talked and it was awkward and stilted and we weren't sure how to take it to the next step but…
… wait a second…
. No. I don't think I can... we can – M'not sure we are suited to have a talk about
John lifted his head and took in Sherlock’s confused gaze and carefully replied, “…Yeah, ‘course I did.”
?” Greg exclaimed, half angry and half, it seemed, impressed. “You’ve got to be joking? You can’t have—
. That once you get bored of it, have your fill of it, that our friendship will be in ruins,” Sherlock mumbled and his mouth bowed, the corners pinching, though only for a moment. Only for a flicker of a second. “It won't be, John. Not on my end, at any rate. I will not... I don't want that. We can survive a lot. I think we can survive
John rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair, “Alright. Just know that you don’t have to accept it if you don’t want him.”
“We’ll be out of your hair shortly, Mrs Hudson,” John said, his voice a little rough. “We’ll have to leave fairly soon if we want to get to the shelter when it opens.”
John kissed the words from Sherlock's lips, locking them away inside him to keep forever and skimmed his hand down Sherlock's sides, across his waist, crisscrossed them along his pelvis, rubbed them into his hips, until he finally brought them, caressed them, central to take hold of his cock, wrapping one around it and carefully, slowly, stroking it from root to tip. He pulled Sherlock's foreskin over the sticky, glistening crown before he twisted his hand and pulled it back down, glacier slow and without haste, feeding on Sherlock's reactions, on the feel of him in his hand.
sensitive. - My own nipples are rubbish, can barely feel a thing--”
"Yes." Santa looked at John with kindly eyes, reaching to cover John's hand for a brief moment of understanding. “Extraordinary. - He must be
John exhaled a growl and moved once more, as quick and forceful as a lion, pulling his fingers out to grab Sherlock's waist in a bruising grasp and bending him further, one hand slapping against his back until Sherlock's face was at the right height as the smears of pre-come. He then held him down, crushing him into the mess, into the unforgiving, unyielding wall, and bent in a crouch to bury his tongue into Sherlock's hole, licking around, spearing in and giving a few licks before pulling back and giving the cheeks several loud slaps.
“Because one look at you and everyone thinks we're shagging!” John hissed, attempting to gesture with both hands and almost showing himself before he recovered clumsily, feeling another lick of roasting embarrassment. “Which is fine! But I either wish we
it. I hate it
“You’ve been singing
you!"
– I'm sorry if it made you...
,” John said, voice foreign and deep to his own ears, “Kiss him when he comes… he's close.”
her gingerbread, mince pies, cupcakes--” Sherlock stopped short as the door came open and he was engulfed with thick sweet scented air. It was mouthwatering and Sherlock was taken aback with how much saliva built up in his mouth, across his tongue, at the aroma. How long had he not eaten for? One, two, three days?
Diving for the cover of the cave at the same time, Sherlock narrowly missed knocking his head against the cave entrance and the low, bowed ceiling within by mere inches as he made room for John to enter. It was dark and dank, and smelt of damp soil, but it was shelter. John blinked rain from his lashes and glanced around; it was a tight fit, with the both of them pushed shoulder to shoulder, their feet tangling and their heads bent towards one another. With a loud and deep sigh, John glanced at Sherlock, who peered back, curls plastered to his forehead and temples, and water dripping from the end of his nose.
“You can’t keep using Christmas as an excuse for your behaviour,” Sherlock scoffed, releasing him to move his hands to John’s collar and smooth his fingers over it. To lift it over the neckline of his jumper. To follow it around to the back. Then, after a brief pause, fixed it, refolding it more neatly. He seemed almost fixated by the motion, by the feeling of it under his fingertips, and he cocked his head to the side with a soft exhale. “You need new shirts…”
! He will learn as he plays. He can’t be left to wallow in boredom, John,” Sherlock told him. “He’s a working dog, an energetic dog, he needs
what I’m saying, what I meant,” he huffed, chasing him as if magnetised, pushing their faces closer and closer, wanting another kiss, then another, and another. “Stop moving away…”
Now it was John's turn to blush, “In my defence, I'd never done it before! I could only go off what I'd seen in porn and what women had done to me. I didn't realise it was so bloody
John bit into it, spilling a few crumbs on his lap and ducked his head in a futile attempt to catch them. He nodded with a hearty hum though after a moment, “’S nice.”
her there. If I had, she would have been slain anyway, either for me or for the public. So, instead, I said I wanted to kill her myself. Persuaded the man to let me take her. He told me how to do it, gave me a few grisly tips, and she came home with me. I won’t be killing her,
you. Gets in the way of…
He continued to try and convince himself it was a dream, that it couldn't have been real, even though he'd seen Sherlock, felt him, heard him, after the shrill jolt of his alarm. The alarm that always woke him up, always brought him around. He'd really done what he did, hadn't he? Given into that filthy, debauched side of him, the side that always itched, lusting for more, for one more touch of his cock, one more flirtatious comment, one more step to closer. John had given in to it before, for good and bad, but this time... this time it had taken him over, had blinded him with the need to take what he wanted, what he needed, what was being blatantly asked of him. The string of friendship was now well and truly severed, retied, replaced, and it was all his doing, if the string, frayed from the adjustment, snapped, it would be on him. It would all be on him.
John’s smile only grew fonder, more captivating, and Sherlock felt his hand on his cheek,
I was overstimulated. There were two of you and one of me! You can’t base whether or not I’m a consistent screamer on this one night.”
“It is hard to gain his trust, I know that much,” Greg agreed, flattered and smiling, big hands smoothing up over Sherlock’s shoulder. “I can’t believe I’m actually here and… what happened really happened. It’s
on me!” John answered, a little offended and a little too loudly so, making the barman look over and laugh.
Snorting out a breathless laugh, John turned to bury his face into the cushion for a moment, "On
with you.”
, Sherlock, I... I
, did something for me.”
John flinched with a full body jolt and it rubbed their straining erections together, “What?”
“You ask that as if it’s a real marriage, John,” Sherlock replied with a faked snort of amusement, heart thundering in his head, throat, chest, and fingers once again as he tried to think, tried to reason, tried to come up with an answer that wouldn’t push John away. He had no idea what this meant. Was Mrs Hudson right? Was he right? Was John interested or not interested? Why was he asking this now? “I can’t be the only person to say such a line to you or to someone you know. Many say they are committed to their work. Workaholics, is the word generally used. Work comes first for them. It’s their life, their passion, their entire reason for being--” He grimaced at his word choice and quickly tried to backtrack, knowing what he was saying wasn’t helping if John was asking what he hoped he was asking. Glancing quickly at the mirror, trying and failing to see John’s face and read his expression, Sherlock swallowed. “It was both. Back then. I was trying to focus and you were asking trivial, irrelevant, and yes,
Sherlock’s eyebrows jumped up for a moment in bemusement and then he squinted, slowly closing the distance between them again, “What did she give you?”
“You're doing so well,” John purred, barely aware of what he was saying. “Look so pretty.” He twisted and tapped inside Sherlock, and when he was happy that Sherlock could take another, he pressed his middle finger inside too. "I
...sorry…” Fumbling back, Sherlock slipped on the fallen papers and crouched quickly to gather them up, fingers shaking as he tried to gain back control, failing to properly stack everything back together, bending the dog photo slightly. “Th-thank you. It’s...I...I...I don’t know exactly how you...you...but I…”
relationship and what you have with Sherlock?”
John chuckled, though the sound was mixed with the ringing of the receptionist's phone, which was soon silenced. After a few seconds Ryan set it down again and placed a paper bag on the desk. "Here he comes," he said and rushed over to one of the doors leading further into the building.
anymore...” John promised, not expecting to, pushing his mouth to Sherlock's lips, then up to his cheek, neck and under his ear, drowning in him. Feeling the well-known tension, the previously ignored rush, overtake him. “Only for my little elf...”
John thought about arguing, denying, but ended up only nodding in agreement, pulling his pants back into place and twisting to sit up. It was awkward and John was thankful that Sherlock was facing away, so he couldn't see the almost turtle like way that he struggled, "
“Here, put my socks on and budge in closer, rest your head on my shoulder,” John told him, already in the process of taking off his socks for Sherlock to put on and then putting back on his boots barefoot. “…You’re awfully quiet. What are you planning?”
,” John groaned under his breath. This was actual torture. This was against the Geneva conventions of cruelty. Not only did Mrs Hudson now, apparently, have a friendly relationship with his boss, his ex, but apparently they had discussed the size of his pants, the amount he had, and his constant need to fix his testicular positioning. He hoped the earth would swallow him whole. He wanted to disappear. Wanted to leave. “Thanks.
John gave his fingers another squeeze, “Did you need any help with anything yet?”
John grinned at the back of his curly head, “Oh I can definitely reach, don't worry about me,” he replied and opened the lube to drizzle between Sherlock's buttocks, soaking with the liquid before pushing his fingers between his cheeks again. His other hand reached up to grab at Sherlock's hair, pulling his head and shoulders back in a curve. “Mm. Good job you're flexible.”
“I could say the same thing back at
, the lot of them. What do they know?”
me you checked the bloody forecast!” John grumbled shaking rain from his sleeves and then squinting back around the small cave, ambling over a few steps to a moss covered rock to sit against.
“That sounds like a
“Oh… I er--” he began in a mutter, reaching down to half cup his cock in one hand and shuffle awkwardly, nervously, in place. “Sorry? I guess?”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open after a minute or two, red and watery, and he stared up at John, turning the moment warmly intimate, “You knew,” he uttered with a hoarse and crackling voice. “Am I really so predictable now? So
. He’s...impressed me...”
The frustration had been building for days, weeks. John could feel it itching away at him, throbbing in his temples, prickling his skin with the beading of angered sweat, turning every little thing into an aggravating battle. No matter what it was, whether it be knocking his hip into a chair left askew or accidentally dipping the end of his tie into the soup he was making for work, it all rubbed him the wrong way. Every trip, every wait, every stubbed toe, every missed programme, every creased shirt, made him hotter and overcome with bubbling rage.
you. I really am. - Murder you with a candy cane. Make you a Christmas cliché.”
Sherlock gave John another look with his eyebrows pointedly raised, making sure he didn’t try and engage the woman in any sort of friendly conversation, and walked, with an inquisitive pup, through the shop, gathering up a basket as he went, “I
John huffed a laugh and worked the thin blankets beneath the three of them down, slipping under them to draw Sherlock in alongside him, resting his head on his hand so he could see across to Greg, “I think that's his way of asking for sex,” he found himself confiding, sure it wouldn’t do any harm. He’d told and shown Greg far more than he ever thought possible, and was sure telling him one of Sherlock’s tells was fine. “He might seem quite confident, but when it comes to sex, asking for it, he's
of yours goes, it will have lasting effects on our friendship.”
leaving. They will find me and they will
?” Sherlock snorted, leaning into him and then shooting him a slight smirk. “Go get out of your work clothes. - Perhaps try the underwear on while you’re at it.”
“Well, I… I don't think...”
Sherlock, tickled by John’s charm, found himself grinning back as he followed, bumping his head gently into the back of John’s, nosing the hair there, “I’ll pay the cab fare.”
“Oh God,
“Of course,” Sherlock whispered, meeting John halfway to meld their lips together. He was pliant and soft and unhurried, tasting John with his tongue when he was given permission, then sucking with a low, breathy, stuttering groan that thrummed through the both of them.
. Please. Please, let me come…”
Sherlock felt his throat close up, flashes of fractured, painful memories battling for dominance, and hummed, “Obviously. German Shepherds are working dogs that were originally developed for herding sheep. Now, of course, they are the preferred breed for search and rescue, the police, the military, disability assistance and so on and so forth. They are a quite strong, intelligent breed. Very active and curious. Protective too.”
want us to stop, lift your left leg into the air,” he told him after several seconds had passed, watching Sherlock's lower half intently for so much as a flinch of dislike. There was none. All Sherlock did was curl and flex his toes in evident excitement.
in a relationship. We were
There was a deep wavering groan as Sherlock’s lids flickered shut and he tentatively arched and curled his back, dragging their erections against each other.
? Where infatuation takes over? - That… that fades, John. It is... interfering and seems
!” He blinked, realising slowly that he'd become tongue-tied, that he'd said it wrong. “Extraordbinary-extra-ex-extraord—
!” Sherlock exclaimed with a small rumbling laugh, reaching instead to hook his long fingers into the belt hoops. “Granted, men have to arrange themselves throughout the day for one reason or another anyway, but you do it
simple, I would have done it years ago.”
Sherlock trembled, digging his fingers into John’s shoulders, nails slicing deeper enough that he was sure there would be blood, “
At the change, Sherlock rubbed his thighs again before putting his hands on his hips, then crossing his arms, then dropping them with false nonchalance to his sides, “
“…Your underwear is slightly translucent,” Sherlock murmured throatily into John’s neck a few moments later. “Just thought you should know.”
“With a
"So you
Sherlock scoffed at the mention of them, not overly a fan of most, if not all, of the decorations that went up during the holiday season, “A lot of them are horrid, garish, tack, uncalled for, cluttering...”
“I meant,” Sherlock paused, gathering his thoughts, “it was me, you came… thinking of me.”
… that you
'marriage'? If it was more of an
He snorted, almost coyly, flirtatiously, and then gave a cumbersome gesture up at the plant, “There are
“I do occasionally pay,” Sherlock said in mock offence. “And I let you use my card.
“Praise kink?” Greg snorted as he took a seat at Sherlock’s naked hip, still not looking down but keeping eye contact, a building smug, mischievous expression coming over his face. “I
outdone yourself, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock said upon viewing, blinking at the amount of food and wondering, if only mildly, if they could finish most of it between the three of them.
Meanwhile, John shrugged his coat on and retrieved his phone from where he’d left it plugged into the wall by their table, then pulled on his gloves, “Should I take the lead?”
“And I’ve been calling him Orion for the past… well, month almost,” John said as he finished off his plate and sat back in his chair.
happened to me. Not until recently. With
“Yeah, he likes it a lot,” John said in a purring tone, the mischievousness apparently contagious. He let his hand brush across Sherlock's exposed scrotum, exploration now exceedingly familiar and almost second nature. The intimate touch happened so often that John was pretty sure he could tell Sherlock’s body out of a million others, could tell blindfolded. “Likes to be told he's good, or clever, or brave--”
doing this?— How is it any fault of mine that you insistently fail to, and I quote, ‘
it… I want it
Already shivering from the skimming press of John’s lips and brush of his chin, Sherlock took a few seconds to reply, giving John a huff in the meantime, hating how he blushed, wanting more, incredibly close to begging, “...Obviously I’ll make sure not to get him
“Try not to move so much,” Sherlock rebuked and unexpectedly rocked into John's backside, pushing a rather blatant bulge against his buttocks as he leaned down to attack the nape of John's neck with hot lips, making him faintly disoriented. Like he was high or drunk or both. His cock was full, heavy and hot, trapped against the sofa cushion, and he was already starting to sweat. “It's probably the worst knot so far…”
“What the…” John muttered, looking at it again before glancing up at Sarah wordlessly, mouth still slightly agape, jaw working for a moment as he attempted to articulate. To ask questions. To say something, anything, that might help him understand where this had come from, why Mrs Hudson had helped Sarah buy this for him. What was his life?
Sherlock threw John a narrowed look, “
The taller man shrugged within their cocoon of his coat, “Hardly relevant to me.”
“What. Was.
“It's—
Even pressed together, John could see the rosy flush that had warmed Sherlock’s pale skin, creeping up his chest to his neck, matching the bright points of colours on his cheeks as his movements picked up speed.
the time,” John said, his hand moving to Sherlock’s elbow. “Most people don’t know the real you.”
There was rapidly exhaled puffs of air against his face, his mouth, and then Sherlock slotted their noses together clumsily, emitting a long, rasping moan as he connected them, “Ejaculate over me again… I
not interested.”
Pushing up Sherlock’s t-shirt and tucking it under his armpits out of the way, John then peeled down Sherlock’s pyjama trousers to release the engorged length to his gaze, his hand, and then his mouth as he bent down to take it as deep as he was able. There had been some time since he’d thought about doing it, since he’d done it to himself one lonely and embarrassing day in his late teens, but he knew the basics, knew what he liked, what felt good, and so he indulged in different techniques. Sherlock tasted of soap and skin and heat and musk, a delicious tangy delicacy. Elegant. Just like the man himself.
?” Greg answered finally, slapping one handcuff on and flashing John a charming, devilish grin as he pulled Sherlock’s long, pale arm up, letting the other cold, empty cuff brush against bare flesh. Sherlock gaped up at him, shaking faintly. “Disciplining? Putting you in your place? Messing about? Pick one. All of them pretty much sum it up.”
John shrugged and brought Sherlock’s tea to his awaiting hands. Now that he was closer, now that Sherlock was really looking, he could see the edges of excitement in that comfortable smile as John continued to stand in the middle of the room, “Do you want it?”
Sherlock nodded in agreement in an almost lethargic manner, “
“Not in the
This case had been a more than welcome distraction. It had been weeks since the last one, and he'd been slowly going insane from the monotony of the days. Then, of course, there was Sherlock, who was just impossible to deal with in his moments of boredom. That alone would lead anyone to anger and frustration and, good God, why was he always lounging around like that? And why did he have to do it such a provocative way?
“Right,” Greg drawled. “You can always start with how him not being there makes you feel.”
John nodded, “The shelter’s open after 1pm, though only for a few hours,” he explained. “He’s already been given a name, but you can change it if you like.”
Sherlock found the gingerbread biscuits cooling on the kitchen table, and he could see the duck cooking away in the oven. Quickly, as nimble as he could, he took a biscuit, shoving it passed his lips and against his tongue, ignorant of the heat, and eating with a hiss and an open mouth. As he ate it, blinking away the way it pleasantly burned, like only a freshly baked sweet would, he wandered through to her living room and sat his violin case down, popping it open, then sprawled himself over the sofa.
stay here any longer than we need to. Just follow me, look after Orion, and
! No. No, keep going..." John mumbled, slightly embarrassed by how much he liked it, how much more he wanted and how the shape of Sherlock's cock against his arse made him excitably anxious. “Sorry. It's just – It just that it feels
. She’s feisty,” Sherlock told him with a small bit of pride and gave the clucking turkey a smile. “Took me a bit to get her used to me.”
They sat for a while, content with the stillness of the room, only the quiet noise of the television and never-ending bustling life outside of Baker Street to keep them company, until the air, the atmosphere changed. John hushed Sherlock in response and began the next part of their routine, letting his hand trail from Sherlock's limp, warm hand up to his shoulder, a slow, rhythmic movement that neither tickled nor massaged. It was a touch, a gentling start to help Sherlock acclimatise to the sensation. Making laps up and down Sherlock's arm, John hummed softly until Sherlock's posture sagged and he slumped back into relaxation.
With Sherlock more or less wrapped around him, John focussed on taking and stroking both of their cocks together, giving long pulls and tight twists as his other hand slipped around to Sherlock's buttock, moving lower and inwards until he could press the tips of his fingers around the small furled entrance, “Do you touch yourself here?” John asked, voice like a purr, sensitising the nerve endings, “with your fingers, or maybe a toy?”
Sherlock's face crumpled in bliss, deafening noises erupting from him. Noises that were far beyond normal mere cries and desperate wails, and they only got louder, more animalistic and amped up the sexual tension in the room. They infected Greg, bringing his gnashing teeth, lathering tongue, and mashing lips down to Sherlock’s collarbone, then lower, until Greg was huffing against a nipple, snaking a trembling lick across it to a delicious response. Again John had to hold Sherlock down, jostling all three of them up the bedding.
a real me,” Sherlock snorted, though he gave John a smile, forcing his eyes to remain up and not to drift, not to linger, on his mouth and tantalising lips. “But, if there was, you would know him.”
Confused and distracted with how silly it was that Santa didn't know who he was, John licked his lips, tried to wet his foul furred tongue and gave an uncoordinated head shake, “
Enticed by the sugared pies, Sherlock got up and wandered over, making sure to look the woman over for the so-called ‘dog themed gifts’ before steering her further into the living room and out of earshot, “Yes, yes, Merry Christmas, Mrs Hudson,” he murmured at her bright grin and twinkling eyes.
Greg’s coloured cheeks got a shade darker yet he shook his head with an indecisive cough to clear his throat, “No, that’s, um, that’s all right. I don’t think I can or should go that far tonight. I’m fine,” he said. “It’s all good.”
"Just need to ask John something," Greg said, leaning against the door and coving the handle.
“You want me to
"I thought you might be," John said and reached out to pet the dog, smile growing when Orion leaned into his palm, giving love and attention, before standing and running off again.
what to buy. Especially when the people in question have everything they could possibly need or want—Which you do, I might add.”
... seeing you..." John cut in with an annoying stammer and a grimace. "And, uh, you
“We need to.”
it,” Judith told him before Sherlock could speak, and he began grinding his teeth, trying not to say anything about her promiscuous quickie with one of the other staff members moments earlier, the fact she was actually a cat person, that Orion didn’t like the blue lead at all and that’s exactly why she continued to choose it. Her hand landed on John’s arm and Sherlock felt an overpowering prickle of displeasure, glowering at it. At how it left a soft indent in his coat sleeve. “He picks it out from all the rest, he does!”
“Come on, say it.”
want a
Humming, Greg wagged a finger in his direction, mouth turned up and brow lifted, “Careful! Might give the impression that you’re protesting too much, and you know what people say about that.”
“Not even my cooking?” John asked, tilting his head to let their chins softly bump and meeting Sherlock's eyes, electricity fizzling between them, “Or my sense of style? Which is
John stared up at him for several long seconds, then, taking a deep breath, he nodded and stuffed his hands into his pockets, "Do you have a girlfriend?"
“I didn’t say that,” John said, picking up one of the pieces of paper.
“We have time,” Sherlock said in agreement, savouring each millisecond that passed them by, surrounded by John. “I
“Be warned that he might want to show off,” John told him with a grin, “Particularly now you’ve impressed and irritated him in one fell swoop. He'll want to show off and try to make you feel uncomfortable. You know, his normal thing.”
John deposited their gifts on the table, unpacking the bowls again, “We should put some newspaper out, just for now.”
talking about me like I’m not here…” he trailed off into a wet, keening, wanton hum, eyes rolling back. He became exceedingly verbal then, trapped between Greg’s tickling, teasing, rough fingertips at his nipples and John’s hands-on and inside him. “
?” Sherlock questioned, looking at the silly, thin plastic fish and picking it up between his fingers to lay it on his palm again. The same thing happened, the same movement of the head and tail, and he huffed, grabbing for John’s hand to put it back down on his palm.
things. She did. She... she was just a bit prickly and overly guilty about—”
“...John,” Sherlock rumbled in a rush of elation, smiling back at him. “Hello…”
John raised an eyebrow at him, as he usually did when Sherlock was missing something ‘obvious,’ “No; a date. It’s where two people who like each other go out and have fun?”
… I just…” he dropped the bags to the kitchen floor, trying not to do so with as much anger as he could feel boiling over inside him, and glared at the stray feathers that littered the floor. “What the
“You force my hand,” Sherlock complained with a frown, pointing at him, “you and your team. - What do you expect when you all question me at every turn and don’t learn from your mistakes, don’t use your eyes, your brains, and
! - What are you doing in here? Watching me? Experimenting on me? This isn't for you to see!”
“I am
Putting the annoying fish to one side, Sherlock pulled on his new socks, happy with how they felt on his feet, and not at all minding the striped pattern, “Get me more socks like this, Mrs Hudson,” he called over at her.
Sherlock scoffed and lifted his head, giving him a weak glare, “John, this letter is a
not what you think...”
“Yeah… and the least smelly,” John added, leaning slightly, guardedly, into Sherlock's body heat, enjoying the earthy smell of the outdoors that clung to him. “I'm... I'm glad that you didn't let her get killed. I am. I'm sorry I was so... negative and... yeah, it's good, Sherlock. You did good. - Even with the... the dinner idea. The special, if weird, way in which you planned it... picking the turkey out personally and keeping up to date with the health and... yeah, that was nice of you.”
thinking too much. That’s what I do. I think.
“I am
. It's supposed to help. Makes it so there is little to no surprises between the two, no real shocking conflict, because they already know the person they're with. Just not on a sexual level… until they do, of course.”
,” John replied backing further into the living room.
,” Sherlock replied curtly. “That’s what this is about…” He looked away and then shuffled, glancing back from under his lashes. “You make it far more complicated than it has to be. - I know it’s… a tad awkward, but there
Sherlock stood, “I’m going with you,” he said, already moving to John’s side, collar flicked up. “Lestrade, if you
“Not too heavy I hope?”
“Does it give you a thrill to see me like that?” John asked, voice going deep and fierce.
"Fucking
“No. He’ll be fine,” Sherlock told her.
“Alright. I'll bite - Who am I then?” the man asked, seeming to be more and more amused by John's drunken shenanigans the more time that went by. "Who do
what I’m talking about,” Sherlock countered.
Thoughts running wild, Greg headed over to it and pushed it closed with a frown, only to feel the hairs on the back of his neck rise. “Who’s there?”
“...So you
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, "You
“Well, it’s not an uncommon pet,” Sherlock replied, looking at his gloved hand and squeezing firmly in silent appreciation. “What breed?”
,” Sherlock replied with a smile at the ecstatic pup, “
Tilting his head up, Sherlock gazed at him and licked up along the caught digit, letting it go only to snort and blush, “I see you like getting more than one thing
– and I know you’re not the best with emotions, but for God’s sake,
“Really? I had
“There are several reasons why we’re here,” Sherlock replied with a shaky sigh as he bowed his head and shifted that little bit closer, the soft drag of cotton over hard flesh providing hot, blissful friction. “I spent the entire drive here explaining them all. In depth. Obviously you weren’t listening.”
?—Is he good?”
“So we’re the reverse of Orion and his dogs,” John said with a grin. “Orion and his humans.”
“Yeah... I think it's a side effect of my shoulder,” John said, half slurring, and lifted his head to wipe away the saliva which had trickled down his chin, “I... I, uh, overcompensate with one side a lot. Obviously. That causes most of the knots. And then, because I get sore, I hunch my back and that just makes it
. Please let me come,” he gasped, legs shaking and opening again with a beseeching roll of his hips. “I need to. I’ve needed it
a turkey. A female turkey to be exact. So, technically,
relationship in the future?” Greg asked with obvious growing interest, involvement and mild disbelief. At John’s wavering glance he winced and held up the bottle with a dismissing wave. “
Hissing in a sexually frustrated manner, Sherlock bit at his lower lip, "
Greg was transfixed with the sight, standing as still as stone beside the bed as John bent Sherlock in half, bucking and grinding into him, “
Sherlock hesitated a moment, looked back out at the downpour, and then awkwardly stepped into John’s space, sinking to sit awkwardly between his legs, his own bent up against John’s sides, pushing into John’s arms until he moved them. The fabric of Sherlock’s trousers was soaked through and cold, and John eyed them suspiciously before thrusting a hand up one trouser leg to check the temperature of Sherlock’s skin beneath. Sherlock flinched with a sharp breath, and narrowed his gaze as John appraised the material of Sherlock’s coat, running fingers up the inside to happily find it dry and warm. John’s own coat hadn’t faired as well, and after a moments deliberation, John unzipped it and pulled it off, leaning into Sherlock as he struggled to get it off his arms.
“John... I...” Sherlock began before John cut him off with a hard swallow and a small shake of the head.
...” John whispered reverently, overcome by his bubbling feelings and forced Sherlock to turn his head so he could nudged their noses together, could keep eye contact. He moved his hand from Sherlock's hip to cradle the man's cheek, their gaze unwavering and their hips undulating in a steady though fervent dance. Getting slower, deeper, their pleasure building until the blaze of affection, of elation began to spill out in the form of kisses, of gasps, of clasping hands.
… she didn't seem to be trying to do much to mend the relationship.”
Then came the tears.
“God, Sherlock… did you… you did, didn’t you… and you…” John struggled for words as his own erection sat hard and demanding in the warm wet puddle between them.
. Which would you prefer?” Sarah asked him and giggled once more at the pants, bumping her hips into his, smelling sweet and radiating a warm, pleasant aura. “They should fit you, by the way. I made sure. Double checked. - And you need more underwear. I see how often you have to...
“Sound advice. Difficult, but sound. - Was Sherlock the first man you kissed? Are you comparing me to him?” Greg asked with a grin and a laugh, self-consciously shooting Sherlock an involving look. Sherlock continued to regard them both like a hawk idly inspects prey. “Am I doomed or was he rubbish?”
“Custard,” Sherlock eagerly ordered, waving his bowl. “
“Sounds like a good place to start,” John chuckled, his smile warm and comforting.
John giggled – giggled! – and held out the icing covered biscuit, “Can’t have that, can we?”
"Dashing through the snow, in a one-horse open sleigh. Over the fields we go. Laughing all the way..." John lifted up a stainless steel earwax removal tool and grimaced at it in resigned frustration. "Ha ha ha..."
. Yes. I...did say that.” He routed the case out from under the pile of music sheets it had been hidden beneath and lifted it awkwardly, almost upending the music stand beside him in the process. Sherlock fumbled to right it and then clenched his jaw, gave the case another jittery wave, and returned to John. “Violin.”
“No, that's very true,” John nodded with a resigned sigh. “I'll be the one washing your jizzy pants from now on, eh?”
“I see you’ve been giving in to the addiction recently. At
‘Dear Sherlock,’ the letter read in one of those horrible handwriting typefaces, ‘I haven’t met you yet, which I am very upset about, but John’s told me a lot about you. You don’t know me, but John has visited me many times over the past few weeks. On that first day, when he came to the shelter, I ran to greet him, just like everyone else, but I was so scared. I’ve been overlooked so many times, and I didn’t have the best start in life, but when the owner of the shelter tried to lead John to other dogs, he came over to me instead! John made me so happy I couldn’t stop wagging my tail!
. A female.
John smiled with a look of understanding and warmth, and Sherlock thought he was going to come closer again, kiss him, but then the microwave beeped and he turned around, "Do you want to get the ice cream?"
“You’d do no such thing, you love giving me dessert, even when I don’t deserve it,” Sherlock shot back and held out his hands, flexing his fingers impatiently. “Give me mine then.”
John leaned to kiss Sherlock on the very tip of his elegant nose, “Ditto. - I will
Sherlock looked over sharply, body stiffening from it’s previously immature slump, “
“You know you're the boss,” John scoffed playfully, looking at his lips and wanting. He should talk though. Talk about things, about them. “In every way possible. I'm your trusty number two.”
John’s nearest hand was taken, guided, and made to encircle around Sherlock’s curved neck, a pressure encouraged and a sucking kiss shoved into the skin behind John’s ear. It motivated John to lean further, nudging Sherlock’s hips up and bending him, each slap of John’s thrusts forcing hiccuping sounds and gulping breaths from Sherlock’s gaping lips. It only took a few light grazes of Greg’s short nails, a combined light throttle, then Sherlock was screaming out of control, convulsing bodily and spraying up John’s working waist in weak, thin, watery, hot stripes.
The journey back home was filled with his thoughts. Thoughts on everything. Thoughts on the gift, on his relationship with Sherlock, on the scheming carrying on of his landlady. How had this happened? Why had this happened? He already had issues with whatever it was that he now had with Sherlock, with the tension between them, the growing something that only got harder to ignore, to understand. How would Sherlock feel about this gift? Why had Mrs Hudson got involved? Why underpants‽
.” At the deluge of words, Sherlock fidgeted and quickly leaned forward, clearing his throat and stretching his back. "I, uh, I'm fine. Just a thought occurred and... and I couldn't quite grab onto it whilst simultaneously talking to you. You know how it can be."
“Don’t be mean to him,” Sherlock huffed, stroking his soft head and softer ears, accepting a lick to the cheek when he bent closer down. “Ignore John’s nasty, loud, inappropriate tone. He has
John chuckled quietly against him, “Perhaps,” he agreed. “It felt like something that needed to be done for Christmas though.”
!” His cries and moans filled the room, his legs dropping open and hips rutting up, every inch of Sherlock’s normally pale skin, from his cheeks to his thighs, now a deep rosy pink. “
“Yes,” Sherlock replied distractedly, incapable of stopping his gaze from flicking back to the dog photo. A dog that would soon be in the flat. A dog that would soon be his. Be theirs. It had been a long, long time since he’d had a canine companion and the tidal wave of the loss, heartbreak, the loneliness, the sweeping twister of happiness and love, whenever he thought back to that time, was often too much to handle. The brunt of it could and had easily tipped him over into misery, transforming him back to his childhood, back to the feel of soft, long fur under his fingers and a wet nose against his cheek. Sherlock inhaled sharply, pushing back on those memories, the bad and the good alike, and leaned his head back to stare at the ceiling.
’ will take good care of him?” Sherlock corrected, shifting and turning in John’s arms, glad he was quick to allow and compensate for it, turning his face up. Sherlock gave him an awkward smile and patted his arms, curling his fingers into the creases of his elbows. “I know you...did this for me, but he is yours too. In fact, he was yours first. He met you first. Loved you first.”
“Sherlock, you never,
“As brilliant as it is that you’ve both
. Instead, I'm stuck in this weird celibate limbo!”
... never more than a couple of inches anyway...”
... so easy get... get wrong, you know?” John whispered, feeling his cock beginning to plump up, his skin becoming sensitised to every caress, every breath, every prickle of goosebumps and erecting hairs. “It's good though… it feels good. -
John smiled fondly, “No…” Silence fell over the two men before John added, “and not just circumstance either.”
... do more of it then?"
It didn’t help that during these weeks of hell, there had been four cases. Four that had lasted a few days each, at most. Meaning hours of crappy coffee and even crappier meals. Sleep patterns twisted and turned upside down, inside out, and flayed alive.
“Yes,” John answered and then winced, tucking himself away, stepping two feet back on the floor again, “I mean…
Greg nodded deeply, “I know it
“That all depends on you, really. What do you
“Yes. I only had the work back then,” Sherlock said. “Nothing else and no one else mattered…but things change, don’t they? Life goes on. What you thought you solely wanted, needed, and couldn’t do without, becomes something easily replaced or forgotten in the wake of someone new...”
a screamer!” Sherlock insisted in protest and John braced for his returned attack. “I don’t scream. Definitely not during intercourse with
John couldn’t breathe with the mounting expectation, “Should have put that down on the Christmas list so I could have bought you a new one!”
"Most likely yours."
Sherlock frowned at him, “I would have thought you’d be less angry. Normally you are.
John crouched down to stroke Orion's head as they waited for the previous customers to be served, distracting him from all the items that the shop owners had put on display at a precariously low angle, "Merry Christmas!" the woman greeted again, her chest covered in a gaudy Christmas jumper.
“Of course,” Greg smirked, taking a comfortable and relaxing inhale. “I’ll just sleep in my pants too, it’s fine.”
Sherlock gripped back appreciatively and strolled forward, twirling the lead, “No,” he agreed, watching Orion as he began interacting with the poodle, his backside going up playfully as he jumped around and sniffed the ankles of the dog’s owner, happy when he was cooed at.
talk.”
into our home!”
in my mouth,” Sherlock told him, breathing hotly against his own printed on face, mouth quirked ever so slightly. “I want to
or he finds it
,” John sighed and reached for the glass of water when it was placed in front of him, downing four long, deep gulps before pulling back and wiping his face with the back of his hand. “M' mate told me that.
“Yes. I think I had the depth and stupid arrogance that just makes me want to punch you in your face—”
… it’s good. It’s fine. Fits
. There are no reasons for it. There is no medicine for it, not really. - How can you put up with it, when I barely can?”
“Jo---John,” Sherlock sucked in a harsh ragged breath and dropped his forehead forward against John’s as the rocking shifting continued.
“Stop spoiling the fun,” John said, elbowing his arm as he picked up what was undoubtedly some sort of soft toy for the dog.
care. I eat meat. And I know how that meat ends up in the shops, on my plate. I’m not stupid. - But when I was told about her mischief and mettle… I preferred she live.”
Sherlock gave a slanted smirk and leaned back, stretching out his torso in invitation, “Feel free to tell me what to do as well,” he murmured. “You are
, as an assistant. - I needed both. You were well suited for both. I had to make sure that you were at least a tiny bit keen—Granted it doesn’t always work out fairly well. I did tell you that I normally get told to ‘piss off,’ but...you....you
,” Sherlock grumbled from his soft cocoon with a harshly rough and frustrated tone. “And you seem to have picked up a rather infuriating and
your suggestion?”
John wanted to touch what he had tasted, to feast with all of his senses, and beyond that there was nothing overtly specific, not yet, the only thing he could narrow down with some certainty was he wanted 'Sherlock,' which wasn't hugely helpful suggestion, “I want to be
“I disagree,” Sherlock drawled and pushed close to his back when John put the dish down on the floor for the turkey to wander up to, inspect, and peck at. “Though she is definitely the most
Orion jumped down, tail wagging furiously as he panted his glee, nosing his hand. John's fingers squeezed at his own, and Sherlock felt the warmth of body heat pressed against his side. "Told you he'd love you."
John hummed and shifted his head so their cheeks were pressed together and Sherlock could feel his breath against his ear, the heat of his cheek, smell his scent, while John’s arms wound around him, pulling him closer, “We have
John smiled, one that said he didn’t believe him, but would let it slide, “It’s okay not to be.”
Sherlock straightened his back, weirdly proud of such a normally banal statement, “You clearly need my support.”
“I’ll be here,” Sherlock said with a slow sigh and a nod, trying to catch sight of John in the mirror above the fireplace, wanting to watch him go. He could just about see him, a thin line of his face visible, but he stepped away a moment later. Sherlock looked aside once John had vanished from the reflection, but then he heard John stop again.
fascinate. You fascinate me daily,” John promised, letting his thumb trail up to Sherlock's hairline and then back down to the corner of his mouth, “You're the most brilliant, wonderful – often frustrating - person I've
“I thought it suited him,” John replied with an honest smile. “He was always so happy when someone said it when I visited.”
"It doesn't matter," John said, his fingers running down Sherlock's dressing gown, pulling gently with a happy ruffle.
bastard though, aren’t you? Purposefully dragging this out. - If you wanted more edging, you only had to ask.”
Sherlock froze and then turned to look at him, withdrawing his hand, “That happens quite a bit too,” he said, trying to remember which argument John was referencing.
Unwinding the scarf from his neck, John waited for Greg to stop wiping his feet, finding his sudden timidness rather amusing considering how often he'd barrelled in on prior occasions, and then slipped around to head up the stairs.
“Not yet...” John replied into the corner of Sherlock's lips, “Not there…” John would have loved to watch Sherlock fall apart using only his fingers, but that was too much of a big step for him, for them. That was something that John wasn't quite ready for yet. Instead he set a steady rhythm by pushing on Sherlock's bottom, pushing him up so that their cocks rubbed together, and then pulling back so Sherlock's bollocks across his own, and along his thigh. “Actually... use... use your hand to push us together. A tunnel for us to both
“Goodnight, Santa!” John shouted against the part of the window that wasn't open, the glass fogging under his breath, giving a wave back before he slumped boneless back against the seat, letting his head fall back on the headrest. “I like y'beard...”
“I have no issue with what it implies,” Sherlock replied and John felt abruptly off balance as they locked eyes, as Sherlock stared at him. “What mistletoe implies has
“Thank you, Sherlock,” she said as she smiled in appreciation, “but I’m not getting any younger.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock drawled sarcastically.
interest in her
Sherlock huffed out a laugh and nodded, “I am that. Quite often, I’ve been told.”
“Sherlock?”
myself ejaculate,” Sherlock returned, arching a conceited eyebrow and sighing as if it was a great burden to have such a conversation. Greg choked on another sip of coffee and Sherlock gave John a mean smile. “I am in
of time playing with him,” John replied as Orion flopped over, allowing John to rub at his belly, which he seemed to love. “I think he was lonely before I found him.”
Wait, no, that’s silly…”
for you, nothing gigantic will change except maybe you'll be less sexually frustrated and we'll have someone else to play with.”
,” he muttered hoarsely. “I knew you’d be big but…”
John smiled and nodded, lifting his cards and putting the first one down. Sherlock seemed genuinely grumpy as he placed his own card down, watching carefully as they took a few turns before John slapped his hand down, “
Sherlock glanced up at him with a blink, taking the offered mug slowly, “Thank you...”
.” She reached out towards Sherlock to clean up the mess he’d made of himself.
“Get your fingers off my cookies!” Mrs Hudson squealed from the kitchen, her voice breaking through Sherlock’s reverie.
“Dog themed gifts?” Sherlock echoed with some amusement, finding the idea of such a thing adorably ridiculous. Of course Mrs Hudson would buy them presents that mirrored the latest big change in their lives. He didn’t like how he’d not known about that too, though, how both Mrs Hudson and John had successfully schemed all of it without Sherlock catching even a hint of it. He lifted his eyebrows but John just shrugged mysteriously. “What on earth are ‘dog themed gifts?’”
Before they got to the door left ajar for them, John stopped Greg, leaning close gently, “Listen, if this isn't for you,
Smiling at him, Sherlock reclined his head back to the wall too, enjoying the way John flexibly bent to tie his laces, “That’s good...”
“But it’s always on his terms?”
“Take. Them. Down!”
you,” John said again, his voice quiet, intimate, a whisper in his ear. “It’s going to be fine.”
worth it… most of the time,” John replied, following Sherlock awkwardly and trying not to step on his toes, “And we need the money. It keeps us in biscuits and bleach. Without my wage we'd be eating pot noodles for every meal.”
?” John croaked when everything came crashing down over him again, the ribbons, the bows, the nudity, and he quickly averted his gaze, flushing hot and taking several shaky steps to lean against the back of his armchair. “Why are you
"Alright, alright," John laughed and, not a second later, Orion was by Sherlock's legs, sniffing him eagerly and barking up at him in eagerness, jumping up and putting his paws on Sherlock's belly.
“It's unexpectedly soft...” John murmured lowly, tilting his head and then beaming up at Sherlock with a bubbling laugh, thrown by how utterly farcical it was, “I've never stroked a bird before… well, my mate had pigeons when I was a kid, but they're just overgrown rats with wings. This is – surprisingly cool, actually.”
candle. In a fancy jar,” Sherlock added, wondering if that was romantic enough. “And...uh...roses?”
him,” Sherlock hissed under his breath, peeking at John’s back, his flexing shoulders and working arms. He glared at Mrs Hudson and took up a mince pie, gesturing with it. “He...he gave me the silly letter and I...I
“We’ll take a detour through the park to the shop,” Sherlock announced, giving his phone another glance just to make sure, and waiting for Orion to come back with his nature giving toy before throwing it ahead for them to walk toward.
“I got a tiny mirror,” Mrs Hudson said, looking at her prize.
, John. The plans are not difficult to decipher. No doubt Mrs Hudson will come up at some point, with simple, obvious gifts, mince pies and chocolate, beseeching me to play for her, to which I will concede,” Sherlock said with a sigh, annoyed he’d even been asked. What else was he to do on this dreadful day?
John let out a conceding sigh, unable to really argue with that point, and gave him a rolling shrug as they crossed the landing and walked into the kitchen together. A clear and clean and smell free kitchen. It was abundantly clear Sherlock hadn’t used it much, if at all, while John had been away.
isn’t for you, and you want to tap out at any time, we understand. Take a minute if you need one or just leave entirely. We won't hold it against you,” he reiterated with a low, soft tone, hopefully, soft enough not to be heard by Sherlock. He wasn’t interested in prompting another sulk. Pressing a feather-light supportive kiss to the corner of Greg’s mouth, John smiled, feeling bolstered by the returning purse. “You do you, as they say.”
“Have breakfast, I suppose,” Sherlock replied with a loose shrug, trying to calm his still racing heart as he reached for his tea and retreated to his chair. “And Mrs Hudson will need to be told - I’ll leave that to you.”
"What if it
“I bet you’re all
Colours and movement seemed to be on some sort of satellite delay as John looked around the pub, squinting idly at the few other punters who were dotted around on tables throughout the bar. They were like blurred snapshots, distorted and wonky, leaving smears of pigments from faces, hair, clothes that stretched out around them with each motion they made. Like looking at ink in water. Animated link. Perhaps it was? Perhaps they all were? John didn't know. Didn't know much of anything for a few long moments as he sat and stared and swayed in his chair, caught up by the swell of instability. The floor slanting under his feet, walls tilting around him, and ceiling angling down, then up, then down again. It was as hypnotising as it was sickening, and John had to clumsily cover his gaze with a sticky alcohol slicked hand to cut off his line of sight and cut his focus, grunting as he did so, unsure if the semi-darkness was better or worse than the rocking reality.
consider yourself married to your work, or was that just something to stop me asking stupid questions?”
“How about if we keep one piece?” John tried to negotiate while he tried not to burn from the inside out, tried not to think of what Sherlock’s lips would feel like against his. He feared what he might do, what he might think. What if it really did ruin them? What if it was all part of some experiment of Sherlock’s? To see what John may do if the opportunity presented itself? He couldn’t stop thinking of all the infinite possibilities, all the ways it could go wrong. Did he really want to risk it? Risk maybe altering what they had forever? “The, um, piece in the living room is okay. It’s high enough that it’s not in the way and it's not
He had slumped bonelessly to the floor at being left, tucking his uncoordinated arms under his chest, “
“Hello,” Eurus says standing up.
Sherlock opened his mouth. Then shut it… that question never came across. Of all the little details he could get off of anyone, sexuality was hardly one of them, it wasn’t physical. It was purely chemical… or that’s what everything he ever studied seemed to believe. As well as most scientists. And he did enjoy his scientific experiments.
“Are you, Doctor Watson?” she asked seemingly unable to stand up.
“What about the bruises?” Watson asked.
“Uh- Ritten Hill Hospital sir.” The man replied.
“You don’t know, or don't realize. Oh, oh dear Sherlock.” She sighed tapping on her chest.
Eurus mouthed a few letters, not wanting to make it too obvious. Then she fogged up a small area of the glass and drew a small heart.
“What?” Sherlock responded defensively.
They spoke for some time about the most recent piece he composed. One unlike his last one, Eurus looked at the paper and shook her head. “Just play it already, lets see whats new with you!” She sat on her bed cross legged and let out a soft laugh.
“Ms.Hull, I am hoping that she doesn't go to far as I am worried that the killer may come back for her. She may also need to stop at the hospital because she did not seem well.” John stated.
Ms.Hull stays near a few other police officers for fear of her safety.
“Which hospital?” They both questioned.
John placed down the newspaper he had in his hands and stretched in his chair. Then he looked around for a few moments. Deciding to pick up the paper again, reread a few sections. Nothing really stood out too much, nothing except the agonizing ticking of the clock on sherlocks desk.
John walked over to the body, she was naked leaned against the wall. She was left as if on display. Mutilations in numerous areas across her body. The smallest most conscious cuts of the womens face; from her eyebrows, to her lips in multiple cuts. Her arm was dislocated from her body, her skin above her collar bones had been cut entirely across her chest. Pieces of skin cut off from her thighs to her abdomen, and what looked as if her stomach was near scooped out. From the look of the smaller portions she had been alive during most of the process. Which in itself was horrible indeed.
“Finally, “ Sherlock sighed dropping his arms to his sides, “I am going in now,” He picked up his violin case and  walked to the revolving door. The deafening screeches of that concrete have become as routine as his visits. As if some spark in pavlov's dog his smile began to spread across his face as he enters the room.
Within moments both John and Lestrange made their way across the factory. There were a few machines running which seemed to be running nothing through them, but near the back where the switches were there was a chair with clothing, and what seemed to be the pieces of skin that the “Ripper” had cut off of the girl. From previous experience it was clear to John that these were indeed from the girl, the scene itself was recent within the day thanks to the information of both the body and the witness to the scene itself. The clothes were folded neatly, clearly the girls clothes, uncut, clean, no purse, or pockets, or known ID. It was clear that John would have to wait for a callback from the police for an ID. Although based on the clothing he deemed that she may of been either an artist or a teacher.
A woman wearing a long sleeved shirt, pants with unbearable holes and what looked like a series of bruises covering hands, knuckles, part of her chin.
“CONSTABLE! LESTRANGE!” yelled an officer from across the factory, “You may want to come see this!”
“Alright alright, it was good to see you Eurus, say, does next thursday work for you?” He asked.
Today was just another visit to play his violin with Eurus. Have a short conversation perhaps and dwell on some unsolved cases. He went through the usual procedures, checked, scanned, scanned again and a quick pat check. Never one for any sort of touchy contact, but if it meant walking into that room hed sustain the nearly unbearable physical portion of their security.
Lestrange and John both exited the building as the paramedics entered the building. John looked around as they went to talk to some of the officers however he did not see Ms.Hull. It was odd that she would leave at all considering her state. He walked over to the last cop he saw Ms.Hull by and asked himself, “excuse me, have you seen a girl who seemed bruised and had torn clothes here?”
“Yes, oh is that, are we playing something special today?” She inquired.
As the door closed and the footsteps receded, John let his austerity slip just enough to allow himself to close his eyes, press his face into his fingers, and exhale.
The mouth of it alone was the size of a carriage and carved to look as that precisely: a mouth. One that belonged to a giant.
But not all the water managed to escape southward and that which didn't accumulated in a pool beneath the balcony, throwing up a spectacular reflection of dancing light from below.
Sherlock just made a nondescript noise.
Sherlock was immediately crestfallen, aware from John's tone that he'd stepped over a line, but John spoke again before he could. Not wanting to watch the detective writhe too much. "But you /are/ right about me not having been with a man before or after. And maybe about everything else, I haven't ever thought about it really. But you're definitely NOT right about...I-- 'convenience' is the wrong word. It wasn't like that...It was--"
did I say I would update before the special? because I apparently meant /season 4/. gawd! you're following a jerk is what's happening. i'm SO sorry... it's not done. this chapter hated my guts and refused to be written so you have to face more waiting and chapters. but you deserve to have SOMETHING...so please take it before it kills me any more...
"You feel so good, love. This feels SO good." John encourages. It hurts a bit and it's a bit overwhelming but it feels /right/ and he loves it. "C'mon. Move now. You can move."
Brother Michael, with a bowl of his own only half full, took a seat upon the bedstead next to John (as it was the only place to sit in the one-room house), cleared some of the rushes out from beneath his feet, and grinned at the spoonfuls that were cycling themselves rather quickly towards John's mouth. The entire bowl disappeared swiftly before brother Michael, with relish, filled John's bowl a second time. He seemed contented to watch him eat for a long while, letting him fill himself full.
"You do know that we don't have to do anything tonight, don't you?" John said quietly. He was looking into Sherlock's eyes, making sure he knew. "To spend a night in your company is enough for me."
John scrambled to think of another title. Something else to call him by that would still show the respect he was to be afforded. "No . . . my Prince. I--"
"Think I've done fairly well so far." John smirked and his interest did not wane.
Gregson continued after raising a quieting hand. "We've called this conference to proudly announce that a Mr. Sterling Sipe of central London, was taken into police custody yesterday morning. He has since been charged under the suspicion of both murders."
John had resisted looking at his companion for as long as he possibly could, but being left alone with him now, unable to have anything else familiar to soothe him, John looked.
"Picture yourself standing on the platform waiting for a train. Are you picturing it? The rail closest to you is the left-hand running rail, then there's the negative conductor rail, followed by the right-hand running rail, and finally the positive conductor rail along the back. This last one is where the most dangerous of the voltage passes through, which is why it's set the furthest away from the platform's edge.
"Then what?" He asked aloud to the empty room and his stomach was the only thing that growled an answer. Suddenly he realized just how hungry he was and that he hadn't had anything to eat today but the coffee he'd had this morning. Which made his hunger pang all the harder.
Sherlock sent him away by not speaking to him at all.
The first time Sherlock came, it was with a gutteral cry like that of pain and an impressive arc of emissions across his own chest. His body rocking with a full-body spasm so violent he nearly broke John's nose in his palsy.
"No." John whispered, and only his quick breath betrayed him. A whole new worry of physical beauty swept over John and nearly made him flee. How terrible was he to look upon?
"He's in a bit of a mood, isn't he?" She asked confusedly, turning back to John. "Let me just get a towel for that dear." She tutted at the mess in the kitchen and returned like a finicky aunt, blotting at John's chest while he still stared wide-eyed at the empty doorframe. "This will have to come off love. It's too chilly out there to be wet. You go and change and then we'll be off."
"What dentist's appointment, Sherlock? What are you on about?" John asked amongst the upheaval, digging in his heels and stopping their progression just inside the doorway.
"Ouch." Ygritte was snapping on some gloves. "I'm just going to do a preliminary evaluation of the tooth, if I may?" She held up her hands to show her intentions and John reluctantly let her probe into his mouth. He comforted himself by watching Sherlock, who had taken a seat opposite him facing the shut door that they all three had come in through.
Sherlock turned his chin to look at the ceiling, his hand releasing John's shoulder as if it didn't deserve to be there. "It's not going to work."
John talks about his past. and i'm sorry i keep teasing you with the promise of hunkachunka but there's pesky plot points that need setting up. apologies apologies.
"But you have," Sherlock went on. "With William."
And soon the cluster of people had began to encircle him, forming a crush. Wide-eyed and amazed. Some reaching out to touch him in case he may not be real. Snagging at his clothes. "No, please." He had tried, making a move towards openings that were immediately closed off by more people. Pulling himself back from the briar of their fingers. Clara had moved close until her shoulder had brushed his. "You're making a mistake."
Beginning on Sherlock's riotous mess of perfectly laid curls, the ones that crowned the wing-like blades of his sharp, hunched shoulders, which in turn, rose delicately out from the smooth plain of his elongated back, terminating into the apple shape of his buttocks and wondered how the hell he'd gotten to this moment in time. In this place. With /this/ man.
He should have stayed quiet.
"Reasonably moderate intelligence?" Was John's only comment.
He squatted low, holding a piece out on the tips of his long fingers, trying to get it to come closer. This had been an ongoing experiment.
And his method? To simply pull up a chair beside Prince Sherlock's bedside and read to him aloud the entirety of 'De alchimia opuscula complura veterum philosophorum', which was a compendium of work by many noted alchemists of the time that brother Michael knew Sherlock to be a literary student of.
All he'd have to do was to wait.
"Last one?" Molly asked and Lestrade obliged to fill her in on the bus man.
John let his eyes linger on the subtle slope of Sherlock's shoulders, the way his white skin fit around those long sleek muscles. The way his ribs curved into his back curved into the advent of his arse in the same scrolling motion as the f-holes on his violin. Looking like a work of art. Looking as though he'd been carved from a thousand years of tradition.
By the time they reach home, Mrs. Hudson is out on the front step, wrapped in a long puffy white coat. She's pacing fitfully on the kerb and does her best to get in the way of all Sherlock's efforts in trying to get John out of the cab.
Prince Sherlock's breath caught just as suddenly as John's had upon entering the room and seeing him standing there.
Sherlock's knees came up and moved out to accommodate John as he rested his body between his legs. John letting out an involuntary moan as his own aching cock became pressed between him and the bed, applying just enough insufficient friction to cause him to start rutting against the covers in time with his mouth. Neither man commenting on the fact that Sherlock'd softened considerably more as John's mouth finally met his flesh.
As he came back around, there was a black car idling at the curb. His jaw immediately clenched, his hands balling up into fists as the door opened. A slithering voice came out with the rolling heat. "Always a pleasure to see you, Dr. Watson. Do get in, it is a rather chilly night tonight."
"Don't they? That's highly inconvenient." He said, piercing a flesh fly like he was threading a needle. "And can you pick me up some cheek swabs? I've run out."
"My mind requires constant stimulus John, so it rebels when left to seed, and it will rarely allow the needs of my flesh to supersede my thoughts, however much I may wish it to. Is that sufficient enough explanation?"
Miles grinned sublimely and gave him a small wave goodbye.
They had all learned to be well afraid of the wrath that had mysteriously and suddenly possessed the castle. When four years previous suddenly any and all of their transgressions, however minuscule, came to be punished with the utmost severity. Sent down by the King's sealed decree with no court willing to hear them.
"Newton's second law." Sherlock said definitively.
"The toast is soggy and the coffee's gone cold." Sherlock was saying and as if hiding it simply for this pleasure, Sherlock produced his mug from somewhere and set it on the tabletop right next to John's RAMC mug that had somehow - even more miraculously - made it back downstairs. "I'll be needing you to make some more."
John did his best to hold absolutely still.
When William had held out his large hand, John had let the heavy coins drop, fearing what touching his hand may lead to.
Thanks to his military fortitude, he had already been dressed for the day in a tee shirt and jeans. Unwilling to lounge about the flat in his pyjamas despite his illness. So it is only the simple task of pulling on his jacket and slipping on his shoes before he was ready to go.
John's horse shuffled uncomfortably in place, snorting, feeling John's uneasiness flow from him in waves. He pulled the reigns taut and patted her neck, in an effort to both quiet himself and her.
"Oh." John's mouth formed the shape, though the word was barely a whisper. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock."
"So, Dr. Watson. Any progress today?"
Sherlock looked absolutely ridiculous. Lestrade's dove gray sweatpants only reached as far as mid-calf on Sherlock, despite being pushed down to a precariously low level on his hips. The sockless trainers did little to hide the pale stems of his white ankles, and his long arms seemed to dangle comically out of the black sweatshirt's nonexistent sleeves, having been cut off at the shoulders in an effort to look cool, presumably. To cap it all off, Lestrade had a significantly shorter torso, so the sweatshirt managed to ride up around Sherlock's belly at every move, revealing of the soft V of his abdomen in tantalising flashes that made John's belly flutter with delight.
John waited and waited in the heavy silence. Blotting himself dry as best he could and toweling his hair enough to keep it from dripping while he impossibly waited some more.
He touched his temples, willing forth the answer. "Oh! Yes. Obvious! You contracted a nosocomial infection of some sort. It would make perfect sense!" He clapped his hands together like a sorcerer summoning a spell. "It weakened you, so much so that you still consider yourself under its grasp. So that's it then, isn't it?"
"Well if you'd type faster than you could keep up."
But perhaps...
Fuck the Thames.
John followed as Sherlock strode straight up to a man whose countenance would usually dissuade all passers by from making conversation with him at this time of night. He looked half busker, leaning against the bus stop, with his steel gray beard and mustache and a spider web tattoo netting out across his temple. Dressed casually in a black hoodie and dark jeans.
"Well, that's charming." John stood up, beckoned by the boiling kettle.
Tear stains bled through the dirt on his cheeks and he fought tooth and nail clear up until the thick wooden slats of the stocks snapped over his thin wrists and neck and were locked into place.
A squad car had just come to a stop at the railing and they watched Lestrade and Donovan clamber out and look in their direction. John fought down the urge to give a little wave.
"By edict and mandate of I, High Steward Charles Magnussen, and by the permission given to me by Castle Appledore, we do uphold today the accusations and punishment of the crimes committed by one: Phillip, son of Ander, against the Crown.
"Loose ends." John muttered, remembering it amongst the list Sherlock had mentioned back in his office and shook his head. "Right."
"Who?" John tried to figure it out, floundering in his disorientation. Then pointed behind them with his thumb, "Miles? No. Not like /that/, no. If that's what you're implying. No, he's straight. We were just ...having a chat."
"I don't." John had rasped.
Yes. That sounded good.
Sherlock chuckled, "here." He reached out and took hold of both utensil and hand, manipulating John's fingers until he had them pinched appropriately, loosely, held like a pen in his right hand. John flexed them experimentally and found he could finally pinch up some of the steaming chow mein that was making his mouth flood with saliva.
And as he shut the door to the solar behind him, there was a smile on his face that he had  not smiled since he was a boy. When he used to think that the only riches he would ever  experience in his life were to be found in the fields and meadows.
Drawn back into his eyes at the movement, John saw Sherlock stretching for the lubricant he'd already had located sometime before, obviously avoiding any further questions.
John was shin-deep in the Thames when Lestrade's hand on his arm stopped him from going in too. "We need blankets!" Lestrade yelled up to the idle medics, grip firm on John's sleeve, pulling him bodily back. "And crack some heatchems! That fucking idiot's going to freeze himself to death..."
The hair on John's arms prickled upright. If it had not been for the armour ensconcing him, John feared the clatter of heart might have been heard outside his body, or perhaps that the infernal organ may have bounced clear out of his chest completely and been trampled by his horse.
The rest of the conversation was lost as the doors swung shut behind John. Taking solace at a fast clip down the hall towards the lift, willing his erection to stand down and his emotions to cease in their whirlwind.
Charles would bite harshly at his lips with a hot iron tongue. Choking him with hot gore. And then bear him down upon his back right there where they stood. Sprawling them both over Mycroft's broken corpse.
There had been a smile at play in Sherlock's pale eyes. His voice, by contrast, a dark rumble through the silence. "Do you intend to sleep all day? If I'd have known my flatmate had required a hibernation period, I perhaps would have declined your sharing the rent."
"Haven't you something more useful to do than /loom/?" Sherlock asked darkly, startling John from his musings and into the very idea that he could actually do such a thing.
"That's it?" John was a bit floundered at the spartan request.
Swallowing his surprise, John and William both made quick work of getting John redressed in his new garments. And John marveled at the feeling of the soft textiles as they slipped over his battered skin.
// CHAPTER THREE
"And the baby food...?"
Sometime later, his physician had come round, knocked and entered. Looking at him with those bored eyes that always looked at him the same. Another body in a bed. Another paycheck on the way.
Harriet and Clara had roused John from his bed to see to the men at the door, each woman taking hold of his arms to support him, assuring him that it would be well worth his trouble.
The back door led to a hallway that stretched on for twenty meters that was pitch black, save for narrow chevrons of yellow lights beckoning them onward towards a shuddering, riotous terminus that looked like an explosion of deafening bass and technicolor neon.
"How do you know what she's doing?" John asked, because it was an almost Pavlovian response to the random facts Sherlock liked to throw out.
"Okay. That's okay." John nods encouragingly.
"Hail fellow!"
"It's a club."
For it would be better than this.
Upon it, John saw five of the ten devil's foot mushrooms that he had brought back from Baskerville Forest. Their shriveled black and red caps had been pierced through with a long metal hook and they were left to dry in a line, cracking down the middle, creating a cloven hoof shape, just as Sherlock had described.
John did his best not to eavesdrop...but could hardly help it. The naked stone walls with not but a torch to stare at did little to keep his mind focused elsewhere. And though the wooden door was nearly shut, he could still make out the quiet murmurings from within.
Not until a woman holding a chicken in a cage with the intention to sell it at market had dropped her burden to hastily get down and kneel to him as if he were a lord was he startled from his paralysis. The poultry's angry bawk had roused him into action.
And though he was tempted to turn the honor down that very moment, the privileges that were to come with the title were the only things that stayed his tongue.
All the while William and John continued to live in sin. Sleeping in each other's bedsteads. Taking midday meals together. Fucking whenever and wherever they could secret themselves away.
When he emerged from the bathroom, flexing his hand tightly and having to convince himself to loosen his jaw, he found Sherlock sitting on the back of the top of his chair, posing like a monk. His Belstaff was laid beside him in easy reach and his wingtips were sinking into the soft seat like quicksand. His long chin was balanced precariously on his thumb tips, watching John as he went about his morning routine in the kitchen, slamming things a little louder than necessary, of course. Because he had every right.
"What? That you believe yourself to be a simulacrum of your previous self?"
A dirty whisper snuck in and suggested something along the lines of John being undesirable. Unstimulating. But then he saw the flash of those quicksilver eyes piercing right through that thought. /I choose you because you are what I want./ And put an end to that. Sherlock's choices were never made idly.
Sherlock was painted and pearled and sparkled like the royalty he was. While John looked not dissimilar to a drowned cat someone had lifted from a rut in the road.
Don't know where you're goin', only know just where you've been,
Asano-san's name is based on Tadanobu Asano, one of my favorite Japanese actors.
"I never asked you to."
"Oh. Oh, right. Good. Wow. So...you've been in a relationship, then?" Somehow, this seemed to be far more staggering.
The High Steward hesitated for a minute, before flicking the key back out and unlocking it, leaving the bolt for John.
With Clara at his elbow, John had finally stopped his efforts to press through and lifted his chin. Ready for anything. . .
John reminisced on how he had awoken that morning, called to consciousness by the single soft syllable of his name, spoken from his bedroom doorway. Drawn up like a fish on a hook. He'd blinked at the mad detective, needing a moment to orient himself and sit up. "Sherlock?"
"It didn't take me very long to see his potential. He does have a gift. I think puzzle solving...yeah...I think it's what saved his life, honestly. It's easier to let him be who he is when you figure that out."
And the nucleus of it all was that of all times to be on the brink of another crazy case, there was the incredibly terrifying, totally outrageous, and potentially amazing possibility that he would share his bed too. Be a half in the most intimate of intimate things that the world's only Consulting Detective could share...and it rocked John Watson to his core.
"No. Well...no. And yes." John was confusing himself. "I mean, why me? Is it...convenience? I just- why not go find someone more your age? Or your ...type? Whatever that is." Well that was dreadful.
He drew closed the curtains and wandered back over to the hearth, "mind if I put this out?" But Sherlock was too lost in his head, muttering and gesticulating like a mental patient. He filled a large empty beaker from the tap and doused the flames until they sputtered and went dead. He stayed crouched for a moment, watching the simmering embers, reflecting on the past three days with an unabashed amount of amazement.
Moving quickly, he turned in the halo of Sherlock's stiff arms, coming nose-to-nose with Sherlock's face and a look John couldn't quite decipher. There was a cool, blank expression schooling his long features and not a bit of the sedated pride he'd heard in him from a moment before.
"There will be someone to meet you in Baker Town," brother Michael continued and for the first time since he had met him, the smile had slipped from his face for the merest moment. A cold shock gripped John's belly, like a cloud passing over the sun, but then the smile was returned and the air was warm again. "Oh and here."
Sherlock's face tightened into a scowl at the walls he was constantly meeting in this maze, unable to get ahead of them. "Additionally, he hires a private company to monitor his aquarium's parameters twenty-four hours a day, perform regular water changes, and the like. They have remote access to water quality readings. Temperature, calcium, phosphorus, nitrates, nitrites, potassium, and ammonia were all verified to be ideal. They e-mailed me his equipments' data for the past three months. A service they provide to all their clients to monitor trends in the water."
John recalled vaguely when Mr. Asano had thwacked the photo of the fish. "And you took the case...because?" Sherlock was already bent over John's laptop, typing away with both hands, hollowing his cheeks until they made a soft sucking sound. "Sherlock? Since when do you find a /fish/ interesting enough to make a case about it? I know it's not, you even said so, but you're still taking it. Why? You're certainly not doing it for Mycroft."
"I KNOW you don't really want to do anything right now and that's perfectly alright." He pressed his hand fixedly to Sherlock's bird-frantic heart for temperance, watching him swallow. His dark eyelashes flutter. "And I don't want you to ever feel like you /have/ to endure anything to keep me happy. Okay? I won't hold it against you if you don't feel like doing what I want to do.
John would take care of him tonight. They both knew that.
The upside-down reflection of himself inside his spoon is just discombobulating enough make him nearly fall over with dizziness, until the brute beside him claps his 'CASH' hand on his shoulder and pulls him upright again. And suddenly John is looking at person who hadn't been here before.
"Missing? What?" It sounded preposterous. "That's the case then? A missing fish? And you're actually taking it?"
"Yes. That is something you keep saying more loudly and at greater frequency whenever someone brings it into conversation." Sherlock blinked. "Sex with a man doesn't make you gay John."
"The Americans had quite a scare of it in the beef industry a while back, when it was discovered that they were feeding their cows their own dead. Still not ringing any bells? Hm? Then perhaps you're more familiar with it being called Cruetzfeld-Jakobs?"
Sherlock ignored him. Not speaking until John finally looked away. "Would your conscience have been more at ease back there if I had allowed you to frisk me? Perhaps you would like to check my pupils?"
"Alright. Easy. I'm just asking." John didn't understand the sudden shift in emotion that was playing out behind the door. Had Asano-san said something? Was there more going on? John made to move away, but then hesitated. "Hey Sherlock? The Chairman handed me something when I was downstairs. A business card, I think, but I can't read it. Can you, I dunno, maybe take a look at it? Tell me what you think?"
Sherlock took his torso into his lap, folding him up and tipping his long jaw against John's temple, taking long pulls of breath to lead John to do the same. Breathing together. Slowing their hearts into unanimity. John's spine felt severed from the apricot of his brain, bundled like a child.
John had no doubt that he looked a fright as he weathered the cold rake of the High Steward's dead eyes. His clothing was caked with mud and felt a thousand times heavier than when he'd first put it on. His beard felt as solid as a sheaf of barley on the bottom of his face. And he sucked in such big lungfuls of air that black spots danced before his vision. "Please." He gasped. "Please."
It was then that the air around them crackled with anticipation. Causing the very air to shiver as though lightning were about to strike.
After a moment, shaking off his surprise, Prince Sherlock drew himself to his full height and stepped back, tilting just so into the light to put himself on display. He was fully aware of the effect this gave and he preened as though he were a bird, letting John Watson, humble beggar that he was, look his fill.
"I didn't know you had a tattoo." Sherlock said, not fazed in the least. He leaned over to inspect John's arm even more closely. Tracing the fine black lines of the tasteful combination of the Northumberland Fusiliers' and the Royal Army Medical Corps'  insignias tattoo that took up most of his right bicep with fascinated eyes. John quickly shoved the laptop against him and all but pushed him out the door. "Out Sherlock! Out. OUT!"
John's mouth opened wide, angry, exasperated, ready to start in on him, his eyes boggling in his head. Of ALL the goddamned things to say! He even turned halfway away from the window only to turn back, resorting to an infuriated sniff, disengaging. Having a row in the back of a taxi would do him no good. "Always knew you were a proper genius." He said coldly. His voice a dark rattle in his throat.
As he felt he always had been.
"To get more milk."
Deeply drawn breaths made their kissing grow heavier. Lips harder. Mouths moving together and apart to try and catch each other shifting. A soft bite. A shudder and a hiss. A thick flame of curling heat that struck low in the belly.
Dr. Sipe smiled with all his ridiculously white teeth. "Oh, not to worry Dr. Watson. We won't need anything quite that extreme for a little thing like this. We'll just be using some nitrous oxide."
John wants desperately to reach out and grab ahold of him before Sherlock can pull away and it feels like one of life's most ultimate betrayals that he can't.
He imagined those butterfly-shaped hips sweeping back and forth with such measured precision, reading his want perfectly, and John taking him firmly by his buttocks from behind and pulling them closer still. Wanting more. /Needing/ more.
Down on the street, he regretted half-heartedly slamming the door, if only for Mrs. Hudson's sake. But it was made all the worse when a large and terrible sound erupted behind him. He spun around as a six-foot sheet of solid plywood splintered down onto the pavement, pulling a startled scream from a woman on the opposite side of the pavement. One of very few pedestrians out at this time of night. Stupidly braving this cold weather.
Sherlock hummed and wandered away a bit, taking up a large tome that John had not noticed resting at the foot of the well-made four-posted bed.
"Then please," he beseeches her with the last option he has, his eyes rimmed with tears. "Before you do anything. Allow me to say one last thing to John."
The right wall was lined with tall, private booths while the center of the room was offset with blooms of plush gray chairs gathered around small black tables, where a few clutches of chatting men were sitting. Somewhere beyond was the ambient thump of a bass pulsing rhythmically in another room.
After slipping asleep for the umpteenth time and sleeping soundly, John roused himself enough to leave the bed. Throwing on his dressing gown and gathering up his blue striped shirt and black trousers to wear, making his way downstairs.
The mare snuffled at the choice of grass she had beneath the tree and bumped his shoulder unhappily.
"Indeed." Sherlock muttered back, rising to his feet as the group approached.
Sherlock, begrudgeingly, muted the television as a shampoo commercial flashed on. "I told you that /most/ of them were innocuous, if you'll properly recall." He glanced up at John's clenched jaw. "Oh, do relax John. It's nothing more harmful than influenza and you've already had this year's vaccine jab so you'd be perfectly fine SHOULD anything go awry, which it won't. You have my word." Almost, as an afterthought, he added proudly, "I took the liberty of wiping down the various surfaces of your clinic last night when I came to fetch you from work, so it's nothing you've not come into contact with before. See? All better."
"It was a gift from my brother on my sixth name day." Sherlock provided. He stared at it as a wash of memories poured through him. He remembered the squeal he'd given at opening the box and seeing it for the first time, the resulting tantrum he had had when his little arms couldn't pull the heavy thing almost twice his size out, and finally the absolute joy when he had been set up in a tall chair, his knees pressed into the instrument's wide waist, and he could still recall with perfect clarity that pure and blissful sound when he pulled the bow across its gut-strung strings. How proud his parents had been of him then when they had been alive. His brother standing by his side.
They were an inch apart now, building heat in each other's eyes. Sherlock's blazed with pale fire, while John's roiled dark like the sulfur vents at the bottom of the sea. They lived as two things purely elemental, opposite and true.
John managed to compose an answer for his Prince this time. "Yes your Highness. I did not know if--"
At that, John's imagination shattered into dust. "Excuse me?"
"How do you...?" John murmured.
"It's been a long while since you played, I take it?" John asked, having guessed by the  amount of dust that had been gathered on the parchments he had shifted.
Whatever the cause, one thing was always agreed upon, that Appledore had suddenly begun to earn its fearsome sigil; the creature purported to be able to kill with a single look: the basilisk.
He bit off a cry and Sherlock broke away panting. "No sex, John."
He moved to sit up, but when Sherlock's face began to twist into a horrified frown, John scrambled up and dropped himself straight onto the detective's chest so that he was face-to-face to explain himself. "Hey. No, listen Sherlock. It's not that I /don't/ want to. It's just that, right now, THIS is not going to work for me. Usually when I get off, I want the person I'm with to get off too."
John had never smelled anything like it before.
"Are you curious to learn of the other symptoms your illness will progress with? No? Well perhaps I will share anyway...for posterity:
The High Steward looked down on John in a gown of gold, clearly taking in John's new wardrobe. But whether he approved or disapproved of it, he gave no clue. And immediately began to walk away.
The Queen Mother purses her lips. "Oh for goodness' sake, I'm fairly certain that Dr. Watson is more of a threat in drowning himself with drool than he is of attacking me. Now go."
He knew he shouldn't be reacting like this, but he couldn't help it. His breath quickened, his vision darkening, and the cold rush of pure oxygen burned its way into his lungs.
When Sherlock said nothing of this, he continued. "I suppose he could have just went to an older doctor or maybe an outpatient clinic that isn't quite up on the equipment or something...dunno. Poor sod's had a stroke of bad luck, though." John said.
But Sherlock was too occupied to notice.
He purposely traveled the way opposite from John's scar, not wanting to exacerbate his work no matter how he longed to map it with his tongue, for there would be another time. He moved on to the cap of his deltoid, discovering it with his teeth. The new robin's egg-coloured sheets spreading out flat beneath the golden shelf of flesh gave the appearance of cliffside ocean. And Sherlock Holmes' was its keeper.
Sherlock blew out a frustrated breath, wanting John to already be praising his genius, not making him wade through the quagmire of principles. "Meaning that at approximately noontime, the High Steward will sit down with my leftovers and meticulously pick over everything I have left as he does every day. Thereby consuming enough tincture to put him to bed at around eight o'clock tonight and keep him sleeping until around eight o'clock tomorrow."
"The answer should be obvious John. Just say yes."
But the most vicious among them chose a handful of excrement or a hefty rock as their projectiles.
As if John's body literally glowed from beneath it.
John's voice became heavy now, his eyes staring unblinkingly at the small pink disc of nipple that when he'd reopened his eyes had been the only thing keeping him grounded to this moment. Keeping him focussed on /something/ rather than the terror crawling up his spine. "And I want very much to say that I don't remember that part, that I should have been too out of it to even think right, but /I do/, Sherlock. I know I do.
Unable to work his lands alone and therefor unable to pay his debts, the Lady of the Manor reclaimed William's lands and with it, William himself. John had tried to persuade William into moving in with him and his sister and her wife, but William had been afraid of what the Lady of the Manor might do now that he was singled out and sure to be accounted for, and so instead felt that it was in his best interest to marry the Lady of the Manor's son to save himself the grief.
"Since you're not going to ask, I should tell you that I won. Well, the hand that we actually finished. Not cash, but..."
It felt good, to be testing out the boundaries of this new relationship. And it gave him hopes as to what might be allowed between them when they were seen out together now. Obviously Sherlock wasn't embarrassed by semi-public kissing, given how he'd practically /climbed/ into John's mouth at the morgue. Though that had been only for a small audience and for admittedly practical purposes. Would he show the same affection around others now that they were together? How were they expected to act at crime scenes? The Work came first, of course. So perhaps it would be best to let Sherlock make the first move...
if I—”
“Yes,” Sherlock answered with a quick nod, finding his hands clasped into the front of John’s sleep shirt. He gaped, gulped, shivered, and frowned. “I didn’t notice…”
He tried not to pause mid-chew, though wasn’t sure he was completely successful as John’s eyebrows twitched up knowingly, “What
John nodded back with a faint tip of his head and then got up, starting to hum to the tune of Jingle Bells again before he caught himself and covered his mouth, “
“You should take him to the park while I’m at work,” John instructed, rolling one shoulder in answer to Sherlock’s sideways scowl. “You were probably already planning on doing that, yes, but even so. I just know it will likely be too late when I get back all the time.”
“Mrs Hudson, it’s
’ exactly,” Greg replied, “I mean, I constantly have to stick up for you two at work. People have been assuming things about the both of you, separately and together, since the very beginning! Bets are going on, rumours, gossip, theories, it’s honestly ridiculous! - I didn’t think Sherlock was your type in all honesty, whenever I did entertain the thought that you were so inclined.” He glanced at an aghast, affronted, sneering Sherlock. “No offence intended, of course. I just thought John’s type was more... charming and short and less sarcastic.”
"I didn't say that now, did I?"
"Yeah...
“This is serious,” John said in his mock-serious tone.
best we don't. - You would only repeat yourself, unnecessarily, and tug us around in the same circles. Just take this as it is, John. Just... enjoy it without question. We might die tomorrow, as people say. So does it
,” Sherlock said, pretending to wipe his brow of sweat and bowing his head in modest amusement, cheeks hurting from how broad his grin had grown. He felt like an idiot and probably looked like one too. The chuckle that emerged from John’s lips was worth it though, as was the almost full body nudge.
things!” Clearing his throat, Sherlock lowered his voice even more, bending to her and taking a bite from the pie to mumble around. “You were in on it and I hate it, and now I’ve showed my hand, ruined everything, and I’m blaming you.”
Their sealed mouths muffled Sherlock’s next several outcries and progressively loud screams of exhilaration, and Greg hummed in pure enjoyment, peeking through his lashes as Sherlock’s cock went rigid and increasingly engorged, spilling copiously up his shaking stomach in strong, arcing lines. John couldn't tear his eyes away. Their kiss was ferocious in a way John had never witnessed, elongating Sherlock’s orgasm for a minute longer than what was usual. He pulsed over John’s hand soaking his skin, the sleeve of his jumper and the bedsheets. It was maddening. Perfect yet maddening. Not something John was satisfied with, he needed more.
As before it curled up completely into the tight coil, “Why can you say what it means for me and not what it does for Sherlock?”
“... I
Sherlock unbuckled his belt with cold fingers that refused to cooperate and wriggled his trousers down his legs before hauling off his shoes and socks. John grabbed his feet as soon as Sherlock sat back down again, and rubbed them to warm them up, pressing them to the warm skin of his thighs with a slight flinch at the contrasting temperature. Sherlock’s feet were ice cold and pale, and John rubbed them energetically to get some colour into them, reaching to pull Sherlock a little closer by the waist as the wind blew a slight splattering of rain into the cave.
? Is that so?” Santa asked, finding that fact all the more entertaining and looking John up and down, brow furrowed, bushy eyebrows drawn together in disbelief. “You're a
“...I don’t know how to take that,” Sherlock mumbled, lost on their conversation, unsure if John was doing what he thought he was or was in fact only pretending to while actually talking about sausages. John never talked about sausages before.
“It's – the
,” John said and squeezed his knee. “Dogs
With a quick look, Sherlock eyed John’s quirked mouth, recognising it as what it was with sudden precision and feeling a rapid pooling of heat, thinking about the implications of his words, “Yes,” he agreed, finding his voice a little hoarse. John grinned but said nothing, simply leaning into him and squeezing his fingers as Orion and the poodle played. Sherlock, knowing he had to warn him about the clear and future implications and actions, tapped his hand, giving a thin smile at John’s questioning eyebrow twitch. “... I don’t know how I’ll react. I’ve not shared the bed with another person before. Not like
“To...to keep you,” Sherlock told him, ears burning as he heard the words aloud, “Keep you on as a
. Hard not to really. There’s this… tension. A different sort of tension to one that normally hangs around with both. You know, the kind that probably is the reason the two of you can become suddenly so… distant. - Look, whatever it is that he’s done, he
There was a anxious and hurried shake of the head pressed against his, “No… want… close… please…” the words were broken off with a wimper as Sherlock tensed suddenly and bit down on his own lip. There was an oddly familiar throb and pulse as Sherlock leaned hard against him and shuddered through his orgasm, the last fitful thrusts of his hips stilling as new wetness bloomed between them, soaking through both sets of underwear.
with the handcuffs,” John practically gushed, close to drooling. Sherlock let loose a needy, impatient sound while Greg gently lay him down again, more pillows added for comfort, and John glanced at him, adding a second finger alongside the first, stretching him wider. “Being in charge of him, keeping him in line. It's –
,” Sherlock scoffed and put down a card, "Stop fretting so."
John shrugged, meeting Sherlock's spiteful eye and raising an eyebrow, “Didn't realise you were so eager to share the arrangement with our friends though,” he intoned, keeping their gazes locked as he turned his head to play Sherlock at his own game and finally, finally, get it off his chest, “We've been sleeping together for a few months. Not a relationship, we're not a couple, we just occasionally share orgasms.”
“Uh huh,” Greg hummed, and set his mug down on the coffee table. “Why are you
He had never had a reaction to a simple kiss like it before. His lips had kissed many, many people over the years – from his first tentative peck at the age of 12, to the longest relationship he had with a woman – yet he had never felt his lips tingling in such a way. It was odd, thrilling and utterly alarming at the same time. It had been so quick, the destruction of him, of them, that he knew he’d be reeling over it for days later. It was perfect and horrifying and everything he had thought kissing Sherlock might be, even kissing him for that short of time.
“That would be
“What for?” Sherlock exclaimed, voice cracking and going slightly high-pitched. He shuddered at John’s replying glower and swallowed with a gasping shiver. “I... I came--"
John sighed and gave Greg an apologetic look, "Sorry mate. You know how he is."
“Of course, John,” she told him, giving the remaining mistletoe still in her hand another wiggle as she winked, beamed, and leaned against his side, almost toppling him over. “You two enjoy yourselves. Get back on track. - All you two needed was a bit of a nudge. To be reminded of that little
to talk."
“She's still a
John, who had been focused on the door, righted himself and pulled at Sherlock’s neck for a steadying kiss, "Alright," he said, "but he's going to
Sherlock glanced between the two of them and bit into a carrot, strangely not enjoying the quiet, mind too deafening, too stuffed, “Normally I hate this season, for
Springing up from his sprawled out position on the sofa, making John jump, Sherlock bounded over with an airy laugh and a smile that crinkled his eyes, “Go on then, seeing as you’re offering,” he replied and came to a halt a few feet in front of John, gaze already darting, jumping, sweeping over him from head to toe. “So they feel good? Comfortable?”
? I thought it was a superb idea!”
traditions around it. Many stories. One such tradition has people kiss with each berry that’s plucked and the kissing only stops after all the berries have been removed.” He gave it an upwards glance. “Though I don’t fancy doing that. Bit toxic those berries. As is the rest of it, really. If ingested.”
, you
like to know what you think. To, uh, to see your reaction!”
close to some sort of proposal,” Sherlock muttered in light sarcasm, slouching lot more heavily in relaxation, one of his arms looping around John’s shoulders. “I’m tired, John…” He turned his head aside to drop it down, tucking into John’s neck with a quivering exhale and a tickling, feather-light peck just above the collar of his shirt. “It is exhausting doing this as much as I do.
“... This
funny?”
shy. Just look at how he reacted earlier. By saying he's cold, I know that he wants me to get naked and get into bed with him.”
“Maybe she should,” John said, wrapping his arms tighter about his torso. “I think I like you here.”
“After 1 then,” Sherlock said, swallowing hard, which only made the lump in his throat to feel ever bigger. He shifted through the papers, trying to find the name of the puppy, feeling overcome once again at the thought of owning a dog again, that John had done this for him.
a good boy or a bad boy?”
"Tomorrow maybe?" John asked. "The day after?"
“Hm, I suppose things could be peeled,” Mrs Hudson said, “but that won’t be necessary for a while yet. Why don’t you both have a proper look at everything. I think I might ice the cookies.”
crushes that go in time… unless you’re Molly, but that’s only because you—”
John blinked, "... What?"
. It's nice. Uncomplicated.”
Sherlock lingered at the bottom of the stairs as John opened the door and stepped out, “Yes…” he breathed to himself, distant barking echoing through his head as he took a few breaths and pushed himself onward, locking up and sliding in beside John.
"Yeah... most of them have to do with—"
“Helpless and under you?” John asked, shivering and twisting slightly with uncertainty. “Sounds pleasant...”
Looking around, Sherlock clenched his hands, shifted, and then abruptly grinned, leaning close to Greg, “
do anyway. Not so sure about
“I thought you might want a newer model than the one you have,” John explained.
to show me… just knowing that you're wearing them is treat enough--”
not obvious; I'm going to give you a massage."
Needing nothing more than that to get him going, John squeezed a generous dollop of lube onto his fingers and rubbed at it to chase away the slight chill, “Relax for me,” he breathed using his slicked up thumb to lightly slide between Sherlock's buttocks and trace across the tight whorl of skin, encircling it in order to sensitise Sherlock to the touch. It didn't matter how many times they did this, how many times Sherlock had been on the receiving end of John's gentle touch, he still tensed and held his breath. Waiting and adjusting until all rippling tension shuddered out of him in a rush. “There's a good man.” John praised, leaning down to kiss Sherlock's prominent hipbones.
“Of course I was,” she replied, pressing a kiss to his cheek. “I usually am about these things.”
"I'll get one for myself then," John said and licked his lips. "
“It was
!” John hissed, slapping at the bar again and almost upending his pint glass for a second time. “D'ya know how
John groaned and relaxed against Sherlock, his head resting on the still damp and pleasingly cool collar of Sherlock’s Belstaff.
"Oh my God,
Sherlock huffed, mind reeling, and gave John a sweeping glance, not seeing any lump or bump under his clothing where something could be tucked, then slowly held out his left hand, “I
needy...”
“I may be in charge when it comes to our work-life, yes, but our domestic life… is all you.”
“I would be broken,” John whispered in a harsh, strangled wheeze, meaning every utterance. He could feel every atom in his body tearing apart at the thought of a life without Sherlock in it. “I
can join?”
, I’m leaving.”
is it? What's funny!” Deciding to see for himself, John wandered into Sherlock's bedroom where the full length mirror was and opened his robe again, shifting to see what the fuss was, what had made Sherlock lose all control of himself, and it didn't take long for him to understand. "
,” he uttered and stood back, hands on his hips, to admire his work, before he turned to face John expectantly. “I know what she was trying to do and I know what you were trying to do. It was quite obvious that she wanted me to kiss you and you… did not. It’s
"Yeah. I expected him to keep—
“That’s very thoughtful of you both,” Mrs Hudson said, looking between them.
“Yeah,” Greg replied with some humour, thumping him on the arm in mock sympathy and laughing, “instead the nightmares are now waiting for you in the
obvious. The rest we could get rid of?”
“Why should I sympathise with an idiot?” Sherlock huffed and turned his hard gaze on Greg, challenging the intimidating and warning look with an aloof, excessively uncaring, cutting one of his own. “You’re
expected,” Greg said in mirth, watching after Sherlock as he chose that moment to discourteously shuffle away through the kitchen, disappearing down the short corridor to his bedroom without even a glance back. “Can’t believe he waited for you to come back, all angry with how late it was, because he demands to get
, you are,” Sherlock complained, turning his head a little further to avoid eye contact, and then rested his head back on John’s shoulder. “It doesn’t “happen to everyone”…I…lost control of my bodily functions—You’re warm, and close and I’ve…not been…it’s not often that I…I’m unused to being so close to someone and…”
“Right,” Sherlock nodded, mind flurrying with the knowledge of the dog, the dog that knew his scent, the dog that John had chosen, had visited, the dog that was to be theirs. “Anything could go wrong, I suppose.”
been tempted?” He let out another laugh and gestured crudely. "Or a cheeky fondle in the toilets?"
Sherlock leaned closer to scan the text, skimming words with a growing ball of nervous anticipation, “I’ll sign. I trust you read everything,” he said, disconnecting from John’s wrist to pick up the nearby pen, not liking the cheap plastic digging into his fingers and the indentations of several sets of teeth warping the end. He gave the text another glance, reading a few things, absorbing what they were doing, what it all meant, and then signed with bated breath.
“To quote an old movie; tomorrow is another day,” Mrs Hudson said. John snorted and had to cover his mouth with his hand.
“Clever boy then,” Sherlock smiled wistfully as he thudded the pudding onto the middle of the plate with relative ease.
boy!"
“I can see you're close with him, yes,” Santa responded. “Your eyes light up when you talk about him... and... think about him.”
. Thank you so much. – What? Oh, yes. Yes, that’s right. Okay then. Thanks again. Merry Christmas!” With that he put the phone down with a satisfied sigh and headed into the living room. “Ten minutes.”
so...I’m...I’m good,” Sherlock stammered.
“I was...bored,” Sherlock exhaled with a shrug. “Plus, if I hadn’t, he wouldn’t have upped his security. Which he has, by the way. I checked.”
At John’s weak, light-hearted anecdote to break the tension, Sherlock slowly lifted his head again and looked at John with an arched eyebrow, and John stared awkwardly into his face. Sherlock’s eyes were dark, his pupils dilated, and his cheeks were dusted with a healthy pink blush that bloomed slowly down his neck. John tried not to stare and moved his hands from Sherlock’s waist to his bare knees.
John hummed, glancing down at her hand with a gaze Sherlock couldn’t read as he held the handle of the blue lead out to him. Once he’d taken it, John slipped his freed hand into Sherlock’s and smiled at them both, exuding a smug aura, “Well, we won’t keep you any longer,” he said. “Merry Christmas!”
her, I will make sure she poos on your chair,” Sherlock muttered petulantly, following the turkey as she walked around the living room, pecking at a few things. “She won’t be here for very long. Perhaps another hour or two. - You’re acting like she’s some rabid wolf that I've just dropped at your feet! She's a turkey!”
… and all that it…
“So you keep saying, yes,” Sherlock replied on a sigh, letting John’s fingers coax him back to exposing his palm. “What if you
! Don’t. Just… don’t… do
Greg shrugged nonchalantly, a hint of enjoyment shivering over his face, “John, take your fingers out of him--”
Somehow, Sherlock’s eyes got wider still in response and his hands fluttered to a stop, digging in like crushing talons as his body abruptly convulsed in tight, juddering waves. He choked on air, breathing quickly in, out, and then, quite surprisingly, moaned. Moaned long and loud with heat radiating off his cheeks and hips rutting forward. It petered out into a drawn-out, startled, overcome whimper and left Sherlock panting heavily in John’s grasp, against John’s face. He looked horrified, embarrassed, and the most confounded John had ever seen him. The silence that followed was deafening.
The fact they were still in Mrs Hudson’s kitchen had almost been lost to Sherlock and he flushed, gentling his grip on John to smooth the jumper back into place, “Um. Dessert is...almost done,” he told her with a croaking, ragged voice.
“Yeah. Thanks, John,” he said, gripping John’s fingers back in reply with a contented sigh.
“Lick and I lick.”
“They're not
Sherlock found his hand stretching out after him and quickly shoved it at his side with a flush, glancing down to adjust his sleeves as he followed, “Right, yes, wouldn’t want that…”
The taxi drove on without John having to say a word, and, after a few moments, John reached out to take his hand, “I had a dog once.”
! I’m sorry, John, I...I don’t...I…” he stammered in a rush, face hot and heart thumping so hard, so fast, that he could feel it in his neck, in his head, in the tips of his fingers. He couldn’t look at John, couldn’t bear to see the disgust on his face. “I...don’t know what came over me. Sorry.
“I deserve biscuits whether it’s Christmas or not, because
“Fine, whatever, we have
since you got home!” Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his arms up and spinning to go off and pace, like he tended to do when he was pouting, when he was making his way up to a full out tantrum, yet he instead span back around again and prodded a long finger into John’s chest. “Stop. Singing. I’ve had about all I can take!”
When he was able to tear his gaze away, he found Mrs Hudson broadly grinning, “
“I forgot to ask,” he said.
“Thanks.”
. Did you check your phone?
tonight and especially since I’m feeling sorry for myself,” Greg said with a cutting self-conscious chuckle. “But... there was talk of me staying and at least that’s something I know for a certainty I’ll take up. I
… I, therefore, wanted to try. Couldn't quite help myself...”
“What did you take? I don’t recall noticing anything missing nor covered in dog hair,” Sherlock said in curiosity.
“What can I say, you've reinvigorated me,” John murmured and let out a hard, rushing exhale as Sherlock kneaded his hips, his covered bottom, “I'll... I'll probably sleep like the dead afterwards though...”
He’d had days like it before. He was sure everyone had. Days where nothing went right, where everything was against you, where what could go wrong, did go wrong. Yet it had never gone on for as long as it currently had. It had never been this maddening. Even hearing Sherlock sniffle through a cold at one time had driven John to silently seethe until his ears had popped, his gaze had pulsed.
“Oh no, yours, I think.”
Distracted by his movements, it took a moment longer than normal for Sherlock to register John’s words, “And roses? - And date! Yes. No
The motions of John’s fingers were unexpectedly seductive, coupling exquisitely with the coy tone of his voice, “Kissing is already rather
A shadow. A stranger. A threat.
“I know, Mrs Hudson,” John said and dropped the fish back on the table, where it straightened out again.
“Do you… “ John’s question was rough and hungry, “Do you want me to touch you?”
John felt himself relax slightly, the tension disappearing from him in a stuttering wave, and he nodded, putting down another card, “I don't know how many we're on… I haven't been keeping count...”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock sighed, thrusting his plate in John’s direction with an eager smile. “Thank you, John.” John chuckled and placed the slices on it – and a little extra – before moving the cracker from his plate and setting his share on it. The duck still bore much of its meat, but that would be spared for later.
are a screamer.”
John was barely aware of Sherlock gripping himself, of using John's come to finish himself off, far too quickly for John to do more than wheeze out a laugh, "You... you're
“My clever detective,” John moaned in response, kissing every part of Sherlock's face he could reach. “My incredible, clever
. Things were bad for me, in the past, as you know
,” John admitted rapidly, not wanting to get into anything else and finding it better just to get the fact he was difficult to buy for out in the open. He gave a half shrug at Sherlock's replying fluttering blink of confusion. “Whether to buy you a gift or... well, or not. - I know it's late-ish, but I
...” he stammered, choking on a shocked and uncertain laugh, yet the emotion on his face, the reaction of his features, a reaction reflected in his widening pupils, contradicted the anxious façade. He looked at John, then Sherlock, then John again. “Me?
"I'm just describing the sausages," John said innocently.
“Because you’re surprised,” John said. “Because you’re… scared.”
“Merry Christmas!” John called from the sink but remained where he was. Probably to allow Mrs Hudson to reveal her secrets.
ask him,” he said. “And
John's nightmares only seemed to erupt into full sleep terrors when he was run down or exhausted, and true to form his brain filled itself with horrific visions of warzones and carnage. Of being under attack and the incredible fear that he couldn't control. Thrashing on the mattress, which was drenched with his own sweat and tears, he awoke with a roar, eyes blinking rapidly and adrenaline pumping.
Sherlock shot him an unconvinced look but gave a shadow of a smile in return, “I don’t know why you are so…
“I know,” John said, rubbing his back. “Why not think about where you want to take me on that date?”
“What would you like?” Sherlock questioned.
- kiss him.
"No."
have heard that.”
so far... and not everyone likes it or can have it so...”
sorry. I didn't mean to make you sad." He bestowed a kiss between Orion's ears and rested his cheek on top of his head.
There was a moment of deliberation, of John staring at Sherlock’s face, eyes, mouth, hands, before he stepped closer, leaned forward and pressed a soft and chaste kiss against Sherlock's parting lips, bringing his hand up to cup his cheek and hold him place. He kept his eyes open for a second or two, to see the blur of Sherlock’s own, to see them widen and flutter, and then he clenched his shut and indulged in the sweet scent of him, of the taste of his lips, the sensation of tingling goosebumps across every inch of his body as he held them both close. It was a simple thing. Their lips resting and bumping deilcately together, but it set John on fire.
