John nodded and leant forward to kiss him softly, carding a warm hand through Sherlock’s tousled hair as if to apologise once more. Pulling back just a moment later, very much to Sherlock’s disappointment and disapproval, John huffed a soft burst of laughter. “You’re sticky. Let me just pop into the bathroom."
The day of the party approached sooner than Sherlock preferred and he regretted his decision as soon as they arrived. When they entered the main party room, all the eyes were on them. He was sure they’d start gossiping any second.
“You d-didn’t …” Sherlock murmured, swallowing hard. “I know … I’ll be better.”
When they crossed the street, he was led to a quiet and deserted alleyway. “Bit risky, isn’t it?” Sherlock asked, feigning confidence.
When he thought of everything that had happened last night, the vomiting, the suppressed tears, the hug, the carrying, the leg compresses and the constant wiping and cooling Sherlock’s forehead and neck, he teared up.
“No–,” Sherlock began, but John interrupted him.
Someone lights the bonfire, and the crowd begins to cheer.
»It will be. I don’t know what it is,« Sherlock said calmly and raised his hands to apologise. »I really don’t, John.«
Lestrade was grinning at Sherlock from ear to ear. “Damn right.”
Another step. "I think … I think we really should talk. About this. Us."
“I bet you do,” John smiled a little. “Go ahead. I’ll wait. It’s no problem.”
“John,” he whispered. “Don’t make me go there again. Please.”
John buries his face in his hands. It's terribly hard to speak, but he has to get this off his chest. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," he whispers. His eyes sting, and the tears moisten his skin. "I wish this were easier, but it– damn it…" He swallows hard and takes a deep breath. "I can't forgive myself for that, and I know you can't forgive me either, and that's all right, that's–"
They kept attacking each other with more and more waves before John dove underwater. "That's unfair!" Sherlock called even though he knew John probably couldn't hear him.
Sherlock didn't know what to say; his entire chest threatened to explode with so many feelings. He was happy to be allowed to have this, to have John here with him, to actually
"Why are you so determined to set me up with somebody?" Sherlock asks. "With her, specifically."
John chuckled softly and looked down at the curly head. »How are you feeling?«
He turned his back to Mycroft and headed for the door, his hand already touching the handle when he heard his brother’s voice again.
leave you for someone else or ever leave you
“Sex isn’t everything to me, Sherlock,” John told him, his voice firm. “If you decide you don’t want to, not for now, or even
John shook his head in disbelief; his expression was open and warm. “That’s amazing.”
He felt her nod. “Good,” she paused for a moment. “I didn’t think he had, but I wanted to be certain.”
John's fingers ghosted over his waist and hips until they found the waistline of his trousers. He looked up at Sherlock to ascertain if he was all right with this. He was too far in the game to stop now. He wanted it; even though it made him nervous, thinking about the part to come.
“All this time,” John croaks out, “I wished that you were still out there, somewhere. Not beneath that terrible headstone that Mycroft chose for you. That is was all a mistake or a nightmare I could wake up from.” He squeezes Sherlock’s hands tightly, and Sherlock squeezes back. He’s still alive. He’s still got time.
Sherlock’s eyes had adjusted to the light now, enabling him to take in more details. John Watson, according to the shirt he was wearing;
He trailed his other hand over John's sides, feeling the goosebumps come to life beneath his fingertips, and let his fingers roam over John's back before he reached down to squeeze his arse. He had fantasised about this more than once before they got together and finally being able to do this was like a dream.
“Then I really must be in heaven,” John sighs, head sinking back into the pillow, the warmth pulling him back into the blissful darkness.
“This is all we get, yes. I know! Now shut up!”
Sherlock nods, brushing their noses together and pulling his knees up. John lubes himself up, lines up and pushes in, slowly, carefully, inch by inch. The sensation is amazing; it’s tight and hot and wet and phenomenal. He’s not even halfway inside Sherlock, but he has to stop to take inhale deeply, to give Sherlock a moment, too. The air seems to have lost all its oxygen. He’s breathing heavily.
Sherlock’s hands flew to the fly of his trousers, but John’s hands stopped him once more. “Let me,” he whispered against Sherlock’s lips, brushing gently against them as he spoke. “We’ve got lots of time.”
Sherlock nodded with a smile. He was still feeling slightly groggy, but sitting at home all day wasn’t going to change that either. Engaging in physical activity wasn’t going to do any harm, so he agreed to John’s plan.
Sherlock was walking around the shops again to have another look for a gift for John. He didn’t have anything in particular in mind, but he was sure if he saw it, the perfect present, he would know, and he would buy it immediately; the figure on the prize tag didn’t matter.
“He’s eight weeks old,” John told him, looking at the tiny ball of fur. “I tried to play with him as often as possible and I took him for little walks every now and then, so he could get to know me. That way he’d already know one of us once I took him home.”
»Yes, but it’s a different kind of nice. You’ve been cheerful and exhilarated and good-humoured for weeks.« It almost sounded like an accusation.
“I’ll show you disgusting,” Sherlock interjected and walked up close to him.
»It’s snowing!” John grinned. »We haven’t had snow in years.«
All he wanted to do was crawl into bed and sleep with John’s arms draped around his aching body. Needing to know, to feel everything was okay now, he wanted to fall asleep.
Sherlock scoffed at her repetition of his own words. “If you had any integrity at all, you’d give it back to me."
When he sat down, the cramp was almost gone, but Sherlock kept stretching his leg, his eyes squeezing shut when another wave shot through his calf before it vanished. "God, finally," he breathed and threw his head back.
It had started innocently. John smiles sadly at the memory. Innocent. Was anything about Sherlock innocent? Lots of things were. Others were not. He shakes his head, not wanting to dwell on it.
“Sherlock,” John said gently and touched his shoulder lightly to wake him up. “I’d like to take your temperature.”
»Yes, I do,« Sherlock whispered and his voice was heavy with so many emotions that welled up inside him and he felt as though he was about to burst with joy and adoration and love for the man whose lips seemed to be everywhere at once and whom he never wanted to let go again.
They drank their hot cocoa in comfortable silence. Nothing was left of the anger and the despair. Maybe this was the magic Christmas brought along?
Sighing, he reached for his tweezers and set to work.
They take a cab to Westminster station before they head down the tube. It's the first time his leg doesn't hurt when he walks quickly. Sherlock leads him to a locked maintenance entrance, opens the gate with a crowbar.
Sherlock felt himself nodding as his heart swelled. Maybe John didn’t find him so awkward and strange after all. He seemed to be genuinely interested in what he did. A rarity when it came to people in Sherlock’s close environment.
With care, he dared to take in a little more, moving his mouth down, his lips gliding smoothly over John’s hot flesh. Back up and further down again. John cursed under his breath, reaching for Sherlock’s hair and grabbing a handful of his curls lightly. It was something Sherlock wasn’t quite sure yet to what degree he liked this or not. He preferred to be in control when he did this, and—
He fell when the sensation was too much, when it was overwhelming him like a flood during a storm. He could hear his heartbeat, even feel it. Or was it John’s? He wasn’t sure, he was unable to find out because John moaned into his ear as he followed Sherlock down the cliff and right into the water where they found each other again, heaving and clinging to one another as though something threatened to tear them apart.
thought that involved my brother followed by a positive statement,« Sherlock sighed dramatically.
John had said he would have to go out again and as usual Sherlock let him go heavy-heartedly.
John laughed at that, startled when the kettle started whistling. “Just pick one.”
Sherlock’s fingers reach around the base, massaging it gently as he pushes the foreskin back with his lips and runs his tongue over his slit.
“Why didn’t you come to us when you started feeling like this?”
“I haven’t,” Sherlock admitted. “I know you have an older sister, Harry. And I know about her … drinking and girlfriend problems.”
John watches Sherlock search for more evidence the kidnapper may have left unintentionally. John has darkened the room as best as possible while Sherlock got his ultraviolet light to search for footprints, fibres, or other hints that have gone unnoticed so far.
»… And I actually thought you started to like it. You’ve never really bothered about buying presents in the previous years except for Mrs Hudson and me. So now that you–«
The puppy tried to jump onto Sherlock’s chest with his little front paws and Sherlock quickly cleaned his belly a little before he helped him up. A huge smile spread on his face.
John laughed at him and swept the sand off his sandy shirt. “Blanket for sure next time.”
John gets up from the cold, hard tile floor. Sherlock remains where he is. John's knees protest at the sudden stretch, but he doesn't care. He takes off the gloves and bins them. Then, he reaches for Sherlock's face, leans down and kisses him tenderly as if his fragile frame might break under his touch. He won't wrap him up in cotton wool because he knows Sherlock would hate him if he did, but he needs to show him that things will be different now. No more torture and no more pain. Just genuine affection and gentle words.
God, why hadn't this come to his mind before? How severely this affected John? How much it had already had an impact on his life? How his family had already taken the path of self-destruction?
_________________________________________________
Sherlock just shrugged and started walking. He shivered a little.
Suddenly it hit him. “Have you seriously asked for
To his surprise John wasn’t back yet. He must be enjoying himself a lot at the Christmas market, Sherlock thought and went to his bedroom, storing the bags away. He’d wrap up the items later. Since he didn’t have anything else to do, he went back to the experiment that had not been very successful and abandoned eventually. It would give him something to do until his flatmate’s return.
She looked at Sherlock and recognised him instantly. “Good to see you’re back on your feet,” she said, her German accent prominent.
And then the spotlights blinded him. Sherlock’s eyes fell closed. His heart rate couldn’t be healthy anymore.
“So what’s so bad about enjoying yourself, dancing to some good music?” she asked empathetically. “I thought you were relieved about John’s absence?”
John.
Sherlock wanted to scream. He wanted to sit down with John and demand clarification. He wanted to know what was going on. If he just wasn’t enough for John anymore, then so be it, but he had to know, he
Sherlock reaches for him and kisses him then and reminds him of the other part of their deal. So John tells him.
“Precisely, another reason to avoid going anywhere near the
John huffs a silent laugh. “God, everything,” he says. “If I could undo what I did to you, I would do it this instant.”
»I want to touch you,« Sherlock gasped out. »Please, will you let me?«
“Why is this relevant?” Sherlock asked him, nearly pleading to be spared to answer his question.
Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Why was he like this? He was whimpering by now, not even realising he was this aroused.
, Sherlock’s words echo in his head.
“There’s nowhere else it could be," Sherlock tells him and then brings his hand to his face, retreating into his mind palace remarkably quickly. He must have practised that. He used to take some time before he was fully immersed. Suddenly, his eyes snap open, and he exclaims, "Oh!" before he jumps down onto the tracks.
He smiled when he remembered the way John grinned when he said he'd accompany him on his way home. He was simply charming, and most importantly not boring or predictable, at least not in most respects.
“Don’t. Just, don’t. I should’ve listened to your friends when they said sex was all you’re after. Now that you’ve had it, I serve no purpose anymore. I thought you were different. Looks as if I was wrong.“ He buttoned up his shirt up to his neck, damning his fingers because they wouldn’t stop trembling.
“She had no pulse, for God’s sake!”
“I appreciate that, really. I do.”
“I’d love to,” Sherlock answered, finally finding his voice. “But I’d like to do something else first.”
Thank you so much for reading! Your feedback is very much appreciated as always! :)
Sherlock let out a sharp breath. It was hard enough to will away his budding erection in the pool when John had the chance of catching sight of it. He was entirely certain he couldn't ignore it now.
“What are human remains, Papa?” Rosie wanted to know.
“God, I need a drink. And you look like you could do with another one, too,” John announced and raised his hand to show the barkeeper he’d like to order two shots of whiskey. “This round’s on me.”
“What’s your suggestion?” John asked with a grin, using the strength he had saved up for the final metres. “Oh no, let me know when you get there.” With that, he overtook him and headed towards the first buoy.
since your granddad died. I haven’t seen you in a long time, but I know that somewhere in there,” she rested her hand on his chest, “there’s still my little boy, who loves to go on adventures and explore his surroundings and whose cleverness and amiability many people neither appreciated nor discovered at all, and if they did, they were certainly jealous of your talents and had to show you that in the worst way possible.”
“Why would I be worried?” Sherlock asked quietly, their eyes locking.
. John never thought he would live to see that day.
»Yes, absolutely,« John chuckled and grabbed his arm. »Let’s go in, this will be fun!«
“There’s absolutely no need to thank me, Sherlock. Of course I understand.”
It’s almost unbelievable.
“We could also decorate the living room with human remains. How is th–” Sherlock suggested but was cut off by John immediately.
»Even when you came back, it wasn’t enough for me. I was aware everything would be different, but I didn’t expect it to be so … painful to even talk to you when I knew there was someone else in my life who kept me from you; that there was someone who hurt you on purpose; who almost
“I don’t need a babysitter.”
He could only hope for it to pass eventually, so he would be able to spend time with John again without feeling as lost as he did. He used to be blithe and carefree, just taking every day as it came, until something indescribable happened and he began to find himself sexually attracted to John. Sometimes, he wished he could turn back the clock and reverse everything that took place since then, the event itself included. It made his life incredibly complicated and, judging from Mike's advice, he got worse and worse at hiding it, too.
________________________________________
It reminds John of all the dreams that featured this sort of setting. "Access denied. Now eat your dinner." With that, he gets up from his chair and flees from Sherlock's adventurous hands.
Like their embrace.
Sherlock fell. He fell into darkness and numbness and he had never felt so good and terrible at the same time. He was breathing heavily as his brain released endorphins. It overwhelmed and absolutely devastated him.
John snorts and picks up the scotch glass. "That's rare, coming from you." The words are biting, and he doesn't mean them, but he's so angry. Angry at the wrong person. Angry for the wrong reasons.
“What about your friends?”
“I didn’t even notice back then until Mike told me to finally stop staring and just chat with him,” John laughed quietly. “I must have been too obvious ‘cause at some point, he came up to me, asking if I’d be his partner for a group project in one class. The way he smiled at you, you just– You couldn’t resist that smile,” he said, a little infatuated still.
John grinned from ear to ear. “You didn’t honestly join the yoga group of middle-aged ladies and enjoyed yourself.”
"Yes," Sherlock replies simply. Yes, and nothing more.
lower,
“Tell me. Did I?”
John shrugged and looked at him with apologetic eyes. »Well,
“I can take you home later when you feel a bit better.”
Sherlock wanted to believe her desperately, and yet nobody appreciated his deductive talents with which he'd already astonished everyone in primary school. He knew they were jealous and scared at the same time. Jealous because they couldn’t think and make deductions as logically and quickly as he could and scared because they never knew which of their little secrets Sherlock would expose next. They avoided him, and he avoided them as soon as he had realised they didn't want to have him around. It hurt to be rejected this way just because he was cleverer than them, but he would always have someone who would be there for him and comfort him because Redbeard would never be as cruel and mean as them.
Now that he was with John though, they would no longer be. He was aware that this shouldn’t bother him, but it did. He didn’t want to admit that they were right about him. It’s why he clung to this label for so long.
“God, Sherlock …” John said, drawing in a sharp breath.
“Oh yeah. Teaching teens in their puberty while they’re the most charming. I knew I made a mistake!”
"Get these off," he gasped, already reaching between their bodies to shove them down. John, however, met Sherlock for a lingering, heated kiss, slotting their bodies together, rubbing, grinding. Both of them moaned in unison, pulling apart for the briefest of moments, breathing in each other's air. "Not yet," he whispered.
Sherlock’s head was buried in one of the books lying in front of the table in front of him when she broached the subject for the n
“I want you to choose, John.”
“Oh, Sherlock. I’m sure this isn’t true.”
it when I saw Janine coming out of your bedroom, wearing your
He thought of something for his parents first. They didn’t really care about what Sherlock gave them. They’d love it anyway, no matter what it was because it was from their son. His mother loved chocolate, his dad even more so. He remembered he always bought so much chocolate for Christmas and decorated “Christmas plates”, as he called them, with pralines, bonbons, sweets and probably more treats than any human being could eat.
“How does it feel?” John asks.
He budged up a bit to look down between their bodies and then closed his fist around John, causing him to gasp against his skin. "Fuck, Sherlock, hmm," he cursed when Sherlock started to move his hand, holding him the way he always liked it when he got himself off, which was, by all means, not very often, but he hoped John's reactions would tell him how to alter his technique to make it more pleasurable for him. John's movements faltered a little when Sherlock gave him the friction he so desperately needed, so Sherlock picked up the pace a little, feeling the pleasure build in his own chest. He was panting already and he knew it wasn't going to be long before the wave of his orgasm would come crashing over him, so he increased his efforts to bring John close, too. He wanted to feel him, what it was like to make him come with his hand, the sounds he would make, the way he looked when his orgasm overtook him. He wanted to catalogue the way his breathing changed and picked up, the amount of time he took to catch his breath, the change of tone when he moaned Sherlock's name the closer he got.
He cups him through the fabric and massages lightly.
John’s late return, the unsuccessful experiment and the hot cocoa were all the components Sherlock needed to fall asleep almost immediately once he’d closed his eyes. John’s bed was quite comfortable. It wasn’t as big as his own, but the mattress was soft and the pillows smelled of John and he felt so safe in the soldier’s presence.
Sherlock whimpered in relief when he felt the warmth of the bottle on his belly. “John …” he breathed as his friend pulled the duvet up to Sherlock’s chin and wrapped another blanket around him afterwards. He looked at him and his eyes were so soft Sherlock got lost in them. “…nk you.”
»Well then, tell me what to get the person that means the world to me and I could never bear to lose anymore because I love him so dearly neither words nor actions could ever express how much I care about him for Christmas.«
His own erection was throbbing now, begging for attention, but Sherlock wanted none of it, entirely concentrating on John. He sat down in his lap and let his hand trail down to his belly button and further as his lips found his neck and he started sucking lightly on the soft skin.
John looked up at him – his pupils blown wide, his cheeks rosy, his hair ruffled – and apologised immediately. "I know, I'm sorry. I didn't want to progress this far this quickly. We can stop, it's no problem." He rolled off of him and brought a bit of space between them. Not too much, just a bit of space to breathe, to regain control.
“Sherlock…” John took a deep breath to object. “We have to. She has to keep an eye on it in case it’s something serious.”
The water is climbing higher. He is going to drown. He is going to bleed out. He is going to die!
“Fuck you!” he screamed and somehow scrambled to his feet, trying to knock Sherlock over once more. This time, Sherlock timed his counterstrike better and aimed for the guy’s unprotected nose. Sherlock’s knuckles hit him hard. He actually hated violence, but it was so satisfying to hear the sound of bone on cartilage.
It turns out whoever took Rosie away broke into the house right next to Speedy’s Café, walked over the roof and broke into Rosie’s room’s window.
“No,” was Sherlock’s blunt answer. “But then I don’t think much of love either.”
“Daddy, Papa! We have to get ready. Megan will be here in 15 minutes!” Rosie called from the kitchen.
John’s mouth came hazardously close to his erection, jutting out from his body. His nose was buried in his neatly trimmed pubic hair – he had taken care of that earlier, just to be certain and to leave nothing undone – breathing him in and letting out a sound that aroused Sherlock even more. When he looked up at him, it felt almost obscene. “Is this okay?” he asked.
John can't suppress a quiet hum. He folds his arms around Sherlock's middle until his hands come to rest on his back. This time, he dares to take another step. He parts his lips just a little wider to let his tongue sneak out, asking for permission to be let in. It takes Sherlock by surprise, and it's about three seconds before he responds and meets his tongue. He tastes like tea and sugar and home.
John smiles so wide that it almost hurts. “You’re right.”
“Figuring out that you do, in fact, have a huge crush on that guy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It turned out John was not the best dancer. He wasn't appalling, though, which was a relief and the fact that he was touching him during various stages made up for it. To be fair, this was something he had not seen coming. After the hushed warning spoken in a moment of intimate togetherness on the beach that first time, it had been one of the biggest surprises to have John walk through the town with him with joint hands, let alone kiss him in public, so when John suddenly pulled him closer by the hips during a blues, he sobered within a second.
of the entire dough?« John chuckled. »Jesus, you’re going to feel terrible later!«
Now, however, he had a different reason to truly “celebrate” Halloween, and that reason had come up to him about four days ago, jumping up and down while tugging on his dressing-gown, “Daddy, Daddy, everyone is so excited about Halloweennnnnn.” She dragged out the word to show her enthusiasm about what apparently her friends and her teachers at pre-school seemed to have told her about. “They’ve decorated everything with spiders ‘n’ pumpkins ‘n’ twats!”
“Yeah, I figured,” he murmured with a sneer. “Just get on with it, then.”
“No, you’re just being a whinger.”
“Boys! Dinner is ready!”
He doesn't want to make this choice. Even the fact that he has been given a choice like this is ridiculous. Never would he thought he'd have to face someone like Eurus, having to decide between his lover's or his daughter's fate. He has been through so much ridiculous shit in his life, granted, but nothing as bad as this.
»Can we watch a film, please?« she asked excitedly.
»Great. Can we move your Bunsen burner, the Erlenmeyer flasks, test tubes and all the chemical substances that could etch our skin away to the living room then, please?«
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock answered, his lips curling upward.
“Why did you think you have to do all of this alone?”
Sherlock looked at the hand offered to him and then into John’s eyes. He hadn’t expected John would want to dance with him here, at all even, in front of everyone.
“Entschuldigung!” he said again and again in broken German.
»We’ll have some mulled wine, that’s gonna warm you up.«
When Sherlock opened his mouth to say no, John already interrupted. “Oh no, I won’t sit here and swallow up your money.”
It was ridiculous. One has no control over his dreams. It was not like he could make any conscious decisions when he was dreaming. But he had nodded and so it continued.
John snorted disbelievingly, “You know what I mean.”
Sherlock budged over and sought a comfortable position in John's arms. This wasn't what John wanted, he was sure of it. He had expected they would go further tonight after having roamed their fingertips over almost every inch of clothed skin last night and the night before that. He evidently wanted to get things moving. And like the pathetic little thing he was, he fucked it up again.
“Well, good,” Sherlock told him and kissed his cheek before pulling away, making it easier for him as always. “Now, let’s get ready for trick or treats.”
“I’ll think about it. But if you do this again, I’m definitely going to kill you,” he answers.
Sherlock loved him.
»Not everyone hates you,« John countered. »Greg and Molly don’t and neither do I.«
I hope you like this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it!
Sherlock somehow managed to get out of the t-shirt without having to sit up and embarrass himself even further by showing John his inability to even lift his arms without letting out a pained sound.
John closes his eyes. That was the Sherlock in his mind. Not the real one. Who knows what the real Sherlock wants. He said he considered himself married to his work that first night at Angelo’s. Has that changed?
He draws back, pulling out almost completely. Sherlock’s nails rake across his back, certainly leaving marks, but John can’t even bother to care because this is the most intense sensation he has ever felt. “God, Sherlock, you’re …” he begins when he pushes back in. “Ahh … you’re amazing. You … feel amazing …”
“I can’t believe we were so stupid,” John gasped when Sherlock’s fingers clandestinely slipped beneath his shirt, pulling the hem out of his trousers, feeling the naked, warm, perfect skin that he had fantasised about in bed and in the shower.
»You’re impossible.«
John didn’t let him go, though. “Hey,” he said tenderly. “I didn’t mean to upset you. I’m sorry."
John pulls back. “We’re not dying.”
Sherlock reached for John’s hand as they walked along the beach and further up back to the haven where the people were still celebrating the annual festival with blasting music and more drunk people as the minutes ticked by. “You don’t wanna stay for a little longer?”
“No …” Sherlock’s voice was weaker than before. “We’ll solve the case, John. I told you, … I promised you.”
John laughed heartily. “No need to stammer. I wasn’t trying to imply anything here,” he said reassuringly. “I barely got to talk to you after the experiment in class.”
“Sherlock …”
»More than all right,« Sherlock whispered. John wanting to please him and make him feel good was a little overwhelming.
John’s eyes widened in shock. “
A guttural sound broke loose inside Sherlock’s chest. He was aching, seeking friction. He wound his legs around the small of John’s back, pulling him closer until John repeated the same motion, grinding his length against him.
He’d often dreamt of this kind of thing. John being as far away as possible and not intending to come back. Sherlock disappointing John and John leaving without ever planning to return. John leaving him because he needed someone normal in his life, which was something Sherlock would never be able to give him. John dying in Sherlock’s arms on a case because he’s been ruthless and stupid again and hadn’t contemplated all the possibilities and now John was the one who had to suffer from the consequences.
Sherlock hugging him is a feeling John doesn't want to miss anymore. He's had a hug once, now the second time, and as he sobs into Sherlock's chest, he realises that this man might just need a hug as much as he does.
He didn’t know why, but apart from feeling excluded from their conversation most of the time, an oppressive weight seemed to lie heavily on his shoulders and his insides twisted when he recalled Greg’s comments from earlier.
They both chuckled heartily and John reached for the hot chocolates, handing one to Sherlock. Both of them took a sip, when the front door opened and the older Holmes brother stepped inside. »Dear Lord, the weather is dreadful,« he said as he hung up his coat in the hall.
“A long time,” Sherlock finally says.
Merely
“That’s up to your interpretation.”
John looks up at Sherlock, terrified, relieved, angry.
Maybe Christmas wasn’t as bad as he always deemed. It was about the family being together, being with loved ones and enjoying few days of peace with the people who cared about each other. Perhaps it was just because he knew he wasn’t going to be alone this year; because John was here and his parents even Mycroft he would still tease and bicker with, but always with the feeling of the brotherly bond that still lay between them, always underneath the surface, only visible to the both of them; even if it was just because he was still happy with what he gained this year during Christmas time, it was still worth it.
"And the letter... well, let's, let's just not talk about that anymore. It's over and done with."
. I thought I was a terrible father–“
For a moment, neither of them said anything. Sherlock couldn’t stop returning John’s gaze. Those eyes pierced into his own and he didn’t do anything to stop it. It was more intimate than anything he had ever experienced.
His skin tingled so badly he wanted to scream. It was as if his entire body was covered in ants which wouldn’t stop tormenting him. They kept scuttling over his arms up to his chest and his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
It didn’t work.
Of course he had given his choice of gift a lot of thought in the previous years, but … if he reconsidered it, they had all been rubbish. It had been merely practical things, nothing special, nothing extraordinary, nothing outstanding even though it should have been.
“Will get worse,” Sherlock croaked and buried his face in the pillow.
When they got back to the others, Greg could not contain his giddiness. “MY BOYS! I have just witnessed the most mawkish moment between you two––”
»What are we waiting for then?« John smiled warmly at her. He started the film and they got comfortable on the sofa with another hot cocoa for the little girl and a cup of tea for himself.
John punched his shoulder lightly. “Fine, I had a little help.”
John rose to his tiptoes, slowed his dance moves but didn’t stop them, and pressed partly open-mouthed kisses to Sherlock’s lips, conjuring a wide smile to them instantly.
“Serbian prison. He sneaked in to get me out. Couldn’t help but enjoy the show as they kept venting their spleen on me, though.” He shrugs, pretends it is nothing. John’s heart skips more than just one beat.
»No turkey for the two of you if you don’t stop bickering!« their mother proclaimed firmly.
Sherlock looked down at the pages John had been reading. "Thank you," he murmured. His heart fluttered at John's compliments and another smile formed on his lips.
I know I'm terribly late, but I was so busy in the last few weeks and I wanted to put the effort it deserved into it. I hope you still read along and this chapter didn't disappoint you.
There was no point in trying to talk his way out of this, brush it off and get on with whatever they were about to do. "What am I now, then?" he asked, looking up at John whose hands wandered back up, over his back to his shoulders, to his face.
Bracing himself for reprimanding words, he lifts his head and tries to hold his gaze, but all Sherlock tells him is, “You had better get some rest, too.”
When John pulled back, he pulled Sherlock closer, into an embrace, burying his face in the crook of his neck.
“We’ve got less than a minute to live. You could attempt to be considerate,” John tells him. He doesn’t have Sherlock’s control.
Let me know what you think in the comments. I’d love to know what you think!
John grabs his coat immediately while Sherlock heads for the desk's drawer to fetch John's gun. Sherlock nods towards the door then, indicating there is no time to lose and they should get going, but all John sees is Sherlock telling him it is going to be okay. They are going to bring Rosie home safely, and it will be all right. They will be all right.
Yes, I know. It's been an age. I actually intended to finish this fic last summer, but whenever I plan to do something, something else gets in the way. This time it was a very addictive show that got me hooked and left me with no inspiration to write at all. And on top of it, my laptop said goodbye to me last week, and some parts that I had already written for this chapter got lost. I'll try to update more regularly in the future but I can't make any promises because uni started again and exams are coming up soon. The one thing I do promise, though, is that I definitely won't abandon this fic no matter how long you'll have to wait in between updates because I love it far too much to give it up. Thank you for your lovely comments and your support. They really keep me going and I hope you'll keep enjoying the fic as much as I do. Thank you for sticking around. You are the best <3
“Ow! That was my foot!” Sherlock exclaimed, losing his rhythm for a moment, while John apologised laughing.
He has expected things to become awkward once he'd be back in their flat, but somehow it isn't. Sherlock has already been waiting for him. Like the version of him in the back of John's head had predicted.
“You’re welcome, sweetheart.”
Sherlock already expects the worst, waiting for the explosion to set off, but nothing of the sort happens. Instead, the buzzing quietens down, the rattling slowly comes to a halt. He dares to take a deep breath. The machine stays silent and still. John has found the off-switch.
“More than enough. I admit that the shower is the least of my worries compared to what they might do to the rest of the house in their state that will surely only get worse in the course of the night.”
“I didn’t say you did. Just want you to get home safely,” John said mildly.
Until next time!
»I think your façade cracked a long time ago, love,« John told him quietly and leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s hair. »You enjoyed Christmas time far too much to actually hate it.«
“I’m surprised it wasn’t your proposal,” Mike chuckled, “since you seemed so eager this afternoon.”
He scoffed sadly. His eyes hurt when he blinked, too swollen from crying.
When Sherlock looked back, he had to admit he didn’t recall how they ended up in bed because all he could focus on was John. Nothing else. No one else.
because this was his home. Sherlock was his home. “Unspeakable things.”
They lay together in comfortable silence while John played with Sherlock’s curls. The crackling fire next to them calmed and warmed them through. John closed his eyes after a while and didn’t realise Mrs Holmes had come in to bring them two steaming mugs of hot chocolate. When she saw them, she hurried to take a photo of the pair without them noticing. She was sure John wouldn’t mind, but Sherlock hated being in photographs ever since he was a kid.
“Stop.”
“You say that as if I didn’t put you through hell.”
»But how did she manage to change into her grey dress and climb that tree, up to the very top of it, in less than ten seconds?« Sherlock asked him. »She’s a girl.«
“God, you’re going to kill me, aren’t you…” John gasped, letting his head fall back against the pillow.
"I won't help you through this again."
Sherlock swallowed, regretting every word he said. “No,” he told him immediately. “This is more than fine. It’s just – not exactly my area.”
“Let me see you,” John breathed against the fabric. “Please, …”
“Sherlock!”
“Sherlock, are you awake?” asked a soft and quiet and gentle voice.
Eventually, John’s mouth found Sherlock’s skin, nipping sweetly at his bottom lip. Sherlock’s lips pressed against John’s, brushing against one another in a slow and tender custom that was all too familiar.
“As if you would leave a club full of girls who are half drunk and would die to get into bed with you,” Sherlock snorted and shook his head to emphasise his position. “You can go. But you surely don’t need me for that.”
"I– don't know how–," he stopped, swallowing to gain time to figure out what to say without sounding like a lost child. But John immediately seemed to know what he wanted to say, raising his hand to his jaw to make him look up again.
“Me?” Sherlock looks exasperated.
Finally, John came back after what felt like an eternity and handed him the hot water bottle. He held it close to his chest, embracing the warmth he thought he would never feel again.
“Mycroft’s minions watch her closely. Don’t you worry about a thing. We'll step in should she become a threat."
"No, I bloody haven't!" John yells, clasping a hand over his mouth in shock after the words have come out. "I'm sorry. I just…" He trails off, not knowing what to say. "I've had enough of about almost everything else."
His mouth felt so full already, but he didn’t want to choke on him – he had heard enough stories from his former classmates and the unsettling and frankly precarious-sounding practices that they imposed on their girlfriends – so he made up for the rest of the length with his hand. He started moving his head up and down, remembering the way John did this for him.
Mrs Hudson sighed. »Could you try to vent the heaters, please? I’ll call an engineer if they’re still defective then,« she asked John.
Sherlock’s face looks troubled, as is always does when something is bothering him.
»Fine,« he sighed.
»Well, why doesn’t the best serviette folder all over London help me out a bit, then?« John teased him.
Sherlock’s eyes don’t leave his for a long moment, but he gives in. “All right,” he answers, “but only if you calm down. All this agitation isn’t good for you.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure if this was heaven or hell. Possibly both at once. It was too much, so many sensations that he had never felt before were crashing over him, flooding his brain, switching it off, but it was not enough at the same time.
Sherlock jumped a little when a strong arm was wrapped around his waist and a warm hand came to rest on his belly. He was still in John’s bed. He could feel John’s breath against his neck. Sherlock closed his eyes. Maybe, he dared to hope, just maybe this Christmas was going to be nicer than in all those previous years.
The wall looked grey instead of white; grey like the sky looked today. He felt as though the walls were closing in on him, pressing against him and squeezing him out like a lemon.
Sherlock turned his head to his side and saw a young man who was about his height, dressed in dark jeans and a leather jacket. “Pardon?”
“A bath might help, too, if you’re in pain,” John told him.
The days passed and the next month approached with big steps. July; one of the best months the year had to offer. As if Sherlock didn’t feel hot enough all the time already.
“I should grab a flannel.”
“Nonsense,” John interrupted cheerfully and pulled Sherlock to his feet. “Come on.”
John looks at Mary, seeking confirmation whether she can see him too. Why doesn't she understand his desperation?
“Is this your cologne?” she asked and regarded the little flacon suspiciously, spraying once and smelling. “Hmm, nice one.”
“A simple thank you would do, you know?” John laughed before heading down the main road. “
Sherlock watched the little drops rolling down on the glass, chasing each other, touching and becoming bigger drops. It was oddly calming. He closed his eyes after a little while and pulled his knees up to his chest, burrowing the tip of his nose under the duvet.
“I would appreciate it if you left this instant,
better, oh god, ohgodohgod …
Sherlock's sofa. Sherlock stands on the couch, looking at the wall, which is cluttered in photographs and notes. The two don't seem to mind. Sherlock is as surprised as he must be, and ushers them out immediately, looking almost … embarrassed? The woman reminds him that they are here till Saturday. Maybe it's case. Perhaps she needs it solved by then.
“Irene–“
Sherlock clears his throat, taking a big gulp of his tea, coughing due to the heat. "It is," he croaks, "but I cannot decide between the ideas I have for the name.”
“No, believe me,” John smiled genuinely and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips once more. He believed it.
»How long will you be away?« Sherlock asked the next morning just before John left for work.
Gripping the sheets, he tried not to buck his hips as Sherlock’s tongue rubbed against the underside of his boner.
John pulled back an inch, their noses brushing against each other. “Morning breath.”
“Then how do you know?”
It was as though he was walking on clouds, swaying like a feather in the wind.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispers. “We’re safe.”
Careful fingertips found their way into Sherlock's still damp hair, massaging and scratching his scalp lightly. Suddenly, Sherlock didn't know if he was falling down or up anymore because this was heaven. It felt like being in paradise.
Always.
The fragile, crumbled organ hidden behind his ribs was in his mouth, pounding pa-pang, pa-pang, pa-pang, pa-pang. Like firing guns in the dead of night, ripping through the silence that engulfed and cocooned the darkness. His throat felt tight, and no matter how hard and how often he swallowed, the lump wouldn’t dissolve.
This was what John wanted. He wanted Sherlock.
“I’d rather be sure. You kept rubbing the back of your head all afternoon and yet you insisted you were okay.”
He hadn’t seen him recover from the pain that he clearly must be feeling. He was limping slightly and holding himself in a way that couldn’t be pleasant.
; it was so much more than Sherlock ever imagined being able to experience one day. It was overwhelming, astonishing and most of all utterly breathtaking, literally. John may have been trying to calm him down, but in fact it had been very counterproductive. Sherlock was still breathing laboriously, but less because of that dream and more thanks to the delicate touches.
a heart attack, John!”
“Oh, I wanted to,” John answers, leaning close to Sherlock’s face. “Most of the time, actually.”
His breath trembled when he exhaled, but he forced himself to look at John. When he did, he regretted it instantly. He looked like a wounded dog, taking in the collateral damage that had been done, aching all over, but still fighting.
Wondering if this Christmas would actually be happy and enjoying the steady hand on his back, he was pulled back to sleep.
he thought, shaking his head at John Watson’s ability to make him laugh about the most ridiculous things.
“I can’t … I can’t do it, John. I don’t know how,” he breathes. His eyes are full of tears now. The last time he has heard him sound like that he was standing on a rooftop, about to go to his death. He sits up. “Forgive me.”
Sherlock had never heard John sing before and the detective appreciated this moment deeply; he cherished every second of it; every note, every quiet word that left John’s lips with the lovely tune.
“From amateur to expert in seconds. I should congratulate myself,” the medical student snorted, but his smile didn’t leave his lips.
“The Science of Deduction,” John marvelled. “It’s amazing, really. I mean, I’ve seen what you can do, how you just
»Why did you take two mugs up here then? Don’t you want to stay?« John asked softly. Why did he have to be so gentle with him? Wasn’t he upset anymore?
It's a game of giving and taking they play; with one of them always urging the kiss on, not wanting it to stop; the other soft and pliant. Their hearts beat fast but both in sync; their breathing comes hard and panting.
He didn't know what happened, what mountains he would have to move, which seas he would have to empty, and which devils he would have to sell his soul to be in favour of the mighty force that propelled John to get up and offer him his hand to dance with him. But this was the reality. This was truly, utterly happening.
He watched John walk down the street until he disappeared in the crowd of people. Right then, what could he get Mycroft? He hadn’t given him a present ever since he was a child and neither had he got anything from his brother. He was well aware Mycroft would probably be suspicious; he’d think Sherlock only needed a special favour and that was the only reason why he’d buy him a gift.
“Don’t stay here for too long.” Mike downed his drink before Sherlock did and then got up from his bar stool, laying a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezing it once. “And spare your feelings.”
He saw John was about to answer him, he had already opened his mouth to speak and if it weren’t for Mary’s hand on his knee, he would have shouted at him for at least five minutes.
“How about you show me?” John gasped when he pressed his crotch against Sherlock’s.
“Thanks for the kind words. I know I look like utter shit.”
Sherlock buried his face in the cushion just under his head.
Sherlock’s hand rests on the back of his head, just a steady weight holding him where he’s standing. His other hand presses against his spine. It only takes another moment before John’s dam of emotions starts to crumble further and break entirely.
Sherlock reached for his book and set it down on his sandals while he shook out the blanket on which he had lain.
“But we need an orange pumpkin…” Rosie said desperately.
John sighed and shook his head with a very small smile. “You really don’t get it, do you?”
»Those idiots always let you work with them,«
When Sherlock speaks, his voice is hushed. "You went through a lot in the past few weeks–"
John pulled him closer so their chests were touching just like they did earlier when they danced, but now John’s head wasn’t resting on his shoulder. Now John Watson was kissing him and it felt even more amazing and intimidating at the same time than he’d expected.
Sherlock wouldn’t have noticed if it weren’t for John’s excitement. »Sherlock, look!«
“Sure, why not? That way, you can practise setting,” John suggested, waiting for Sherlock to chuck the ball.
“No, honestly Sherlock. I would truly love to hear some stories. It’s just really loud here, so maybe we’ll postpone it to a quiet lunch break sometime soon?” John offered with a heartfelt smile.
“Regard it as a gift.”
»Do you feel like eating anything?«
“Isn’t there?” was all John had to say. It came out like a hushed whisper.
»No need to be embarrassed, love,« his mother said. »Christmas is the time you’re supposed to spend with loved ones. »Isn’t that right, dear?« she asked her husband who had just entered the corridor and stepped towards her.
That was when he spotted it. John was dancing with a young lady, about his age, with dark and wavy shoulder-length hair. He was leaning close to her ear, apparently telling her something, and she started laughing when he pulled back. Sherlock knew that feeling. He couldn’t help but chuckle at a lot of things John said either. She rested her hand on John’s shoulder to hold on to something as the giggles kept coming. He wished he was allowed to do this, too.
Although he was not exactly delighted over the family reunion for Christmas, mostly due to Mycroft’s presence, it would serve the purpose of taking his mind off the entire matter. He wouldn’t be confronted with John’s terribly handsome smile every day, wouldn’t have to face him and grin awkwardly, wouldn’t have to admire him furtively from a not-too-far-away table in the refectory and
It’s all or nothing now.
Now it was John’s turn to be surprised. “Without lube?”
“What’s so hard about it? It clearly wasn’t difficult going out without ever seeing the need to let me know where you’re heading or what for or when you’d be back!”
“Fine, you try it then. It’s harder than it looks.”
"You're bloody amazing," he whispers into the quiet room that is only filled with the sounds of their ragged inhales.
“I mean it. This isn’t …”
"Then why did you want to stop?" John asked. God, he was still wearing his boxer briefs, and they were much too tight.
He couldn’t help but giggle.
A small smile appeared on Sherlock’s face. “It’s good he didn’t notice what happened, then.”
Sherlock hunched his shoulders – a defence mechanism. "It's fine," he mumbled into the fresh breeze of the wind.
Sherlock lowers the newspaper he has been reading. “And?”
John approaches him slowly, observing his reactions carefully as not to make the situation any worse than it is.
»These times were pretty rough for Harry and me. I suffered from nightmares that simply wouldn’t stop. My mother came to my room every night and sat by my bed, trying to soothe me. That’s when she sang this song to me for the first time. I’d known it before of course, but it had a completely different meaning then; at least to me. It promised me peace and gave me a feeling of security. She sang it to me every time I woke up from a bad dream around Christmas time. It gave me hope for this horror to stop.
Sherlock ignored the comment as he headed to the doorway and stopped there, getting an overview of the main hall where everyone was dancing and chatting and probably having the time of their life.
“No, I truly didn’t,” Sherlock answers, as if in thought, but John shakes his head.
"Yes, I saw how well you were handling it," John chuckled and reached for the blanket. "That may be true, but he still had plenty of brawn. He could've knocked you out in no second."
“Full of surprises, this one!” Greg answered, who had come up to their stall and overheard the last bit of their conversation. “We’re over there,” he said and gestured towards one of the wooden benches closer to the stage. “In case you’d like to join us.”
“You mean bats, love,” John told her, speaking over his shoulder while he prepared dinner.
when the woman calls after him.
Does he really know what it entails? He has been taking care of her while John was in hospital, but raising a child isn't something one dabbles in. It's more than changing nappies and getting up in the middle of the night. More than feeding and bathing, holding and cuddling. One has to devote one's life to raising a child, and Sherlock's lifestyle and job aren’t the best prerequisites. But then, neither are his own.
“You only need to go to bed, not to the Oscar’s ceremony,” John attempts to make a joke.
Sherlock smiled and pressed a kiss to John’s temple. »Anytime. Whenever you like.«
He opens his eyes.
“He does have a point, though,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock craned his neck to give John better access. The tingling sensation felt oddly addicting, and he wanted John to keep going.
He’s not good at this. Not in the slightest.
“Jooohnnn …” Sherlock draws out his name. He’s on the edge, just a few steps away, a few strokes, a few thrusts until he’ll fall.
“Top drawer.” Sherlock gasped when John leant forward to retrieve it.
I was right about girls taking to you."
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but thought better of it. What good would it do to inform John of his feeling uncomfortable amongst the mass of people around him, the uncountable pairs of eyes who judged and stared appraisingly? About the noises inside his head that never shut up anyway and loud music that did nothing to soothe his thoughts? About the fact that he had dreaded running into John himself because he has had a crush on him for longer than he would like to admit to himself?
“It’s not.”
»Watch what again?« John’s turned his head to look at the man he hadn’t heard come up the stairs.
“Will you stop mocking me and be of actual help? If not, I’ll order you to go this instant and make you pay for the cab ride to the station.”
“I’d rather I didn’t."
Sherlock turned his head to look back at his older brother. »Thank you,« he said softly, unable to hide his smile now.
"I watched you all play for a while yesterday. Mostly I was reading, but I also overheard bits of your conversation. You mentioned you were glad you came along after all, which indicates you weren't actually planning on coming here, meaning something or someone would've kept you at home and said thing or person is out of the picture now," Sherlock explained. "At some point, you rather forcefully proclaimed that ‘she can fuck right off' to quote your exact words. If she had left you because things weren't working out the way you were hoping for and you were expecting your ways to part eventually, you wouldn't have been as aggressive when talking about her, which told me she must have done something severe to provoke your anger. Cheating it is."
It took all of his self-control not to gasp when John’s palms came into contact with his skin. They were warm and strong and he could feel the calluses on them.
"Did anything happen?" she asked immediately. "You're worrying me."
“Where are you going?”
He let his eyes fall closed, squeezing them shut in an attempt to hold back the tears. They wouldn’t fall when biting words and harmful touches of his classmates tried to break through his walls.
He squeezed Sherlock’s hand, gently now, tenderly.
The best way to
“Why not?” Sherlock inquired immediately. “It’s not like we’re doing anything illegal. Besides, nobody saw this anyway.” He sounded defiant, possibly more than he intended to, but he was trying to make a point. He couldn’t believe John would honestly care what people thought about them. After all, he had told him that it was all fine. So why make a fuss now?
"Mrs Hudson!" John exclaims, quickly wiping at his eyes. He is really glad to see her.
"I want it," he heard himself say before he could stop himself. A nervous flutter rushed through his stomach.
He woke with his pillow thoroughly wet. Sherlock's words repeated themselves like a mantra inside his mind.
"It's all right, John. It was a mistake. There's no need for this unnecessary conversation, which is about to complicate matters even further. We both are inebriated, and it was a reckless thing to do with all barriers down. Let’s wipe it from our memories and–“
In response, John’s fingers carded through his hair, and he edged closer, entangling their limbs even further.
“It’s not important. Forget I said that–“
“Stop what? Stop caring? About my best friend who just shot up and has lost track of how much he can actually take? Your so called controlled usage has turned into a serious habit and has now reached the point where you just use it all up to – yeah, to do what exactly? Die? Was this what you wanted?” John didn’t intend to bring it up again, but he knew he wouldn’t get another chance to talk about it. “Because proving Moriarty is actually dead certainly wasn’t the reason you did this. You were told he was on every screen in the country
Suddenly there was nothing of the softness, the gentle tone of John's voice anymore. "Bloody good question,” he answered and held up the small bag that still contained four colourful pills. “I hope you can tell me what the hell is wrong.”
The sun beat down on the beach and made John’s skin appear in a golden glow; as if he had been born to play volleyball on the sand with his bare chest and his goddamn shorts which Sherlock didn’t know if he should curse or thank them for not being see-through.
“We never got the fifth, you said. So you think we’ll get another clue soon, then?”
John wanted to say something, but a voice from a distance didn’t let him. “You two should really get a room.”
“No reason.”
“No, it’s fine,” John tells him nonchalantly. “Clients?” He has to ask, and he can’t state the obvious. Well. It’s not truly obvious, is it? Just a guess. A shot in the dark, which Sherlock often takes, too.
»Good,« Sherlock countered and spread a huge amount of jam on the toast.
“Yes, well. I had to make do with what was at my disposal.”
“No, Sherlock, I don’t have the little one. What–“
Sherlock hadn't sat down close to them in the refectory on purpose. Of course he hadn't. It was hardly his fault they were sitting so close to him. However, he couldn't pretend not to feel his heartbeat picking up a pace or two at the mention of the Christmas disco.
The cramp was relentless, torturing his leg until it felt unbearable. He let go of it again and swam back up, releasing the used air and inhaling the fresh one. He turned, trying to find John and called out his name once more.
But damn it. He couldn’t care less because that tongue was currently licking into his mouth to find his own and it was glorious.
He shakes his head. He cannot reply out loud. He cannot go to the chair by the window and strangle a man who isn’t even there.
. They didn’t accept me yet.”
“Ha!” John said immediately. “I knew it.”
That actually makes John laugh. He has no idea where it comes from. He hasn’t laughed in a long time and almost forgotten what it feels like.
"John …" It comes out in what sounds close to a sob. John can't hide his smile, kissing the inside of his thigh once more, twice more, before pulling back and removing his fingers with caution. Sherlock grimaces in slight discomfort, and John catches it immediately. "All right?"
Sherlock's eyes dart down into the microscope again. "There are particles of Gardenia, a plant that requires special care to grow properly. It demands high humidity and temperatures of about 60 degrees. These plants usually grow in tropical areas. We've got some fibre here, too, and I would opt for a certain carpet fibre, an expensive one at that. There are also particles of a painkiller, as far as I can see."
“Have you?” Sherlock was insistent. This was about trust, and if John didn’t believe him, how could he trust him?
His heart rate couldn't be normal anymore. It was beating so violently in his chest, and the feeling of it jumping out of it wouldn't go away. Not with John's mouth on his, not with John's hand in his hair, not with his body so close to Sherlock's.
John had pulled him into a tight embrace and Sherlock buried his face in the crook of John’s neck, clinging to him as though he needed something to stabilise him and it all overwhelmed him. He didn’t understand how their relationship and how
»I can literally see the mad teenage scientist doing crazy experiments in here,« he chuckled and approached the dark-haired man currently standing by the window and watching the snow fall silently.
They would need to have a conversation about this, but for now, he wanted to throw himself into the exciting world of uncertainty.
Sherlock shook his head heavily and he took his hands away from the mug, only holding it by the handle.
»No, I didn’t.
Sherlock curses into the kiss when John wraps his hand around both their cocks and starts stroking. They almost have the same length, which makes this a lot easier. John speeds up the movements of his hand. Their moans become more frequent, their gasps more frenetic. Sherlock is the first to push into John’s tight fist. John almost doesn’t need to because Sherlock has brought him so close to the edge already, but he joins his frantic movements anyway.
»Most certainly.«
Hoping it was just a one-off, he attempted to think of other things until he went down to the beach to meet the person who was responsible for his physical turmoil.
It takes a while for John to realise that this must be Sherlock in the kitchen, preparing breakfast.
“When did you come to terms with it?” Sherlock asked carefully, not wanting to push John.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock states matter-of-factly, reciprocating the smile. “Mrs Hudson is there when we need her, but she’s truly
“Her hearing is still as good as it was in her twenties.”
“They are very protective, and they would do everything for their babies. Exactly what all of us would do for you, but they’re so much better at it than us.”
“Then why would you assume I’d be disappointed by you?”
His dreams and Sherlock’s insistent voice in the back of his head helped a lot to figure out and discover their true nature. Even if it didn’t matter anymore because the person they were directed at was no longer among the living.
John stripped down to his t-shirt and his pants since he hadn’t brought anything else with him. Sherlock’s mouth went dry as he watched him.
not cheating!”
Thank you so much for reading all the way to the end!
There's only Sherlock making his daughter laugh in one of the most beautiful ways there is.
"Yes, I am," John answers with a pained smile at the image of Sherlock sitting in front of his room all this time, never replying to his texts, so John had given up sending any. Not a word. Nothing. "Thank you."
“Hey!” John huffs in mock irritation. “You should be thankful for all the clients you got because of the blog.”
“What were you up to?” The grin on John’s face almost killed him. It tore up his chest, broke his rips with a loud crack and reached for Sherlock’s heart, squeezing it, crushing it, wringing it out until he was unable to breathe.
“I’m sorry,” he breathed into John’s hair. “I’m really sorry.” His fingers dug into John’s woollen jumper, and he didn’t quite know if it was for John’s consolidation or his own need to find stability, but John’s arms came around his own waist then, as though he had felt his uneasiness.
Greg hit the ball just as hard. He still wondered how they had so much strength, but then they were all much more muscular than him. He was glad he managed to set the ball relatively high for Greg to smash when he had the opportunity.
The tarmac. Shaking hands. Sherlock was about to–
“You were practically radiant,” John smiled at him.
“Yes.”
John stopped breathing for a moment, and Sherlock’s lids shot up immediately. John breathed out again, but a pained expression lay on his face. His brow furrowed, lines all over his forehead. Frown wrinkles appeared between his eyes. His hands grabbed the sheets. His breathing was ragged, his head tossed from one side to the other.
“Neither did I,” Sherlock confessed, subdued. “I never wanted this before.”
Of course, this had to happen. He knew she’d drag him here and then abandon him amongst all too cheery people that he already disliked in their non-inebriated state. Why had he been so stupid to fall for her guise …
And now he was at Mike's house, probably worrying them all night and all day, in John's bed. As much as he welcomed that last part, he had hoped the circumstances of it were different – if it ever happened at all, that was.
Knowing exactly what he would give John for Christmas, he leant in to kiss him more lovingly than ever before.
When the creaking of the door reached his ears, he winced and almost jumped from his chair, but at the same moment, he was frozen on the spot, like a painting on a canvas once the paint had dried.
John snorted at that. “What’s the intention of your question?”
He wants to. God, he wants to.
“John–“
Sherlock closed his eyes as the pain subsided bit by bit, transforming into pleasant, feather light touches ghosting over his slightly hairy leg.
He didn’t mean to start this sentence at all.
John moaned, turning his head, and pressed a few uncoordinated kisses to Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock couldn’t remember how he managed not to die of tediousness while John was out. It was dreadful. He had never been so bored in his entire life and it made him want to scream or shoot the wall but neither Mrs Hudson nor John would be very pleased about that.
A part of him will always want Sherlock, and as long as he doesn’t know if his feelings are requited, he will not find peace in the relationship he is in. As unfair as that is towards Mary, it is even more unjust to stay in this and to pretend to love her as if she’s the love of his life when he can barely keep it up when he is intimate with her, the snide remarks of his not-so-dead flatmate always present at some stage. It simply isn’t fair.
“I should–,” he begins, but doesn’t move an inch.
“All right, I’ll leave you two to discuss this in a man-to-man conversation. Hope you’ll get better soon, Sherlock,” Mary said and turned around, heading downstairs.
“You’re really very good,” Greg answered and then laughed. “How did you learn to do that?”
The look of shock on John’s face was priceless. Apparently, he hadn’t expected this at all.
“What are you even doing there, Sherlock?” he asked, utterly horrified. The state he was in and the way he was holding the knife made him look like a distraught serial killer who did not know exactly what he was supposed to do with the tool in his hand. There were pieces of pumpkin in his hair, creating a nice contrast between the dark curls and the orange fruit pulp.
Her smirk made him even angrier. “If
“Don’t I always?” Sherlock asked and looked up at John.
Anything.
Sherlock stared at him.
“There’s still some time until dinner,” he said.
“Sherlock …” John began, but Sherlock cut him off.
“It will,” she promised him. “I know it.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. “… Only once.”
With no warning, Sherlock surges forward and kisses him hard, ardently, fervently. His lips part of their own accord, and it’s not long before upper lip is caught between Sherlock’s teeth and his tongue meets his own. His chest tingles; his middle tingles. With all his might, he manages to pull back once more. “I haven’t washed your back yet.”
He was still surprised how easy it was to turn John on. He wondered how he did it, what it was in particular that made the blood gather below John's waistline so quickly because sometimes they did nothing more than kissing softly, lips playing slowly with one another, without bringing their tongues into the game at all. Sometimes there were light touches on their cheeks, but chaste, innocent, not even thinking of taking it further, and when he pulled back, he could see John's flushed cheeks, his swollen lips and his need to readjust himself in his pants.
“That’s amazing! I thought it was a greenhouse when I saw it earlier because of the roof and the glasshouse,” John told him as he smiled at his own stupidity.
, in fact,
_________________________________________________
»Morning,« came John’s voice that was still hoarse from sleep.
“Good.”
»It’s simply not possible to fit a hunter’s suit into a hazelnut,« Sherlock remarked. »Or a ball dress.«
“She’s not in her crib,” he hears Sherlock say from the stairs and quickens his pace despite the stinging that is probably about to make itself known.
“I actually thought your observational skills were improving,” Sherlock retorted, “but I must have mistaken it for sheer luck. I am not
“Oh God!” He hid his face in his hands. There were bugs and ants everywhere. They surrounded him, coming closer towards him, buzzing loudly.
His lips brush over John's nipple, making John keen quietly as wet heat meats the cool skin where it peaks out. "God …"
“Meaning we’ll have the place to ourselves all evening and all night.” John’s grin was unbelievably bright.
Sherlock shrugged. “I concede that.”
He showers the next morning, then has breakfast alone. Mary is at work, and he welcomes the quiet. It’s the silence before the storm, though it feels like the storm has already started.
Rosie started to giggle heartily at that. “Daddy, can we also buy pumpkins? Pleeeeaaasss!”
"Yes, I heard you learnt quite a lot about elephants," John laughs cordially. He rubs his nose against her cheek, and Rosie giggles in delight.
John's hand – brilliant John – closed around them both, and he thrust up against him. "God…" Sherlock breathed, and all the words he meant to say died in his throat. Instead, he met John's thrusts, finding a rhythm, while John's other hand found Sherlock's, intertwining their fingers, squeezing lightly.
»I am happy, Sherlock. I am literally a happy camper because for once, everything is fine and things are pretty much the way I want them to be.«
John raised an eyebrow and smiled. »Right, if you say so. Shall we have breakfast and I’ll help you with your list afterwards?«
“You’ll never leave us alone, will you?” John reached for Sherlock’s hand, intertwining their fingers. “I’ll get back at you eventually.”
When John was out of sight, he closed the door and leant back against it, taking a deep breath. His limbs felt weary, and his lids hang heavy over his eyes, so he said goodnight to Oma Karla and went to his room to get ready for bed. He practically fell into bed afterwards.
“I don’t like swimming that much,” Sherlock admitted which earned him a surprised look from John.
»Yes, I
Sherlock was the most accurate baker John had ever met. If there were just a few extra grammes of sugar or flour on the scale, he would remove them instantly. He was also very precise when it came to rolling out the dough (»The recipe says the dough has to be approximately 5 millimetres thick! Why are you laughing, John?!«) and when they cut out the biscuits.
you onto that restaurant floor. Did I tear the stitches?”
He opened the envelope carefully and took out the card first, taking his time reading it.
John closed his eyes, reliving the memory, and swallowed. “I should tell you a bit about them first. You wouldn’t understand otherwise. Or well, probably you would because I’m sure you already deduced a lot about them.“
John leans into it for two seconds, merely wanting – needing the reassurance of not having to go through this alone. He already knows this of course, but convincing his brain is harder than convincing his heart.
His lids lifted a little when he felt John's breath on his skin; he was hovering above him. Asking for permission? Sherlock didn't know. He placed his hand on John's shoulder to pull him closer. John followed Sherlock's movements and rested his forehead against his; their noses touched for a brief moment before John leant in, sealing Sherlock's lips with his own once more. Sherlock's eyes closed again and parted his lips, letting John take his upper lip between his teeth. The sensation was marvellous; tingling, prickling.
“When you told me, … I started to worry. I wanted to grab you by the wrist when you got out of bed that night, but you wouldn’t have stayed. So I let you go and waited for you to come back. I didn’t say anything because I know you don’t like it when I dwell on certain things. That’s why I let it go and decided to wait for you to come to me and tell me whenever you were willing to do so.”
John was picking him up in 20 minutes. It would be casual. Nothing special. Nothing fancy.
John stroked him slowly but firmly.
“It was,” Sherlock said. “At least they always told me it was.”
“I would love nothing more than that,” John answered and took him by the hand.
It was sweet torture. He wanted to pay attention to all the swirls and twists of John's tongue, but that very tongue sent him into oblivion, and his brain’s function was reduced to moaning and gasping out John’s name alongside various curse words as well as digging his hands into the already ruffled sheets.
Is it truly a sin to reach for him now? Now that he is so close, within his reach, why is he not allowed to touch? To hold and to cradle.
, Sherlock thought and hated himself for it.
Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes. John squeezed himself into the narrow space the detective didn’t occupy. His flatmate’s head came to rest in John’s lap almost immediately. John smiled softly at his friend and carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, causing him to let out a relaxed sigh. He carried on until Sherlock’s breaths became deep and even.
Eurus; a gun in her hand.
“In the evening, I know,” she answered. “I just thought I’d make it the traditional German way.”
He heard Greg’s voice and then John was jogging towards him with the all-time-present smile. “Hey!”
“No, it’s not,” John answered. Sherlock could feel his eyes on him. His gaze was intensive and hard to resist. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."
“It was worth it. Every single one has been worth it,” Sherlock tells him earnestly.
“Do you live near the sea in England?”
The loving and gentle affection soon turned into a messy and wet collision of lips. Sherlock pressed his hips against John’s, in need of friction, and John was fumbling with the buttons of his shirt. Finally having removed the garment, he dipped his head and kissed Sherlock’s neck, scraping his teeth against the pale skin and leaving a dark purple mark on it.
»What?«
Sherlock whimpers, swallowing hard. He lets out shallow breaths, and John feels that he is on the very edge, but then groans and squeezes his hand even more firmly. “Wait, John nngg, ah, wait, wait. Oh God.”
This moment mattered. John’s arms around him mattered. His bright smile mattered. Their lips touching mattered, their deep, even breaths and their hearts beating in unison.
Sherlock closed his eyes, capitulating. It had been snowing for the last couple of days and traffic was hell. Of course John loved the snow and he had to admit it was nice to have a white Christmas once in a while, but this was more than he or anyone else could have asked for.
"Nice to meet you," Sherlock said with a smile that was a little tense as he held out his hand to both of them.
“Another bomb, possibly. I’m not sure. We’ll have to wait,” a shiver ran through him, “… until we get a message."
John shook his head. “When I found out I wasn’t straight, I kept quiet about it in front of my parents. I didn’t want to accept it at first, but I couldn’t deny it either. Not to myself. Just to … everyone else,” he sighed. “When my father left, I thought I could stop denying it, that it might be different, but it wasn’t ­– not for a long time.”
Sherlock looks at John with glassy eyes. "I can't treat Rosie like just another case, like another number. She is way too dear to me for that, if something has happened to her, I could never forgi–"
»So how’s it going between you two?« Greg wanted to know and raised his eyebrows expectantly.
"That depends. It can range from twenty thousand to sixty thousand."
»I bet it was the day you wanted me to leave and take my time coming home,« John chuckled. »It didn’t smell of butyric acid at all when I got back!«
»Cheeky, are we?« John chuckled and then continued. »She wanted me to have it, though, since she knew Harry was even less musical than me. So I kept it. It unfortunately broke when I moved to London, but I kept it anyway. I didn’t see the point in letting someone fix it until I met you, but you already had a violin. I mean, you still do, but I thought you could make better use of it than I can. I had it mended and … well, I hope you like it.«
“Would you please just hold him for a minute?” John asked a bit more firmly and handed him to Sherlock who gently pressed the little pet against his chest.
____________________
John had actually asked him to marry him and the evidence was on his left ring finger.
With that, he tore his gaze away from the eyes that seemed to carry the ocean inside them, the eyes that he loved so much, the eyes he couldn't stand looking into anymore. He walked out of the room without looking back to the person he thought was the love of his life; the only person who had ever made his heart skip beats when he smiled, when he laughed, when he touched him. He couldn't look back to the bed of which they had made a mess, loving each other, cradling the other's hearts in their hands. Had John ever cradled it? Had he just been waiting to squeeze all life out of it? He couldn't look back to the tray on which John had prepared breakfast, which they would have shared – exchanging bittersweet kisses between sips of coffee and tea. Thinking about it made his chest constrict. He ensured his steps wouldn't falter until John couldn't see him anymore. He couldn't show weakness now. Not in front of John. Not after he hadn't even listened to him. Not after dismissing his feelings like this.
John lies down beside him and pulls him onto his lap. He shouldn’t be lying on his back with John’s weight pressing down on him. Very bad for the lacerations. This way is much more efficient.
“Be my guest.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, the only thing that didn’t feel exhausting right now. “Tired.”
but that it was so much more than that. Perhaps it was all men; perhaps it was only John. He was convinced it was the latter, but that was not what counted the most right now. What counted was that John was here and that he loved him, that Sherlock loved him, too, and that they were together.
John leant in, his breath causing goosebumps on his skin. He still mastered the art of betraying Sherlock’s control over his body’s reactions. “Well, I can assure you that your arse in these trousers should be illegal, especially in the ‘sun salutation’ pose,” he whispered into his ear.
“No,” Sherlock answered too quickly.
Before he and John are truly a thing, and yet having moved past the stage of ‘we’re just best friends’, his touches are frequent; on his shoulder when Sherlock’s head is buried in the newspaper during breakfast and John walks around the table to get a refill of his coffee, on his wrist during a cab ride in which none of them says anything and they only exchange silent but all-knowing glances as their lips curl upwards, on his ankle when Sherlock’s feet rest in John’s lap when they watch the evening news or a film that Sherlock half-watches, half-predicts. Sherlock is content with how things are progressing, evolving between them, slowly but steadily.
Sherlock squinted at him. »Why would I have to look into my shoes?«
Sherlock's smile is irresistible. So is that goddamn mouth. Sherlock presses his lips against John's as if he truly were dying in the next few seconds, pouring all that he feels into the kiss. His hands caress John's tear-stained cheeks and then bury themselves in his hair, stroking it in a calming manner. All the while, John can't do much but hold onto him; his coat, his shirt.
Sherlock stopped trusting his language skills and decided to answer in English.
John nodded in acknowledgement before he changed the subject. “Your grandma is lovely,” he said with a smile. “I didn’t expect she would show me all these pictures.”
"John, please." Ah yes. His name. John.
But downstairs, the violin is still playing. Softly, as to not disturb the other inhabitants of this house, but John has always responded to Sherlock's playing. He rubs his eyes and quietly pads to the door, carefully opening it. He makes his way slowly down the stairs, leaning against the living room door frame, watching Sherlock play.
It wasn’t too long before their food arrived – with an aperitif. John clicked glasses with him.
Eventually, though, Sherlock stretches reluctantly.
“With a genius brain like that, everyone must seem like an idiot to you,” John responded.
Thank you for reading along. I hope you enjoyed this little ficlet collection, which turned into a fic somehow and let me know what you think!
"Please do," Mike asserted, raising his glass of beer to his lips.
He wished he could turn back the time and undo what he did, unsay what he said, but there was no way he could fix this. There simply wasn't. He had said such mean things and hadn't meant any of them. Sometimes, people do that just to hurt people back. To blame them. To make them feel the pain that you are feeling yourself. To simply make them see that they are wrong; … or at least not completely right.
Sherlock's eyes widen, and his breathing comes to a halt.
He hates doctors – and their orders.
Sherlock’s hair was wet from the huge drops the flakes had turned into and his cheeks were rosy from the cold air. He shot him an angry glance and took off his coat and scarf.
to reach out for when Sherlock was still alive? Although he had known back then, although he had
It has been more than a month since they got together, and their relationship evolved into something John will never give up on. He hadn't expected Sherlock would go in for the physical aspect of romantic entanglements as he regarded it as a distraction. At least that is what John thought was the case. Sherlock had been reluctant at first; he used to let John initiate contact for the most part, partly because it was still new, partly because of his own uncertainty as to how far John was willing to go, and to some extent, John's still-healing bullet wound played a role, too.
They still have him wake up in sweat, but …
“There’s no chance to be taken, John. Not with her.”
John asks if she wants to come back to his place. In spite of Sherlock’s horrible comments. He opens the door with steady fingers.
Sherlock kicks him gently with his knee. “That’s my line.”
»What for?« Sherlock inquired in return.
John was right; it was very soft, but that didn’t change the fact that it was utterly hideous. Whoever created this garment must have thought it was a brilliant plan to put every pattern a human being was possibly able to design before he ran out of ideas on that jumper and then (which was probably the worst thing of all) add a gigantic snowflake right in the middle of it.
Sherlock couldn’t remember what he did to keep himself occupied and not completely go mad because of their little argument. Was it even that little? John was angry after all and that made him stay out for hours. At some point Sherlock started to worry. He knew John usually leaves the flat when they argue because he’s aware he’d only make it worse if he stayed. It wasn’t running away from their problems, it was a good thing perhaps. They were both known to be very stubborn when it came to the question of who was right. So John leaving before things escalated was the best solution available.
It had bothered him a lot when he was a child. His only friend, whom he had met in primary school, never minded Sherlock being different, but the other children did, and after his friend had moved away in year 3, things got quite ghastly. It had taken many horrible names and terrible fights, a lot of which had ended with him receiving bruises and even a black eye until Mycroft had taught him how to strike back, how to strengthen the walls that tumbled and crumbled whenever someone just shot him a condescending glance. Personal insults were met with Sherlock's snide remarks about their non-existent intellect, their appalling IQ, their alcoholic parents whose addiction would most certainly be passed on to their children and them getting nowhere in life because of it, or their sex life, which had been his best weapon until the very end. Cheating girlfriends always did the job because, frankly, being faithful simply wasn't the strong suit of most of them in his year, so he didn't even have to lie.
John swallowed hard. “What triggered him?”
John declined politely and Sherlock shook his head, still not looking up from where his face was hidden.
The ‘downward facing dog pose’ was definitely the worst position he had ever forced his body into, and that had been his exact thoughts during the sun salutation, too. What else did Petra have in store for them this afternoon?
He helped Sherlock into a new pair of pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. Sherlock assured him he had showered this morning so there was no need for a bath. John knew he might possibly have to have one sooner or later to cool off and bring down the temperature he was certainly going to catch.
Sherlock’s only response was a moan around John’s cock.
He wanted to say all this, but John seemed to read it all in his eyes because a soft smile appeared on his lips. “Come here,” he whispered and pulled him down for a kiss.
“Just someone I met.” Sherlock put the kettle on.
Heavy footsteps on the stairs; Sherlock is breathing hard. His face is pale.
"You are. Now stop it."
He had not craved affectionate touches at all since he was a young boy. He was doing fine without them ever since. Detaching himself from sentiments and refusing to form any kind of emotional bond had worked perfectly well until the very moment when he developed feelings John Watson.
His mouth feels dry, and the more often he swallows, the worse it gets. He is about to fuck things up even more, isn't he? He's not even remotely good at talking about this, but he knows he can't divert the conversation into another direction anymore.
“Did you just whimper?”
"All right, then. I'm still not done with you, though. Wait for a mo."
John grinned at him and raised his eyebrows, shrugging. “My German is not too bad.”
worrying. It’s not helping in any way!”
Hiding his face in his hands, he tried to hold back a sob, but failed miserably.
Neither of them realised Sherlock’s grandma was a witness of their giggling and splashing and coughing as they pushed and pulled each other underwater again and again until she called, “Boys!”
“At least
It got harder and harder to stand upright so he rested his hand on the edge of the table for support.
He fell into the lethargic state of boredom and melancholy, sulked on the sofa and was in a terrible mood most of the time since John had to spend all day at work, which only exacerbated the already atrocious situation.
Rosie.
“Shit,” he said immediately, pulling back. “I’m sorry. I know you don’t do this kind of thing. I don’t know what came over me.” He made a motion to leave, but Sherlock’s hand grabbed his wrist.
In fact, that wasn’t true at all, though. He actually hated arguing with the older Holmes. Of course, embarrassing him in front of other people was fun and once he’d started, he didn’t want to stop. They always exchanged a sarcastic remark or a snarky comment when one thought the other was behaving like an idiot, but all in all they were still siblings. Mycroft had helped him through the two most awful years of his life; he’d always been there even if Sherlock was in very nasty trouble, even if Sherlock kept rebelling and claimed he didn’t need his help.
Still breathing hard, he answered, “God, yes. Keep going…”
»You don’t mind when you’re working with them,«
Sherlock sighed. »Seriously, John? Do we have to?«
»Right then, Molly’s just arrived. I’ll talk to you later and enjoy yourselves!« Greg grinned and winked at John.
“Hush now,” John interrupted him. “I didn’t have any plans even if Greg probably made you think that.”
When his eyes open again, a bright spark appears in them. “What? What is it?” John asks immediately.
His chest.
Sherlock grinned at him and closed his eyes when he heard the Nutcracker Suite, enjoying the music and John’s presence.
One night, they come back home from an exhausting case that has lasted for over a week. And this time, it’s not adrenaline they feel from having solved it, no, there’s none of that, as rare as it may be, but this time, they’re both drained, fatigued, and knackered. Sherlock hasn’t slept in days, and when he did, his brain wouldn’t shut off properly; John’s only taken power-naps, which have lost its power-giving function on day three. Sherlock is so worked up, adrenaline and weariness fighting for the upper hand inside him, he lets his coat and jacket fall over the backrest of his armchair and sits down, groaning in frustration. His fingers dig hard into his curls, pulling, pressing against his scalp, almost tearing, to make it stop, to just
"I told you I'm perfectly fine," Sherlock muttered, not knowing if he should be disappointed or amazed at how much John cared about his well-being.
Sherlock didn’t understand how this was possible. This was
“I just remembered,” Sherlock murmured.
shady place by the marram grass. Sherlock dropped his things quietly, approaching him from behind and kneeling down. His hands came to rest on John’s eyes, making him guess who it was.
“You’re not actually going to sleep down there, are you?” Sherlock wanted to know immediately.
“As I said, no ransom. And puzzling texts. This is no ordinary kidnapping, and I've had my fair share of those, Lestrade. Believe me. If I tell you it's a person who knows us and that it's someone we likely know as well, then that's a fact."
His head falls back into the pillow, and he exhales. Sherlock's hand finds his again, clasping it tightly. John wishes to respond in kind but only manages a weak wriggle of fingers. It's enough for Sherlock, though.
“You wanna sleep on the streets?” John asked with one of those lovely grins Sherlock couldn’t get enough of.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will do you me the honour of marrying me?” John asked quietly and his voice was full of hope and fear and a hint of despair.
“I’m trying,” Sherlock murmured, rummaging through the bag and trying to decide. “There are …,” he started counting, “ten James Bond films in here.”
“Good morning.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but forced himself not to fall into a lecturing monologue about the different varieties of pumpkins.
John’s hand was on his back, but Sherlock couldn’t find any comfort in it. He hunched his shoulders, pulling his knees up against his chest.
His vision blurs; his body is shaking.
Sherlock didn’t know if he should be relieved or disappointed Mrs Hudson had burst in. His heart felt as though it wanted to turn in his chest and his hands were sweaty. He had been so nervous and unprepared, as it had been years since someone’s kissed him (and he’s actually kissed back voluntarily) and he was out of practice. His last relationship had been at university; ages ago.
Sherlock didn’t bother with a reply. There was definitely something very wrong here. John rarely covered for any of his colleagues anymore so why would he do so now? He usually declined if it wasn’t an emergency.
He squeezed back.
John caught the ball when it was his turn. “You have to stretch your arms, hips and legs at the same time. Your entire body will stretch and your movements become stronger.”
Finally Mary catches on, too.
“Yes?”
“You’d rather be with a bloke, then?”
Sherlock observed every twitch of his muscles, every blink of his eyes. He was sleep-deprived and must feel horrible.
It was no use. John couldn’t fix them. If they needed venting, they should be working again by now. Mrs Hudson thanked him anyway and went downstairs to call a heating company.
“I didn’t mean that as in– no, look, I meant. Great, I just screwed this up.” He shook his head and started again. “I don’t care about the gossip or the opinions some may have of you. I just heard you’re involved in police work sometimes. That true?”
John shakes his head as far as that’s possible. He tries to think of what happened to him, but that hurts, too. "I went to my therapist's. That's … all I remember." He sounds sleepy, still having slight trouble speaking with the numbing ache everywhere.
“Jesus, Sherlock, just– say something,” he says breathlessly.
When their drinks arrived, Bill spoke up.
“All right,” John said quietly and nodded. “You should go back to sleep. There’s nothing we can do at the moment.”
But could he really burden Sherlock with Rosie? Sure, she is a cheerful little girl, and Sherlock loves her with all his heart, yet he doesn't know what it means to raise a baby 24/7. She is lively and vivacious and demanding…
“Goodnight, love,” John said quietly and kissed his forehead gently, holding him close to his chest.
“No need. You were sound asleep. I didn’t want to wake you.”
He goes to work and – regrets it. He mistakes one of his patients for Sherlock in yet another disguise. Mary comes in to check on them. God, how much deeper can he possibly fall …
They were going to sleep in Sherlock’s old room for the night. Sherlock went upstairs quickly, leaving John to carry the heavier bag. Entering his room, he was astonished nothing had changed. Well, not quite. His parents had made some minor changes, one of which was the huge bed having replaced his old one.
– the film they were watching – was only the second one he was in. Sherlock listened rather to John's voice than the people talking on the telly. He meant to follow the action but soon lost interest. Despite barely paying attention, he kept predicting what was about to happen, eliciting the occasional giggle and the occasional soft rebuke from John. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the seduction scene which, of course,
“What is it? What do you see?” he asked.
»I did, but I don’t want you to force yourself to do anything you’re not ready for. You don’t have to do this to make me feel good,« John said and his voice turned serious. »Be honest with me, and most importantly, be honest with yourself.«
Let me live. Let him hear me.
“It’s– um…” Sherlock felt his cheeks heat up and the sun wasn’t helping much either.
"Manchester United. They won," John grinned. "It was a good game. Exciting till the last minute." He told Sherlock everything about the match, and despite being not really interested in it, it was pleasant to listen to John's report. His voice was soft and soothing, and Sherlock could listen to him talking about any trivial subject without getting bored. He wasn't able to explain why, but he wanted John to keep talking so he could listen to his mild voice. The most remarkable thing about it was that he could always hear the smile that lingered on John's lips when he spoke about something with enthusiasm.
“Hmm. Hey, beautiful,” John mumbled with a voice hoarse from sleep, which conjured a blush on Sherlock’s cheeks.
"You don't feel weak or tired?"
John didn’t have anything to say to that. His face was blank. God, he was making everything worse.
They went about their daily routine and after another sulk on the sofa (»But why can’t you pick it up on your way back from wherever you’re going?«) and the promise of a little treat when Sherlock returned home, he gave in with a deep sigh.
,’ John wants to say, but Sherlock is gone, so it does not matter. Trying to re-enter the same dream never works, so he has given up trying.
“Hey, John!” another volleyball player called out. He was playing in John’s opponent team. That was the name of the short but muscular man with the deep blue eyes apparently. “You coming back anytime soon?"
The first woman, Petra apparently, shrugged, looking him expectantly and saying his shoulders would thank him for sure. She didn’t seem as if she would accept even as much as a slight shake of his head.
John came back half an hour later. His cheeks were very rosy and his smile was as bright as ever. He walked up the stairs with two huge bags and peered into the kitchen he was likely to enter just a few seconds later, but he changed his mind in the moment he caught sight of Sherlock.
“You can come here whenever you like,” Sherlock told him, trying to calm his racing heart.
He had two options. Pretending he was still asleep (which was about to happen again any second now anyway) or face John and do some explaining. His headache immediately chose the first.
Sherlock locked eyes with her for another second before it became clear. The lady from the bar who had refused to sell him any more drinks after the second cognac.
He selected the baubles he thought were the most beautiful ones and trimmed the tree bit by bit, making sure there was enough space between the ornaments and the baubles.
Sherlock fiddled with his keys as he tried to open the door. Once he let himself inside, he turned back around to face John who was just behind him. "Please don't tell her," he whispered.
Sherlock went into the shops with less and less hope to buy anything and went out, feeling more and more frustrated and desperate.
When the film ended, Sherlock turned in John's arms and settled against his chest. "So, what did you think?" John asked as his arm came around Sherlock's frame, holding him close, so he didn't come close to the sofa's edge again.
John’s mind buzzes. His heart seethes. “Exactly, so she could figure you out, to find your weaknesses, and then she went back to Sherrinford as though nothing happened!”
»For God’s sake, John, nothing is bothering me!«
“No, I’m okay,” Sherlock answered, trying to turn around, but John’s weight pressed him down. He leant forward and ran his lips over Sherlock’s skin.
“No, don’t be better,” John whispered into his hair. “Just be you.”
him. If he only knew how to express his thoughts without making a complete fool of himself.
The bag was full of video cassettes. “I’m surprised they let you get away with this as hand luggage.”
"No, but I'm not everyone," John answered softly. "It's good you told me what you want, or in this case, don't want."
. I know you bought him a present.«
“I agree. I am the best thing that could’ve happened to you.”
Sherlock hoped she wouldn’t embarrass him further, but his hopes vanished just a moment later.
Slowly the blurry picture clears up. Black and white fade into soft colours.
“Will you be like that with your patients, too, for instance when you’re about to give them a prostate exam?”
Both John and Sherlock got up from the blanket. “Sherlock.”
Suddenly, everything becomes clear to John.
, John thinks and wants to let it go.
Sherlock smirked, knowing exactly what John meant. He wasn't keen on being woken by the heavy and mindless steps and noise that Mike, Greg and Bill would make when they would come home later.
awkward, but he didn't seem to be put off by it. Quite the contrary, he appeared to be moved, intrigued to know more about him, and Sherlock had no idea why that could be because nobody had ever reacted this way. Nobody had ever shown interest, apart from Molly, but this was different somehow.
Sherlock sighed in relief when he heard the front door fall shut. “Will you do me the favour of going after her, please?”
Sherlock didn’t remember much of that night, but he certainly remembered this.
»You alright?« John asked immediately and to his surprise Sherlock burst out giggling.
“Would you two like some cake?”
It felt as though the heat of a desert flowed into his respiratory passages, burning everything that lay in its path, setting his alveoli on fire and leaving nothing but ash and dust that should have suffocated him, caused him to choke on his own air, but somehow it didn't. Instead, his skin prickled as the heat crawled through his pores, making it glow in a rosy shade from the friction against the crisp sheets and the hot air inside the small, fuggy room. The thin hair covering his sweaty skin stood up against the cooling sensation of someone breathing in and out slowly, grazing it with every exhale.
“You can get that,” John said and pointed behind himself where the ball was rolling over the grass.
I'll try to update every Monday, but I'm starting uni tomorrow and my life will be a lot busier from now on, so please don't be disappointed if it doesn't always work out and know that I'm doing my best to update regularly.
"Maybe in a few years' time, you'll regret it because you let yourself be guided by a stupid, meaningless teenage summer love," John told him and disappointment resonated with it.
“I’m trying,” Sherlock shrugged as he handed the ball to his teammate whose turn it was to serve now.
"Sherlock, I mean!" Worry clouds the lady's face, and she plays with her fingernails nervously. "I've seen come home earlier. He wouldn't even say hello to me, can you imagine that?" She tilts her head, a mixture of concern and anger crossing her face.
“Cheeky brat,” John hummed and captured his mouth in a passionate kiss.
He hesitated a bit. “… Impulses. Towards either gender?” he wanted to know. Sherlock opened his eyes and caught a glimpse of John’s expression that changed as soon as Sherlock looked at him. He couldn’t quite place it. There lay something in his the depth of his eyes and in the wrinkles of his brow, something he didn’t understand.
to know that to me, you aren't."
John grinned, his breath still coming short. He rolled them over, so he was half on top of Sherlock again, his fingers digging into Sherlock's hips and his leg coming to rest between Sherlock's. He buried his nose in the crook of Sherlock's neck and grazed his lips over his skin, gently nibbling at it and darting his tongue out to lick over the slightly irritated patches. Next to him, Sherlock sucked in a breath as his eyes fell shut. He craned his neck into the other direction to give John better access.
Sherlock snorted at her choice of words. “I feel honoured, as a beginner,” he answered.
Sherlock’s eyes travelled to his hands holding the ball; they were strong and very callused.
Thankfully, he had already bought the train ticket that would bring him far away from the reality he had to face every day and which was safely folded inside his wallet.
John takes up his phone to type out something like "just leave me be," but he fumbles too much and the screen goes all blurry, so he puts it away again. He knows he's had too much, but he doesn't care anymore, not at this point. His phone keeps announcing new texts from Sherlock, but John chooses to ignore them.
Sherlock’s lips curled into a tiny smile in spite of himself. “I’m glad you think so.”
“Fuck … ohohoh OH! John! Johhnnn!”
»But you
He wants to text Sherlock again, but he knows it’s pointless. If he wanted to see him, he would do so. So instead, John spends the days watching the raindrops running down the windows, the clouds fly by, talking to the nurses and his doctor.
did. Did you never wonder why I seduced you on that bus?" She looks at John with that bittersweet grin. "It was almost too easy, but since I couldn’t hurt her by taking you away from her anymore when she died,” she says, her eyes grazing John for a mere second, “I chose the next best thing by getting my revenge by hurting you, John Watson.”
"I'll pick you up at six. That all right?" John murmured against his lips, a smile tugging their corners.
“Could you,” John cleared his throat, “give me his list, please?”
He shook his head.
»Oh, Allie, but
Heavy.
Sherlock slept for a few hours. His body felt heavy and warm when he woke up, but the ache and stiffness still lingered in his bones.
»Pretty much?« Sherlock inquired, but John looked down at the papers.
Sherlock swallowed. “I think from my reaction you could figure that–“
Sherlock did. »What a coincidence,« John said and his smile was softer than ever as he looked up at the mistletoe that neither of them had put there.
John brushed his forehead with the back of his hand. “Okay, it’s gone now. Open your eyes."
“You said you didn’t want it to be over yet,” John teased sweetly.
He wondered if it always hurt this much. Fighting. Arguing. Taking the other person’s heart in one’s hand and squeezing.
John let himself float in the cool water. “God, that’s perfect,” he grinned. “I wish we had a pool at home.”
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment. The engine in his head was rattling, almost tearing itself into pieces. They were so close to something so promising and so overwhelming, it all depended on him now. God, how did he want it… He could still feel John’s warm hand on his waist while they danced and completely forgot the other people, totally lost in the music and each other. There was just one answer to the question even though not knowing what the outcome of this moment was going to be was frightening.
“Oh, and what’s that?” John asked with a smile as his eyes darted down to his parted lips.
“A long time ago. Let’s not talk about it.”
John looked up at him, his hand coming to a halt as if he was caught in the middle of something forbidden.
“John …” was all he could manage. He was so exhausted, his legs felt funny and he needed John to be with him right now.
Not Sherlock.
“You don’t. You just look like an amateur needing some help.”
Love could make you do many premature and hasty things. As long as there was no foreseeable end to one’s happiness, everything seemed to be the right decision if it made you feel good at that moment.
So it’s for somebody who loves somebody.
“No, it wasn’t,” Sherlock answered.
He blinks and tries to make out where he is.
“It’s a meetable challenge.” Sherlock looked a little offended now. “Did he threaten you?”
How could he even think about doing such a thing? John was his friend, and people didn't imagine their friends when they pulled it. What was John going to make of this? He didn't intend to tell him, of course, but he knew he couldn't pretend nothing happened. What if John took off his shirt again on the beach today? What if he couldn't pull himself together and John caught sight of it? He simply couldn't control his body in this regard.
He rested his left arm next to his body so John could inject it. John saw the various punctures and marks, but didn’t comment on them. There’d be enough time to talk about it later.
He was lost in the world of honeybees for a while when two feet appeared in front of his eyes. He looked up and into the smiling face of John Watson holding a ball in his hand.
“John,” he murmured, already half-asleep.
Sherlock laughed at that. “Flattering,” he answered, not allowing John to speak on. “I rather meant this,” he gestured around. “Phoning them up, reserving a table.”
“Yes, and you lied.”
“Are you sure this is–“
“Shh, it’s alright, relax,” John soothed him with a grin. His other hand had slipped down to his entrance, pressing against it very carefully, like a massage.
“Isn’t that my decision?” Sherlock asked defiantly and straightened his back.
"I noticed," Sherlock says, shifting in his seat. For a fleeting moment, John has the impression that the detective wishes to get up but apparently thinks better of it. Somehow, John finds that quite disappointing.
Another moment of silence passes. It’s so far from the truth.
“I have another pair of pyjamas. Do you want it?” he asked, hoping John would say yes because he wouldn’t survive lying next to him knowing he was wearing nothing but pants. It wasn’t good for … certain parts of him. He didn’t want to seem as desperate as he was.
Grumbling, but so relieved, Sherlock gave in, abandoning his experiment and following John to their bedroom. His head sank into the soft pillows like a stone sank to the ground of the sea. John’s arms tightened around his waist and upper body, and John’s warmth (he was always so warm, it made him feel safe and comfortable and utterly content) and his deep and even breaths lulled Sherlock to sleep more gently and carefully than any lullaby could have done.
The conversation drifted off the more meaningless topics, and Sherlock found himself enjoying John’s company more than he could have predicted or anticipated. The constant flow of more and more alcoholic liquid fulfilled its purpose of easing the conversation, but Sherlock was grateful for it. The tension having sat heavily on his shoulders at the beginning slowly faded and soon vanished completely. John was a more than agreeable conversationalist and Sherlock wished the time would slow down or freeze entirely, so the evening wouldn’t have to end after all.
He takes a step back, bumping into somebody else. He turns around.
Did he come to the hospital with the plan of coming in, but then stopped because his anger flared up again? Unable to leave either?
»You don’t want to talk about it, then?« John offered quietly.
He should’ve known that none of the things he did were going to make him forget anything that happened. Not for long anyway. He couldn’t recall anything from last night, but the things he wanted to forget were still there, still very prominent in his memories.
“Oh God, Sherlock. That’s terrible! I’m really sorry,” John said hurriedly. “I didn’t mean to bring it up. That must have been–“
»Sherlock, –« John started, wanting to tell him he didn’t have to do this for him, but all his words got lost in the deep moan he couldn’t hold back when Sherlock almost enveloped his entire length. He started to bob his head slowly at first, but faster eventually and John couldn’t help but gasp and sigh in relief and pleasure at once.
John instinctively closes his eyes when Sherlock's fingers trail up to his neck, barely touching, warming his skin. It feels as though Sherlock begins to play a silent instrument, strumming chords John can feel but not hear, eliciting a soft melody from his heart, making his muscles sing and his blood respond in kind. Sherlock taps his fingers, stroking over John's neck with his other hand as he would with a bow, and John starts trembling, his knees threatening to give way. The music he heard before resonates in his whole body, and he feels alive, so incredibly alive.
“I know what you’re referring to, Jesus.”
, it is rather
John’s behaviour was so different recently. He didn’t act strange when he was at home, but when he was out, he always found an excuse not to come home when he had promised to. Did something keep him from returning just yet?
"You looked at the drinks they offered. All alcoholic refreshments are on the right which is where you looked the longest."
Past tense. Sherlock stopped breathing.
“Don’t stop, God, don’t stop…”
John smiles and tucks his hands into his trouser pockets. He's not seen Sherlock this nervous before, and he takes pleasure in the fact that this nervousness has been caused by
When John pulled back, Sherlock looked sheepishly at him. “Do you need help with your duvet?”
"John …" Sherlock's voice sounds oddly calm. Of course he would be. He sees this rationally. They'll be dead before they can feel the pain. That must be it.
It was maddening.
“You are the most unbelievable man that I have ever met.” His eyes flicker down to Sherlock’s lips once he’s looking down at him again.
Sherlock wondered how John put up with them sometimes. It was funny to a certain extent, but eventually, it got more than annoying; and slowly, they seemed to get on his nerves, too. Mostly ignoring the following verbal exchange between John and his friends, he walked silently with them.
She winked at Bill and a few other girls who were at the organisation team for the night, and then the lights in the hall went dark. Except for a few spotlights.
»I’m not forcing you into anything and if we just carry on living together as friends, I’m completely fine with–«
Sherlock rested his head on John’s chest, nodding.
It had been almost an hour since he went to bed, but the chilly temperatures would not let him fall asleep. Tossing and turning, he finally came to rest on his right side and his gaze wandered to the misted-up window he almost couldn’t see through anymore. Squint-eyed he made out little drops on the cold glass, but it wasn’t raining; he would’ve heard it if it were.
“Have you seen me with a girl?”
asking Mycroft, it didn’t mean he would actually say yes. He hated Christmas even more than Sherlock in the end.
He shakes his head to cast them off but doesn't quite manage it. Another sip. Another gulp. Another tumbler and another. He grimaces. His throat burns a little after he swallows. A different kind of burn than the one of his chest; more pleasant.
Sherlock joined them on the sofa and sat down beside John. »Solved it?«
John started to sing. With his sweet and soft voice, he sang the first stanza of
»It’s for our case!«
isn't!" He pulled out a knife and held it hazardously close to his chest, leaving him unable to move.
»He slipped and fell onto his back. Do you have Voltaren by any chance? And a pain killer, too, maybe?« John asked her and she hurried to the bathroom to retrieve the requested medication.
“Morning,” he normally said, his voice still rough from sleeping, but to Sherlock, it always sounded endearing.
Sherlock nodded and got up, taking up the violin John had given him and his bow. John placed the sheets of music on the music stand before he sat down in his armchair and watched Sherlock with a fond expression on his face.
Sherlock took a deep breath, hands finding John’s chest, his clavicles, his shoulders, his biceps.
"He was my commander, as I already told you, but," John takes a deep breath. "I admired him. I always have. Not just physically, but many of us did. He was strong, especially personality wise, never let anyone put obstacles in his way. He was sort of unapproachable but never unjust, and I suppose that's why everyone liked him." John stopped for a moment.
“What? No, we– I found you at your therapist's house. You were bleeding out." His expression turns sorrowful. "I can't believe she almost killed you."
“Yeah, you are, if you don’t shut up now and keep walking.”
“Sherlock,” he said softly, popping up on his elbow. “Are you all right?” John was out of breath, too.
"No," Sherlock lied, but John had already started tickling him all over the place, and Sherlock winced, trying to escape the relentless fingers that attacked his neck and throat.
"I understand it's a lot to take in. It's all right, John," Sherlock tells him.
“What?” John asks immediately.
“I think I'll have a cuppa instead," John finally says, turning toward the kitchen. "You want one?"
“Yes, I do,” Sherlock answered. His heart was jumping and pounding wildly inside his ribcage.
“Stop belittling me. You’re in your first semester, too.”
, a voice in his head whispered.
“You don’t think talking can fix it?”
John didn't take in all of him, but his hand kept working his base. He had never experienced something so intense before. When he thought his skin couldn't prickle and his body couldn't tremble any more than it did, John's other hand slid further back and started caressing his testicles.
"Where, Sherlock?" John gets up. Sherlock's heart rate picks up.
Sherlock woke with a start, breathing heavily. He remembered his dream as if it were yesterday. He wondered what this was supposed to mean. It felt like he had been visited by the Ghost of Christmas past who revived his memories of the holiday he hated the most.
have a heart, very capable of feeling and hurting and screaming and trusting and loving. It told the story of a crushed piece of him, a burned part inside him misused by so many people making Sherlock think it had been torn into shreds and charred to ash. They had made him believe loving and gentle gestures weren’t necessary and so Sherlock had rather fed his brain with stimulus than his heart with affection.
“Let’s see, then. Give me a different knife. This one’s not sharp enough.”
Edit: 1st Feb 2020: This fic has not been abandoned, I'm currently working on the next chapters. So you've got something to look forward to (I hope) <3
“What?”
“Do you see?” Sherlock asked, desperate, frustrated. “You can’t be. Not when I’m the one causing all our problems.”
“Why? Do you?”
There were many beaches in the small town his grandma lived in, but if you wanted soft sand, you would have to walk right until you reached the haven. Just behind it, there was a huge beach that had changed a lot since he was here last. They put up a net for people who wanted to play beach volleyball and just next to the court there was a beach hut where they sold drinks and snacks.
, he wanted to say, but his throat felt so tight that he couldn’t even swallow down the lump in it.
»John …« Sherlock tried to say something coherent, but all he could manage was another stifled sigh, mentally kicking himself for still thinking he had to be quiet. He never dared to be very loud, but John appreciated every sigh that came out of him, every sound uncoiling deep inside him.
Not in this lifetime.
“No.”
Oma Karla had a way of listening and understanding nobody else had; not even his mother. His grandmother always gave him the right advice and he hated that he wasn't able to spend more time with her.
Sherlock tried not to wince when he dragged himself out of the car once they arrived. He fished the key out of his pocket and opened the door with shaking hands. He hoped John wouldn’t notice so he blocked the view to the lock.
Only a look at the calendar told Sherlock that they were nearing one week. It already seemed like an eternity to him while at the same time it felt as though he had taken the blow mere minutes ago.
The closer he came to the beach the more painful his chest ached. Nerviness seemed to have replaced the blood in his veins because his hands were trembling and his legs were wobbly. He felt hot and cold at the same time, cold beads of sweat stood on his hairline.
Mycroft rolled his eyes at this. »May I remind you, dear brother, of what happened last year?«
John cleared his throat. "I just– I don't want you to destroy your brilliant mind, Sherlock. Not for me, and not with this. I have to witness exactly that right this instant. It's been happening for almost a year now. My sister is an alcoholic, and, despite my best efforts, all attempts to get her sober have failed. My father is an alcoholic, and he destroyed my childhood because of it. Now I have to watch my sister losing all control because the occasional drink turned into something much worse, and I don't think I can muster up the strength to watch you go because of substance abuse, too, Sherlock. I can't do this."
Sherlock’s mouth fell shut in an instant.
“I had no right, Sherlock,” John murmurs hoarsely, remembering all the times he stepped between Sherlock and the people who intended to hurt him, verbally and physically.
»I finish at five thirty. Traffic will be hell again at that time of the day so I guess I’ll be back at six or quarter past. Why?« John inquired as he slid into his coat. »You waiting for me to get out?« he chuckled.
“How was your day?” he whispered against Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock smiled and turned around, his limbs heavy and his eyes blinking drowsily. “Sleeping for a hundred years must have made you hungry.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“I hate gifts.”
»What for?«
“Wha– Sherlock!”
But in that night, something happened that hadn’t happened before.
. This is very likely to occur during a coma. You try to make sense of what happened to you and dream of utter nonsense," Sherlock tells him, attempting to convey this calmly.
“You are.”
“Sherlock.” His voice was so low and caring, causing tears to well up in Sherlock’s eyes. He squeezed them shut in order to hold them back.
“Go on,” Sherlock nudged him with his knee, sighing dramatically, “keep complaining.”
“It has to be here. I put it
“If you want to shout at me for my many mistakes, you might as well start now,” he straightened himself, his voice firm now, not breaking despite the tears in his eyes. “It’s a rather long list, falling for you being at the very top of it!”
John sank down on top of Sherlock, trying to catch his breath and his chest rose and fell in a still unsteady rhythm. “That was bloody phenomenal,” he gasped out.
His chest rose and fell, loud gasps and choked sobs coming out of his mouth.
John barely sleeps that night. He lies awake as the minutes tick by. He has been supposed to make his girlfriend happy in a round of sensuous lovemaking after their engagement, but instead Mary has merely squeezed his arm, knowing and understanding, and switched off the light on her bedside table. She has wound an arm around his waist and given him a quick goodnight kiss before she has fallen asleep just a couple of minutes later.
»Stop right there! I wanted it to be a surprise!«
He let out a sigh and relented.
He will make it up to Sherlock. He is aware that it’s presumably too much to achieve in a lifetime, but by God, he will at least try …
The rest of the day was very awkward. John made tea and made Sherlock drink it to keep him hydrated; Sherlock complained because he was feeling much better already and didn’t need to be coddled.
John had noticed. He knew his fears and concerns and when they tormented him. John
still closer to it.”
»I’ll walk you to the living room and take a look at it, okay?« John suggested and his voice was so gentle Sherlock wanted to tell him not to make such a huge fuss, but he was in more pain than he would have liked to admit, so he nodded and was glad to be able to lie down, even if it brought him little relief.
John went upstairs, leaving Sherlock in the sitting room. His heart was pounding hard in his chest and his fingers were shaking a little. He tried to stop being so nervous, failing bitterly.
Tonight, though, John has chosen to stay downstairs. A lot of thoughts have been running through his head all day – all week, to be honest, ever since he was released from hospital. And it felt right for him to have a drink tonight. To sort his thoughts, clear the cobwebs away. To numb the pain that sits deeper, beneath his bullet wound.
“Because I mean it,” Sherlock said. “And I need to know if you want this to be a summer fling or not because–“ he stopped.
John shakes his head. "No, but thanks. I prefer a bit of a walk, actually. It's not too far."
“I'm not a fan of Christmas, and
John breathes out slowly. “Are you sure?” he asks. “’Cause I’m full of them.”
_________________________________________________
He shuddered once he was inside and closed the door behind him. Once he entered the kitchen to put the shopping away, the cosy warmth of their flat enveloped him and he sighed contentedly.
»Arriving at a party and leaving it again just a minute later are not mutually exclusive,« Sherlock reminded him.
“Shhh. Don’t speak,” John told him quietly. “I’m only taking your pulse.”
Sherlock leans forward, kissing his cheek, smiling against his skin. "You just put Rosie back to sleep. We shouldn't risk waking her up again."
“I haven’t written anything into it for a while, so you can take your time,” Sherlock answered. John actually wanted to read those scribbles. What has he done to deserve so much admiration in this respect? Not that he minded. No, he didn’t mind at all.
»No, you don’t. You just pretend to hate them,« John chuckled and dragged him off the sofa.
“There’ll be treats, then?”
“Oh fuck, ahh, Sher– Sherlock, I’m–“ he stammered in arousal, thighs jittering and his breath coming short.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock answered. “I was just worried something might have happened.”
“What are you–“ John asked breathlessly between kisses, “What do you want?”
He cleaned out his mouth with the offered water and let John take his temperature again. “40,5°C.”
“Okay.” John’s fingers caressed his scalp. “I know we don’t have forever – at least not for now. But I want to wait, too. Even if my brain seems to be the only part of me to accept that.”
“I agree,” Sherlock smiled. “Every day ending with a solved crime is a good day.”
Sherlock sighed wearily. »That’s a shame. I thought it might work.«
»Oh dear, you were awake?« John chuckled and removed his hand from Sherlock’s face; he almost reached out to hold it, but he didn’t. »Well, I’m glad there are still some things you don’t know.«
Sherlock blushed when he thought of last night even though nothing happened. Of course it meant something to him, but it was probably nothing to John. If it meant something to him, he wouldn’t act so … normal. He was surely going to tell him it was a mistake and it he didn’t wish for it to happen again any minute now.
, Sherlock thought while he buttoned up his best white shirt.
John’s hands were on his wrists, pulling them away from Sherlock’s red eyes. He was still paler than he should be, but they had made it through the night and John couldn’t be more relieved.
Irene’s insistence was insufferable. She kept asking during classes they shared, during lunch breaks, even on the way home until Sherlock took a different tube to get home. It lasted for days and days on end until Sherlock decided to simply skip classes on the last day.
“I’m sorry, I really am,” John told him and Sherlock saw in John’s weary eyes he was telling the truth this time. At least he was being honest when it came to apologising.
“Here drink this.”
"After Harry had come out to our parents, she packed her bags and from that night onwards, she slept elsewhere. At friends'. Girlfriends'. I don't know. I rarely saw her. Things went downhill after that. She dropped out of school, started drinking…"
Sherlock smiled into his cup.
only for them to widen when the voice of a middle-aged woman addressed him. “Hallo, junger Mann! Unser Yoga-Kurs fängt gleich an. Also wenn Sie teilnehmen möchten, sind Sie herzlich willkommen, ansonsten benötigen wir den Platz­–“
Sherlock’s eyes were closed and his chest was heaving when John entered the sitting room again.
“I’ve done this a couple of times, unlike you it seems.”
“Once or twice, I’m not a dancer as you might know,” John chuckled apologetically.
“Are you sad about the break-up?”
“I always noticed you. I just never knew how to approach you,” John rasped, pressing his lips to his cheekbone, his jaw, and the prominent tendon on his neck.
Not always, Sherlock wanted to say, but he held his tongue. He would tell him as soon as he heard back from Mycroft. No uncertain truths. They only created false hopes – the last thing they needed.
With that, he let his hands run from the middle to Sherlock’s sides, stroking and smoothing over the straining muscles once more, making Sherlock sigh heavily. God, he could keep doing this all night.
The problem was just there was such a broad range of things he could get him and yet none of those were suitable. None of them was enough. None of them was
Sherlock woke up in the hazy glow that fell into their room in the morning with his face nuzzled into the crook of John’s neck. He opened his eyes and lost himself in the darkness and drowsiness that lay in John’s.
The colour in his cheeks fades a little. “You’re right, I suppose.”
“That surprises me. I bet all the girls ran after you at school,” John grinned.
Sherlock gasps out a laugh, but can't keep his hips from bucking upwards once more. Grinning, John trails his lips over his belly, slowly, teasing, and presses open-mouthed kisses over his skin. Sherlock's fingers grip the sheets in anticipation, widening the grin on John's lips. His head falls back against the soft pillow, breathing unevenly. His eyes close as soon as he feels John's mouth on him again. He engulfs the tip first, licking, sucking, swirling his tongue through the pre-come. He watches Sherlock all the time. He knows his reactions by now; what makes him squirm, moan, writhe under his hands, his fingertips, his mouth, his tongue.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, still unable to form a proper reply.
“The first time I stayed out until two in the morning, I was at Mycroft’s office, discussing some serious matters–“
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes in mock annoyance. "Predictable."
“Get away from him.” John tossed his head from one side to the other.
He sits there as if he’s watching a romantic comedy in the cinema. Damn that mouth.
“Well, I can tell you that was pretty phenomenal."
“Why? Isn’t it true?”
He has a point there. He had needed this. No matter the emotional strain, even though it had been horrendous.
When he heard the door of John’s room click shut, he closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. He decided to clean up the mess he left on the kitchen table and took his time with it. He was going to apologise because that’s what one does, isn’t it? But not right away. John surely wanted some alone time and Sherlock couldn’t blame him. Of course, he was difficult to be with and even though John knew that, Sherlock mentally punched himself for not being a bit nicer to the very best man who has ever walked into his life.
John opened his mouth to speak, but he was cut off by the waitress. “Haben die Herren schon einen Blick auf die Karte geworfen– Oh!”
His speech is horrible, about their short time of knowing each other and how she is the best thing that could have happened to him, and then she interrupts it and agrees with him.
A kiss on Sherlock’s temple made him smile and lift his head to lean in and initiate another proper kiss. He was addicted to the feeling of John’s mouth against his own, of his tongue licking along his lips, asking to be let in before it found Sherlock’s tongue, searching, probing and teasing, only touching briefly at the beginning before he licked into his mouth and kissed him achingly slowly this time.
John sees a bright light in the distance; as though he has to make his way through a tunnel, reach the end and step into the light, but he all but succumbs to the darkness.
"I'm sure the others will find their way home," John said decidedly and took him by the hand to go.
John would disappear down the stairs, carrying Rosie with one arm and a bag with all her things with the other. The seventeen steps have never felt this hard to walk down than in the evenings after a draining shift at the clinic when the thought of a 45-minute cab drive was omnipresent in his head. Or so he thought – because going back home after a seemingly endless stay at a hospital that was even longer after having pissed off one's best friend after an embarrassing round of self-pitying and not having had the opportunity to apologise properly to said best friend is even harder.
“In the right cabinet, middle shelf.” Sherlock sighs and gets up from the tub. John isn’t having it.
mind?”
He let go of the ball and used all of the strength in his arms to splash huge waves of water into John’s direction. “Hey!” he giggled. “What do you think you’re doing?” He held his hands in front of his face for a moment before he joined the game.
He wants him to elaborate on this, but Sherlock doesn’t do him the favour, so John sits down in his old armchair. It’s still welcoming and comfortable. This is where he belongs.
»Hmm,« Sherlock grumbled from the sofa, not really wanting to move at all. »I’m beginning to regret my decision of going to my parents’ house for Christmas Dinner.«
He looked around the room and found it very inviting. There were books on his desk and the windowsill just next to the bed. His shelf was also stuffed with them. Most of them were science books or studies on different subjects, like bees.
“Thank you.” Sherlock offered a small smile and John’s heart almost shattered to pieces when he realised he had never seen Sherlock so wrecked.
,« Sherlock murmured. »Am I not allowed to change my mind?«
He shook his head and pushed away the nagging thoughts that were ever-present in his head. Having put on his swimming trunks, changed into light beach clothes, he grabbed his bag and his blanket and went to the beach.
"I am afraid we cannot let him stay." The nurse is insistent. She looks at Sherlock who rises. He grabs John's hand and squeezes it before he says, "I'll be back tomorrow. I promise."
“Of course he was a dog! He was my dog, an Irish Setter.”
John kisses him hard, parting Sherlock’s lips and darting his tongue into his mouth. It’s wet and messy and desperate, but he doesn’t care. “You matter a great deal, too,” he huffs out when they pull apart for air, “you have for so long. I’ve
»If you don’t feel the same or if you still haven’t changed your opinion on relationships, you just have to believe me this is not going to affect our friendship,« John added, worried he might have broken Sherlock or overwhelmed him even more.
“God!” He jumps in surprise, torn away from the intimate moment and thrown back into reality when Mrs Hudson stands behind him. “John! What are you doing here? I thought you’d still be in hospital today!”
He turned around and wanted to inquire how John knew about it when the picture of himself and the Irish Setter he had drawn when he was six years old came into view.
31st January 2017, 00:53 am
"No, it's not," John protests, forcing himself to keep his voice at a low level for the sake of not waking Rosie up. "It's not, and we both know it. You stabbed that thing to the damn wall. I wrote it when I was drunk and out of my mind, and you … you almost–" John's voice breaks, and he begins to sob. It's probably the alcohol lowering his barriers, but at this moment, he just doesn't care. Sherlock has seen him cry before. So to hell with it.
“You can’t be serious.” John sat up and looked at him as if this was ridiculous and unbelievable.
“You’re back on your feet, I see.”
Kudos, bookmarks and comments are greatly appreciated as always! :)
When he reaches the bottom of the stairs and stands in the doorway to the living room, he finds Sherlock gone. His heartbeat picks up instantly and an ache starts to build in his chest. Didn’t he want to wait?
Sherlock doesn't reply. That's a first. He presses his lips together, and now, he is the one staring at the ground.
“What about your back?” Sherlock wanted to know.
Sherlock's hands flew smoothly over the fabric of John's shirt, only a thin layer of cotton between his fingertips and John's chest. John wasn't the only one who had learnt Sherlock's body's responses to touch.
“I am–“
He wanted all this to be over. He wanted to believe John meant all this. He wanted to be sure they were getting back to what they used to be.
"The water is getting cold," Sherlock breathes as he runs his hands up and down John's sides, making him squirm a little. "We should hop in."
Sherlock started kissing him as soon as the door fell shut behind them. John pressed his body against Sherlock's, reciprocating eagerly. They would have stood there forever if it hadn't been for Mrs Hudson who they knew was at home, behind a very thin door. She might be old, but her hearing had not suffered one bit over the years.
He played until his fingers throbbed and felt as if they were going to start bleeding any second, when the ache in his shoulders began to overwhelm him and his legs lost their ability to hold him upright.
»You don’t think of it as a distraction anymore then?«
Tears gather in John’s eyes as he pushes back the chair and almost stumbles when he gets up. Sherlock holds out his hand as if he expects John to fall and wants to be ready to catch him. It’s been a long fall for John, and when he hit the ground, nobody has caught him. Too late for a little movement of his hand.
not about getting it on. At least not yet. Sherlock wanted it; he was sure of that, but not yet. At some point in the future. Within the next couple of months, certainly. He was aware that their time together was limited, but he didn't want to keep thinking about that. After all, they had only just gained the most fantastic thing he could have hoped for, and he simply didn't want to waste all of his thoughts to the end of it. It wouldn't be the end. It would just be …
John stares at him, willing the tea to finally cool, so he could drink it without burning his tongue every time.
He doesn't know where he is, or when. He just knows that he
Sherlock probably has similar thoughts about wanting to eat him alive because his pupils elevate and almost swallow his entire irises.
“So if he hadn’t said yes, you wouldn’t have asked me?” Sherlock snorted quietly. “You laugh at every threat he utters and then go and ask for his blessing?”
Sherlock stretched a little and turned in John’s tight embrace. His hand came to rest on John’s waist and his gaze wandered up to his eyes.
Sherlock tore off the wrapping paper and looked at the carton box, trying to deduce the content. It was middle size, bigger than he had expected. He opened it with careful fingers, as John had told him to.
“What do you think happens at a beach full of sand?” Sherlock asked, sitting down next to John.
“That’s what people have told you all your life, haven’t they?” John asked him, still looking down at their hands for a moment before lifting his gaze. “That you’re the problem?”
John bites his lip, nodding. "That first evening at Angelo's," he begins but trails off soon after, not knowing how to express his thoughts.
Sherlock lifts his head and looks at him. His gaze is stern and disbelieving. “Don’t be ridiculous, John.”
“Guys, come over here! Holmes just admitted that he’s a faggo––––“
Mycroft falls quiet for a moment before he goes on. “She was Jim Moriarty’s right hand.”
Propping his head on his hand, he turned towards Sherlock. “Are you tired?” he asked.
________________________________________
He had completely forgotten.
"You couldn't afford me, anyway."
“Why would I?”
“Don’t be absurd. I can handle this.”
When the song ended, John released him, but Sherlock wouldn’t let go of him just yet. Utterly filled with adrenaline from probably the most mesmerising four minutes of his life, he leant down to capture John’s lips. Reality hit them hard when they took in the loud cheers and whistles and applause around them.
” Bill and Greg shouted at the same time, looking at each other with the biggest grins for having had the same thoughts before they burst out roaring like drunk teenagers having the time of their lives.
Sherlock blinked himself back to reality for several seconds.
He stretched his arm and invited him closer, so Sherlock budged up towards him, resting his head on John’s shoulder and folding his arm around his middle. John’s hand found its way into Sherlock’s hair again, stroking it gently, his fingers twirling a few errant curls. Sherlock wanted him to keep doing this all night, and longer.
“You should’ve thought of that before you brought him home,” Sherlock said, totally amazed by how adorable the little dog was. “Does he have a name yet?”
Sherlock hissed when John’s hand touched the part of his back that started to change colour from his normal skin tone to blue-purple-ish. John was as gentle as possible and a few seconds later, Sherlock got used to the slight pressure on his still aching back.
“Of course.”
John made love to him and his slow and gentle and loving movements nearly suffocated him. His lips traced Sherlock’s external ear, letting him shiver and hum and moan.
He heard his dark and dangerous laugh and saw the enraged smile on his lips, the coldness that lay in his eyes whenever he was angry or mischievous.
When Sherlock woke up, he yawned and turned onto his side sleepily, reaching out to touch the empty space beside him. He sighed; of course John would be gone. He should’ve known. The pillow still bore the indentation of John’s head, but he must’ve left the bed a long time ago because the sheets were cold now.
He had never seen the point in attending such events, dancing among badly-smelling people who were of the opinion they were good dancers, flatly singing along to the horribly cheesy Christmas songs, their favourite being
“John,” Sherlock whispered, turning his head to look at him and lifting his hips, rubbing against John’s still clothed middle to show him what he was incapable of saying.
The expression on John’s face was indescribable. His eyes looked like the depth of the ocean, calm, peaceful, his lips curled upwards in an inviting smile. Probably at the sight in front of him. He had rendered him speechless and vulnerable. He allowed him to be vulnerable and open without feeling exposed. Always making sure he was feeling good and enjoying what they did.
“I assume you told her a lot about my charming personality, then,” John answered with a bantering grin.
Sherlock is laughing now. "Oh, John. She inspired me to write the song, as she was a very clever woman indeed. The song I wrote then merely expressed my admiration for her intelligence. I have not ever been even remotely interested in her – even if that wasn't exactly mutual." He shakes his head at the memory of Irene's flirting attempts. And the 58 texts. Yes, he still counts.
John’s knuckles turned white when he balled them into fists.
He knew John had been to Tesco’s. He’d bought the yoghurt after all, but was probably in there for less then five minutes. Sherlock wanted to grab him by the shoulders and ask him where he really was, but if John didn’t want him to know, Sherlock had to accept it.
John lets himself be guided to the bathroom.
»John!«
“It’s not as bad as you think,” Sherlock tried, but John just grinned and shook his head.
God, he wants to leave this place and go home.
John met Mary in May, and now it's November already. It's been six months, and John is feeling brave tonight. He has to because moving on is painful and challenging, but he has to. Mary is kind, and she is beautiful. She is loving and caring, and she listens.
»Everything’s marvellous,« Sherlock grumbled and turned away from him, curling up into a ball like a very distressed child.
“I’d make a fool of myself.”
started playing and John whirled them around, trying to dance a foxtrot that did not truly work out for the long run. Sherlock laughed at his failed attempt and began to lead and guide him in a way that at least their steps were coordinated and matched with the rhythm.
Sherlock wanted to cry. He could hear a quiet sigh escaping his throat as he let his own eyes fall shut. Utter joy filled his body, flooding every vein, every little capillary inside him. He could feel his heartbeat in his ears. Everything within him seemed to stop functioning entirely, every process was reversed, and every part of his body felt as if he just decided to get onto a rollercoaster.
»As long as it’s not the Barbie version,« Sherlock murmured at which Allie just shook her head.
“Oh, I can’t wait for the tricks,” John grinned. “I bet you tricked everyone who didn’t give you treats as a child during your Halloween tour.”
Mycroft's hand was resting on his shoulder, squeezing it, trying to be reassuring the evening would still be nice; they were about to leave for dinner in his favourite restaurant. It had taken a lot of persuasion on Mycroft's part because Sherlock had refused to wear pants at all on that day once he heard Oma Karla wouldn't visit. There was no point in getting dressed afterwards. The rest of the family wasn't worth it. She was currently telling John all this, yes even the pants part. His mother had talked to her later when she was well again, letting her know he wasn't even motivated enough to dress properly when he heard the news. John chuckled a little, feeling mostly empathetic. He seemed to understand there was a deep bond between him and grandma; there always had been.
Those were more people than he expected.
Sherlock found himself staring at John's bare chest. It wasn't the first time, and yet it felt as though it
Completely immersed in it, he startled when someone suddenly touched his shoulder. Looking up, he stared into a now familiar face smiling down at him.
Sherlock cocks an amused eyebrow. “I can’t have been that bad.”
He hurried to move away from the door, but when he heard John call out his name once more, he froze in fear.
, John thinks and grins into the kiss. He thinks of the song Sherlock wrote for him, exposing his innermost feelings, what he's been wanting and longing for all this time.
“Someone who’d rather stay in the shade,” he answered sheepishly.
“I can’t.”
“Oh yes, a sufficient amount for now,” Sherlock agrees hastily. “But a regular repetition will be absolutely inevitable as the results always have to be up to date.”
Sherlock had caught a glimpse of him playing volleyball earlier and noticed him and his three other friends speaking English. He sat up and rubbed the back of his head. “It’s all right.”
»You know I hate everyone working there. They’re such complete idiots,« Sherlock mumbled, looking up from his microscope.
John smiled sleepily but squeezed his eyes shut again as soon as he moved to reach for him. “Fuck,” he groaned and squeezed his eyes shut. “In any other case, I’d say this was a terrible idea, but actually, it was totally worth it,” he murmured as he rubbed his eyes and then pressed his palms against them.
John turned his head away just in time.
“You’re freezing.”
“Lovely. And you even made it through all the poses. Not every newbie manages that.”
Sherlock let his eyes fall shut. He felt absolutely knackered.
For a long moment, John can’t do anything but stare. Into her face, into Rosie’s, into the air between them. He looks up at Sherlock and sees despair and surrender. He smiles sadly.
What was he supposed to do once John came back? Apologise? Act as if nothing happened? It was not exactly setting the world on fire, was it?
And there it is. The missing train carriage. They find demolition charges inside the tunnel. They’re everywhere. Meant to blow up Parliament. The whole carriage is the bomb. Sherlock reveals that within less than two minutes. John hasn’t even noticed the wires leading up to the giant bomb hidden under a loose panel on the floor.
Sherlock still wasn’t convinced.
»What do you want to do now, Allie?« he asked her. She had allowed him to call her Allie exactly three minutes after she’d arrived.
“That may be true, but let me tell you something,” John whispered and pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “They’re just jealous.”
»If you don’t want to, I’ll go on my own. I’m sure you’re not done with your list yet,« the doctor smiled softly. »I’ll meet you at home.«
When he turned back around, Sherlock had already placed the heart, tree and star-shaped biscuits on the two baking trays. Something was wrong here, though. If you stuck to the recipe, you could easily fill three.
What if he chose to dance with every girl possible? Anyone who made her advances?
When the clouds vaporised in his brain, and his mind was capable of forming thoughts again, it hit him.
“What then?”
“It’s okay,” John laughed. “I know what you mean.”
____________________
»He is indeed,« John agreed with her. »But thankfully Clara, the Nutcracker and his subjects defeat him.«
John looked at Sherlock for clarification. He hadn’t understood. Sherlock, however, had understood him perfectly.
His fingers twist in the denim of his jeans when Sherlock comes back downstairs. He sits next to John on the sofa, awkwardly, both of them staring at the fireplace.
Karla was aware of the risks of getting involved with a soldier, especially because people generally degraded those women to whores who only offered sexual relief to soldiers in exchange for money since everyone was poor after the war. Scott was a charming man, though, unlike many others who were mostly looking for sexual pleasure and quick flings. He was different in several respects. “He was gentle when others were rough, kind when others were aggressive and serious about his promises when others broke them as soon as you turned your back on them,” Karla always said.
John’s voice was beautiful; he held the notes at the end of the stanza like a professional and Sherlock wondered why he had never sung in his presence before. He didn’t have to be shy or self-conscious. He had the voice of a light, it was clear and powerful and yet gentle and smooth.
“Well, he does apparently,” John laughed.
“You really are a lightweight, huh?”
“What the hell are you saying? That I’m not capable of finding someone’s pulse?” John asks indignantly.
“I– um. The um, the girls in front of me were t-talking about you– While I was waiting outside to– to have my ticket checked.”
… as he touched him so reverently, so gently and lovingly.
Sherlock seems to sense his insecurity and thus speaks on. "The point is, that I very much want you – and Rosie – to live here. I could have easily chosen to be alone, as you rightfully pointed out, but I did not. I want you around. I nee–" He stops himself there, drinking a bit of his tea. He clears his throat once and tries to cover his slip that John noticed anyway. “I want you around. Both of you.”
John closed his eyes and enjoyed the soft tune Sherlock coaxed out of it. It almost overwhelmed him. He listened to it and never wanted it to end. It was simply beautiful. He always knew Sherlock was very talented at composing, but here he had definitely created a masterpiece. It was a wonderful tune, one of the most moving songs he had ever had the pleasure of listening to. He sank deeper into his armchair as the music lulled him into another world.
“I thought you would want to sleep with me,” Sherlock told him and then stammered. “I mean, not like that, I mean just–“
“You don’t have to keep denying it, so I keep calm. You only make it worse by telling me I’m not making any sense. This is what happened! Don’t you remember?”
“Who are you texting?” Sherlock asked him.
When he wakes, his entire body hurts. The smell of old, rotten wood burns in his nostrils. Musty. Where the hell has he been taken?
happened quite some time ago. It was never as apparent as it was now, though.
“You don’t,” Sherlock countered, facing him again.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock went back to his book, unable to stop smiling.
Sherlock had imagined they would be greeted by an entire basket of pumpkins when they entered the supermarket, but he was proved wrong. There were none to be seen at all. Determined not to disappoint his daughter and even more determined not to waste any more time than necessary doing the shopping, he walked up to a shop assistant and simply asked. Rosie was quicker, though. “Do you have orange pumpkins?” she asked without even saying hello.
“Are you going back to continue the match?” he asked as he rubbed the lotion in.
John nodded. »You’re right, thanks, mate,« he said quietly and turned his head to see Sherlock was just on his way back to them.
»No, we literally slept together. Just … just that, just sleeping. God, he was having a nightmare and he couldn’t go back to sleep so I– I sang to him. I don’t know what got into me, but– Jesus, Greg I almost changed the words of
“Most certainly,” he sighed instead and turned towards the bar. Maybe a drink would help to stop his brain from telling him constantly and repeatedly how much of a bad idea this had been. So he ordered a gin and tonic.
He had told her before dinner that he has to ask her something, and she had excused herself to go to the restroom in the best moment possible. He had only just taken the breath to pop the question, and she had to leave. His life is full of irony.
802 days, 20 hours and 12 minutes after the moment that soon wouldn’t matter anymore, John sat in his armchair, typing.
John's lids start dropping again, hanging heavy over his eyes. It seems so lovely, the idea of floating back to sleep, being lulled in by comforting dreams…
John pulled off slowly, smoothly.
»It’s on me,« he told Sherlock and handed him a cup of mulled wine while sipping at his own. Sherlock took a sip and almost burned his tongue.
Sherlock turns his head ever so slightly so John can catch a glimpse of his profile, his eyes still half-closed. Sherlock opens his mouth to say something but evidently, decides against it. He just nods in thanks. He slowly makes his way to his chair, gently putting the violin back into its case. "I hope I didn't wake you."
»It can’t be worse than feeling as if you’re about to die from boredom,« John told him. »Come on.«
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock frowns at him. “… Renovating the flat?” he repeats, dumbfounded. “Why would I need to renovate the flat? If this is about Rosie, I can assure you there are no experiments within her reach–“
"I know," is all John says. "I finally understand why you did it now. It's fine. It's all fine." He manages a smile, but it comes across as rather forced. His fingers twitch.
“Course not,” he agreed in mock sincerity. “You brought your swimming trunks, then?”
“Tachycardia,” John answered as he rummaged through the medical bag, looking for liquid aspirin. He reached for another syringe, tore the package open and prepared the injection into the IV.
"Well," Sherlock says quietly, gesturing around the flat, "I suppose we've always been in some sort of mess, haven't we? I figure the mess we're in now, as you call it, shouldn't bother either of us at all."
Sherlock sighed. Giving in, he stood up and went to get his shoes. He reached into one of them and revealed a little present. He ripped off the wrapping paper and opened the small velvet box. Inside it was a new magnifying glass. Sherlock took it out and examined it for several seconds. It was slightly bigger than his current one and it looked quite noble.
a romantic again.”
“Your sister.”
“Your
, it’s right.”
“There was no point in me staying,” Sherlock tells him.
John smiled so brightly his cheeks hurt. His arms tightened around Sherlock’s body and just a moment later, he felt something wet on his neck. A few happy tears fell from Sherlock’s eyes as pure relief flooded him. His face was wet from all the tears, but neither he nor John minded.
“You might be interested in the events that occurred last night.”
»Shush now,
He wraps his arms around her and presses a kiss to her hair.
They fall quiet for a while, but no words are needed. Just them waking up slowly, becoming one with the reality they thought was lost. A reality they never expected to be an option. Not after all the wasted opportunities, the chances that were within their grasp but slipped away before they gathered up the courage to reach for them.
»So when you were gone–, I don’t even want to think about it or dwell on it anymore. I just want you to know that I never got over you not being in life anymore. There was Mary, yes, but you were always on my mind. It was like you kept haunting me and I knew why, Sherlock, I just didn’t want to accept it because accepting it would’ve made the situation much worse.
"It was about my father," John told him and looked up at Sherlock who was still leaning against the pillows he had plumped up so he could sit up a little. "My family is totally fucked up. I should probably tell you beforehand."
"I need you," John whispers into Sherlock's shirt, the words slipping out between sobs without him really wanting to. "I need you, Sherlock, I …"
“My calf,” Sherlock uttered in a quiet groan. “It doesn’t stop.”
“Let’s see how I’ll pay you back for this,” John grinned as he released his wrists and moved down his body, leaving a trail behind with his tongue. He took his cock into his mouth without any further ado and no warning, and it took all of Sherlock’s self-control not to scream.
One could admire somebody’s physical appearance and one’s traits without being “gone on” said someone, could one not?
Or would he reject this offer? Was their short and yet intimate acquaintance too brief after all? Was it too much to ask John to spend Christmas with him? Would he agree? Would it be reserved and reluctant?
Sherlock laughs at that, still managing to control his breathing somehow. “True, that. Well, not quite.”
mind.”
“Yeah, or in dark alleys when you come back from a party, huh?”
“Sherlock …” John reached out to touch his arm, but Sherlock pulled away instantly.
Involuntarily, John's hands rise and grab Sherlock's shirt at his sides, Sherlock’s fingers never ceasing to play.
“Oh, I’d love to see that,” John grinned and swallowed another fork of pasta.
He wakes with a start, shaking from anger, desperation and arousal. His erection makes itself known painfully in his pants. His hand has already travelled down there. All he has to do is …
The signs of withdrawal were going to set in gradually, he was sure, and they had to make it back to the flat before it happened.
"Sorry, I didn't–"
“You’re very pale, Liebling,” Karla stated. “Come, let’s go to the living room and talk about this over a cup of tea. I’ll make some.”
"I suppose I do," Sherlock says, his voice a mere whisper. John glances at him quickly, seeing the detective's face washed over by pain at the memory of what happened when John broke down in Culverton's favourite room. "But as I said back then, it was your right to … do what you did."
Sherlock shrugged. »You’re terrible at keeping a secret, especially this one. Didn’t even take me a second to figure out where you’d put it.«
Sherlock snuggled into John, wrapping himself around him. »Don’t you want to get up?« John asked him with a fond smile.
He forgot his own desire and his need for being touched when John started grinding against him. He swallowed the curse that threatened to break loose and let out a low moan instead.
John took him to the Hyde Park Winter Wonderland Christmas market he’d already visited a couple of days ago after he went Christmas shopping with his flatmate. It was absolutely amazing in his opinion and it was exactly what Sherlock needed: Variety and a bit of fun.
“We’re almost there.”
“God, Sherlock. You have no idea,” was John’s answer.
John staggers and doubles over, convulsing in pain. His breathing is ragged; his vision goes blurry. He has no strength to scream. The second bullet has pushed through his chest. Or his abdomen? He cannot tell.
“That, too,” Greg agreed enthusiastically. “See, finally someone who understands me.”
Suddenly, there’s the hint of a smile tugging at the corners of Sherlock’s mouth.
He has dreamt of doing this with a ghost version of Sherlock for so long, and now he is back, and he gets to do this for real. It is a miracle. The one he has been asking for over and over again when he stood by Sherlock's grave and brought him flowers.
A few cups of mulled wine with amaretto later, they were both very cheerful and giggly and then John came to the idea of hiring skates.
Sherlock smiles disbelievingly and locks eyes with him. "Yes. Molly, Mrs Hudson, Lestrade. And you."
“No, I’m just curious,” John grinned, shrugging.
"We have indeed," Sherlock tells him, his lips curling upward. "But back to the point, it would never work out, John. I'm not interested in her the way she is interested in me, which is purely physical, I can assure you. Besides, I think I am allowed to decide I'd rather not engage in a ‘relationship' – I'm not entirely certain it could be called that – of that nature."
"Of course, let's order dessert. What would you like?" He forces himself to smile. She notices and takes his hand.
“I’m waking my grandma.”
"No, but ta." Again, it's John who answers – Sherlock is already busying himself with the microscope.
Sherlock's left hand comes up to John's face, and for a moment there he thinks Sherlock is going to cup his cheek. Subconsciously, John turns his face toward the hand, but Sherlock only wipes a single tear away. John feels stupid, but as he locks eyes with Sherlock again, there is no amusement in them.
“I need more.”
She squeezed his hands forcefully. “You know exactly who will be there,” she whispered knowingly.
»John!« Sherlock called after him, but John had already dashed downstairs and let the front door snap shut. The detective groaned and went back to his experiment, though he couldn’t focus anymore. What was so spectacular about a few snowflakes (that weren’t even real snowflakes)? It was just water that froze to ice crystals (well, not quite) because of the cold weather. Why would John throw a tantrum because Sherlock wasn’t interested in this natural phenomenon, as John would probably call it?
But Sherlock didn’t answer and just kept going.
Sherlock never stays to get him off. He always disappears before John can. He brings him so close, but John continually makes the same mistake in his dreams. He reaches out to touch him.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered and John helped him get up. Sherlock almost collapsed in John’s arms, but John’s grip was firm and steady. He sat down on the chair whilst John changed the sheets and put a new cover on the pillow as quickly as he could manage. Sherlock nearly dozed off on the hard item of furniture.
“Idiot,” John answered lovingly and reached for the zipper of his rugby jacket, slipping out of it in almost no time. “Here you are.” He wound the jacket around Sherlock’s shoulders, helping him to put it on.
