Tony frowned. “Why wouldn’t I be-”
“This isn’t so bad,” Tony allowed, from his place in the middle of the mass.
“Alright then.” Steve said, “let’s head out. Tony, you fly ahead of the quinjet and let us know what we’re up against.”
They came to an older prototype of the Dora Milaje’s spear. ‘Older,’ meaning, ‘in use currently so according to Shuri outdated already.’
“Barton, Romanoff. You’re both okay?” Tony persisted.
“Since before Wakanda’s borders opened?”
Steve blanched. “Uh. No. I, that is to say we, didn’t think of that. Is that what it is?”
Gorilla guy was looking angry now. “What weapons?”
“Takeout it is! Do we want Shawarma? I’m feeling shawarma.”
Praises spilled past T’challa and M’baku’s lips like a waterfall, telling him how well he took it, how good he looked, how good he was-
“You need to change.” Cap said. He didn’t even reprimand Tony’s language, which meant he was
The rules were simple: when it was your turn you picked the activity, but the others had veto power (it had to be unanimous). One could trade their turn to another in exchange for favors. Everyone had to participate (within reason).
Apparently he’d wanted company, because instead of going to his room to sleep, Bruce found Tony curled up on the living room couch on his way to cook dinner.
Oh. Right, the continuing of the bad. (besides for being knocked out of the sky and sent on what was apparently a false mission) Wet clothes in the cold = pneumonia, Tony’s brain informed him
It wasn’t a planned thing. Actually, it was Dum-E’s fault. Sleep-deprived Tony had thought giving Dum-E his social media access was a good idea for some reason. But either way, it had happened. Tony found himself turning towards his phone camera and explaining in great detail exactly what he was doing- besides for the top secret SI/Avengers stuff, obviously. Later, he’d been informed his Instagram Live Story was extremely popular. Ah, so that’s what Dum-E had been beeping so excitedly about. Tony being Tony, he shrugged and went along with it. Instagram Live building sessions became a regular thing of his.
M’baku smiled smugly at him. “I can most definitely arrange that.”
They took turns bringing food down to Tony since he often forgot to eat. If they said they’d made it and needed someone to try it, he’d always be willing to give it a few bites.
“Tony?” Steve whispered.  “Are you still awake?”
Okay look, this was honestly a mess™ but I thought it was hilarious bc I’m a loser. I took some liberties oops.
Either way, enjoy!
Nat frowned. “I was hoping one of us would just … know.”
“No!” Steve blurted out. He winced. “I mean, yes, we have but it’s not what you think. Please stay, sweetheart. We’ll explain, I swear.”
Tony turned around, an eyebrow raised. “Yeah?”
Imagine Tony seeing Wakandanese weapons for the first time and within literal minutes he knows how to use one, and the boys are just like "whut" "guys, I used to build weapons I know how this stuff works no matter how high tech." (requested by anonymous on tumblr)
----------
“Wait- You- Obie?” No. it couldn’t be. Maybe some other person, using Obadiah’s identity.
In the end they moved to Tony’s giant bed after dinner and they all got the chance to cuddle him and each other at once.
Prompt: T'Challa finding out that M'Baku, who hates all outsiders with a fiery, burning passion, has been having an ongoing tryst with Tony Stark for literally *years* and continually snuck him into the country just for cuddles. (From @Shi-Toyu on Tumblr)
The man shrugged. “Yes, big enough to carry you around if you’d like.” He nodded at Tony. “M’baku. Leader of the Jabari tribe. Princess Shuri allows me entrance into her lab when I’m bored.”
“Yeah,” Clint said. He licked his lips, and Tony flashed back to how he’d done it this morning, suggestively. Now it seemed more … shy? “But I’m like, really glad Tony. Because you know, I really like you.”
Well no, they couldn’t really regret it. The rest of the team was perfectly welcoming and down for well … there was someone for anything.
A dead silence dropped when Tony began to stir, making the cutest lil snuffling noises.
“Go to sleep Tony.”  Clint mumbled.
“So now I’ll know whenever Tony’s doing one?” Bucky asked, just to be certain.
“Yes.”
“On it.”
“Tony,” Steve said softly, “truth or dare?”
Tony was too caught off guard to speak.
“So does anyone have an idea of what made everything stop working?” Clint asked
They decided to do teams for the next game, humans against super soldiers. Bucky ‘incapacitated’ Clint by pinning him up against the wall and whispering seductively dirty secrets in his ear and shot him. Tony was no match for the super soldiers on his own, so they won round two.
“Tony? Honey?”
“How are we supposed to figure it out?” Bruce asked.
“What can I say? I used to work the booths, I know all the secrets.”
“He likes coffee.”
it meant that Clint didn’t return his feelings and was being nice to him anyways. Ouch.
He’d still been torn when Bucky and Tony had formed a strange bond over technology. Bucky let Tony build him a new arm and work on it whenever he’d liked. Tony explained things to Bucky who was simply fascinated by all the fancy gadgets the future had to offer. One thing had led to another and Steve had woken up one morning to their happy announcement. He could have sworn they’d both glanced at him when they’d said it. Probably wondering who he’d give the shovel talk to, considering they were his two best friends. And now he got to be jealous of both of them.
“I want them on my cock,” M’baku agreed. He started divesting himself of his own garments. T’challa followed suit.
Thor nodded gravely. “Indeed. The best.”
Nobody bought it. She obviously had a soft spot for the genius. They all did.
There was skepticism written all over Tony’s face but no one else seemed to find this request strange, so he went with it.
“Is it nightmares?”  Natasha asked quietly.
Prompt: After Wakanda is introduced to the world Tony pays them a visit. Shuri leaves him alone for a second to check on something and M’Baku swoops in to flirt. (From @Lupinthealchemist on Tumblr)
“I’ll cook it,” Clint said hastily. (looked like the scientists would be eating pizza for lunch).
It was after a battle with yet another alien race when Steve and Bucky found out the truth. They’d been with Tony for a while now, and they thought they knew all there was to know about him. He was allergic to seafood, loved cuddling, hated things being handed to him by people he didn’t trust, and he was all around kind of a reckless fool who refused to look after his health properly, but would let Steve and Bucky (and sometimes even the other avengers) do it for him.
When it was Clints turn, he’d scrounged up games from the internet, all of which required a lot of human contact.
Although honestly, what was more worrying was the fact that he’d been taken straight out of King T’challa’s heavily guarded palace and the Dora Milaje weren’t exactly easy – or possible – to get past.
The team bonding nights continued on after that.
“Sounds like a good time,” Nat said. Obviously one of them would be dragging him out of the workshop later. “Hey, can you get me sugar?”
He’d gone upstairs to find the rest of the team assembled already.
“Stevie.” Bucky rolled his eyes affectionately. “You wanna know what Tony an’ I bonded over the most?”
“Sort of.” Tony winced. He sounded
To Tony’s dismay, Steve started sitting up, and the other Avengers began stirring.
“You were supposed to eat dinner with my family tonight,” he said. “You never came.”
“Your hands …” T’challa breathed. “They do things so well.”
“Ahh, don’t blame him,’ M’baku said, waving his hand dismissively. “I told him I wanted you to warm my bed if you were so willing. He didn’t know about Stane.”
Tony was really having an off day.
“None taken.” Steve said. “But us guys can take our shirts off if you’re okay with that?”
It was only a day before they started to regret that decision.
Thor gave them both a kiss. “I am pleased you came to join us this morning, beloved.”
“I have an extra pair of pants.” Bruce said, “courtesy of the Hulk. Please keep the underpants on though.”
Tony had never joined them for breakfast before. Also … he was barefoot. And he was tiny. Everyone stopped chattering and a silence fell as they all took him in. Tony froze.
Bruce enjoyed helping people more than ever.
Finally they were all sweaty and sated, collapsed in a warm breathless tangle.
“You- you already are.”
It turned out Peppers paperwork could wait. A long, long time.
“What are you going to do with the armor?”  Bruce asked.
Everyone looked at him.
“They’re the ones with the cart,” Clint explained. “You didn’t think this was all we were getting, did you?”
Steve wrapped his own arms around Tony, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. “Morning, sweetheart.”
“We’ll make sure you get a good nights sleep?” Steve offered from behind Bucky. “We’ve all had a long day, sweetheart. Let us take care of you.”
Luckily, Steve wasn’t above resorting to begging. “Please,” he said. “We just want to make him happy. He’s so distant. We-”
“I’m not going to kill you,” the man said.
“We’ve tried,” Bucky said miserably. “Three times. He got a call about Dum-E the second we opened our mouths.”
“You’re shivering.” She interrupted.
Steve stepped forward with a far too forced smile. “Let me take that for you.”
Clint still liked having fun.
Steve’s face contorted in worry and he went to the back of the plane, rummaged through storage, and handed Tony a blanket.
“So that you and Stark could.” T’challa stopped short. M’baku was wearing pants. Tony was fully clothed. They had both been asleep. “Cuddle?”
“You- you still have Dum-E with you,” Bucky said dumbly, staring at the cage far too hard.
“Alright, alright.” Tony rolled his eyes. “Now didn’t you fellows promise me a full nights sleep?” He cuddled into them more closely.
Steve sighed. “I’ll do it. I’m sure he’ll be willing to tell me, one soldier to another.”
Steve had the pleasure of giving Tony a massage. The man was
“ … Human contact,” Bruce admitted. “Even on a scientific level, touch is proven to decrease depression, trigger endorphins and oxytocin. You can literally go insane without it.”
Like a real family.
“Alright, lemme take a look.”  Tony inspected Bucky’s arm with an intensity and gentleness that made his stomach swoop. “Nothing looks wrong, but if you say it’s sticking then I believe you. Could be the weather. I’ll oil it up for you, and that should take care of the problem.”
Tony’s face when he fell off of a stack made of Clint and Thor and into Steve’s arm that night was priceless.
Overall the team considered that night a success.
Tony’s mouth opened and his eyes widened slightly. “You watch those?”
“It's perfectly safe!” And all that. So safe that they didn't need any protective gear.
“Take your shirt off.” Natasha ordered.
Tony grumbled, but he eventually followed the super soldiers to their shared bedroom.
“There’s an ice cream parlor next door,” The attendant offered. “Um.” She let out a squeaky cough. “Could I get your autographs?”
Tony set his cup down on the counter and attempted to get it for her. “I can’t reach it,” He mumbled petulantly. They all went ‘AWWW’ on the inside.
A second after he pried the quinjet door open (it fell off of its hinges, blasting the team with snow and cold air) the majority of the team verbally attacked him.  Tony and Bruce did not.
Tony shivered and melted a little before recovering his glare. “No! Added to our rules: If I can’t hack into shit, none of us can use out power of seduction. Old fashioned laser tagging only.”
Phil/Clint where they knew Peters parents and when they died they adopt Peter. (From a tumblr anon)
“There’s gotta be something.” Tony muttered to himself.
Thor muscled his way forwards, scooping Tony up and carrying him towards the plane.
When the kerfuffle died down, Tony had already left for his workshop.
At least that was the explanation Bucky came up with.
The other Avengers also managed to incorporate some sort of human contact with their turns. (Preferably amongst themselves although Bruce’s hugs for heart disease idea had been awesome too.)
“Draws less attention if only one or a few of us check out. Oh look, there’s Nat!”
, Tony.”
“None taken.”  Thor assured him.
“Well we all did win a round,” Steve mused. “We should reward ourselves.”
Fury was starting to lose his bluster. “Well you bonded, and that’s the important thing. My plan worked.”
They knew Tony was down to join their relationship. But he didn’t seem to realize that they were down??? And it was all Dum-E’s fault.
M’baku and T’challa’s pupils dilated at the proof of their claim on him.
Prompt: M'Baku at some political meeting with T'Challa and Tony too. M'Baku is standoffish at first, he doesn't like the outsiders much, or the use of vibranium in everything, but warms up somewhat when he realizes how much Tony built without vibranium. (Tony may be as curious and invested in Jabari culture and weapons as he is in shuri's research?) (From @wrenchirps on tumblr)
Arguing started. It wasn’t that they didn’t want to cuddle with each other, but they all saw Tony the least!
Tony huffed. “Fine. But you can’t make me enjoy it.” He trudged reluctantly after Bruce.
"Tony? Tony!” Steve plowed through the snow and dropped at Tony’s side, ripping off the face plate.
“We know he wants us back!” Bucky wailed. “We want to love him so bad! Why won’t Dum-E let us?”
Tony blinked in surprise. “I am?”
Bruce poked his head in. “Knock it off. I already wrote up a schedule. I get first cuddle.”
M’baku stared him down. “Who said that was a lie?”
Bucky finally found his voice. “He really doesn’t know?”
“Okay,” Steve said slowly, “but we’re not going to leave, no matter what. And we want him to quote, 'be selfish’ if that’s what it’s going to take to make him happy.”
Natasha nodded. “And I’m the one bringing them up for movie night.” She gave Thor, Steve, and Clint a kiss on the cheek, turned to Sam and Bucky to say, “Close your mouths boys, or your tongues will fall out.” And then she was gone.
“Truth,” Steve said.
There was no response. Tony realized that of course, if the suit wasn’t functioning, neither was his communications.  He could do nothing except watch the ground rush up to him.
“And the rest of you, of course.” Thor added.
Thor kissed the top of Tony’s head, and then genius was yanked out of his grasp by Natasha, who pressed her own kiss to Tony’s cheek.
the alarm went off.  And Dum-E’s reaction had been to drench him with the fire extinguisher.
Tony quickly tried to apologize but M’baku just rolled his eyes. “Your dumb vibranium weapons will not be defiled if we flirt a little in front of them.”
From tumblr user fandoms-are-my-life-style
Needless to say, they were all surprised when he stumbled into the kitchen on the main floor in a tank top and shorts right as they were all having breakfast.
Tony and Bucky exchanged a glance, making Steve grind his teeth more firmly.
“Or join,” M’baku amended.
“And you’re going like that?”
“You know you don’t have to stay with him.” Steve had entered the room.
Clint waved enthusiastically as they walked up to the duo. He dumped his basket unceremoniously into the cart. “Me and Tony got all the junk.”
“Tony was almost crushed by the quinjet and Bruce could have very well destroyed everything when he hulked out and left us all in the cold with nothing.”  Natasha said evenly.  “It’s pure luck that neither of those things happened.”  While her tone was mild, her expression was making the director feel a little threatened.
“Ha!” Clint said smugly.
More silence as they waited for it to sink in.
“Or join,” Tony said, his voice still muffled.
Tony avoided sleeping at all if he could help it, but one thing he wouldn’t compromise on was sleeping in front of others. The nightmares were bad enough without an audience to experience his pitiful whimpers and screaming himself awake.
Clint handed Steve another blanket, which he wrapped around him and Tony. “You’re still shivering.” He said patiently. “I’m going to warm you up, is all.”
It was totally worth the way all of them tried to kill him the second they woke up.
Steve came over too, looking a little faint. “Sweetheart, I know you don’t like getting checked out by medical but this is a whole new level! You must be in so much pain, don’t downplay it for us.”
Coming from the god/alien, that was saying something.
worried. “
“We’ll call Sam or Nat or Clint to go watch him.” Steve started steering them towards the stairs. “We have been waiting for this moment for far too long for that cat to ruin it again.”
Steve shook his head and dug his fingers a little more firmly into one of the geniuses many tension knots. He felt immense satisfaction as it dissipated and Tony melted a little bit beneath him. “I like giving massages,” he told Tony. “Feel free to come by for one any time.”
“We’ll make you something to soothe your throat,” T’challa promised.
“As will I!” Thor boomed.
Tony groaned and started to stir.
“Yeah yeah, I’m all good.” Tony reassured him. “I’m just a little bit stuck … ”
“I don’t think you’re hearing us.” Natasha stood up.
“We all have nightmares, Tony.”  Clint said quietly.  “I dream about being controlled by Loki almost every night.”  He glance at Thor. “Uh. No offense.”
The others glared at him.
“Of course,” Bucky said easily. There was no question about it. “Anything for you.”
He also wasn’t the only one.  Clint woke up and immediately reached for his bow before realizing where he was.  Steve woke up yelling “Bucky!”  and Bruce curled into him comfortingly.
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” Nat called after them, her sharp green eyes glinting.
“I suggest you stick to Dr. Banner’s schedule,” Jarvis said pleasantly.
Prompt: Alpha Steve omega Tony with them at a gala or something like that where some other omega is flirting with Steve and tony goes over to make sure the person knows Steve is taken... (via @stonys-world on tumblr)
Tony was. Three rounds of raucous enthusiastic sex with two powerful high-libido beasts was enough to put literally the strongest man out of commission for a while. He let his eyes drift shut, blocking out M’baku and T’challa discussing whether they wanted to go for a round four without him.
“We are not close enough with Anthony to determine this. Why not ask someone who is?”
None of them had ever had it before but it turned out, shawarma? Delicious.  Especially when shared with one’s best friends in the world.
“But later,” M’baku said. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. “For now, rest. You must be exhausted.”
To Tony’s relief, Clint kissed him back,
“Oh my GOD that was awful,” Clint wheezed. “Love it when you talk all old-timey babe. It’s hilarious.”
“Guys!!” Clint hollered, “Tony’s never been to a store before so I’m bringing him! Let’s go!”
“Wait, who’s coming?”
“The man of Iron was knocked from the sky when he was acting as our scout.”  Thor growled, crossing his arms, making hs muscles stand out more prominently.  “Our flying ship could have crushed him.”
“We won’t peek, promise.” Clint said, wiggling his eyebrows in a way that implied he’d definitely be peeking. Nat elbowed him.
Bucky, ever observant, said, “Wait, more? The arc reactor is hurting you?”
“That too.”
“Yeah, Can’t sleep.”  Tony tried to pass it off as nothing important.
“Wait have you never…? We’re going right now, get your shoes on.” (Tumblr user tonystarkismyprompt)
There were a few other people in the lab, but they mostly ignored him and he avoided getting in their way. Until- “You know that the princess was only joking.” The words were a question phrased as a statement.
She wrinkled up her nose. “Then not in my lab!”
“Cap and Thor. You guys generate more body heat than the rest of us, so prepare to become our personal heaters.” Natasha announced.
“Same here,” Steve said quietly.
“You hate outsiders,” T’challa said, entirely unable to understand. “Just yesterday you were criticising me for opening Wakanda to the world again.”
T’challa stared at the scene in front of him. And stared. And stared. And stared.
So I'm not sure what this ended up being?  The prompt was: Tony staggering or walking ungracefully before he can catch themselves, shivering long after everyone else has stopped, and scared to sleep around others because of nightmares.
“There’s no fun in clean games, Brucey,” Tony said, shaking his head.
“Eh, i’ll just leave it.”  Tony shrugged dismissively.  “I can just call it back to the tower later, it’ll dig itself out somehow, and if not then I’ve still got plenty of suits.”
“Why?” Tony asked, his eyebrows together.
It was terrifying, looking down at Tony in the hospital bed although scans had shown no permanent rain damage, which was relieving. It seemed he only had a very minor concussion which would probably leave him a bit confused for the next few days.
“Let’s just spit things out and do them until one sticks,” Steve suggested. “He likes his bots?”
“He likes making things explode,” Bruce added. “But I doubt it’s his favorite thing.”
Bucky started prodding them all to the bed. “Doll, we’re sorry we didn’t realize. From now on you’re going to have to let someone check you over after battles even if you think your fine. If you really can’t feel that,” he gestured to Tony’s torso, “then you might someday have damage that can’t be undone. We don’t wanna see you get hurt.”
Steve nodded frantically. “Geez, Tony! I-I mean… you- you’re always adorable. But today …”
They walked to the nearest supermarket despite Tony’s protests that his many cars were at their disposal. Even Thor looked disapprovingly at him for that one.
“The plates,” Bucky said lamely. He was sure it was completely obvious that he was lying, but Tony took him seriously anyways.
“There.” Tony leaned back, taking Steve’s arms and putting them around his midsection. “Satisfied?”
It happened in classic Tony style. He’d refused to go to medical after the battle, which was pretty normal. He swore up and down that he felt fine, so no one insisted. He was usually okay because of his armour anyways.
“Do it.” Bruce agreed.
Luckily, due to inertia, Tony wasn’t crushed. The plane crashed down literal inches from where he was laying.
A chorus of “Hey Tony/Sweetheart/beloved/[insert more pet names here],” rang out.
“Oh.” Tony honestly hadn’t noticed. Now it seemed obvious.
“You-” Steve’s eyes widened in comprehension. “Oh. You . . . like him.”
Tony didn’t look too happy about it as they all layed down, him in the middle as usual. “Only Bruce.”
“Just remember,” Colonel Rhodes said, his voice dangerously low, “I know all your secrets. All of your weaknesses. If you hurt Tony in any way I will not hesitate. You’ll never see me coming.”
Clints face lit up mischievously. “You know what? That’s a great idea. Group cuddle bomb!”
Bruce frowned as Tony stumbled towards them, but he didn’t have time to say anything before Steve was mother henning them.
It only took a few sips before Tony’s throat – although still sore – allowed him to speak.
Steve tried to kiss Tony? Dum-E knocked a glass off the table right in between them, making them jump back. The exact same thing happened with Bucky just a few hours later.
Steve didn’t even realize his reaction was so noticeable. He was too busy feeling sorry for himself because he’d missed his chance.
“Steve and Bucky get the final say.” Tony shrugged. “They probably don’t even know what we’re talking about.”
The first time they tried to ask him out, it seemed to be a coincidence. Right before one of them could get the words out, Tony’s phone rang. It was Clint, panicking because Dum-E had disappeared. They’d gone with him back to his place to help look. Dum-E had been nestled smugly at the top of his closet. Tony still had no idea how he’d managed to get up there, and still didn’t.
Tony called the suit and took off to the coordinates that Jarvis so helpfully provided him with. (He might have dozed off on the way a little, sue him. Jarvis was an excellent co-pilot)
Tony gingerly shimmied out of his pants, trying to keep the blanket somewhat draped around him both to keep warm and protect his teammates eyes.
“Are you flirting with the scientist?” She scolded. “Don’t lead him on like that.”
“Wait, What’s happening?” Tony asked, squirming and bewildered.
T’challa nodded, and held his cock back up to Tony’s lips.
Natasha and Bruce managed to fight through the haze of ‘AWWW’ enough to drag him towards the table.
“No argument here.” Tony grinned, “We still need to educate the old man and the alien on modern life.”
“No. You, you weren’t.” Steve could hardly believe his ears, enhanced hearing and all. “And you’re both … interested?”
Based off of this prompt: “Yo, Stark! What do you want from the store?”
Tony just continued to look politely confused.
There was no use protesting. The archer clearly wasn’t going to take no for an answer.
“Well that’s just great.” Tony said.
All three of them usually slept with their shirts off. They liked the skin-on-skin contact, plus Tony said that the other two were like his own personal heaters.
“This’ll be fun.” Clint chimed in. “Like a slumber party.”
Clint was suddenly in the doorway. “Uh … Cuz shopping can be fun and we’re all dying of boredom here?”
Bruce wasn’t looking too hot.
Then, they finally got their chance. Tony was sending Dum-E to a … cat retreat? Some ridiculous rich person pet thing. But Bucky and Steve didn’t care how ridiculous it was because THEY’D HAVE THEIR CHANCE TO GET WITH TONY.
The man drew himself up proudly, somehow managing to appear even bigger. “I am M’baku. Leader of the Jabari tribe.”
Everyone stared at him.
“Maybe not
Clint had grabbed Tony’s hand again and was pulling him along, talking a mile a minute and pointing things out left and right. He was unfairly adorable, like a blond, short-haired, peppy mutt. A cross between a golden retriever and a corgi maybe, Tony mused.
“Yes!”
“What.” M’baku said, at the same time T’challa said, “How.”
The giant man’s forehead scrunched up in confusion. “You don’t seem very scared, colonizer.”
Tony shrugged and turned his attention back to the (admittedly boring) news.
Bucky nodded and backed out of the camera’s range (he hoped). Sitting on the side, he had an excellent view of Tony leaning over his microwave (Bucky really hoped that wasn’t the main floor’s microwave. If it went missing there would be mutiny) and demonstrating how to properly connect some wires.
“It’s nothing.  Insomnia.”  Tony muttered, refusing to look any of them in the eyes.
Steve’s usually had something to do with learning more about the 21st Century, so generally watching a modern movie, or going to a museum.
“Soft,” Clint crooned. “Fluffy.”
“Thank you. You also have nice arms.”
“Yes, Sergeant Barnes?” Jarvis replied.
“I eat smoothies,” Tony said. “And chocolate.”
“Uh… cause shopping can be fun and we’re all dying of boredom here?”
“Assassin,” Clint reminded him. “It’s my job to notice things.”
Tony sighed. “Not really. Maybe later I’ll have some luck.”
worn out?
Bucky glanced back at the door, shuddered, and took Tony’s hand, pulling him along. “You have no idea, doll. None.”
“Duh.” And then Tony fell asleep again.
The genius shook his head, “Shit, I said that out loud, didn’t I? It’s all good. Thanks for saying that.”
The only plus side was that neither of them were pinned down. They’d miraculously ended up in a small non caved-in  space. Well, mostly. There was still rubble everywhere.
Tony could only watch helplessly as the plane hit presumably the same spot he had, and went down.
Thor reached for him and started rocking Tony in his ginormous arms.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Steve murmured. He moved aside to let Thor give Tony a good morning hug as well.
“C'mere.” Bucky patted the couch, making a space between him and Tony. “There’s plenty o’ room right here between us.”
“Lucky loves everyone,” Natasha deadpanned. “And he’s too much of a good boy to cockblock you.”
Tony scanned the snow-covered ground with every special feature his armour had. “I’m not seeing anything. What did the call say?”
The team started converging on him.
“Bucky?” Tony raised a hand to his forehead. “What happened?”
“That's … all?” Tony asked. He looked almost disappointed.
Tony looked up uncertainly. “Dare?”
“It’s Tony,” He said automatically. No one ever called him ‘doctor’. “And it’s an honor to be here. I’d be happy to help you out with making your own algorithm.”
“Oh! Hey, guys.” Tony said brightly, the still-full cat carrier under his arm. “What are you doing here?”
“This very well could have been lethal!”  Steve bellowed.  “Putting four humans, one who is The Hulk, in a very cold place without warning or heat could have good and well killed all of us.”
Thor started playfully chastising Clint for saying ‘oh my god’ when not referring to his actual god in the room.
“I didn’t want him to have to miss me,” Tony mumbled bashfully. Steve and Bucky almost swooned, but they stopped themselves. This was a problem.
And best of all, Tony was finally happy.
The obvious pick of who’d take the longest to let their guard down was Natasha, but it wasn’t. It was Tony. He’d taken the longest to convince about joining them, sure that he wasn’t really wanted. And then even once he’d gone on a few reluctant dates with one or two individuals at a time, he still seemed a bit stiff. None of them had managed to coax him into letting his metaphorical hair down yet, much to their disappointment.
Tony nodded. “I’ll be with you in one moment, just let me finish up here? I was just telling someone how to fix a microwave themselves.”
“No,” Jim told him. “But if you ask him, that’s what he’ll say. He’s been conditioned to give people things or else they’ll leave. He thinks that the thing he wants most is selfish, so he’ll never specifically request it.”
“When Pepper broke up with you we didn’t see you for a week,” Bruce told him. “We barely see you at all
Tony got a concerning glint in his eyes.
Tony honestly couldn’t believe how lucky he was. The first (and possibly only) American inventor invited directly into Wakanda’s labs. Princess Shuri was showing him around. She was pretty down to earth for a princess. Funny too, even if a lot of her humor seemed to revolve around making fun of other people. And puns. So many puns.
Tony shrugged his T-shirt off, very self conscious of the arc-reactor and the scars surrounding it. Clint handed him the shock blanket that was most often used by Bruce post-battle.
(It was fun to watch him go)
They all tried engaging Tony more outside of team bonding nights as well. Thor had the great idea to institute a mandatory communal dinner on Saturdays because, “Lady Darcy told me this is how families eat, and we are a family, are we not?” He used his puppy dog eyes on Tony when he tried to protest. No one could resist that.
Prompt: How about a shifter au with panther!T'Challa and silver back gorilla!M'Baku being all fierce and powerful and trying to figure out what Tony is. (From @ Shi-Toyu on tumblr)
Steve and Bucky headed over to Tony’s apartment to wait by his door and whisk him off the second he came back, cat free.
“How could you do this to Tony?  To us?”  A shirtless Steve yelled at Fury.  Actually, all of the males were bare-chested, he noticed belatedly, as Tony blushed from the corner.
There’d been no time to change and Tony had been forced to go into battle with stained wet clothes.
M’baku’s smile turned lascivious. “Well we don’t have to just … dine. Shuri does not want her weapons defiled but perhaps you would not be opposed.”
“O-okay,” Tony said, at a complete loss. He rubbed at his wrists where there was strangely no rope burn. This had literally never happened before. “Uhh can I get your name, big guy?” The men in the background snickered.
“It’ll be okay,” Bucky said, finishing up the makeshift bandage. “The team will get us out, you’ll be fine.”
Tony picked it up, turning it over quizzically. And then he collapsed it without a second thought, uncollapsed it, and turned the handle to make part of it crackle with energy. “Nice.” He said.
What they were starting to love less and less though, was Tony’s new cat, Dum-E.
“I suppose I’ll be having a word with him,” Tony said mildly. Or not. Was this even a kidnapping? He’d only even stayed tied up for like two seconds. (lame)
“Tony!” Steve said loudly.
“Which we do sometimes,” Steve amended, “Because he deserves all the food and all the sex for being awesome. But also we do it because you know, we want to.”
Still, they couldn’t help but love the little bastard. Tony loved him, and he loved Tony. And honestly, he was probably just being protective since they hadn’t asked for the cat’s blessings.
But Steve was warm, so there was that.
“Hell yeah.” Steve smiled. “Make him happy, Buck. Someone needs to.”
“How do you know?”  Steve wondered.
He’d hired an art teacher to give them an in-home sketch-n-sip class, since Steve liked painting. (And the rest of them liked to drink)
He was dodging the question. Oh Bast, he’d been seeing Stark since before the whole thing with Killmonger. This was insane. T’challa’s brain could not compute.
No. Tony shook himself out of it. Obviously not.
“Tony and I,” Steve corrected.
Okay, so this guy was probably Wakandan. He definitely had the accent, although it differed slightly from T’challa’s. Tony shrugged. He was terrified, but really? This was same old same old. And his heart was beating really fast but it was more from looking at the guy’s super muscular muscles than anything.
That was how Tony’s terrible day started coming to an end.  First though, the worst part had to happen.
“Tell us what ails you, friend Anthony.  Thor said, his voice surprisingly gentle.
Steve smiled calmly, handed Bucky his ice cream, and scooped both of his disaster boyfriends with no regard for their own personal safety into each arm. “No.”
“It’s a grocery store, Tony. Not a MET gala.”
Based off of this prompt: The Avengers have an activity night every week for team bonding. Each week a different person gets to pick the activity. Everything is great until they notice that whatever Tony picks is always something another team member likes to do (spa night for Natasha, football for Steve, paintball for Clint, etc.). When confronted, Tony claims that he just doesn’t have a favorite hobby, but in reality, it’s because he wants them to like him. The Avengers set out on a quest to find Tony’s favorite activity. (Tumblr user Tonystarkismyprompt)
“Yo, Stark!” Clint called from the kitchen. “What do you want from the store?”
Tony hit the ground landing face-up. Luckily, he hadn’t been flying all that high, and the snow made for a semi-soft landing.
Of course Tony was the only one surprised by this, since he had no idea they now knew his secret. “Really? Why? I’m happy to pay for it.”
M’baku wrapped the blanket he’d been holding around Tony and ran his hand over the man’s hair. There was a tenderness in his eyes that T’challa had seldom seen there before. “We won’t disturb you any further, my love,” he promised.
“And the storage unit is full of pillows and blankets.” Said Natasha.
“I’ll get you out of here, sweetheart, I promise.”
“Tony!” Bucky yelped. “Please go on a date with us!”
“Yes,” Tony said.
“Are you … okay with this?” Bruce asked cautiously.
A few hours later they had finally been rescued. Bucky had talked to Tony the entire time they were trapped. Tony had only woken up once, briefly. He’d seemed very confused, but then he’d just said, “It’s fine. You’ll take care of me.” And then he’d lost consciousness again.
“Cat’s got it out for us.” Steve scowled.
“Only Bruce.” Steve agreed, draping an arm around his injured boyfriend. “Does he know about the pain caused by the reactor?”
“If we’re going to be here for a while then we need to figure out how to keep warm.”
“Yeah?”
“I’ll go out with you,” Tony said, the words tumbling out of his mouth. “If- if you join me for my next one. I know you like tech too.” His wide brown eyes held Bucky’s, daring him to back down. Wanting to see how far he’d go for Tony.
“We’re going,” Steve said. “We’re gonna wine and dine you, sweetheart.”
After the inventor had finally left to invent, Natasha said, “Whose turn is it to bring Tony and Bruce lunch today?”
“I don’t understand.” Bucky whispered. “How do you just not feel that.”
“Yeah,” Bucky said, feeling guiltier by the second. He’d broken into Tony’s workshop under false pretenses, interrupted his live-feed whatever, and now he was straight up lying about why he was there. “Thanks, doll- I mean Tony.”
Steve glanced around. “I wasn’t the only one who saw that, right? How small he was?”
“Invent anything cool today?” Natasha asked.
“M’baku!” Tony protested. He looked pleadingly at T’challa. “C’mon honey cake, we can do this later right?”
“Mmm.” Tony leaned back into the embrace. “Don’t make me spill my coffee, Steven.”
“Hey, Brucie.” Clint looked over at the scientist. “Is it just me or was Tony wearing very non lab-safe clothing?”
Prompt: Might I interest you in, instead of Obie paying the Ten Rings to kill Tony at a demo in Afghanistan, he tries to hire M'Baku and his tribe when Tony gets a spot in a conference for Wakanda's entrance to the world? Requested by @Shi-Toyu on tumblr.
Bruce and Natasha were on board with the idea too.
She had started off consoling and supportive, but in time it had turned into “I can’t do this Tony.  We can’t be together if we can’t even sleep in the same room.”
For a few heartstopping seconds, Tony wondered if they’d all been injured in the collison. Then the emergency side door was forcefully opened, and Steve came tumbling out.
“Shit.” He muttered.
Steve stood up dazedly. It all seemed to good to be true. And yet.
Tony stopped mid-sentence, straightened up and beamed at him. “Buckaroo!” He turned to Dum-E. “Ladies and gents, we’ve got a special guest star today!”
And with that the call disconnected.
Shuri led him through the labs, explaining everything they passed to him. It was quite frankly, insanely fascinating. Impressive, too! She was barely 17.
Look, Steve and Bucky loved Tony. That’s why they wanted to ask him out in the first place. And they loved his terrifying friends, who had already given their blessings and shovel talks.
Within five minutes, the air was full of the sound of the quinjet. Tony, stuck in his immobile armour, couldn’t signal to them, but his suit stood out starkly enough against the white landscape.
“When I heard of your work on AIs, Doctor Stark,” she said, “I knew I must meet you. It’s one of the only things of yours I haven’t been able to replicate or improve.”
“You’re a master spy,” Clint pointed out. “If you haven’t figured it out how the hell would we?”
Tony shuddered, remembering how much worse the nightmares had gotten when he realized she wasn’t there when he woke up.  The dreams about losing her had almost tripled.
Tony looked away, refusing to succumb. “Sorry, no can do sparky. Lots to be done.”
Steve growled and Lucky whimpered.
“You are right,” T’challa agreed immediately.
“Oh, hey fellas! Lady.” A very clearly sleep-deprived Tony suddenly appeared, giving a nod to Natasha, Clint (who had won Tony’s attention for the time being) in tow.
“We all are.” Steve appeared in the doorway and Tony had to blink a couple of times to be sure that yes, this was Steve Rogers in a hoodie and sweats, sans any uniform or shield.
“I can cook,” Bruce admitted, “but i’d rather not right now.”
“We’ll be doing our own team bonding from now on.”  Steve growled.  “You and S.H.I.E.L.D can stay out of our business.”
Bucky glared at his best friend. “I know he ain’t my responsibility. And that’s not why I’m here. I’m here because I wanna be.”
you.” Tony huddled into the god’s chest, greatfull for the extra warmth.
“Okay.” Clint hesitated. “You know, I’m really glad you came with us today Tony.”
Bucky blinked up at Steve silently. “As captain of the Avenger’s and Tony’s would-have been godparent, can I have your blessings to ask him out?”
If you're looking for prompts then how about: Tony does instagram live sometimes while he builds because he’s bored and feels weird talking to no one and he eventually gets really popular because well, he’s funny and really talented (sometimes he sees people asking how to fix something in the comments so he takes a break and explains how to) and one time Bucky comes down while he does this because he and Tony started being closer and he wanted to spend time with him, and Tony tells him to just wait and he’ll be done in a moment but after that Bucky always checks when Tony does a live because he loves listening to him ramble without feeling self conscious- after they get together he’s almost always there when Tony does this and sometimes chimes in with his own commentary. (requested by a tumblr anon)
Tony wasn’t sure if it was the lighting or what, but Bruce looked like he might be blushing.
Well, everyone except for Tony.  He could feel sleep pulling at him, and sure, maybe he hadn’t actually gotten any rest in several days but he couldn’t fall asleep.  He just couldn’t.
To cover up his awkward almost blush, he raised an eyebrow judgily. “Is this all you eat?” He gestured at Clint’s basket which was already filled with TV dinners and tater tots.
The rest of the team sprang up and piled on top of Tony and Steve. They ended up in a giggling mess of tangled limbs.
Nothing happened.
“And you’re not going with that, because?” Tony prompted.
“Regular team dinners?” Cap suggested.
“That is correct.”
“I’ll be sure to let them know twas you,” Thor said.
It did.
Technically he hadn’t cheated but … he was Hawkeye.
“Bucky?”
All four men stared at the quinjet apprehensively.
“Good guess, but how did you know we were already there?” Pepper asked, genuinely curious as she paused her pencil above her paper.
Steve pulled him close, cutting him off with a kiss of his own, deeper than the one Bucky had given him. He’d wanted to do this for a while now, but he’d always felt like Bucky should make the first move. Now that he had, Steve didn’t want to hold back, he wanted to hold Bucky in his arms and love him with everything he had. But that wasn’t the only thing he had on his mind.
Tony, Steve, and Bucky all looked at each other, smiles breaking out on their faces at the priest’s words. As Tony stepped forward, he leaned in to press a short, but tender, kiss to Bucky’s lips before he turned to do the same to Steve. Stepping back, he teared up watching as Steve pulled Bucky into a kiss between them, letting it linger for a little longer before breaking it.
“Of course,” Jarvis said to her, not pausing as he worked on Bucky, the pile of brown hair growing on the floor. “That would be a beautiful look for you, my lady, I’d be happy to.”
Walking to the front of the room, Tony approached a wood chair that had been placed between the two coffins set up on stage. Reaching out, he put his hands on both, murmuring something just loud enough to be heard, running his fingers across the polished surfaces. He stood motionless for what seemed like minutes before he finally took his seat, keeping his hands on the coffins as he nodded his head to signal to the waiting priest.
“You have made your promises and pledges to each other, and in the eyes of the Gods, your love is judged as just and true. With the blessing of those above, I announce that you are all eternally bound in marriage,” the priest said, clasping his hands together for a moment before raising them up above his head. “Children of the Gods, give your blessings for these three. May they move forward in this life together with love, and may that first step start with a kiss.”
“Go ahead, Peter was going to soak Penny, but he knows we’re watching him now,” Steve said, pulling out a bottle of water, figuring he would stay off the beer until they got home from town later. “Are you good to watch the kids when I run Bucky into town? We can take the twins.”
“No, it’s not happening, now keep looking,” Steve said with determination, pushing against the roof desperately. “Are there shingles on this building?”
“I will be in your life as long as you let me,” Steve said, opening up his arms and pulling Peggy into a tight hug. “You’re not going to get rid of me that easily. Raj is a lucky guy.”
“And I’m not leaving you behind. Never,” Steve insisted, looking up when he realized he heard bootsteps through the house still. The guards were looking for them, the fire was just insurance in case they couldn’t. “Bucky, we have to go now.”
“No, a prototype means it’s the first of it’s kind,” Tony explained patiently with a warm smile, winding up a dog next, who wagged his tail and laid down. “And his name is Billy, actually, I’ve never told anyone else that before.”
“I love you too, Buck, you’re so fucking tight. How did I get so fucking lucky to have two fucking amazing lovers? You’re both so…fuck, I could get drunk off you,” Tony pressed his face against Bucky’s back, licking a line up his spine, tasting the essence of Bucky mixed with sweat. Pounding into him, he felt his own orgasm approaching, but he wasn’t going to slow down.
“This is why I wouldn’t marry for love,” stated Von Doom, looking at Stane with a serious expression. “Love is nothing but an easy way to make yourself vulnerable. I won’t taint my life with it.”
“And you really think he’ll do it?” Pepper asked, raising an eyebrow.
Bucky made a face at Namor, though he said nothing, still turned towards the fire. Picking up a piece of bread, he lifted it to his lips, pausing before taking a bite. It was good, but it wasn’t the same as a proper meal. Those were few and far between in their house, though, the majority of their money came from Namor’s fishing and whatever Natasha and Bucky could steal. The others did their best, but they weren’t as good at picking pockets.
“Steve…” Tony began, looking over at him, his bottom lip shaking.
“Yeah, I can…” Bucky took a few deep breaths, trying to calm his nerves so they didn’t affect his voice. Shaking his arm out, he tried to shed the last of his fear, looking skyward as he avoided his husbands eyes. With one last inhale, his voice his the first note, and it all fell into place. “Three hearts wove together in one strong braid, where I was once broken I am no longer afraid. The gods above have made us blessed, but it’s our love that’s passed the test. When I wake every morning I see you two, and I know every night our hearts are true. Together we are one, until time is done.”
“It’s nothing much. It mostly states that if you repeat anything said in this room, you will lose your job, and be sued for breach of contract,” Ms. Carr said, bringing it up on her tablet, turning it so Steve could look it over.
“I know, but I don’t like the thought of war breaking out and you having to go,” Sarah shook her head, looking at her son with worry in her eyes. “There have been so many rumours lately, and I can’t stand the thought of…why did you have to become a soldier? Why couldn’t you have become a baker?”
Timing the pain, Bucky discovered it wasn’t lasting as long as he felt. He was going to have to keep doing this, though Dr. Marner had told him early labour could last for days. Just another reason for him to do this alone. He was going to need Tony and Steve more as it got closer to the end, right now was easy compared to that, though he wished he could train the dog to go get his heating pad for his back muscles. Turning on the television, he kept a close eye on the watch in his hand, determined to keep everything under control.
“One month and I’m done,” Bucky said emphatically, taking a drink out of water and setting it down before he shook his head. “No more.”
When the morning of the funeral came, there was no shortage of mourners funneling their way through the busy corridors to the chapel. Everyone was in their best clothes, though not their usual funeral attire, as Tony had put a message out that he wanted everyone dressed in bright, joyous colours. Despite many people thinking that the King had lost his mind and that it was disrespectful to the dead to dress as such, not one attending party chose to wear black. Even Von Doom had chose to wear a green outfit rather than the dark one he’d packed.
“Von Doom, I do have something to tell you, but I don’t think you’re going to like hearing it,” Stane frowned, his hands flexing on the sides of the ring. “Tony has made a decision in regards to his upcoming wedding. He wants to marry them both.”
“I’m sure I will, I-“ Steve stepped forward into the room, not sure what to expect when he saw easels set up around the room, shelves lining the walls covered in paints and supplies. Hanging on the walls were countless paintings, works of art that varied from portraits of Tony to images of nature. This was a professional studio, though whose he didn’t know, but his fingers were itching to touch everything in the room.
Though, really, he didn’t deserve any of this. Not over Bucky.
“You read my mind,” Bucky sighed softly, reaching out to take both of their hands, squeezing them tight. “…I know I’m weird, I know I’m broken, but…”
“You know what, that’s funny too,” Howard said, watching as the doctor uncovered Bucky’s stomach, putting the ultrasound wand against it to reveal their growing twins on the monitor. “You were so angry with me when I brought him home for you, you called the police on me, but now we’re here and you claim to love him, and the children you wouldn’t have been able to have without my tampering.”
“I’m thinking you’re not wanted, you’ve never been caught, you could win this and save us all,” Natasha said evenly and slowly, not reacting to Bucky’s outburst. “If you’re on the inside, if you have the King’s ear, then we can really help people. You can influence his policies, you can make positive change.”
“So can I expect a picture of me? I hate doing sittings, but I actually would for you if you wanted me to,” Tony offered, shrugging a little, not sure if he should offer himself up for that but going for it anyway.
“I’m not selling this place, I still think it would break his heart, I’m not…” Tony shook his head, dropping the pillow back down on the couch beside Steve, going into the kitchen to pour himself a drink. “If his blood pressure is up, he doesn’t need to be somewhere other than home. He needs his own bed, his own things, his own space.”
“Oh there are birds. Sometimes you just get little ones that want to fly in and check things out, but then you have the full sized eagles that come flying in to steal your food or any other small animal that’s made their way in,” Steve said, setting his glass with Bucky’s, leaning forward in the chair.
“I hope I last longer than that, I hope you like me enough to keep me around,” Steve said, wondering how much power Bucky had when it came to hiring and firing his companions, he would be disappointed if it was completely out of his hands. The teen should have some choice in life, it was painfully obvious he didn’t.
~~~~~~~~~~
“I asked Pepper if he could be my personal bodyguard,” explained Steve, hoping that asking Tony directly would speed up the process. “His name is Sam Wilson, he’s been a soldier since he was sixteen, and I don’t think there are many better than him.”
Pulling into a spot near the cafe, Steve immediately spotted the person he was there to meet, giving him a wave as he walked closer. He hoped he wasn’t making a huge mistake right now, but it was the only thing he could think to do. He owed it to Bucky to do something, even in the worst case scenario.
“Thanks, Mom. I’m sure he would have loved that,” Steve said as he relaxed in front of the fire, holding his hands out to warm them up more. “I’d go find him but I’m not sure where he went.”
“Excuse me, the box?” Steve said, looking around for a second before his eyes fell on what looked like a large chest at the foot of Bucky’s bed. “That?”
“That might be more valuable than just locking him up,” Natasha said to Bucky, tapping the dagger against her hand carefully as to not leave a cut. “Because there might be more people coming for you, and I don’t think our luck will repeat itself.”
“Long live the Starks!” a man in the crowd yelled out suddenly, only to be copied by everyone else in the room. Soon, it was so loud in the chapel that it was almost impossible to even think.
“I do. If I don’t find someone else, I’ll marry you. Deal?” Tony reached a hand out to shake Pepper’s, a smile on his face.
“No one can blame you for that, Sire,” Pepper frowned, rubbing Tony’s shoulder lightly, not sure how else to show him that she was there for him. She was going to have to be direct. “Sire, if I can do anything, and I mean anything, I don’t mind putting in extra time if it means doing something to make you happy. I feel terrible for your loss, I want to help.”
“You’re making things difficult!” Bucky whispered loudly, trying to stop laughing and failing miserably. He was always a sucker for Steve when he got a bit silly, there was something so cute about it.
“I have no idea, it’s Howard Stark though, Sam, he could afford to pay everyone in the city to watch me. I know that the guy who had my job before, he felt in love with Bucky too and he conveniently died in a car accident,” Steve said, quieting down for a moment as the waitress delivered their food, smiling at her politely and waiting until she was gone before he began to speak again. “I can’t assume I’m safe. Not ever. So what I need you to do is take that envelope, and if two weeks ever go by without me contacting you, I want you to take that envelope and I want you to give it to who you think you can trust most. I don’t know who Stark has in his corner, I don’t know if the police are safe, but maybe the media is.”
“Yes, they’re here, thank you,” Bucky looked at the flat surface of the box, noticing his name engraved in the dark wood. “I should put this inside where it’s safe, can you hold on for a moment, please?”
“…Howard Stark…he stole a kid, he stole a bunch of them though I don’t know how many, and he oversaw medical testing on him. He was only three years old, they faked his death after his family was killed, they…” Steve looked around the room nervously as subtly as he could, looking for anyone that could have possibly known he would be here, or someone that slipped in after he did. “Stark’s son is gay, he came out when was a teenager, and his father decided that if he wouldn’t give him heirs the old fashioned way, he’d do it another way. He made this kid, this boy, able to have children, and now that he’s almost eighteen, it’s coming time to hand him over. He’s a prisoner now, and he’ll be a prisoner then, and I’m the only one he has, and Sam, I…I fucking love him, I can’t watch him get raped to have some billionaire’s children. It’s…it’s fucking wrong.”
Steve opened his mouth to speak when there came a heavy knock on the door. Getting to his feet, he barely had time to put down his plate and brush the crumbs from himself when the woman he recognized as Pepper walked into the room along with an older gentleman carrying a wooden box.
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve asked after a long moment of just holding each other, though he wasn’t about to let either go.
Tony hadn’t expected his tears until he heard his voice crack under the pressure of them, his eyes staring into Bucky’s for what felt like forever, until Bucky slowly let go of his legs with his left hand. Reaching out with his own hand, Tony squeezed Bucky’s tightly, the lump in his throat growing when Bucky squeezed back.
“Did anyone…Tony, are you drunk?” Rhodey asked as he took a seat next to him, planting his cane between his feet and lacing his fingers over the handle. “It’s a castle, it’s your castle, I probably saw about twenty people on my way here.”
“Jesus Christ, how many eagles are there out there?” Bucky laughed, his hands emerging from the blanket to take out his hair elastic, reaching for the brush beside the empty glasses to push his hair back neatly.
“Ohh, that’ll look nice. Sure, we can do that,” Pepper said as she wrote that in her book, turning to Natasha next. “And you, my lady?”
“How comfortable are you?”
“Yes we should, I really want to get a better look at their technology there,” Tony perked up, immediately for this suggestion, mostly because he was the one that originally made it. “I want to see vibranium up close.”
“I am so fucking happy right now…” Tony giggled, feeling like he was going to melt into the bed.
“I’m okay…Steve?” Bucky asked, looking over at him as he snuggled against Tony.
“I’m not going to question you. If you say that’s how you feel, I’ll believe you,” Tony said, feeling guilty that it had crossed his mind. “And don’t worry about making me happy, you make me happy when you look at me. I mean, you don’t even have to be here because I could think about you and that would put a smile on my face.”
“Are you kidding? You’re about to have our babies, you’re the most beautiful being in the universe right now,” Tony said, looking in the rear view mirror at his husbands, giving them a smile before he went back to concentrating on the road ahead.
“He doesn’t want everything, I think that would just overwhelm him,” Steve said, rubbing Bucky’s back gently as he reached for his bottle of water on the nightstand. “He wants security, he needs it, and I think that should come from us, at least for now. He trusts me, he knows I’m looking out for his best interests, and I think that he’ll see that you are too.”
“They’re not words I associate with my craft, Sire,” Strange said after a moment of thought to find the right words. “I’m a very dangerous sorcerer, not a street magician. I’m used to controlling time, not amusing children. This is entirely beneath me, and I’m going to remind you of that a lot.”
“And yet here we are. I don’t want to be better, I want to be different, I want to be known for more than my tax rate and judgment on disputes,” Tony said as he tossed the tool in the air, flipping it around in the air as he caught it by the handle every time.
But it was still chance, and there was no predicting what was going to happen.
“No, but it can be after, first I just want to ask…” Tony bit his lip for a second before shaking his head. He’d wanted to ask what Strange knew about Latveria, but he didn’t want to admit to where he’d heard the dark rumour. He didn’t want to get Pepper into trouble. “No, it’s okay, don’t worry about it.”
“You can have all the grass you want, Bucky. Give me a bit of time and I’ll have you out there lying on it in no time,” Tony promised, bringing a hand to rest on the small of his back. “I’m turning my father in to the police, I can’t think of what else to do so that’s how it’s going to be, and they’re going to want to talk to you and Steve, but I’ll try to do this so you don’t have to go through too much, I want you as uninvolved as possible. You deserve to have someone look after you for a change.”
Taking one last moment to share a kiss, the men took a deep breath, the steps from the chairs to the operating room seeming a mile long as the doors closed behind them for their last moments as just the three of them. Right now, everything was about to change, their little house was going to get a lot more crowded, and their nights a lot less peaceful.
“Steve…please…” Bucky said, eyes bright blue and wide, his mouth set in a perfect pout. “Don’t make me wait any more…”
“We promise,” Steve repeated, kissing one of Bucky’s cheeks as Tony pressed his lips to the other. “Our hearts are yours, forever, we’re going to love you more and more with each passing second, Bucky Stark-Rogers.”
“Are you ready for Dr. Marner’s call, Buck?”
“Yes, how rude of me, shall we go have a drink?” Tony got to his feet, gesturing towards a door behind his throne. Walking with Von Doom, he beckoned for his Uncle to follow as the door was held open for them by his guards. “You drink, right?”
“This is…this is very thoughtful of you, thank you,” Tony said as he examined the bar, wondering what he could do with it once he got some back to his workshop. He was sure he could donate the rest to his best knights, but he was definitely taking some for himself.
“Just do it and get it over with so we can love what you’ve done,” Tony sprawled out on his couch again, rolling over so he could face Bucky better, blowing him a kiss. “We love you, Bucky, you could give us a box full of hay and we’ll probably love it.”
“I know what you weigh. I do work out almost every day, I know what I’m doing,” Steve said, getting out of the car and reaching for Bucky’s hand. “Let me try, I want to help, and this is probably the only useful thing I can do through all of this.”
“You really think people would care about that with a face like yours?” Steve asked,  reaching over to touch Bucky’s empty shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “That doesn’t make you ugly.”
Stepping from the space where he’d been hiding beside a cabinet in the corner, his footfalls were silent across the cold stone floor.  Holding his breath, he approached the bed, ready to end this all in one stroke so he could move on to his next target. Killing people in their sleep wasn’t his normal method of operating, but he was tight, and the money was good, so he was going to be as dirty as he needed to be.
“Oh, Steve, this is Jarvis, he’s the personal butler to the King,” Pepper explained, going over to Sarah next, cocking her head as she looked her over. “Jarvis is the best, but he only cuts the hair of those closest to His Majesty. He’s going to be fixing you both up today. I really think she just needs a trim, Jarvis, her hair is taken care of.”
“What? No,” Bucky scoffed, rolling his eyes. “I don’t want to beat you because you gave up, I want to beat you because he loves me more. I’ll still keep your mom here if I win though, if you’re worried about that.”
“Relax, he’s not now,” Bucky reassured them, patting Steve’s thigh lightly before giving it a squeeze. “Natasha saved the day. She came running in and the two of them seem to know each other so the attack was called off.”
“What do you want to do with them?” Steve asked, realizing he’d never talked to Tony about his interests much.
“O-okay…” Bucky said weakly, turning to half walk, half stumble towards the side of the stage, looking back over his shoulder every few seconds to make sure she was still watching him.
“What are you going to do?” Steve frowned, rubbing Tony’s shoulder, giving it a light squeeze to let him know they were there. That they’d do anything he needed.
“Soon’s as good as any time…” Tony said as he went to get the ultrasound machine, plugging it in as he pushed it over, feeling like they should do this now, hoping the doctor wasn’t busy. He just needed to think about something else for now. “Why don’t we call now?”
“No, we’re not doing that,” said Tony as he raised a hand to stop Stane mid-sentence, shaking his head. “We’re going to stop executing people for everything. You know what, we’re going to stop doing it at all.”
Steve had been told that his hours were his to decide, but he still got up at the same time he always did. He had always been a creature of habit, it was going to be hard shifting his sleep schedule around if Bucky needed him at night. Waking up at five, he went for his run, showered, and made himself a protein smoothie before seeing Peggy off to work, not feeling like having the talk with her just yet. He was still waiting on his motorcycle, which he’d been told it was being shipped from California, and the company credit card was coming in tomorrow, so it was the bus as usual for him. Making an extra stop downtown at his favourite bakery to pick up a treat for Bucky and himself, he was quickly back on the bus and headed to Stark Industries.
“Isn’t that good? I had some before you got up,” Sarah smiled, going to help herself to another cup, not noticing the tremor in her hand until she spilled a little coffee on the floor. “Oh no, I’ll just-“
“And you have to stay there after supper,” Pepper added with a huff. “No leaving to come back down here. You have to have a few drinks with them if they choose to indulge in that, or you can have coffee, but you’re staying there.”
“I’ve heard rumours about him but I don’t know how true they are,” Pepper looked troubled for a second, but she soon pushed them out of her head. Now that had definitely been too bold to say. “Excuse me, Sire, I shouldn’t be talking about another king in that way. I beg your forgiv-“
“Sure, I mean, I need to be king if I’m going to lead people forward,” said Tony with a little shrug. “But I think the people will take me more seriously with one of them beside me.”
“How much time do you have?” Von Doom queried, leaning closer towards the ring in his hands, illuminating the harsh lines in his face.
“I know, I…I don’t feel like I’ve earned the right to call you anything else,” Steve said, clearing his throat and looking around the room. “I want to call you Bucky more than anything. I miss calling you Buck when I was trying to be kind of serious. You always smiled at me when I called you that…”
Getting up from her seat, Natasha walked over to the array of fruit, looking through it before picking up a yellow plum. Holding it up, she took a bite, chewing thoughtfully as she examined it. “This is pretty round, and it’s sweet, and I might be losing it, but it seems to be yel-“
“May I present Sir Steven Rogers with his mother Sarah, and Sir James Barnes with his friend Natasha,” said a well dressed man they hadn’t met yet, gesturing for everyone to step forward as everyone rose to clap, except the seated King.
“What do you think we’ll even have for supper?” Natasha said to break the tension she was feeling in the room. “I mean, I’m going to assume you two eat like we do.”
“I thought you could use the rest,” Bucky admitted, leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder as a wave of emotion hit him, bringing tears to his eyes. “I wish I woke you up too, I’m sorry…”
“Please, just this once, and then I’ll hire someone else,” Tony pleaded, knowing he had to get on Strange’s good side if he was going to talk him into this. “I will hire you an assistant, and you can pick them. I won’t get in your way, I’ll just help however you want me to.”
“How do you want to do it? Do you want a priest to come? We can get dressed up and do it out back,” Tony suggested, reaching down to put his hand on the new little bump under Bucky’s navel. “Or we can do it just us, it’s up to you.”
“Yes you can, you can do this. Do you want me to put you down? What do you want me to do?” Steve asked frantically, though he started to walk faster so they could get into the car sooner. “Anything you want, let me help you.”
“Gods…” Bucky winced, letting out a long breath as he tried to wrap his mind around all of this. “I don’t know…”
“And how do we do that?” Von Doom’s interest was peaked, his eyebrows raised as he thought over all this new information.
“No one remembers nice unless you have a grand gesture to prove it,” Tony pointed out, crossing his arms over his chest. “This is my grand gesture, so if my other great works don’t reach fruition, at least I’ll have this.”
Tony takes the pulpit in front of the congregation, but what does he have to say?
“Would you? Oh gods, thank you,” Steve exhaled, leaning against the side of the fireplace, relief washing over him. Now this could just be about his feelings and what he wanted, he didn’t have to worry about his mother any more.
“Easy, have the funeral ready to go, do a wedding instead,” Natasha said, agreeing with this plan. She figured it was the best way to keep Bucky alive was to say he was dead. “They shouldn’t be targets the same once you’re wed, I don’t think, because your crown is yours then. You’re not in a position to lose it any more unless they kill you, and that would probably be a mess.”
“First off, I’m going to be there with you, so you’re not going to be alone. They already said I could move with you,” Steve said, reaching out to put his hand on Bucky’s legs to give it a squeeze. “I promise you, I’m going to make this as good as I can for you. Whatever happens, I’m here for you, got it?”
Ignoring his hands, Bucky reached over to his nightstand drawer, taking the cards out. Sliding them out of their package, he fanned the cards out and set them in Steve’s hands.
“Tony,” Steve began, figuring that Tony really needed to know this new variable in their plan before they got on that plane. “We have to talk.”
“Bucky?” Dr. Marner said as she stepped out of the room, holding the door open behind her. “How are you doing, dear? Are you ready to come back here?”
“Tell me what you want the world to know about them,” Pepper readied her pencil, looking over at him. “Remember, Natasha and Sarah can help with this, but you loved them too, you should get a chance to have your words said.”
“If you accept the job, and we approve of you, we will show you where he is. You’ll also be given top level clearance for this division of the building, and you’ll be reporting to Howard Stark himself on occasions,” Ms. Carr said as she opened up another contract on her tablet to show Steve. “All we ask is that Mr. Barnes is never discussed outside of people with red star clearance. He must remain a secret for his own safety.”
Bucky wakes up in labour and the other two do their best to help him.
“We’re going to have so much fun together,” Steve sighed happily, watching the two of them as he lay blissed out on endorphins and love.
“That sounds fair,” Stane nodded, looking over Tony’s shoulder at the books, glad that it looked like this was being taken care of easily enough.
“What the FUCK is going on here?”
“It’s not though, it’s-“
Steve frowned, looking down at his food to avoid his mother’s eyes. He didn’t like her suggestion, but it made sense to him. He just didn’t know if Bucky would accept his help or throw it back in his face. Frankly, he felt like he deserved the latter.
“How are we going to do that?” Bucky whispered back, sitting upright in their bed.
“Sorry I’m late, sorry,” Steve said as he stepped inside Bucky’s room, having left his helmet and jacket on the desk in the other room. He didn’t have set hours when it came to Bucky, but he always tried to get there in the morning when his nurse was with him. Having spent the morning with Peggy, he hadn’t had time to grab any treats, though he was planning on ordering Bucky a calzone from his favourite pizza place if the was up for it later. “Bucky?”
“Are you okay? You’re kind of pale,” Sam said, a bit concerned for his friend, especially considering Steve had never had a problem speaking to him before. Something was up. “Steve, be honest with me, I’m the guy who showered you and put you to bed after your twenty first birthday party, I’ve seen everything, I know you. You don’t have to hide anything from me.”
“Perfect,” Bucky gave Steve a kiss, going to put some loose trousers on, not bothering with a shirt or shoes. It was just the three of them, after all. “Tony, you need a hand?”
“The one time in life that I actually want my father around and I can’t trust him enough to even let him know where we are,” Tony grumbled, lacing his fingers with Steve’s, tugging him closer so he could wrap an arm around him. “I will never forgive him for this, but don’t think that means I regret you and Bucky at all. You’re a product of something awful done in my name, but I’m still fucking blessed to have you.”
“Why, is this formal?” Tony frowned, not liking the sound of that.
“I don’t want to be scared, though, I want to feel confident. I want to feel like I can do this, my entire life has been leading up to this it feels like,” Bucky said, his voice a low whisper, biting his lip as soon as he said it. “Not that I’m saying this is anything like what I’d thought was going to happen. I just mean there was a lot of pressure to have a good pregnancy and deliver healthy babies, so right now I’m thinking about all the stuff they made me read.”
“I’m…I’m sorry, I’m having a hard time with that,” said Tony, his voice shaking along with the rest of him as he looked between them. Fuck, this was going to end so badly, why did he ever think this was a possibility? Why did he think he could be happy?
“Steven, come in, it’s pouring out there! You’ll catch your death of a cold!” Sarah Rogers said, setting down her spoon to throw a log on the fire and fetch a blanket. Helping her son strip out of his wet soldier’s uniform, she ushered him over to a chair to cover him up.
“Tony…I think we have to call…” Steve said, pale as he looked at how much his husband was bleeding, not seeing any way to fix this without real help. “We’ll have to figure something out later, but he needs to go now or we’ll lose the three of them.”
“Let’s just do this first,” Tony sat up, gripping the arms of his throne, looking down at Pepper. “Please just tell me, you can’t make me feel worse than I do.”
“Steve…” Bucky whispered, shivering a little as he realized what had just happened to him, that he’d been shot and he wasn’t sure where, the pain seemed to radiate all over. “Tony, help…help me….”
“You didn’t do-“
“I give to you, my people, your future kings, Steven and James,” Tony grinned widely as they approached the stage, dressed regally in blue and black respectively. “Now, I realize this is going to take a bit of explaining, this is supposed to be a funeral and yet the dead are right here, ready to marry me instead. It is rather confusing, it took me a little while to figure it out. Too long, actually, if I’m going to be honest. So I’ll just turn this over to the person who knows what’s going on. My uncle, Obadiah Stane. Stand up, Uncle, take a bow.”
“There’s more, but my book only went up to fifty, and I’m not done yet,” Bucky said, wrapping his arms around himself again as he watched Steve open the small box and slide the cards out, shuffling them slowly. “I can build a pretty good card house too, my right arm doesn’t shake at all so it’s kind of a cheat.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Tony relaxed a bit, though inside he was absolutely teeming with anger and self hatred. “I don’t know what I’m going to do without them to marry, I’m going to end up losing my crown.”
“But I did…” Steve said softly, setting down the biscuit as his chest ached from the years old pain. It had never healed, it was an open wound on his heart that he felt every day for the last six years. It only seemed to get worse, growing inside him, making him hate himself more and more. There was no relief, only hurt. “…and I still do.”
“Yes, my love,” Steve said, immediately doing as he was told, lowering his head in respect as well. Bucky just nodded and knelt quickly beside his husband, though he couldn’t help but look up at Tony.
“Then we’re both fortunate, and so are our people,” Tony said, leaning back in the chair further as he looked into the cup, wondering if the beverage was enchanted somehow. “This tea, is it magic?”
“No, Mom’s good…” Steve shook his head, looking down at his glass of whiskey before taking a small sip. “I have a friend, Sam Wilson, he’s a soldier in the guard, I would…if I have to have some one guard me, I’d want it to be him, please. If that’s possible.”
“Does it say ‘Bucky’s Bucket’?” Bucky asked as Tony walked over with the bucket, smirking a little when Tony paused mid-step as he came out. “How’d I know?”
“I know whatever you have is amazing, so stop it,” Steve walked back over to his chair, taking a seat and crossing his legs at his ankles. “I was stressed out too, didn’t you see me fidgeting over here before I showed you? It’s perfectly natural to be a bit nervous.”
“Oh, well then,” Rhodey took a deep breath in, holding it as he tried to think. “Maybe you should sleep on it and talk to them tomorrow? I’m sure you can come up with everything you need to by then.”
“Just relax, okay? Relax and trust Tony and you’ll be just fine,” Bucky piped up, wanting to help as much as he could as Steve continued to thrust into him. “If I can do it, you can do it.”
“I’m sorry, Sam, I don’t want to unload all of this on you, but I don’t know who else to give that envelope to,” Steve said lowly, feeling genuinely guilty for all of this, but he couldn’t let Bucky suffer if he died. He would do anything for him, and if that meant doing this, he was going to do it.
“Why not?” Tony asked, letting go of Bucky and stepping back, offering a hand to him. “Come on, we’ll find Steve. This has to be more fun than exercising on a machine. And it does burn calories, so it’s really a work out of it’s own.”
“And? Do you?” Tony asked with a grin, reaching down to stroke Bucky’s cheek as the younger man slid the length of Tony’s cock into his mouth. “Fuck, your pretty mouth is good for more than singing.”
“Mr. Stark requested that I ask,” Ms. Carr said, not going any further. “Are you a socially active person?”
“Agreed,” Tony got to his feet, heading for the stairs and hoping that Bucky was alright at the top of them. Walking up into their room, Tony wasn’t surprised to see Bucky lying in the middle of the bed, under the blankets, with his face buried in his pillows. “Bucky, baby…”
“One more month, baby,” Steve reached over, rubbing his arm and giving it a squeeze.
“Do you know what happened to the other kids? No one ever told me where they went, just that they only kept Bucky,” Steve asked, figuring it was yet another detail he was better off not knowing.
He couldn’t begin to count the hours he’d spent in his workshop today alone, much less over the span of his thirty four years of life. This was his sanctuary, the only place he could feel like himself, where he felt he had some real purpose. He knew where every nut and bolt was, everything had a place in the disarray that everyone else saw. He didn’t care, this was perfect to him, this was his place.
“Isn’t this nice? I figured we might as well get something we can use even if we’re not running away. I thought Bucky might like it up here,” Tony said as he got out of the car, walking over to the front garden to pick up a rock and retrieve the key from underneath. “Bucky, go ahead in, the lights should work.” Opening the door, he pocketed the key and walked back over to the car as his youngest boyfriend headed inside.
“You don’t need to tell me….” Bucky rolled his eyes, having been on the business end of Namor’s smugness on more than one occasion. As much as he complained, however, Namor had saved him from a few fights he’d managed to get himself in.
“That’s a bit of a lazy question, but I’ll allow it,” Bucky paused for a moment, purposely taking his time to drive Steve up the wall. “I…I would say yes, I think about it. A lot, sometimes. You were pretty good yourself.”
“I mean, she was pretty much my mom, I could keep her here,” Bucky shrugged, tilting his head as he kept his eyes on Steve, waiting for him to say he couldn’t give this up.
“I have…no idea,” Bucky examined the ring of fruit again, picking it up and giving it a little shake before shrugging and biting it. “It’s delicious. I don’t care what it’s called.”
“One at a time we can lie them down on the bed beside you, but you’re not well enough to sit up and hold them quite yet,” Steve said, getting to his feet as Bucky adjusted himself as much as he could in bed to give the baby room. Once a spot was clear, Steve dragged the chair over with his heel to sit down close to the bed, putting the baby down with Bucky. “Bucky, this is your daughter, Gwendolyn Maria Stark-Rogers, she was five pounds and twelve ounces, and she came out first.”
“No, it’s a sports score,” Tony said, pocketing his own phone. “We shouldn’t use phones, it’s impolite.”
“That’s…that’s very kind of you,” Bucky said, surprised that the King had just casually said that he was courting the two of them. He still couldn’t believe this was happening, though he was still pretty sure Steve was going to win.
“I don’t know how much more we can tell them,” Steve admitted, hoping against hope that Howard Stark wasn’t going to get away with this. Based on what Tony was saying, that’s what it was starting to sound like to him. “Anything they want to know, though, I’ll do another interview. I don’t know if that’s very good for Bucky, though, I don’t know if he could do that again. He was stressed out enough trying to talk to the police yesterday.”
“That wasn’t what I was trying to do, I was trying…” Steve opened his mouth to try to defend his horrible actions when Bucky came to the door behind Natasha. “Bucky, hi…I mean, James. Hi, James.”
“How safe will we be in Dawson City?” Bucky asked, looking over at Tony, his nerves starting to rise as he saw the airplanes behind him.
“That’s why I’m doing these measurements…” Dr. Marner said pleasantly as she finished measuring the twins heads. “They appear to be about twelve or thirteen weeks or so, just starting the second trimester. They’re flourishing wonderfully, the one is a little bigger than the other but that’s fine. And they are too young to tell the sex just yet, but we can do this again in a month or so to see if we can find out then.”
“And that is precisely why you’re here,” Ms. Carr said, clearing her throat. “Mr. Rogers, this position is going to involve you keeping one person happy. You are going to provide them with company and stimulation, you’re going to cater to their needs, for which you’ll be given a company credit card, and you are going to keep us abreast in your interactions with the client. You must also be available twenty four seven for his needs. For this, we will be doubling your salary, giving you a company car, and you will need to move closer if you’re not within a five minute drive. We will help with that, of course.”
Which was why he was so annoyed when the door opened without so much as a knock.
“Do we have to call each other that?” Bucky asked softly, making a bit of a face, though he supposed he liked his name the most out of the bunch.
“I want tax to…depending on what we have in our coffers, I want it frozen,” Tony stressed as Pepper picked up her notebook to write Tony’s ideas in it. “I want our people to have a break for at least a year, I want to give them a break from taxation.”
“Sire?”
“Two o clock…five…just a little more…eight…” It took a lot of numbers and patience, but after a few minutes, Dr. Marner had her notes, and she was facing the camera with a smile. “The twins are doing great, all of you, the one is bigger than the other, but they’re both healthy sizes. Are you ready to find out what you’re having?”
“Please, I’m not my father, he’s…” Tony covered his mouth for a moment, unable to stop watching the wonder in Bucky’s eyes as he stared out at the back yard. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what it’s worth, but I am.”
Tony whistled as he walked through the corridor, his heart fluttering in his chest as he remembered everything Pepper had told him on how to behave. He was supposed to take them somewhere romantic, somewhere they could talk, and he wasn’t supposed to drink at any time during the date. He was supposed to bring them a gift, but not something extravagant, and he was supposed to ask about them and not talk about his inventions all night. He was to be a gentleman, and he was to refrain from intimate contact.
“He hasn’t been outside since he was three,” Steve explained lowly, watching as Bucky walked over to the window, his hand hovering over it as if he was afraid to touch it. “Your father says he made him, made Bucky call him Father, had him living in an over regulated environment. He couldn’t even have a cupcake without having to burn it off on the exercise bike. There was a picture of you on his wall, and he was told he was just yours to use.”
Bucky mentally congratulated himself for the brilliant idea as Natasha’s eyes grew wide for a moment before she caught herself and kept her expression neutral. Looking over at a thoughtful Pepper, Bucky bit his lip as he waited to see what she thought of that idea.
“How does that work?” Steve asked, his ability to talk not quite leaving him like it had Bucky.
In the few months since Bucky and Steve had moved in to Tony’s place, the three men had grown very closer to each other. Tony hadn’t been able to remove Bucky’s chip, it had been buried too deep for him to do anything without hurting Bucky, and he wasn’t about to mess around with anaesthetic. He was, however, comfortable with disabling the security system that triggered the chip, letting Bucky walk outside for the first time in known memory. It had given him a sense of freedom he’d never known before, but even as curious as he was, he’d only gone as far as their backyard so far. He had, however, nearly memorized every corner of the mansion, including the secret passages and rooms that had been built in everywhere by a paranoid Howard Stark. It was his room beneath Howard’s desk, the one that would have been his cell for the rest of his life, that he’d spent his morning in. It was there he found what he needed.
“Natasha Romanov…” Bucky wondered once again about Namor. He hadn’t even come to the town square today, he didn’t know how he was going to reach him to tell him to go to the castle.
“Our hands, of course,” Von Doom relaxed a bit, though his expression stayed as hard as nails. “I don’t intend to take from you what is rightfully yours.”
“I don’t care, it’s not happening any more,” Tony shook his head again, emphatic in his newfound cause. “We are going to be gentler and more humane people, better people.”
“I’m a soldier,” Steve said with some pride in his voice. It was a good position and well respected in the community.
“Jesus…” Steve exhaled the breath he didn’t know he was holding in. “Bucky, is there anything, anything at all, you want from me? Is there a reason you’re telling me this now?”
“I don’t know,” Steve said, gripping the wheel tighter, trying to drive on the flattest land in front of them as he put his window down to listen for oncoming traffic. He was thankful when the dot signifying their destination appeared on the screen, hoping that they could get there quickly.
“I bet it does,” Steve grinned, slowly pushing in another finger as Bucky began to relax, amazed by how tight he felt. “The thought of you fingering yourself is fucking hot, by the way.”
“How are you doing? How do you like it here?” Tony asked as he leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs as he swirled his whiskey in his glass. “Is there anything you’d like us to do differently? Are your families okay?”
“Wonderful, Sire,” Pepper said, trying to put some emotion in those words so she didn’t sound so flat. She failed. “I suppose I should concentrate on the lottery first and then work on the party. And are you talking to Strange?”
“Spit it out, honey, you’ve got yourself in a state and you’re babbling,” Tony sat up a bit, not sure if he was going to have to go hug it out of Bucky or not. “Take a deep breath and just say it.”
“I didn’t put this stupid thing on just to go home, Uncle,” Tony had been fussing with the elaborate red and gold suit, making a face in the mirror at the outfit. He preferred to walk around in simple black clothes most of the time. Now he was wearing what looked like ten pounds of shiny cloth with his oversized crown on his head.
“Me too?” asked Steve, his eyebrows raising.
“…sure,” Bucky eventually agreed after a moment of silence. He didn’t like people fussing on him, his mother had done it a lot before her and his father were taken by the bloody lung long ago. His sister had managed to survive alongside him, but she was married now with a baby on the way. She’d offered to take Bucky in so he could move out of the situation he was in now, but he’d refused. He may be missing something, but it wasn’t his pride.
“Food’s coming,” Tony said once their kiss had broken, watching them both with a wide grin. “I love seeing you two kiss, I love watching you two do pretty much anything really. But we have a whole day for that.”
“It’s a good thing you look so hot in sweat pants. Nice shirt, by the way,” Steve said with a laugh as he cleared the couch off so Bucky could lie down on it for the ultrasound.
“I have goats,” Bucky answered next, not sounding quite so happy about it as Steve had.
“What’s going on?” Tony asked, pulling up beside them with his window open, looking concerned at the change of pace.
“So…you’re okay with me putting this all over my fingers, and up your ass? Is that what you need? Me inside of you?” Steve asked, opening the bottle to pour some onto his fingers, using the other hand to make sure it was spread around before he moved down between Bucky’s legs.
“What about your mom?” Bucky knew exactly what Steve was thinking about, he knew him well enough, even with a few years of silence between them.
“…I think I can handle that.” Bucky said with a purr, closing his eyes and snuggling in close.
“I think we need to eliminate the peasants,” Stane said without hesitation, as if he was suggesting the simplest thing. “He can’t marry they if they’re dead, now can he? All we have to do is have them killed in a way that can’t be traced back to us.”
“Tony was right, you’re special, that’s a better word for it,” Steve clarified, reaching over to put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, rubbing it gently. “I’m really glad I know you, Bucky, I’m glad I’m here.”
“Natasha?” Ronin didn’t drop his sword, but he did lower it, not turning his head lest his throat get opened up. “Natasha, is that you?”
Selecting one, Bucky looked at it and held it up, the six of clubs.
“I don’t even think he knows I like him,” Peggy laughed through her tears, feeling more relief than sadness. “Though I wasn’t subtle when I started liking you, was I?”
“Y-yeah…” Steve took the ticket from her, taking her hand and walking towards the left side of the stage. His heart felt like it was going to burst in his chest as he made his way through the crowd, keeping his mother close. He’d won, he’d really won, he was going to marry the king. Oh gods, what if he didn’t like him?
“Can we save that til we’re on a plane to Dawson City?” Tony asked, actually stopping at the light, though he felt sick to his stomach every moment they weren’t moving. As soon as the light went green, the pedal hit the floor.
“It’s not your fault…” Bucky said, spitting the last of the foul tasting spit out of his mouth, his hand against his stomach. “It’s probably…can we go? I feel fine now, I just want to go.”
“Gods damn…” Tony closed his eyes and let his head fall back, sweat beading out his brow as he tried to breathe evenly. Nothing was working, however, and he didn’t want to stop the cause of his irregular breathing. Not yet anyway.
“I wouldn’t count on that, Steve,” getting up, Sarah walked over to put a hand on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “Fight for this chance, Steve, you’ll never get another one like it. Have the king fall in love with you, and then together maybe you can do something to help Bucky.”
As Steve and Bucky walked into the room together, Tony felt like his heart was going to leap out of his chest. Just looking at the two of them, he wanted to reach out and pull them both close, beg them not to leave him when he told them what he was about to. He just kept imagining them storming out of the room, slamming the door behind them, leaving him to a life with Victor Von Doom.
“I’d knock again just to be sure, sir,” the guard replied.
“I-I don’t…” Steve shook his head, turning his attention to the biscuit in his hand that he’d just dunked in his stew. Blowing on the gravy to cool, he fought back his own guilt for the moment.
“I go last,” Tony piped up immediately.
“Is that a hint?” laughed Steve as he buried his face against Bucky’s hair, breathing him in as he closed his eyes. He smelled mostly of hay,  but it worked for him somehow. “I love you, Buck. I never, ever stopped.”
“Then you, of anyone, should know the value of a good king, of good leadership,” Stane shook his head, wanting to just throw his hands up in the air and leave. He’d been helping Tony’s rule since it began when he was thirteen, and not much had changed in that time. “You should want to be better than your father. And you can do that if you pick the right spouse and start doing the work that is yours.”
Bucky blushed, both at his nickname and the request, his cheeks burning as he opened his eyes to look between the two men. They were both so different, but they both picked that word to represent him, and he loved it. Though he felt deeply for them both, he didn’t think he’d be able to choose just one of them, it had to happen like this with the three of them. He was convinced in his heart that they all belonged together, and that there wasn’t another love like this on the entire planet for him. He had Steve and Tony, as much as they had him, and he’d rather be their ‘baby’ than anything else.
Steve didn’t hesitate, he opened his other arm, drawing Tony into the hug, pulling him against himself and Bucky. He felt the last of his own resolve slipping as he felt Tony’s lips press against his cheek as the older man held them close. In that moment, nothing could possibly work it’s way between them, they were three as one. It was as Tony had dreamed, and as Bucky and Steve didn’t realize they could have.
Steve and Bucky move into Stark mansion, and Tony finds out the truth.
“I won’t,” Steve said, pulling his fingers out of Bucky, filling his hand with a puddle of lube, coating his straining erection. Pushing Bucky’s legs  against his chest, Steve lined himself up, taking a deep breath as he slowly eased himself inside him. “Holy fuck…”
“…alright,” Steve walked forward, heading for the hatch as Fury turned to walk back down. Not letting go of Bucky for a moment, Steve followed him, his heart beating fast in his chest. He couldn’t help but worry this was a trick, even with Tony’s phrase in use.
“No, that’s perfect,” Tony laughed, rubbing both of their shoulders before giving them each a kiss on the cheek. “That is…wow, I couldn’t have come up with a better option myself. You’re a genius, Steve.”
“What should be interesting is this lottery and party,” Pepper tapped on the page where she’d jotted down some ideas from both of them. “We don’t have time to gossip. Now how much room will the winner need? We’ll have to have rooms set up for them and…family too?”
“This ball is not in my court, baby, this is your call,” Tony said gently, not wanting his needs to push Bucky in the least, he had to want this for himself. Watching as Bucky nervously bit on his lip, breathing hard, Tony gave him a reassuring smile, trying to diffuse his anxiety. “We can wait if you need to.”
“I don’t know, I just…how can that work?” Tony pressed his lips shut, not wanting to be quite that loud. He doubted anyone was listening to them, but he still didn’t want to be overheard. “How can a marriage of three people work? How can three people rule over the Kingdom?”
Sitting in a chair in his study, Tony coached himself through each breath, his fingers biting into the plush armrests. When there came a knock at the door, he was so tense he almost came flying out of his chair. Panting, he got himself seated again, reaching up to straighten his hair with shaking hands.
“And it worked,” Strange smiled over the lip of his cup, tipping it back to take a sip. “You are not that king, and I’m not that wizard.”
“Works for me,” Tony chuckled as he looked over at the cabinet in the corner, hoping his surprise was still in there. “Well, shall we get comfortable before we begin to celebrate?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know,” As soon as they got in the tent, Pepper hurried over to the books of records she’d brought just in case, her heart hammering hard in her chest. She was almost certain Tony wasn’t going to kill her for this, but he most definitely didn’t sound happy.
“Come on, Buck, it’s just us,” Steve coaxed, smiling when Bucky’s hand fell down to the bottom of his shirt, playing with the hem. “You have nothing to worry about.”
“Not if you’re up on that stage, you won’t,” Sarah said with confidence, her hand dropping to the slip of paper in her dress pocket. “It’ll be you needing protection.”
“King Anthony found out he was coming and he immediately ordered for him to report to the throne room first,” he said, trying to make himself sound at least a bit more confident. It wasn’t working very well. “I was told to come here and tell you of the change to plans, and to invite you to come down to the courtroom now.”
“…what are the police doing with you, Tony?” Bucky asked, sounding scared as his hand squeezed his husband’s.
“I do…this is just a lot harder than I thought it would be,” Bucky said, finally rolling onto his back so he could look at both of his boyfriends, looking at them quietly. “…I want us to do the ceremony before the babies come. As soon as possible. I know my last name is technically Barnes but I don’t remember my family. I want to be a Stark-Rogers, so if anything happens to me, that’s how I’m remembered.”
“I’ll try not to,” Bucky panted, clutching his bucket and Tony’s hand, wishing he could do something, anything, to escape the pain. When it finally eased up again, he let out a relieved sigh, his body relaxing against Steve.
“I think we should be too,” Steve looked at their reflection, seeing so much difference within himself from a year ago, but also in his husbands. Bucky was more confident now, and Tony had truly taken the role of King seriously after their wedding and the imprisoning of his uncle. The three of them were loved by their people, and by each other, and he couldn’t ask for anything more on their first anniversary.
“And who told you to do it?” Tony was really curious about that, he wanted to kill whoever had made the order. “Who paid you for this?”
“Wait until you see him after a shave. If you choose to have one,” Pepper said, wanting to make sure that Steve looked exactly how he wanted to.
“Fuck me hard…Stevie, come on, fucking give it to me,” Bucky begged greedily, rocking into each thrust, his cock dripping as it bounced against his stomach. “I want you to finish in me so bad, I’ve missed your cum in my ass.”
“That’s very possible. Do you have a bodyguard of choice, Bucky?” Tony set his empty glass down, reaching for more cheese and meat.
“Why didn’t anyone think of this sooner?” chuckled Bucky, not wanting to move an inch from here. Both Tony and Steve were wrapped around him, and he’d never felt so warm in his life.
“Sire…” Steve took a deep breath, chancing a look over at Bucky. He wanted to give him this more than anything, but the thought of his mother having to work until she was dead popped into his head. He didn’t want to do that to her either. “I think Bucky needs this more than me, but…I can’t drop out of the running. I need to look after my mother.”
“I don’t know, but I don’t think we can go through the front door,” looking back down through the hole, Steve watched as some burning torches were being brought in. “Oh no…”
“He’s right, get some sleep,” Steve said as he gave Bucky a warm smile, so relieved to see those beautiful blue eyes looking back at him. “I love you so much, baby.”
“Well, you’re right, so if you want a colour different than that, feel free to pick one. Though there’s probably enough shades of blue for everyone,” Pepper said, recalling the last time she had to go down to the tailor’s workshop.
“I don’t know, give them separate rooms with an adjoining door,” Rhodey shrugged as he said the first thing that came to mind. “That way you can go back and forth and you can split your time between them evenly. I would just really hope that they’re not the jealous types.”
“But you need to move on, you don’t need to be worrying about me,” Sarah sniffed, leaning into Steve’s strong, yet soft, embrace. “I want you to be able to get married, to have children if you wish.”
“Steve, look what they’ve brought us!” Sarah gasped from the room connecting hers to her son’s, looking at the feast on the table. On it was a spread of fruits like she’d never seen, all sliced up neatly for them. Behind that was a thick, juicy ham, with a few servings worth of meat already cut free. There were pastries, apple by Sarah’s guess, and a couple of small loaves of bread next to a tray of butter. There was no shortage of cutlery or plates for them, they had enough food to throw their own banquet.
“Alright, but before you freak out, just listen to me,” Natasha said, reaching into her pocket and pulling out a slip of paper. “I applied for a ticket.”
“Come on, Mom, it’s just a haircut,” Steve laughed, though there was a tremor to his voice. He could see his reflection in a mirror hanging off the wall, something he wasn’t used to seeing quite that clearly, or without his scruffy blond hair.
“And there’s no way out of this? There’s no way you can take this kid and run or something?” Sam asked, his breakfast forgotten as he concentrated on his friend. “Is there anything you can do for yourself?”
“It’s hard not to, Steve,” Sarah wiped her eyes, getting up to set the table for the two of them. As always, she laid a glass of water and an empty bowl down at the head of the table where Joseph Rogers last sat ten years ago. It was her offering to him, a habit she had no intention of breaking. “You should be moving into a place of your own soon, you’re a grown man, and-“
“Call me Tony, I told you that.”
“K-Kirk, he…h-he’s brave, and he d-does the right thing…” Bucky said, his voice shaking, followed by the rest of him, as tears rose in his eyes. Picking up the cards, he gave them back to Steve, waiting to go again.
“I’m not talking to Bucky about that, or I don’t want to anyway,” Steve clarified, not sure if he was even going to get a chance here. Natasha was a scary woman, he was pretty sure she could rip his heart out without breaking a sweat. “I want to talk to Bucky about the past. Our past.”
“King Von Doom is right here, I think you should marry him,” Stane said finally, pursing his lips as he nodded. “I don’t think this was by chance, I think this is the world of the gods. They’ve brought Von Doom to us, and who better than him for you to marry? You’ll rule over the Iron kingdom as well as Latveria, you can combine them into one great land.”
“Because the maid Isse is a blonde and she surely isn’t blind.”
“That you’re still dealing with this! Really, the world doesn’t care that you’re into men, dear. They didn’t care in my world – okay, yeah, maybe a few people cared, but the majority loves us.”
She should have hurried.
“That’s barely anything,” he says, grabbing Steve by the arm. “Ah, well, I guess you’ll never know. Come, honey.”
“I don’t know,” Tony mutters out, taking one of the journals from the box and giving it a quick look. It dates back all the way to 1992, but the handwriting is familiar enough. These aren’t Richard Parker’s notes. This is all written by Mary.
Right when his vision starts to go black, the Goblin’s weight is gone and somebody is pulling him back out of the water, throwing him back down on the grass. Peter gasps for air, but accidentally breathes in some of the water that was still in his mouth, causing him to start coughing harder than ever before.
“I-“ Tony starts, but the words seem to come short. Having brought Tony speechless, Peter feels at least a little sense of pride inside of him. That pride is quickly replaced by warmth when he suddenly feels himself being pulled into a strong hug by the man in front of him.
“And you have any plans with MJ?” May asks while wiggling her eyebrows at him. Peter rolls his eyes, his grin disappearing quickly enough and his cheeks reddening.
“Are you alright?!” Tony asks, shouting over the alarm.
real, but I read that newlyweds were escorted to bed by at least six witnesses to make sure that… uh…”
Oh, so that’s why Yaël wasn’t able to follow the conversation.
“What the-?” Tony mutters out. This is just getting weirder and weirder, he realizes. He takes the journal from Steve and reads it over again and again.
Peter shouldn’t be too surprised that Johnny’s lips are very warm. His chest bursts out in a strong, overwhelming feeling he can’t place. His hands hang awkwardly next to his body, unsure of what he’s supposed to do with them.
Did he really just call MJ ‘honey’? Doesn’t that equal suicide? He can’t imagine MJ liking the idea of pet names at all!
Gwen nods, not looking at ease. “Yeah. I saw you creeping around a few hours ago and each time I almost got you, you’d run away. It’s been driving me insane. You don’t remember this?”
“Stop pretending. Sure, Sharon is going to be sad.
was dead. On that instant, a part of me died along with him.”
“You know I can’t really help it… I just think that if the two of you would see each other more often, you’d share more. You guys are both not really big texters.” Of course she was right, Yaël hadn’t called him either to let him know she had been living with X for a while and that she had become a teacher.
Since her illness, she started appreciating being alone and the silence more and more, because she knew what it felt like to feel, see and think about so many things at the same time it makes you feel your head is going to explode.
“You don’t need to justify yourself to me, Loki,” Yaël answered. But he kept staring outside, something was on his mind, but he had never been a big talker.
“He should learn to concentrate. If I can do it, he surely can, too?” Peter tries. “It would be a shame if Dad would remove the serum if it’s something that can keep him healthy.”
“I’m sorry, I’m so happy that you’re going to get better. But I also didn’t want Steve-“ he doesn’t finish. Tony just pats his shoulder, pressing a quick kiss against his hair. “It’s just- he came to save you, and now they’ve taken him into custody. They’ll transport him away this evening.”
After that, she hangs up and Tony lets out a long breath. She’s right, though. He starts up the engine again and moves the car up on the road.
“I want to talk to Colonel Rhodes,” she says simply. Peter slaps his forehead.
Yaël totally didn’t know how to react to that, but it seemed like they didn’t expect her to as they just kept talking. They clearly didn’t need to hear her condolences for something that happened years ago.
Of course, as soon as they ran into the cell-compartment, they got greeted by a whole school of guards, if guards worked like fish, of course. It was when Yaël started grinning, the guards started looking a bit hesitant, but they kept sprinting towards the ‘escaped prisoners’.
“Yeah, uh, I broke a few fingers, earlier this year. Nothing major, and it healed up pretty quickly, but, I don’t know, they’re still a bit stiff so I can’t work on the small stuff as well as before,” he admits. He doesn’t even know why he’s telling him this, not even Steve or Tony know about it. “I suppose it’s just old bones.”
“This is never going to end, is it?” Bruce asks next to him, snickering a bit when Clint turns the arrow again and Bucky needs to put her right foot on red, causing for his ass to be pressed right in Steve’s face. Tony can’t even bring it in himself to be jealous at it, instead practically laughing his ass off.
Tony’s fuming when Peter is held in a choke hold, his legs swinging into the air as he tries to free himself.
Peter shoots up, already on his way out when suddenly he stops in his tracks. Then, without saying anything, he pulls out his wallet, opens it up, and takes the small glass test-tube he’s taken to always carry around with him.
“I forgot my sketchbook in the gym! I need it!”
In truth, the wound is already more healed than it should have been in the past week. Since Peter’s at the compound almost daily, Dr. Cho looks it over right before he gets to Tony, and since she’s not allowed to share anything about it, Peter’s pretty sure nobody is going to ask questions.
Dum-E whirls around on his wheels before rolling away. Peter keeps his hand held out as he waits for him, while in the meantime Francis walks towards the desk. When he looks down, he whistles, impressed.
“No, no, I’m not going to,” Peter assures her, looking at the screen and quickly typing down the number. Luckily, he knows it by heart. He could call Aunt May as well, but the chances are that Tony’s already having a search party out for him so it’s probably prudent to call for him first.
“It, uh. I had a small fracture. We noticed it a bit late, so it wasn’t immediately put into a cast. Mostly, I’ve gotten this brace I don’t particularly like wearing since it keeps me from working,” Tony admits. He takes the wrist brace out of his case and shows it to T’Challa.
Steve stared at the tap, then looked back at Yaël. Without noticing it, Yaël had walked back a few steps towards Steve. She had left the sink, but unknowingly kept filling Steve’s glass by steering a string of water from the tap into his glass.
With homecoming dance coming closer, Peter quickly finds himself with the realization that he doesn’t have a date. And it isn’t like he was going to come, but now he finds himself with a lot of free time with a lack of crime-fighting
“Holy shit! A whole damn year…? How’s my company doing?”
It’s almost three days later when Steve returns, though while they hoped
Following the directions the way he remembers them, he finds himself in front of a reinforced door. He knows what’s behind there, but he’s never been inside. Carefully, Peter holds up his hand to the doorknob and tries turning it around.
“Mr. Osborn hasn’t addressed it publicly yet?” he tries. Peter’s eyes go back up to him before shaking his head.
But eventually, Peter pulls back. He uses his sleeves to dry his tears away, and then he lets out an awkward chuckle. Tony just clears his throat, and the two take a step back, probably right on time before he lets out the famous ‘I am your father’-quote without thinking better of it.
“What are you talking about?” Peter wonders.
Another shake of his head. “I used to talk to you when it came to stuff like this. You gave me ideas all the time.”
In a way, Dum-E is just taking care of him, being a big brother as much as he can.
“They would rather die before letting him go somewhere alone, despite the kick-ass suit I made him.”
“Did you get any security footage?” Peter asks from behind him. Tony grunts, projecting the images on the screen in front of them. He doesn’t look up, seeing them all in his mind anyway. A couple of confused grunts come from the people around him as they watch a black and white blur move swiftly.
“So now I’m going to do what I had to do instead of banishing you out of mercy for your dad.” Yaël and Lopt turned around as they heard the doors open. A blonde version of Yaël walked into the Throne Room pushing forward a chained Raido.
As it turns out, this is an argument they’ll need to finish on another day.
Mr. Stark then suddenly laughs. “
“Fuck me, who’s left?”
Peter shakes his head, huffing out a disbelieving sound. “What, so I wouldn’t be too surprised when the guys arrive in New York and you’re suddenly not standing there?” he asks, realizing he’s snapping a bit at the guy.
Strange just nods. Peter bites his lip as he waits to hear what happens next.
“So, what, I’ll be the Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man for the rest of my life?”
“Yaël?”
Yaël was glad that her other wounds from the past months had healed completely, like the burn Nilla had caused. But here in space, there wasn’t a Dr. Cho with cool stuff that could make the wounds healing quick and cleanly. Loki snorted.
“Defenders? Who’s that?” Peter asks in confusion.
“Get off your ass, Rogers. You’ve got a date in twenty minutes,” Natasha had then said, poking him in the sides to get him standing. Then she started pushing him in the direction of his bedroom
“Where is he?” Peter asks. It’s on that instant that a strong chill passes over Peter. While he’s been on edge the entire evening, this time it seems different. It’s like an immediate danger, coming closer. Steps, a person, a bit bigger build than Peter, nearing them.
That never happened. And so, every time someone mentioned Peter, Yaël got more and more grumpy.
“So I’ve heard,” Strange answers. “Now, Dr. Banner, if you may, just, tell us where exactly you’ve been?”
That, or take a cab. Or swing with the bag on his back.
-side of life, while Stark Industries would offer possibilities in engineering.  “I’m hesitating still between electrical engineering and biochemistry,” Peter confirms Tony’s suspicions. So the boy
“You alright?” she asks. Steve nods.
“So, how has your life been? Anything interesting happened?” Oh hell, yeah.
The journey to New Asgard is long, even with the quinjet. A normal flight would have taken about seven or more hours, and while they’ve done it in four, they are still four extremely long hours of too many people cramped together in a small space.
One woman nods before hurrying inside. Just as she passes through the door, Steve Rogers does the same but from the opposite direction. Once he sees Peter and Tony standing there, he runs towards them. He, too, looks horrified at Peter’s condition.
Peter nods, and they get to working. Wanda gets the drinks, Vision and Peter shift the couches around. They pull out the snacks, put Nat’s cake ready to take. There’s like a whole buffet there. When Peter asks FRIDAY to put up the music, playful notes start playing.
Yaël picked up her suitcase and left her bedroom, her safe-space, which Steve had arranged specially for her. It stung, and for a moment, Yaël wished she could still feel the pain of her shoulder, just so it would distract her from this emotional moment. She put her backpack on her back and pulled her suitcase behind her. As she took the stairs, she shortly lifted it from the ground. For a moment, she looked at the blurred glass door in front of her. Then she put her stuff in a corner for a moment and pulled the card from a side pocket of her backpack. She let it scan in the card-reader and waited until the light turned green. This time, she wasn’t wearing a disguise or anything, so she’d only have a few minutes until FRIDAY would discover what she was doing.
Tony pulls his head back, giving Steve a playful grin.
EDIT: After some long thinking, Caspinn and I have decided to change the story up a bit so it can be compliant with Infinity War. A couple of parts will be edited in this story, and the timestamp that has been posted on the matter will no longer be relevant. You can still read it in case you want some angst, but it will no longer be completely compliant to the story! (Not everything will be different, otherwise I would have to change this entire story as well. Just, a lot of things).
“Stop doing that,” Steve tells Tony, embarrassed by the things he just said. Tony smirks only in return.
He knows that Tony had to keep himself from laughing when he, too, got a look at it. In full embarrassment, Peter had admitted that he got drunk the evening before – which already earned him a scowl from Tony and an added warning from FRIDAY, who says that the reason he’s been feeling so horrible is probably because of the combination of his pills and the alcohol – and explained how one of the girls manipulated him into dancing in drag like that.
“Oh my God, Dad! You’re a living computer, you don’t need a remote!”
“Whatever you’re about to tell me, don’t. I don’t need to know about it.”
After thirty minutes of just breathing heavily together with their lips locked and hands roaming everywhere, the two men take another breather. And that’s when Steve came to lie down on his back, and Tony rolled over to his side, holding his head up in his hand while letting the other one draw figures over Steve’s chest. The sheets are pulled up to their middle, but they’re still wearing their underwear, never having taken them off.
“What was the use of trying to kill me if you needed to recruit me?” Nilla shrugged.
“Whatever dude,” he mutters out. Flash storms passed them, picking up his ball and then getting to the building Peter was headed to. Peter clears his throat, trying to get his shirt straight again. Had this been before he got his powers, he would have been shaking on the spot. As it is, he’s not feeling anything.
“I certainly don’t,” he assures him quickly. “I’m sure you have an amazing memory.”
Chapter warnings:
It doesn’t loosen. It stays on just as tightly as before. Peter frowns as he looks down.
, Peter realizes he fucked up
She hid behind the rock and... saw something that made Yaël drop her pudding out of shock. Holy shit, the black hair and slim built, she’d recognize it anywhere. As soon as Yaël recognized Loki, with who must probably be Thor walking by his side, she sat down again and hid behind the rocks. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried her best to remember the blonde guy. “
“You have about ten seconds to get out of here before I start kicking your asses, you understood?”
“Oh, dear Cap, I’m afraid you don’t really have a choice,” he says. Sam then holds up his phone, pointing it towards them. Tony there reads what seems like an email, confirming their sign-up. Shit, they already arranged it?
“What day is it?” he asks, voice raspy. It’s mostly just breathy sounds, but somehow Peter understands him.
“And I know you want another kid. I’m sorry I’ve taken that away from you.”
"I have been frozen for a few years, Yaël. Trust me, I survived," he said a bit sarcastically. He usually didn't use a lot of sarcasm, only during training sessions and Yaël loved triggering him at these moments. "And stop thinking about it, I don't want to know how long I have to be on fire to actually get burned."
enjoy having sex. Terrence here, for instance. Or Mathilda, too.” At that, Heather points towards two people who wave up their hand to remind Peter of who she’s talking about.
Peter nods, though his eyes seemingly staring into nothing.
“Noooo,” he calls out into the pillow, his voice muffled because of it. Tony isn’t having any of it, though. He rolls Peter over until he’s on his back, and then he grabs his arm.
That evening, once they’re finished, Peter finds himself at the place MJ texted him. And he finds her immediately, holding out a speech for her fellow protestors. And Peter takes his camera, and this time takes a shot from her. The picture doesn’t come out like it does with her camera, but he plans to hold on to it either way.
Peter nods, swallowing a hard lump through his throat and taking a deep breath. He knows he would say yes in a heartbeat if he was normal. But he isn’t. He doesn’t know what effect it could have on Tony if he would give up a part of his liver to save him. The same thing could happen to him like it did with Harry.
“A test-“
“Hey Brother!” she shouts towards the King, earning their attention almost immediately. Peter’s eyes meet Tony’s instantly, and he awkwardly tries to swallow past a big lump in his throat. “There’s place here!”
She zipped open the tent and climbed out.
Pepper’s not giving him her annoyed glare, which probably means that she’s agreeing with him here. Good, because he would have seriously doubted her sanity if she’d actually gone with their idea.
“You, stay out of this!” the guy whose gun Peter stole shouts. In turn, he takes out his knife and holds it out dangerously towards Peter, about ready to stab him.
She pulls Peter by the arm, forcing him to sit down next to her while all these other people just keep looking at him with wide smiles on their faces.
Class goes slow, but eventually the bell rings and Peter throws his stuff back into his bag. When he stands up, he suddenly has two people looking at him, those being Ned and Harry.
“Hi, Harry. I, uh… I need some advice,” Peter admits.
“I’ve got FRIDAY looking all around the world for him. Eventually he’ll show up again, and when that happens, you’ll be there to stop him.”
“Y-yeah, I’m fine. I just accidentally cut myself,” Peter assures him, but Tony is not so easily sated. When he stands next to Peter, he takes the hand the teenager is directing towards his mouth and inspects the cut on the boy’s finger. It doesn’t look too deep, but it must have stung.
“Hi honey, I really need to go but I’ll talk to you tonight?” he asks right before kissing her on the cheek and running off. He doesn’t see MJ’s surprised look at his sudden behavior, only realizing it once he’s back in the apartment.
“It’s everybody’s song.”
“I-I just don’t know you guys. Nobody’s supposed to know, but yet here we are, Wanda knows, you know. I wonder who else does.” Who’s Wanda? Whatever, Yaël wasn’t supposed to know this boy’s secret and now she did, thanks to dickhead Wade.
“I need you to stay here,” he says. “Make sure that these people here are doing their jobs. I’ll get those journals, and we’re going to fix this, alright?”
“Let’s just admit it Tony; you’ve been having a midlife crisis almost all your life.”
“Wha-“
Peter desperately tries to remove his legs, but no matter how much he pulls or scratches, Harry doesn’t pull away. He yanks his head back, making Peter lose his ground and both of them fall down. Whatever air Peter had left, the moment he touches down it all slips away from him.
“Steve, don’t be such a prude,” she mumbled with her face still buried in a pillow.
“What’s the situation?” Peter asks. Due to the mask, the fireman can’t see the assured expression Peter knows he’s expressing right now.
“Oh, uh, hi!” There he was, alive, but not really kicking. His eyes were red and his cheeks wet. He had clearly been crying. Yaël’s brain glitched a bit from receiving two mixed messages: 1) Peter isn’t falling down for eternity, 2) He was clearly unhappy. So all Yaël could think of to answer his awkward greet was: “You’ve been crying…”
, that’s Wolverine!
Chapter 5! We're moving along, though the writing goes slow. It's a good thing the chapters are once a week instead of twice, otherwise I would have ran out of them already.
“Yes, do you remember him?” he looked a bit hopeful.
Deciding there’s nothing else much he can do, Peter moves forward at last. The moment he gets through those gigantic door, he immediately feels a difference in temperature; where it has been hot and humid outside, now it’s fresh and ventilated enough that Peter feels like he can finally breathe again.
There's probably a whole lot of things I haven't addressed. Writing stories during my internship isn't really the best idea in the world, probably! If there's some things I've missed, don't be afraid to point those out and I'll clarify them in the timestamps!
Tony sees Peter smile in return.
“Oh, right,” Steve says, pulling his hand away. Tony copies him, letting his gauntlet surround his hand once again. Then he puts the helmet back up. “Lead the way, Bucky.”
“You’re hired,” X said while trying to hide his smile.
“Then I need you to realize, Tony, that if he can’t take much more, you shouldn’t put him into that position,” Steve suddenly says sternly. “He held up pretty good, last night, but even I could see that he wasn’t handling it very well internally.”
That can’t be good.
How did he die? Yaël tried to ask, but there was no sound coming from her mouth. All she could do was helplessly stare at her dead friend. Another one that she failed to keep safe. But how did she fail him? How could she? Yaël hadn’t even known he had been in danger! She should’ve been there for him, with him, wherever he had been or still was. Her steps didn’t take her closer to her fallen friend, her brother. Instead, she could only watch and listen how a dad gets torn apart after seeing his son die.
But Peter doesn’t. He does nothing. His eyes are shut, mouth closed. He looks peaceful, like he’s just in a very deep sleep.
“Shit,” he mutters. Gently, he tries to open his eyes, finding much to his surprise that it’s dark outside.
True to Tony’s word, the Quinjet move quicker than any plane. They arrive about two hours after leaving the tower; two hours filled with playing cards with his Aunt or watching a movie with her while Tony is flying the thing. At one point he put up automatic pilot, but that was only to get a quick bathroom break.
And when the first notes of the base start playing, dance-couples come up behind him, slowing together into what looks like a romantic dance.
Peter makes a ‘hell yes’-move when he hears it. He’s met Shuri a few times before during the Infinity War and enjoyed spending every moment with her. Not really in a romantic kind of way, either. She’s more like the super-smart cousin that loves to teach Peter stuff. The things he’s learned about nano-technology is incredible! Besides, she’s agreed to help out Rhodey with his back, though the soldier has still to hear about that fact.
“Oh, I see how it is. Mr. Parker just wanted a ride, isn’t it?” she says, jokingly. Peter stammers, trying to counter that accusation but actually feeling far too nervous to even manage that. “Well, too bad for you; I don’t have a driver’s license, after all.”
“Hey, I’m still down to marrying your son,” he says with a wink, though it lacks the usual enthusiasm. He tries to hide it, but Tony can see just how worried he is. It’s kind of endearing.
Peter shouts in surprise when there are suddenly two very strong adults pulling him into their arms. Tony doesn’t care that he’s just in his underwear, or that Steve is dripping wet. He has his boy back in his arms. Peter’s breathing, living. His heart is pumping again.
“Yeah, sure, he kicked its ass before it could get to you, but had he been a small bit too late, you wouldn’t even have been here anymore.”
work. But, then again, give Tony an idea and he’ll pull out all the stops to invent it, build it. Creating that new element for his arc reactor is the perfect example of that, when he destroyed his own workshop to make it.
“You know about it?” he asked.
“I’m going to do everything for them,” Bucky sniffed, taking a shaky breath as Peter opened his dark eyes a little, looking back at him. “I used to imagine my parents, but I didn’t know what they were like at all so I kind of pieced together parents from the movies I watched. I dreamed that they were really funny, and that they loved doing things with me, like playing sports or reading or art projects. So when I had to go on the workout bike alone, I’d imagine that one of them was running with me and holding the back, or if I watched something I’d talk to them...” Bucky felt the ache of that loneliness in his chest, like an old wound that just wouldn’t heal.
“But…” Bucky began, looking hesitant for a moment as his eyes turned back to the skies, the first few stars of the evening beginning to appear. “…will you still hold me like that when they’re born?”
“Is he the one that you hired as your personal guard? How’s that going?” Tony asked, having not looked into that to make sure it happened. He trusted Pepper could make it happen easier than he could.
“Good. I didn’t think you would, but…I thought I should ask,” Steve’s shoulders dropped a little as he tried to make it sound like he wasn’t just suspicious of Tony’s policies. He knew he wasn’t nearly in with the King enough to start requesting changes.
“What if you don’t come back? What if someone finds you?” Bucky asked weakly, his body tensing up more and more every time Tony hit the gas or took a wild corner.
“Mmm, mostly.”
“Baby…” Steve whispered, bringing Bucky’s hand to his lips, pressing a kiss against his knuckles. “You scared us really bad today. I don’t know what you thought you were doing attacking Howard like that. I want to yell at you for trying to defend me, but I can’t yell at you right now. I just want to hold you in my arms and tell you everything’s going to be fine. We just want you to get better, Bucky…”
“What is going on? Where are you taking his things?” Steve said, his voice stern with a ribbon of anger weaved through it, not caring who he was talking to. Bucky was his job, he had to keep him calm and happy, and he wouldn’t be either of those things with his things being taken as Stark loomed over him. “Why wasn’t I informed that something was happening today so I could be here for him?”
“I’m going to…” cried Bucky, biting down on the pillow as Tony fucked him as hard as he could, his body trembling as he felt himself slowly being pushed towards the edge. Then, just as he could feel his orgasm starting to bloom, it hit him like a thousand pounds all at once. Screaming into the down pillow, Bucky came hard into Tony’s hand as the other man finished inside him with a shout.
“I thought Tony wasn’t going to tell anyone we were here,” Steve frowned, wishing he could just see Tony so he could clear it all up.
“I feel so empty,” Tony admitted, impressing himself with his acting job, though he had to admit he found it depressing to pretend they were gone. “I feel like everything good has been taken from me.”
“I-yeah…” Steve stammered, unable to help staring at Bucky’s right arm. What he thought had just been a strange glove turned out to be a full arm, made with what seemed to be shifting panels of a silvery metal. At the top on the outside of his shoulder was a single red star, and where it attached to the teen looked scarred and burnt. Whatever had taken Bucky’s original arm looked like it had been painful, Steve had to wonder how long he’d had it. It looked like something made by Stark Industries, which made him wonder if they were the ones that took his flesh one.
“You have no idea,” Tony replied, slumping down as the pressure of the situation ripped at his heart inside his chest. The chances of this working were slim, but he couldn’t lose them, he couldn’t live his life knowing he didn’t ask. Even the thought of it being a possibility in his head made his heart sing, but his brain was quick to quiet it. He had no idea whether to be optimistic or pessimistic, he was torn.
“Mhm,” Stane grunted in return, sitting upright and smoothing the front of his rich, burgundy robes, fingers tracing over the colourful embroidery of birds and flowers. It was the nicest, most vibrant garment he owned, and he knew if he didn’t stick to Tony’s dress code, he was going to hear about it later.
“I’m staying here with you,” Steve said sternly, letting go of his chair at the table to go over and wrap his arms around his mother. “I don’t want you to be alone, you hate being alone.”
As Tony walked through the rows of guards, he kept reminding himself to walk like his father had; slowly, elegantly, and with purpose. His head held high and cape flowing behind him, he emerged from the darkness into the bright light on the stage as the crowd before him began to clap and cheer. He knew they were only happy with him at that moment for what he’d provided for them that day, and he was content with that as long as no one started hurling produce or dead animals at him. Maybe this could be a new beginning for him, he could hold more parties and speak to the people more, and maybe then people would talk about him the way they did King Roger.
Peter must have left it with Tony in his anger. Of course.
“What?” she asked Lopt, almost kindly.
“We were just trying to prove a point,” Clint defends himself while crossing his arms.
“I want you to teach musical education and arts.”
“Oh, sorry,” Tony returns. He sits up again, not keeping his eyes from Steve as the guy sits up a bit. As Steve observes what happened, Tony tries to get an outside look. He taps into a nearby camera going live, and looks at the feed currently being broadcasted.
“What’s it to you?” Peter grits out with difficulty. Flash grins even wider, lifting Peter up higher than before and preparing his fist. Great, Peter really didn’t miss this. He’d thought the guy had changed somehow. Clearly, he was wrong.
“Thank you, Steve,” Peter says, only remembering in time not to say ‘Mr. Rogers’. Then Steve starts driving again, leaving the two of them to wait for a cab. Peter casts a short look towards Yaël and snorts. “So, you’re hungover?”
“Ever heard of detention before? Or wait, one should actually have
Tony blinks twice. His friends? That could only be Harry, Ned, Felicia, MJ, Johnny and Yaël. Perhaps Wanda, too. In some occasions Wade as well.
“No, you’re on Sakaar now and your purpose now is being a source of painful amusement to the Grandmaster.”
Ned says. Peter follows the instruction, and then he sees the symbol of the lights turned on.
And Mary’s hand go down to her stomach instinctively, tears showing up in her eyes. “No,” she mumbles out as she takes a step back, leaning against the wall. Tony wishes he could take it back, make sure she never finds out, but… it wouldn’t be fair. Nothing is fair. Mary should have lived, so did that idiot husband of hers. Peter should have had his parents.
He startles a bit when the covers are suddenly pulled up. Then there’s a presence in the bed with him; Steve spooning up behind him, wrapping his arm over Tony’s waist and resting his head above the other man’s shoulder. It warms Tony up from inside, but he’s still not feeling like responding to it.
Everybody does their part. The twins are back inside, sitting in front of the heater while a movie plays on the TV. Paul, Wanda and Vision join them on the couch, trying to watch along. Clint, too, seems to be interested in the movie.
“Plea-hease!” he adds for one last time.
“Whew, that was a close one, Cap,” Peter jokes, pretending to wipe away sweat from his face. The Captain just shakes his head and exhales the breath he had been holding.
Still, he takes a journal, gets out of the house, and stashes his clothes in his usual alley behind the usual container. Then he goes up, journal safely tucked inside his suit. A few passengers point at him, calling out for him in the hopes to get his attention. Peter gives them a short wave, and then he’s up at last, swinging from building to building, hoping to find something good and calm he can continue reading on.
kind of hero.
“There’s been a bombing caused by multiple robots in the streets somewhere near Corona,” Tony explains as he sees it all happen. “They look like Doom’s work.”
“I’m going to see Thor firstly. Meet me there.” And with that, Loki walked off. Hilde stared at his retreating back before giving Yaël a studying look, mouth opening as she seemed to realize something.
FRIDAY adds, but Tony can see the scan being performed on his screens. For a short moment, he waits while leaning against the wall, putting his hand on his chin.
“You know what we had to do. And we kept him safe, but now he wants to get himself in trouble again and again.”
“Oh, good morning Aunt May,” Peter greets her, in an attempt to avoid her question. Last time he tried to dig into the past, she hadn’t taken it all too well. “You look good today, did you do something with your hair?”
“I don’t-,” Peter starts. Tony holds up his hand to shut him up, and then points at a screwdriver. Peter hands it to him.
“I guess you’re right,” Tony admits. He picks up his jacket, suddenly feeling too naked, cold. He puts it on without looking at Steve.
“We know you don’t want to give him the burdens that rested on your shoulders at his age, but with his youth he might actually bring in some interesting stuff,” Blondie points out.
“Tony, yeah! Rhodey said you were here and I wanted to add some suggestions to the suit,” Steve says. “Hello, Pepper.”
“Yeah,” he then says, suddenly sticking out his tongue. “Though I often wonder why.” Steve rolls his eyes, but can’t help the smirk on his face.
“Just trying to help, ma’am,” she assures her. The woman bows her head and moves on with slow steps. “Say, you mind helping out? We could serve a bit faster that way.”
“If you do that, nobody will ever find your body after we're through with you," Natasha says while looking at her nails.
“But it’s
The man smiling widely in front of her surely had something to do with it.
, even Pepper. He needs someone socially smarter in his life to help him guide through this.
“My mother used to make me this, back when I was sad or having a hard time,” Mr. Stark says, pointing towards the cup but not looking at Peter, instead keeping his head pointed towards the couch in front of him and sitting himself down on it. “It happened sometimes, that my dad got angry with me whenever I tried to show him something I made. My mother and Jarvis always stayed with me whenever that happened, of course.”
“A lady gave me money again. I always bring it here whenever that happens,” he admits. “They can use it a lot more than I can.”
“My mommy tells me that when people are grieving, it gets a little better with choc’lates,” Harry told him, not seeming certain what all of the words meant. But Peter took the box, and ever since that moment, their friendship started.
Peter thinks he's broken. When Steve and Tony feel out of their debt here, they ask Natasha for help, instead.
She didn’t really have it under control and wasn’t really doing anything to stop it. While the cabdriver turned the car around, Yaël looked at the compound, with the grounds around it all cracked up, the lights of the alarm still flashing through the gushing rain.
to get what he wants.
“I know who you are,” Peter responds, but accepting the handshake. “Mr. Stark told me to stay away from you.”
“A break-in at Oscorp? That can’t be good at all,” Peter sighs. There’s obvious worry in his eyes.
Yaël had been making miniature waves in her glass of water for a few minutes when Steve spoke again. She looked back to him. It had to be a huge problem, shown by his sudden weird behavior. Did she have to worry about something?
“You should have those cuts cleaned,” Mr. Stark says. Peter nods nervously. When the elevator
“Maybe.”
Had Loki been looking for her? Why was he here? Yaël stared through a slit in the stones while rapidly packing her stuff. Loki and Thor walked towards the old man and each stood by his side, Loki with some hesitance, also looking at the sea for a little moment. Maybe Loki wasn’t here for her, maybe Yaël was just here with unfortunate timing.
“I’m not sure I want to know the answer to it,” he answered. Then he stood up, whiping his pants so that he was clean from pizza-crumbs. He was ready to leave, Yaël noticed, as she saw him looking around for his backpack.
His phone goes off. Peter frowns, dropping the suit as he grabs for the device lying next to his pillow. For a short second, he hopes that it’s MJ. For another short second afterwards, he hopes it’s everybody but her.
it, rather than just because he wants to step into his biological father’s footsteps.
But he won’t hold it past her if she would figure it out. She’s a super-spy after all. And even as she stands in the doorway, holding a tablet in her hands, already fully dressed in her uniform, she takes a good look at both Steve and Tony with a frown. Then as she tries to speak, Tony interrupts her.
They’re swinging. Literally.
There’s no more smoke, just ashes on the ground. Now that the sun is shining, it’s even more clear how the once white walls are now blackened.
Wow, holy shit.
“Need me to come along?” Rhodey asks, sounding worried. Tony gives him a quick look but then he sighs and shakes his head.
“I forced her to come with me, your highness, because I have an utterly important question for you.” Memory-Yaël poked Lopt in his side with her elbow to make him shut up, but of course he didn’t. “As you noticed, I’m not from around here, but I’m here with the quest to save this planet and probably other planets too. To do so, I need something.”
“I fell off the tower trying to evade the security,” she admits. She probably already knows they’re all aware it was her all along. “I think I broke a window. I’m not all that sure of what happened.”
“Oh, sor-“
Peter talked and talked. It was obvious that he needed someone to spill his heart to. And all Yaël could do was listen and feed the ducks when Wade gave her some bread to throw into the water. Peter had something normal, domestic and that was exactly what Yaël liked about him.
At this point she really wished she was just with Peter, Wade and Wanda, watching some series. But that felt like Utopia right now. She knew that even if she’d get back to earth, things wouldn’t be the same as they used to. Maybe someone died, and Yaël wouldn’t even know because she decided to stay out of it. The image of Peter’s death burned its way into her mind. But Yaël strengthened her back, because that was not her focus right now, she needed to survive what was coming.
about who he knows. He’s not that important to them.
“But he’s a good man, I think-“
“Please, Peter,” he cries out through his sobs. The tears run freely over his cheeks now, his head is pounding. He puts Peter’s face against his shoulder, resting his hand behind his head to keep him stable. There’s nothing more he can do but hold his boy in his arms. There’s nothing more that he
“You got a license?” the guy asks, and Peter nods. He got it almost as soon as he turned sixteen, after all. Then the guy hands Peter the keys and takes Peter’s place on the passenger’s seat. Peter just stands there, mouth fallen open and all eyes on him. There’s some more muttering, but he ignores it.
“Look, we both don’t really like the term ‘
“I told you exactly what was bothering me, and you know it!” Tony shouts back, pointing his finger towards Steve and standing up. Steve, too, gets back on his feet. Peter looks up in alarm.
“Yes! And a few years later, Scott started showing his powers as well, which troubled his parents somehow and they called Alex to come and pick up the little one too. He still visits us every now and then and sends us postcards. Lovely young boy.”
- Liver diseases and Encephalopathy
“You’re a good man, Tony.” Mary looks down to the ground, hands pulling away from Tony’s to take the vials of blood. “The reason I shut you out wasn’t only because of Peter.”
the AI asks in that usual friendly way of hers.
"Toby,” the older kid says, proudly. Peter gives him a smile, only realizing after a few seconds Toby can’t see it.
“What?” Did he mean what she thought he meant? “You’re not going to tell Stark?” Her mouth fell open as he shook his head.
“I’m here. I need to hang up now, but I could really use some assistance after this.”
“What?” Lopt acted surprised towards Raido, picking up the conversation like nothing happened in between
“You’re evil, you know that?” Peter groans internally. Michelle just laughs, throwing her arm over her chair and taking on a casual pose.
Well, there are too many aspects in this dream to discuss today without exhausting you. There’s this forest, the house, the black-haired man, the cage… All of them are pieces of an enormous puzzle. We’re going to focus on the first man now. X lifted his suitcase he brought along from behind his wheelchair, opened it and took a few papers out of it.
“You’re gonna be even more embarrassed once I show you footage of what happened yesterday,” Tony teases. Steve looks up in surprise, eyes actually opening wide.
“I understand,” Peter says. He doesn’t. But he can’t really care about that, now. He can’t be disappointed at Steve now. This isn’t the time for it. “I need to go.”
“Peter?” Tony asks, already pulling Peter’s mask off. The kid groans, kicking the debris that has fallen on him away and coughing painfully.
“No, m’am,” he responds, though still lightly smirking. Peter wonders if he’s imagining the bit of green in Harry’s blue eyes.
Naive I was just staring at the barrel of a gun."
Tony follows JARVIS’ instructions to the base. It’s not the compound, but it is some kind of facility. It looks nothing like Tony’s base, but it seems… nice, in a way. For people who don’t have as much money, that is.
“You went out on patrol drunk, didn’t you?” Rhodey asks. Peter looks up at him while shaking his head.
Karen adds, unhelpfully. Peter rolls his eyes.
Surfing a bit on the internet while eating his snacks, Peter sits on the roof of a train. The hot summer sun is shining down on him, but he doesn’t feel it. That’s how awesome his suit is!
“Nah, went to maybe two parties so far? And it was only to get my roommate home. I tend to stay away from the alcohol,” Peter clarifies with a shrug. “So how about you? Your wife doing well?”
she returns, ever so helpful. Everybody now looks at Tony, wanting to know what he’s going to do. Even May and Rhodey move away from the Kitchenette to find out what the drama is about.
“Well, if you want a daddy so badly, you can call me ‘dad’. Daddy Deadpool, wouldn’t that be great?” Wade suddenly said with a grin. Yaël sarcastically slapped her forehead after that. She did her best to keep her face straight, because she didn’t want to give Wade the pleasure to see her laugh at his dumb joke. Wade was still punished for being an aggressive dick, after all.
Sometimes, he
“Fel… I’m sorry but that wasn’t me…” Peter feels horrible for telling her this. She just chuckles, looking back up.
“No, it was too much at once. I shouldn’t have entered that room,” he returns. “
Steve clears his throat.
“Well, you could’ve told me that back then, so I knew I didn’t have to wear this shit today!” Were they fighting over this? It didn’t really feel like a fight, well, it kind off was a fun fight. Was that weird? A fun fight?
“Mr. Stark, I’ve brought you a coffee,” his assistant suddenly says. Stark turns around in surprise, and sees that the woman indeed is holding a cup for him. Still, though, her charming smile and glowing golden hair doesn’t compare to the beauty of Pepper, and for a moment, Tony just wishes she were still his assistant. Then at least she’d have to still be around him. Being the CEO of Stark Industries is a job she can easily do on her own; it’s not like he’s been much help to her about that, anyway.
There are a few things in life that Tony Stark can appreciate. Sleeping in with Steve is probably on top of that list along with spending quality time with Peter. Other than that, it can be a hot cup of coffee, good sex and having his friends alive and well.
“Let’s agree to talk more in the future, okay?” he suggests. “That’s what people do when they love each other, remember?” Steve nods lightly with a smile on his lips, putting his own gloved hand on top of Tony’s. They stand there for a few long seconds until Barnes clears his throat from behind them.
“How’s it going?” Barnes asks without moving from the couch. Natasha’s next to him, with Clint on her other side. Scott and Hope are at the kitchenette preparing something that looks like hot coco. It smells like it, at least.
Peter takes a quick look around. They’re not all seated on the same couch. Wade is seated on the ground, eating strawberry-flavored popcorn (which Peter tasted and personally found disgusting). On the complete end of the couch are Ned and Harry. The former is already falling asleep, while Harry is pretending all he can not to act on the jump scares. He’s failing, though, since Peter can feel the couch moving every time it happens.
Steve was still looking a bit confused. She shook her head again “I have no clue actually. It surely must be a few months with all the revalidation and such.”
“Yup, Furry and X are clearly hiding something from you.” Wade mentioned casually, like he was talking about the weather.
Yaël tried to pull it off, but it was stuck.
“Since when do you call me that?” Steve asks questioningly, though sounding amused.
What? Peter jumps up to take a look at the screen, frowning immediately when he sees what Ned is talking about.
“Yes, can I help you, sir?” Peter asks, trying with all the force that he has to be polite. It’s not worth getting fired, over. Just try to look calm, don’t show that you’re annoyed as fu-
“Uh, yeah, uhm… sorry about earlier… I’m… really easily triggered lately. I shouldn’t have snapped at you.”
Tony puts his hand on top of Mary’s before offering her a small smile.
“No, I’m alright,” he assures them. There’s definitely too many people inside one hospital room, but it’s also kind of funny to look at. He tries to sit up a bit, extremely aware of the bandage on his head. His hair is gone, but it’s about the smallest sacrifice he could have made to get his hearing back. It’ll grow back, after all. Peter reaches up to scratch his head, try to get a feel of the bandage they’ve put on top of his wounds.
Tony tries to ignore the thought. He tinkers on, works out a few more kinks in his formula and checks out the result once more. It looks more promising, but still not optimal. It’s alright, just start over, go for another angle.
He went to his room afterwards, slightly panicked about it. Natasha came to visit him, to find out if everything was alright. She told him to go for it, that he was sure Tony was on the same page, but that he just didn’t know it yet.
?!” Bruce lets out a deep breath and goes to lean against the wall for a moment. “Listen, kid, Peter? Peter, I get that you’re excited, but if you don’t give me a
Tony is tinkering with a heating layer he’s going to add into the fabric of the suit when Peter curses and something falls down to the ground. Tony startles, immediately glancing to where Peter is sitting   finding him at his usual desk – because he’s already got his
I would like to thank Caspinn for helping me get this story together. Whenever I had lost all hope for it, she was there to guide me through it! Secondly, I would like to thank all of you, readers, for standing behind us during this project. In the past I've often felt like I was writing stories for nobody. Getting into the Marvel Fandom, there was this whole sudden difference with all the other fandoms! I'm so glad I get to be a part of this amazing community, and that you're all there with us! I certainly hope you've enjoyed the story!
Then, after a while, he would take a small break – a coffee Dum-E would bring him, along with something to eat. He would talk a little bit with the other interns – though ignoring that redheaded MJ-girl who seems to be interning as some sort of reception-girl of this floor.
Peter doesn’t answer anymore, because there’s nothing else left to say. He gives Mr. Stark a quick look, but there’s nothing to be read from him. While Mr. Stark had looked angry before, now he just appears like somebody kicked his puppy.
“Yeah, don’t we all…. You have to put them in the freezer, you know that, right?”
- Civil War has begun
“Jesus, am I going to have these dreams daily now?” she mumbled to herself.
“Look, it’s not like I’m part of the team anyway. I don’t have to sign
Enjoy
While the spaceship started rising, Hela stared at her shaking hands, looked up and met Yaël’s eyes. Busted. Yaël had already gained a good amount of water from Hela and had send it all immediately into the water underneath the bridge.
“Now, I wonder what makes you tick,” Peter mutters, turning back around to look at the desk. There he sees some sort of round device, with wires lying in the direction where the gauntlet had been. Huh, that must be the power source, right? Peter finds the lever again and opens up the gauntlet once more before taking the blueprints of the gauntlet that Mr. Stark left behind for him. What better way to find out how the thing ticks?
But even if he didn’t, Peter would have come anyway. There’s no way in hell he would have sit back during this.
Well, of course a sister wouldn’t sleep with her own brother, but she was glad that misery got cleared out.
“Let me show you,” Tony says. He closes his eyes for a bit, trying to focus on it. He hasn’t tried this before, but he remembers well enough from working with the headset what exactly he needs to do to call up the armor. So, in his mind, he tries to get the attention of the nanites, giving them his instructions. Inside his bones, he feels something tingling. It doesn’t hurt, not as much as the injection on itself had.
him, they still
“Why are you helping me?” he asks in confusion. Wade just seems unsettled, worried, even, if Tony dares to call it so.
“Hey, Uncle Aaron, what’s up?” Miles asks.
There’s a shaking in her voice, her eyes not quite meeting his. The cold of the room seems to be reaching Tony, making him shiver on the spot.
. But that wouldn’t help him here. Peter will probably hate him, either way.
become friends after the attack on New York.
“Nah, man, I’ll take the stairs, that’s fine,” Hawkeye says. He lifts up his hand and instantly Peter slaps a high five onto it. “You’re not too bad at this, kid. A bit more experience, and surely the team will want to make you one of ours.” Then the Avenger is going through the door, leaving Peter alone on the roof.
“What story?”
Peter looks up when Yaël clears her throat. He sees her in the middle of the room, standing up with one hand on her hip and the other holding something in the air, still as naked as the day she was born.
“I don’t care about that. I hurt you just as much as you hurt me. And look at me; I’m fine. We’re fine.”
The Goblin laughs it out, shaking his head while his hand rests on his stomach.
Peter smiles before wishing Harry good luck. They dropped him off very early in the morning, and he’s been on the way for almost ten hours already. Peter’s still a bit sad that he’s gone for such a long time, but he believes that travelling will really help the guy.
Yeah, a lot of people know the lyrics. The ones who do sings along with it. Tony pretends to throw his shield away, supposedly ‘losing’ his balance and tripping forward to that VIP deck. Once he gets to where Steve is seated, he goes to sit down on his lap, throwing another hand over his shoulder and holding the shield up to their faces while he kisses him on the mouth. After that he jumps back on his feet.
- Steve and Tony have a talk
Anyway, this idea has been plagueing me for a little while, and then suddenly today I came accross this incorrect quote which I felt would be just perfect for this situation. Long story short, it's another incorrect quote, but it's not like the other chapters of that genre!
“Oh, right, the kid is named after a rune.”
“Uh..” Holy shit, Loki was giving her a heart attack, but it seemed he was giving himself one too, still being conflicted about the relationship-thing. “I have to go,” he mumbled as he turned towards the door. He almost seemed to be…angry.
days. Most of them filled with Tony roaming around the compound with Rhodey whenever Peter isn’t there. Sometimes they sparred, sometimes they played chess. There are few occasions Vision joined them, and the game would be a hopeless case since the android always won.
Right now, Tony sometimes still asks for stories. And she’ll repeat some she’s already told years ago, still thinking Tony to be that small kid she took care of on some occasions. Tony never reminds her of the years that have passed, scared of shocking her.
Two hours after finding a good spot, Aunt May calls him. His call with her is short, and after that he can finally put himself into finishing the third journal. Luckily he thought about bringing the fourth one along, because he’s through the third one in no time.
- Yes I was misquoting Coldplay, sue me
Peter nods in understanding, but to be honest he feels like he’s heard too much right now. His brain needs a break.
Because, let’s face it, he might be in a relationship with the guy, but he’s not going to let him win because of that. Tony still has his standards.
is just about the biggest wreck one could have as a family? One that can’t even figure out his own feelings towards…
- None, really
After the news ends and a random movie starts up, Tony takes a deep breath, figuring that he should just do it. Get it over with.
“Oh, wow,” Yaël smiled teasingly “You surely have already been active during the flight.” Loki crossed his arms and looked outside.
“You asshole, don’t you ever almost die again when I’m not here!” she hisses at him, punching him on the shoulder. Tony loses his balance for a moment, but she holds him back.
“The guy with the wings is obviously the source of the weapons! I gotta take him down!” Peter defends himself.
“So now you’re walking around with porn, is that it? Porn of you and your boyfriend? You two are disgusting,” she mutters out. It’s not too hard to pretend to be disgusted by it. Tony flips her off, putting the DVD back in his jacket. After that, Steve walks inside, looking oblivious to everything. Once he notices everybody looking at him, he frowns.
“We can’t sign this,” she says shortly. It’s simple as that; they can’t give them this kind of ultimatum; that’s not right at all.
Fuck. Yaël, stop thinking.
like he was hanging from the wall, but nothing escapes his mouth. His whole body is frozen.
“Mary…”
“Hypothetically speaking; if you would go to sleep in bed and end up waking with a black version of the Spider-Man-suit in the middle of nowhere, what kind of explanation would you give that?”
“There’s no trace of technology left in the suit; Karen was no longer there. But at the same time, while everything was missing, I felt stronger than ever before, you get me?”
“Now you stay here, alright?” Tony asks. Peter turns to his Dad, mouth still fallen open with surprise. He’s got no idea what he’s supposed to be doing here. There are a few other people in here, but Peter doesn’t recognize them.
FRIDAY tells him without any remorse. Peter groans in frustration and passes a gloved hand through his hair. He hates the ‘Locked-out-protocol’. It’s only designed to make him feel foolish.
Tony takes a deep breath. He’s got a feeling that things are about to get much worse now. Thor’s gone, Loki’s out there somewhere again. A full civilization from outer space now seeking refuge on Earth… It’s getting closer and Tony’s feeling like he’s completely out of time to stop it now. He should have known, should have perfected the Ultron-project and tried again. He should have prepared the world more than this.
too late to reach him. Tony closes his eyes and tries to hold back a tear while he remembers that one day they’ve overwritten due to indescribable time-travel.
Tony smirks lightly. “
“Oh, that’s just convenient, isn’t it?” she mutters. “If you want to follow into your Dad’s footsteps of his early days, you should do whatever you want. I’m not going to be any part of it.”
“Thanks,” she mumbled.
“You can be if you want to. You have the potential,” he had assured her, but Felicia had only shaken her head.
But before he can say what he wants to say Mary announces that they’ve arrived. Tony gets himself out of the car and quickly follows the woman inside. It’s extremely weird to hang out with her again. Almost as if nothing has changed. Except for the way he feels about her, that is.
“if anybody here is lazy, it’s you. It’s not because we haven’t been dancing together in a while that you should just forget how to dance altogether!”
“They’re working on curing him, but it’s difficult. They have a few promising possible but experimental treatments, but we don’t know anything until we can try them out. For now, I’m not allowed to see him so they let me watch some of his progress in Steve’s office.”
. Peter groans again right before he sees a glowing blue light.
“It’s not that I’ve been actively dreaming of it, but I don’t really mind the addition,” he admits. “Of course, it would have been better if the others would have been here.”
Avenger drops down through my roof. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Strange asks. He isn’t letting Peter go, no matter how much he struggles against the hold.
“Dude, you plannin’ on getting drunk?” Johnny asks all of the sudden. Peter turns to him, pulled out of his focus on the phone. It’s a good phone, too, with a nice screen. Probably a bit too expensive than what he would normally go for. It’s also rather large, and a miracle that it even fits in his pants.
“Seriously, Peter. Fuck off,” she hisses at him. “Just… get your head straight, stop pushing everybody away. Maybe after that, we’ll talk.”
"- have it checked out, but I'm not sure we'll like the answer," Tony says in the background. Peter gives Johnny a look, telling him to stay quiet. Johnny just gives him a blunt stare in return. He's not planning on talking anytime soon.
“I said it before, and I’ll say it again; this apartment is just awesome!”
Peter almost regrets that he won’t be there to witness it. Maybe he can convince the others to sneak into the tower and have a look. It could be hilarious! Without knowing more of their plans, the adults all leave the room after saying goodbye to Peter, Wanda and Vision. Peter clears his throat the moment they’re alone, turning to face Vision and Wanda a bit hesitantly.
“What?” Steve asks, sounding a bit shocked. Tony can only shake his head and let out a sinister chuckle.
Her eyes, they’re just… it’s like they’re trying to burn inside his soul, to get all of the secrets out of him. She stares with determination, but trying to show aloofness along as well. Without getting him out of her sight, she grabs for another fry and dips it right back into the sauce.
“What the Hell are you wearing?” Happy asks. Peter looks down to his uniform.
“No, Tony, you have to stay here,” Rhodey says, squeezing his shoulder once. Tony blinks a few times, but then frowns.
she wants to say. She can’t even open her mouth.
Loki stopped, but Yaël noticed the tension in his shoulders immediately. She knew this had always been a very delicate subject to him. A shock went through the ship, people yelled commandos at each other.
Great, this is going to be torture. But Tony can handle it.
“We should head home, too. It’s been a long day,” Steve then says a bit sadly, suddenly wrapping an arm over Tony’s shoulder and pulling him closer. Peter nods in understanding.
make another breakthrough in the medical word, after all.
Then the Mary on the screen pulls up a picture from somewhere. She points it towards the camera, so Tony has a good view on what’s on it. He recognizes Peter instantly. He’s so young, sitting there between Mary and the man that must be Richard. Tony chokes only a little bit when he sees that it’s a picture of the family together.
“Dad, what are you doing?” Peter asks, pulling his head away.
something different.
This whole story was so vague. Yaël never noticed the Queen was so powerful she could send people to other planets. Nor did she ever seemed to have an interest in Yaël, but Nilla’s story sounded logical. Of course she wasn’t executed, Völuspá needed her. But what were these strange plans Nilla was talking about? Yaël had a bad feeling about this situation.
on your own?”
had died.
Hey, she has been trying!
“I love you, Steve. And I’m sorry.” After that, he signals for FRIDAY to stop the call. He drops down on the couch, wondering how long it’ll take for him to finally get into bed.
For the whole summer break, time moved slowly. Mostly it had just been Peter waiting for them to return, for the team to be assembled again. Next to that, the first few days had been spent arguing with Tony on whether or not he was allowed to keep the suit. It’s safe to assume to which conclusion they’ve come eventually.
- Acute depressive episode
“Uh,” Tony gets out, squeezing Peter’s shoulder a bit. Then the teenager takes a step forward and puts his forehead against Tony’s shoulder as he cries some more. Awkwardly, Tony raises his hands and gently taps Peter on the back. “It’s alright, Peter.”
