John chuckled. "Hm, no. I think I would have noticed that. Good lord, your mouth..." He swallowed and Sherlock felt a prickle of satisfaction as John's cock gave a half-hearted twitch in a valiant effort to harden again.
Sherlock was a familiar sight on this floor, so people barely paid him any attention anymore when he arrived. Today, many looked up at the sound of the door opening and gave a quick glance to see who it was only to end up staring at John.
Sherlock let his head fall back into the grass and stared up at him, his eyes dark and wide and his breathing ragged. "Didn't think it would matter where precisely I ruined everything," he gasped out.
"I'll find her for you," Sherlock said, apparently unwilling to continue the argument he himself had begun. "And I will bring her home to you."
Sally nods. "What do we do first?"
John thought.
"Nope."
When the doors opened, he remembered to follow half a step behind since Johnny the dog had never been to the Yard before and therefore wouldn't know the way.
"Well," he finally said, switching to English because obviously John didn't speak more than the most rudimentary French, even in his mind. "That is unusually cruel even for me."
He paused a moment and glanced back up at the Yard. The lights in 3b were still off, so chances were that no one had discovered John yet. The meeting room was out of the way and unless John shouted and made a lot of a ruckus, he was unlikely to be found quickly at this time of night. And even if they did it wouldn't matter. Sherlock only needed a head start. He would only need about an hour to get to the address in the text.
"Lube?" John finally asked, once he managed to gather enough brain cells to form a word. "C-condoms?"
"John ..." he says again, then swallows and looks away, visibly pulling himself together. "Are you ready now?"
He reached out and brushed the back of his hand very gently along Sherlock's left cheekbone.
Since there was no point in lying about in bed now that he was awake and because he was actually feeling a bit peckish, John shook off the covers, jumped off the bed with a quiet 'thump' and went down the stairs and into the kitchen. It was then that he remembered that he was incapable of making his own breakfast on account of not having opposable thumbs anymore. For a moment he thought about returning to bed but his stomach was growling and now that he was only one level above her and awake enough to pay attention, he could hear Mrs Hudson snoring softly in her bedroom downstairs, so getting her to help him was not an option.
Sherlock, sitting cross-legged on the floor across from him, found the whole thing hilarious. The bastard even had the nerve to keep time with a stop watch.
That was the moment where John thought it might be a good time to interfere.
"Which you don't intend to," John concluded. "How am I ever going to use the bathroom?"
John shook his head. "I killed three people. I'm not proud of it but I'm not sorry either."
, so repulsive you don't want others even falsely believing it?"
John didn't know, didn't dare let himself think that what he had seen was a split second of longing, didn't allow himself to think like that. Because Sherlock had already made his stance clear on that subject and John was being an idiot right now.
He nodded. "Thank you, Mrs Hudson."
“And did she always live in London?”
She burst into tears.
Sherlock shot him a surprised look, which was to be expected after their earlier conversation about John not wanting strangers in their flat. Yet he nodded without hesitation. "If you trust us enough to come with us, we would be safe in our flat," he told the Psy.
"Mary Morstan, or whatever her name was. She killed my baby sister. Her name was Samantha. She was on holiday with some of her friends. They were just having dinner at a restaurant. There was some bigwig politician sitting at a table just behind them. She had no idea - she wasn't much into foreign politics. She certainly didn't have a clue that he was less than popular, that this was a rare public outing. He had a bunch of bodyguards with him but they didn't block the view from the window properly. Sam got up from her chair just as Miss Morstan pulled the trigger. She didn't stand a chance."
Lestrade shrugged. "There you are, then. He's being affectionate in the only way he can be right now. And you're blocking him by refusing to pet him beyond the absolutely necessary. It puts both of you on edge. And whether or not you pet him will not make a difference to his mindset possibly becoming more dog-like when he's already got everyone else stroking him at every possible opportunity."
He knew he could follow Sherlock - it didn't need a consulting detective to find the kitchen, after all - but Sherlock clearly wanted to get some distance between them, probably in the hopes that John would forget all about it and not mention the topic again.
"John," Molly repeated. "I was enquiring about him. He's usually with you." She gave another shaky smile. "He never wrinkles his nose at me."
But before he could get a grasp on him, the attack on his mind resumed and it took all his available energy to keep his shields up and the traps active. Undoubtedly Moriarty had planned this. He should have killed him right away, should have let his curiosity take a back-seat just once in order to rid the world of this monster.
He merely shrugged and took a seat. "I have a tendency to get into places I want to be in. Incidentally, your security is abysmal."
"I wanted to apologise for yesterday," John said and Sherlock narrowly avoided choking on his breakfast. "I shouldn't have barged in or talked to you the way I did. It was out of line."
"Didn't you ask?"
Which, he registered blearily, was exactly what Sherlock was currently doing.
"What?" Sherlock asked when he noticed John's gaze on him.
John, being the romantic that he was, couldn't help but ask: "And will you? Take him back?"
John looked up at him, wide-eyed and surprised, clearly aware of the sudden tension in the air between them. He didn’t look angry about it, either, which was destabilising to Sherlock’s thought processes.
He didn't know how to stop that and found he also didn't want to. For all intents and purposes, he was a dog at the moment. And this was what dogs did. There was no point making anyone suspicious by behaving oddly. And he rather liked the excuse to stay close to Sherlock. He liked his large hands on his head and back, liked breathing in air that was so full of Sherlock there seemed hardly any oxygen in it. And he wished he could have more.
After that, he crossed the office towards Lestrade. In the general chaos of his sudden transformation, he had hardly paid any attention to the man.
And then, from one second to the next, everything went black.
a dog, of course, but pretty damn close."
Sherlock nodded, his eyes shining. "Please."
He stepped back so John could enter the room first, aware of Sherlock just behind him. Of course he wouldn't let him walk in there to face a murderer alone, no matter how harmless the man in question now was.
"Oh thank god," John said, grasping Sherlock's face in both hands. "Are you all right? How is your head?"
Sherlock shook his head. "I don't know. I suppose they're not criminally insane."
"Only my brother and Lestrade know," Sherlock told her. "As far as anyone else is concerned, John is visiting his sister in rehab and I am looking after my parents' dog."
Sherlock nods and stands, holding out his hand to pull John to his feet. "Good night, John."
"Fine," Sherlock sighed. "He's eating fine, he's drinking enough water, I take him for walks at least twice a day, he still bullies me into eating and sleeping and I know Mrs Hudson has been sneaking him treats behind my back. He seems happy enough, but he would obviously prefer being himself again."
When she first saw him, Mary tried to talk to John and his only words had been "I have nothing to say to you". That had been that.
Vaguely, he was aware of another gasp somewhere behind him and a muttered apology before the trolley rattled on, much faster than before. Sherlock could only hope that Harold had gotten the message but the interruption was at least enough to make him remember where and with whom he was and why.
He hung up before Mycroft could respond and went to direct the medics upstairs.
Sherlock opened the door. "Hop in."
This year, though, she isn't alone. She has Dante and Molly and Mrs Hudson. She has ... friends.
But on nights like tonight, it was easy to believe that they would always have this. On nights like this, it was easy to think that this was as close to perfection as a person could possibly get. On nights like this, John thought he could happily spend the rest of his life like this (minus the dog part) and never wish for anything else.
"You heard me," Sherlock said calmly. "Now, are you going to come down here or do I need to do everything myself? I can pull you down if I want to."
He leaned back in his seat, took note of the time, and kept his eyes on John for the ride. He was utterly incapable of resisting the urge to reach down and stroke his hand through the thick fur of John's back every now and then and saw no reason to stop himself. Any concerned dog owner would be attempting to keep their pet calm in a high-stress situation such as this one.
Sherlock hummed. "Mmmh, so I did. I believe I still have some toes in the frid-"
Smiling, Sherlock leaned back in his seat. “Therein lies the difference.
"Because this is what people do when they feel things," John told him. "We like our friends and we feel close to them even if we do not see them for some time or even speak to them. But in the end, if she had called me out of the blue to ask me a favour or request a meeting, I would have come. And she would have done the same for me. So yes, I'm sad. And if I get my hands on whoever is responsible for her death, Lestrade and his lot will be the least of his problems."
"God, Sherlock," John groaned. "Are you trying to kill me?"
It was obvious from the look on Sherlock's face that John had moved up from "rare fungus under the sink" to "incredibly exciting and creative quadruple murder in a locked room on a ship". It meant there was no way in hell that Sherlock was going to give up and there was nothing, not even a very sudden and very violent explosion nearby, that would distract him from his goal. A goal that happened to be finding out the very thing John really didn't want to tell him. Oh hell.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not if it was hidden well enough. Come on, I want to check something."
And right now, all he wanted was more. More touch, more of John.
That evening, once they got back from their spontaneous hike, John excused himself after dinner. Sherlock lingered behind, held back by the Channings peppering him with questions about how he had solved the case and for how long he had known who the killer was.
After a moment's hesitation, Sherlock's arms came up around him to return the hug, his hands sneaking carefully across John's back as if unsure of their welcome. John found he couldn't blame him. Not after everything that had happened between them.
It was moments like these that usually made John feel like he had aged ten years in just as many minutes, watching Sherlock engage a killer in some dark alley and unerringly cutting it uncomfortably close, narrowly escaping the flashing blade of a knife or a bullet whizzing past.
The simple question sent his mind skitting back to the very first night John had touched him, giving him every opportunity to say no and at the same time every reason to say yes.
"Are you?"
Sherlock sighed and turned to face him. "So they think you're gay.
"Me? What does it have to do with me?"
Standing in the freezing bathroom with his hands on John Watson's arse and said man's tongue in his mouth was pure and utter bliss. He must have been very tired indeed last night - it seemed impossible that John had managed to talk him into sleeping after kissing him breathless. Right now, sleep was the very last thing on his mind.
"I want you to," he continued, frowning. "I think." Another pause. "To take advantesh, I mean."
Sherlock nodded. "I don't want to do nothing else but this," he murmured. "I want everything, John. I want to kiss your neck and your chest. I want to find out what your nipples feel like in my mouth and if there is any difference between them. I want to taste your skin and your sweat and your semen, if you'll let me."
Mr Hendriksen nodded. "Yes, although heaven knows where he got it from. This is a small hotel and although we have a lot of regular guests and are a sort of insider tip with people who want a quiet getaway, there is not so much money to go around for us to have lavish salaries."
John snorted. "Not even remotely. I need to find a job and a better place to stay or I'll have to try my luck elsewhere."
"Her toy," Sherlock said, forcing himself not to react to how well John could still read him. "Where is it?"
But he had never had occasion to work around love. So Sherlock hit him with all of it, a messy flood of love and adoration and loyalty. He had never tried to destroy someone else's shields before but that was yet another thing Moriarty had never expected someone else to do to him. He certainly hadn't ever dreamt of having someone attack his mind with love.
Oh. He had honestly forgotten about the ring at that point. It was just another part of him.
"I'll survive."
Now was most definitely not the time for this.
John drew back for a moment, one hand reaching for Sherlock’s testicles and making him almost sob with need. “Come on, love.”
Clothes in the closet that smelled of laundry detergent and diesel exhaust of London buses, of wet pavement and stale cigarette smoke.
“Oh dear, I hope I’m not interrupting.” Mycroft’s voice was oozing fake sincerity, so much so that Sherlock felt tempted to stretch out his hand to see if the phone was dripping.
“And then there is you,” Molly added.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "If you must."
"If the pack has already replied-"
Sherlock Holmes merely looked at him, his gaze calm and steady. "Because if the Psy council found out why I was here, I would be either forcefully rehabilitated or summarily executed. There isn't much of a difference between the two."
He heaved the bird out of the fridge and onto a relatively clean spot on the kitchen table.
As might have been expected, the next thing that did happen was another murder.
There was a pause and he heard her bustling about the house in search of writing material.
*****
Lestrade sighed. "Fine. Don't mind me. Just ... do your thing. Lord knows there's no one who could possibly stop you two."
"Yes?"
"A fair point," Mycroft conceded. "Though that has hardly stopped you in the past. Have you hammered out the terms of your divorce at least?"
*****
He shrugged. "John says there is nothing more precious to a changeling than their cub. This pack has seen enough death."
"I love you, too," John said and kissed his forehead.
"Mr Holmes," Mrs Munkeld said, clearly caught by surprise when he entered. "I didn't expect you to come by. How did you get in here?"
"You moved out," Sherlock repeated, dumbfounded. "You moved back here."
rehearsal?" John echoed. "You mean there's more than one?"
A moment later, the fluffy white towel obscured his sight and Sherlock worked his way from John's head down his neck and along his body, leaving his legs for last as he dried him with quick, efficient moves, careful not to pull at John's fur.
He said so out loud and John laughed and pressed a kiss to Sherlock's hair. "Speaking of ... how is the dissonance?"
*****
He strode past the Yarders and out of Lestrade's office. It had been three years but he knew there was a chronically unused meeting room down the hall that people avoided because of its small size. The size might be an issue but it was also secluded and he needed privacy for this, or what little illusion of it there was in this place.
But not every child adapted to Silence as well as the Council wished. Failure to uphold Silence became punishable by forced rehabilitation and in particularly tough cases the 'patient' ends up as little more than an empty shell suited for basic manual labour afterwards.
"I noticed," the vet said, rolling her eyes. "It's fine, Jenny. You know how people get about their pets."
Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and buried his face in John's neck, breathing him in, enjoying the warmth of John's chest against his and the strength of John's arms holding him close.
Sherlock blinked at him. "No. He might try, but it is unlikely he would be successful unless I was already mentally weakened. And even so I could launch a counter-attack to find him in the crowd and use my telekinesis to stop him."
Sherlock felt his mood deteriorate. He had thought he might be making progress but perhaps he had actually taken a giant leap backward.
Sally crosses her arms and remains standing. There is a tiny chance he doesn't know how inferior it makes a person - a woman especially - feel to sit when someone else - particularly a man - is standing above them. There is a very big chance he does know and frequently uses it to his advantage.
The exasperation in John's voice, on his face, was achingly familiar. Sherlock would gladly defy him over this if only he could win himself another minute or two of John's much-missed presence.
"I'm keeping you," John said again. "Just you."
John laughed. "Nah, it's too late for that, sorry. I just want to spend every minute of every day in bed with you."
"I want you to come home," John repeated. "Don't ... don't do this to us, Sherlock. Please. Don't hide away out here when we need you at home."
Carried by his own velocity, John rolled over him, accidentally slamming the man's head against the ground and knocking him out before his own body came to a stop in a muddy puddle.
John frowned. “I’d have expected them to kill me, then.”
Sherlock racked his brain for something. "I ... I could phone Lestrade, ask if he's got something. Or maybe ..." He paused, remembering. "Wait here."
And underneath that, he wrote the completely unrelated letter that no one was ever supposed to read.
John put one hand on his chest and Sherlock could feel it burning through his suit jacket and shirt and found himself wishing he wasn't wearing either. John's other hand moved to cup his cheek and Sherlock turned his head into it, wondering if it would be too daring to press his lips to John's palm.
Sherlock grabbed a pen and paper and scribbled down the name, address and contact details he could recall. “Here.”
“Do you think you could eat something tonight?” John asked. “You haven’t had a proper breakfast and three cups of tea don’t count.”
“Come to join me after all?” John asked, grinning as he peeked around the shower curtain. “I was wondering how long it’d take you.”
Molly made a noise that was dangerously close to a snort but when she spoke, her tone was as neutral as his. "Then, for the sake of convenience, I hope it will continue for some time."
Sherlock took a surprised breath and then relaxed.
"You caught us." Arthur didn't sound the least bit embarrassed. "We were curious as to who would show up here at this hotel at such a time."
This is news to Sally. "He seems to be doing a great job of it."
"You know, Nightstar. That powerful Psy clan that has all those freaks who can see the future? She just up and left, joined Sasha Duncan in the DarkRiver pack down in San Francisco. Gosh, John, you're so out of the loop!"
And this ... this was what John had been waiting for. This closeness, Sherlock's surrender clearly telegraphed by every line of his body as he sagged against the wall, blindly seeking out John's mouth and kissing him back.
"Now, now, Doctor Watson. I am sure we can dispense with the pleasantries on this occasion," Councillor Holmes said. "For once, our goals are the same. I trust you will not shred me to pieces when I approach - I am sure my brother will eventually have need of me. And so might you, come to that."
"Don't remember," his flatmate muttered, suddenly very busy with his tea. "How'd I get home?"
Mrs Hendriksen sniffed. "The poor lad. I really don't understand why he had to die. Stealing food isn't the kind of crime that gets punished so viciously it would be worth committing a murder to cover it up, is it?"
And while Sherlock was itching to pet Johnny until his fingers fell off, he knew that John would not be very happy with such an endeavour. It just wasn't done. The mere idea of a belly rub became incredibly awkward the moment he mentally replaced the canine form with the human one.
John knew he would not have a lot of time until the man reached the outer door and discovered his two henchmen.
It was a relief to be back at Baker Street an hour later, away from all these people with their false sympathy and their empty words.
John smiled. "So you're saying we should ... lie low for a bit?"
"That's what I thought. Come on then."
Sherlock pulled his knees closer to his chest, made himself even smaller. "Please don't be cruel."
For a couple of dazed seconds, he thought he was experiencing a mild earthquake before he remembered that London didn’t have earthquakes. From there it was only a small step to realising the source of the shaking was Sherlock, who lay with his back to him and was caught in yet another nightmare.
"Must've been a pretty dusty attic," John commented, letting Sherlock's remark about punching him slide.
"No harm will come to me in this house," Mycroft told him. "But I can not let you get a lock on the interior."
"I'm not-"
And it wasn't as if anything could ever have come of it anyway. Sometimes, he wondered whether he might have been brave enough to make a move, if there was no Mary. But if it wasn't for her, there wouldn't be any dance lessons and the entire thing was stupid. He should stop thinking about it right now.
They both knew it mattered a whole lot but Mycroft was kind enough not to say so.
Sally nods to herself, opens her notepad to a fresh page and starts searching their database for the statements made by family, friends, colleagues and neighbours. Somewhere, they missed something. They must have.
"What's up with you, by the way?"
The conversations he had with them went approximately as follows:
As recently as yesterday, John would have flown off the handle. He knew it. But the note he had found was still clear in his mind and he couldn't fault Sherlock for not discussing it with him. Deep down, all he felt was relief.
Sally, to her own surprise, finds herself blushing.
Taking that as his cue, John gently slipped away from her and, as Sherlock distracted her with questions about her husband's walking habits and daily routine, quietly sneaked out of the room to have a good sniff around the place.
But last night ... he wasn’t quite sure why he had asked, though he had been meaning to for quite some time. Even on his wedding day, a small voice inside him had wondered if Sherlock would really let him do this. It was possible a part of him had even hoped Sherlock wouldn’t. Apparently, he would have.
Cool, collected, unaffected. Something about his expression also suggested a hint of disgust. Clearly, he hadn't enjoyed the experience, regardless of the fact that it had been his idea in the first place.
"I was looking for my magnifying glass, the number 2 one. Have you seen it?"
John blinked and shook his head, wondering what his expression had been like if this was the conclusion Sherlock had jumped to. For a moment, he was incredibly glad he was a dog and his face was therefore that much harder to read, because even Sherlock could not have mistaken his expression for anything but what it was if he had been human.
Banishing those thoughts from his mind, he focused on washing the shampoo out of his hair while he methodically rebuilt all his walls and defenses against sentiment. There would be no more slip-ups, no more close calls or sudden bursts of desperate lust. He would stay calm and controlled and he would not let John see just how out his depth he really was.
"He asked me to help him figure out how much alcohol they could safely consume for maximum fun and minimum consequences," Molly chimes in. "He made an app and everything."
Perhaps not everything was lost. Perhaps the Sherlock he had known and trusted with his life was still somewhere in there.
Sherlock hummed. “I think that can be arranged.”
Her searching gaze met his and he thought he saw a flash of defeat in her eyes. "He's finally told you, then."
There were several beats of silence as Sherlock processed that. "Oh."
Just like that, John was in front of him, warm hands on his upper arms, guiding him backwards and forcing him to sit on the edge of his bed as John crouched before him, looking worried.
He didn't need to be told twice.
"Holidays," Sherlock said. "We come here in the summer holidays, with Rosie. Two weeks at least, perhaps four. I want her to ... to know this place. To understand how a village differs from a city, beyond the obvious."
He looked up when they arrived and hurried over.
She had barely left when a voice from the door drew his attention.
*****
Sherlock smiled. "Just as I should be."
Sherlock watched carefully, muscles tense in case he had to go over there and intervene.
John pauses. Breathes. But this isn't fair. Not like this. "Not yet," he says.
Lestrade sat down on the edge of the bed. Well, fuck. What was he supposed to do with that? But deep down he couldn't help the swell of warm pride. That Sherlock had reached out to him of all people made him think that perhaps this friendship wasn't entirely one-sided after all.
"You know," he said, deciding to shrug the entire incident off. "You could have told me."
Sherlock didn't waste another second. He had already flung out his telekinesis to form a protective bowl beneath the cub in case he fell while they still argued. Now, he carefully extended it farther, wrapping his power around the cub as carefully as he would handle an extremely unstable chemical. The cub made a startled sound and some of the adults shouted words of reassurance up to him.
He caught the bartender's eye, ordered a pint and leaned against the bar, casually pursuing the crowd.
John rather feels like he has two babies to take care of and is not at all surprised to find that Rosie is much lower maintenance than a bored, sniffling genius. While his daughter is easily placated with stuffed animals and her other toys, keeping Sherlock occupied during his sporadic periods of wakefulness is a full-time job.
Pleasure sparked through his entire body, his brain overtaken by unrestrained lust. In theory, he knew it was his own hand giving him pleasure, but the fact that the hand in question was also touching John at the same time added a heretofore unknown element to the endeavour.
He smiles. "Anything for you, Mrs Hudson."
A stupid mistake. She shouldn't have used the same name twice. But she did and now here she sits, glaring daggers at Sally and not saying a word.
"Oh? Did you think I wouldn't be angry?"
"Angry," Sherlock finished for him. "You were angry. I understand that, John."
Some of the old hangars had been repurposed as warehouses and half of them had been taken over by a logistics company, but the one John aimed for stood too far away from all the others to be of much use to investors and had fallen into disrepair after various failed attempts to turn it into a business space.
“Ah.” John waited.
He thought the skin of his right hand was going to burn right off with the need to grasp John’s hand and not let go.
John laughed and shook his head. "Brilliant."
There was another sound, quieter, a gasping gurgle that didn't sound healthy at all. They listened in rapt silence as Sherlock apparently struggled to his feet.
And then he stops thinking as John's hands come up, mirroring Sherlock's own, and he lets his thumbs stroke along Sherlock's cheekbones like he can't believe Sherlock is real.
Mary stood in front of it with her back to him, looking down into the crib and humming softly.
Mrs Hudson nodded. "I haven't looked at them yet. I thought we could go through them together, if you boys like."
So. She'll focus on that, then. The pool.
John cleared his throat. "I was just wondering if you don't think it's time now."
He doesn't deny the hacking, she notes.
Sherlock nodded. There was nothing the damage could tell him that he didn't already know.
They got one a little over an hour later, when Lestrade himself arrived at Baker Street, looking haggard and harassed and smelling of too much coffee and not enough sleep.
"A what?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock's warm breath on his face, in his lungs, his soft hair curling around John's fingers as he tried to angle Sherlock's head for better access ... god, it was intoxicating.
His mate.
"I, too, could not bear to be related to a moron, though you do your best to be one at times," Mycroft said.
"I don't see what any of the other guests have to do with it," Mr Hendriksen said.
"Of course," Wiltshire said. "Wouldn't want to get you in trouble with your man, eh?" He shuffled his feet. "Listen, uh, he doesn't get abusive or anything, does he?"
John decided to back up a bit. "Okay, fine. Are you coming then?"
The wall of heat had vanished and he had fallen asleep again, but the memory of it - and the quiet words - still lingered in his mind.
"Very subtle," Sherlock said dryly. "Really, Mrs Hudson, what is that supposed to teach him?"
“Dr. Watson? Dr. Watson, can you hear me?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Hold out your hand for him to sniff and relax. He won't bite. It appears he likes being petted, or perhaps that's only when women do it, so maybe try that."
"John?"
"Yes of course."
Sherlock gave him a blank look. "Your point?"
It was a short, brisk walk back to their hotel. Now that they were moving again, John found time to really appreciate just how cold he had been as the blood rushed back into his feet and his toes smarted as he walked. From the look on Sherlock's face, he was experiencing something similar.
Sherlock was precisely where he had left him, stretched out on his side with his face half buried in his pillow, hair sleep-mussed and body lax.
"You didn't have to think about what it means for the police," Sally sighs. "Same as me."
Henryk paused in contemplating his hand and smiled at his wife. "Worse, my dear, and we still are. You young people think anyone above the age of 50 becomes a monk. Ah, to be young and clueless again."
They took a cab and reached the office building half an hour later and Sherlock marched to the reception desk with the air of someone who has important business to conduct and no time for anyone to ask silly questions such as "What is a dog doing in here?".
He had gotten his goodbye. That was important. He had gotten his goodbye and now he needed to honour it.
He took a moment to compose an answer for Lestrade as John wagged his tail at him before standing and stretching. He turned to Sherlock with an expectant look on his face.
She sends a quick text to Molly, not at all surprised when the pathologist immediately agrees. It occurs to her that all three of them need more of a social life. She thinks of Holmes. Well, all four of them.
"Eighteen hours left, approximately," Sherlock murmured against his mouth. "Maybe twenty, if the celebrations last unexpectedly long."
"It's for her cat, how often must I tell you?" Mrs Hudson protested half-heartedly.
John reached for Sherlock’s hands and pulled them up and above his head, twining their fingers together and enjoying the feeling of Sherlock arching against him, body begging for more even as he visibly bit back the words. Another challenge, John thought, pleased.
Once he was done securing their flat, he sat back and waited for Sherlock to emerge from his mind so they could continue. Or get started, depending on how you looked at it.
"You ...?" John gasped, recovering from his coughing fit. "When?"
Sherlock wondered if they had realised that he hadn't actually said anything at all on the progress of the case but decided not to draw their attention to that. Instead, he put on his best fake smile. "My pleasure. No, don't get up, I can find my own way out. Goodbye."
he reminded himself and committed the sight and sound of John to memory even as he joined in his laughter.
Sherlock threw the tennis ball for him for a bit and John found that wet grass made him slip and slide much more than he would have expected to. Sherlock at least seemed to find it hilarious, though he finally took mercy on him and returned the ball to the bag. "That's enough of that now. We'll take the right turn up ahead. I want to go past Mr Forsythe's crime scene on our way to his widow."
John's steps sound on the stairs and Sherlock turns towards the sitting room door.
"It wasn't tainted, though, and I made sure he was exposed in a controlled environment. The same environment that later turned out not to be controlled at all, as is your responsibility to ensure. And I'm not the one who decided to engage in interspecies experimentation."
He nodded. "Just some basic arithmetic to see if there were any obvious patterns." He ran a hand through his hair. "I have a book on complex equations somewhere but I didn't get around to looking for it last night. I'll just have to make a phone call and get them this way."
Mycroft gave him a long look. “Yes, I rather think I do. The question is ... are you really as furious as you would like to believe?”
Which means that Sally herself will need to be careful. Keeping a secret from Sherlock Holmes is difficult enough when you see him at work every now and then. It will be almost impossible living in the same house as him. But she needs people to talk this through with. People who can keep a secret and whom she can talk to without Holmes thinking twice about it.
*****
“You’d have exceeded at it,” Sherlock told him seriously. “Just as you excelled in everything else you do.”
"You are going to be so embarrassed about all of this tomorrow," John said, grinning. "I bet I'll be able to get you to actually clean out the fridge if I promise to never bring tonight up ever again in return."
Sherlock groaned. "Keep talking and I won't be able to sleep ever again."
Just then the door opened and someone switched on the light. Blinded, John blinked and looked up into the resigned faces of Mycroft Holmes and DI Lestrade.
"John!"
"How many?" he asked. "How many does it take for the Net to be stable enough?"
They're interrupted by Anthea offering them a ride home. John accepts gratefully and soon they are ensconced in the back seat of one of Mycroft's limousines. Anthea sits in the passenger seat, tapping away on her phone. Her presence is a welcome buffer to John because he knows Sherlock will continue their conversation, will demand an answer, and John doesn't have one. All he knows is that somewhere his sister is laughing at him.
"John moved back in the day I arrested Mary," Sally says. "I don't think he's been able to go anywhere on his own since then."
*****
Sherlock shrugged. "That I loved you, that I would do anything you asked of me if only you didn't marry her. I went to the bathroom as soon as we arrived at the church and tried to pull myself together and I prayed to every god I don't believe in to make it stop." His voice dropped to a whisper. "And then she got shot."
"I think I can swear to it," Sherlock said, his lips about a hair's breadth away.
But did he also notice there was only one armchair, shoved into a corner and rarely used? Had he noticed the oil painting of Baker Street that hung above it? Did he see the dozens of little details that screamed homesickness at Sherlock as if it were written on the wall in pink graffiti?
Ice, like a frozen lake in deepest winter, and the sharp scent of chemicals, death, and - oddly enough - the warm smell of rosin.
"Well, there is," John reminded him, crossing his arms. "Don't tell me you didn't know I was engaged."
"I'm looking into some older cases," Sally explains, shooting a sideways glance at Holmes. "So there are a lot of reference files and badly written reports to sort through."
God, he had hoped to never have to find Sherlock like this again.
Lestrade snorted. "Yeah yeah, whatever you say. Just ... try not to be a complete dickhead, yeah? And give John my best. I'll call as soon as I'm able."
"Well that's hardly a surprise," Sherlock growled at him. "Do you know how many trains of thought I follow at any given time? I'm standing right here, having this tedious conversation with you while at the same time I'm unable to do anything to return him to the body he's supposed to be in, while also having to solve your bloody murder and the only thing I can do is watch a bloody autopsy and send John off to the park with Donovan. And here you are, asking me if
"I asked her to take Johnny to the park," Sherlock said calmly. "Can't have a dog in a hospital, Lestrade.  Apparently it's against the rules."
"Yeah, fine," Lestrade sighed, waving his hand in a shooing motion. "Go play with your, uh, dog."
"How did you-?"
Sherlock turned to John, grinning triumphantly. "See?"
"Indeed," Sherlock confirmed. "His flat still had a faint scent of baby powder in the air. It took me a while to place the smell as I don't usually deal with babies."
For a moment, he considered ignoring it, but then he realised it was Lestrade. There might be a case. Just the thing to distract him now.
Sherlock lay with his back to him, still fully clothed in the beautiful suit he had worn earlier and curled up tight. For all his gangly limbs, he looked shockingly small. He was breathing very softly and John wasn't sure if he was even awake.
The man Sherlock had identified as an investment banker (and John didn't bother asking how he knew, probably from the way his shoelaces were tied) appeared to be in his mid-thirties and not at all above subtly flashing his wealth for everyone to see, judging by the brand new Rolex gleaming on his wrist and the diamond cuff links. If he was aware of the blond twin sisters throwing not-so-subtle glances in his direction every couple of seconds, he didn't show it.
"So am I." The words slipped out despite his best attempt to bite his tongue. Sherlock winced, hoping against hope that John might not have heard.
Despite his questions, he swung his legs out of bed and got up, idly scratching the back of his neck as he followed John out of his room and down the hall. John made a mental note of the sound of Sherlock trailing after him, feet shuffling thanks to his too-long pyjama trousers. He probably wouldn't tread on them if he bothered to pull the trousers a bit higher instead of wearing them low on his hips.
"You make it sound as if we're having sex in a semi-public place," John said, snorting.
Lestrade made a face and said. “Did you know Mary was pregnant?”
"Sorry?"
He was wrong.
"Fair enough," John allowed. "I'm sure they will return soon to give us an update on the case."
That night, while Sherlock fell asleep with surprising ease, his body apparently adapting to a regular sleep-schedule, John stayed wide awake.
He let that hang there for a bit. John, his tea cup raised halfway to his face, sat frozen and simply stared at him. Finally, he carefully lowered his cup. "Sherlock..."
"Oh, be honest, John. You and I both know that a Corgi would have a better legs-to-body ratio to your human form than a Toller."
"You ..." He cleared this throat and tried again. "You really mean that. You're serious."
She doesn't even try to pretend she liked it.
He opened his mouth and Lestrade carefully collected his sample, stowing away the kit in the inside pocket of his coat afterwards. “Thank you. God, I hate this job sometimes.”
*****
Sherlock turned his head toward him. John was staring at his datapad "John? Was I wrong?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Not nearly as drunk as you. At least I am still in possession of my fine motor skills. See?" He indicated the Christmas tree.
And when he finally remembered, it was far too late.
"Got him from Molly," she says. "Her cat had kittens a couple of months after ... well, after we thought Sherlock killed himself."
“Well?” she asked. “Where do I start?”
"Ah, John," Sherlock greeted him. "Take a look at his throat for me, will you?"
"Well, he's still alive," Donovan offered. "Didn't look too bad, right? Not even in intensive care and all. Looks like he's even got someone to look after him."
And he had. It seemed so normal to be with Sherlock like this, he had honestly forgotten this was not how his life usually went.
"I thought you're the genius here," John challenged him. "Figure it out."
He spread it out on the floor so John could look at it, too. "So, here is Regent's Park. This is where they found the body," he said, indicating a spot in the eastern part of the park, close to where Chester Road met Outer Circle.
“I don’t know what to do,” Sherlock confessed. “He’s been ... almost normal, during the day. He hasn’t had any nightmares for a couple of nights, either.”
Had no one ever mentioned it to him? Not Mycroft, not even Mrs Hudson? How was it possible that John had managed to evade learning of their marriage for so long?
He got dressed in his own clothes, having less trouble with the buttons and even tying his shoe laces this time, and regarded himself in the mirror above the sink.
"I have no idea how long we'll be there, so I suppose we better take some things for you," he said as John watched him pack a large bottle of water, a bowl, the tennis ball as well as the ball launcher, another chew bone and - John wagged his tail - a bag of dog treats.
Clothing rustled as John stood.
Within the next fifteen minutes, Sally learns that Mr and Mrs Holmes are in town to see their sons and attend a musical with Sherlock's brother, whose name is Mycroft.
He looks like he's got a tooth ache. Sally smiles blandly. "Perhaps it would do you both good."
"Good thinking," Lestrade says. "Anything so far?"
As it turned out, John found himself literally facing the music the moment he opened the front door. The sound of Sherlock's violin was impossible to miss, an anxious and frantic melody drifting downstairs, interspersed with mournful sounds that made John's heart clench. One of
He scratched his dog's ears and Redbeard leaned into the touch with a soft whine of enjoyment, his tail wagging. At least someone was always glad to have him there.
Sherlock wondered if his smile was as sad as he felt. "Me too."
John could admit to himself that, if he hadn't known the mystery husband was himself, he wouldn't have found it hard to believe at all. Sherlock was loyal, even if he was very careful about hiding it from others. Of course marriage would appeal to him, if he ever lowered himself into entering a relationship with anyone. Even now, despite their shaken trust, John knew that Sherlock was loyal to him and their friendship. Everything Sherlock had said and done recently had proven it.
They all laughed and traded some good-natured jibes before Emily grasped John's arm. "What have you been up to, then?"
"Let's get to our rooms first," John reminded him laughingly. "At least long enough to drop our bags and go to the loo, all right?"
It was a sensible choice, in as much as Sherlock made sensible choices. But why on earth would he get a ring in the first place? John had handed him the divorce papers and Sherlock's response had been to put on a ring. For what? Was this an attempt to spite him? To draw unnecessary attention to their situation? No, that seemed silly. Sherlock wouldn't tell everyone he had gotten married only to get divorced a couple of weeks later. That didn't make sense.
John looked as wrecked as he felt but his voice was full of conviction. "Don't you get it? I want this, too. Always have. And I didn't know you did, didn't dare hope you did. And then you said it, just like that, like I was supposed to have known, like it was obvious. Perhaps it was to you. Perhaps it should have been to me, if I hadn't been so afraid of it." He shook his head and swallowed. "I'm not afraid of it anymore. The only thing I'm still afraid of is having to live without you."
Angry with himself and the unfairness of the world, John kicked a twig on his path, watching as it flew into some nearby bushes. The small outburst of violence didn't make him feel any better.
Sally shakes her head. "Not like this. It's like he's ... muted, somehow. He shows up, looks around, rattles off his deductions, and leaves. Doesn't insult anyone, doesn't get in anyone's face, doesn't badger Lestrade for more information or complain about the way we work. Nothing. He hasn't run off to hunt down a perp on his own since he came back."
"Do you know," Sherlock said softly, "I think our contact method just came to us."
John decided to let that slide. "Fine. Would you like some tea? Coffee?"
"I still do," John said. "I know I shouldn't but I can't help myself. I can't not wonder."
Now he really did feel restless. He felt ready to jump out of his own skin, wanted to hurl himself out of the bed and pace the room until all this manic energy subsided and he could think clearly once more.
“But you would have let me marry her. If ... if she hadn’t been killed. If everything had gone off without a hitch. You would have still let me.”
"Sherlock."
It wasn't a lie. But it wasn't the truth either.
He slammed a mental door on that thought.
It took some effort but Sherlock managed a smile that didn't look like he had a tooth ache.
He grabbed Sherlock’s elbow and made to steer him through the gate.
John deserved someone like him, someone human or changeling, who didn't come with a murderous Council on his back and a lack of emotional anything. He deserved someone who could touch him without getting a brain haemorrhage
"There, that's enough. Can't have you getting fat. No, don't look at me like that, you're not getting any more of those today. And don't even think of trying to open the tin on your own, or I'll be forced to tape it shut."
Sherlock turned without a word to lead the way out of the lab but John caught his arm, making him freeze. "I should probably walk in front, seeing as you're the civilian here," he said.
I wish all of you a lovely holiday season and I hope you get to spend it with your loved ones.
"U-unless that ph-phrase is used in r-reference to a-an actual skelet-tt-ton, I can assure you th-that being wet to the b-bones is quite impossible. S-surely as a m-medical man you sh-should know that, J-John."
John huffed and stayed where he was, watching the fork go back and forth between the plate and Sherlock's mouth.
friendly."
John laughed. “I’m not going to leave this place in a hurry, I promise. Well, except to run after you when we’ve got a case on.”
Sherlock sighed. "The thing is ... I don't think he
oblivious?
Sherlock lowered his violin after a particularly nice part that had been rather more upbeat than the music he usually played.
He put the pen back down and made an addition behind her name, a hope for the future more than anything else.
John shook his head but didn't lift it, his voice muffled by his sleeve as he spoke. “I … not really? He drugged
John thought about what to say next. "My senses were so much better than you can imagine," he finally said. "I heard the trains moving in and out of Baker Street station, rattling beneath the city. I heard the "Mind the gap" announcements. I heard your heartbeat from up in my room at night when everything else was quieter. I could hear every breath you took and Mrs Hudson snoring and the neighbours down the street arguing. And my nose ... god, the scents. The pollution levels are terrible but the disinfectant in Baskerville and in St. Bart's was worse. I was so glad when you asked Donovan to take me out for a walk rather than forcing me to stay there."
Sherlock finished searching the bathroom and went back into the main room. He pulled open the closet doors and started inspecting the clothes arrayed on the hangers and piled in the drawers and on the shelves.
Molly nodded. "I can't find the evidence but I can sort of feel it when I focus. Like the smell of smoke long after the fire is out."
Sherlock swallowed hard. He couldn't speak around the lump in his throat, so he simply moved in and kissed John again and that seemed to convey the message just fine.
John doesn't know what precisely happened during the conversation they had, but after that Sherlock has been avoiding both St. Bart's and Molly, conveniently leaving the flat every time she comes by to visit Rosie and only returning long after she had gone.
"I'm not sleeping on top of the blankets this time," he warned. "Don't have a fur to keep me warm anymore."
John opened his mouth, probably to protest, and Sherlock pressed on. "Look me in the eyes and tell me you wouldn't have done the same if our roles had been reversed two years ago. If it had been my life on the line instead of yours."
Sherlock blinked. "Excuse me?"
And less than a month from now, he would say these words out loud and he knew his voice wouldn't waver because he had never been surer of anything in all his life.
A collective
That was fair, John thought. He didn't quite trust himself, either.
Sometimes, the universe truly was too cruel for words.
His friend was completely unaware of his thoughts, ears perked and tongue lolling and his head swivelling from side to side to take in as much as he could. Sherlock wondered what the world looked and smelled and sounded like to him. He could only hope that John would be able to describe his experience once he was back in his human body.
Sherlock, however, was taking perfectionism to a whole new level. He looked like he hadn't slept in a week, his hair was dishevelled from countless hours of running his hands through the curls and his usually pristine suit was wrinkled, suggesting he had been wearing it for at least two days in a row - something that never happened.
"You saw the alley. There was no space."
He stood and smiled at Donovan. "Why don't we go over there and you can give the kids a little show? Bet it's been a while since they met a raven."
*****
"Perhaps I should just kill everyone, then," Moriarty suggested. "Now there would be a task. Thank you, Sherlock Holmes. I shall consider this in more detail once I'm done with you."
Hope.
"Does anyone else know?," she asks instead.
She turned to him and there was another bullet hole in her chest, red blooming on the white of the wedding gown she had not been wearing a moment ago.
He was asleep, mouth half open and features slack. His entire body was relaxed for once.
Sally knows she has to tread carefully here. She can't say too much, even though the answer is plain as day to everyone but John.
John shuddered.
The book Sherlock quotes to John is "Jingo" by Sir Terry Pratchett. I can only recommend it and all his other works to all of you. They taught me what it means to be human.
"I ... it's not on the video?" John asked, confused. "She has this plush animal Mrs Hudson gave her for her first birthday. A bee. She won't part with it."
he reminded himself desperately.
The words echoed around his head over and over.
"Yes," Sherlock said, looking a bit hurt at the idea that John wouldn't take his word for it. "But if you are in doubt, you can ask Mrs Hudson and my brother."
Of course the dog had heard him approach.
*****
"Yes of course. There is no telling what this transformation might do. Perhaps it's merely physical. Perhaps it will slowly affect his brain and he will lose his sense of self and become increasingly canine."
"Not yet. Give me a couple of seconds," Sherlock replied, his eyes going slightly out of focus as he accessed the PsyNet. If it weren't for his slow breathing and the steady beat of his heart, the complete stillness of his body would have been eerie in the extreme.
He didn’t dare elaborate, hoping that even that had still been too obscure for John to guess at his thoughts. It would be the height of irony if John found out now.
"I should have asked," John said, leaning forward and bracing his forearms on his knees, his hands clasped. "I was so furious when you came back and I felt so betrayed, but that's no excuse for treating you the way I did. I should have asked what had happened to you while you were gone. And I definitely should have noticed you were injured."
Technically, he had only been here a month ago, but that had been in the knowledge that it was to be a short visit and he had firmly squashed the strong sensation of homesickness as he walked through the familiar space.
He spent most of the cab ride quenching down on the feeling that he had forgotten something essential.
"The bomb squad is checking the device right now," an officer already on the scene explains to her and Lestrade. "But they radioed and said it had been disabled already."
You may have noticed the chapter count has gone up - this chapter ended up being so long I decided to split it in half, just to keep the suspense going for a bit longer ;-)
Sherlock whined and kissed him again. "Please."
"I'm sorry," Haley said softly. "But I want you to know you're always welcome when you want to come home." Her tone became teasing. "You can bring your Psy flatmate. That would give them something to get their tails in a twist."
“I can’t believe she did this,” John murmured. He turned to Sherlock. “You don’t believe he forced...”
They turned towards the Yard and strode through the sliding glass doors together, as they always did. Lestrade was already waiting for them when they stepped out of the lift on his floor, looking exhausted but triumphant.
"Of course not. But we know many of them. The loud ones, the trouble-makers, the alphas and their top soldiers. If we don't know someone, it's because they stayed under the radar, led a quiet life."
Sherlock shook his head. "Calling the police won't be any help. By the time they get here, these two will be well away. I'll inform Lestrade tomorrow and give him a thorough description."
"Great," John sighed. "Well, I guess he really doesn't want to talk about it. Fine."
Sherlock did get his massage, though he insisted on working on John’s shoulder first this time. It was as if the weight of the world had been lifted off his own shoulders. They were finally, finally, on the same page, knowing precisely where they stood with one another. Coupled with the remembered intimacy from this morning, it lent a new meaning to every touch he bestowed on John’s skin, every dig of his thumbs and roll of his palms against stubborn muscle, every soft moan from John’s mouth.
"What does dissonance do to you?"
The detective wasn't done talking, however.
DI Lestrade returned on the afternoon of the following day, looking like a man who hadn’t been getting enough sleep and was getting sick of coffee. Sherlock couldn’t spare him much sympathy. All of his was being used up by John, who had finally ended up with nightmares that night and had spent a miserable hour being sick in the bathroom - a psychological reaction more than a physical one, but Sherlock had been worried nonetheless, keeping him company the entire time.
At some point, they migrated to sit on the sofa after John said his legs were starting to hurt and Sherlock felt his back begin to ache from his hunched position. They didn't let go for even a moment, doing a sort of shuffle onto the sofa and just slumping down on it, huddled together as closely as they could get.
-John's hand on his back.
Sherlock grinned. "Go fetch!"
"It's about Sherlock."
"No."
"This is the Scottish Highlands," Patricia pointed out. "Hardly a prime hub for crime, is it? What would you even do here to get at big money? Steal someone's cows?"
"Would you like me to crack open the ribcage once you have made the incision?" he offered.
Sherlock made a non-committal noise.
But he does it anyways and Sherlock gasps, a surprised puff of air, the noise stifled by John's mouth on his.
John's voice, John's words. John, right here, holding him.
Mike nodded. "Have you tried finding a flatmate?"
"Can't a woman just go and meet her fiancé when he hasn't shown his face in two days despite living with her?"
It was the understatement of the year but he couldn't help himself. Sherlock looked absolutely delighted.
*****
The autopsy seemed to drag on unnaturally long before Molly finally extracted the stomach and asked Sherlock to lift it for her. "It looks normal from the outside," she observed. "But that is to be expected."
They laughed and moved on to other, more harmless topics. As soon as Sherlock felt it was safe to do so, he retreated into his mind palace, letting their words wash over him without bothering to listen as he retraced the conversation in his mind in search of any new information that might help him with their case.
Then ... what came then?
"You all right?" Lestrade asked as Sherlock dumped two spoonfuls of sugar into his cup.
He tried to imagine John being gone, tried to erase his presence from the flat and watched the mental picture fall apart immediately.
“-and nor should you,” Sherlock agreed.
"You did," Sherlock interrupted. "You were so afraid of what I might be if you just let me. You tried putting me in box after box and none of them fit. None of them ever fit, John. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised when you finally decided to push me away for good."
"I know," John said. "But the great thing about the future is that you can change it whenever you like. And if someone gives you the choice between what you
"What?" John asked.
He smiled.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. John had all but said that ... that Sherlock mattered more. That couldn’t be right, could it?
Sherlock handed her Mycroft's card with the air of someone who is already fed up with the formalities of having to prove his identity and who labours under the apprehension that everyone should know him.
There are bits of goose sticking to his face and quite possibly the rest of the living room. He is almost glad he can't see anything.
"You aren't that old," he replies and Sally wonders if he's paying a compliment or simply in denial. "And your heart is going strong as ever. Don't think I don't know you've had John listen to it."
It would take John some time to get there, but Sherlock didn’t have any emotional attachment he had needed to let go of first.
They do find some of their colleagues about an hour later. By then there is more information available: a little girl heard something but her father thought she was imagining the effigy making sounds until they lit the fire. Two people on a motorbike arrived out of nowhere, a man and a woman.
He couldn't risk it. Not after what had happened in Afghanistan.
"What do you want me to do?" The question surprises even her.
He gave a snort. "There's nothing straight about this menace, John. I can't be any more discouraging without hitting him over the head with-" He broke off, an idea occurring to him. "You know what? Forget it."
"I'm teaching her the principles of structural integrity and gravity in a controlled environment," Sherlock says.
*****
"It was a sensible, strategic decision. With the sort of trouble we used to get into on cases, being spouses would stop us from having to give statements in court that could hurt each other and we got access to one another at the hospital, if we ever needed it. Not that we ever did."
"You can't stop progress," Sherlock told him. "Some people will do anything to keep living in the Stone Age but even the most conservative politician can only slow down the inevitable. Clinging to the past only leaves you utterly unprepared for the future and inept in the present."
With a huff, he flung himself onto the sofa for a sulk.
Sherlock nodded. "I see. Mother is quite brilliant. I suppose you might get to meet her eventually. She is a very nosy woman and has been pestering me to come visit for ages."
Of course the pack alone was not strong enough to make up the entire police force. Most of the officers you saw on the street were human or belonged to other changeling packs.
“Thanks,” Lestrade muttered and stood. “I’ll be off then, best get this to the lab as soon as possible. Let me know if there’s anything you need.”
"I, uh ... no." He rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand, suddenly feeling awkward. "Mary and I went to the registrar's office today."
After that accidental, unintentional kiss, things seemed a bit awkward for a while. It's not that Sherlock was avoiding him, not at all. He stayed in the room when John entered, he didn't make up obviously false excuses to disappear. But there seemed to be a bit of distance between them anyway. Nothing too noticeable. An extra inch between them on the sofa, Sherlock choosing the chair opposite from John rather than sitting kitty-corner as he normally would at restaurants.
Sherlock frowned. "What makes you ask that?"
He was reclining on the sofa, his dressing gown wrapped around him like a silk cocoon. Every limb of his seemed loose and relaxed and John wondered if this was what Sherlock used to look like, in the dark days of his drug addiction.
Sherlock kept touching him, murmuring wordless encouragements into his ear until John sagged against him, breathless and spent.
"Yeah, that makes sense. As I said, just reach out and see if you can arrange something and I'll be happy to talk to whomever has a bit of time on their hands."
What would Mary say to all of this? His clever, brave wife. What would she have to say about Sherlock's not-quite confession?
Sherlock remained silent, waiting for this brother to continue his train of thought.
"... effective immediately, the Council will work together with the human and changeling signees of the Trinity Accords and welcome the E-Psy into the PsyNet to help fight the infestation that has been threatening the Net-"
John shook his head. "You know what Mary said when we came back from that hotel in Scotland? She asked if you had finally told me. And when I wanted to know what she was talking about, she changed the subject. Even my own fiancée figured it out before I did. And it didn't even occur to her to tell me, to let me make a fully informed decision."
John smiled. "Isn't it just?"
“I think I ruined your t-shirt.”
John shot him a half-smile and gestured towards the sitting room. “I have time.”
*****
Sally smiles to herself - it's been a good Christmas, she thinks, as she drifts off. And it isn't over yet.
"Well," John said. "I can see why you went with 'Sherlock'."
John grinned at the ceiling. "If you're a good boy and go to sleep now, I might be persuaded to show you some pictures from my time in Afghanistan tomorrow. We rarely bothered with shirts when we were off duty."
*****
"St. Bart's hospital, please," John said. It was just around the corner, reachable on foot in less than 10 minutes, but he clearly didn't feel like walking. Sherlock found himself staring at his flatmate out of the corner of his eye, wondering what was going on. He decided to ask.
He held perfectly still as she unhooked the lead and remained by her side afterwards, though he he did roam a bit more whenever an interesting scent caught his attention.
He disappeared into his bedroom and John could hear him rummaging around, packing his things. He would have bet his right paw that at least one notebook would find its way into the bag.
"Stamford, Mike Stamford," the man prompted, clearly seeing his confusion. "We were at Bart's together!"
The hardest part would be doing it in secret. If Holmes found out, things were going to go downhill. Luckily, they already had two nights a week where they met up to chat. But she would also have to stay under Lestrade's radar, which might be even harder to accomplish.
He would stand in front of an officiant, surrounded by his friends and family, and see only John. His groom.
"That's what I thought. Perhaps you should give it a try, though. Honesty's important, I'm sure he'll appreciate you speaking up."
The very thought made him a bit ill and he fled to the bathroom to buy himself another handful of minutes so he could pull himself together before he had to face John again.
Sherlock bit his kiss-swollen lower lip and nodded. "Yes. I want to go slow but I'm afraid I also really don't."
"Right. Thought you might still notice."
“...and he even doubts she ever cared about him,” Sherlock finished, not managing to bring himself to say the word ‘love’ for fear of what Molly might read on his face if he did.
But John was also right here, standing in this very cottage, looking at him.
But of course John doesn't.
"Quite a lot," John said, his smile sharp. "Only last week I helped some guy learn how to keep his hands to himself, much to the advantage of his personal health."
"Cooey!" Mrs Hudson called as she cleared the final step up to 221b some two weeks later. "Are you boys decent?"
“Do not forget that you have been rather distracted recently,” Mycroft said. “But yes, she must have been.”
Sherlock made a face. "Did you have to mention my brother? It's Christmas, I deserve a day on which I'm not reminded of his tedious existence."
Sherlock turned to stare at him, wide-eyed and beaming. “Brilliant, John.”
Inexcusably, it had completely slipped his mind that John was not only right there next to him but also perfectly capable of picking up on the smallest hormonal fluctuations in his system thanks to a nose that put any human to shame. Of all the ways to accidentally out himself ... Sherlock shook his head.
John opens his eyes, hums, stretches lazily and murmurs 'Good morning'.
"I wanted to leave right away, keep Eliza safe," Arthur explained. "But she was quite adamant that we stay. And she was right. It is highly unlikely that any of us are in danger and the hotel is so lovely ... we don't want it to be ruined by this tragic death."
In the end, it was a good thing Sherlock always kept a bunch of money on him in case he needed to activate his Homeless Network because John definitely wouldn't have been able to cover the bill.
He sighed. Damn it. Should have known this would happen eventually. Oh well, time to confess. He took a deep breath, drew back his shoulders and said: "William Sherlock Scott Holmes. It's my name."
Sherlock could see it clearly. There was a new tightness around his eyes and the pesky tremor in his hand was back. Sherlock decided he hated the very sight of it.
By the time he climbed out of the tub, he was feeling much more human again.
He snorted. "You really really can't."
"True that," John conceded. "More than one of you and we would have ended up with such a crowd of admirers, we wouldn't have been able to walk."
"It's hardly that," John found himself replying. "We still have a couple of days left here."
"It'd be like we were before the peace treaties," John murmured.
He knew Sherlock was expecting him to back off, to step back. A couple of weeks ago, John would have.
He licked his lips, searching his mind for an explanation, any explanation, but couldn't come up with anything suitable, could hardly think around the sudden constriction in his chest and the idea that he might lose Sherlock. There was no way he could form words like this.
“It’s not,” Sherlock said. “It wasn’t then and it isn’t now. But if I were given the same choice again, I wouldn’t change a thing.”
John stopped his train of thought right there and hugged Sherlock.
She stared at him as if he had spoken in another language. "What?!"
"Sherlock, I need you to lift your foot. Now, if you please," John sighed.
Patrick shook his head. "No. Because he's here for me."
"It might be a fun way to pass the time," Patricia argued.
"Hey," John said, smiling softly. "I love you."
And now he was squirming ever so slightly, gaze skittering here and there, taking in the state of their kitchen, the fridge, the ceiling, the underside of the table - anything but John's face.
"No rush," Sherlock muttered. "He won't be expecting us for at least another hour, seeing as this is when we are usually out for a walk."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him. “Do you want to drag someone else in here for me to deduce them in five seconds or can you just take my word for it when I say that the twenty seconds it took for John to introduce us were quite enough?”
What was it about these 'skin privileges' that had John so on edge and so angry with Sherlock for apparently not providing them? What was it that made him go seek them out from strangers only to return calm and almost relaxed, as if content in his own skin for once?
It was hard to believe that he was really holding Sherlock Holmes in his arms, a Psy, on his express wish for John to do so. If anyone had told him a year ago that he would end up hugging a Psy, he would have laughed in their face and now here he was, doing just that and enjoying it immensely.
John gaped at him, then shook his head hastily. "No, no, I mean ... you really brought me breakfast? Just because?"
"No," Lestrade chimed in. "The staff said all her stuff was taken along with her."
It wasn’t difficult to find the rotten corpse flower, seeing as it was over three meters tall and smelled just as bad as they had been led to expect.
As soon as the thought entered his head, he got up and walked into the kitchen in search of a drink. This was a dangerous way of thinking, unhealthy in the extreme, and he would not waste another moment on it.
Border control was non-existent when one arrived in a helicopter belonging to the British Government, and so Sherlock returned to Britain without any hassle whatsoever.
He hadn't paid much attention to what she had looked like then. But now ... she looked happy. So perhaps she had really wanted to marry him. Or she was just that good an actress.
John smiled. “Don’t forget to pet
Sherlock snorted, bending down to ruffle John's fur with both hands. That felt very good indeed. "Why wouldn't he? I feed him, I provide entertainment and shelter, I pay attention to him all the time. It's hardly difficult. And he tends to be friendly with people."
He knew this because he was plastered to Sherlock from head to toe (which could probably be considered acceptable as it wasn’t the first time this had happened) and also, more pressingly, because one of his hands was quite warm indeed.
Cursing, he jumped up. "Bloody Psy! A freaking
Sherlock almost shouted the word.
He grabbed John by the hand and dragged him down the hill and back towards their hotel.
"Thank you," he said softly as he rounded the reception and approached the door to the back office.
*****
Lestrade sighed and slumped onto the sofa. “You’ve made a lot of headway since yesterday,” he noted, gesturing feebly at the files.
, John thought as he watched Sherlock actually make a note in his little notebook.
John couldn't argue with that. "Fine, yes. Show me the other one."
His speech cut off as one slick hand sneaked between his legs and he let them fall open further, shuddering under the onslaught of sensation. "More, John,
Annoyed with himself for turning into a maudlin sentimental, Sherlock glared out of the window and tried to distract himself by deducing pedestrians, but it wasn't much fun without John there to delight in his conclusions and scold him for the more outlandish ones.
Sherlock blinked and the expression was gone. "Nothing. Thanks for interrupting."
"And you really didn't know? About the marriage, I mean?"
"How could they? Unless a changeling tells ... no way ..." John was getting agitated, Sherlock could tell.
"That's not ... don't say that," John pleaded. "I can't... god, Sherlock, if anything happened to you ... if I lost you again..." The words died in his throat and he shook his head. "Promise me. Promise you will do the best you possibly can to stay alive and safe."
Sherlock nodded. "And do you think it is possible he did not talk to you about it because he believed you to be responsible?"
Sherlock didn't move.
John made an inquisitive noise.
John told him everything.
Emily laughed. "You know how pack can be, John. We love them dearly, but sometimes you just want to get away and have some peace and quiet."
"Yes, fine, we get it," Lestrade said, holding up a hand to stop them before they could start arguing in earnest. "We'll confront her tonight, that will give us time to find out her address and get in position. It might be helpful to get a feel for the area she lives in, block off some escape routes in case she does a runner. Is that good enough for both of you?"
A couple of minutes of silence passed before Sherlock said, very quietly: "Thank you."
John swallowed. It hadn't even occurred to him that Sherlock might think that. That Sherlock might want that. He seemed to have gotten on just fine without John for two years, after all.
John ate it with half-hearted enjoyment, still a bit miffed at not being allowed to accompany Sherlock on this morning's errant.
It was still light out when they arrived in Kennington and took up positions in a convenient communal area across the road from their suspect's flat.
John's reply came from the bottom of his heart as he grabbed Sherlock's hand and pulled him towards his bedroom. "It would be my pleasure."
, that is ... John blanks.
"I might find one, in time," Sherlock said. "We shall see."
"Ah, but where would be the fun in that?" Sherlock smirked. "Also, going by our current location, I figured you would be able to take the logical leap yourself."
Hours pass and when Sally walks toward the Yard's kitchenette on stiff legs, her eyes bleary from staring at the screen all day, she is surprised to see that it's dark outside.
No, John was something else. Something large and fierce that had thrived in the hot Afghan desert. A lion, perhaps.
*****
They followed the signs leading visitors on a convoluted route through the greenhouse. There were different sections to it so you could admire plants in slightly different environments before stepping through yet another set of doors and finding yourself awed by the main area of the hot house.
Mrs Hudson tutted. "Oh, I do hope you got a chance to bite whoever it was in the arse. Attacking our Sherlock, I dare say!"
John whined but obviously resigned himself to his fate. He returned his head to Sherlock's thigh and seemed to still be chewing or at least making chewing motions with his jaw, which felt decidedly odd.
Sherlock imagined John finding someone like that and the scalpels on the table next to him rattled.
"Definitely not, no," the DI confirmed.
They hasten through the station - closed off by now, of course, though the commuters complained - and into maintenance tunnels. A service crew lead is showing them the way, walking swiftly with the assured gait of someone who knows these tunnels like the inside of his pockets.
There was more, a lot more, and he wanted to press closer and just breathe, dissect and analyse every last little trace - he hadn't even started on Sherlock's own scent yet - but Sherlock was already moving again, marching towards the car. "Come along, John. The sooner we get out of here, the better. I don't want any of these imbeciles to try and conduct ruthless experiments on you."
Sherlock licked his lips and cleared his throat. "I see you haven't gone on a murdering spree in our bedroom."
It had to be.
And John had said ... John had said so many lovely things to him. An entire speech, just for Sherlock. It was more sentiment than Sherlock had ever heard him admit to. For all that everyone claimed Sherlock was reticent, they had clearly never once tried to get John to open up about his feelings. He was clammed shut more tightly than any oyster. And yet here he was, after having presented Sherlock with a fairly incredible speech that had culminated in... he breathed in and squeezed his eyes shut.
"Listen, are you guys all right?"
Sherlock made a face at the phone but called his brother anyway.
"Sherlock, are you there?" Lestrade asked, marching into the sitting room with Donovan following behind. "Gosh, it's freezing in here."
He hesitated, then grabbed John’s hand. “Here.” He pressed it to his throat, let John feel his pulse, beating hard and steady beneath his skin, not caring about the blood still on John's hands. “Does that help?”
"Oh? Like what?"
"Afghanistan or Iraq, which one was it?" the male asked. If he was annoyed at having to repeat himself, there was no hint of it in his voice. Flat, emotionless. Silent.
Even Sherlock flinched at the cutting tone of his voice and Lestrade made a face as if he had a toothache. “Nah, mate. I mean this in the best way possible: you’re a terrible actor. You clearly didn’t know anything about this. The idea is that if by some strange twist you weren’t the father, then whoever was might have motive.”
"You're real," he murmured in disbelief, skimming his hands down John's sides. "You're real, you're real, you're real."
Sherlock made a very small noise then, one John had never heard before and never wanted to hear again. He tightened his arms around him. "So I have a suggestion for you and I want you to give me an honest answer, all right? And if you say no, that's fine and I will accept it and stay right here and be your friend if you still want me to. But if you are amenable, if you think you can possibly trust me enough for this, I want to give this marriage of ours a try. I want to take you out to dinner and be outrageously flirty and hold your hand and call you my husband. I want to make this work."
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at him. "Considering your track record, I did not believe it would become an issue."
It sounded wrong and he realised he had inadvertently been waiting for a 'bit not good' from John. But of course John couldn't talk right now. Sherlock looked from Lestrade to his best friend and back again and wondered if maybe this might turn out a bit less amazing than he had initially thought.
Sherlock shrugged, pressing his face to the crook of John's neck. "It was silly. I was ... I felt guilty, for being so glad she was dead while you were suffering because of it."
John blinked at him. "What, you don't want a relationship? Ever?"
He stabbed the map with his finger. "Baker Street."
"Sherlock, have you eaten? How long have you been standing here?"
Not that John paid them any attention, except maybe to watch the way the red and blue light was reflected by the water, drawing his gaze without his permission even as he berated his mad flatmate for yet another stupid stunt.
His brother raised an eyebrow. "That bad, is it? l did warn you, Sherlock."
Sally smiles to herself. Mary being here isn't lovely, that's for sure.
So - a superfluous wedding band with a seemingly pointless engraving. It didn't look new, either. In very good nick, yes, but not as if it had only been bought and engraved in the past couple of days. Conclusion: Sherlock had had this ring for a while.
They got out at the far end of Regent's park, near the London Zoo, and took the long way around. Technically, the parks were locked once darkness fell but Sherlock knew the gatekeepers' schedules well enough to avoid being locked in by accident. And of course even if they did get locked in, he would have no trouble picking the locks to let them out.
"Looking at you, I think most of the dust has now left the attic and decided to reassemble into the form of a consulting detective. A very credible impression, too. Can it do deductions?"
"Sherlock ..."
John swallowed, his throat going dry, heart pounding in his chest.
"Are you two done?" Lestrade asked. "I don't mean to interrupt, but we've got to pack up the body if you want it at the morgue ASAP."
John whined and shrugged again.
As it turned out, Moriarty had a rather long list of perceived similarities between himself and Sherlock.
And then someone bumps into them and reality comes flooding back. John steps away and clears his throat. "Sorry about that."
The tree did sport a garland, one that Sherlock had spent hours arranging in an unprecedented fit of decorating energy. It was so beautifully arranged that one could almost miss the fact that it was actually crime scene tape. There were also two dozen tiny golden cones dangling from the branches. They looked pretty from afar and suspiciously like the bullets that fit into John's handgun up close, because that was what they were.
you manage to ignore that?"
"Yeah, I saw. That's why I came over to interfere, seemed he was being a bit too persistent."
Opposite him, Sherlock didn’t move at all, sitting still and silent in John’s direct line of sight, a steaming mug of tea in front of him. The only sound in the flat was their breathing, Sherlock’s calm and even, John’s deceptively so.
"Yes, John."
John didn't look up from the body. "Looks like he died just like the others. Fatal brain haemorrhage. Have Dr Hooper do the autopsy as quickly as possible. Sherlock mentioned she found something of interest that might only be present in the body for a limited time."
Outside, a large number of police officers hurried past. Sherlock watched in the reflection as the suspect caught sight of them and fell off his chair.
That was better than his wildest dreams could have conjured.
As they lay curled up in bed that night, Sherlock was almost convinced he could hear John thinking about this latest list of revelations about the woman he had intended to marry. It would have been nice to claim he couldn’t imagine what being blindsided like that felt like, but Sherlock rather thought that even the second-hand experience was bad enough. He had fallen for her lies, too. He liked to tell himself it was because he hadn’t actively tried to deduce Mary, but who could say? Perhaps he wouldn’t have known even if he had tried. She had done a superb job at the restaurant in pretending not to know him. He highly doubted she would ever have forgotten the face of a person she had aimed a gun at.
The truly astonishing thing about this whole revelation was that Sherlock had simply gone along with it. John had wanted it and Sherlock had made it happen, had bound himself to him seemingly without hesitation. John could admit he had trouble believing that part. After all, he had nothing to offer in return. And yet ... well, Sherlock must have gotten something out of their friendship. He had been willing to die for this and been very adamant about it in the hospital. John would not cheapen his sacrifice by claiming it was unjustified.
"I get that it's super useful for sharing information quickly and so on, but surely at this point the risk outweighs the advantages."
He had made Sherlock carry some of the groceries, however, and wasn't the least bit surprised when the bloody Psy had levitated them along, his hands stuffed in his pockets and his expression nonchalant.
' and rolled his eyes at him.
"Looks like our ride home has arrived," he noted.
John had been too absorbed by his nose to focus on the conversation being carried out in the sitting room, so he had no idea what Mrs Forsythe and Sherlock had been talking about, but the older woman looked reasonably collected and was almost smiling as she shook Sherlock's hand in farewell and bent down to scratch John's ears once again.
Now that they were back in the flat where no wind existed to blow away the scent before it reached John's nose, he quickly discovered that the pheromones had not ebbed from Sherlock's system yet.
"That was an interesting load of bullshit you sprouted back there," John noted as they sat in the cab back home. "Quite impressive."
John choked on his own breath. "Re-
John thought. Having Sherlock chasing after him as he chased after a cat was a very funny mental image, however, and he decided to keep the idea for later. One never knew.
The look his friend threw him was completely unreadable. "I believe I've made enough sacrifices already, thank you very much."
Sherlock nodded. "Did the conditioning simply fail or did it never take hold in the way it should have done?"
Rosie barely stirred while he changed her into her pyjamas but her fingers curled around her plush bee when he placed it in her hand. He stared down at it, her little hand holding on to the black-and-yellow toy, and thought about Sherlock picking it out in France, putting a short-range GPS tracker in it and sending it to Mrs Hudson to pass along. He hadn't even noticed that the tiny label was in French. Perhaps he really was as oblivious as Sherlock had always said.
But John was right here, holding on to him as tightly as Sherlock clung to his jumper. He wouldn't have let John get that close if he hadn't said or done something significant.
Emily called John a mere four hours later with instructions of where to meet.
Now that John was out of danger and back to his correct body, Sherlock felt the first stirrings of curiosity for the process.
Sherlock frowned at him. "And the fact that I was out did not make you consider leaving and coming back at a later time?"
"Certainly. If they smelled any stronger of one another, I'd have trouble distinguishing them with my eyes closed. Anyway, I will be going over there in the morning to take John's statement, see if we can make sense of all this while Sherlock is still out."
Sherlock considered this. "So what do I do?"
And yet it appeared that his plan had backfired in a spectacular fashion. At some point, either in the middle of his experiment or after its conclusion (or, perhaps, right at the beginning), he had indeed been taken by surprise by touch. And now he could not get enough of it. It really was most inconvenient.
"Oh, you spotted that, did you? Bloody well done you."
John was pacing the sitting room when Sherlock finally emerged from his bedroom. He instantly turned towards him, doing a quick visual scan.
Two could play that game.
!," Sherlock exclaimed, whirling around and grabbing John's face in both hands. "Absolutely ingenious!"
John stared at him, wondering if he should tell Sherlock that he was once again spectacularly wrong. Except he wasn't, of course. He had simply not picked up on the most important reason for John being upset, though thoughts of Harry certainly figured into his general emotional state right now.
, it was tempting.
There was a thud and the sickening crack of breaking bones.
"That you loved me?" Sherlock shrugged. "I started to hope in Edinburgh, up at the castle. I didn't know for sure until you told me."
"Good boy," she murmured. "You like that, eh? Bet the freak doesn't bother petting you at all. Probably has no idea how physical contact works unless he's touching a corpse. I feel kinda sorry for you, being subjected to that all the time. But your human namesake puts up with the same shit all the time. There's got to be something in it for him, don't you think? Well, you wouldn't know, I suppose. Drives me up the wall, Sherlock does, with his rudeness and his mightier-than-thou attitude. Would it kill him to act decent for a change?"
The best that could be said about them was that they did not seem to be painful if executed correctly, but a lack of pain did not preclude the presence of something else.
"I love you, I love you, I love you." He paused in between to press kisses to any part of John he could reach, his hand stroking him in tandem with his words.
"Congratulations, Sally," Greg tells her, clapping a hand on her shoulder. "That was fantastic work."
"She's fine," John said shortly.
John blinked. "I ... don't know. I have no recollection of it at all. But he didn't seem surprised to hear about it, so he must have known."
"No need to apologise," he said out loud. "I just wanted you to know that I've got your back. So if and when you decide on a course of action, I will be right there with you."
"Sally..."
*****
Half an hour into their game, he emerged from a copse of trees, his tail wagging and the tennis ball firmly grasped in his teeth - and stopped short.
In a word, he looks vulnerable.
"You've been unnaturally open about your ... uh ... personal life," John pointed out. "When we met, I couldn't even get a straight-" He paused and laughed lightly "-answer out of you on the topic and suddenly you are willing to discuss your methods of picking up people with me when I've just woken up?"
John sucked in a breath. "You think he drugs them. The changelings."
And then Sherlock stepped back into the sitting room and said "All right, what do you think of this one?" and John looked up and lost his train of thought just as he had done the day before.
They had left Angelo's and apparently barely made it down the street before someone had attacked them. John couldn't recall hearing footsteps but he probably wouldn't have paid them any heed if he had heard them. This was London. There was always someone around. And how could he pay attention to his surroundings when Sherlock was looking at him with something that could only be described as barely concealed hunger on his face?
The Psy stared at her, wide-eyed, and she knew she had hit the nail right on the head.
"Smoking," John finished.
They looked at each other. John tilted his head to the side, his ears perked forward.
Sherlock gasped and moaned again, shaking in John’s arms. “John-”
The detective caught his hands in a surprisingly strong grip and stared down at him, a strange look in his eyes. Then a smile spread on his face and John realised the look was mostly amusement. "We're in ma room, Jawn."
Sherlock paused, an idea occurring to him.
He breathed in deeply, enjoying the clean air. With this nose, he could actually smell the gradual decline of the percentage of weed smoke in the air and it was glorious. He would be able to find the scent again anywhere, now that it was stored in his mind, but for now it was being erased from the flat by slow degrees.
"Frederik," Sherlock prompted again.
"I'll take that to mean
He shook his head. "I would have walked right into this marriage and spent the rest of my life wondering what if."
"One was shot and killed by the others. The rest were taken care of."
John blinked. "Flatmates? Who said anything about flatmates?"
They both shook their heads at that. Bill Murray, always cheerful and full of amusing stories without ever taking offense at anything, was Sherlock’s favourite out of all of John’s old army mates. He was also the only one he had met more than once, so perhaps the feeling was mutual.
"See you tomorrow, Greg," John said happily.
He clearly hadn't meant to say it out loud and John thought he did a good job of pretending he hadn't heard, even as his pulse sped up. Surely Sherlock hadn't meant...?
"And have you talked to your previous employer about this?" Sherlock inquired. Embezzlement could lead down very interesting roads or very boring ones and he was hoping for an interesting case here.
One of them gave him a long look in return and winked. Sherlock's breath hitched ever so slightly. A human wouldn't have noticed but the sound didn't escape John's sensitive ears.
They didn't notice Mrs Hudson leave.
He nudged Sherlock's elbow and tilted his head in curiosity, trying to make out the scrawl of numbers and letters in Sherlock's messy handwriting.
liked dogs. And he really liked petting them. And now here he was, sharing a flat with a dog with fluffy red-and-white fur, his fingers itching to touch.
Molly looked troubled but nodded. "All right. I'm sure he will understand."
"I don't want any other flatmate," John bit out. "Please process this fact and add it to your list of known and confirmed information about me."
Sherlock watched him with a confused sense of betrayal, admitting to himself at least that he did not like the easy affection John the dog displayed towards other people.
John had given in immediately, mostly because it had only been a token protest anyway and he had no intention of spending the night away from Sherlock either.
"Your life is," Sherlock told him. "Don't belittle yourself, John. Never that. It's just transport, remember? I can live with a couple of scars on my back. I could not live knowing you had died and I had a chance to prevent that and didn't take it."
Sherlock moaned. "Yes, let's."
John has had enough. He disengages himself from a conversation he wasn't really paying attention to anyway with a short "excuse me" and steps forward, right into his customary place at Sherlock's side.
But Sherlock shut his mouth with a click and shook his head, a flicker of something passing across his face. John thought it might have been pain but it was too brief to be certain. Perhaps he had a headache.
"Nothing much," Sherlock replied. "They were too far away to see what was happening. If someone was closer, they have not yet uploaded the information to the Net."
By now, Sherlock knew better than to interfere. And of course he couldn't even accuse John of wasting resources. After all, it was thanks to the changelings that the world had turned incredibly eco-friendly. If left to the Psy, they would still be using coal and nuclear power stations to get energy. Thanks to the changelings, almost half the world was part of some national park or other and absolutely everything was tied up in enough environmental protection laws to make a lawyer weep.
"Hyde Park," Sherlock said.
"Now, how long is this going to last?" the landlady asked as the silence was just about to become awkward.
Sherlock was leaning back in a chair at the massive kitchen table, a cup of tea and plate of muffins in front of him, and looking utterly relaxed as he watched Mrs Hendriksen bustle around the kitchen.
John grinned. "I wouldn't want you to. This is lovely."
*****
Sally shrugged. "Hell if I know. I thought you two might be playing doctor."
From there, it is almost easy.
He thought it might be the most bizarre night he had ever spent with anyone and that included all the previous five months of living with Sherlock and hunting killers with him.
Sherlock's expression was open and innocent and John didn't trust it one bit. "Nothing."
John lets out a long breath. "Thank you. I really appreciate you helping me out here."
"Anything?" John asked hopefully.
"No, but it still sucks. Why did he even marry you in the first place, then?"
*****
When Sherlock continued to look confused, John sighed and crouched down next to him, lowering his voice to explain. "A Changeling mating bond is for life, you know that. If one partner dies and there are no young children that need them, the mate will likely die as well, either at almost the same time or soon afterwards."
Lestrade and every other changeling's face in the vicinity tightened with grief.
They set off down the path, pointing out particular plants to each other and laughing about a squirrel in the grass that was being followed by a pigeon.
*****
down," John pointed out.
John still had no idea what precisely dissonance was and he really wasn't keen on finding out. The mere idea of it was enough to make him reconsider this whole endeavour, but of course Sherlock had had a point - dissonance would happen every time he experienced touch, so the only way forward was to desensitise himself in the hope of becoming immune over time. At least here in the flat they were in a controlled environment and John could get him used to touch at his own discretion.
Now, their time was up and it didn't take a genius to realise that the era of their crime-fighting days was over. John might still be able to help out on cases occasionally, but Sherlock would not take any new ones until after the wedding and by then John would be married, as was generally the case with weddings.
and see
"Well, not for false accounting, but we could adjust the formula accordingly," she said. "Let me get a pen and paper."
Sherlock took a shuddering breath and slumped back against the wheel of the train. It wasn't the most comfortable position in the world but he needed a minute or two to make himself move.
It was as good a place as any in John's opinion, so long as they got out of the hallway.
Of course, this misunderstanding explained John's lack of anger or disgust. Just plain and simple curiosity. And that meant he hadn't meant to express an interest, because
He turned back immediately. He had no intention of announcing his presence but if this stranger was out to hurt Sherlock, he would not be expecting him to have back-up waiting in the shadows.
It takes her a moment to recall that she tried to hit him with a pan.
"Wha' time's it?" John mumbled into his pillow.
They were curled up in Sherlock's bed, quite clearly dressed and just as clearly sound asleep. She took in the way their limbs were intertwined, noticed the ring on Sherlock's left hand and her smile widened. Her poor dears, they had been through too much for any one person to cope with. She was glad they had at long last found each other.
He unfolded it again, squinting in the sunlight to make out the words. Not that he needed to. He had read it forty-seven times since John had given it to him.
He didn’t know how he managed to slot himself closer, how he managed to curl around Sherlock and hold him that little bit tighter. “I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock stared at him in disbelief, then managed a jerky nod. "Of course, John." He swallowed. "You're welcome."
He hung up without waiting for a reply.
"Yeah," John murmured. "Maybe that will work."
"You really don't want me to get up, do you?"
John nodded. He had to admit that this was not how he would have imagined any wedding of his. And yet, considering the circumstances, he also couldn't have imagined anything else for them. Well, not for the way they had been back then.
"I already said so, didn't I?" John asked. "I won't say no to some mild painkillers for my head and I feel half deaf and blind now that my hearing and sense of smell have gone back to human standards. All I want is some peace and quiet, a hot bath and a good meal."
"Ah, John," Mycroft said. "I suppose it was too much to hope you really were taking a nap."
He watched as the changelings all shivered.
John dragged the trousers up until Sherlock was able to reach them without doing himself further injury, steadily avoiding to let his gaze linger where it had no place being.
"Hmmm, we can but hope," John murmured.
Of course. There was that. He had honestly forgotten, or allowed himself to forget, or at least pushed aside the thought, that John didn't love him, that John may appreciate him and like him and think him beautiful but still
Sherlock recalled his brother's words, weeks ago, asking him to hold on just a little longer. Clearly something was brewing in the world. He could make an estimated guess as to who was involved in these changes.
John's reply was muffled by his jumper as he hid his face in the crook of his arm: "Trust me, I'm not going anywhere."
He shrugs and leans back, fingers drumming on the table. "Always hard to deduce things so far in the past if you don't have direct access to the person or all the facts."
"So you're saying there are other ways he could have enticed you to go to bed?" Lestrade smirked. "Glad you're finally admitting it."
“I thought you agreed with him on that?”
He disappeared into the bathroom and Sherlock frowned at his notes. No progress? On the contrary, he was reasonably sure that he was halfway to solving this case already. Considering he wasn't trying all that hard and had spent more time and mental energy on John than the investigation, he thought it was quite a lot of progress. This was only their third day at the hotel, after all.
They had searched insects for equally amusing names and found several, but nothing could compete with the supreme hilarity of Sherlock Holmes showing him a rock called 'Cummingtonite'. It wasn't Sherlock's usual sort of humour at all, which made it all the funnier in John's eyes.
"Well before any of the current officers were with the force, or even born, then," Sherlock said. "Just between ourselves, how likely do you think they are to catch anyone?"
“Do come in and make yourself comfortable,” Sherlock said dryly, taking no little enjoyment from watching Lestrade jump in surprise.
He got changed quickly, marched through the bathroom to splash some cold water on his face, and returned to the kitchen and John.
"No, really," John said, his voice still firm. "Listen, you're not hallucinating. I'm here. I got on a train and I came here to find you."
He didn't know enough about changeling packs to even begin to theorise.
"I don't want to suck you off. Well, not now, anyways."
He grinned to himself.
John, equally wordlessly, handed him his datapad
"I think I caught some of that," John murmured. "He must have been furious. But he said you had attacked him, too. What did you do?"
"Poor Sherlock seemed a bit tense today," Mrs Hudson said. "I could hear him pacing from my flat. Is everything all right? I noticed his brother came by shortly before you came to visit me, and we all know how much they rile each other up, but Sherlock was pacing all morning."
While he carefully licked the spoon clean, John looked around the open kitchen, taking in the cottage. Sherlock tried to see it through his eyes but wasn't sure he succeeded. It was hard to tell which parts John noticed and which he didn't.
"You need to go, John."
They will pry this ship out of my cold, dead hands, so I hope to see some of you in the comment section of my future works.
John sighed. "Can't sleep?"
Things had been said on both sides that John wasn't happy with. He could have handled the situation better, that much was certain. Of course Sherlock would be defensive and contrary.
"You did everything right," Lestrade assured him. "I'm just saying, the circumstances were pretty shitty. Anyway, I've got to go now. I just wanted to drop this off for you."
And then Sherlock took off his shirt, glanced down at his trousers and undid those as well.
The British Government looked about as happy as could be expected of someone who had found cause to drive to a public pool in the middle of the night because their brother had spontaneously decided to go swimming whilst fully clothed.
So they go on with their lives. They solve cases, let themselves be mothered by Mrs Hudson, chase criminals through London's dark streets and play with Rosie.
"She doesn't seem to have any questions about why I'm here now," Sherlock said cautiously. "Not a single one on our entire walk."
"Oh, Sally dear! Has DI Lestrade sent you home early again?"
Of course this isn't the end of my writing - not even close!
John kissed him again, slow but deep, until they were both breathless and Sherlock had climbed onto John's armchair to straddle his legs.
Sherlock makes a face. "Of course Mycroft would meddle. How much did he know?"
She stepped closer to pat his head, then noticed his bandaged paw. "Oh dear me! What happened?"
She reached down and patted his head. "You look perfectly fine for someone who's spent several days in his company. Is he treating you well?"
And just like that, they're face-to-face.
After that came more. Dinners and chases and shared laughter and caught murderers and giggling at crime scenes, quiet nights in and days spent breaking into secret military bases. A steady drip-drip-drip, picking up as time passed until the dripping became a downpour.
He paused and took a breath. "And if the Psy Council has something to say about this ... let them come. I'd be happy to tear them to pieces on your behalf."
John tilted his head in a clear expression of '
*****
Neither of them mentions Mary and Sally won't be the one to bring her up, so they finish washing the dishes in silence.
Sherlock blinked. “What for?”
After a couple of minutes, John slumped against his chest ever so slightly. “Sorry.”
"I'll say," John muttered, still trying to imagine any scenario that would lead to him stealing a living tiger.
John stared at him and licked his nose, his eyes fixed on the fork loaded with pasta bake and mince meat Sherlock had just been about to eat.
And now she was gone and there was a good chance that this very life was what had killed her. He had dragged her into it. It wasn’t unlikely that one of the many enemies he and Sherlock had made over the years had come back to take his or her revenge, today of all days, when it would have the most impact.
"Wonderful," Sherlock said in a tone that suggested it was anything but. "Good day, Mycroft."
"I must confess to a similar fear," Sherlock whispered. "I've got this clock in my head, inevitably ticking down, down, down, until you speak your vows and I lose you for good. I ... I can't do it, either, John."
"I'm busy," she shrugs, watching as the coffee level in her mug rises with infinite slowness.
"Is that a thinly veiled excuse to get onto yet another army base?"
"You, talking to a dog like he understands every word."
"When was the last time you slept?" John asked softly.
"What breed is that?" the taller of the two women asked.
them to know that I've finally got it right."
He waited just long enough for John to start muddling through that statement before adding: "And for the record: I've done far more than merely
Unfortunately, Sherlock kept rousing him for a whole collection of experiments and games.
"You dispatched a serial killer and his henchmen while saving my life," Sherlock countered. "And I'm sure any accidents can be put down to people being incapable of focusing on more than one thing at a time, though I can hardly blame them. I find it extremely difficult to focus on anything but you at the best of times."
“Why?”
"John..."
Sherlock stared down at it as if he had encountered a strange and so far undiscovered species, tilting his head this way and that and having to refocus his gaze every time he did so.
She smiled. "It's good to see you, too, Johnny. I'm really glad you found your place in the world even though it's not with us."
He stared at the man who had been his best friend, now sprawled in the chair and already asleep by all appearances. Three years had passed since they had last seen each other and John didn't like to remember that last meeting, that moment where his life had fallen apart all over again. He had been absolutely sure that Sherlock had cut all ties to his former life. A move to France was a rather clear statement, after all. And yet he had contrived to send Rosie a birthday present, had tried to keep her safe even while he was so far away.
Sherlock went over his notes again to keep himself occupied while John tried to contact Emily and find out if she had made any headway in arranging the call he had requested.
To a stranger looking in, this would have been a perfectly reasonable position for a person and their dog to be in. Sherlock supposed that the people in the know might not feel the same way.
into. A lab rat, perhaps?"
John's blood had run cold at the words. "Is he all right?"
He took another, shuddering, breath. "That's what it's supposed to be like, isn't it? Letting him go and smiling as I watch him leave? What's that stupid saying again, the one about setting them free? Well, I have. And he won't be back. There's a wife and house in the suburbs and then 2.3 children and maybe a dog, and a steady job at the clinic. He doesn't need me for that. He never needed me as much as I needed him."
"Is that what you have been thinking about, then?," John asks. "Are you finally going to text her back?"
Mrs Hudson grasped his hands in both of hers, looking him straight in the eye. "I know it hasn't been easy, dear. But you really need to talk to John. A real, honest conversation. Say your piece, even if you have to club him over the head to get him to listen. Promise me. It will eat you up forever if you don't."
John huffed and got up before Sherlock had a chance to wake up and feel embarrassed. There was no point making things awkward. He wasn't silly enough to ascribe any meaning to it. Morning wood happened, whether you wanted it to or not.
"Fine. I'll consider it."
This was going to drive them both up the wall if it continued for much longer. Whatever had set Sherlock off, his transport had clearly reached its absolute limit of endurance and would not let him continue in this vein any longer.
Sherlock shook his head. "Mycroft is, as you well know." And, clearly expecting John's question, he said: "He's a Telepath. And of course he never fails to remind me that I am merely 9.9 on the Gradient."
He broke off as he took in the scene.
There was nothing special about Small's features but John was struck by how young he looked.
No response.
"If it makes things easier for you, I suppose you could have turned out far worse than this breed," he pointed out. "By the way, your fur is ginger. Dogs are colour-blind, aren't they?" he addressed one of the scientists.
He had, at some point, but it hardly mattered now.
"Any additional information you would like to share on our murder from this morning?"
"Won't you come in for a cuppa?" Mrs Hudson asks. "I've got a lovely young lady from the Yard visiting but I'm sure she won't mind. She works with Sherlock a lot."
The excel list grew in length and the files before them began to dwindle at least a little as they began to make noticeable headway.
*****
The other one ... wasn't much of a letter, really.
John sighed and buried his face in his hands. "Do you know, I think I might already regret that decision."
Unfortunately for Ms Conall, she only had two legs and hadn't been bred as a hunter.
The idea of the two of them sharing the hot tub unfolded in his mind, his over-eager brain filling in a lot of the details.
Sally laughs. "God no. Well, perhaps a little. But mostly I did it because I was worried she would try to harm either one of you and I don't want Mrs Hudson to have to suffer that sort of loss again." She pins him with her gaze. "Do you even realise how much the two of you mean to her, you especially?"
"Morning Greg," John said, grinning.
He licked his lips and tried again. "Sherlock..."
. Tell me, how is it possible that my daughter, who hasn't seen you since she was about half a year old, knows you well enough to not only make a good go at pronouncing your name but also thinks of you as a parent?"
"If you are so eager to watch several days worth of security footage, be my guest," he tells her. "I'll bring you a coffee every now and then."
She hopes John will forgive him soon.
John growled. "That one guy who tried to flirt with you while we were out walking and you smelled like you were just dying for a fuck ... god, I think I would have actually bitten him if he'd tried to touch you."
He made sure that the knives were all still safely tucked into the holster around his leg and pulled one out, leaving the gun tugged away in his shoulder holster. Guns, while neat over a distance, weren't his preferred weapon. A throwing knife, on the other hand ... now that was a weapon you didn't want to see your opponent use.
The words he has struggled with for as long as he can remember are right there on the tip of his tongue and there is no reason not to say them out loud now.
"There are ... videos on the Net," Sherlock said, hesitating at the word 'video'.
They reached the inn only a couple of minutes later and John awkwardly unfolded himself from the car seat and got out.
Sherlock had relaxed a little about an hour into the procedure, if that was what it could be called, and John had felt some of his own tension dissipate. The mating bond was calm and quiet - there was no fear or pain to be felt through it and John decided to take that as a good sign.
She spends all day looking through the box, going through each file in turn and carefully examining every photograph on the hard drives. She makes copies of everything and starts sorting stuff by victim. It's late afternoon when she reaches Peter Croft, the last of the victims. The Telegraph has a whole slew of pictures of the street he lived on, showing the house and the police activity in front of it from every possible angle.
A mute head-shake.
"There's some sort of ointment Mycroft's people gave me," Sherlock told him, rolling his shoulders. "But I haven't had any movement issues since it stopped hurting." He hesitated. "And it's difficult for me to reach them."
John sighed quietly. Four years of the most amazing friendship he had ever had, the best years of his life - come to this. Where had it all gone so wrong?
He nods. "Yeah, that's pretty much normal," he says. "I just ... I feel he's been... different recently."
"So her abductors knew to take her favourite toy along," Sherlock said. "But they didn't know what it was, so they came up with this scheme to take all her things. I would imagine the bag doesn't contain anything else of interest that can't be bought easily but children are particular about their toys. Now why take along the toy if you want to abduct a child? Clearly they have plans to keep her."
"Sherlock..."
It shouldn't make him blush, that compliment. He was well aware of his looks, knew people found him oddly attractive. But hearing it from John was different, more meaningful.
Sherlock looked like he was going to cry, which was more horrifying than Lestrade could easily put into words. "He... he said he wanted to be married to someone who loves him."
"Are you saying I stink?" John demanded, trying not to laugh. "I can and will kick you out of this flat if I have to."
A blink.
"Oh."
"God, Sherlock." He couldn't not reply, couldn't not turn his head and slot their mouths together again, couldn't not kiss him until they were both breathless.
But Lestrade had apparently said all he wanted to say on the matter and returned to his desk as if nothing had happened. "Well then, Sherlock, got any thoughts on the matter?"
"That's enough for tonight," Mrs Hudson says, reminding them of her presence. "Sherlock, you need to lie down, you look dreadfully tired. When did you last get a proper night's sleep?"
"John."
"I have no idea. I'll tell Donovan to check." Lestrade pulled out his phone and sent a quick text.
Experience had taught John that bad things happened when he and Sherlock were apart. So far, he had been abducted and held at gunpoint, he had been abducted and strapped to a bomb, Sherlock had been abducted and almost made to swallow poison, Sherlock had been drugged by that terrible Adler woman while John was in another room ... He didn't want to have to add to the list.
She doesn't have reason to be worried, though. She trusts their justice system. She certainly trusts Mycroft Holmes to ensure the justice system works the way it is supposed to when it comes to a woman who could have and did cause his little brother so much pain.
"Just do it, John."
*****
John rather thought that Molly would appreciate a holiday either way. Being Psy didn't seem to stop her from enjoying her spare time. He hadn't told anyone he could smell cats on her every time he saw her at St. Bart's. He'd eat his own tail if she didn't own at least two.
*****
*****
"Exactly."
"Yes Mrs Hudson," Sherlock sighs. "Are you quite done mothering me for the evening?"
He understood the basic concept, of course, could easily comprehend that humans and changelings required physical contact just as much as Psy avoided it, but the reasoning behind it remained a mystery.
By now it had become obvious that Sherlock was either completely unaware of the reason women kept approaching him in the park or simply pretending to be unaware so as to let them down more easily. However, thanks to their encounter with the soldiers the previous morning, it was equally obvious that his lack of interest did not extend to men and therefore John was starting to look at them as potential poachers on what was definitely his territory.
"Here she comes," Lestrade said under his breath, turning a page of his paper.
He never feels this way about anyone else, never even felt this way when he was still married and happy about it (a frightfully short overlap, in hindsight).
Still, there was no cause for concern. Sherlock was an adult, he was free to come and go as he pleased. John had neither the right nor the inclination to hold him back. To put someone like Sherlock in a cage seemed too cruel for words. It was bad enough that his mind, his heart, had been locked in a cage of the Psy Council's making. John would not add any more restrictions to that. He couldn't if he tried.
"Give me that blanket," he ordered once they arrived at the changing cubicles. "And get in there."
he reminded himself fiercely.
"I wish to propose an experiment," Sherlock said.
There was no question to it: it had been John's decision from start to finish. He had been the one to take the initiative. Sherlock wondered if it would happen again. Sure, they had talked about the hot tub in their hotel room and that was ... he couldn't even compute what that was.
John laughed. "Fine. I'll not even try and just stick to the ham, if you don't mind."
"Yes. Your home and the place where he was discovered in Regent's Park are on a direct line to my address just south-west of the park, so it seemed the most logical explanation. I have since come into the possession of further information regarding a potential fraud case at his company. Did he tell you about that?"
John stared at him. He looked rather stunned for someone who had started this conversation.
Sherlock waited, knowing better than to interrupt. John might be annoyed and refuse to help him if he did, so he kept quiet, trying to figure out what John was thinking based on his expression. He had learned to read basic emotions off of faces, of course - recognising and correctly identifying sentiment in others was a valuable skill to have when negotiating any type of business deal, after all - but he soon gave up. There were too many nuances he did not understand.
The thought of Sherlock's potential admirers reminded him of why he was here at all. John took a moment to shove the irrational jealousy far down.
Frowning, he picked it up and found a text from an unknown number. He opened it, fully expecting spam.
"Don't worry. You're still exactly as heterosexual today as you were three years ago, John." Sherlock sounded a bit put out and it suddenly occurred to John that being grateful you hadn't shagged someone and telling them to their face wasn't exactly nice.
But amusement was the last thing he could possibly feel right now and there was nothing here worth gloating about.
"They look good," John said. "Very pretty. I suppose we would have had some of our wedding photographs in there."
"One of them has mulled wine in it," Sherlock admitted. "I swapped it when you weren't looking."
John startled and blinked dazedly. “Huh?”
Sherlock gave a long-suffering sigh. "If you must."
John frowned. "What do you have to be sorry for?"
John frowned. He had never noticed that but he doubted Sally would lie about a detail like that. She was certainly a good enough copper to notice these things.
*****
"Of course," Sherlock confirmed, pretending to be offended at the mere suggestion of getting store-bought mulled wine. "Who do you think I am?"
Sherlock looked at him as if he was stupid. "Ye-es," he said slowly. "I thought that was fairly obvious."
"She'll have to get access to his bank accounts, but that shouldn't be too hard, seeing as he is one of our murder victims
John lifted his head long enough to shake it before returning to his previous position.
Finally, John had had enough.
Sherlock shook his head. "I can't. He's counting on me, trusting me to be there for him. I left him behind once - perhaps this is my punishment. But I'd rather go blind and deaf than miss out on even a minute of the time I have left with him."
John could respect that. He didn't particularly like talking about his own scars, either. But at least he had had his therapist. The chances of Sherlock talking about this to anyone were below zero.
Sally shrugged and stirred some more sugar into her coffee. "You wouldn't, I suppose."
“See this?” John asked Lestrade and the assembled officers, who were watching him with expressions ranging from surprise to interest. He nodded towards Sherlock’s neck. “The angle of the towel perfectly matches the ligature marks on the victim’s skin. I’d say the killer surprised him from behind and attempted to strangle him but when that failed he bashed his head against the corner of the kitchen table here.”
Sally reaches for her phone and sends a quick text.
How did people deal with the loss of a friend? Surely that was what held John in its grip. His friend had died. They had been busy with more murders in the immediate aftermath but now there was nothing and John had thrown himself into his work.
"Can other Psy tell if you're experiencing dissonance?"
Sherlock snorted. "Hardly an affliction many people suffer from. Can I offer you one?"
Emily grinned. "Yep. And we're proud of it, too. Just imagine, when I'm senior healer, I can actually overrule my alpha if I think he's endangering his or anyone else's health."
"Patricia Long," she introduced herself. They shook hands and she introduced the people standing with her, the young couple they had seen at dinner the night before. As Sherlock had correctly guessed, they were newlyweds on their honeymoon. Arthur and Eliza Channing were friendly if a bit slow for his taste, but that description fit almost everyone on the planet, so he chose to overlook that fault.
John had sat on a chair and let them get on with it, grateful for the distraction. He had quickly found that the Yard was not the place to really think about what Lestrade had said. No, he required the comforting surroundings of home for that.
On day 2, she's weary about Day 1, Angle 2.
Sherlock pretends to be angry but his eyes light up at the sound of John's laughter and he utterly fails to keep up the act. When John turns to look at him, wiping tears from his eyes, Sherlock manages to arrange his features into something that might be called exasperated impatience.
She must have known, or at least suspected. Whatever Mary had been, she hadn't been entirely stupid. And she had been good at reading people, too, though of course she couldn't hope to compete with Sherlock. But she must have realised that her own husband could barely stand to sleep in the same bed as her. And that was all he had done. Anything more had been ... no, he could not even stomach the idea even now.
He blinked rapidly and looked away, trying to stay collected. The last thing they needed was him falling apart.
"You didn't say a word," John said softly. "Not a single word."
She shrugged. "I'm just repeating what the police said. I didn't say I believed them."
"Hmm, my pleasure. We should meet up some day soon." Her voice was an open invitation.
*****
It was getting easier to admit to it now, though - to admit that the Silence Protocol had been slowly eating him up from the inside out, that it had begun to erode who he was. And then John had shown up in his life, a beacon of life and light, and Sherlock had finally found himself again, the person he knew he had always been supposed to be.
John shook his head. "No. No, I'm not."
Sherlock was on his second muffin and halfway through a cup of tea when John burst into the kitchen.
She gestures at the batch they pulled out of the oven half an hour ago and Sherlock does, giving an appreciative hum. "Perfect as always."
Sherlock glared at him, opened his mouth and ate.
he reminded himself.
She glances at Sherlock who stares at John, wide-eyed and badly failing to hide his delight.
“Mmph,” Sherlock made, reaching for the towel John had carelessly dropped over his own legs and giving himself a perfunctory wipe before pulling his pants and pyjama bottoms back up. He shifted as he did so and they were both reminded of John’s own erection.
For some reason, this irked Sherlock, his nerves already fraying. “I’m not ordinary, John. Don’t try and hold me to some arbitrary standard of what is and isn’t
to run towards screaming people. Have they taught you nothing in your training or is it simply a case of none of it sticking?”
John’s hands locked around him and he linked his fingers, holding Sherlock tight in the circle of his arms. After a long moment’s hesitation, Sherlock allowed himself to cover John’s hands with his own. “It was ... not good. I thought I was going to die. After a while I wanted to. And all the time I was so... afraid.”
If it hadn't been for his time in the army, John would have thrown up right then and there. Still, it was a struggle to hold on to the contents of his stomach.
"Stay in the hallway or the door, if you must, but don't enter the flat," he told the Detective Inspector over his shoulder. "We don't want your scent contaminating the crime scene. John needs to be able to actually smell something here."
The breakfast tray tipped to the side, spilling tea everywhere. Neither of them cared - they were otherwise occupied.
The silence that followed this statement was deafening.
"I'd have expected a limousine," Sally says, smiling. "Or at least a fat, shiny Mercedes."
"Other side of Regent's Park, past the drinking fountain on Broad Walk. You can't miss it."
"Good evening," he said.
Two hours later, after Sherlock had given John his kibbles while he himself took a shower and after John bullied him into eating something, they returned to the park.
When Sherlock speaks again, his voice is quiet and John has to lean forward to hear him, subconsciously mimicking his position.
The young pathologist, a mousy woman Sally had seen around on occasion, turned as they entered and almost dropped her clipboard in surprise. She fumbled awkwardly to catch it and promptly flushed bright pink.
"He hasn't been at Baker Street often," Mycroft says. A statement of fact, not a question.
They grinned at each other across the table and John felt a wave of relief. Perhaps they hadn't forgotten how to talk after all.
Sherlock chuckled. “
So, who might conceivably be the killer?
They're not awkward about it this time. Perhaps that's because Sherlock said it was all right, or perhaps it's because they're both sick of it causing hiccups on their road to a normal life.
"Hello, darling," she greets him, picking him up and kissing his head. "Shhh, you'll startle the lovebirds."
There was no response, but Mycroft took a step closer.
John shrugged and gestured with his chopsticks. "You know. Been in a relationship."
How was it that a handful of days had so thoroughly succeeded in eroding all the distance between them where a previous entire year had failed? How was it possible that now neither of them seemed to know quite how to act around the other? It shouldn't make a difference, this short interlude of John-being-a-dog. And yet ... and yet.
Next to him, John drew a breath and his next exhale turned into a choked noise, shattering the bubble of silence as he gasped.
"I know. Still, I do not like the variables. There are too many people, too many different possible outcomes." Sherlock frowned and when he looked at John his gaze was intense. "I need you to play your part in a believable way. Do you think you can do that?"
“Not hungry,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been eating too much recently, that can’t be good for me.”
And now John was right here, only inches away, with his hand on Sherlock's wrist and his fingers pressed to Sherlock's pulse, reading his heart's betrayal in the too-fast thrum of the blood rushing through his veins.
"I thought that was obvious," John said, reaching out to clutch both of Sherlock's hands in his own. "I realised I'll always choose you. Doesn't matter what the other option is. It's always going to be you. So if you think you can forgive me for being a blind, ignorant, scared, closeted fool..." He trailed off and shrugged.
Mrs Hudson steps out into the hallway. "Oh, are you leaving already?"
Sherlock shrugged and barely flinched at the reminder. "I knew you would ask questions if you saw it before then. Sometimes, when I was alone in the flat or in my room, I would put it on just to remind myself what it felt like. But it never quite compared to having you put it on me. I gave it to Mycroft for safekeeping when I ... left. It was the only thing I demanded back from him immediately upon my return, even before I agreed to let anyone see to my injuries."
John shrugged ruefully. "Let's say I came to my senses just in time."
It was too late for that now. He barely managed to let the force of his TK form an invisible bubble around him, a deterrent for any kind of physical attack on his person. It wouldn't be the first time a bullet stopped dead in the air around him.
"Brilliant," John murmured. "But you're not a Cardinal."
"Oh, I just wanted to make sure you had something to eat. With John being unable to force some food down your throat every now and then, I'm quite worried you'll waste away."
"You either tell him or you don't," she said. "But it's not fair to either of you if you keep toeing the line."
And then he surged forward, crushing their mouths together with all the desperation of someone who wanted to say a whole lot of things and didn't have the faintest clue of where to start. He poured it all right into this kiss instead, kissing John and kissing him and kissing him some more until they were both breathless, their hearts thrumming in their chests, hands clutching each other close.
Oblivious to Sherlock's increasing lack of a thought process, John walked on and left him with no choice but to follow.
And then the man had put his phone away, turned around, and wiped a stray bit of foam off the other man's lips and even from three tables away Sherlock had been able to see the way those lips had pressed a tiny kiss to the man's thumb and Sherlock had thought
John didn't respond but Sherlock hadn't expected him to anyway.
John kissed him.
"Are you all right, luv?"
"Meddlesome woman," John grumbled. "Fine. And I promise to make it quick because I'm quite certain you'll need that shower yourself."
John allowed himself to plop down on the seat with another huff, taking a moment or two to sort his legs out and almost jumping out of his skin when the driver, who had been waiting by the side of the car, carefully lifted the end of his tail and moved it aside so he could close the door without it getting caught. Startled, John edged away from the door and closer to Sherlock - the only thing his mind registered as familiar and safe at the moment. When he lowered his head to rest on the seat, his nose was all but pressed to Sherlock's thigh and his breathing deepened instinctively.
The word died in his mouth, overtaken by another sob.
Sherlock snorts. "And be accosted by boredom personified again? No thank you."
Sherlock stroked his mouth in thought, then hurriedly snatched his hand away when the sensation triggered a startlingly intense flashback to kissing John.
He couldn't help the bitterness that swung along in his voice. To give up his life in every possible sense of the term and then be punished for it was not something he had expected to happen.
Large hands moved to gently cradle his head. John could feel them shaking. The last time he had seen Sherlock so afraid had been at the pool when he had been covered in Semtex.
*****
John returned to the hospital after work, just to see how Sherlock was doing, and was pleased to find him awake.
Sherlock shrugged, moving to kiss the scar on John's shoulder to hide his blush. "I thought if you couldn't even agree on a place, maybe you'd give up on the time as well and reschedule for never. I was foolish enough to hope that you might separate and you'd move back in here and we could go back to the way things were and I could give you space for a while. Just a while, to let you come to terms with it. I imagined walking into the sitting room and kissing you right in your chair, so you'd have nowhere to run and hide."
"I ... I think it may have started when I realised you shot the cabbie," he finally admitted. "Though I didn't realise it at the time. But ... it had a- a profound impact on me that I have never quite been able to describe even to myself. As for when I realised ..."
John wasn't surprised at all to find they were the first guests down for breakfast. Hell, everyone else was probably still asleep, much the same way he would like to be. But sleeping with a very awake and also very bored Sherlock Holmes in the same room was practically impossible, so he had long since given up on that hope. And, he reminded himself grimly, it was not a problem he would continue to have for much longer.
He supposed the bruise on his face must be a truly alarming colour now. It said something for the apathy of the general Londoner that no one had commented on his appearance during his little trip to Forsythe's office.
"But why..."
"I'm the idiot in the family," he tells her, his eyes twinkling with laughter.
"But don't you worry," the other Psy said, smirking coldly. "I will make a nice carpet out of his fur so you can see him every time I have you dragged to my office for some minor cleaning task. Rehabilitation won't leave you with the skills for anything else but I do hope you'll still recognise his head when it's mounted on my wall."
"For what it's worth, I'm sorry for handcuffing you to a radiator," Sherlock said, not quite looking at him.
John gaped at him, completely thrown off-guard by this sudden outburst. "Labels?"
"No," John said calmly. "That was me."
Mrs Hudson came upstairs in the early afternoon to watch telly with them and she and Sherlock spent the time arguing about the people on the show, some sort of scripted reality thing that made Sherlock despair of the existence of intelligent life in general and of mankind in particular.
John nodded and relaxed a bit and Sherlock reached out and squeezed his hand. "See? I told you. There is no need to apologise for being exceptional, John."
Sherlock hastily stood, the room swaying around him for a moment. Almost instantly, Lestrade put a steadying hand on his back.
John wondered if Sherlock was aware of the fact that a handsome man with a dog might as well hold up a huge sign saying
"But you just said..."
He met his own gaze in the mirror and admitted to himself that he was stalling, so he returned to his room and climbed into bed next to an already asleep John, trying not to think about how much exposed skin there was between the two of them.
*****
So, being the good friend that he was, John decided to play along and let Sherlock have his little charade.
That, at least, seemed to filter through the shock in Sherlock's brain. He didn't need to be told twice.
"Mrs Hudson," Sally manages once the initial urge to start laughing hysterically has passed, "I think I just did something that was either really stupid or really really lucky."
He realised he was holding on to the headboard almost desperately, fingers clenched around the wood so hard it hurt. He tried to loosen his hold a little, flexed his hands a bit, but it hardly mattered because there was the barest suggestion of a tug at his pants and he promptly forgot his hands existed.
Sherlock jerked, a different kind of shudder running through him, and let out an involuntary gasp. John could feel the tension in his body increase as he finally woke and became fully aware of his surroundings.
"It was instrumental for the case," Sherlock said. "And, as I said, it didn't have any effect whatsoever on me. I still remember everything that happened. Perhaps my history meant I was immune to the compound. Either way, I swear to you I did not in any way coerce you into getting married."
"Broken neck," one reported. "Clean kill. Looks like he fell and broke his neck. Probably because he was, uh, pounced on."
Perhaps the worst thing about their discussion in the cab had been how clearly unhappy Sherlock had smelled about it, as if he no more wished to say the words coming out of his mouth than John wanted to hear them. And yet he had made his stance clear, had said 'no' and set out to cut the ties between them.
"Here," he said, nudging Sherlock. "The goat can wait for a minute or two."
"I do."
John gave a good-natured yip. He was fairly certain that of all the people out of their combined acquaintance, not one of them would agree that a normal sleep cycle was a bad thing.
"What?"
They were safe and reasonably unharmed. Sherlock would be fine in a couple of hours. Nothing and nobody could tear them apart now.
“Fine,” John said. “Go wild.”
"So ... what you're saying is ... we'd be trying to solve a murder, surrounded by people
"The same question applies, Mrs Hudson. I was held by the Serbians for a while and then came straight here. They don't hold with feeding their prisoners full rations. Too much risk of someone puking all over their shoes during the forcible attempts at extracting information."
"Pardon?" Sherlock looked honestly confused - either that, or he was shamming rather spectacularly.
away! In the middle of nowhere! We'd be lucky to get phone reception."
Once the crackers have calmed down, there are a couple of seconds in which everyone is quiet. Then...
She arrives at work the next morning to find an e-mail in her inbox, apparently sent by Sherlock Holmes and thanking her for providing insight on a recent case for a private client - a warehouse owner.
Christmas approaches quickly. Sally never had much time to really enjoy the season - murders and physical abuse reach an all-time-high around Christmas, when all the family drama is aired out under twinkling lights. And there never was much point to decorating her apartment when she was the only one who would see it.
John immediately bristled. "Excuse me?! I don't
"Well what?"
"We can try, of course," Emily said slowly. "It will have to get approval from their alpha but I can definitely reach out to their pack healer for you. We healers have our own communication channels."
When the waitress arrived with their food, John was in hysterics. “Oh my god.”
It was good. This life, this place. It did him good, kept him occupied and reasonably content, even granting him small moments of happiness.
"Are you?"
"Yes of course. My apologies, John," Mycroft said, peering down at him. "How are you doing?"
His second reaction was disappointment. John was still asleep, very much on his own side of the bed.
Changeling law was clear-cut and uncomplicated. If there was a crime, the victim's family or - in the absence of blood relatives - any member of the victim's pack was judge, jury and executioner in one. And in the case of predatory changelings, executioners were literally that. Predatory changelings did not believe in mercy. If a member of their pack was killed or injured, retribution would be swift and violent and completely legal.
A short while later, Sherlock found himself sitting on the sofa instead of his usual armchair, watching the telly with his feet on the coffee table. To be fair, not a lot of his attention was focused on the programme. There was some sort of documentary about orang-utans on, but he was mostly waiting for the news to come on.
"I don't ever want to forget a single thing about you," John said softly. His voice shook. "Quite the contrary. I want to know more and more and more. I want to
He finally did meet John's gaze and there was a plea in his eyes that John couldn't ignore. "All right."
"And we have all the time in the world," Mrs Hudson tells him sternly. "Out with it. And don't even think about lying or holding anything back. I can tell when you're fibbing."
"And he's been moping about ever since," John said. "Good to see you, Sally. Come on, Sherlock, time to see Greg."
Sherlock jumped, guiltily snapping it closed. "No?"
Sherlock stared at him through half-lidded eyes. "Trust me, John, I'm all eager anticipation."
"He certainly loved that dog," Sally muttered. "You should have seen them together. Do you know he kept checking on Johnny all the time? I don't think he noticed but I saw. He'd glance at him every other minute, just to see if he's still there. He does that with you, too, now that I think of it."
John rolled his eyes. "You do realise that cooking is not a skill genetically passed on to all females on the planet, right? My sister is just as bad as I am."
*****
"Maybe it's him," Donovan suggested, smiling.
"Yes," Sherlock replied.
"Oh for god's sake," Sherlock moaned and got up, sliding out from under John's head with a sigh of annoyance that was badly belied by his rumbling stomach.
"Since you're already here, you can help," Molly told him. "Hold up and turn the organs when I've extracted them so I can get a good look at the outside without anything getting compressed in a bowl."
Judd tilted his head and scanned him from head to toe. "You are still standing upright despite your mate's being here. How long ago was your flame-out?"
"Yes, but none of them rank at least 8 on the Gradient," Sherlock said sharply. "We already established it would take a strong Psy to cause this level of damage. Breaking a changeling's shields can take hours. This person did it in a matter of minutes. Exceptionally strong then, almost definitely a Telepath. A Psy with that level of skill will be working in a high-paying job. As this goes for all Psy of this Gradient and higher, they can all be classified as rich or at least well-off. So him being rich doesn't tell us anything his skill set didn't already imply."
She gets out her iPod, hooks it up to a pair of speakers and gets to work.
John froze, listening intently to figure out what had made Sherlock stop in his tracks.
Cold lips were pressed against his for one heartbeat, and another, and Sherlock remembered how breathing worked just in time to gasp against John's mouth.
Sherlock had made his position clear. He had revoked all skin privileges and just minutes ago in the car he had agreed that it would be best to end his experiment before it could do any more damage. He hadn't said so explicitly, but John didn't need him to. It was obvious enough that any intimate association could only cause Sherlock trouble and danger and they already had plenty of both in their lives.
Lestrade, who reached him in just that moment stared at him in utter disbelief. "Is that really the most important question here, Sherlock?"
, supposed to get to you." He took a breath and continued. "In fact, I wrote another letter that night. That one was for you. It was ... very different from the one you ended up with. Didn't have your name on it, for one thing, which in hindsight is probably the reason all of this went so very wrong. I never wanted you to leave. Quite the contrary, in fact. I was ... I was asking you to let us come home, me and Rosie."
"You came back."
John barely managed to call out a hasty goodbye before Sherlock dragged him out of the kitchen.
He found a stray sock under the bed, next to an open packet of condoms and a tissue graveyard that John took one look at and stayed well clear of.
Mr James, knowing a dismissal when he heard one, promptly rose from his chair and handed Sherlock his card. "I am glad to know you will be looking into the matter," he said. "I know Harrison would have appreciated your efforts, no matter what you may unearth."
John snuffled at the paper still clutched in Sherlock's hand, nosing at the formula.
John was quite certain he had never taken a stake-out less seriously than this one. A straw goat, for heaven's sake! How had Sherlock even heard about that in the first place?
"Sasha sends her love," John said and the man smiled.
And then John said: "I thought about it, too."
Sherlock hoped the look on his face would pass for a smile. "Do you still remember the steps?"
"Bull," John said. "Notoriously hard-headed and I don't mean that in just the figurative sense."
John still didn't look happy but he nodded. "All right."
John nodded. "Second, when you handcuffed me to the radiator, you lost something."
John smiled. "Quite right."
"I will be fine," he said. "Leave me alone so I can work on my shields without getting distracted. There's nothing to worry about."
"Why don't you tell me?," Sherlock suggested, managing to sound utterly dismissive. "Seeing as you seem to have it all figured out."
He felt the tremor go through Sherlock’s entire body. “Anyone, John. Absolutely
Privately, John marvelled at himself. Two weeks ago, he wouldn't have even entertained the idea of setting foot in 221b and talking to Sherlock again. Now, he couldn't wait. It had been a couple of days since they had last seen each other and he felt them like an ache.
Before John could get into the topic some more, Sherlock added: "Anyway, you wanted to talk. So talk."
John's hands were on his back, arms wrapped around him, one hand rising to stroke through his hair as Sherlock shook against him.
After a moment's contemplation, Sherlock reached into the box Mycroft's people had brought and pulled out something large and brown that smelled utterly divine to John's canine nose.
He turned and flounced away. John looked at Lestrade, shrugged helplessly, and followed his flatmate.
Since he couldn't speak, he settled on whining and nudging the stick with his nose.
Well, on the stairs. They're wedged onto the narrow steps next to each other, still in their coats, giggling and clearly utterly drunk. They seem to be having a conversation about reputations. From what Sally can make out, Holmes doesn't remember what his is for. It makes her grin.
*****
Sherlock tilted his head. "You would kill her murderer?"
He tried to imagine what would have happened had Sherlock actually given this speech on his wedding day, in front of all the guests and Mary.
In lieu of a response, John refocused on his bowl of stew. He glanced at Sherlock every now and then, loathing the distance between them. The other side of the table seemed impossibly far away. And he still missed being able to hear Sherlock's heart beat from across the room.
“Dr Watson, can you answer some questions for me?”
Suddenly, Sherlock found himself wondering if
"Yes?" John asked, crossing his arms, fully aware of the way his biceps bulged at the gesture. He smirked in satisfaction when he caught Sherlock noticing the same. "Did you want something?"
The look John gave him was definitely venomous.
The funeral was held two days later, in a church and cemetery far from the one John had once buried Sherlock in. He hadn’t even considered using the same place - it had seemed like blasphemy.
"And what brings a recently retired accountant to my flat this early in the morning?" Sherlock inquired, sliding the bag off his shoulder and carelessly throwing it onto the sofa before slipping out of his coat. "I would like to add that I find it preposterous of you to attempt to lie to me. No one who has recently entered into his long-awaited retirement is in any way pressed for time on a Tuesday morning."
Sally smiles. "I'm calling in a war council. Since you, Molly and I are the only sensible people around this place, we're going to put our heads together and fix this mess."
"Of course not. Why would I pay attention to whether or not some woman is flirting with me?" That was clearly annoyance in Sherlock's tone. "As I have been telling you for ages, John, women aren't my area."
He had taken up jogging and kept to his fitness regime because a lifetime of old habits was hard to overcome and the bullet wound in his chest still caused him trouble if he didn't keep up with his physio.
*****
John shook his head. "It won't be a problem," he said shortly.
He kept his eyes tightly shut.
Perhaps he would still be at it when John came back tomorrow. If he came back. Well, he probably would. They had received a very generous cheque for their troubles, although it had been little more than a matter of observation. He knew full well what John wanted his half of that payment for and had tried not to think about it too much. A small, petty part of him had considered rejecting the job, just to throw another wrench in John's wedding plans. But he knew that wasn't fair and John would call him out on it. And in the end, his own philanthropy had interfered. Much as most people annoyed him, Sherlock had a soft spot for helping where he could. Even if it meant helping a charity find an embezzler at the cost of helping John finance his wedding.
"I don't have a do-"
"Thought that wash ... was ... ovi... obvo... clear," Sherlock slurred, turning back to the bar and almost falling off of his seat in the process.
Sherlock thought, unable to tear his eyes away from this woman who was so clearly Psy and yet so very different from any Psy he had ever met.
Mrs Hudson sighs. "He said he didn't know yet. Probably wants to spend Christmas with his fiancée. I haven't told Sherlock yet but-"
"221b Baker Street."
*****
They would be fine. Touching a dog was in no way comparable to touching a human body, after all, and Sherlock wasn't so stupid as to get the two confused, but he couldn't help but be aware of the person residing inside that body.
"Why?" John's voice is strained but not as strained as Sherlock's when he replies.
"Of course," John echoed. He gestured at the computer. "Is this going to take much longer?"
Sherlock hummed. "I certainly never met him, but I think that was one of the cases your husband was a primary suspect in."
"But what if the police have any more questions?" John asked. "You haven't even given them a proper statement yet."
"He's also right," Sasha added and Sherlock wondered if he was imagining her eyes shining brighter.
"Mine."
Sherlock almost choked on his own breath. "No."
He thought he wouldn't mind staying like this forever, safe and sound and feeling ... loved.
"If you think I will walk away without bringing her home, you know me even less well than I thought," Sherlock told him and there were both defiance and disappointment in his voice.
Clothing rustled and a moment later, Mycroft laid a hand on his forearm and gave a slight squeeze. It was an almost unprecedented expression of brotherly concern. Coming from Mycroft, it was equivalent to a bone-crushing full-body hug.
He rolls his eyes. "You should have known that already."
"Is your bloke that strict?"
"Do you really think now is a good time to comment on my size, Sherlock?"
Smiling, Sherlock continued pacing. "Oh, this is fantastic! So many angles! I know the son killed his father in an argument. But was he also responsible for the embezzlement? Did his father merely believe him to be? Was that the cause of the argument or where they fighting over some unrelated matter? And if so, who was responsible for the death of the son mere hours later? I wish Lestrade would hurry up and show me the crime scene pictures so I could strike suicide off the list of possibilities."
Arousal.
Meeting his own gaze in the mirror, John quietly admitted to himself that he had not believed he would ever see his own face again.
"I wish I could have spared you that," John admitted. "I wanted you to be alive so badly, but when you actually showed up ... I suppose there's a reason why they tell us to be careful what we wish for. It absolutely fucked me up. I didn't even get to finish my proposal, actually, and in the end she simply acted as if I had and as if she had said yes, and we moved forward from there and I just got swept along by it all and couldn't let go of my anger and hurt long enough to see what was happening."
