So, yes. If anyone knows the sacrifice, the misjudgement, miscalculations that Thanos has made it’s assuredly him. The sacrifices. The arrogance. He swallows thickly, wiping his hands down his pants that are still half covered in armour. Sighing, he closes his eyes.
Tony was scared because he saw himself in Thanos too. Tony was just about on the same path with Ultron. He thought he knew better, could provide a safe world for everyone because what’s better than a self-learning AI than a whole army of them? He was wrong. He was wrong quite often.
“Can’t chat, Steve.” He tips the bots so they run down his neck and into the wound. The burning sensation is so much worse than before, and a scream tears from his lips. “Busy, doing… Stuff.”
Flexing her appendages, testing their ability, and no doubt assessing his own merit she nods to him.
The original Iron Man suit saved his life, but he’s grown it into so much more. Out of respect for the capabilities he has, he dedicates his life to being Iron Man. To building a better world without a power-crazy controlling force behind every decision. Screw the board meetings. Fuck the hypocrisy. Or so Tony likes to believe.
“Hey,” Nat says, her voice hard, dropping into the seat beside him, “Thor and Rocket left last night.”
of everything he does. Tony who is ridiculously witty and continuously runs rings around him with his sharp mind and sparkling eyes; who takes the serious things seriously and everything else in his stride; who makes it his personal mission to go against Steve at every possible move.
“We’re not, not exactly. But the world’s kinda a mess right now huh, so why can’t Captain America and Iron Man be friends?”
That balloon-headed moron and his damn omnipresent cape promised him that if it came to saving half the entire universe – he has never had actual stakes that high, not in all the battles he’s fought – that he’d let them die. Protect the stone. That’s all they had to do and they were so close. What the hell does Strange think he’s doing gambling Tony, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, against
, Tony wants to yell at him and hug him at the same time. He ducks under the makeshift barricade and heads to the car, where Harley and some other youths are animatedly defending the Avengers.
He finds the strength to get to his feet. In his mind he imagines the faceplate sliding over him, the shoulders encasing him, backplate slotting into place and armour growing down his legs. Impressed with himself he heads for the door.
“It was reckless I know, what I’m good at. Glad to see you’re looking nothing but older,” His voice finally started to come back, and he felt normal for the first time since the attack.
“Nothing, but knowing Barton that could be good or bad. I’m actually heading out, tomorrow, to look for him.”
“Don’t tell anyone Wizard, I know where you live.” Tony motions to the room, trying to sound convincing, and if anything, seeing a genuine human smile is worth it.
Tony accepts this, too exhausted to argue with a being that has endless energy to do so. Still, if he wants to achieve anything in his battle against Thanos, he
Natasha gives Steve a glare, because clearly their friendship has flourished since their exile which only fuels Tony’s spite further. Steve backs down.
“Thanos stole me when I was young. I was his weapon, nothing more. I only wish to have killed him sooner. I tried and was captured. That was when I went to Titan. I followed him, do you know that failure for an assassin makes you the most pointless being in the universe? I do. He made sure I would never forget.” Clouded by her hatred, she flexes her arm. Tony sees the sinews of metal and cords.
If he’s going to do this, he’ll do it with the appropriate amount of absurdity and nostalgia. Just like the first time, he’s going to relearn how to fly; using his brain to send the correct messages is going to be a struggle but learning to control and have them come to life around his feet at the same time, well, it’s going to be interesting to say the least. The flying part he’s confident on, and his clammy hands grasp the side of the worktop as the same rush of equal part exhilaration and anticipation for the smacking of his limbs on the marble floor courses through him.
He tries to stop the biological impulse to breathe, pointing his hands down to shoot the repulsers and get him the hell out of there… But nothing happens. Renewed confusion brings his shaking palms to his face, the blurry outlines shadowy in front of him. He’s not in his armour. He’s not in his armour and he’s in water and oh, oh – Tony Stark is dying.
Tony knows. There’s nothing better than beating someone of an intellectual level as well as a physical fight. Hammer taught him that, because he gave him the chance not only to destroy him with might, but with a brilliance unique to Tony alone.
!?” His fist slams on the crisp laminated surface, making a sickening crack. The strenuous movement stretches all of his healing wounds, making him bow forward. He shakes his head to himself, showing Harley
The world around him is dark, there's pressure on his ears and building on his chest. Gasping, he rips his eyes open. He goes to talk and instead inhales water. He’s panicking now. The fear is blinding; his hands flailing around him, body twisting and turning wildly, caged like an animal, fighting the water. Yes. Water. Tony Stark is drowning.
“Yeah, well keep your comments to yourself next time.” Tony says, moving to the workstation, “Dummy, bring me the welder. Ghost, play the rock playlist.”
“And you still look like shit,” She moves a lock of hair out of her face, flicking her eyes from his to somewhere above his head.
There are a number of things he is – alcoholic, paranoid, self-centred – but coward is not something anyone can use to describe him. It had hurt, more than he’d like to admit to anyone, when Steve Rogers,
Towering trees appear before him, and he stands on feeble legs. The ground is sodden, the air thick with the humidity that follows rainfall. The wreckage that brought him here is left discarded as he takes weary steps toward the forest. The bark is a burnt colour, singed, certainly not that of a normal tree. His hand scrapes along it, pieces of wood lodging under his fingernails. It’s tangible.
Tony takes a couple of the books in one hand, it is getting late and he has things to do; stuff to process, more data to gather.
At the end of the day though, now that Tony is alone (except for the blue iRobot, who hasn’t said a word to him yet, and has an air of indifference to their defeat) he can only feel resentment for who he is.
Steve awoke the same way he has for the past 2 years: sitting upright with a bolt of movement, sweat trickling down his brow; fingers resting on the phone in his pocket.
There has to be a way to sort his brain into folders like his computer. It will absolutely end in failure if big, purple and ugly can get a hint of any of his real fears with the reality stone. Water. Howard. Everyone he knows and loves dying.
He keeps watching her this time, not exactly thrilled about the idea of someone going awol. She’s a big girl and could kill Tony with her pinky, but he worries, because if she’s not in Wakanda, and Clint’s god knows where, who is watching her back? Obviously, he will be. Sometimes he wishes Ghost was a direct link in his head, so that he could get the hell on with finding a way to track her already.
“Can’t a man enjoy a shower? And it’s just a name G you don’t have to take it so literally.” He doesn’t want to think about the game, the one Peter showed him in their rare bonding times his Aunt’s. He felt sick just thinking about the prospect of this planet
Ash floats around him as he curls around the shoes. All gone; they’re not coming back. There’s ash on his clothes, his fingers are painted white. The more he tries to wipe it off the worse it seems to cover him. He’s having an attack again, the bile rising in his throat alongside the thrum of his erratic heartbeat. He has to get out of here. Awkwardly fumbling to his feet, he bolts for the door.
“Harley don’t touch that,” Ghost growls, startling him from where he was poking around in Tony’s equipment.
He kept a careful eye on all the major channels and who was fighting in who’s corner. It was only a matter of time before someone decided to drag the rest of his team into this, and he needed to start on a contingency plan for them too. The Avengers are going to want to come home at some point, he’ll need to take the heat for this colossal fuck up. It’s not as though it’s difficult for him to fall into his old stereotype (there’s one, just for him) and take the public eye like a magpie to a shiny watch. Perhaps a publicity stunt, or a statement on behalf of the Avengers. He could clear up some bad blood between them, too.
And oh, Tony does not like the smile on the boy’s face as he said it. These are just broken children, and by the sounds of it the Avengers have just ascended to Number One on America’s Most Hated List. Not that their despise is unwarranted, mind, however on top of everything else it’s another blow to his crippled self-worth. He also doesn’t want to start beating on random children, so he decides it’s better to just leave and let them –
By this point Harley has stopped walking; his fists are tensed angrily at his sides, his cheeks brushed with a slight red where he’s trying to hold himself back.
The irony in that fact. Sure, he had people who would be willing to set aside their past grievances and perhaps even act happy to see him alive; kidding himself that they would be truly glad to see him was a fallacy he wouldn’t allow himself. No, he needs to focus on figuring out where Thanos is, and how exactly he’s going to pry that glove from his fingers. There’s also a migraine and broken bones to sort out along the way.
He stretches the cricks in his back, slouching over to release the pressure on his wounds. Then, he takes long, stumbling, strides towards his bathroom, closing the door with a loud ‘bang’ behind him. There’s a conversant feral panic that’s deep set in his eyes when he glances at the mirror. The same dread-filled look that he feels in his chest.
Dummy whirs off with a happy chirp and roll of wheels. He takes the scalpel that was next to the cup and twiddles with it.
Besides crawling through the legs of the people in front, Tony makes it to the apex of the crowd, and now that he can see Harley taller and ganglier,
“Fine, but you’re not off the hook. Oh, but you can start by making yourself useful by looking for Mr Wong.”
“Good, that’s great. We should, um.” He took a moment to breathe; for all the panic and self-hatred that was swirling in his system, he was an engineer. And engineers fixed things. “Earth. We need to go to Earth.”
“What kind of a shot was that, A-Rod,” Tony puts his hands up in surrender, “I know the situation is shitty right now, we’re trying to fix it.”
His lower legs might as well be on fire. It lasts for a full minute before he gives a frustrated thump on the counter. Climbing up so that he’s standing on the table, he winces at the strains on his lower leg muscles and wriggles his toes. It makes him feel nauseas and he’s never had vertigo until now. He throws off the uneasy sensation and jumps off the edge with the expected amount of grace (none at all).
he. Tony, if he’s being truly honest with himself and he rarely is, was done. He gave Thanos all he had; all his little tricks, his advancements, let him use his head like a punching bag. When Thanos turned that knife against him and Tony felt the sickening crunch of it scraping across bone, that intense heat as his blood began to seep from him, coughed as the punctured lung started taking liquid, he was ready to die.
Nebula takes off again while he directs her to a location that he’s never revealed to anyone. His own personal cave; a getaway; a sanctuary. His panic room.
“No,” Wong raises an eyebrow and gestures for him to follow, which he does, with some difficulty, “But there were measures put in place, believe it or not disaster plans have been all the rage since the battle of New York.”
“Thor and Rocket left yesterday, and the people here have more to worry about than the white people who brought the universe to fight on their doorstep. I need time, and I need to find Clint.”
It’s a phrase he’s been saying to himself since they started passing planets he could recognise. If they were on Titan, the biggest of Saturn’s moons, then they’ve just passed Jupiter. Being this close to these planets makes Tony feel a little bit giddy. Almost as though a piece of his childhood has awakened at being in space, outer space, in what is technically an alien spaceship – just like an astronaut. That could be the dehydration, or the blood loss giving him the impression that he’s completely out of it. He flexes his fingers, distracted. At this speed Nebula is going to get him home in no time. He’s not exactly sure he’s ready for that.
Nebula was silent, to the point where Tony was starting to worry about her being unconscious in the driver’s seat.
Also for those of you who don't know who the voice of Ghost is, watch this, Chris is amazing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWwvR6cSH4o
“Barely, glad to see you are too.” His tone is shakier than what he’s used to, his vocal cords still trying to get over all the screaming he’s been doing lately.
He wishes he had just told Tony about Bucky, about his parents. Of course Tony would understand. The man has enough issues to fill an encyclopaedia, he’s always treated Banner and the Big Guy with respect, he learned sign language to communicate comfortably with Clint – even though the man has the most advanced hearing aid Stark could come up with – and Natasha used to walk about with just the one knife on her in the Tower. For the brash and arrogant front he puts up, Tony cared, a lot, despite often forgetting to show it at appropriate times.
On cue, Dummy rushes over with a screech and the pair of pliers that had got thrown across the room when he’d knocked the tray beside Tony. Fondly, he pats his head and takes the pliers. His body still aches, like he’d slept with someone hammering at him with a crowbar all night. Predictably, Ghost had warned him, the wound on his stomach had gotten infected too. So, he’s got constant nausea and drugs filtering through his system, and a persistent sting every time he moves. He deserves it though, this is his atonement.
But, he had a point before his mind slithered to that horrible tangent. A point… He has to use Thanos’ gloating to his advantage. That, and Thanos must not under any single circumstance close his fist.
“Any luck on finding out what the gauntlet is made of yet, G?” Tony asks, keeping his eyes trained on the screen.
“Wanda, Vision, Sam, T’Challa, all gone.” Steve interrupts again, his eyes misting over with sadness that Tony sees because of the way his voice had choked, “And Bucky. I guess you got what you wanted.”
Dummy brings over various things, first a cup. An empty cup. Tony doesn’t even bother gracing him with a statement, he pushes the cup back into his claw and continues clearing his desk. The books are not so neatly stacked to the side of the room and the rest of his equipment is effectively pushed to one side. He enters a code onto the surface and pulls a lever on the side. A crunching of metal fills the room, a soft hum following as the table begins to move. Electromagnets in the base of all of his furniture means that redesigning the room is a piece of cake. He pushes the table as far as he can, then drops it back into place. Making the point of flicking his eyes at Dummy, he sees him about to pick up one of the books
The punch to his gut makes him wheeze. He can feel it right through his stitches and into his gaping spleen. There were a lot of them now, and sure he could fly out of there but suppose one of them takes a repulsor beam to the face. Whatever way Tony pictures this, it doesn’t end well in his favour. It rarely does, these days.
“Yes. Now if you’re really going to do this surgery would you please allow me to run the tests before you cut yourself with-“
Jarivs wasn’t like this. This AI is starting scare him with all the liberties it decides to take, even if it is for his benefit. Huffing, Tony gets to his feet.
They take a taxi to cover the majority of the distance, Harley sulkily silent as Tony discusses with Ghost on his ear piece about what kind of energy source he needs to build. He didn’t think about grabbing his phone before leaving, so Harley uses the last of his cash to pay the cab before they finish the walk into the abandoned rocky plains.
“Fine, Ghost show me the quickest route home.” He begins to escape the mass of people, thankful that, besides Harley, everyone seems to be more interested in the politics than in his bad disguise of himself.
None of it means anything to Steve, obviously. Tony must have fucked up the last good thing he had in his life; now all he has is Dummy and his AI.
Tony glanced at the panel to his left, fingers brushing against the side of his worktop. The Anti Avengers situation just got a hell of a lot worse – for him anyway. Those kids who cornered him the other day only went and blabbed to the papers. Now there’s some crazy witch hunt going on, with his head on a spike as the prize. He grimaces. Finding Wong had been a necessity, he needed that intel. Half of New York is going to be out looking for him, a quarter of them calling him everything you can think of under the sun and the rest will be impervious to why he matters at all... It’s added stress he didn’t want to deal with. The risk of being caught unawares was starting to get to Tony too; if he’s trapped on a street again the chances of it going south is definite.
After contemplating the idea of him and Steve, Tony turns to his workbench, pulling a panel towards him. Loading up an extensive amount of code, he starts to put some adjustments into the bots. He also brings up the old schematics for his arc reactor. The power source needs to be sustainable and containable, and to create one that’s slightly smaller than the arc reactor seems like a good place to start. It’ll also act as a red herring, because people will assume that it’s his life source and not the core for his new suit.
“We both know you could have contacted your team at any time. I sat you at the communications panel, but I suspected you would not do it.”
There were a lot of things Tony was prepared for, a shouting match – absolutely. Screaming the place down, undoubtably. One of them cutting the other off, sure! Steve breaking down, being emotionally vulnerable and telling Tony, of all people, was unprecedented.
Thanos. All he needs is to have a stronger blast, or magnet. Something with a bit more juice to hold off both Thanos’ power and the Gauntlet.
It’s a conclusion that hit Steve like a shield to the chest. It had occurred to him previously, the future when Steve woke up held a lot of possibilities and Tony was one of them. Incredible. More importantly, Tony didn’t put him on a pedestal. He treated Steve like they’d been bickering for years, not like Steve had missed the last seventy of them. It slammed him into oblivion, while living in the Avengers Tower with the team. They had a home. He was almost whole – for a time before finding out Bucky was
“What did you call me?” Tony says, blinking as the water droplets cascade off his eyelashes. “Don’t ever call me that again.”
It continues like this for hours, various people coming and going. Steve is never there. From the brief flashes where he does make an appearance, his face is haggard with tension and fatigue. The suit he was wearing is gone, replaced with some loose-fitting one piece in muted cream colours. He is filled by the desire to hold that idiot by the shoulders and tell him to get some sleep. He wishes he could earn Steve’s forgiveness, to be treated as a friend again. More than anything he wants to hug him and cry his heart out. He’d hold his hand as Steve cried for Bucky, rub his back as he choked on the tears.
“Wizard buddy!” Tony beams, not even watching as the portal closes behind him as he’s pulled across the gap. He’s standing in Strange’s office, it doesn’t look any different from the last time he was here before… Before all this hell started.
Peter thankfully didn’t hesitate. His bottom lip was still trembling. It only caused Tony to tighten his arms around his son. He hated seeing Peter in pain. Maybe he might spoil the kid, but he didn’t care. Peter had to go through a childhood of one parent mostly missing. Wasn’t that enough? No, now his Papa had decided to take on another damn mission.
At closer inspection of the box Steve finds the original drawing is included, too, all messy brush strokes he’s been used to for years now, has seen them what feels like forever next to his own paintings in his studio.
“Valerie is still a thing?” Out of the blue Natasha has appeared by their side, a steaming mug in both her hands. “I thought he’s given up on aiming higher than what’s on his shelf.” She takes a careful sip, though the smirk is clear even around the cup’s rim. They share a laugh until Bucky leans down closer to Natasha’s hands and sniffs.
“You’re not allowed,” Pete murmurs, part sullen, part crestfallen. If there has ever been an expression Steve had never wanted to see on his son’s face it was
Even now Tony couldn’t help the chuckle and was soon joined by his son. That had been a moment to remember. Birdbrain had wanted to make pancakes for the whole gang, but only managed to make a huge mess. At first Tony hadn’t found that very funny, it had been his kitchen after all and someone needed to clean up afterwards. But when Clint had gathered that all he would accomplish that day would be making a mess, he of course had to make a show of it.
Tony chuckles. “It’s Christmas.” He leans in for another kiss and only shortly pulls back to whisper, “And I love you” against Steve’s lips.
All Steve can do is watch him scoot off in the direction of his room and make sure FRIDAY has an eye on him. Just before he slams the door shut Peter yells, “And then we buy a tree!”
Peter didn’t talk to him for the rest of the afternoon, burying himself in his room and occupying himself with toys and tools alike. The grim expression that looked totally wrong on the kid’s usually so happy face stayed.
“It’s almost Uncle Bruce’s birthday and we haven’t,” he heaves all the stuff in his small arms on the table, “started making presents yet!”
Without thinking he spun around, wrapping himself in tinsel halfway, but Tony couldn’t care less about that. Right in front of him stood, in flesh and blood, Steve Rogers, his husband, and smiled at him.
Tony felt his already pretty crappy mood fall even further. “Baby, Papa’s not here.” He hated disappointing his son like that, hated that
. He had to cling to that promise, that hope that he would still show up. Even through two weeks of radio silence.
Peter is way more excited for his Papa to open his present than he is about opening his own and that should’ve made Steve at least a little suspicious. But as it’s Christmas morning he doesn’t think too much of it. Instead he pulls Peter over to the couch so that he can see Steve opening the present. Tony joins them, sits down on Pete’s other side and watches with a big smile over the kid’s head as his husband carefully pulls at the ribbon.
At times like these, when he had to look at their son and the heart-broken look in his eyes, his quivering bottom lip and on the verge of tears, Tony could throttle Steve, scream at him, hammer against his perfectly shaped chest. Tony shouldn’t be doing this and his husband should damn well be at home, spending his time with them!
For Peter’s sake he leaned in closer again, pretended to embrace Steve, but in reality he methodically checked him over for wounds and bandages.
At times like these Tony could almost hear Steve chuckle in the background and tell him that Peter was definitely Tony’s son. That smug tone screamed Stark in such a typical way, it would be obvious to everyone.
They’re all on their last legs, but Steve’s proud and happy to help wherever he can. Sadly, that means he’s not really in the mood for Christmas yet. Doubts that this year he will get there. But apparently his son has taken it upon himself to drag his Papa with him and out of the circles of darkness that has settled around Steve without him noticing.
It really was Steve’s luck that Peter decided he wanted in on the cuddling now, too, because otherwise Tony would’ve given him another piece of his mind right then and there. The kid collided with their legs and Steve swayed uncharacteristically. Tony felt the need to support and steady his husband. But since he was Tony Stark he made it look casual.
He tells his husband about it later that week and they both laugh. They haven’t really spoken in two days, both being scooped up at their respective works. Tony’s working the great tour, traveling the whole country with Pepper in tow to spread the Christmas spirits of Stark Industries and the Maria Stark Relief Foundation wherever they make a stop.
Steve also knows Peter hates to see his Papa mope around like this. He’s informed him of this several times before, for almost two years now whenever he notices it. And Steve can’t deny that he’s moping. It really has to be rather obvious, especially if his boy gives him this long hard stare, eyes narrowed to slits.
He pulled back a little, looking at his son. Tony swiped the kid’s brown hair out of his face and placed a kiss on the top of his head.
The boy settles soon, though, when Steve good-naturedly rolls his eyes, which probably says something about how often he does it when Tony evades an answer. Another thing he has to get a grip on, apparently, if he doesn’t want his son mimicking every mannerism his Dad has developed over the years.
“The one that made me laugh the most was the one the two of you sent when I was only away for a week. I still don’t know what had you giggling like that, but I saw that neither of could stop, and all you managed to articulate was something about Uncle Clint and pancakes.”
They weren’t friends – not anymore. Perhaps that’s why this particular cold sweat is bothering him the most. No matter the situation between them, Steve didn’t want Tony dead. When he saw the news, he was angry at Tony, with Tony, because the man has about as much regard for his own safety as a pistachio shell. He wanted Tony to be a team player to stop him from recklessly and needlessly putting himself in danger, then putting everyone else in danger trying to help Tony. It’s infuriating. Tony is infuriating.
about what he’s thinking about right now. In order to test these bots, he was going to revert back to his mad scientist training. Tony learned better than anyone that if you want to know what the reaction is going to be, your best bet is to try it yourself. His hypothesis usually ended with him getting hurt, but what’s a few more bumps to a washed-up hero? There might be improvements on his health but it’s not like he can fling himself around… Who is he kidding? All of his impulse control floated away a few weeks ago.
“Have you considered reassembling the Avengers to help us?” Wong asks, not looking up from the book he’s currently citing.
“Oh yeah, how long have a got until it becomes a real issue?” Tony says, shifting his posture to be as aerodynamic as humanly possible.
If Pepper is alive, he needs to break it off with her. He chokes on the thought. They’d both fought so hard to be together, and realistically if he can’t make it work with Pepper he is going to die alone. No one else would put up with his eccentricates, his nightmares nor his inclination to find trouble. His anxieties have been eating at him for a long time now, like an angry swarm of bees all stinging him at once. Pumping their venom deeper into his veins. He’d rushed to give her the engagement ring, messed up the execution of what could have been a deeply happy moment in his life. He is consumed by his regrets, too young to have so many, too old to deal with most of them.
. Peter collapsed on the floor, staring up at the stars. The concrete floor was still slightly warm from the sun, and even now, in the middle of the night, it wasn't that cold.
Peter didn't wait on an answer, though. "I want to try it, though.", he stated and suddenly the wall was gone and Peter was coming closer, step by step.
"What if he doesn't believe us!? What if he takes one look at me and kicks us out?! And what if he doesn't,  I don't know this man, Wade! For all I know he handed me over to HYDRA! And even if he didn't,  what if he hates me! I wouldn't even blame him, I mean, I'm a mess, I wouldn't wanna be my father either-", the words came out like the shots of an automatic rifle and Peter had no idea where they were even coming from. They were just spilling out of him.
He was met by darkness once he opened his eyes and for a moment he though he was back in that cell, going through the change.
The words played in a loop in his mind over and over again until they were the only thing, until nothing else was left, not even Keipon. They pulled Peter under, lulled him to sleep until he finally faded away.
"Do you expect me to thank you?", Peter asked into the silence. Whatever was on his face before was gone, replaced with emptiness. He looked the way he did before the drugs had left his system. But he had also visibly relaxed, which was good. Some of the tension had left his shoulders and he had leaned his head back, staring at the ceiling.
"Where do you wanna go now? Any wishes?", Bucky asked into the silence of the car. Peter's head was still leaning against the window, staring out like he could still see the others in the driveway even though by now they were miles away. Peter didn't answer for a while and from where Bucky sat he couldn't tell if Peter was thinking, ignoring him or if he just got lost in his head. Bucky just hoped that it wasn't the latter.
"So, I think we got everything, Strength, speed, agility, I can stick to pretty much all surfaces, webshooters and all my senses are dialled up to eleven. That'd be it. I'd prefer to not talk about how I got them, because... because I don't want to subject either of us to a panic attack.", Peter finished his explanation.
"Natasha told me, she also had her transferred to LA. ", Tony replied and Peter couldn't help but to wonder why the fuck Natasha would have the decency to do that. That wasn't important right now, though. All that Peter cared about was getting to Gwen as quickly as possible.
"Peter-", MJ gasped, her eyes wide just as the stranger yelled: "Hands in the air!" Peter's hands shot up immediately, he was still programmed to obey orders, but his mind didn't shut off.
"MJ said it makes her uncomfortable when people watch her swim. And that it would make her less uncomfortable if I joined her.", Peter replied simply. Of course it hadn't been simple at all.
Tony Stark was well accustomed with loss. He might even call it an old friend. First his parents, Jarvis, Obi. None was quite as harrowing as losing Peter. His golden boy, the first family Tony had since his parents' death.
, that was definitely worse. Wade thought back to Vanessa and that one time she told him about one of the other hookers she was in contact with. She had a 'permanent arrangement' with a loaded John.
"I didn't ask you to do that. ", he said and Wade couldn't see his expression but it sounded almost like Peter was snapping at him.
"Oh is that so? Then tell me your plan, genius.". His voice was edgier than intended. He couldn't handlethis right now, but he had to. "I don't need a plan, I'm going in there and I'm getting Peter out. Whatever it takes.", Wade spat before narrowing his eyes at Bucky. "You should be coming with me, you know. I know you wanna."
"Steve- Stevie, take a breath for me please. What's happening, is everything okay?", he asked, trying to keep his calm. He heard Steve take a few wheezing breaths, almost like when he still used to have asthma and then Steve told him about Tony's son. A boy that disappeared 10 years ago, a boy that was raised by HYDRA until he was saved. A boy that freaked out and took off in a Quinjet that he crashed right outside New York. A boy named Peter.
"I don't know. I'm just trying to keep some sense of normalcy.", Wade shrugged but Tony had already diverted his attention.
Then there was the food thing. Peter needed loads of food, Tony and Steve knew that, Peter had told them about his super fast metabolism and they had seen how much he could eat. Knowing this made it even more obvious that he only ate when instructed and never asked for it or,
Still, every time it happened Steve could see how crushed Tony was when the test results came back negative. He knew that his boyfriend didn't dare hope to see his son ever again, it didn't make this easier, though.
"Home.", Peter replied. He had laid his arm with the broken hand around her again. Wade had never seen Peter so physically comfortable with anyone before and his chest grew tight.
"How? I'd do almost anything.", he agreed desperately. Peter wanted to be whole so badly. He wanted to be good, he wanted to behave.
That actually surprised Bucky. Thus far Peter had counted him in with the people he didn't trust, the people he didn't want to disappoint. What set him apart? "Why me?", Bucky asked and Peter shrugged.
Bucky understood the need to be on your own but Peter couldn't be left to his own devices, not with HYDRA probably still searching for him and not after what had happened just hours prior."We can't just let you go off on your own.", Bucky said, his tone apologetic.
Peter figured that he'd just have to wait it out. Maybe she'd feel better the next day. When Gwen excused herself and went to bed Peter was a little relieved, as awful as that sounded.
"Stop it!", she yelled and now she was the one who was pleading. He almost had here where she needed to be, almost. Peter smiled despite himself. He reach out and cupped her face with his bloody hand, staining her skin.
Tony and Steve shared a look before Tony knelt down in front of Peter to get him to look at him. "Would that be alright, Peter?", he asked carefully and Peter blinked a few times and shook his head slightly like he was trying to focus.
The kid ate slowly, glancing at Bucky constantly, like he was scared that he'd rip the food away. Or maybe he just waited for Bucky to tell him to stop. He didn't though, so the boy finished the soup and the bread and drank the water and by the time he was done his eyes were already closing.
"Shit...sorry...sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. I'm sorry. ", he rambled, the apology was frantic and felt like it had an urgency and Peter couldn't help but to think of Gwen. Trying to protect Peter from himself while brokenly apologizing.
By the time Wade mentally wrestled down his voices, (he didn't speak out loud to them, not in front of the superdads, Peter might not mind him talking to nobody but Peter's standards for normal were anything but, well, normal) Peter had come down from the ceiling again and reclaimed his seat at the table.
"I- I don't really know where we are at right now. I don't know if he likes me like that. And also I sort of just fucked off? Some stuff happened and I needed to get away from everything,  including him. We still text sometimes and he was understanding but I'm still afraid that he'll grow tired of waiting for me to be ready.", he finally confessed, glancing over at MJ. "That is if he's even into me like that which I can't really imagine. ", Peter added with a dry laugh but MJ didn't join in.
They gave him space. For about two hours. Then they seemed to decide that it was probably time to confront the moody teen that was brooding on their roof. Peter knew that eventually someone would come for him. He expected Wade or Bucky, he didnt expect it to be Tony. That's why he was surprised when his father climbed through the ceiling opening that led to the roof. "You?", Peter asked surprised. He had curled up on the ground a few feet away from the edge. Until now he had watched the sunset, his mind running on empty, it's how he liked it best.
"I wasn't born like this, y' know?", Wade smirked but his smile didn't look quite as genuine as it did before. "But joining the program was better than the alternative.", he then added.
Once Bucky seemed convinced that Peter hadn't been hurting himself he seemed to calm down and also finally notice MJ's presence.
"Something like that. " Bucky didn't know what that was supposed to mean but he didn't start digging.
The things that happened weren't necessarily Tony's and Wade' s fault  but I felt like it would've been a bit unrealistic if Peter was just immediately cool with them again. He needs time to heal and figure himself out and that's what we'll do now.
4 things he could see. The window that looked out onto the highway, his phone on the nightstand, a picture on the wall that showed a couple at the beach, the navy curtains that looked black in this light.
They were on the road again and even though it was night, their surroundings only got brighter and brighter as they entered a city. "If the traffic doesn't get too crazy, which it will, come on, it's Manhatten, then we'll probably be there in an hour. That means we'll actually be there in 2. ", Wade commented nonchalantly.
"Don't touch-", Peter hissed, flinching back but the guards held him in place. He had nowhere to escape when Keipon backhanded him. Something sharp caught on Peter's brow, probably a ring and he could feel something warm trickle down the side of his face from where his skin had split.
Peter hadn't changed his mind when it came to not seeing them. The next day when they returned to the headquarters a woman who introduced herself as agent Lorenz informed them that Peter wished to be left alone. Wade demanded to see him but SHIELD was apparently determined on respecting this one request Peter had made. In the end Wade calmed down enough that Lorenz stopped threatening him with calling security. She told them a little about Peter's progress, flipping through a file while she did so. Wade was reminded of the HYDRA file they left at the Malibu house.
"Peter, I-", he started to protest but Peter wouldn't let him finish. His eyes focused on the file on the desk.
"That's sweet, a sweet sweet mistake.", Wade grinned cheekily before going off to get Peter something as well.
"I should really go now.", Peter said after a moment of silence. "See you tomorrow?", He then asked.
Peter watched Wade for a while, blinking slowly, taking his time with his reply. "Was it like that, for you and Vanessa?", he eventually asked.
. Hearing those words come out of her mouth made Peter sick. But the words also gave him a sense of victory, a small one, but still. Apparently their plan was to just reactivate him, they didn't know yet that he was deprogrammed. That the trigger words didn't work anymore. He might have just a slight advantage here. He might last long enough for his family to get him.
"Peter, I can imagine that this might feel easier right now but it won't help you in the long run." His words felt useless, like screaming at a wall, or arguing with his boxes, absolutely fruitless. Peter couldn't be reasoned with when he was like this.
"Peter?", Wade asked and his voice cracked. He had to do it, had to tell him, now that he got the chance he had to take it.
"What do you mean?", Tony asked genuinely confused but Peter only raised his eyebrows, not looking impressed.
"What if he doesn't have time?", Bucky asked and he didn't want to hear an answer, not really. Bucky knew what awaited Peter at SHIELD because he went through it. They found a way to reprogram him. They used their own version of the halo to alter the memories placed by HYDRA in order to make the trigger words effective. That's all they really did, stop Bucky from turning into a mindless machine because of a few words. Bucky was left to combat the remaining traumatic memories and natural conditioning by himself.  It didn't really help in his day to day life, it only ensured that he wasn't a loaded gun anymore. Back then he was all for it. And sure, it was awful. The whole process reminded him so much of HYDRA that he tried to break free several times. To have someone deconstruct your mind, even if it's for your own benefit, wasn't fun. It were probably the worst weeks of his new conscious life. Still, he would probably agree to it again. But that was him and he made the conscious decision to hand himself over to SHIELD back then. Peter didn't get to decide for himself. SHIELD just kicked in the door, tipped off by Natasha, and ripped him from his family. He could still see the absolute panic in Peter's eyes, the desperation, could still hear him scream.
He had two plates that were stacked with piles of waffles, Deadpool really went all out, and two mugs in hand. Water for Peter, hot chocolate with whipped cream for Wade.
Peter was tired, exhausted, but there was no way he was sleeping not now, not until he saw Gwen and made sure that she was alright, he owed her that at least.
"Just try it, okay? That's all I'm asking.", Bucky said, careful to not let it show that he was dejected by their exchange.
"Come in!", Peter called out, glad to be interrupted. He didn't like where this conversation was going anyways.
Now Peter was the one hesitate, to gather his thoughts. "His name is Wade. He... he is one of the best people I've ever met, and that might not sound like much because I haven't met many good people but he's- he's amazing. I wouldn't be alive without him. But beyond all that he's caring and kind, and he can handle my shit and he's hilarious and I just...I don't know...I think I might be in love with him."
Tony simply waved him off, though. "Nah, you don't. You're not supposed to make things easy for me.", he said. "How are you doing, how were you doing, before I called.", Tony asked next. Things were going surprisingly well in this conversation so Peter decided to keep it going.
That's how Deadpool ended up stuffing an unconscious Peter Stark into the passenger seat of his pick-up truck. The whole first hour of their ride Wade could only glance over at Peter every few seconds. The boy, he had to be like 20 but he seemed much younger, looked like he went through hell and according to the file Wade also took with him, he did.
"I appreciate the sentiment, but I think my issues would've caught up with us eventually.", Peter stated. It didn't make Wade feel any better.
"Okay. No touching.", MJ nodded swimming a few feet away from the edge of the pool to make room for Peter.
"Yeah, you won't be making any problems, in fact, you will never come here again and if you do I'll be waiting and I won't be as nice then. ", Peter explained calmly. The man looked up at him with scared eyes, nodding slightly. "Now get up, nice and slow,", Peter ordered taking a step back but still aiming for the head as the man got to his feet. " -and fuck off. ", he then added and the stranger scrambled towards the door as quickly as possible. As soon as he was gone Peter put the safety on the gun and dropped it to the floor.
"I don't think so. ", Tony said with a knowing smile and something about it erased all of Wade's worries.
Wade grabbed the boy, careful not to hurt him and pulled him off the wall. It was surprisingly easy and suddenly Peter was curled up in Wade's arms. He stopped screaming, whimpering instead while his whole body trembled violently. Wade wasn't sure which one was worse.
Peter hadn't moved from his spot on the ground except to prop himself up against a wall. He wasn't sure, if he was allowed to and if getting up warranted more shot wounds, he'd rather stay down for now.
"What's up?", Peter asked with a frown before noticing the phone that Tony was clutching in his hand
"Psychological torment? Lovely wordchoice. So encouraging.", Wade remarked, trying to go for his usual dark humor. It fell flat.
Peter and MJ separated but their faces still hovered close to each other, when Peter opened his eyes he was met by a frown. "You look upset.", he pointed out and apparently MJ hadn't been aware of that.
"Peter. It's okay." So goddamn soft. Like a blanket, like Gwen. Peter lowered his hands and finally looked at Wade. He had nothing but sympathy in his eyes, sincere sympathy and Peter couldn't take it. "I won't leave until you're okay to stay by yourself, I promise. Okay?", Wade said and somehow Peter believed him.
There's gonna be an appearance of a popular character from the current Spider-Man movies (guess who it is!), an inspirational lady named Karen and Peter's first time acting as a hero. I hope you're as excited as I am!
Wade kneeled down in front of him and waited until Peter held out his arm, making sure that Peter was okay with being touched. He wasn't, but that didn't really matter. Wade quickly wrapped his wrists up again and by the time he was finished Peter's  eyes were falling shut.
"I don't really trust anyone fully but you. But I trust them a lot. I- I don't think they'd ever do anything to intentionally hurt us.", he replied honestly. He wanted Gwen to get along with the rest of his family... Peter didn't know when he had started considering them his family, but he was there now.
Something was wrong here. Usually Peter could barely hear his own thoughts over the sound of, well, everything. He could hear the whole base, hundreds of voices, footsteps, laughter, all blending together into one agonizing headache. Right now everything was silent. It was disturbing.
"Besides, I don't know if I'm ready for a relationship like that.  Like, I can barely handle platonic relationships. And being with someone would probably include them touching me and I don't always want that, but that's what you have to do when you're in love with someone, right? Like, kissing and sex and stuff. That's part of being with someone, isn't it? And I just don't know if I can do that, I'd have to if I was with someone, like, that's the deal, right? And I just- I wouldn't want to rob someone like that. Like- I'm damaged and I know that and I've inadvertently brought this all upon you but I just- I don't know if I could handle putting someone else through that, it wouldn't be fair. Even if I would ever find someone that- that would be willing- to put up with...the rest of my issues." The longer Peter continued to ramble the more in his head he seemed to get until eventually his voice just fizzled out.
They were standing in a pile of metal, completely shredded and torn apart by the crash. And there was blood. No body but blood that dried days ago. It led away from the crash and they followed it, because there was nothing else to do. They followed it until they lost the trail. "He survived the crash, that proves it!", Steve tried to lift their spirits.
"Ever heard of Tony Stark? Super rich billionaire, Iron Man, Avenger, dates the embodiment of the American wet dream?", Wade asked and Peter shook his head ever so slightly. Apparently he missed a lot. "Well, you won the lottery, he's your daddy and I'm bringing you over to him."
"What is her story?", Wade then asked, the explanation he had received during the phone call was very limited.
Wade couldn't take it anymore. He let himself fall to his knees in front of Peter and pulled him into his lap as gently as he could. Peter didn't struggle against his arms, he went completely slack and while Wade was well aware that Peter was strong enough to break both his arms, if he wanted to, he also knew that this could be a sign of exhaustion or submission, not trust. Still, it was the only thing he knew how to do so he hoped that he wasn't doing more damage as he gently rocked Peter in his arms, repeating an endless loop of 'it's okay, you're safe, no one will punish you'.
Once they stepped out of the room into the hallway, Peter realized why he couldn't hear the others anymore. It's because they were all dead. Their bodies were spread all over the place. agents, scientist and doctors, all laying in their own blood and Deadpool, or whatever his name was, was using them as stepping stones, jumping from one to the other.
Gwen just grabbed a hold of him and pulled him closer, one hand caressing the back of his head, the other rubbing circles over his back. "Oh, Peter. That wasn't you.", she reassured him.
"Shit, I mean, I do, too but that's insane.", she smirked before taking a bite of her burger as well.
Immediately he realized that this had been a mistake. He was able to stand with his head above water but he still felt like he was drowning, like every moment, someone would grab a hold of him and shove his head under water. "Fuck...Fuck, fuck, fuck...", he whispered, gasping for air that wouldn't come.
"Yes and no. They are probably still looking for me, but I'm not running from them at the moment, I was telling you the truth when I said that I needed to get away from home. And Bucky... he's a friend, he really does feel like my older brother sometimes, and he offered to take me because my father trusted him to take care of me.", Peter explained.
Things were worse now. Nothing made sense anymore and everything hurt. Peter was on the wall or was he on the bed? It was difficult to keep up with up and down like this. His eyes drifted around the room. Wade was there, he was hanging from the ceiling, no, Peter was. He looked down. The bed was underneath him.
"Yeah. How is Peter? ", Natasha asked. It wasn't the first time, she checked in on Peter regularly even if Peter didn't want to know anything about that. Her concern extended to him as well.
"Yeah. I thought we could get Gwen some clothes today, if that's okay. ", Peter asked. Why the fuck was asking for things so easy when it wasn't for himself?
His eyes wandered over to the HYDRA file that was placed on a desk next to him. Steve told him that HYDRA had Peter all along. The man that found him, Deadpool, said the same. But he refused to give them more details.
Peter was screaming, had been for the last 30 minutes. Wade only went to the bathroom for a few minutes and he thought the boy would be fine, since he had slept for the last few hours without any problems.
. Though, it was mostly horror and worry. Not much room for a joy when a traumatized young man fucks off to god knows where.
As much as Peter hated it, Natasha had taken Gwen under her wing. She had overseen the entire month Gwen spend at SHIELD and afterwards Gwen had apparently moved in with Natasha so that Natasha could aid her ongoing recovery.
Okay,  first of, I'm super sorry that this took so long and that it is so short. I just had exams and I was working on some original stuff and I also fell in love with a the Raven Cycle Books (holy fuck, that series killed me, I'm not finished yet because I'm dreading being done with it).
Peter didn't look away, didn't retreat, didn't divert his eyes. "I need to be gone.", he said, his tone determined and sure. Bucky didn't know what to reply at first. It wasn't that he was surprised by the request, it's more like he hadn't expected Peter to actually ask for it and now Bucky didn't know what to reply. "At least for a while. Don't get me wrong... I don't want to blame you all for what happened, I really don't. I know you didn't want this. But-", Peter went on before his voice suddenly broke off. He looked down at his bare feet, like he was ashamed.
"That's right!", Peter yelled from the other room before opening the door to the kitchen. Tony had gotten used to Peter's superhearing by now.
"Why would I want them back? When have my emotions ever been something positive?", Peter asked and now that he actually looked at Wade he wouldn't stop. Those relentless cold eyes just stared him down.
"Quit spewing this tumblr-shit, Spidey. ", he spat and Peter glanced over at him with raised eyebrows.
Suddenly he stopped, his eyes on Wade, big and lit up with frustration and pain but also something else. Something soft and bittersweet. Something like need.
"Great, that's great.", he nodded, pulling out his phone. Peter eyed it nervously but when Bucky held it out for him, Steve's number already selected, he took it and pressed call. "Steve, it's me, Peter."
Domino let out a sigh and dropped into a chair next to Wade's bed. "You're not depressed you feel guilty for fucking Death and not telling your boy about it. They're not the same."
"You're a menace, I'll reset them for you back at the house so that they don't heal crooked.", Bucky smirked and Peter gave him a grateful smile.
"Who cares if he'll forgive you! I'd rather have him hate me than lose him completely!", he snapped, his voice nasty, dripping with venom.
Wade always only offered touch and waited for Peter to initiate it. He was good like that and he knew that Peter didn't like getting touched. Even now, even though he didn't care about what was done to him anymore, it still sometimes made Peter's skin crawl. The difference was that now Peter couldn't find the motivation to stop someone when they went too far. So it was good that Wade didn't.
Peter's heart was racing in his chest. He could hear MJ's panicked breathing, could see Karen shake as she tried to keep her composure. He needed to do something and he needed to do it soon.
At the mall they just entered the first clothing shop they came across. Peter had gotten a little better with the presence of other people but he was still scanning. Scanning for threats. Gwen just followed him around, watching him like a hawk. It was a little disconcerting.
That night Wade received a message from an unknown number. A picture of a night sky, littered with bright stars, more than Wade had ever seen before. Attached were two messages:
Peter didn't answer at first.  Like before, he seemed to struggle with his words. His eyes grew distant for a moment before focusing in on Wade again. "Thank you for not taking me up on the offer." Wade knew what he ment right away. Peter, crazed and desperate, promising to be
The video showed Gwen, sitting at a desk. Peter didn't know what he had expected. Probably a shell of his friend, shackled and collared and sedated. It wasn't that. Gwen looked miserable. But it wasn't the kind of misery that came from mistreatment. No, it was the emotional kind. Her eyes were red and puffy, her lips were pressed to a fine line, but otherwise she looked well.
"Yeah, sorta.", She admitted with a sigh. "I mean, he still said that he loves you.", she tried but Peter wasn't convinced. He had told himself the same thing a thousand times. The words had lost their reassuring effect and had quickly turned meaningless.
"Peter, please, I'm just worried.", Wade pleaded but it was too late. Peter had already made up his mind, had chosen a side, the side he'd always be on. Wade was a fucking fool for even trying.
"Hey, look at me,", Peter asked her but she wouldn't meet his eyes so he slipped off the couch and knelt down in front of her, taking her hands into his and waiting for her to look at him  "Gwen, look at me. I'm right here, I'm fine. Here, you feel this?", He reassured her before moving one of her hands to his wrist and guiding her fingers to his veins where she could feel his strong and steady pulse.
"Of me?", he asked, assuming that that's what it was. He wouldn't be offended if Peter agreed, or at least he'd try not to be.
After that they went south again. They returned to California but not home, instead Bucky took Peter to Redwood-Nationalpark. It was one of Peter's favorite spots that Bucky took him to. Walking through the forest where the trees were so high that you couldn't see where they ended and where the sky began was stunning. It was quiet, peaceful. They stayed almost a week until Peter grew restless once more, almost as long as they stayed in the Grand Canyon. Once they packed their stuff again and drove off, Peter dared to ask if they could go to a beach again, he hadn't been since before SHIELD and Bucky was more than happy to grant him that wish. He told Peter about McWay Falls, an 80-foot-tall waterfall in California that emptied directly into the ocean. It was next to a beach and that's where they went next.
"I'm not mad at you either, in case you were wondering." Peter's voice pulled Wade out of his thoughts. A part of Wade wanted to believe Peter, wanted to relief his conscience.
There it was again, that voice. Keipon was always in Peter's ear, in his dreams, burned into his mind for eternity. He'd still be there even when everything else faded from Peter's mind and Peter hated himself for it. Fir his pathetic weakness.
"I promise I'm not. She has the same powers as you, she knew your name and subject number from your file, it's her. I'm begging you, Peter, for both of your sake, you gotta trust me on this one!", Tony pleaded.
"Kid?" His calm voice sounded like a scream in the silence between them and Kid looked up. Bucky prepared himself for him to flinch back, to drop the book and start shaking like he always did when he though that he did something forbidden.
His trembling hands hovered over Wade's chest for a second. "No, no, no...", Peter mumbled, his breath picked up and his vision got blurry.
Death sat down in an armchair and watched Wade undress with lustfull eyes. Peter never looked at Wade like this. Like he was a thing, a toy, like he was the predator and Wade was the prey. Thank god for that. Wade hated being looked at like that.
Peter's first though was that HYDRA found him, the second was that he really shouldn't focus on who shot at their car but the fact that they were currently hurling through the air.
"No.", he snapped and he didn't dare to look at their faces, screwing his eyes shut instead. "I- I won't fuck off again if that's what- no. I just- I- space. Please.", he stammered before reaching for the door and making his way past Natasha.
"You would be great in a horror movie, you know. Like the exorcist. I bet they'd love to have someone who can crawl along the ceiling. It's your calling.", MJ suggested with a grin.
"I don't want to overwhelm you.", Wade hushed, afraid to break the moment, for whatever it was, it was fragile.
After that Wade would probably try for a nap as well. Wade could feel exhaustion kicking in but it wasn't completely awful. It was just a  long, long day but he tried to be optimistic about it. After all Peter didn't want him gone, he got him to take a bath and sleep in his bed and his wounds would be all gone in a few hours. Sure, Peter mistook Wade for his dead friend for a second but that wasn't the worst association to have.
It would've been smarter to not tell Peter about his feelings. It would've been smarter to keep it all on the down low and reject Peter. Sure, he might been heartbroken for a while, he might've even distanced himself from Wade but eventually he would get over it and have the chance to fall in love again. This way he was trapping Peter in an uncertain, shitty, maybe-maybe-not-relationship. Wade was aware that he was being selfish, he still would rather have it this way.
"Why would she do that?", Peter asked and he didn't manage to stop his voice from cracking. He just couldn't comprehend how Gwen could leave with SHIELD. They'd destroy her.
"Okay. I'll call you, if there are any updates.", Pepper agreed before ending the call. Tony only allowed himself a minute of burying his face in his arms before sitting up again.
"I'm not. I'm looking out for a friend. Now get up, Weasel has a job for us. ", She replied, sounding stern yet sympathetic. It was such a juxtaposition to Death's harsh words and even harsher treatment that Wade felt the nearly overwhelming urge to cry. Instead of doing that he just pulled his blanket over his head which was almost just as undignified.
. "Your sarcasm is ice cold when you're like this.", Wade noted and Peter actually smirked at that. There was nothing humorous about it, though. It was just as
"I know, I'll call.", he promised for the donzenth time. And off he was to his very first maybe-date.
That morning he did the same and Peter got up without hesitation, always ready to take orders, taking his plate with him to put it into the dishwasher.
"Describes it pretty well.", Peter nodded but it didn't sound quite right. It's not that he was freaking out or anything but Peter's emotions were... unpredictable to say the least. His mood could flip in a matter of seconds and right now it was balancing on the edge between nonchalance and dissociation-station.
It took him a few seconds to determine, if he should tell Steve but eventually he replied:"He's good and brilliant and he cares even though he doesn't have to and he refuses to give up on me even though he should've by now. I'm... I'm messed up. I could never be like that. I'm too busy breaking apart to build someone else up."
Of course a search was organized between the members of the super-squad, and Wade focused everything he had on finding Peter.
something out. "I have a tracker on me.", he then said, looking up at Wade. "It's the only way I can think of explaining how they found us."
. With a sigh Wade finally caved in. "But don't say I didn't warn you...", he tried to joke before pulling off his mask revealing his face and head that was completely covered in scar tissue.
"Gwen, please-", he wheezed. Breathing was hard. Where had the last bullet hit him? He couldn't remember. Was it an important organ? All organs were important when he didn't have super healing.
"I don't believe you.", his eyes were still closed and he had leaned his head against the window but at least he was conscious.
"I convinced him to take some time off. It's all been taking a huge toll on him.", Steve rushed to his aid, placing on hand on Tony's shoulder and he already felt fractionally calmer.
Peter was on a jet. How he got there exactly he couldn't tell. Just that Tony was flying it, Steve sitting next to him.
Peter fell. He wasn't sure how long he had walked for, or why he wasn't walking anymore. He tried to get back up. He couldn't. Whatever.
"Fuck this!", Wade exclaimed, hauling himself to his feet. "Let's go kill someone, I'm getting stir-crazy up in here!" But before he could even get to his suit his phone started to ring.
Here's the thing, logically he knew that he looked different, healthier if not necessarily happier. He saw photos, he knew that he filled out a little and became less deathly pale. It was still a strange sight. His eyes still looked void, at least to Peter, he couldn't imagine them any other way. But those empty eyes weren't staring at him from some cadaverous looking face anymore. He looked...almost normal, almost okay.
That was one thing they had in common. The other was sleep. Once Kid was mostly healed, he did a 180 and barely slept at all and Bucky didn't force him to. They would both stay awake into the early hours of the morning until one of them dozed off.
"Deary, that's a familyportion for 4 people.", Grace announced with a wide smile, her voice was rough and deep, a smokers voice.
"Peter, I understand that you don't trust us-", Natasha started, already sounding so fucking condescending.
His eyes wandered over the control board of the jet. He hadn't turned down the tracker of the jet. Gwen might've but he really hoped that she didn't. That way Tony and the others could follow them, once they realized that they were gone.
After he had gained some weight and strength Tony agreed that going to the gym might help him get healthier. The great thing that came with having Steve as a step dad, was that the training equipment was designed for someone with super strength, someone like Peter. It helped, it was exhausting but the physical strain pulled him out of his mind and into his body.
Peter couldn't quite believe his ears. He turned the words over in his head again and again, trying to make sense of them."I promise.", Buck y said, his tone genuine and ernest. Peter felt like crying, but he lacked the energy.
It was a male voice, deep, rough, kinda like Wade's. The music was dark and melancholic with heavy lyrics.
A thought crossed Peter's mind that made his smile fade slightly. "Are you... are you disappointed that I'm not more like you?", he asked carefully, not looking at his father.
"I do, thank you.", Peter smiled back at him before taking it from Wade. It was hideous but Wade had picked it out so Peter would wear it.
"Yeah, I called because of the room earlier?", Bucky said. He put on this fake polite tone when talking to strangers, it unnerved Peter from time to time.
"You talk in your sleep.", She stated before straightening up and sitting down at the foot of Peter's bed
Their breakfast was silent. The ride was silent. Everyone was in their own heads, battling their own worries and fears. They took a quinjet to DC and the hours they spend flying felt endless and only seconds long at the same time. It's like he blinked and they were there but he also felt several centuries older. Tony briefly wondered if that's how it felt for Peter when he lost time.
"And why would you do that, if I may ask? Is it out of the goodness of your heart?", Peter asked with a faint smile, almost mocking him.
"So you do remember me?", he smirked but this time Peter didn't. He just watched him, one second, two, three, five, ten.
Peter didn't wait to hear that twice, this time he really made a run for it, leaving Tony and Wade in the kitchen. "Did I mess this up as badly as I think?", Tony asked, still staring at the closed door.
“You sure about that?” a deep voice suddenly rumbled in his ear. Tony froze. What. No, that couldn’t be - it couldn’t be Steve, his Steve -
“Then you should be getting checked over all the more!” He couldn’t help that his voice sounded shrill, even though he was still only whisper-shouting.
Before he can think about it properly he’s scooped the kid up in his arms. The way he clings to him says so much that Steve doesn’t want to think about further. He just wants to make it go away, wants to lift all the sorrow he’s bestowed on the kid’s little shoulders.
“Merry Christmas, Papa,” the kid murmurs against his stomach. Steve feels his throat choke up with the fondness and warmth suddenly flushing his body, a feeling that’s not new to him, has followed him around for five years now whenever their son drops such a bomb on him.
Anyway, it was his boys’ duty to decorate their home and now Steve wasn’t here to help. Of course that got to the kid. Tony swallowed thickly.
Gently, his hand landed on Steve’s left arm. The flinch this caused had definitely been worse than the previous one. Tony frowned, worry rising high in his chest.
In his growing anger Peter only pushed at him harder, started hammering his little fists on Tony’s chest.
The kid nodded after thinking it through for a moment, clearly sensing the diversion, but accepting it nevertheless. He picked Peter up even though he was heavy and Tony wasn’t the youngest anymore, much to his dismay, and closed down the holo-screen in front of them. They would get through Christmas time somehow, even without Steve.
Tony altered between watching his husband and their kid snuggled up between them. Everything was so soft and warm and not for the first time in the last years he thought that he was dreaming. It was all too perfect to be true. A man in his arms that he loved, who loved him, and a child to protect and take care of in a way he’d never thought he’d want, never mind get. Christmas had been a red rag for most of Tony’s life. First spending it without his parents and with the Jarvis’ instead, then all alone when they were all dead, killed, or spent at parties where he could lose himself, be one of many instead of the center of his own attention. Drowned in alcohol and sex most of the time, to forget that he was indeed alone, even in large crowds. But now… The last decade had replaced most of those bad memories and Tony couldn’t think of anything that made him gladder, happier.
