“Anytime, Stevie. Go check on your boys.” Feeling more comfortable and confident, Steve shook off the last of his nerves and opened the door to the surgery waiting room.
Rumlow had a few guys behind him and presumably on his side across from Sam, Steve, Clint and Natasha.
Steve returned a moment later, crossing his arms and squinting at the lump that took his place on the couch. “Peter, I already called dibs, scoot, go sit on the other side of your Dad,” he said waving his hands in emphasis.
Something happened last night with her parents. Her Pop was pretty pissed when he got home from work yesterday and last night she definitely heard shouting and crying coming from the living room.
"Of course we do, baby," he said firmly as Emerson moved to also hug her little brother, noticing her older brother and Pop join in on the group hug.
"Oh! Poppy, we brought flowers to Grampa Bucky!" he said in excitement, moving around to face Steve.
“Alright then, come on kiddo,” he said gently as he turned to walk over and get behind the wheel. She joined him a moment later, considering her options and waiting for them to start driving before voicing it.
Something was wrong. Tony was lying to him and broke up with him and Steve just wanted to know why. No, actually he thinks he knows why. He just wanted to help Tony.
“Ooh chocolate chip pancakes?!?” Tony exclaimed suddenly, peering around the super soldier to confirm his suspicions.
“–I am not dying from minor heart surgery. I’m not even forty yet, for crying out loud! Plus I literally scheduled the greatest surgeon in the world. You’re not inheriting my money just yet, little one,” he said with a smile, glad to see her chuckle at that.
‘Thank you! I painted at school today and I think you’ll be really proud of it Uncle Steve. I worked on contrasting colors like we talked about!”
,” she whimpered out before curling her arms around the pillow to cry the rest of herself out, not caring about anything else at this point but the intense pain consuming her backside and twisting her stomach into knots.
“He knows what he did!” his Dad answered loudly, getting a chuckle out of the other two when they heard a small ‘beep’ in defiance.
She paced around her room, stepping carefully to be able to listen for the front door opening. He could possibly be calling the cops against Bill.
She had woken up from a bad dream, which wasn't as scary as other but still made her feel sick in her stomach. Grabbing Wolf, she walked to her parent's room and gently opened the door. Her Tati was immediately alert but smiled and waved her over when he saw her. She hesitated when she got to his side of the bed, seeing how Clint was snoring and taking up the middle of the bed. But her Tati just gently grabbed her and placed her between the two. Her Daddy made some noises and just barely opened his eyes at the two. Daci held her breath, but quickly released it when the blonde wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a hug.
“Get off me you big oaf!” he groaned as the man sprawled himself over the blanket covered eighteen year old.
When she woke up, she blinked realizing there were voices around her. She felt groggy and sleepy and wondered why the ground was cold beneath her.
to his husband while Peter grabbed a chair to stand on. The blonde nodded in response, putting a smile on his face as he turned his attention back to Peter.
“I want you to fuck me tonight,” Bucky said quietly, just as the limo pulled to a stop outside the hotel.
“Oh, dirty talk, Steven? At least wait until Jo leaves so the three of us can establish a safe-word,” he retorted.
She poked her head a little out of her Papa’s shoulder, smiling at seeing the entire Avengers in front of her. They had all come looking for her. And they had found her. Her eyes started to drift close as she turned to bury her face in her Papa’s neck, inhaling his smell that reminded her of safety, reminded her of home.
“I love you too, Joey,” he said before quickly enveloping her in a hug. She chuckled when he squeezed her tighter, feeling his kiss her temple before releasing her.
Morgan toddled over to him before bending over to turn herself upside down, giggling in his face as he couldn’t help chuckling in return.
“Old age finally settling in Rogers?” Nat asked with a smirk, holding Bruce’s hand and daring anyone to comment on it.
When Steve got home from his visit with Tony’s family, he was feeling great. It went way better than expected, even if Howard had given him a bit of a shovel talk. But so had Harley, so Steve wasn’t all that intimidated by it.
“You don’t know that,” she countered with a smile in her voice. He laughed loudly, turning to smile at Tony who had laughed as well – tears in his eyes like the other two.
“And I’m Irish,” Steve quipped back. Tony rolled his eyes fondly at the troublemaker. “You think it’s just a coincidence you came to both my games and I happened to win both of them?”
Back when she lived in Wakanda with her wife, he was the second person she’d go to when she was struggling with something. He had proven to her time and time again to be an unbiased confidant.
“You did good little one, we’re all done now,” he said with a smile in his voice. She curled up further into his embrace and smiled when she heard him chuckle at that. He wrapped both arms around her again in a bear hug and resumed kissing the top of her head.
“Why must your instructors insist on using trivial things that will not be implemented in your adult life?” he asked, exasperated. She chuckled at his frustration, momentarily wondering the same thing.
It didn’t help when Stone was saying shit about Steve behind his back and to Harley’s face. Or when he flaked on the pup and Steve and Tony had to pick up the pieces.
“Clint, tell Stevie he needs to get laid or at the very least - make new friends,” his unhelpful brother pleaded to his boyfriend. They met Clint in kindergarten, not long after Steve’s Pop married Bucky’s Mom. The scruffy little Omega followed Buck around like a lost puppy looking for scraps. Which Bucky didn’t notice until some kids were teasing Clint for his hearing aids.
“You pwomise, Steeb?” he asked. Steve took the opportunity to run his hands through the thick brown locks, smiling as the boy seemed calmer after doing so.
“Can we go?” he heard her ask quietly, he could feel her shaking as she inched closer to him, hands still clenched in his shirt.
“What happens if you have a seizure in the wrong place, kiddo?” he asked calmly, but with a hint of ire in his voice.
At one point Bucky looked up at the bleachers as he came up to bat, smiling and waving at Steve before making a kissy face at Clint.
“I’m pregnant,” Tony said, unable to fight the tears in his eyes. He was dreading this and how they would react. What if they abandoned him like Ty had done?
“Oh shit,” he heard Joey suddenly whisper. He looked at her in confusion as she lied with “sorry, I just thought of something, but it’s nothing,” before quickly looking away from him.
“Sure this is a fun game,” Clint said before he pretended to eat Morgan’s fingers, getting a giggle from both girls. She watched with a smile as Clint tickled the baby further, getting more laughs out of Morgan.
When Miles had first brought up the prospect to recreate the spider, Harry was thrilled. Voiced his opinion on missing Spiderman and rallied behind the scientific experiment.
“Uh huh…and is that the only reason you stopped by?” Steve asked with a coy smile, hand still holding the door mostly closed.
Steve shook his head no, realizing he hadn’t answered his question as he continued staring at what was in his lap.
“Aren’t you the...shut up,” the archer said with a pout and shifted on the couch to scoot away from the two, wincing when his ankle shifted as well.
“Just talking to Barton about track stuff, I should get back to Ashley,” Rumlow slurred again as he stumbled past him, not looking back as he headed downstairs. Bucky took a breath before stepping inside the room and closing the door behind him.
“Love does that, Stevie. But it doesn't mean you and I can't hang out anymore. Hell, we can play video games this weekend if you want. Or have a double-date and ditch our fellas? Well maybe not that, I have a feeling they would plot a revenge we'd both regret... Now cut yourself some slack, go find your boyfriend and get out of here. I love you, but right now I’m still running on the adrenaline of winning. So if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go screw my boyfriend’s brains out.” Steve groaned in annoyance as his best friend walked off, though warmth filled his chest at his words.
“It’s…been challenging,” he said honestly, crossing his arms over his chest, looking away from his Pop as he thought over the last week with his foster son. “He won’t let me anywhere near him, barely let’s Wade close enough to comfort him from his nightly screaming terrors, which we've had to pad his room to keep the twins from hearing it. He keeps looking at me like I’m going to hit him or...worse…” he trailed off as he let his Pop pull him in for another hug.
He thought about his oldest friend for a while along his run, until he could smell a nearby bakery and decided to grab some treats for breakfast. After tipping heavily and taking a picture with the cashier, he walked the rest of the way home, bags in hand.
“I’m good, Joe,” the shorter brunette said earnestly, easily accepting the hug the older man pulled him into.
“If he gets me an iced coffee instead of a hot latte again I am breaking the truce we have on pranks,” she said stubbornly after a dramatic sigh.
“DAD! Get this thousand-pound dinosaur off me!” Tony didn’t say anything, eyes still focused on his tablet but now sporting a grin on his face, knowing what was about to happen. Steve let out a “that’s it” before flipping over to further trap the teenager beneath him, hands digging into his sides as he tickled Peter who could only wriggle and laugh between breaths.
“That’s my girl! Yay Jo!” he said, peppering her face with kisses as she squealed in delight. Steve remained sitting, laughing as his brother twirled the two around.
Peter was giddy the rest of the evening, even more so when Wade kissed him goodnight. The butterflies in his stomach continued fluttering as he made his way to his bedroom, glad everyone was asleep.
She was led into a small room, only noticing there was already an occupant when Hill the Traitor closed the door behind her.
“Stone stopped by, asking to speak to Tony in private. Turns out he was only back to try and merge companies, since he went bankrupt flaunting around Europe and has no idea how to run his dead father’s company.”
“-it’s because of that Danvers girl, isn’t it? Your best friend has been in trouble and you’ve too busy with your tongue down that blonde’s throat to notice!”
“That could have gone a lot worse,” the brunette said as he reached out to rest his hand on his husband’s knee. The blonde smiled back at Tony, nodding in agreement with eyes that said the opposite.
And he definitely felt like he was doing better when they had several good days in a row. They were back to pranks and teasing and stolen kisses. But he should have known himself better than that.
“You’re okay?” he asked, pulling his head up to look at the men. Tony found himself easily carding his fingers through the boy’s brown curls, smiling and nodding back at his son.
"It's a Simba!" she cried out in excitement as she showed everyone the toy. "Peter did you know I used to have one of these?"
“It was never that I didn’t want you…it was that I never felt good enough to have you.” Her head shot up at that, eyes equally watery as she looked at him in confusion.
“Edwin,” Mrs. Rhodes said as she walked by them to move to the living room, baby in her arms and the other two girls following her.
"Love you guys," she said making eye contact at the two who smiled back. Her dads moved to cuddle closer together as she stood up to join her brothers, smiling at the ridiculous pair.
each other. Grow together. The sex was more of a reward system –” Steve stopped as he laughed aloud at his son’s overdramatic groans. Especially since Tony was the one to be crude – only adding to the super soldier’s hilarity. Steve stood up a moment later, still laughing. He grabbed his son’s hoodie he had changed into and pulled him into a hug.
“Don’t thank me yet, Rogers. If your boyfriend gets anywhere near me I might reconsider my recommendation,” he said with a straight face. Steve’s smile dropped, thinking he was probably being serious. “Right now though, I need you to go find your partner and make sure he’s okay to finish his shift. Send him to me if he isn’t and we’ll find you a replacement partner for the day. Dismissed.”
“So what do you think, Petey? Should we make Daddy cookies or brownies?” Peter looked like he was thinking it over before jumping up and down excitedly.
“Peter, what did I tell you about hopping on Pop?” the sleepy blonde asked. Tony fumbled around for another pillow as he covered his ears, ignoring their son waking them up so damn early –
Later they sat together in the living room, Tony curled up in front of Steve while Joey sat as far away from them on the couch as possible. She seemed more relaxed after the pain meds set in, grabbing a blanket to curl around herself as she waited for them to start the conversation.
“I don’t doubt you’re good at your job and enjoy it, but it’s obviously not what you want to be doing – right?” the brunette asked as he ordered himself another cup.
“I...I mean...you can call me whatever you want, Daci.” She had considered what her cousins called their parents, and settled on the one that sounded better to her.
Peter tried a different tactic, since his father was of no help and admitting defeat was obviously out of the picture. “Emerson! Help a…brotha OUT.” Em looked at the two, smiling, before giving her answer.
“I…you…why aren’t you freAKING OUT?!” she screamed – her mind hadn’t stopped racing since she spoke with the zombie.
“Oh that they hear,” Sam muttered, just as the two turned back to each other. “Wait are we still going out?” he said a little louder, getting a chuckle from Steve as his brother and his mate started kissing each other.
“Oh no, Ms. Potts, this is decaf,” he said as he handed Tony the drink. The genius just stared back at the man, shock on his face as the new hire simply set the drink down in front of him.
“Hey we should get going if we’re going to host game night tonight,” Steve said a little louder than necessary, offering the Omega a pointed look. They had plans later with Bucky, Clint, Sam and Natasha - for the exact purpose of getting their opinion on Ty and offering emotional support.
She glared at him with a smile as he started the car and turned to back up. He only offered a shrug.
“Make it fast, Tony, I’ve got a few contractors I need to call back,” his father said before sitting at the head of the table.
“Sorry sweetie, let me know if you change your mind,” he said, holding back from actually laughing aloud as he moved to exit her room.
Peter also declined, apparently busy with errands today, as the father joined his two youngest in the elevator to return home.
“Don’t listen to him, Harley,” Tony said with a more sympathetic tone. “He wasn’t there either and doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Now, I believe there was earlier talk of ice cream? If you two behaved of course.”
“Spoiled implies I always get my way, and I don’t always get my way. Just…most of the time. And no I didn’t always want to run a fortune 500 company, numerous charities, or serve on the board of several non-profits. I did however dream of making robots, which is partly what I do in R&D. Also advanced weaponry for the military which is how my father started the company…I’m sorry am I boring you? Cause I’m boring myself just saying that.” Steve laughed easily with him, finding it easier to answer his original question.
Tony let out a snort of laughter, knowing Ruth better than the two. Steve smiled fondly at the man’s reaction and his kid’s sudden glare.
“Daci! Have you met Hulk yet? Hulk, this is Daci, she’s Uncle Bucky’s daughter!” Peter cried in excitement, running over to Daci and grabbing her hand before bringing her back to the Hulk. She was so momentarily shocked from being in the presence of a giant she didn’t care that Peter had grabbed her hand.
“Wanna sit on my shoulders?” he asked. Without hesitation, she lifted her arms up, having seen other kids around them on other adult’s shoulders. Clint lifted up and settled her on his shoulders, wrapping his hands around her shins as she rested her hands on his head. Now she was tall enough to look at the monkeys.
“Uh, the second one,” he scoffed, as if it was obvious before joining his mom in laughing and following her to the kitchen.
“She told the police they used strobe lights to trigger a seizure, then staged it to look like you got drunk to post a picture online. Your Dad’s ex is behind all of this, love. Tony’s on the phone with Pepper sorting it all out and Hill is clearing you of charges as we speak.” She repeated those words in her head and let the information soak in – and though what happened to her was criminal…an overwhelming sense of happiness and relief spread through her.
“HEY!” he shouted as a hand suddenly gripped his bicep. He turned to see Steve standing next to him, no longer holding Joey. When he heard footsteps in front of him, his attention turned back to focus on who deserves a fist to the face.
“Steve?” Tony said, unable to stop the tears pouring down his cheeks. Still disbelief in his heart even though he felt reassurance through the bond.
“I like that name!” she said as she turned to the toddler and baby sitting with Tony. “What about Harley and Morgan? What are their middle names?”
“I think he needs more babies on him,” Bucky said with a smirk, gently lowering the six month old blonde boy to sit on Tony’s chest. Wanda gently hugged the baby boy who was babbling away while Tony glared at his husband’s best friend.
“But the most important reason is that I love you, Clint. I know we're young but...I don’t want any doubt in anyone’s mind that you belong to me. And I to you. We could go down to city hall right now to make it official, but I don’t want you to think for a second you’re not the one for me. The one I’ll always come home to.” Clint’s entire being filled with warmth, never having felt this truly loved or happy in his life.
“You know what, Pete’s right,” Tony said after a beat. “What about just dinner with the Avengers? We’ll make Sam cook and everything.”
And who fucking cares if it did? Tony thought to himself, pouring himself a drink. He felt his phone vibrate, not looking but knowing it was Steve calling him. Fucker can get his own ride home, he thought bitterly.
“Touché,” he said, ruffling her hair to annoy her and laughing when he got the desired results. She quickly unbuckled to exit the vehicle, racing him up the steps with her bottle rattling in her hands. He took a minute outside the steps, glancing up at the clouds and thinking of his big brother.
The rest of the day had been fun, he couldn't deny that. They met W'Kabi and even got to ride his rhinos, swam in the beautiful and clear waterfalls and were finishing their day by shopping in the city.
Sam clapped him on the shoulder before continuing, “look man, you two are great dads. Just…give her some space to figure out what she needs. She’s a good kid, have a little faith.”
“I told you before,” Steve teased as he gave a quick peck to the man’s perfect lips, “you can’t lie to me.” Tony released his grip but kept his glare as Steve went to open the door.
The toddler climbed up on the couch next to Steve as the man pulled the toddler onto his lap, smiling when an exhausted Jo came over to sit next to them.
Little miss liar pants was silent in the principal's office, the drive home, the elevator ride up all the way to sitting together in the living room. Granted, Steve was lecturing her most of that time. Emerson finally spoke up when his husband eventually paused in breath.
“Pease?” she asked with a small smile. Steve couldn’t help smiling back at her for that. She was still a cutie, despite her many faults.
“Yes, obviously,” he replied quickly, grabbing Tony’s arm to essentially drag him the three floors to their destination.
"Thank you for bringing our son a present, it's just not appropriate here for someone his age," Steve explained as he turned his attention to his quiet son. He rubbed the boy's shoulders in comfort, glad to see him smile when he realized he wasn't in trouble.
But then a familiar voice pushes the others back, a gentle hand grasping Joey’s as she made out Officer Hill kneeling in front of her. The woman tenderly grabbed the teen’s wrists and placed them above her head, calmly talking Joey through what she voiced as a ‘panic attack.’
“Okay so do we just google Edwin Jarvis in England?” Rhodey asked as he pulled his phone out, causing a light bulb to go off in the blonde’s mind.
“Oh my god, shit I-” Tony said before he was interrupted, wondering if maybe he had been twisting it in his head.
between Peter and Steve, one eyebrow raised the whole time. Steve, ever the concerned parent, asked “is everything okay Emerson?”
Sam shook his head before he responded, “uh uh, this isn’t you get into my head time. This is me ninja mind tricking you into losing.”
“So,” his Dad began as Peter turned around to face him, “you wanna talk about the fight you had with your husband?”
“-you said you had second thoughts about being married, having kids, being an Avenger - all of that!” Steve just looked at him with a quirked brow.
“HEy! Hey. Hey. Don’t make me call, securritee!” Emerson was not sure how she had any liquids left in her body, any more of this crying – whether from sadness or laughter – was going to give her a headache. She suddenly felt sleepy. Content. So so glad in this moment that those dorks were in her life. On her side. And most importantly, alive. She grabbed the phone as she went to fill up her glass of water on her bedside, interrupting the two children quoting the video back and forth after drinking a little.
He knows he could do it and love this boy unconditionally, but he wouldn't go through with it without Tony.
"Clint is definitely okay with that," Clint said with a smile wrapping both arms around Daci and giving Bucky a soft smile.
, right? And we’ll get through it together; like we have with all the bullshit that’s been thrown our way lately.” Tony laughed in agreement, unable to really conjure any other real emotion. Although…right now, he was just happy to be here with Steve.
Opening the door quietly, he couldn’t help but smile at seeing his slumbering husband already in bed. Normally Tony would’ve been in his lab, or reading something on his tablet but the Doombot fight plus putting Petey to bed must’ve knocked him out. He was even on the far side of the bed, facing the wall and not hogging the covers or snuggled up in the middle.
“I thought you boys were bringing fish home for dinner?” Tony asked as he heard his boyfriend huff from behind him.
Tony squawked out a laugh when Steve reached around to squeeze his cheeks, the two immediately parting when they heard their son loudly approach them.
That stopped Steve in his tracks, his hand hovering above the doorknob to his and Tony’s bedroom. He couldn’t describe the kind of warmth and love he felt for that child, who six months ago was hesitant to be in the same room as the two men, let alone allow them to provide any comfort.
"I'm sorry!" Miles exclaimed, catching the other three off guard. "You're a good guy Wade! And so is Deadpool! I didn't mean to call you bad." Peter could see Wade's eyes glistening as he reassured the sad kid.
The two kids turned to each other - broad smiles on their faces at the implication. That would only mean one thing - pizza for dinner!
“No, it’s okay I can show you,” Daci said as she shifted on the couch to face him with her legs crossed. She took a breath before gently placing a hand on his knee, remembering her training as she gently moved her hand up his leg and looking up at his reaction - not sure what to expect -
On the elevator ride up, she finally said “I’m sorry Tati, I saw a man trying to take Peter and I...I didn’t think.”
He tried not to think about all that, because he was definitely partly to blame for this. But as he would stubbornly say till the day he dies – he wouldn’t let anything stop him from saving someone he loved. So…grounded or not – he would find a way to help. And maybe override Jarvis to get his suit back. And is now obviously double and maybe tripled grounded. So much for turning eighteen in a few hours…
“This is not about you and your obsession with clogging your arteries, Tony! If she just wants pancakes then I’ll make her pancakes,” the blonde said with his arms crossed and throwing a glare at his husband. Joey wiped her tears away as she laughed a little at them, grateful for the distraction.
Of course…the more time passed…the more Steve’s mind started thinking of the medical effects of her actions. He found himself looking down and adjusting the loose ring on his finger, hiding the tattoo of ‘
“Josephine,” he said quietly, genuinely doing his best to hide the anger in his voice. She lowered her shirt in fear, reminding Steve he had promised
"He's right actually, her magic is nothing compared to my OG skills," Pat said as the two hair dressers teasingly back talked each other. Steve snapped a few more pictures of his kids, wondering how his husband would react to the changes as he sent them to Pete.
“Yes Tony, he is currently eating ice cream sandwiches with my Pappy. After he just defeated me at boxing. Heads up, he is now the world champion and will probably be throwing that in my face for the foreseeable future.” Steve practically melted at his mate’s laugh, loving that he could feel the ease settling in the bond between them.
“What are you doing here?” he asked as Susan suddenly appeared by her husband’s side, looking just as angry as Trevor.
“Sure, squirt,” he said, feeling as exhausted as Bucky as he carefully pulled her up and out of her chair and took her into the bathroom. He made sure the water was warm enough before adding the bubbles, helping Jo take off her diaper then plop down in the tub.
He found himself chuckling fondly when Steve turned around to offer her a piggyback ride in reward for her behavior, the family ignoring the shouts as their friends helped them finally exit the hospital.
So she went back to bed, spending too much time worrying if one of them was secretly dying before finally falling asleep.
He couldn’t put it off any longer. He was thankful for the many excuses that prolonged this from happening, but his parents were about to meet his boyfriend, Wade. After their fight over the accords, he was thankful his dads were looking like his dads again. However he was not ready for the upcoming onslaught from his family nor how utterly embarrassing the planned lunch would be.
did!” Tony called to the ceiling, confusing the blonde further. But then something poked up above a desk in the corner, and Steve found his curiosity growing.
He stood up and stepped a few feet away to give them privacy, leaning against a wall and attempting to not let the wave of various emotions drown him. Footsteps approached from his left, which he believed to be a doctor until a familiar voice interrupted his thoughts.
“Yeah, she was…” Joey trailed off awkwardly, remembering the conversation she had literally minutes ago.
- to the present, where she slowly recognized the open window in front of her, the decorated walls of her bedroom around her and a heavy breathing super soldier behind her. Her Pop slowly brought her back into his embrace, his solid body and warm hug helping ground her in this moment. She used his chest to mimic his slow and calming breathing as she prepared to reassure her father. He used one hand to reach in front of her to close the window, the other arm still clutching her around her stomach. She couldn't help but laugh a little as she had to bend a little awkwardly for him to do so. She took a deep breath before she turned around to talk.
He smacked her twice before speaking again, “what? No hello to your dear old dad? Oh that’s right, I hear you’ve got two daddies these days, huh? Two faggot superheroes? Really Ash? You can do better than that.”
“Wait...you’re serious?” Nat asked, coming over to lean over the couch near Sam while nursing her beer.
He put down a wild card as slowly as possible, glaring at her the painfully slow way down. She smiled at him as she tried to glare back; too entertained by his antics to have any real anger behind it.
"It's ten thirty am, sir." He sat up after another moment, refreshed from the most sleep he's gotten since Steve left.
,” over and over again. The sight broke the father’s heart more, aching with pain at his son’s loss. How his piercing cries hadn’t tapered, barely muffled by Tony’s shirt.
“Why don’t you come hang out in my room?” he suggested with a smile, she looked up at him with hope before the nagging voice reminded her.
“You’re killing me here, Brucie-bear! What are you talking about?” the Omega asked as he threw his hands up dramatically.
“Did she just out parent us?” the brunette asked his husband in confirmation, who only smiled and nodded in agreement.
Tony had told him how Harley craved physical comfort when he was sick, but Steve knew the boy wouldn’t want that from Steve.
He just gently shushed her in response, rocking the two back and forth until her tears eventually subsided.
“I was thinking of…I don’t know…going to school for business and maybe…one day…running Stark Industries?” her voice raised as if it was a question, looking weary at the two fathers. Their Dad dropped his fork and sat back to look at her. He quickly got up from his seat to wrap her in a hug.
It was only about seven minutes in all before he heard Fury calling his name, though it felt like an hour. He half-wondered why he hadn’t come across Rumlow as he made his way to Fury’s office. He closed the door behind him as he moved to sit down, doing his best not to clench the armrests.
“Absolutely. We’ll go after lunch! Mind helping me take these sandwiches to the table?” Steve began grabbing plates and bowls of fruit as Daci hopped down off the counter.
Tony watched as the two began to stalk away, grinning when he heard Sarah shout the icing on the cake.
,” he whispered to the man, rolling his eyes at the blonde’s beaming smile and handing him the bag of ice. “I’ll go talk to my kid then shower whatever remaining smell she put on me before I apologize to Clint.”
He closed his eyes as he made himself take a few breaths, willing himself to calm down enough to go work out his anger.
. I love you so much,” he said sincerely as he wrapped himself around the love of his life. He hugged him fiercely before letting him go enough to kiss him again in gratitude.
She was thirteen when she got her first period. Months after she lost her father and was still getting accustomed to life without him. Living with her uncle wasn’t that big of a change, as he had practically been her second parent her whole life. But he hadn’t had to be her sole guardian and therefore hadn’t planned on teaching her how to handle blood in her underwear.
They decided to meet the Starks first, get the less accepting parents out of the way. Also meeting asap before Tony’s scent changes.
Unfortunately, due to the pounding of blood in his ears and his lack of vision from screwing his eyes shut, he didn’t notice the super soldier slowly coming in behind him. He nearly pissed himself when the soft, “Tony” was said with a familiar Brooklyn accent.
“Hey Tony, hey Harley, good to see you guys again. Welcome to the nuthouse,” Bucky said with a grin, one arm wrapped around his mate.
“No I...I feel it too. This just feels, weirdly right,” Tony said quietly, his turn to blush as he felt the gentle hands of the blonde turn his face towards him.
“Hey Jo,” the brunette said gently as she whipped around to face him – apparently too blazed to even notice they’d walked up to her.
“– what were you thinking, squirt?” Tony asked as he went to get a second cup of coffee. He was blocked by his husband, who handed him a glass of water – eyes challenging his to debate him.
“I’ve been okay,” he didn’t technically lie, “being in all the extra clubs and stuff helps distract me.”
“Seven years?” Bucky choked out with a growl, eyes on Clint though he could see his daughter put herself in front of the blonde defensively. If he was in his right mind, he would’ve congratulated her, but right now his head hurt from the influx of information he had registered in the last few minutes.
Joey laughed aloud at that, warmth filling her chest at how this was going. She looked at May a moment longer, who was keeping her gaze as if to squash any doubts the teen might have of her offer.
“I didn’t realize….I was so caught up in the thought of losing you after losing my Dad when…you could’ve lost
Kids are curious by nature, and it’s actually really common for kids their age to want to find out more about their bodies. What makes it hilarious, is that Bucky was not aware of this and had absolutely no idea how to handle the situation.
“Doesn’t this expensive ass school have some kind of no-bullying policy?” she asked angrily at the middle aged man.
“You knew this was coming, kiddo. We did not let you move back home just to throw yourself a pity party.”
“Relax, lad, I did nothin of the sort,” the older Alpha said with a smirk. “Alright you two, I want a clean fight. Three two one,” Pappy said before ringing the bell. Steve put his fists up as Harley began circling him, the pup trying and failing to keep a straight face. It got Steve to break a smile as well, bringing his arms down a little before a punch to his stomach had the Alpha flat on his back.
“Ma!” the full grown teen yelped, hands moving to cover his face in embarrassment. Tony just laughed, feeling such a sense of warmth from those two.
You know…based on the current state he was in; which was still mouth gaping like a large mouth bass.
life?” Joey asked with a small glare. Her dad had never really talked about her mom’s family. She thinks she remembers him even saying they had died…
“Absolutely. I am and always will be your Papa, my sweet baby bear,” Steve choked out, squeezing the boy until he giggled in protest. “Alright, let’s get you back inside. Your Daddy was worried about you.”
," his husband whispered back. Steve stopped him from any further PDA when he heard their daughter groan in complaint.
“Yup. Morgan’s too young for bath salts and bath bombs, but you should see one of my baths one of these days,” Tony said with wiggly eyebrows. “I can make it look like a rainbow.” Daci stared at him for a second before a smile broke across her face.
"So, what kinda party are we throwing for the big one eight?" he asked as Emerson groaned and covered her eyes with her hands. The blonde threw the brunette a wink, able to feign innocence despite his super hearing.
"Mhmm," Steve responded as he grabbed the blankets to further curl into a comfortable sleep by his husband's side.
“I’m not…I’m not supposed to…” she started, unable to think of anything except how hot Cara looked making rings with the smoke. The brown eyed babe didn’t pressure her anymore, smiling as she sat next to her and smoke the bowl herself.
“I think I was seven,” Steve said, not fond of this memory. “I was watching TV and Speed was on. I…got excited about Keanu and my body showed…” When she giggled, he reached back to grab a pillow and gently smack her with it.
make you,” he said gently, glad to see her finally sit up more little at that. She waited until Tony came back to move around in her chair to make it easier for Steve to access her injury.
Steve pulled his hand away to place both on the side of his love’s face, bringing him in to kiss in gratitude.
“Seriously, James?” she hissed at him as they finally made it to the door. The three peered inside seeing that a doctor was reading some results to Jo. Tony quickly brushed past his friends and entered the room, walking over to stand by his husband.
There it is! Hope you all enjoyed it! Notice that this is a series - as in there's more to this story to come. I have a sequel mostly finished but from Bucky and Clint's POV set a few years later. I also made it a series to add one shots and future sequels. Zero research was done for this - so any historical/medical/canonical inaccuracies are just my own fault. Love you guys xoxo
They were out there for over an hour, enjoying each other’s silent company as they stretched and listened to the city sounds below.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Natasha said as she took another sip of her beer, not hiding the smile on her face. “But I’ll make you a deal. I’ll keep an eye on Rogers if you keep an eye out for Clint. He...tends to drinks too much at these things.” Buck raised a brow at that before doing a sweep of the room, noticing Barton wasn’t with them. He turned back and just nodded in agreement when she didn’t add anything else.
Tony leaned over to stage whisper to Emerson, “he thinks it’s punishment, but really he is just as miserable not getting to touch this.” He finished by gesturing to the rest of his body, which was currently in a cozy bunny pajama onesie.
“And what do you think will happen when Norman looks at the security footage? Or Harry tells him? Have you thought about that?”
“I’m not mad, Emerson. I promise. I am furious that the bullying situation escalated to the point that you felt the need to take on two full grown males, but not at
Later, after some afternoon delight, they went to tell Jo she’d need to watch her little brother this evening.
“Bye jerk!” his awful best friend yelled back, getting a smile and an eye roll from the brunette as he shut the door and put down the giggly toddler.
dramatic than your father, but somehow you manage just fine,” her heartless blonde father said as she heard her other dad join them in the kitchen. “Tony, would you please tell your daughter to stop being so dramatic? She’s been moping around here for almost a week.” With that, Em shot her head up to glare at the heartless bastard before turning to pout at her more sympathetic parent.
“Love you, Pop.” She said without hesitation. Still wasn’t entirely sure how she deserved this kind of unconditional love.
He thought about that possibility as he climbed into his bed later, smiling to himself as he slept peacefully that evening.
She stole a glance at him, checking to see if that was enough. He nodded toward the bottle as she reluctantly finished downing the entire drink and placed it on her side table. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, turning to him with her head downcast.
He’d only been in love once with his high school sweetheart, Peggy, who died two weeks before graduation in a horrific car accident. It’s what made him decide to enlist instead of going into the art school he had gotten into. He regretted it later when his brother enlisted with him and broke both their parents’ and their little sister’s hearts.
The reasoning would have to do for now, as she turned sharply on her heels to head to her next class.
“Yup,” she quickly said. “I’m going to go lie down in my room while I’m cramping and will eat later,
“Okay,” Tony said as he felt sleepiness seep into him. Snuggling a little closer to his pup, arms wrapped tight around his first born, he allowed himself to drift off to sleep.
He had a furrowed brow of concern, asking her silently if she was okay. She reached a hand out to squeeze his wrist twice, smiling back at him without saying a word. He seemed content with that, smiling at her before immediately letting out a groan when Morgan took that opportunity to climb into his lap.
Tony and Steve were having a shouting match in the living room with none of their children within eyesight, and they turned their anger towards her and her father when they saw them.
He held her phone the fuckers had purposefully left on the sidewalk, dumb enough to take my sister but smart enough to make it hard to trace her. He could hear Wade talking on the phone to his father, but the noises were muddled together with the nearby traffic and the sound of the blood pounding in his ears. He jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder, looking up at a winded Happy who was waiting for them a few blocks away.
Steve sat up a little at that, pointing at his husband. “Hey, we agreed. Not on any furniture the kids sit on, right?”
"I can, actually," Tony said with a smug smile, keeping still even as the Alpha slowly began to approach him. The Omega recognized the Alpha's tired moves, the way he thought he was intimidating even when he had nothing to back it up. That, and the feeling of warmth in his bond gave Tony the confidence to stand his ground.
“Tony,” she said ever so sweetly. “Good to see you again. You look handsome as ever.” Tony stood frozen for a second before putting on his best press smile. He pushed down all of his feelings of betrayal and hurt caused by the girl over four years ago, the girl he dated after Tiberius who cheated on him and broke his heart in the process. It didn't help that she had also been physically abusive with him.
“Thanks for the coffee, and the company, but honestly my life is just a little complicated right now…”
All of the Avengers piled onto the quintjet, even both Steve and Stark who contacted Miss Potts to watch their kids. Bucky couldn’t stop pacing, frustrated with himself for allowing her to brainwash him. And that this was all his fault. And what he would do to Strucker when he saw him. He ignored both Steve and Thor’s attempts to soothe him in favor of focusing on how it will feel to strangle Strucker with his non-metal hand.
He noticed the Omega kept checking his phone but was raised better than to peep at the screen, so he resigned himself to just staring at his handsome face, drunk enough not to care about being caught. If his brother was sober, he’d be teasing the crap out of him. Luckily the other Alpha was too busy swooning over his mate to do anything.
“That wasn’t your fault and…I can’t imagine the kind of guilt you’ve been carrying around all these years. You were only six years old; cognitively speaking your mind didn’t know better…you did what you thought was right.” Emerson closed her eyes tightly, not wanting to hear what else her therapist might add. Like she could convince her she was anything but a monster.
Emerson insisted on not wearing a dress, feeling like they had all already seen her in her pajamas at one point in time, and opted for some casual wear. The Avengers slowly began trickling in, greeting the newest addition with a small gift and warm hug. Her Pop thankfully took the presents to set aside, ushering everyone to sit in the big dining room. She was even able to finally meet King T’Challa (aka THE GODDAMN BLACK PANTHER, she’s a fan…to say the least) who had brought his sister along. Emerson couldn’t help but stare a little at Shuri throughout the evening, she was really pretty and really funny (especially when it was at Peter’s expense)
After they bid goodbye to Xavier and goodnight to Joey, Steve dragged Tony to their bedroom to reward his husband for talking to him about ‘Voldemort’ – as Tony adequately named him. The brunette had an idea to get rid of him that would mean speaking to Stone’s father, Obadiah.
“God dammit just as my company is taking off...Fine, we will need to pull him from school, hire him a tutor…” Howard started talking, laying out the next steps in Tony’s life as the teen spaced off. There was a ringing in his ears as he stared at a spot on the floor - disbelief and fear coursing through his body.
Steve was caught off guard when she suddenly turned to Steve to ask, “and did you like that Steve? When he called you Papa?” Steve’s confusion intensified when Peter’s eyes screwed close, a small smile forming around his lips as he said, “you’re such a dork.” Emerson’s gaze never left Steve’s, waiting for an answer.
“You’re a fucking coward,” she said, staring the devil in the eyes. “And if you’re stupid enough to think they’ll fall for your bull shit, then you’re a fucking stupid coward –” He smacked her hard enough this time that the momentum caused her and the chair to tumble sidways, her head smacking the concrete on impact. The men laughed as she laid there, praying for a miracle, finding a small one when she noticed the ropes around her hands were looser. The chair was wooden and old and had broken somewhat with the weight of her fall. As the four men, she was finally able to see, made their way to the door she was able to get her hands free. She tested her feet, glad to see they also had wiggle room. As she heard the men laugh, probably at her expense, she freed her feet and grabbed a sharp piece of wood that had broken off and landed beside her. She heard the other three leave without closing the door and knew the monster remained, feet pounding as he made his way back to her. When he bent down to grab her by her hair, she thrust the makeshift weapon into his fat stomach, glad to hear him roar in return. He took a few steps back, clutching his gut as blood poured from the wound. She got herself up, holding the bloody piece of broken wood in defense, waiting for the men to come barging back into the room.
“Alright Morgan my love are you ready to get out of the bath? Papa will read you a story,” Steve finished in his own sing-song voice, which got the baby to stand up immediately, bubbles sliding down her naked body as Daci couldn’t help but laugh again.
“I just wanted to support you,” Steve said, cheeks and ears tinged pink as the blonde shrugged. “I got dressed and came here, and I was actually late. I wasn’t going to come in, convinced you could handle it when I saw you were outflanked. And yeah...maybe I went into bodyguard mode when I saw her playing footsie with you…” Steve playfully growled as Tony squinted back at him.
As he approached the table Obie stood up to greet him, which was also when the owner of the pink jacket made her way into view.
“He almost died, Uncle Clint,” Emerson said with fake hurt, her smile breaking her character. “Besides, you owe me twenty for losing the bet. Dad woke up on Pete’s birthday.”
The Captain came out of his office when he heard the commotion in the common area, smiling at seeing his husband and daughter surprise him.
"Hey! Quit scarring your family and come eat!" Clint called, interrupting the two who broke apart and saw just about everyone staring at them.
She woke up groggy early one morning, feeling some kind of pain coming from her left hand. She slowly brought it up to her face to inspect it, immediately panicking when she saw blood trickling down on her. She sat up, reaching her other hand for her glasses as she tried to register what the actual fuck was happening.
"Congrats Emerson!" the boy shouted as he nearly tackled his sister in happiness. She couldn't get a word in to thank him as she was smothered from both sides by her parents who also offered their congratulations.
“Don’t apologize, I thought it was sweet,” James said, causing Clint to look up at him in betrayal. But the man was unfazed by his glare, just leaning down to kiss the blonde on his nose. “It’s called a shovel talk, babe. I already got one from Nat, remember?”
“Shit,” he said aloud, grabbing a towel to clean up as he heard the elevators ding. He tried to remain calm, waiting for Joey to join him in the kitchen while he finished making Tony’s drink. When he heard her go straight to her bedroom, he began to worry again.
“Bingo!” Pete said in triumph, ever thankful for his Pop. “And I don’t think there’s anything wrong with nannies, but
“Soon, I promise,” she said kindly. “We’ll give him a little more time to come back from the anesthesia and then we’ll send you guys back.”
Her words were on repeat in the super soldier’s head. He had hoped running would clear his mind, but it only made the thoughts worse. He was mostly to blame, knowing he was pushing her to talk about her mother. He was just trying to help, remembering how Tony felt guilty for his past and how they had worked through it together.
"She must be below us," his husband quietly as he searched around for any signs of life. "There are underground tunnels they use to transport vibranium," he said as Steve made eye contact with him. "The tracer wouldn't have shown up otherwise, right?" The super soldier smiled as he nodded at his husband, both momentarily shaking off assuming the worst.
sorry baby," he said a little over dramatically as he hugged the giggly boy on his lap. "What did you guys do when I was gone?"
"I felt it, the belt, he was...beating me and I, the window was to escape..." she trailed off as tears freely flowed down her cheeks.
“I’ll get it David Beckham, you stay here and help Steve get the food out,” Tony said with a laugh before taking off after the ball. Well, walking after it. He was barely starting to show and since they still hadn’t told their families, they really didn’t want the public to find out first.
decide what’s best for him. And it’s not like the pup is without an Alpha...you picked a good one, bambino.”
Jo suggested the hoop competition, agreeing easily as Pete cheered from the sidelines. Not a lot of people knew this, but Tony was an excellent point guard and loved playing the game. This however, did not stop the teenager from whipping his ass. He tickled Peter to get him to stop gloating on her behalf, hoisting him onto his shoulders as he led the three away to the ferris wheel, already done with this game.
“You went to see your mother?” Steve inquired as she maneuvered herself to be able to see the three people – still sitting on Tony’s lap. She only nodded in response.
"My Harley!" Steve cried, grabbing Tony's attention again as the Alpha waded away from his brother with Harley in his arms. The tiny blonde pup was giggling in his father's arms as Steve made his way back over to him. "I got you, puppy. Now you're stuck with me forever!" Steve exclaimed before kissing the boy's cheeks, getting more giggles from him. Bucky joined them, wrapping his arms around his mate and kissing him.
“Of course baby, you were really brave just now. I think you deserve two cookies. I’m proud of you bubba,” Steve said, adding another kiss to the boy’s cheek as they entered the kitchen.
She squints at the clock, brain slowly registering that it was only five in the morning…which meant Steve was still at work. Which did not help put her mind at ease; the thought of losing him making the bolder in her stomach drop.
“Bond with me,” Tony blurts out before he can stop himself. He’s about to take it back, cause even though they said all that stuff to each other it was still scary to say those words out loud. But Steve’s beautiful blue eyes light up like a Christmas tree.
He’d even made some authentic friends. Although two of his new friends apparently didn’t like each other, he learned on his first day.
“Tony, you remember that wine you received from Dr. Strange for your thirtieth anniversary? Well it appears Emerson and Peter drank it last night…” Bruce said as he handed the brunette the empty bottle.
“I know! Honestly I think I’m just going to take it,” she whispered. When she looked back over at her dad, he suddenly had tears in his eyes.
“You’re welcome to sleep on the couch tonight to get away from it,” Steve argued, with no meaning behind it since neither could sleep well without the other. And Tony knew that, as the genius only stuck his tongue out at the blonde while he followed the others to the elevator.
All eyes turned to Emerson, who was visibly failing at keeping a straight face. “I was simply asking Peter about his…linguistic choices…then asked Steve if he approved…of said…linguistic ch-choices” she finished laughing. Tony looked to Steve for confirmation.
“Do you wanna tell me what your dream was about?” he asked wanting to both help her calm down and selfishly answer his question.
"Well, cause Daddy and Papa are gay, Wade and Peter are gay, and I was just wondering if you were gay cause I'll probably be gay too right?" Miles asked innocently as he continued eating his breakfast.
“What was that, Tony?” she asked gently as she handed him the aspirin in one hand and the water in the other. She sat next to him on the bed, grabbing a tissue from the side table and handing it to Tony in exchange for the empty glass.
His little brother's giggles interrupted his train of thought as Peter turned to wave at the laughing boy who was trying to swing higher than Wade. Miles waved back as he shrieked with laughter.
“Now what’s this I hear about you and Clint and a bow and arrow?” At that Daci’s eyes lit up, and as she began giving her father a play by play of her day - Tony decided that was an opportune time to excuse himself to the kitchen.
He stole a glance at his husband, seeing him smile and silently watch them, before turning back to their son.
Glad especially for the wiggle worm over his shoulder that joined their family almost a year ago, their Emerson.
“Cause of me,” Tony whined out dramatically, covering his eyes with his crossed arms. “And my stupid knee surgery.”
“When we first met, you said...you said an Avenger vouched for me and you didn’t want to piss him off…” The last thing he expected out of Fury was a laugh, which actually startled the super soldier.
It had been a few weeks since he’d been bitten, and he was getting pretty damn good at the superhero gig. Peter had helped him train him with web slinging and using their heightened senses while Wade helped him with combat.
“Bruce is already wearing pants?” Daci wondered quietly, but loud enough for the red head to snap her attention to her. Daci felt fear for the slightest moment before Natasha burst out laughing. Which got Clint laughing, which almost always made Daci feel good - especially when she saw Bruce smile at whatever it meant. Her father had shook a little around her, telling Daci he laughed a little too.
They were the last ones to board, the jet quickly taking off as Bucky realized Natasha was the one flying it. Right...Clint had been injured. He ignored the sick feeling in his stomach and took a seat in the back and away from the others, cradling a sleeping Daci in his lap. Steve and Tony were seated together with the latter in the former’s hold, both fully conscious and seemingly uninjured as the Iron Man armor stood stoic by their side. He could see a shaky Dr. Banner looking Clint over as Thor sat near them. Natasha’s red hair was all he could see in the pilot’s seat as he did his best to clear his mind of the overwhelming guilt settling in his stomach.
“Peter, you should be happy your Dad and I have such an active love life. It means that after over twenty years we still obviously love each other.” Steve said, standing up to clear the table off.
“Sounds...lovely,” Tony breathed out, a little dizzy from the kiss. And several shots of espresso he just consumed.
“If that’s what it takes,” his boyfriend said with a smile as Clint sat there quietly smiling for a moment before taking a deep breath.
“Yup, Papa Bear reminded him that his father has loved him since he saw him jump off the monkey bars,” Steve cooed, rubbing his son’s back and feeling the love radiating off his mate.
"Yeah, of course, you're an amazing person so you'd save anyone in trouble," the teen responded, dismissing her feelings. "Sorry, dumb question," she said quickly as she started to walk away, stopped when Shuri gently grabbed her arm.
Everything leading up to this moment flashed through her mind as a mixture of emotions washed over her.
All of that flew out the window when he met Steve Rogers. A tall, blond and gorgeous Alpha who was kind and shy. What he first thought would at least be the most amazing one night stand turned into running into the same Alpha again in the park. He had felt horrible for leaving without a note, but his Mama had called and said Harley was going to the hospital.
“Hey,” Tony squawked indignantly, wiggling his body to free his pinned arms. “Unhand me you brute!” Wrong choice of words, if Steve’s suddenly predatory grin was anything to go by.
patrolling at night, with the plan to eventually go back to school and get a degree?" Peter nodded at the blonde, knowing he had that dude wrapped around his finger long ago, not long after first wrapping Tony around it. His Pop leaned down to whisper in his other father's ear, who nodded in confirmation.
Her eyes watered a little as Happy pulled up along the sidewalk she was waiting on. She quickly got in before he sped away.
“I love you Steve,” Tony whispered after Steve pulled him onto his chest and settled the blankets around them. Tony’s head rested on his upper chest as he lightly traced a finger over Steve’s collar bone, sending a chill down Steve’s spine.
Her Dad sometimes would make jokes or opt for doing something on the tablet, never one to be comfortable in silence. Her Pop, on the other hand, was a talker. If you were in trouble, if he was proud of you, if you asked any questions, if you didn’t ask any questions and just wanted to watch TV in peace…
“Holy shit...when...when did you build him?” Steve asked, still in amazement. Tony seemed to blush and duck his head again before turning back the machine on the table.
Without even thinking, Clint dropped the bag and immediately took the pup from Bucky’s arms, holding the sweet thing to his chest.
"Yeah, me neither. But we should both try to get some sleep cause it's late and we're already in bed," he said with his eyes closed.
He felt Tony shift on the couch, putting an arm around him as Steve hung his head in pain and anger. His head rested in his hands as his elbows rested on his knees, only slightly leaning into his husband’s embrace.
“I expect you to try your best,” Steve added after taking a step closer to his girl. “For me?” She rolled her eyes again before agreeing with a ‘fine.’ The blonde leaned down to kiss her temple before standing up and walking to the door.
He hated that Peter had nightmares, usually ones that involved losing his parents - past and present.
After dancing with his incredibly handsome husband a few times and schmoozing the donors, they finally got to sneak away to do the dirty. When they came back, Tony had a few drinks under his husband’s supervision.
His love stood on his tip toes and kissed his lips, Steve finding it easy to return the kiss as his hands roamed down to the most amazing ass, cupping both cheeks before bringing the two closer together.
“What would you say about Papa, Joey?” Peter asked, most of his attention back to his drawing of a …dog?
They must’ve heard him, because they all turned on their heels and pushed past each other to leave the store.
Currently, he was watching Spongebob while laying out on his couch – his brain working overdrive to think of a solution to this. That ‘doesn’t involve killing him’ …
“What?” she asked because what on earth was he talking about? “No,” she answered before turning over to bury her face in the pillow again.
Tony stopped hearing her at this point, leaning away from her as he laughed harder than he had in weeks.
He should've known better, Tony was just standing behind him staring at his ass when the blonde checked behind him. He quickly turned around, trying to get the child to act like an adult as he processed this information.
“Do you think...before I leave I could get a tour? If that’s not too weird. You just have a really beautiful home,” he amended, not wanting to sound like a creep.
"You don't wanna unwrap any presents on your birthday?" Steve asked sadly. Tony laughed a little at his husband and his adorable ways; he was always in charge of wrapping gifts and loved seeing him and his kids unwrap gifts.
“Firefighters?!” Peter growled, switching from exhausted to pissed off. “Wait...you were there...when the lab exploded?” he asked, suddenly feeling like he was going to vomit and eternally grateful they were in a bathroom.
“No Daddy!” the three year old giggled, continuing to run away from his foster father. That’s when Bucky returned to the circus, putting Wade in Joe’s lap in time to snatch up the running boy and swing him in the air.
“Mr. Rogers! So good to see you, sorry for the circumstances. Harley kiddo, I’ll see you tomorrow morning, okay?” Darcy Lewis, Harley’s Beta teacher said with a bright smile.
Like one night when Cheryl kissed the top of his head without thinking, as they sat together playing chutes and ladders. The blonde teen froze in place before quietly excusing himself to step out on their back porch.
“Come on, I think Papa has a snack waiting for us,” he said, ruffling those adorable brown curls as he walked the two to the elevator.
“No no,” she interrupted. “There’s a group. Your seven o’clock. I recognize them, they run a drug and trafficking ring. And they look shady as fuck right now exchanging something with the doorman at the bar across the street.”
“He’ll be fine, but he does have the option to be taken to the hospital if he wants to,” Sam said as Steve pointedly avoiding making eye contact with anyone.
“Aren’t you going to say something? Lecture me or yell at me or…” she sputtered a little, utterly confused with the way this day was turning out.
“You can’t be serious. That’s a real dude? I literally thought he was a ghost story made up by HYDRA. He’s like, mortal and everything?”
“Hey! I still am, bribing children with candy is a key element to my style,” he sassed, immediately laughing when his husband shut him up in his absolute favorite way.
They arrived home, squishing together in the elevator with Happy who carried most of the shopping bags. They may have gone a little crazy, getting the boy an entire new wardrobe...along with some toys after Miles gave his best puppy eyes.
,” Steve said softly, matching mist in his eyes. “You...fuck’s sake it’s our anniversary and you’re sitting here thinking…”
He would’ve taken her seriously, except he heard giggles behind him as he glanced back to see his two children sneaking chocolate behind his back.
“Yes,” he replied to his husband, who was standing two feet away and looking at the opened bedroom door. The brunette shot a quick glance at the blonde before turning his attention back to the door.
, but she had broken the picture of her and her Dad. Steve gently grabbed her hand to also inspect it, bringing it up to look closer while she stayed comfortably laid on his lap.
“Hey Petey! Wanna help me dip some strawberries?” he asked. When Peter smiled and walked over without his usual enthusiasm, Steve looked at Tony in concern. He mouthed
happened to me, statistics on date rape, and a ‘creative writing’ assignment about why it’s important to listen to your parents.”
“Alright cub, let me help you wash your hair,” her Tati said as he wiped his own bubbles off before moving around to sit behind her. Feeling courageous, she didn’t wait for his help, just dunked herself underwater before popping back up and wiping the bubbles from her eyes. “I’m so proud of you baby girl.”
The Alpha offered the pup a smile, but the boy just kept his head down and followed Steve into the gym.
“Sunset, what a surprise,” Tony said as he finally sat down across from Obie. He didn’t bother returning the compliment. Her ego was big enough without it.
Her face morphed from petrified to dumbfounded to pure glee as she collapsed back on the bed and erupted in laughter. Steve sat there, very confused but enjoying seeing her laugh at such a delicate subject. He couldn’t help himself, he started laughing too.
Sometimes, when she was having trouble falling asleep, she’d imagined what it would be like to have Clint as her other parent. She’d picture Clint and her father together and the three of them being a family. Sometimes she’d even find herself waking up with a smile.
“Sorry,” she muttered in apology, using her free hands to scrub her face in exhaustion. Strong arms wrapped around her pulling her into a solid chest.
An hour or so passed when a tall Alpha in scrubs approached them. Steve handed Harley to Rhodey as the man asked for “Mr. Rogers?”
“Well,” Tony offered, “I do have a Californian King should you need some company, kiddo. I promise Steve and I will be fully clothed and everything.” She smiled as Steve rolled his eyes heavily.
He and Tony were walking Coulson to the elevator, still skeptical about the young superhero. None of them were exactly sure who he was, after Coulson had informed them he had spoken to Charles before coming to see them. When the elevator doors closed, that’s when they heard the scream. The two fathers looked at each other before running to Peter’s room.
“James,” Clint finally said, temporarily forgetting why he was here. Bucky smiled back as he walked over to him, his free hand grabbing the door while a little blur ran behind him. “Damn, how many baby mamas do you have?” he asked, smiling when the teen rolled his eyes at that.
“I’m sorry, who is your father?” Rebecca asked; the slightly bitchier of the two. Janet, the other certified cunt, giggled at her question.
“Are you only saying that cause I woke you up with a blowjob?” Tony quietly teased his Alpha whose pupils dilated from the reminder. Tony had absolutely spoiled his husband this morning, waking him up with a blowjob followed by incredible shower sex. Then breakfast in bed - Tony had been practicing with Sam and he made pretty damn good strawberry and blueberry crepes if he did say so himself. He'll admit...Harley helped with the crepes but Tony did most of it himself. His older pup had demanded he carry the tray, which was cute and only slightly worrisome as the Omega carried the cuddly baby in his arms.
“Steve!” Tony cried, anger and sorrow battling through the bond as the Omega rushed over to the Alpha. “That...that sonofabitch! Harley heard him and ran away! I can’t find him anywhere!”
“Son?” Steve asked, tears in his eyes as he remembered he had a crowd of people behind him anxiously waiting for news. “Tony’s going to be okay,” he said to them, smiling at the cheers as he walked over to his six year old. “Harley...your Daddy needs time to recover then we can go see him. In the meantime...do you want to come with me and meet your baby brother?”
“–yes, I’m telling you how to fucking parent, even if it costs this relationship because I fucking love this kid. I love you too but you’re seriously pissing me off right now.”
“Sea mons’er,” she clarified before dunking herself underwater. When she came back up, sans bubbles, she reached over for her rubber ducky, pretending it was screaming at her in terror before she then pretended to eat it.
“It was a gag gift from Strange, I didn’t think it’d actually work…” the genius said as he tried to read the contents on the bottle.
“Your wife will be back in eight months you dramatic child. She went to save billions of lives and help your Uncle Thor out. And I seem to remember her explicitly saying you weren’t allowed to mope around here without her. You just got your Master’s! Use it! Pepper said SI was excited for you to come back. You cannot just sit here and sulk for the next eight months.”
“Well,” Tony said, flinching when they heard a door slam, “that went well.” The genius fell back against the cushions, bringing both hands to rest on his belly. Steve immediately wrapped his big arms around him, hands also resting on his belly while he nosed Tony’s gland on his neck.
“Pop?” fake Kimberly questioned. Kimberly Johnson was seventeen when she got pregnant with Emerson, the teen still not entirely convinced she was alive.
with what people haven’t cut you from their lives. You’re despicable,” she finished, standing quickly and grabbing her things to exit the place as fast as possible.
“Apparently his next Captain ended up firing him and his wife left him,” Steve said, remembering what Hill had told him.
“Apparently we smell different cause we’re bonded. Did my Dad know? Are you okay? Did he threaten you?” Steve had the audacity to chuckle, patting Tony’s arm gently.
, no clos,” she said, clapping her hands together with the last four words. He’d never seen so much attitude in such a small being.
The ride home was silent as neither opted to turn on the radio, Steve clutching the wheel as he found himself thinking about his brother again.
A…man? A man in a red mask standing against twenty guys? Peter hesitated rushing in when he saw the vigilante pull two guns from his holsters and fire back at the men. All the goons the masked man were up against quickly fell and soon the red-suited mystery man stood alone, even when most had returned gunfire.
“I thought maybe...you’d want an out…” Tony said slowly, too cowardly to look his husband in the eye.
“Do you want to know what your fucking idiotic brother in law did??” he asked the man, ignoring the scoff from the stupid teen. “He replicated my spider serum, got bit, and is now asking me to train him!” he shouted thrusting a hand towards the stupid teenager in question.
“That’s fine! Samwise! Want to take a break from crying like a baby?” she teased at his grumpy friend.
"Hey guys, Miles are you kicking butt and taking names?" she asked as she moved to sit next to Wade on one of the recliners.
“Did you just get him to agree to a nap? God, I love y–” he stopped suddenly, paralyzed with fear as Steve simply smiled back at the man. He leaned down to kiss him, whispering the words back.
“Eh, it was school. Mr. Jefferson was super nice to me today for some weird reason…” she said as she set Peter down to inspect what the blonde was doing.
“Chill Pop, I’m like ten minutes late,” she said before deeply inhaling the sweet smell of the sauce. It was also in arm reach, but he blocked that too as they heard Tony pipe in.
Those words stuck in his mind, focusing specifically on the ‘damsel’ part. He’s never seen Clint as a damsel, even the first time they really talked and he helped him with Rumlow. Notice he didn’t say ‘save him’ from Rumlow, because deep down he knows Clint can take care of himself.
"To be fair Papa, I already showed Uncle Thor all my toys," the kid said with some Stark sass, getting an ear flick from his father.
“Daci, this is my oldest friend in the whole wide world, platypus. Platypus, this is Daci. She and her father moved into the tower recently.”
"I love you too, my beautiful soulmate," Tony replied, pushing as much love as he could through the bond as they shared another heated kiss.
It’s possible he heard sounds of disappointment at him leaving, but he was probably just imagining it.
Incredibly irritated, he left his own note in case she should come back to call him asap before grabbing his keys and leaving.
Something happened, something happened to Tony. He could hear his Pappy, who had been in the room with him, speaking and could feel hands on his shoulder, but it was all muffled over the pain in his chest.
He could easily see himself having this life, but there was this little nagging voice in the back of Tony's head that had gotten to Steve. What it would mean for a little black boy to be raised by two white gay dads. If they were the right men for the job. If it would mean a lifetime of heartache for a boy who already experienced too much in five short years.
“Ten years?! Oh my god! That is…injustice in its highest form! A travesty! Well…it will be quite the challenge to assist you in playing catch up. But dammit that is a risk I am willing to take,” Tony said seriously, smiling at Steve when he snorted in laughter.
“I work until 8pm, but I’m off Sunday if you’re okay with a late dinner?” Tony’s predatory grin reappeared, looking like he wanted to make an inappropriate joke but quickly shook himself from it.
“Yeah well, Pointe Break has his hands full with two depressed and hormonal teenagers,” the brunette responded, hand pulling away as his husband threw his head back to laugh.
“OKAY! OKAY!” he managed between laughs, “I give!... PAPA PLEASE!” With that, Steve released his hold on Peter, gently pushing him away before turning his attention to the wide-eyed teen caught under his legs. “…wait” was all she managed before Steve grabbed her around her middle, dragging her up until she too was sprawled across his chest, squirming to free herself from the onslaught. She momentarily forgot what she needed to say to be released, selfishly enjoying the undivided attention and warmth she felt.
As Thor was talking, Clint noticed Bruce move to stand sheepishly behind the tall blonde. His brown hair was in disarray and his glasses askew...and were those...hickies on his neck?
"Baked mac and cheese with extra bacon," the blonde said confidently as she squealed in delight. It was her favorite comfort food and neither of her parents joined in eating this meal with her very often.
“Tony wait,” he said, taking a moment to hold him at shoulder’s length; and couldn’t help smiling when the brunette immediately pouted.
“You two are gross,” Clint spoke up next to them. It made Steve frown, only because it made the warmth of Tony leave as the brunette whirled around and sat up in offense.
,” his son said, suddenly visible in the group. Steve’s eyes rolled, Sam hated that name when Peter and Emerson used it sarcastically (cue beard jokes, needing a white tap hat, the patriotism…)
"-Woah woah woah! What makes you think you'd make it more than a month before you come crawling back -"
“No,” Steve answered honestly. “But I’m taking the rest of the day off to make it alright. Sam you’re my second in command. Thor, don’t let the power go to his head,” he said with a wink and laughed along with the taller man. Sam glared at the blondes but didn’t say anything in his defense, which was very unlike the man who always had a comeback.
“I’m helping, Steve! Do you have any idea how strong of a scent I’d have to ingest to make me cheat on you??”
"It's just, you're a princess and I wasn't sure you even liked girls -" her rambling was interrupted by Shuri's lips connecting with hers, sparks flying as the taller woman gently wrapped her arms around the teen in embrace and kept kissing her. After another moment, the princess gently looked back and smiled at Emerson, grabbing her hand as she led them out.
“I mean,” Tony continued, making Joey think maybe she had a little bit of Tony too – as he continued digging himself deeper, “he’s kinda funny, you know? Smart-ish…” he teased at Steve, who was still just glaring at him.
“Good afternoon bambino! Did you have a good nap?” Tony cooed as he lifted the pup up into his arms and kissed both of his cheeks. “Let’s get your diaper changed, handsome. I was thinking we put you in some little swimmers and a hat and then later we’ll wear your ‘I love my Papa’ onesie. How does that sound?” Peter answered with some more babbling, which the Omega interpreted as agreement.
“Oh come on, Steve’s a big boy, I think he can handle himself,” Clint said as he sat up next to him.
“Hey!” he heard suddenly, watching as his sister joined the circle and stepped in between Peter and the two.
“We could arrange an adoption, make sure it goes to a nice family,” Howard offered, the Alpha quieting significantly from his Omega’s tone.
Leaving his cup in the kitchen, he walked directly to her room to make sure she was okay. Both his and (one of) Tony’s cars were parked outside, and she always greeted them or at the very least grabbed a snack when she got home.
“I will in a minute. Too busy enjoying the show,” she said, nodding to the circus behind them. She watched Miles dip his toe in before he turned back to them with a smile.
“Oh, Steve,” he finally said breathlessly, smiling brightly when he looked back up at that beautiful artist of his. “You’re...this is
Steve didn’t reply for a moment, a soft smile on his face as he leaned down to place a gentle kiss on Tony’s lips. “Not proposing, just admiring the man I love.” He kissed Tony again. “I’m so lucky to have you.”
told me not to reach out to her for money.” She looked shocked before her face morphed into a smile that produced a genuine laugh.
“I’ll let our mighty warriors in,” Tony offered before the the ladies could get up, smile on his face as he went to answer the door.
She rolled her eyes at that, hating the further implication of her childish state. “Yeah he uh…suggested calling you guys. Cause the nightmare was…was” she stopped speaking, powerless against uncontrollable tears.
“Yes of course. There’s literally nothing that you could do to make me stop loving you. Especially when it comes from the fear of losing one of us. I know I’m not blood but don’t think I love you any less than your other dads,” he said pointedly. He felt her shift in his embrace, turning to wrap her arms around his neck. She buried her face in his neck as she mumbled something in response. He chuckled and tightened his arms around her, pulling her onto his lap as he asked her to repeat herself.
“Maybe she’s in the shower?” Tony offered as Peter stayed cuddled on his lap. Steve frowned before answering.
Her mind drifts to her first social worker, Wendy, who spent about two hours trying to coax an answer out of the then eleven year old child. She promised a better life, told her how brave she was, explained to her how “witness protection” worked and how she would get a whole new name and a whole new life. But she didn’t want those things.
“Hey, there she is!” Steve said, pointedly ignoring his husband and bringing the plates to the dinner table.
“But there is cause for celebration! The Winter Soldier has been approved to join our ranks!” the god said with a pout, mid pouring his drink into the glass of soda he was drinking out of.
“I think she’s a hoot,” Tony said, taking the plate from his husband, “you don’t seem entirely convinced?”
“Don’t listen to Clint. In fact, anything Clint says you can probably just ignore,” her Tati quipped, which Daci could recognize was playful and not serious. Especially since Clint immaturely stuck his tongue out at her father.
“Steve’s a great cook, I get plenty of home-cooked meals. What I don’t get enough of is Chinese take-out,” she said as they finally passed the wreckage.
She’ll probably get up, embarrassed or upset to be doing such a childish thing. Even after the adoption, she was still a little hesitant with physical touch. She was obviously very comfortable with the superheroes and knew she was safe, but the genius caught her trying to self-soothe often instead of asking them for comfort. His thoughts quickly raced at the possibilities when she blinked a few times at him before smiling, turning her body to sit more comfortably in his lap. He smiled warmly and snuggled closer to her, shooting a quick thanks upstairs for this kid. His kid. He heard her breathing slow as she again fell asleep.
“Yup,” Tony confirmed as he resumed the upgrades on his tablet. “She apologized and was fine with our mini vacation. Except she didn’t want any juicy details…for whatever reason.”
“–I know how my Dad died!” she snapped at him. The cloud around him only darkened at that, crossing his arms tightly over his chest.
She got off at her designated stop, walking the two blocks to the diner she wanted to try and Carolyn had agreed to meet at.
“I got a letter from my birth mother, inviting me to her wedding and to meet my little half sister,” she word-vomited out before she could second guess herself. Her brother in law hummed to himself, looking deep in thought over her words. That was something she’d always loved about him, both as a King and a brother in law - he always thought long and hard before he spoke.
“Want to go see what the Starks are up to?” he asked in a sleepy voice, scrubbing his face with his hands before standing up off the bed.
His mind drifts back to his ex…who was now overseas in the marines… leaving him behind. After he thought he had convinced Wade to stay and go to community college – become a paramedic – Wade instead decided that wasn’t good enough, leaving a note after one of their…especially fun nights together. He had slept at Wade’s place, a small one bedroom apartment. He had previously told Peter about emancipating from his parents and using an uncle’s inheritance to pay for everything. He remembers bragging to his dads about how responsible his boyfriend was, now sick with the memory as he looked at the note taped to the back of his locker.
“Thank you for doing this,” he said instead of an apology, because the Winter Soldier was a coward at heart.
“We’re doing some yoga, I’m not letting you fall back into depression when you’ve made so much progress with your mental health,” he said – completely calling her out.
“Whatever you need, kiddo; whatever it takes to prove to you that you aren’t going anywhere. Your Stark-ass is stuck right here with me…and you are a
“Will I get to see these drawings of me?” Tony purred out, thoroughly enjoying the blush it got from the blonde.
“No, but like, one thing that she does that makes you mad? Like, when Steve leaves me at four in the morning to run, taking away my heat source like a selfish jerk. Can you say one bad thing about Vivienne?”
When he simply resumed sleeping, he turned his attention back to his sketch. He was so deep in concentration that he almost missed Bucky opening his eyes a few times in waking up.
This was one of the few times he was actually glad he married rich. Including this whole trip, of course.
It was only natural Tony reached out and rubbed his hand on his husband’s abs when his shirt lifted enough to see them.
She was suddenly thankful for the cramping, as that turned into her main area of focus as Tony led her to his bar. She clutched her stomach as he squatted down to check the mini fridges. He stood back up with his hands on his hips, brows furrowed as he looked deep in thought.
“We’re not asking you to get shit-faced, just a drink to celebrate!” Clint offered as he sat next to Natasha on the couch.
“Hey Tony…I don’t think I’ve ever seen you wear a baseball cap…” she said staring at him. He wore a cap and sunglasses to look less conspicuous, along with his Black Sabbath t-shirt and jeans.
“Tony,” his husband growled in warning, “I swear I should’ve given those daises to someone else. Save me a lot of trouble.”
“Yeah Stevie, did you not see my triple? Plus this means we’re undefeated, Mr. First-time-showing-up-at-my-game.” Steve knew the older teen was teasing, but it did nothing to ease the rock of guilt that had settled in his stomach. The air around them staled as the blonde’s face fell.
“You’re right, my bad,” Alexis admitted before she kicked Joey hard…in the crotch. Joey crumbled to the ground as the group let her go, holding herself protectively as she sat in shock that this hurt so badly.
“Hey baby!” he said, pulling her into a hug and giving her a few kisses in greeting. Steve walked up to them and inspected the cart, frowning at not seeing his favorite cereal.
Because he knew deep down this day would come. The day Tony breaks up with him, moves on for a more exciting and brilliant man. One that comes from money, or matches Tony’s intellect. Maybe he’ll fall for a girl this time. Steve will see him in the magazines with a beautiful woman on his arm.
She rolled her eyes as she continued checking the kitchen, anger rising as she thought of how manipulative that woman was. Is. She hadn't seen or spoken to her in months, even if a voice deep inside hoped she was doing okay. Her thoughts were interrupted as a cramp punched her gut.
“Thanks May,” she said to the woman before quickly sticking her tongue out to her parents, smiling when only Tony returned the gesture.
“Hey, no using Uncle Steve to distract me, you need to shower before settling in for movie night, my little stinky wolf cub.”
But she must’ve been getting sleepy, as just she turned back to Steve with big blue eyes and reached up for him again. They both laughed as Steve bent down to pick her up and saw Bucky check his watch out of the corner of his eye.
"Pop, help me out here! Grab him," Jo said as Jamie pretended to 'hide' next to him beside the couch.
“They’re getting more food and coffee,” Bruce replied as he played his turn. Steve laughed as Sam grumbled again at his turn.
“He’s right, Tony,” Steve said getting his emotions back on track – face still flushed red. “I’m sorry you two…it um…won’t happen again,” he finished confessing with hand pinching the bridge of his nose, clearly embarrassed.
“You’re such a genius. Promise me you’ll use your powers for good and not for evil?” Steve asked as he settled the two more comfortably on the bed. He inhaled the scent of his husband’s shampoo, a little disappointed he had missed the chance to shower with him.
think we should do?” he tried. His brown eyed babe smiled a little at that, uncrossing his arms and stepping closer to the blonde.
“There’s just…a TMZ article about one of Tony’s exes reappearing yesterday,” he said, showing her his phone.
"I'm not buying your brother's love, rich boy," he said with a challenging brow and a smirk. Peter saw through the act immediately, smiling back at his love before replying.
When Joey was four and after their mother had passed, Steve temporarily moved in to Bucky’s two-bedroom apartment. He was still pretty devastated after losing Ma, not really leaving the couch he had crashed on.
“You know what would really wake me up?” Tony asked as he leaned down to finally get the kiss he was looking for. He felt Steve smile against his lips, large hands roaming up and down his back until they settled on his hips.
“Is that really all it would take?” Steve asked, pupils already a little dilated with lust. Tony couldn’t help laughing again, pushing the man a little out of his personal space before turning to step inside. He heard Steve close the door behind them and immediately felt hands around his waist. “Because I would happily oblige carrying you everywhere if that was the payment.”
She didn’t care and didn’t want to hear whatever that bitch had to say. She just wanted to focus on getting through the day without really drawing any attention to herself.
His brows shot up when he saw Clint on the bed, straightening his clothes. Buck’s gaze turned back to Rumlow with a little fury as the teen immediately tried to play it off.
Peter sat with his father as they both settled on the couch, Peter speaking quietly even though she wasn’t within earshot. “I honestly don’t know. I don’t know her that well; I’ve just heard rumors about her.”
get to decide who your family is; sometimes it’s by blood and sometimes it’s by those too deeply and madly in love with you to not get attached. Hell, I wouldn’t even be with Steve if it weren’t for you…” he teased with a smile. She snorted in laughter as she saw Steve cross his arms in offense.
“Sweetheart, I knew you were lying about those things,” Steve said, smiling when his husband’s face immediately frowned at that, “I just let you get away with them cause I wanted to be surprised, I like seeing your face when you pout and I was well aware how my ass looked, I just like teasing you.” This only caused the genius to pout, which made the super soldier take a step closer to hug the man.
“Oh hush with the dramatics and let me see my grandson,” Aunt Peggy hushed him, taking the boy from a reluctant man as the others rushed around her to coo at the perfect being.
“Oh yeah,” Clint remembered with a smile, snuggling into the teen and practicing letting his anger go.
“Come on Daci! We got like a billion more animals to see!” Peter called as he pulled Steve along to the next exhibit. She looked back at her father and caught him in a quiet and smiley conversation with the woman. Daci turned back to Clint and saw him was also watching the two but with a sad face. So she grabbed Clint’s hand once more before leading the two after the Starks - who were making their way to some really big cats.
Fingers on his pulse...he finds a beat. It’s weak and slow, but it’s there. He lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. That’s also when Miles suddenly hears sirens approach them.
The doors to the elevator opened and Tony watched as Daci rushed in to join them in the living room, coming to a halt when she saw her father.
“Shush and accept the hug from your Papa,” he said with a smile as she squirmed in his grasp, even reaching a hand up to push his face away.
Joey sat between Helen and Tony as the blonde stood behind her, reaching out to keep the tiara Sam had placed on her head from falling off. She smiled at her little brother as she unwrapped the transformer wrapping paper. Steve had to shush Thor and Xavier who were still arguing over the outcome of the last game as Joey pulled out a familiar looking stuffed lion.
“It would explain the spark I felt when we first shook hands! And the amazing sex. And how I could still apparently get you pregnant
“You guys died. Because of me,” she said after a beat. “It was my fault…you said so yourself Pop-” her curled over herself, crying harder than before. “And HE did it!” she managed between sobs. “HE was the one who took you guys from me.” She heard the pause on the other end, imagining the two looking at each other, deep frowns on their faces.
"I'm Spiderman," the teen confessed. Steve prepared himself to bury his face in his husband's shoulder once the screeching commenced, but ended up doing so anyway when the boy responded:
“-Alright, Tony. I like you. I would like to date you. Do you want to go see a movie with me tomorrow night?” Steve said blatantly, smile plastered on his stupid handsome face.
“No, no it’s an expression,” the blonde said, arms waving frantically as he came to squat down in front of the girl. “Like you
Officer Hill called Steve just after Dr. Strange had told him to go home and come back tomorrow morning. He assured the blonde Tony was absolutely fine and would make a full recovery, but he’d be out from the anesthesia until then.
Steve had taken another shot at Thor’s insistence when Tony excused himself and left the group. The blonde watched as Tony didn’t head for the restroom, but instead out the front door. Since he was a thoughtful Alpha, he excused himself to follow the Omega outside.
"Okay, let me get everything out before you say anything, deal?" she said seriously to him. He rolled his eyes at that.
"I thought I'd try behaving for once, see where that got me," the brunette said quietly as he sat at full attention. The naked super soldier crawled on the bed over to the genius, settling for straddling his lap.
"Not yet," Loki clarified, getting a glare from the brunette, a giggle from the boy and a small smile from Steve.
"Why don't you guys go play some video games before dinner, huh?" Dad asked after the group had settled down from the giggle fest. "The adoption paperwork won't be here until later anyway."
“I KNOW the love of my life left me, then maybe died, apparently survived and has been running around in red spanx busting drug rings. All without telling me. Am I missing anything?” he probably didn’t look intimidating, wrapped in a hospital gown. He was still shorter than Wade but stood his ground as he looked at those stupid sunglasses.
“Alright baby girl, walk to Uncle Steve,” he encouraged as she toddled a few steps forward. Steve reached his arms out invitingly just as she plopped down on her diaper. She startled to crawl to him before her dad pulled her back to try again.
He and his sister ate their cereal in silence, still working on waking up and processing the last twenty-four hours. Two words were on loop in his head, now that he didn’t have his whole family to distract them. He wanted to ask Emerson about it, but wasn’t sure if it was even worth asking. He was probably just making all of it up in his head anyway.
“Sorry, I don’t put out on the first date,” Steve apologized sarcastically. Tony simply smiled coolly back at him.
“Look, I don’t know what kind of mutant factory you crawled out of mister wannabe hero, but I’m betting SHIELD isn’t aware of your ‘jurisdiction’-”
“You’re right about that, but by the time I get there it won’t be a multi-million dollar weapons company. It’ll be a multi-
"When are Wade and Pete coming?" she asked as the three took Max into the living room to explore his new home.
“Peter, son you’re going to have a panic attack if you keep this up, you can’t breathe like this,” Steve said as he tried to calm down the screaming child.
“–and whose fault is that?” the teen snapped. Carolyn sat back, fuming in her seat as she glared at her granddaughter.
“I’m happy for you, Steve,” Sam said a little more seriously, moving to clap the blonde on his shoulder.
“Going good. Look at our brave little fish,” her Tati said with a proud smile, motioning her Daddy to join them.
that always had the brunettes shutting up. Thankfully it did the trick, her Pop shooting a wink at her as she smiled at him in gratitude.
.” Tony paused to clench and unclench his fists a few times in anger. Steve stayed silent, arms practically twitching from the desire to wrap his arms around his love. It was especially difficult when the man slowly walked towards the blonde.
“Yes, but I love you,” the genius said with a shoulder shrug. His husband smiled brightly at the man, pulling the shorter man in to kiss him.
The elevator dinged as Steve wiped Morgan’s sticky fingers from her glazed donut, smiling at the sounds of Clint, Bucky and Daci making their way to join them. Clint hobbled in with his injured ankle in a boot, mid-argument with Bucky over something until the archer’s eyes found the box of donuts.
“They’re with May, just you and me tonight, beloved,” Steve said gently. Tony offered a half smile in response, looking eternally grateful at Steve – before said look turned mischievous.
Luckily no one seemed to really notice, or mind. Especially Steve, who only beamed at every minute they got to spend together after school and on the weekends. He never questioned why they hadn’t been back to Tony’s house, just assumed they’d spend most of their time at the Rogers’ when they hung out after school.
“Her first word? My...just now?” she asked as things clicked into place. Tony nodded and the girl felt guilty about joining them. “I’m sorry, Tony, I can go,” she said as she began to stand up to leave. But Tony held his hand out and stopped her.
"No, we're just glad to hear it's not two men raising this kid. That'd be unnatural," the man said as if it was obvious.
“Excuse you?! You gave Barnes a handjob at the movie theater! And you didn’t even wait until the lights got dark!”
“That wasn’t because of you, I’m sorry. I’m well aware you like me for my dick,” Clint teased, needing to see a smile on his boyfriend’s face again. When it worked, Clint continued. “I’m also aware that you stood up for me cause you...love me and not because you think I’m too weak to fend for myself. It’s just...those fuckers at school wouldn’t shut up...I mean...I don’t even consider it an insult! Have you met Nat? She’s a chick and she’s the biggest badass I know.” James laughed aloud, immediately nodding his head in agreement before the brunette’s gaze turned towards the pup - who had tired himself out and was asleep on his new bed.
“Um,” Steve said, face scrunched up and looking like he’d rather be anywhere but here. “Why don’t you come in?” he asked, much to Tony’s surprise as the brunette followed him in to the apartment. He wasn’t necessarily sure he wanted to see what made that noise, but the fact that Steve was leading him to the kitchen made him all the more curious.
He only tortured his love for a moment before wrapping his arms to squeeze the man. He smiled as his sexy love hummed in approval as the two remained in happy silence. The brunette lightly dragged his fingers along Steve’s arm, tracing his skin over and over.
“Ty I think it’s time for you to leave, for good,” Steve said calmly, contemplating whether or not to let his father-in-law just go at him. Ty looked at Steve for a long moment, eyeing the other Alpha up and down before posturing. Even though Steve had a good inch and fifteen pounds of muscle on the guy.
,” Joey said teasingly. He stuck his tongue out at her in response, smiling when she only laughed in return.
"Alright," Peter said after another moment, pulling away so he could pack his own luggage. "You win ya cryptic bastard."
Around 3 in the afternoon, Sharon came to the rescue. She had just gotten off a 24 hour shift but was kind enough to take the remainder of Steve’s as he promised her multiple favors in return. Before he left he sent a text to Jo’s phone, letting her know he was coming back. He drove a little over the speed limit back, having felt terrible when he told Joey he’d forgotten the night before. The kid looked damn terrified at the very idea, but nodded because what else could she have said?
“I told him about how you taught me,” Em spoke up, smiling fondly at the man who was smiling warmly back at her.
“I don’t know, Stevie. We’ll find out when we get there, we’re not far from the hospital.” Steve had stopped listening, doing his best not to throw up from what he had just heard. His mate was hurt and their unborn pup…
After both babies ate and were promptly cleaned, he brought them into the living room and put some cartoons on, knowing it would be a while until anyone else woke up.
Tony knocked on her door, waiting for her welcome before opening the door and pulling them inside. They were both shocked to see Joey waiting for them, complete with several stacks of papers next to her on her bed.
"Right and you turned out normal," Tony said sarcastically as he took the weapon from Steve to store somewhere safely.
“Why would you run?” he cackled while grabbing a pillow to muffle his cries. Steve looked back at Jo, glad to see a smile on her face as she grabbed another pillow to smack him in protest.
“Sorry Clint,” the teen said against Tony’s shoulder, “but Natasha taught me how to properly kick a man in the balls.” The red-headed medic looked pleased, Tony able to read her last name “Romanoff” on her uniform. Before Clint could counter, they heard Steve walk in to join them as the officers bid them farewell.
Steve got out of the car, slung his backpack on his shoulder while he took a moment to stare in awe. The architecture was beautiful, and Steve found himself wondering if it’d be weird to ask for a tour. After another moment of staring, he finally walked up to the door and rang the bell.
"Tony, calm down," Ty sighed in his condescending tone as flashbacks of them dating crossed his mind.
“So?” Wade asked as he started washing and chopping some fruit up, the rest of the question implied.
son strongly dislikes the idea of the little peanut...but I know for a fact he’s going to love this baby almost as much as we will. Harley just needs time, my love.”
“They’re fine, they’re eating their Uncle Miles,” the vigilante answered as he grabbed his sister-in-law to use as a shield. Peter turned his attention to his Pop, hoping for some support.
“Hey, remember our rule? No one can be held accountable when they’re brainwashed. Clint’s still breathing, he’ll be okay. I promise no one blames you for this, cub.”
“Petey-pie! Oh I missed you so much, little monkey!” he said as he swung the toddler in the air, relishing the laughter it produced.
What kind of name is Tiberius Stone, anyway? Some power hungry prick that hurt the love of his life…
He nodded before leaving the Commander’s office, going to find Sam. He was on the couch, looking like he was waiting for Steve.
Because his boyfriend was his better half and could therefore read his mind, Tony asked Clint to join him in getting more candy; leaving the two alone to talk.
"Now look what you've done," Tony said to Thor, who was clearly enjoying the change of subject. The man's smile eventually faded as Tony stared him down.
“BOY! We talked about this,” Sam said, finger pointed now a few inches away from his son before turning back to finish making his plate.
She has zero interest in men. Not a one. But she thought to herself then and there that she could turn for him.
“Beloved?” he whispered to the sleepy genius, smiling as brown eyes slowly flicked open through thick lashes to his blue ones, watching the man begin to register the person in front of him.
“Does this have anything to do with one of Tony’s gross exes?” she asked carefully. Now it was Steve’s turn to look confused, unsure how she found out about that situation. But then again, kids found things out easily from social media…
“And when she died…well…it didn’t work out with Jerry. So I was angry. Because my baby was ripped away from me – the only thing that gave me hope. And that’s when I heard you confess. You had nightmares and talked in your sleep. I found out about six months after she died, heard you saying it one night. So I scrimped and saved what I could and – with the help of some friends and…lovers…I faked my death to get away from him. And you,” she paused to choke out a sob, taking a few breaths to compose herself before continuing.
“Sir, it appears you are delusional. Would you like me to escort you to the nearest hospital?” Steve asked with a smile, glad to see it piss off the man.
"I am," Peter said smugly as he also measured out cough syrup to drink after. He held the thermometer back to his father's mouth, giving him his best
She giggled when he grabbed her face in his hands and kissed the top of her head, muttering a "thank you baby girl," before moving back to his seat. She continued laughing when she saw her brother throw his hands dramatically in offense.
Steve’s pupils were dilated to the point that you could barely see the blue and his predatory grin sent a small shiver down Tony’s spine as the man claimed his lips once more. His hands reached around to grab his ass again, this time lifting the smaller man up into his arms. Tony squealed but kept kissing him, absolutely loving how much the blonde has learned in such a small amount of time.
He walked over to check the pantry when he heard what sounded like a child screaming. Senses quickly regained, Steve ran in the direction of the sound before halting in the doorway to Joey’s room…
?” She clenched her fists further, crumbling the test in her hand and repeating the words like a mantra in her head.
Tony wasn’t a superstitious person, having grown up around science, but he wonders if that was something Ty was capable of doing…his thoughts are interrupted when she buried her face back in his neck.
It was only about an hour and a half later when he heard the elevator ding. His love walked in with a crockpot in both his hands and was sporting a backpack as he made his way into the kitchen. Peter moved around to greet him and helped him with the crockpot, accepting the kiss on the cheek Wade gave him.
“Yeah, Mama. He’s the one. This bond, it’s...incredible. Like nothing I’ve ever felt before. I know I haven’t brought him here before, but I wanted to be sure before introducing you two to him.”
“Wait...Harley gave you the shovel talk?” the Omega asked, pouting as the Alpha chuckled again before they heard a voice from down the hall.
“I’m sorry, to all of you. Sorry for sneaking out and hacking Jarvis, sorry for lying to you two, sorry to you – Peter, you almost died…because of me,” her tears started running down her face as the three sat back in baffled awe at her words.
The super soldier blinked a few times before looking into the eyes of a man who has put his husband in his place more times than he has. Rhodey gave him the same look he had seen thrown at Tony a million times before. It was that
“Alright boys, the food is getting cold. Come and eat,” Pops called from the kitchen, trying and failing to get the pup out of her mates arms. “Honey you haven’t put him down yet, why don’t I hold him while you eat?” Steve watched the two fondly, sitting down with his family and helping himself to some roast beef.
“Goldilocks, huh? I love that story,” Bucky praised his toddler as she turned to beam at him. She stuck her thumb in her mouth, waiting expectantly for Steve to begin.
And to top it all off, his dau-   well… foster daughter – was spending the night at a “friend’s” house. She had called him after school to ask and well… he couldn’t say ‘no’ right?
“Sam,” Steve whispered, unable to form any other words. Luckily their radios went off and had them distracted by a call. When they got to the ambulance, he steeled himself to face his partner and friend as he started the engine.
“Joey?” came a soft voice that startled the teen. She turned to see Tony standing a few feet away in the hall, face frowning and arms crossed. He must’ve been unable to sleep as well, as he was yawning in his pajamas.
“We could do it before we leave, something…permanent you know? Before my…” he stopped himself, feeling as though saying the word would jinx it.
It seemed like a good decision though, when the brunette squealed adorably before kissing Steve like his life depended on it. He balanced the love of his life as he walked them to their shower, before quickly helping each other strip down completely.
“Well that’s bullshit,” James said in offense as he pulled back a little. “I think you’re pretty fucking great at it.” Clint scoffed and looked away but was forced to meet those sea-green eyes when his boyfriend turned his face back to him. “Hey. We’ve been dating for three weeks now, and that’s twice my record.”
“I see. You two go to the same school as Emerson, right? Well why don’t you do your one job, push the fucking button, and let my niece here back to see her father who is in a
“It’s alright Bambi, your heart is still recovering. We’ll give you some leeway for now,” his Dad said with a wink.
But here was his pup, curled up with his Alpha after experiencing a semi-traumatic event and purring in the arms of the man whose love he’d been resisting from the beginning.
He made his way to the living room, following the sounds of laughter from his parents and the guest. He instantly recognized the round head and found himself frozen in the entranceway. Sitting with his parents in the living room…was his Uncle Phil. Aka Agent Phil Coulson of SHIELD.
“Look how young Joe was! Wow, you guys are right, spitting image of Steve,” Tony said with a smile as he showed Helen the picture. A smile spread across her face, eyes twinkling with memories as she nodded along with the brunette.
Though the blonde would never admit it out loud, he was really a kind soul. When Buck had mentioned that to him once, he remembers his boyfriend swatting him for ruining his ‘hoodlum status’. It made Bucky wonder how someone who had been so hurt by this world still found it in their heart to still be so...good.
“Hey, Buck come on no harm done. She was just looking out for her cousin,” Steve said on her behalf as she blinked a few tears away.
, he thought as they both use protection when having sex. He needed further consultation, so he dropped Harley off with his parents and went to see his favorite doctor - Bruce.
“I can’t decide if you’re a knight in shining armor or an angel from heaven,” the brunette with a well cut goatee said as he stared dreamily at the blonde.
Peter looked at Wade who had been listening to Emerson's story, the man looking at her with a sad expression. Miles moved to sit in his sister's lap, hugging her in comfort after hearing a little bit about her past. She easily returned the embrace and kissed him on his cheek.
-Happy,” she liked to call him – to drive her to and from school, but she politely declined. It was bad enough when kids at school made fun of her; she never wanted to give them any ammunition. So she took public transportation, assuring her dads it was safe and easy.
“Sweetheart I don’t think this is something you should be worrying about. That’s kind of adult stuff,” he said, immediately grimacing when he saw the offended look on her face.
"That's what video chat is for sugar bean," he retorted as he kissed her on the head and gently pushed her off his lap. She mock glared at him as she went to follow orders. She came back and showed him the meds and her glass of water she got from her bathroom before swallowing them. She downed about half the water before showing her open mouth to her father, hoping to be as obnoxious as possible.
Steve just shook his head fondly as he watched the two go, his heart filling with more warmth than he thought possible when his love happened to also call him at that moment.
Even as a kid he didn’t care about his birthday, never understood why some people wanted the world to shut down to praise them for something that literally everyone had.
She was covered in peanut butter and jelly, most of it on her body and not in her mouth. Her banana was squished between her fingers and also somehow in her brown curls. He growled a little in frustration, deciding on whether or not he would wake his brother up to deal with her.
“Run Jack! Run!” Andy cheered behind him as Bucky growled and stepped closer. “It’s the tickle monster!” The toddler’s tactic was to simply bury himself further into Steve, squealing and wrapping his pudgy hands around the blonde’s neck.
“I meant it about…standing up, for them.” He paused, considering his words before shaking his head with a smile. “Women and gays deserve respect, I’d better see you do the same. Especially with your growth spurt lately, soon you’ll be taller than me and can probably kick my ass. You won’t, of course, but you’ll try.”
"How long have you two been dating?" Emerson asked excitedly. He heard his oldest tell his Dad it made sense, which Tony agreed.
“Oh yeah?” the blonde asked smugly. “Cause that little butterfly back there would argue differently…”
“You, um. Forgot your badge,” he said dumbly, thrusting the item to Steve’s chest. He smiled back at him, taking the badge and putting it in his pocket.
His thoughts are interrupted when he feels his phone buzz. He ignores it for a moment, content to look at the sunset from the top of the building he was resting on. After another ring, he pulls it out of his pocket to look at the caller ID. It was his Pops, so he quickly answered.
“How far along are you bambino? Do you know the gender yet?” Maria asked, reaching over to rub Tony’s belly.
“What am I going to do Jarvis? I’m not ready to have a baby,” Tony cried into his pseudo-father’s arms. The Beta rubbed the teen’s back before placing a gentle kiss on his head.
She laughed when he returned it, grabbing her plate to join the eye candy on the couch and leaving him to eat with his husband.
“Okay,” Clint said quietly as he moved his head to kiss his boyfriend on the mouth. James pulled away first, smiling back at him.
"My love, that isn't how medication works. It's extremely dangerous to quit medications cold turkey like that. Like having
Tony felt hot tears spill down his cheeks as he stared at her in awe, taking those words in. His bottom lip wobbled before bringing her back into a crushing embrace.
“When I was six, they got drunk and stoned and drove into oncoming traffic on the highway. Took out a family of five as well as an old couple…” Clint trailed off, releasing Bucky’s hand before it slowly trailed up his body and touched the ear sporting a purple aid. Something heartbreaking and rancid twisted in brunette’s soul.
“Um, yes…I believe I heard that. That doesn’t change the fact that I’d still like to get to know you.” Something didn’t feel right to the teen.
“I…have we met?” she asked incredulously, wondering how lame it would be to literally pinch herself right now.
“Get the fuck off me!” Brock yelled, squirming below the much larger teen that easily held him down.
“I did not say Brad Pit was hotter than you!” she heard her Dad say in protest, almost making her back track her steps to avoid whatever that was about. She continued on her journey anyway, knowing it was futile to avoid them.
anymore. And tapping my foot is turning into a nervous habit, and habit forming shouldn’t be encouraged – you’re still laughing!!” she said accusingly as she playfully shoved him back. His head landed on the pillow behind him, smiling as he rubbed his hands over his face – honestly not sure what to say as he looked up at the ceiling.
Her cries turned into full on sobbing which quickly escalated into practically flailing to get out of his embrace.
“Oh, I wasn’t thinking about dad…I was thinking about Steve. It was bad enough when I lost my dad, but if I lost Steve too?” she looked away and cleared her throat, upset at even the thought of losing her uncle. The only family she had left.
"Great, works good," she said with a smile as Helen moved to sit next to her on the couch, absolutely beaming with pride at her wife.
“Wade?” he heard his Pop ask, this time his voice was much closer. Heavy footsteps came to a halt at Peter’s side. “You…you’re Deadpool?” Peter’s eyes sprung wide, just now realizing his father must’ve heard Wade say that. He, apparently, was able to skip past the whole died and came back to life part.
The fact that he was ambushed was not sitting well in his stomach, even as he tried to find something edible on the menu.
“You guys are my parents. I don’t want to know or get to know a backstabbing… selfish… asshole.” She said it with a few tears spilling, blinking quickly. Tony smiled as Steve grabbed her to pull her back on his lap, kissing her forehead while he whispered, “language.”
Senior year flew by quickly, and Steve found himself surprisingly enjoying it. He and Tony practically ran the school, allowing other students to come out comfortably and in fairly decent peace. There were still the occasional bully, but Steve and his friends kind of took on a protective roll around the school.
“It’s cliche to just say I love him...but, well...I love him. And...Mama we found out...we’re soul mates,” Tony said quietly, taking a moment before looking up into his mother’s eyes. She looked like she didn’t believe him before her face softened.
He probably wasn’t pregnant, he told himself repeatedly as he put on sunglasses and a hat to buy a pregnancy test.
“Holy fuck Stevie you’re serious?!” Bucky asked, eyes comically wide as his scent instantly changed to happy and proud. Steve’s smile grew as he nodded yes, pushing a little love into the bond and beaming when he felt it in return. “That’s so fucking rare! I can’t...haven’t there only been like a handful in existence?”
“Thanks for telling me,” the brunette whispered and kissed his temple. “Anytime you wanna talk, I’m here for you, okay?”
“Am I missing the joke, here?” he asked with a hint of blush to his cheeks. She suddenly looked apologetic, moving to sit up fully before wincing in pain from the action.
She was at the bookstore with Peter and Wade when she found the book on her namesake. She remembers asking Peter to get it for her, then…leaving? She closed her eyes tight, trying to concentrate.
“Look, I’m sorry, I’m in no way trying to pressure you. For all I know you’re just an incredibly handsome straight man who was too polite to turn me down. Or, I did read the situation right, but you’re right and life’s too ‘complicated’ for you right now. Either way, I came here to apologize and now realize I’m not doing a great job of it…”
“Would you like a shot, Stark?” Thor asked as he returned to the table with a plate of shots and started handing them out.
“Aw…looks like we’ve got a Thumper to go along with our Bambi, babe,” Tony realized aloud to his husband, whose smile grew wider at the realization. She simply rolled her eyes and wiped some of the tears away.
"Pete...did...did you just say your first word?" Tony asked in amazement, staring in disbelief at his youngest.
The rest of the evening was spent playing various board games and charades as one by one the Avengers slowly made their exit. Each offered another smile and hug to the teen, and she hoped no one noticed her red face when Shuri also gave her a hug goodbye. If they did, they didn’t say anything.
James’ family had welcomed him back with open arms, which admittedly freaked him out a little. His siblings had even tackled the older blonde when they found out they were dating. His parents had also invited him to dinner...every night for a week. It was just so domestic and...happy, that Clint felt obligated to hold onto it as long as possible.
Twenty four hours ago he was manipulated into thinking he was in love, not caring of the impact it had on anyone else. Now...he recognized a deeper love than he probably even deserved. One he would never give up on.
“Yes, that is exactly why you can’t meet him,” Peter snapped. He grumbled to his Pops who was taking a million pictures on his phone when Tony turned to the smiling girl next to him.
“Okay, I’ll call Melanie back to arrange it,” the vigilante said with a frown while the boy started cheering in excitement.
“Did you tell Sam about her?” she said accusingly, eyes opening again to glare daggers at her father.  Steve found himself wordless, mouth gaping a little as he also noticed out of the corner of his eye his husband come join them in their conversation.
He wasn't returning his calls or texts, which could mean he was busy, he was in danger, or what it was more often than not - he'd lost his phone.
“A snotty toddler for three months sounds great to you?” Joey asked skeptically, getting an eye roll and groan from Steve.
“He’s just!” the younger man grumbled before taking a bite of his burger. “Infuriating,” he said around the food in his mouth.
“What?! No Daci no,” the blonde said, followed by the sounds of the couch creaking. She pulled away from her father to look at the blonde with hope. “Kiddo, that was on me. And my dumb...ness. Of course I don’t hate you. You can hate me though, for asking you to do that.”
“Sorry Barton, you’ll have to figure out another way to get a boy drunk enough to make out with you,” Tony said with zero empathy, the jerk.
“When do I develop the mind reading powers Mama?” he asked, which got a chuckle from the older Omega.
“You’re a good man Leonardo!” her Dad called after him before turning back to Emerson. “Not jumping in?”
“Woah, Pops. We are two almost fully grown young adults. It’s not like we’re babies,” Peter said with a teasing smile as he stood.
“Because your relationship was an HR violation,” Stark answered for him. “And she was abusing the power dynamic.”
“You sound like a fortune cookie, grampa.” Steve instantly dug his fingers into his son’s ribs, smiling at the laughter it produced.
He was making Tony a latte in their kitchen, drumming his fingers against the counter while he wondered where she was. His husband had spent the day in his lab, and after a quick welcome home make-out session, sweetly asked the blonde to make him some coffee.
Tony swung himself around – which wasn’t a very good idea – looking into the eyes of a very tired man. He leaned back against the counter, maybe out of necessity, using his hands to grip the counter top.
It only took a second for the blonde to put the food down and whirl around until he was facing Bucky again.
“Wow. You’ve really matured Buck. It’s kind of weirding me out,” Steve teased, laughing when his best friend playfully shoved him.
“Damn I really thought you were too scared to call him,” he said as he fished some cash out of his wallet and handed it over to Natasha.
"You are a ridiculous child," Joey said fondly as she carried the six month old over to the group, Helen following close behind.
"He can call me Flower if he wants to," his Dad quoted the movie as he walked with their Pop into the kitchen to eat.
He suddenly prayed for voicemail, realizing he hadn’t rehearsed to say anything should a human actually pick up.
Twenty minutes turned into an hour...and a half. But the genius eventually had the boy back in bed knocked out next to him; Tony grateful as his own eyes slowly closed.
“Joey, you never told the cops he threatened to rape you…why didn’t you tell anyone?” Tony asked with a waver in his voice.
“I legit forgot about,” she said, “I didn’t remember it until later and by then I didn’t know if it would do any good.”Steve ran his hands over his face in frustration, stopping to grip some of his blonde locks.
“Three?” Clint asked as he followed him inside, excited at the prospect of cake, shutting the door behind him and taking a look around. “Jesus how many Barnes’ are there?”
me do it as an excuse for me giving in so easily. It’s just a joke, Daci.” While that did make her relax a little, she still had a frown on her face.
“Come color!” Isaac decided for him, grabbing the boy’s hand as he followed the toddler to the coffee table. Peter stood up, taking a step back when the boy eyed him wearily. He felt his husband’s hand grab his, squeezing reassuringly while leading him into the kitchen.
“No…sorry. I’m way too old to be doing this,” she said even as he opened the door invitingly. He smirked and even rolled his eyes at her.
“That guy isn’t in the gift shop anymore. Daci? Kiddo are you okay?” Clint asked, suddenly appearing by her side and squatting down next to her. Anger and confusion were battling it out in her chest, but the latter won out as she just shook her head no before allowing Clint to pull her into a hug.
“She said…she said he was nothing but a white-trash carnie. And that he’d be disgusted I replaced him with…faggots. So yeah, I punched her fucking lights out,” she finished defensively, arms still tucked around herself.
"Emerson," he said when he looked directly into her green eyes, "when's the last time you took your meds?" She swallowed before answering timidly.
“ –AND not embarrass Peter.” His Pop said giving his Dad a pointed look before placing his arm on the back of Tony’s chair.
friend back. She needed the help avoiding Cara, who kept trying to talk to Joey one on one. Which, of course, Xavier was more than happy to oblige.
“I swear to god, each of you, the revenge will be swift and it will be righteous!” he said with a smile as he angrily kept playing. Emerson had two cards left and was excited to win. Uncle Bruce and Uncle Rhodey had won the last few games.
Steve looked up to the sky, thinking for the first time how disappointed in him Bucky would be. He imagines it differently, if Bucky had found Joey crying at her mom’s grave, bottle in hand. How he would’ve just sat with her, probably take a swig of the drink as he pulled her onto his lap. Fuck, he was a much better dad than Steve would ever be.
“Alright, someone wanna explain what happened while I was out? Cause I seem to be alive?” Tony asked quietly, smiling as he watched his husband chuckle while slowly rocking their boy back and forth after taking a seat nearby.
She hadn’t seen May since before her Dad’s surgery. Though her parents assured the teen May wasn’t mad at her, it had just seemed weird asking to see her.
But then Steve’s phone buzzed, it was twenty past one and there was a text from his mom asking him to be home by two to help her with something.
“I know Steve...so do I,” the other teen said sadly. When Steve looked back up at him, he seemed deep in thought. He stood there another moment before snapping his fingers. “Jarvis!”
“Go upstairs and shower before you sweat over my calculations,” Tony said dismissively between a mouthful of the creampie...which could easily spill onto said ‘calculations’ and got Steve to quirk a brow back at the genius. It was of course at that moment that a glop of filling spilled onto the worksheets.
The sensation that followed was indescribable. Tony felt the bond wash over him as well as something warm and satisfying settling in his chest. He could feel Steve’s happiness course through him too, the two looking at each other and wearing the same matching smile.
He opened the door when he heard her cry out again, paternal instincts taking over as he walked over to her bed. He switched on the lamp on her bedside table, able to see her tear stained and scrunched up face, obviously mid-nightmare.
But once again, Cheryl was right and he was totally wrong. Clint’s mental health had improved drastically and he truly loved that pup.
"So the deal is you'll live here part-time and part-time with Wade, work at Stark Industries during the day while
“How about I help you take a bath while your Daddy and Uncle Steve start cleaning up this mess?” their mom suggested as she kissed her cheek again.
Tony opened his eyes, not liking the wiggly eyebrows his youngest was giving him. He could see his sneaky and adorable face in the dim lit room.
“It’s a soulmate bond,” Tony said quietly, almost hoping too quietly for Steve to hear. A part of him wondered if they were just in the honeymoon phase and Bruce was wrong about them being soulmates.
“We want to know how to help you, Joey, because whatever you’re struggling with inside…we’re here for you,” he reiterated, gently squeezing her hip.
"Pop! Look! I'm a giant!" the boy said with both arms in the air, getting a laugh from the taller father.
Her gaze stayed on the floor, too ashamed of herself to move. She heard a sigh before her Tati was lifting her up into his arms and hugging her tight. Daci remained limp for a moment before quickly returning the embrace, unable to stop the tears free flowing down her cheeks.
So of course she just found out that not only was her dad in danger of dying…but he kept it from her.
He shook his head, unable to hide the grin or the eye roll. He could hear her laughing at her small victory as he walked away.
He hadn’t been able to sleep since he’d talked to Obadiah. The man told him he not only had ‘no control over his son’ but that he was also looking into retiring…which could mean Ty could take over Stone Inc.
“Oh hush, Steven! You don’t understand, okay? Us little spoons need our big spoons! My poor baby girl,” her Dad murmured – with a hint of sarcasm – as he quickly rocked her back and forth.
"Peter just said his first word!" Tony explained with a grin, watching as his family all came over to them where Peter was grinning from all the attention. Minus Pappy, who was in fact still napping.
“What’s happ- oh Steve you dog!” Sam exclaimed, throwing a wink Steve’s way that he ignored and drank more of his beer.
“- I’ll know if you just want him for his money, too,” the six year old said, interrupting Steve’s train of thought with new vigor. The Alpha just stared at the tiny blonde for a few seconds before shaking his head to respond.
“Harley is the winner!” Pappy exclaimed, getting more laughs from the pup as he lifted one of the boy’s arms in victory. “Now you just need to defeat Stevie to be the champion. Think you got what it takes, lad?”
A door opening caused Tony to swiftly turn to what he hoped was everything he had wanted, smiling at seeing his husband walking in.
“I didn’t mean it, you’re not stupid. You’re smart and kind and I know you were just trying to help…” tears started falling as her bottom lip wobbled adorably.
“A whole Uncle Rhodey Adventure Weekend?!” Peter gasped in excitement, hands coming up to his face like Kevin in Home Alone. And didn’t that just seal the deal…sure enough Rhodey had a smile on his face as he caught the child who ran for a hug.
“That was...that was so fucking hot,” Bucky growled with a smile before kissing the chuckling blonde again, the smaller teen wrapping his free arm around him in return. When he pulled pack, he couldn’t help staring incredulously at his boyfriend. “You sat on my lap on the ride over here, where did you hide the gun?”
“Cara confessed everything, I told you you’re not in trouble baby.” Joey simply stared back at her Pop.
The sun felt good on his skin, as did the sand he had dug his feet into. He kept his eyes closed, listening to the sounds of the waves along with his family. After the party was postponed it was later canceled, the fathers deciding they’d commemorate twenty years by spending some time with their kids. Pepper helped them book a vacation for the next two weeks, promising she’d take care of everything else.
“It was nice to meet you guys, but I really do have to run. Joey, call me,” she said with a wink that had the teen glad she was already sitting down.
“You got me for a week and I wanted to surprise you guys! Plus Pepper said if you weren’t focused at the meeting she’d hold me responsible and...you know,” Rhodey said with raised brows, nice enough to not talk about ball-chopping-off in front of the kids.
“I’ll get that Tony, why don’t you sit with Harley?” Daci offered as she began picking up the plates, seeing the reluctant look on his face. It changed when Morgan grabbed his pajama pants and raised her arms.
“Relax kid, you’re in my neck of the woods,” the man quipped, walking around him to check the kind of weapons the men had and grab his stick back.
“Me next Papa! Me next!” Harley cried instead, causing Steve to bring his baby girl upright again and gently placing her to the side. As he helped his toddler do a handstand, he watched as Peter went over to his Uncle Clint to ask him to help the boy do one as well.
This woman had always been crafty about getting him to talk. Once when he was twelve, he tried to blame a mess he made on Andy (which, like, foolproof right? Andy was a baby and couldn’t defend himself) except she literally convinced him to confess. Crafty witch.
“How’s everything?” his Pop asked before kissing his temple and pulling back. He was ready to give his usual ‘everything is fine’ response, but he’d never been able to lie to that man.
She had kept Peter’s secret for two weeks. When she confronted him about it, wanting to know everything – she had not expected a spider bite. She made sure to tell him how lame that was. When he said it involved lab work – she was thinking he was some kind of a mad scientist…not a kid with a booboo.
“So…how are we doing this?” the brunette asked, crossing his arms over his chest. Steve closed his eyes at that, willing himself to calm down; realizing he must’ve been sporting his ‘
They made sure to get bubble tea as they shopped, Xavier driving her crazy with how many stores he needed to look at to ‘find the perfect gift.’ As she whined audibly for the tenth time, he again ignored her while he talked to the girl behind the counter.
“Fuck me sideways, are you a real paramedic? There’s no way you don’t moonlight as a stripper,” the brunette said as Steve felt his ears turn red, embarrassment burning brighter when he heard Sam snort next to him.
“So impatient, Suzie Q,” Clint admonished as he continued his assault, smiling at the little girl’s laugh.
“Hey kiddo,” he started when he opened her door, frowning at seeing she had called him from inside her closed bathroom. “Everything alright?” he asked as he made his way to the other closed door.
being a Stark. Legally or genetically. That she was a ‘carnie Barnes’, just like her father. It made them better than her, she clearly got the message. It made sense from little snobby brats in her new private school, but a teacher?
“What?” his husband whispered harshly. “Look how cute you guys are,” he said as he showed the arachnid his phone. Peter couldn’t help smiling, cause damn that was a really cute picture of the two of them.
"Or three, I get a kitten," she said with a Cheshire grin. The two fathers gaped at their daughter in silence as she pulled out a stack of papers out of nowhere.
“Look, Banner and I think you might be drugged,” Stark said, cutting to the chase and only pissing Bucky off more.
When they entered their bedroom, Steve shut the door behind him as Tony sauntered over to their closet.
"He's coming by later to bring some soup, little Flower," the older brother said as he fluffed his little brother's pillows. Miles eyes slowly closed as he settled back into the couch, Peter helping tuck him in. He turned to the other two, glad to see them passed out as well so he could finish cleaning to cut his Pop some slack. He'd have some time to kill before Wade got there anyway.
“Well,” the man choked out, “guess I’m glad I put you in time-out…” Steve laughed loudly at that, only able to agree.
“Don’t worry lovebirds, we’re going to bed,” Clint said before giving Steve an obvious wink, dragging Bucky to their bedroom. Once they were alone, Steve turned to Tony who was leaning against the living room wall. Looking absolutely delicious.
“Stevie why don’t you take Barnes and Noble and make sure he doesn’t go Terminator on anyone other than Vivienne?”
Her door was open, which had Bucky momentarily freeze before pulling his gun out of his pocket, raising it up and slowly entering the apartment. It looked like there had been a struggle with the broken glass and strewn furniture but he started to wonder how much of this was staged.
“It’s um…” the brunette faltered as Steve waited patiently for him to continue, focusing on finishing up their drinks. “I...
“Yeah?” he asked playfully. “Well I’d rather have you hate me while you are safe and alive than ‘like’ me and die young…”
“You remember how he looked at his phone?” Tony repeated the words audibly, notice Steve slowly turn to fully face the man in realization. “And left without even a jab?”
She sits at the kitchen counter in her parents’ home, overcome with sadness and despair as she tries to remember what her wife even looked like. It had been that long.
He remained silent as he repositioned himself to sit against his headboard, preparing himself for whatever this horrid woman had said to her.
“There’s somethin’ wrong with being gay?” he said just as angrily. Steve stole a glance at Joey, rolling his eyes fondly to see she was just reaching for the cookies in the basket – not paying the men any mind.
“I’ll be fine, Rhodey will be there too and I’ll be attached to your hip all evening. Let’s just keep it about you and me and this fundraiser, okay?” Tony asked as he walked over to wrap his arms around Steve’s middle.
“What do I do? He’ll come over here when he sees I’m not there!” she said frantically, adrenaline helping sober her up. But then there was a knock at the door.
“I’m sorry,” she started, further surprising the genius. “I didn’t mean what I said,” she finished without looking at him. Tony sat there quietly, letting the silence sit comfortably between them as she continued looking at her lap. He thought those words over, wondering if she was focusing on one thing in particular she was apologizing for or everything she said last night.
“Pepper is on it and will drop off the paperwork to sign before we leave here,” he said before turning back to her with a smile.
“What? It’s a free country. I’m allowed to check out your asses if I want to. Honestly? It’s a shame you don’t play baseball, Barnes. You’ve got one of those asses made for baseball pants.”
“Don’t, Tony. Don’t go there,” Steve said as he sat forward and grabbed the Omega’s hand. “What’s done is done, my love. None of this is your fault. I’m just...I’m so happy my family is safe and okay. I’m nothing but thankful, Tony.” The blonde was so sincere and even added a push of love through the bond at the end.
“Joey you know I hate doing this, but you could’ve seriously hurt yourself this evening. And you know I can’t let that go,” he said sadly as he also scoot back. More tears spilled down her cheeks as she squeezed her eyes shut, willing this to be over as quickly as possible. She felt him gently grip her arm and pull her towards him.
He was incredibly exhausted from everything that’s happened over the last twenty four hours, but also felt unable to pull himself away from spending this kind of one on one alone time with her. Just to talk.
“Yes. I will stay with Nat and Clint, just never speak to me about your ridiculous sex-life ever again, okay?” He laughed and shook his head no in defiance.
“What? Come on I want to do this,” Clint tried insisting again, but his movements were jerky and his voice was laced with anger, giving himself away.
She stared dumbfounded at him as they both could hear their uncle approaching, feet pounding as he made his way to check on them.
Wade still wouldn't talk about it and wouldn't allow the name of his alter ego to even be spoken around the boy. He didn't want to push it, since Wade would only insist that it was fine and got angry a few times when Peter tried to talk about it.
“Okay, yes, thank you guys. Please don’t suffocate me before I can do anything official as an adult.”
“She doesn’t seem too traumatized, Buck,” Steve pointed out with a smile as their mom joined them a minute later.
“How long do I have?” Steve whispered to Tony, who looked almost drunk with happiness as he tried to answer him.
“Doesn’t matter. Tell me what’s been bothering that big brain of yours,” Steve reassured before he popped some chocolate in his mouth, momentarily distracting the genius.
“The best night of your life, huh?” he couldn’t help but ask, smiling when the Omega huffed in frustration. “For what it’s worth, that was the best night of my life too. I’ve been thinking about you everyday since…”
Her Tati must’ve showered cause his shaggy hair was wet. He was standing in between the archer’s legs, who was sitting on the kitchen counter as the two gazed at each other like lovesick puppies. She’d heard her aunt call them that. It made sense.
“Love you baby,” his brother said, smiling when she returned with a “wuv you dada.” He kissed her cheek once more before handing her back over to Steve.
company. My Aunt Peggy made sure of that, because she’s a badass.” During Tony’s rampage, because he talks with his hands, he’d let go of Steve’s hand and hadn’t even realized it.
The words were meant to comfort him, but being reminded he isn’t technically her parent also hurt in a way he couldn’t describe. Emerson picked up on this when he got quiet, smiling to herself before speaking again.
He raised his hand to knock but was startled by the sounds behind the door. It sounded like children screaming, did Bucky have siblings?
“Sunset,” the pup whimpered quietly, shaking the anger out of the Alpha. Steve snapped back to his pup, instantly lifting the pup in his arms and making sure he wasn’t facing the woman.
"You'll have fun, babe," the blonde said as he grabbed the jumpsuit for his husband and held it out to him. His love grumbled but grabbed the suit to wear, making sure to add an over dramatic sigh. He leaned in to kiss his love's cheek before whispering in his ear.
Tony moved away from the food, anticipating his son’s next move as the pup dropped the ball and kicked it at him. It came at him faster than usual, so Tony ducked at the last minute and let the ball fly.
Wendy suggested various names to her, both deciding “Smith” was a bland enough last name for anyone to try to find her.  The first name she struggled with though. Up until now, she was Ashley Sanchez. She never liked the name Ashley, but complaining about that when she was regularly beaten and forced upon seemed trivial. Wendy continued talking, going off on some story about interesting names she experienced in her travels. That’s when the young girl noticed the small poster behind Wendy’s desk. It was a picture of the moon over a peaceful ocean with words in front.
“Well...when I got here your parents and Harley were already here. And...when he saw me, the pup just ran into my arms,” the blonde said with a shrug, the blush still evident on his cheeks. “He blamed himself, but Howard and I quickly squashed that. Then, we met Peter and...we cuddled for a while after. He didn’t want to leave my arms and I was fine with just holding him close.”
“Oh I already have a restraining order against the paps for both of you, effective until you’re 18,” he said as he pulled into the carnival parking lot – glad to see several nice cars in the lot. When he parked he glanced back over at the teen just staring at him.
.” It was not intimidating coming from such a short thing whose balls hadn’t dropped yet, so naturally the two teens laughed loudly in response. The two teachers had reached them and began shooing the boys away from the pair.
“I was supposed to hang out with my father after school today, but he had work to do. Or at least that’s what his secretary told my Daddy.” Steve watched as his Pappy worked on controlling his anger, which was already coming off of him in waves.
“Hey Jose,” he heard his brother say in greeting before coming over to mimic his daughter. Steve groaned louder, thinking his brother was going to actually be mature here as the full grown man laid on top of him.
“You know what? Fuck you Xavier,” she said, unable to think of anything else and turning to walk away from him. Her feelings got the better of her, but she was unable to stop as she walked in the direction of Build-A-Bear.
It took him an hour to find her, incredibly pissed to find her in a nearby back alley – drinking with some other teens.
She was so excited that her dads had decided to adopt Miles. They were going to skip past fostering and straight up adopt her little brother! She remembers sitting in when her parents told her older brother, who only congratulated them.
“What?” the blonde played innocently, shrugging one shoulder. He looked at his husband’s lips, leaning down to whisper, “I just felt like kissing my husband.” The two began making out, which earned loud and over dramatic groans from the two teenagers, throwing their hands up in defeat.
“So? Have you guys decided who’s going to be who?” he asked as he moved around to pick up his grandson and sit him on his lap next to his husband.
Tony turned to his confused husband and couldn’t help kissing his lips, easing a little of the tension off Steve’s shoulders. “That song was sexual, was she sayi–” Steve was cut off by Tony kissing him again.
“We made vows Tony, vows neither of us plan on breaking, right?” he asked, arms loosening as he felt Tony shift around until he was facing him – the blonde tightening his arms around him once he settled. His love smiled at him, nodding his head in silent agreement.
After he kissed his boy several times goodnight, he smiled as Steve carried their son to bed while the genius stayed behind to do dishes. It didn’t bother him that Peter often asked for Steve to put him to bed, sometimes Tony slipped in to hear him read the stories the way he does.
“Tony…” Steve said, causing the two brunettes to turn and collectively pout at the blonde. He immediately caved. The Stark pout was another kryptonite of the blonde’s.
It felt a little like babysitting, but if Miles got to kick ass and possibly take down a weapons ring...then he was all for the over protective big brothers.
“I never wanted any of that from Tony or any of that tabloid BS for Peter. I have a career because I never want to have to depend on a man. I mean, Tony will pay for his first car, college, that I have no problem with,” she paused as they both laughed again. “Tony’s my friend and we both knew we never would’ve worked out, we’re way too similar. But we’re a good team for Petey.”
"That sounds great! If you want I can take you today," he offered as he turned back around to keep cooking.
“I do, yeah,” he said, and even though she couldn't see him from behind her, she knew he was smiling by his voice.
“You deserve it for calling a child a whore!” another woman yelled, this time in front of them in line. The crowd was on their side, murmuring in agreement.
“I don’t know, something cliché for teenage girls? Starbucks? Frozen yogurt?” Joey considered the options, continuing to push back the voice that was asking why she suddenly wanted to get to know her as she looked at that beautiful face.
Steve slowly walked over to defiant teen. “The punishment, my son, is being tickled until admitting defeat. Now,” he said this with an eerie calm as he leaned over, inches away from Peter’s face, “I’m going to grab us some napkins. And when I come back, this seat had better be empty.” He gave Peter a quick peck on his nose, which cause the two teenagers to erupt in laughter.
“Nat, he’s all yours.” He said before stepping over the man and walking towards his kid. Emerson let go of her Dad to run and jump into her Papa’s arms, who easily caught her and wrapped his arms around her. She wrapped her legs around his waist, arms tightening around his neck as he placed one arm under her bottom to better support her. He carried her the few steps to the door before stopping to let Natasha in. She pulled her head from his neck to rest on his shoulder, turning so she could face her aunt. Nat smiled at the girl high up in her father’s arms before wiping some of the tears from her cheek. Steve continued to hold her and rock her as Nat brushed some of the hair from her eyes, turning to nod at Steve. Her Dad rubbed her back as the three made their way out of the warehouse and into the fresh air. She heard her Dad call the suit to stay with her Aunt Natasha as the three walked towards the group of superheroes waiting for them.
“Papa no!” Pietro squealed in laughter. Wanda toddled over to Joe, watching the man play with Wade in his lap.
She felt woozy but had no memory of drinking. She can’t even support her weight on her legs, crumbling a little as she heard the officer get more frustrated with her.
“Absolutely, Daci. Anytime you wanna meet in the gym, just ask, okay?” She nodded with a warm smile before taking off towards the elevator. On the ride up, she suddenly felt the exhaustion seep into her bones as she let out a long yawn. She was starting to feel sleepy after all the fun she had with Clint. When she got off to their floor, she heard the sounds of her Tati in the kitchen.
I can’t believe I said anything. I shouldn’t have, it’s not like they can do anything about it anyways. Maybe then can? They are two badass superheroes. And they seem genuinely interested in our well being. Pssh. Probably just a guilty conscience …her intrusive thoughts stopped abruptly as the door to the guestroom opened, revealing Tony and Steve. They came in and sat on the bed with her, Steve holding a small tub of ointment in his hand.
He had seen and was a little concerned about the blue folder she handed Steve, but decided against asking about it. Even when Steve read it and placed it behind him on the bed. But after being betrayed by every family member, he was officially distracted.
“Of course I’ve had second thoughts! I’m still human after all. I’ve also had many doubts about literally every choice I’ve made in my life. I’ve had second thoughts about the serum, being Captain America, being an Avenger, being a leader...a husband and yeah, most recently a father. There are a lot of hard days, days I want to rip my own hair out. And yes maybe even one or two where I've considered getting on a motorcycle and never looking back...but I also wouldn’t trade it for anything," Steve finished with a sincere smile, feeling his heart warm at the thought that of his family.
“– Tony!” Steve snapped, shaking his head ‘no’ before turning to Emerson. “I’m so sorry you went through that sweetheart. I’m proud of you for not responding in anger and for coming straight home. What can we do?”
"Do you really think that's why I came for you? My entire country was basically just under attack and I went straight for you. You can't think of any other possible outcomes?" the woman replied with a little annoyance.
book tonight – no none of that pouty lip – I’ll read you as many books as you want tomorrow but Papa’s really tired tonight, okay?” he asked hopefully.
“I’ll make us some sandwiches for lunch,” Steve offered as he gently pushed Harley off his lap, getting up and smiling when he noticed Daci following him. “You gonna help me make sandwiches Daci?”
“Did you just come here to murder a baby?” James asked over the sounds of the baby’s laughter. Suzie giggled in the corner, reminding the blonde she was still here.
Kimberly took a step back at that, glaring at the child she abandoned and not saying a word. Emerson knew she was losing time and needed to head back, taking a breath before saying her final words.
“Cause you woulda said no! And then you woulda made me be audience to what can only be described as ‘cruel and unusual punishment,’’’ she grumbled out, finally breaking her arm away when they arrived at the elevators.
The three sat in silence on the ride home and in the elevator and continued until Peter spoke up when they all arrived back to their living room.
“But I’m not enough. He needs...he needs more,” she said with a sigh, looking down at her lap sadly.
Those thoughts, though on loop in Tony’s mind, did not convince him. And neither did the smug little happy face that appeared on the stick after one hundred and twenty agonizing seconds.
It was only about a year ago when Steve brought up wanting to have kids, which started several months of debates between artificial insemination, adopting and fostering. Ultimately, they decided to adopt when they found a pregnant teenager who wanted a second chance at life. May Parker, seventeen year old who wanted to go to Harvard and have a closed adoption. Which Tony and Steve would happily fund in exchange for their first child.
“Nothing dangerous!” the Omega called after the two, hating that neither even looked back to respond.
After several gulps and a few chocolate pieces, he turned to the man who had been waiting patiently. And now that he was here, on a beach with his husband celebrating their one year anniversary...the whole thing seemed kind of silly. So he decided to start with that.
“Nope,” he said, popping the p. “I want to have fun. And you’ll be watching me, right?” Bucky rolled his eyes, regretting the fact that their mothers had been childhood friends and thus they’ve known each other since birth. Well, Bucky was one year older, but still.
“Thanks, bro.” For the first time since meeting him, she opened her own arms for a hug. He quickly obliged, wrapping his arms around her much smaller frame. He added a “especially if it comes to dealing with a bull’s shit.”He felt her freeze in his embrace, knowing she really heard him. Heard that he was saying he knew if that fucker of a biological father ever tried to get close to her again, he’d help her in whatever way he can. Though he was the son of a genius, he was quite the genius himself, having realized El Toro was her biological father; Robert Sanchez, Peter had seen the name in passing when they were signing the documents to officially adopt her. He had looked up that name later, researching him. Found dozens of criminal records for his alias, “El Toro,” the bull.
He thought about this as he pulled into park in front of the Mansion, four joyous children in the car with him. (yes, he was counting his husband)
She didn’t answer his call, texting him that she was preparing for a job interview and couldn’t talk.
“Yeah, I wanted to apologize about that.” Tony would blame it on the soap, but he slipped into the sink from that statement. Which his husband wisely kept silent about, though a smile was apparent on his face. “I was actually upset that Bucky has started ditching his kid. I took it out on you and I’m sorry about that. In a lifetime, fifteen minutes isn’t that big of a deal.”
“Tony, this is my Pop, Sarah Rogers and my Ma, George Barnes. Ma, Pop, this is my...partner Tony and his son, Harley.”
“Because you amuse me, Barton,” Steve quipped back, readjusting Harley in his lap as the toddler snuggled closer to his Papa. The archer only stuck his tongue out at him in response, adjusting the baby in his lap before the group settled into a comfortable silence watching cartoons together.
,” he said as he leaned forward to claim those beautiful lips. He felt Steve smile against his him and let out a small laugh. The genius was unable to resist grabbing both sides of his handsome face to kiss him fully –
“Thanks for the vote of confidence, asshole,” Clint growled out while he felt Buck wrap an arm around him and pull him close.
“Go Daci!” she heard her father cheer, smiling when a few others also cheered her on. She quickly left the obstacle course to head to the jungle gym. After evading him there, she continued running from one side of the gym to the other.
“It’s in regards to this evening’s attire…” the brunette began as they made their way into the entrance and saw the toddlers attacking Miles, while Pete, Wade, Emerson and Leo were curled around one of Tony’s tablets. “You see,” his love continued, “one of our brilliant toddlers decided to be a Disney princess for Halloween and now insists
“I…would actually love that. Except I think my rollover days for being grounded caught up to me. So it might be a while.”
Which in this case…might be the worst thing she could’ve possibly done. Like, he’d probably prefer her shoplifting or something.
is your latest arm-candy?” Sunset sneered out, glaring at Steve as Obie continued talking to Tony as if Steve wasn’t there.
“How about chocolate chip pancakes? With whip cream? AND BACON?” he asked with the same excitement you’d see from their favorite five year old.
It was Marvin the Martian from his drunken college days, Steve smiling as he placed gentle kisses around the area.
She couldn’t voice this – still feeling like she was limp from exhaustion – as she felt Tony gripping her harder to help Steve finish. She heard mumbles as one of them spoke in a soothing tone. The pain in her hand faded magically as she felt herself relax again in his embrace. So much so that she lost the fight against consciousness and fell back asleep.
Who was he kidding, he hasn’t found an unattractive side to Tony. Even when he was being obnoxiously competitive and a sore loser, Steve couldn’t help but checking his love out every chance he got.
“Glad she told the truth then,” she mumbled to herself. She felt her Pop shift to gently lift her chin to look at him where he had an unreadable expression on his face.
“–Rumlow you can either go to my office or I can fire your ass right here and now. What’s it going to be?” The man looked dumbfounded and pissed, pointing a finger at Sam before turning to follow orders.
Her social worker (who was no longer her social worker) tried to make an argument against the new housing situation. It was fairly obvious the old man wasn’t a fan of the gay superheroes, shooting them dirty glances every chance he got. Peter sat back, glad to watch Emerson be quick to put him in his place.
“Do you wanna get some fresh air?” Steve asked him quietly, grabbing his hand when Tony nodded and led the two outside. They disposed their cups on their way out, ignoring the stares as Steve led them around the corner of the gym.
She stayed in his embrace but watched as Vivienne had her phone back to her ear and was walking away...while her father turned to her with even angrier eyes.
He shook his head smugly as he decided to curl up with the boy in the living room. The couch was always better for cuddling, anyway.
"Bubba!" Peter cried, tiny arms thrown in towards his brother as everyone cheered again. Steve lifted the baby out of the water so he could hug his brother, who enthusiastically hugged him in return.
“Father said...he said Alpha’s don’t want another Alpha’s pup. He said that with lions, the Alpha will
“I’m kidding Pete. It was a lot of talking. A lot of honest and open conversations that helped us really
“Aha! I knew it,” the billionaire said between laughs. Steve rolled his eyes heavily, again, before tickling the man in his lap. “Steven!” the man shrieked, which only prompted the super soldier to continue with his assault until the other man conceded.
"Mr. Barnes, it's a pleasure to finally meet you," Emerson said politely as Bucky turned to greet her with a smile. Steve could see Tony giving him a look out of the corner of his eye, but chose to ignore it as Miles ran over and asked the blonde to be put on his shoulders. Steve smiled as he complied, avoiding Tony while he focused on his daughter while she started grilling the man.
When Clint had first come out (to his brother, that is), it was about three weeks after Barney became his legal guardian.
“No, Harley we aren’t getting a dog,” Steve answered for him. “You’re Daddy and I...we’re having a baby.” The Omega nodded and put both hands on his belly.
He was stopped again from moving when the big guy put his boot on Peter’s throat, cutting off his airway. He squirmed beneath him, trying to think through the lack of oxygen to save his sister. One of the men had a knife and brought it down through Peter’s shoulder, pinning him further down as Spiderman screamed from the pain.
Then, they were greeted by a screaming toddler wearing only a t-shirt, also covered in flour, who ran straight into Steve’s legs.
“You should try kissing my lips,” that rat bastard he loved dearly grumbled out with his eyes closed.
“My voice was not squeaky!” Miles exclaimed, immediately pouting when everyone laughed at the - begrudging - squeak in his voice. Goddamn puberty.
is that you already have people in your life that love you, very much. Families come in all shapes and sizes, kiddo.” She couldn’t help smiling at that.
“Cause you care, right mister jock?” Clint slurred out and scooted away from him, almost falling off the bed.
"Aw, Tony! You have to go, it won't be as much fun if I can't shoot you in the ass," Rhodey piped in as they were getting ready. The rest of the gang were meeting them at the field they reserved - May and Peter in charge of decorations. Pepper volunteered to bring the food and cake.
“Okay! I get it,” she slipped out, cries increasing when that statement just lost her only thin layer of protection. Her Dad yanked her underwear down to her thighs and continued with his punishment. She couldn’t help it, she tried squirmed away from him.
“Um, Leo. I believe your foster parents require some assistance,” her Dad said as he ruffled the boy’s hair in passing.
“Bambino,” his Mama said, voice filled with both sadness and ire, “if you’re grown up enough to commit adult acts, then you’re grown up enough to face the consequences of those acts.”
“You’re right, come on. I’ll let you pick the place,” Steve said, extending his hand to help Sam off the couch. The other man quickly obliged, letting Steve pull him up before they both offered a quick bye to Sharon and made their way out of the station. There was a sandwich shop two blocks from the station and Steve didn’t have to ask the man to know where he’d choose to eat.
“Did it take you anywhere near this long?” Barney asked as Bucky couldn’t help but chuckle and shake his head no.
“You’re not developing a crush, are you?” Steve asked jokingly, hoping to break the build-up of anxiety in his stomach, really considering all of this.
One day, he caught some jerks cornering Clint in the hall and told them to buzz off. When they scattered, his boyfriend called him an ‘asshole’ and yelled at him about being able to ‘fend for himself.’
That part he hadn’t quite planned on admitting. They were almost three months into their relationships, marriage was a little absurd of a thought. But he realized he said the right thing when he told the truth, loving the way Tony’s smile grew as he scooted closer to Steve.
“It’s a pretty important lie, Pep, you kept me from sleeping with ’96 Brad Pitt – you jealous bitch,” he said, unable to continue as he laughed along with her.
Though Tony suspected they were going to adopt the twins soon, three year olds Wanda and Pietro, who were currently running circles around the pacing genius.
“Told you he was generous,” Steve said with a smug smile before turning the subject back to Bucky. “Why don’t you sleep with your kid?”
She was having a bad day, to say the least. The stupid train was late this morning so she was late to class with yet
Natasha got them the latest, safest and most secure stroller on the market. That hasn’t even come out yet.
It was…actually really cool. Except for the Jefferson thing, he mostly just let her talk without interrupting her to voice his opinion on something. And having him tell her things, obviously omitting inappropriate stuff…like how truly repulsive this Stone guy was.
Now that James had baseball practice after school, he was able to use more free time to smoke his brains out. Cause when he did, he didn’t have anxiety attacks or flashbacks. He just got to zone out, usually listening to music and eating junk food.
“¿Porque no los dos?” Steve asked this absolutely ridiculously adorable child to clarify. The boy shook his head vigorously before cheering at the prospect of so many sweets.
Most of the Avengers were there to congratulate him, as well as Ned and MJ from school. He hadn't realized that Emerson was video chatting with Shuri - so she could watch from the other side of the world. All telling him how happy and excited they were for him.
“Oh you traitorous snake!” Tony cried in outrage as Steve helped the baby rinse off. “Daci do you want to help me get a snack ready and leave these traitors to clean up?” Daci looked back and forth between the men before speaking quietly.
“Still can’t believe you’ve been drugging me all this time. And with kale of all things!” his man said in fake offense, evident by the man’s blush.
But since she was also a Stark, she couldn’t let her vulnerability slide without making a sarcastic comment to save face.
However, those thoughts were interrupted when she suddenly grabbed his face before pulling him into a fierce hug. She hugged him so tightly he actually felt the air leave his lungs. She continued crying while she clung to him as the genius shifted them more comfortably on the bed – and to allow himself to actually breathe in her iron grip.
She sighs heavily for the third time before her blonde father slams the spatula down on the counter and turns to her abruptly. He had been making breakfast and paused to look at her in annoyance and with zero empathy.
“Has the word ‘blessed’ changed since the ‘20s?” his Pop asked the three teenagers, who laughed along with him, earning a squint from his husband.
“I don’t believe we’ve met,” she heard him say with an anger that made her shiver, “I’m one of her faggot fathers,” he said stomping his combat boot onto the injured hand, eliciting more screams from the dying animal. “The genius standing over there, the one who did this little number to what’s left of your hand?” he asked as he squatted down and pushed more weight onto the broken limb. “That’s her other faggot father, who made me promise not to rip your heart out in front of our baby girl.” He straightened back up as he sported a confused expression. “You know,” he continued with hands on his hips, “I feel like I should in some ways thank you, for giving us that perfect girl right there,” nodding at Emerson. “But unfortunately,” he said smiling back down at the suffering man, “my friend has already called dibs.” Steve raised his index finger to his ear to access his comms.
"Of course we do, we're still human after all," he said gently tucking the boy in to Steve's side of the bed. "Well, most of us anyway," he said with a smile as he leaned down to kiss Mile's cheek again, laughing a little at the boy's giggles. He then moved around to his side of the bed, kicking his sweatpants off to sleep in his shirt and boxers. He climbed in to cuddle next to his youngest before remembering something else.
“Oh jeez, I genuinely thought I was going to have a meltdown all over again! That was the quickest diffusion ever. Well done, Cap-i-ton,” she joked in a rhyme. Steve could still see the smile in her eyes as she said it. She continued laying on her back, her knees brought up to take some of the pressure off her bottom.
