Dean’s hand began to flex in Cas’s hair, applying a pleasant, desperate pressure that signaled to him to get in position. He moved forward just a small amount to get Dean more secured in his mouth just as Dean came. His hips wanted to snap again, but Cas held them still.
“Yep,” Gabriel confirmed. “There’s nothing this guy can really do to stop them. If Zachariah and Michael merge companies then—”
All you’re left with is the ringing in your ears because silence wasn’t actually silent, the fact that you never got to say goodbye, and you couldn’t process their final words fast enough to tell them that yes, you love them too, and “please don’t leave me”.
because then maybe he could calm himself down. Maybe the thoughts that lingered too much on Dean would fade a little once Cas was more exposed to this life he had kept at arm's length for so long.
The other fitting room tryst was a one-off, never to happen again in the four years since. They were just getting to know each other like that, just crossed that threshold only a few months prior—
Sighing, Cas placed the bottle next to the cap on the windowsill then moved over Dean, resting on his forearms. Even if they stayed like this, Cas would have been happy. Just pressed against Dean felt like a place to be, felt right.
You had been presented with opportunities before, but the insecurities took hold and you just kept saying “next time” or “later”. It’s easier to say “next time” or “later” or convince yourself it wasn’t important.
He opened up a group chat, about to yell at whichever one of them sent the photo, but stopped. He swiped back to the text log with Cas, looking at the photo again. With the angle it had been taken at, with his shorts and his leg up—Dean had seen photos like these before, but usually had to pay for them and the person in them had
Cas ran a thumb, the only truly free finger on his hand, all over, pressing down in some areas more than others. When he dragged it over the top, Dean snapped right back to where he was before Cas had lifted off of him.
Dean remembered the fire in Michael’s eyes when he got in Dean’s face, and the fury when Benny shoved him back into the table, causing him to fall.
“Dean,” Cas said, attempting a serious tone but when Dean glanced up back into the mirror he saw a small smile, “Do you want to draw or—?”
Cas had gone through his entire room, not even filling up both suitcases. He had already started to slim down his belongings over the years, expected to live a simple life had he been ordained.
“You too.” The real words he wanted to say sat at the tip of his tongue and he kept his mouth closed as Dean pulled Cas in even closer, drifting off to sleep.
Cas hummed in response but said nothing as he took Dean’s hand, pulling it over to him and placing it on his chest. Dean held still, resting his hand there and feeling Cas’s heart under his palm.
They hadn’t been as candid over text as they had been at the cookout, but it was still something Cas looked forward to throughout the day. Any panic Cas had the morning after the cookout, fearful he overshared, had been dashed when Dean had texted him that morning after.
Staying still, buried as far as he could go, Dean placed his hands on Cas’s sides for balance. The grips on the tub’s floor were still there but the gaps between them large enough where he’d slide if he went too fast.
He sat on his favorite chair while two officers sat opposite him, writing things down on a clipboard as he spoke.
“Good,” Cas mumbled, moving his forearms from the corner window sills to press down on the bathtub ledge for his own stability.
“Well, I can’t name that one Paradise Hills if I already named that other one Paradise Hills,” Cas explained, keeping his voice light. The same butterflies that struck him Sunday night had returned.
Swallowing hard, Dean reached for the homemade sauce and drizzled it on to make himself look busy. The last thing he needed was for this guy to think Dean was some creepy dude who only invited him to a cookout to—
Moving back once more, Cas knew Dean was close. Legs tensing, hand on Cas’s head shaking a little — Cas concentrated on that sensitive spot that would finish the job, the quick switch to get Dean off fast.
Dean pressed into Cas and kissed him with barely restrained desperation as Cas’s hands fumbled. He tried to unbutton and unzip Dean’s fly but his fingers didn’t want to work anymore. Every ounce of brainpower he had focused squarely on Dean’s lips.
“Not to them you don’t,” Michael ordered, standing up and bracing himself against the table with his hands. “They are everything wrong with this town and I am this close to getting the last of them out.”
“I mean, Garth and Bess are married, right?” Jack continued, “And they have children, and Garth one year told me how much he changed from how he used to be before he got married. He seemed happy about it but—”
His hand shook as he tried to plug the phone into the charger, hoping it didn’t take forever to charge, praying it still worked. He needed verbal confirmation Cas was okay. When Dean had listened to the garbled voice mail again, it sounded like Cas was already in action, probably leaving as soon as he hung up—but unease stuck with Dean, reminding him that if Michael was willing to rough him up in public over this, what would he have done in private.
“I don’t know what happened, but I guess—I guess a couple thousand dollars in a book and a few other items were taken from your house. Your dad and Michael blamed
But they were known as a good, hard-working Catholic family with Catholic values of honesty and integrity. That image shattered with each and every sibling dealing their own blow.
It didn’t reach his eyes, just like Hannah’s earlier, and he looked a little paler than usual. Cas frowned as he unbuckled himself and got out of the car.
“Those three brighter ones,” Dean pointed in front of him. “What’s that called? I thought I remembered but I can’t put a finger on it.”
Cas explained to Dean that he had some money tucked away in his own personal account, his “don’t touch me” account.
“Castiel are you in here?” Michael’s voice floated into the room as he closed in on the kitchen. Dean froze as Castiel walked over.
The emotional ride of the day was finally nearing its end, but with it came the overwhelming resurgence of all the conjoined emotions. Dean closed his eyes briefly to keep it together.
The two continued to talk as Benny felt the earth move away from him, their voices growing faint, distant.
“Yeah, well—“ Cas paused, “I had an off day. But I wouldn’t mind just going out and doing something tonight.”
Sometimes he mumbled Cas’s name, other times it was a soft sigh. His breathing still stuttered every time Cas went back in, and it all mixed together in Cas’s head.
The doctor gave Cas a once over before walking over to deposit the clipboard in a bin at the end of Dean’s bed. Neither he nor the nurse said anything as they exited the room, closing the door behind them.
They also learned that despite it being Maine, north, and close to Canada, the area could still get hot as hell summer days, but this time with an added humidity that Kansas just wasn’t used to. They had no air conditioner, and to keep costs low, they kept it that way. On those insufferable days, they took long swims in the ocean by day and clinked bottles, celebrating what they had, by evening.
Now Cas had to come up with a convincing lie—something he’s failed at spectacularly over the last few weeks.
“I parked like, three streets away so I don’t think Michael will see my car,” Dean said as Cas approached, reading his face.
Cas wanted to say it so badly and the words had almost escaped him at that moment. To give his mouth something else to do, Cas placed soft kisses on the back of Dean’s neck.
“I’m sorry, but no,” Cas grimaced, throwing the bag over his shoulder. “But, I do think it’s a good idea if you left. Let’s everyone breathe a little.”
Just like when Michael said Dean had beat him up, just like when Lee lied to Cas saying Dean had changed his mind—Cas was missing a piece of the puzzle.
They finished their ice cream as the conversation dissolved into Star Wars again, having put on a movie marathon earlier in the afternoon while everyone enjoyed their Christmas presents, particularly Jack who got a pretty intricate replica of Luke’s green lightsaber. Cas sat and listened as Jack and Dean laughed, engaging in a heavy debate on whether Han Solo was, in fact, a Jedi before moving off to talk about one of the follow up TV shows.
Sitting there, the first reaction may be to replay what had just happened in your head; trying to recount your loved one’s last moments in front of you; trying to sear that memory into your brain so you don’t forget it though you know eventually over time, you will.
dared Cas to come down and get it from him, face to face. He wanted to see the smile up close to replace the image of Cas appearing dejected in the car.
“But like—how did you know it was going to work?” Dean asked, picking at a spot on the sofa. “You didn’t have that much money and she would have gotten cut off by her parents. How did you know you two were gonna, you know—stick with it?”
Cas almost shot to his feet once Michael said the names. He knew where this was going. Michael and Lucas had laughed about it before, when another family came to town, looking to try and overtake the local real estate and business environment. “
“Hang onto this end of the belt while I fit it okay?” Dean instructed. Reynolds nodded and held still, watching Dean work. There was no contempt in the man’s stare anymore, just careful caution, watching Dean’s every move.
The first year they couldn’t keep their hands to themselves, they resorted to a quick something in a small crop of woods on the other side of the fairgrounds by the expo building.
He slammed on the brakes, stopping in the middle of the road. Joshua had never sounded like that before.
Feeling more relaxed (and wondering just how much alcohol was in the drink where only two sips dulled his nerves), Cas turned in his chair to also face the dance floor.
“We still had to get Jack up here,” Cas countered, glancing behind him as Jack slept in the backseat.
Somehow, Dean had managed to be a jackass, smartass, and dumbass all in one shot. Things that had been building between them for a couple weeks at that point started to spill out: He accused her of not caring about their future, she accused him of not thinking they were ever going to have a future, he denied that, and she denied his accusation, but it didn’t end there.
“Burned wings meant you weren’t coming back. I know how the rules work,” Dean explained, trying to stave off the memory of those markings when he went to lift Cas off the ground.
What eventually did Dean in was him deciding to experiment, running just one finger over Cas, both of them highly sensitive at this point, and hearing a soft “Fuck” coming from that mouth.
It wasn’t as if Cas was completely exposed while kneeling, but Dean didn’t need to see everything. He could appreciate the easy way Cas stretched before him, the lines of muscles from his lower back up to his shoulders and arms—leaning forward slightly so his hips tilted back to Dean for access, just beneath the water’s surface—
“And it’s not like I want to force anyone into a relationship, but in this current situation, it’s frustrating. I don’t know what to do. And I don’t want to be with someone who is uncomfortable being with me.”
“I just—I mean I told you that because I wanted you to kinda understand where—not where I’m coming from but just what’s…” Dean trailed off, looking frustrated. “It’s all so new to me. I hadn’t done anything with any guy since then, and those were just text messages—and I never thought of a future with someone in general, especially after my dad died.”
She looked back over her shoulder and nodded, “Yes, it is. I’m assuming you heard about the incident last night. Have they caught the man?”
Michael held up a hand and Cas quieted. Talking about Zachariah remained hard. Michael’s face when he had met Cas at the police barracks, getting a rundown on what happened, told Cas that there had been something more sinister at play than just “I want to bulldoze land so I can build something.”
“Honey, it’s too big,” Nathan called out. Dean removed a hand from the wall and covered his mouth before laughter escaped. Turning to the mirror, he caught Cas' eye and smiled.
Cas, nerves building all Saturday morning, relaxed as he pulled into the driveway and saw Dean pulling bags of ice out of his trunk. The house on the south side of town, like all others around him,  was small in stature with one story, with some shingles out of place, and not a whole lot of square footage.
It was a future neither of them once thought would be possible. It was hard for them to even look back at a time before they met each other and remember what life was like.
As Castiel opened the door, excitement rose in Dean, astonished the guy actually showed. He never texted Dean in the two days between them meeting in the store, and Dean assumed Castiel wouldn’t be coming.
hot, and he’d stay there for maybe an hour before calling it quits for the night and declaring it a failed experiment.
Just how he had concluded earlier while walking back from the church, all roads lead to Michael. Cas didn’t allow himself to think the accusation in full, choosing to keep it in the back of his head—but a part of him had started to wonder if Michael was the one who shot Dean.
Cas had decided, with their first, tentative kiss against the door, where he wanted their relationship to go. But it all rested on Dean’s shoulders as to where they went from there.
you like it?” Dean asked, words hot in Cas’s ear. Cas nodded, half-aware of his movement. Dean began to pick up the pace.
Dean let out a low whistle, “Well, it may not seem like a lot to you, but you ask anyone else in this town and they’d fall to their knees and praise Jesus they got that kind of cash.”
Anger flared in Dean as he looked down at the old phone, seeing the time. He swore, realizing if Cas had left earlier, he would best Dean by at least an hour and get to the cabin first, not see Dean, and probably panic.
“It’s just—It’s something you confide with people in,” Sam started, “Especially people who always wanted something like this for you but had to hear for
Dean pressed himself against Cas, cupping his face in his hands. Cas could feel the cold of the ring against his cheek as they met for a deep kiss, trying to release just a little bit of the rising heat for now. Anything to ease up the pressure Cas imagined would be increasing throughout the day. He knew now would be one of several stolen moments taken throughout the day to keep themselves in check.
“Tombstone” wasn’t a difficult movie to understand, but Dean found himself explaining left and right certain aspects of it, bullshitting in other areas. Not like he minded. Cas seemed interested in the movie, unlike Sam when Dean tried to get him to watch years ago.
Things looked different on the ground versus how Cas originally came into the area — and at night, with his eyesight now nothing special, things did look exceptionally foreign — but he still knew where to go.
At first, he didn’t think Cas would tell him. There had been nights where they had to gently coax it out of each other with the reminder that holding whatever it was inside of them did nothing to alleviate their pain. They had shared horrific, terrifying, excruciating experiences and they weren’t burdening each other with anything. It was another reminder that came from time to time.
“Hello Benny, this is Cas. Just wondering if you have heard from Dean recently? I’ve been trying to contact him tonight with no luck. You can call me back at this number at any time. Thank you,” he said in a rush, ending awkward.
Dean reached over and turned the radio off completely, leaving them in the dark, in complete silence sans the car engine, and without anything else to focus on other than the inevitable “goodbye”.
“That’s a question for the police, I’m just doing as I’m told. They’ll be back shortly,” the doctor said, looking down at a clipboard. “Dean’s going to be in pain for a while, even after discharge. His collarbone was shattered and we had to…”
“What did you major in at Notre Dame?” Dean asked casually, not knowing much of anything about college. “I heard that was a good school.”
“Cas are—there? Surgery—lungs,” Joshua asked. Cas could barely hear him over the nighttime chatter from nearby creatures and insects.
It wasn’t until it got low enough that Dean even realized how hard he had gotten in the time since they’d gotten into the room. Cas made sure to skip over any chance of giving Dean some kind of satisfaction as he continued to work, and Dean bit back the frustrated groan that almost escaped.
And he himself had been thinking about a future with Dean, knowing each of them for the same amount of time.
Dean had to help Cas home that night, and the rest of their relationship fell into place from there.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, rushed, “I didn’t mean to—you know I guess what I was trying to say was—honestly I don’t know what I was trying to say.”
Heart beating a mile a minute, Cas took a few unsteady steps over to the couch. He collapsed onto it, staring off into space as Zachariah’s threat echoed in his head.
“Do you want to tell everyone tomorrow after breakfast?” Dean asked, breaking away just far enough to ask the question.
Victory’s own center resided further inland and was just a fraction of the population of Worthington, standing with just over a thousand residents. It felt remote, but not isolating, and it was only a half-hour ride into Bar Harbor if they wanted to go out to eat.
It wasn’t the smoothest of confessions but Dean still said it, and most of all it was the first time he ever said it, out loud, to anyone, ever—on his own.
They knew they had a limited amount of time. Even hidden between the trailers, anyone could stumble across them. However, thankfully, no one was at this end of the fairgrounds.
He had braced himself for the impact, but it hadn’t helped once she sat him down and informed him of a new job offer at the Denver Post. In Dean’s head, for some reason, he figured even if she moved away it would be to Kansas City or something nearby. Not all the way to Colorado.
Never had Cas been greeted that fondly by anyone, be it his own family or a stranger, and while surreal, Cas soaked in as much as he could.
“I won’t, I think, ever understand that dynamic. I wasn’t here enough growing up, I never heard many of the stories—,” Cas hesitated, glancing at the grandfather clock in the corner. He had to get back. “Dean wondered as well. He told me that he pushed you a lot and that maybe none of this would have happened if he hadn’t just left you—this family, alone.”
Cas’s voice brought Dean back out of his thoughts as he spaced out, holding a basket of snacks in the kitchen. Everyone had crowded into the TV den to throw a Christmas movie on before dinner, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
When he closed the garden gate door, leaving it unlocked, Cas buzzed with excitement, eager to get going now—just follow Dean back to his car and leave now. He had a mission now, a purpose, a goal—a path again.
As soon as Dean finished talking, he heard a thump over the phone and a light turn on in a window near the back of the house on the second floor.
The panic multiplied on itself when Dean tried to distract himself, not understanding what caused the initial spark to begin with.
There were no distractions or places to hide out in a field, in a truck—no crowds of people, no locked hotel room door with the bass pounding from a nearby room, no friends around to talk to them and interrupt them—
“I’m home for the rest of the day,” Michael stated, turning away from the phone. “Zachariah is coming over in a few hours to discuss… plans.”
Cas smiled at the offer. He understood why Dean made it, and knew the apprehension must have been visible on his face. The darkness itself around them already stirred up a small amount of anxiety inside Cas, and going into the barn, seeing the walls he last saw while trapped in the Empty, only helped to spread the uneasiness throughout his body.
Dean paused, looking at himself in the mirror with the jacket half off, the warmth escaping with it. Not only did they ruin it with some of the sequins now missing or bent, but Cas' face when Dean wore it—
Benny finished his last drink, wishing it numbed him up just a little more, still trying to shake the adrenaline of earlier off. He still couldn’t believe he shoved Michael into a table and knew there would most likely be repercussions. Benny expected cops to show up at his house tomorrow morning, ready to arrest him for assault.
They both fell back into an uncomfortable silence. The unpleasantries were out, one two and three, and it soured the entire afternoon.
The hope lasted as long as it possibly could, but decision after decision led to what Castiel figured to be the second worse outcome for them all.
“Don’t fall asleep in the tub,” Cas said in Dean’s ear, amusement lacing his words, “You’ll get pruney and drown.”
Dean’s eyes stopped on the jewelry store across the way, sitting on another corner with its large, tinted windows spanning the entire shop. There were several people in there, helped by the workers, but one of the shoppers looked familiar.
Michael, seemingly satisfied, sat down at one of the tables near the window, putting his face in his hands.
“They really do own the entire town,” Cas finished for Gabriel, feeling nausea rise inside him as Gabriel made a noise of agreement. “He won’t be able to live here.”
“Sure,” Gabriel said, “But Michael will put the pressure of the town on him. He’d give in eventually. That’s why Michael is so gung-ho on obtaining those permits. And, once he did, and you and this Hannah girl hitch up, that’s more problems for that kid.”
Dean thought about it for a minute, recalling his own doubts about his interest in Cas, wondering if it was just because he was the only available guy in town or if Dean really was attracted to—
Cas sighed and turned his car off, taking his coffee with him as he opened the door, stepping out into the heat and humidity of the early morning.
Cas glanced down at his hand again, then over to Dean’s, unable to look away from the rings that were so small but that symbolized so much they wanted to say to the world.
Each choked off moan or gasp drove Dean closer and closer; he could feel that tension reaching its limits. Dean was so close, very close, and judging by Cas, who was beginning to move off rhythm, he was close too. Which was fine. They had all night to go again, and again, and—
“Jack saw you at the store yesterday,” Michael had said, looking over some work on the dining room table and his laptop open.
“I don’t understand why you can’t just say no,” Dean eventually said, running through scenarios in his head.
“Is that a real question?,” Dean answered before brushing his lips against Cas’s, still playing. He reached back and guided Cas’s hand further down to where it really needed to go.
But he too felt the exhaustion, energy all but spent in the afternoon sun and now in bed. His limbs grew heavy and he crawled over to the left side of the bed as Dean moved to make room for him.
“Yeah, I mean, doesn’t bother me. Love is love, you know?” He wanted to kick himself for the cliche in lieu of a deep, profound answer.
“Please get up here,” Dean corrected himself. Cas smiled at Dean’s shaky voice as he wiped the back of his hand over his mouth.
“Impatient?” Dean asked, drawing away, the smile evident in his tone. He shifted until he could reach over to the bedside table.
It had taken most of the following day for Cas to gently remind Dean that even with the hardships, what they had was something good and special and that pining after something so far away distracts from the now. He used several methods to calm Dean down, most of which included staying in bed for that Sunday, not having to worry about much of anything at all. And it worked.
Cas knew to keep his mouth shut around thinking people. He found that out in Catholic school at a very young age and at home. It was valuable information that wouldn’t get you in trouble or punished.
Cas only needed a moment to think about it before standing, pulled out his wallet, and threw some dollar bills down on the table.
And that itself was worth celebrating. That was something worth being loud over and showing to the world. That was worth everything in the world.
In a flash, Dean could feel the fire ignite in his face, racing throughout the rest of his body. His heart rate picked up so quick, a dull ringing began in his ears as he looked down at the jacket rack in front of him, absentmindedly picking at a random tag.
There were times the words had almost spilled out of his mouth the week and a half he stayed at the hospital,
Hannah shrugged again, finishing her ice cream cone, “Because there’s nothing you can do about it, so why burden you with my problems?”
“I don’t think it’s the right time to do that,” Cas said, voice getting louder. He hated shouting, but Michael wasn’t getting the message so perhaps volume would work.
Heat surged to Dean’s face as he followed Cas up the stairs, holding onto the railing with his free hand.
The look troubled Dean as much as it did when he left last Saturday, wondering if he had caused more problems for Castiel by him being there. Normally, Dean wouldn’t have been embarrassed or ashamed that he was kicked out of a place where he wasn’t supposed to be. His usual plan of action was to lift his chin and laugh his way out. If embarrassment and shame came afterward, he kept it to himself and ignored it until it dissolved completely.
need his wallet—Dean didn’t know when his next date was. But Dean could just call it quits and head back to his car and call Cas until he eventually picked up the phone—
As time went on, and the clock moved steadily more to midnight, an overwhelming sense of failure washed over him. He had really thought things were going to be okay.
“Those look like butt plugs,” Dean supplied, voice low even though the only other people in the building were two aisles away.
The sirens had long since gone and Dean was sure he’d be in the clear—but cops could be stealthy if they were really after you.
Dean continued downward, placing soft kisses on his throat again, down, down, down. Each one created lazy tendrils of fire that moved with Dean as he moved slow and steady over Cas’s collarbone again, his chest, stomach, and—
Unable to help himself, Cas moved forward and kissed Dean, deep and explorative, trying to uncover whatever magic Dean had inside that mouth.
“But I’m also a big supporter of the notion that some people are worth waiting for,” Joshua said, still watching Cas who now just hit the dirt absentmindedly. Cas couldn’t wait—that was the problem.
Dean left the curtain open with his water pressure not heavy enough to cause a mess. The room filled with hot and heavy steam that mixed with the sweet summer evening air filtering through the open window.
The two talked as well as they could over the noise, but mostly just sat and enjoyed each other’s company, which Dean was grateful for. He wasn’t sure how long he could keep his composure every time Cas leaned in close to say something. Their closeness made it hard for Dean to focus on why he came to the club for the first place. Eventually, he forgot his main goal entirely.
A small, stifled whine escaped from him as he leaned into the wall, needing the support, up as the wave crashed over him. Cas let go of Dean’s hip and wound an arm around his front as he moved a fraction inward, pressing more against Dean, hips moving in minute circles as he turned his head back from the mirror and pressed his mouth against the jacket—Dean felt, rather than heard, a muffled groan and a sharp inhale.
Cas pushed back the melancholy to focus. The heavy summer air encased them, sequestering them in their own little world where they were allowed to be themselves with no barriers or restraints. They only existed in this room.
“I swear, one of these people left their Bently with us and just hung around the entire time,” Dean explained. “I know they just want to sit outside the garage and watch us work to make sure we don’t screw anything up otherwise it’s ‘Lawsuit!’ or something. Anything to get more money.”
That pushed Dean over the edge, almost painfully, with a sharp inhale and then a deep groan as he forced himself to keep his eyes open, watching. Cas came half a second after, gasping for air. He closed his eyes for just a moment before trying to keep them open as well, both mesmerized by the scene.
“The truth is that I’m… I don’t know the word for it but I sometimes also find men pretty attractive.”
He didn’t know how to balance a checkbook, didn’t even remember his social security number. He had one bank account, untouched, but no idea if it could get him by. He didn’t know what products to use to clean a bathroom, didn’t know how to cook at all, and was overall useless when it came to ensuring his survival without housekeepers, Michael, and the family’s deep pockets.
Men and women ablaze in glitter, sequins, and rainbows walked around him. Many, if not all, were all smiling and laughing. Some pulled children, equally decorated in rainbows and sequins, along in plastic wagons adorned with various flags. Cas didn’t even know there were so many flags — he only knew the rainbow one and the tri-color one Dean usually painted on his face for the day. Theoretically, he knew of more, just due to their friends, but he never really saw other flags in his day-to-day.
All reactions to sudden grief happen almost all at once. When you catch your breath and wipe your tears and try to gather yourself, you have the false belief that you are in the clear. You can keep yourself composed.
“It wasn’t interesting at all,” Castiel said, ignoring the sandwich and eating another chip. “It's like being at Mass for eight years and never getting a break.”
“Thank you, doctor, I’ll take it from here,” The trooper said, nodding her head toward the door. The doctor gave a little nod and left the room.
Cas knew the conversation would only lead to more frustrations and anger. He didn’t want to elaborate anymore. He just wanted to sit there quietly until maybe Dean got sick of him and kicked him out of the pool.
“Wait, wait. He’s trying to get you to marry some girl—for what? He has two boys in school to carry on the name or whatever it was that Michael’s always bitching about.”
The first time, it was an accident; the second time, Cas didn’t do it as hard just to see where Dean’s threshold was; the third time, as Dean took him in again, he clenched his fists and tugged just enough to draw a moan from deep inside Dean. The sensation completely wiped everything from Cas’s head as he couldn’t help but rock his hips up a little.
But his mind provided plenty of images of maybe that night, his own hands moving across it as Cas wound up being the one gasping—
Dean decided as he slowly pressed himself into Cas, smiling at the deep, satisfied groan Cas rewarded him with, that a few aches and pains were worth it for the weekend they had ahead of them—and it certainly wasn’t going to stop him from any encore performances later in the day. Not when those little gasps and moans from Cas were so delightful to hear.
It stays unbroken and tugs you in the direction needed to see them again, even if it’s to a place you can’t go.
Dean reacted immediately with a gasp, hooded eyes now wide and aware—and when Cas did it again, to make sure he got the right spot, Dean cried out swear words and Cas’s name, tensing up every time Cas moved in and out. They moved at a more steady pace and the mood shifted from hesitancy and slow exploration to urgent and desperate.
Being loud was grand in theory, but, once upon a time they were too scared to even whisper. They didn’t know how to shout. That was the whole point of the rings, for Cas at least. It could do the shouting for them.
Suddenly, in the blink of an eye, Cas pushed himself up and off of Dean, leaving him blanketed with cold hotel room air. Confusion took over as Dean tried to regain focus.
Cas shifted on the couch and took his phone back out, reading through the text messages again, wanting to get some of that happy feeling back.
Over the last several days, it became painfully clear that speaking with Hannah would be a difficult thing to do. It wasn’t that she had an annoying voice or speech pattern, but just had no stories or no interesting facts about her that Cas could enjoy listening to. Her life sounded devoid of any color, just like his own.
“So—are you gonna be around here or—?” Dean asked, trying to remember what Catholic churches were around.
They both lapsed into silence and Cas rewound his words in his head, making sure he covered all the points he wanted to.
In a daze, Cas stood, phone still in hand, and went back into the church. He walked down the aisle, his mind working a mile a minute, trying to process what Lee had said.
That sealed the deal and Lee and Benny eventually shut up, though Dean knew they still had a slew of arguments waiting to go. With the way they were used to Dean talking about the Charlestons, witnessing Dean’s family interact with the Charlestons, he imagined they were keeping his best interests at heart.
He waited to hear Cas’s response, and in the dark, highlighted by moonlight, Dean could see Cas staring straight at him with an intensity that trapped him in his seat.
The worn down, abandoned structure a quarter of a mile south from the roadhouse didn't stick in Dean’s mind that much early on. He used it as daydream fodder,
“Alright, let’s get down to brass tax here,” Zachariah said after he and Michael dappled in some light talk for a few minutes.
But the thought still came to Dean from time to time, though less frequently as their lives together continued: “Why me?”
Dean finally pulled over at the entrance of Cas’s street. The Charleston’s home was the only house on the culdesac and from a distance, it looked like only the front entryway had a light on. Michael was most likely asleep.
Three days into the investigation, after authorities were authorized a search warrant on Zachariah’s house, they had found dozens of guns with their serial numbers sanded off locked in a chest in the basement with plans on his computer, uncoded messages of an arms trafficking ring Zachariah had been trying to build as one long line across the country, set in a series of strip malls and realtor offices.
The imaginary situation wanted to replace a faceless man with Cas, launching internal panic in Dean.
“If he can’t get out, he can’t get out,” he said. The whole mission felt like a farce. “And if he can’t get out, then maybe they’ll reconsider using him for help.”
Castiel smiled as he grabbed a small carton of milk. Dean reached over and grabbed one too though he didn’t need it, just to do something during the awkward moment of silence that started to creep into their conversation.
Dean was unarguably the only interesting person at that party that day, and it was hard for Cas not to keep his mind on him while escorting Hannah down to the pond.
Cas shook his head as he looked back up, pulling Dean into a deep kiss that sent fire shooting throughout Dean’s entire body for the first time in what felt like an eternity.
And as soon as Cas landed back home, Michael had another plan to keep him shut out, silent, and unloved some more.
There were two pictures of Dean, one of them had to have been taken by Benny or Lee as Dean was cannonballing off a dock and into the water. Another one was a rather large fish that Dean said he caught that morning with hardly any gear and that it was nearly “impossible to do”.
“Cas stayed over last night,” Dean said, keeping his voice low as someone shuffled into the booth behind him.
“When the time is right, I think you and Dean should have a long talk,” he said, stopping before he got to the hall. “Not right now, not any time soon—but someday. Get this off both your consciences. You both suffered, and there’s no reason to keep it going.”
It was Dean’s fifth time at South Hill in the last year, and as he shimmied open the lock, he remained amazed no one had put more security on the property. The damage Dean did wasn’t enough for a felony charge, he hoped, but he figured each time he visited there’d be something new to dodge. But, time after time, the journey remained the same.
Castiel spoke most in the beginning with Dean asking the questions. His brain kept firing them off with the realization this guy was almost the polar opposite of everyone else in Dean’s orbit.
Dean reached for another jacket and slipped it on, a heavier blue one with embroidery. Despite having little else on, the heat rising in Dean became almost too much with the heavier jacket on, contrasting to the cooler air around him. His face in the mirror looked pinker than just a couple of minutes prior.
But as he reached for his phone, he saw a few text messages from Dean who said he had taken a trip to a lake house a little west of town.
The panic he had managed to dampen moments before began to rear its ugly head again. He moved back down the hall, heart beating a mile a minute, checking his phone to see if Cas had texted back.
He looked up and saw Cas nearby, frowning as he looked farther down the highway. It was the combination of the hat, the coat even though it was hot as shit outside, and that all-to-familiar expression that made Dean automatically take out his phone. Before Cas could turn or even realize what was happening,
They continued down the aisles together all the way to the check out line, chatting about town things especially given Castiel was never around. For Dean, it felt like a whole new world opened up to him. A friendly Charleston, a Charleston that didn’t despise him, a Charleston that wasn’t out to ruin his life. Dean’s world flipped with this one person but it was exciting to see something that changed things up.
For a while, he sat there, not able to take his eyes off of where they both had been sleeping that morning, his brain was trying to process everything and yet nothing at the same time.
This night, he had brought with him some honey to attract some ants to the carpet and super glue for the utensils (not all of them, Dean decided. Just enough where they’d have to go around and check each and every one). He loosened the screws on some of the wooden chairs and carved more crude pictures on the underside of said chairs.
Cas didn’t move but Dean felt the weight of his stare as he slid the plain black jacket on, the satin inside the sleeves cool against his skin. He turned to the mirror, but instead of looking at himself, he kept the smirk on his face as he watched Cas' face, eyes growing a little darker, not meeting Dean’s gaze but raking up and down whatever skin remained exposed.
But Cas kept his mouth shut and began walking down the sidewalk, slow at first so Dean could catch up beside him.
“Uh… yeah, can you get the buns ready on some plates?” Dean asked, clearing his throat and looking back down at the grill. He didn’t really need help with that, but Dean suddenly, and selfishly, wanted Cas to stay there instead of going back to the group.
“She knows that we wanted to introduce you two, but no, she doesn’t know that it was for the end result to be marriage, and if you say anything to her—“
When Dean tried closing his eyes, the flickering remained, except the image was not of the two figures at the table with the computer, but the pyre as it burned bright and hot, sealing the permanence of what had happened.
Cas watched as Dean kicked off the heavy comforter to crumple on the floor beside the bed. They wouldn’t need it to keep warm that night.
Pushing everything aside, pretending he was a normal man in a normal situation, the fact was that Cas really liked Dean, and was certain Dean returned that feeling to some degree.
Standing there alone in his driveway with the crickets and cicadas, Dean’s sleep-deprived brain tried to catch up to everything that happened in the last twelve hours.
Dean kept trying to draw Cas in closer to him somehow like they would melt together—which Cas didn’t rule out as a possibility. He wished he could get closer, wished there was more—
Cas shrugged but stayed silent as he pulled two more jackets off the rack. They too were embellished but not to the extent of the sequined one.
It had been a year, an amazing one, but Dean didn’t know the rules when it came to this side of the dating spectrum.
But all that could wait a few days, Cas had reminded Dean as they packed for the trip. They have yet to miss the Sioux Empire Fair.  The only time Cas didn’t go was the very first time Dean, Sam, and Eileen went with Jack a month before Cas came back.
They had gone on three more dates since the cookout, and after each one, Cas immediately texted Dean to fill him in on what had happened. It became the only way Cas could cope.
The fear laid in the shadows of Cas’s mind; the notion of Dean eventually calling quits and moving on to someone else. Cas didn’t think it would come down to lack of enthusiasm, but because Cas had too much baggage with his family, needed answers faster than Dean wanted to give them, and had such a tangled future that no sane person would volunteer to sift through.
This was their first big trip together. Completely alone in the middle of the woods with little to turn to for distraction or conversation.
The dark encircled Castiel once the doorway closed behind him, and he was left watching Dean, falling asleep under the stars.
Cas swallowed and glanced over to Dean, wishing he was awake to give his account of what happened to him. There were so many gaps in the story he couldn’t fill.
He was so close to graduating at that point so Cas finished his masters just to say he did. It didn’t produce any joy or feeling of satisfaction like his classmates and some nights, as he sat alone in his apartment packing up, it felt like he was holding an unbearable weight of lies in his hands.
Dean, who had been standing nearby, watching Cas’s reaction to it all, pointed over to the other side of the kitchen whose wall opened up to an equally dark living room with the shades drawn. Pushed against that wall was what was easily the most expensive thing in the kitchen: A hardwood and marble moveable island with extra kitchen gadgets below it. On top, a wooden cutting board and a knife block.
Castiel had gone into every detail Dean wanted to know, which made Dean wonder if this was the longest conversation Castiel had with anyone in a while as well.
Cas and Dean were coming up on their second fall season in northern New England, already having to rake the leaves out of the yard and start winter preparations. They learned the first time around just how fast it would start snowing and not stop until May.
Sleet tapped on the window in the early morning hours, joined by a gusty wind that whistled as it passed by the cabin, all signaling a miserable mid-February day ahead.
Cas sighed and put his phone on the passenger seat, staring down the road to the little bit of Dean’s house he could see through the trees.
Cas maneuvered Dean, pulling his hips away from the wall, causing Dean to bend over more—and so the mirror caught all the action. His breath left Dean as he watched Cas, without any hesitation, press right back into him, as if they had no interruption at all.
“Attractive as in just good-looking?” Cas asked, and Dean realized he didn’t go deep enough with his statement.
“You’re getting the hell out of this town, tonight,” Michael threatened in a low, vicious voice that only Dean could hear.
“I am spooked. I’m very much spooked,” Dean answered, tapping his fingers on his glass, not drinking any of its contents.
Cas the box and saw the inscription, the same exact one, on the underside, his smiling growing wide.
“Yeah. And it just was—you know how it was. You probably went through it too. It’s a lot of confusion.”
The texts were mostly photos. Cas sat on his bed and scrolled through them, feeling his breathing return to normal.
Dean’s thoughts drifted to the day ahead of them, planless with only a small tradition; a Valentine’s Day series of events that included take-out, some campy movie from the ‘80s, and binging on the holiday candy they stashed for a month.
Every day, at least three times a day, they reminded each other how much they loved each other either through words or actions.
All other times it was used as a snack closet, and it was closest to Gabriel’s room which meant it was almost constantly stocked up. The kitchen itself was small with slate tiles and a skylight that kept things well lit but also cool in the summer heat. Cas always liked it there.
“Food, yes. Not sure it’s quality enough to be called a ‘present’,” Castiel said, showing Dean the inside of the bag which contained a variety of chips and salsa.
“Dean—” Cas breathed, now feeling a tongue in place of lips, dragging itself up and down. His hips twitched involuntarily but didn’t go far as Dean continued holding them.
“My back is against the wall,” Cas eventually said, digging at the ground a little harder than needed.
The cabin and its surroundings filled with life in the daylight hours, even if the neighbors weren’t home that afternoon. Birds sang, cicadas tried to scream louder, and the sun played off the green leaves with every soft breeze. It felt like a completely different place than the other night.
Outside, they parted ways and Dean paused to watch Castiel pack up a black, older model Range Rover.
Cas wanted to say no, because he couldn’t imagine what his life over the last few weeks would have been like
“Well before you go I just wanted to say how happy I am about you and Hannah,” he stated, clapping Cas on the shoulder as another guest walked by them. After they passed, and before Cas could get out of his grasp, Zachariah pulled him into the adjacent tv den, closing the door.
“I don’t imagine you saw a lot of that in your upbringing,” Dean said, keeping his eyes on Cas’s face. That was one thing he wasn’t sure of, and it didn’t strike him until now that he should have probably gauged where Cas stood on certain things before inviting him.
Cas couldn’t tell exactly what the house looked like, but it didn’t matter. Every time things had gotten overwhelmingly bad for him in the years after, he would think about that house, what it must look like inside, and the peacefulness that came with listening to the waves roll in all day and night long.
The bartender walked up with a wide, friendly smile on his face, also dressed ordinary, asking Cas what he wanted.
Deep down, Dean already knew that his time, whether he liked it or not, was expiring in Worthington.
“I think she is a little bit—I don’t think she knows I’m supposed to propose in a little over a month though.”
“No lights?” Dean asked as he finished the last of the tinsel in his hand, glancing down into the box.
Cas waiting an extra moment to see if Dean would get it; he wasn’t going to prompt him. Dean frowned with thought, and Cas sighed, looking back up.
“I don’t know. He paid for it so I guess he could take it back whenever he wanted,” Hannah turned back to him, her smile strained. “He was never wild about me going to college.”
A chill ran over Cas as he realized the sheets and comforter had all been pushed down onto the floor. He couldn’t care enough to get up to retrieve them.
Not that Dean cared all that much; the benefit of living out in Nowheresville America was that if you didn’t want to see your neighbor often then you wouldn’t see your neighbor often.
Cas shook his head, “No, I suggested we come out here because you seemed to be struggling to find a quiet moment to do it.”
“If he’s this concerned about keeping the power struggle up then there must still be a Winchester there,” Gabriel said.
When he turned to his right, he saw where both pillows had been hastily thrown back into place. Dean reminded himself he had to wash the sheets that day.
They headed into the library where everyone else sat, the large Christmas tree and its hodge-podge of various decorations looming nearby. They chatted to each other while Garth’s youngests and Jack kept eyeing the numerous gifts piled under the tree.
and was rewarded with Dean coming shortly thereafter with a shout, tensing all around him, holding him close in every way possible and not letting go as they rode the wave out together.
Moving along down the aisle, he felt the heat from Dean right next to him. Cas wondered how far he could push the teasing. He wasn’t sure what got into them this year. Whenever they visited the fair, they’d casually and discreetly flirt, but managed to hold off jumping each other until they were secluded in the guest house but —
Cas knew Dean wanted a reason, but he couldn’t come up with a white lie that didn’t carry some form of guilt with it.
“I think you know that answer already,” Dean answered, looking Cas directly in the eyes, trying to see if there was any hesitancy on his part.
“I was nervous. We don’t get murders up here… I saw the man run off and was afraid he’d return if he thought I spilled the beans.”
Cas paused before looking over at Dean with a warm smile, “Let’s do it now. Been waiting all day for you to see your present.”
“That’s fine,” Dean said as he went back to work. Cas realized Dean may have taken it for just another comment, trying to be sexy.
“Shit, shit shit—” Dean mumbled to himself, pissed he couldn’t use his phone. It wasn’t like he could just drive to Cas’s house, and with how furious Michael was, Dean expected he couldn’t even part within several streets of that house without being caught.
“‘Kay,” Lee sighed, getting up from the table. Benny frowned as he left some bills on the table. Lee had been despondent the entire night when usually he’d be positively manic. He loved $5 drink Saturdays. Instead, he sat next to Benny the whole night, not saying much, not moving much.
Dean and Cas paused, arms full with boxes, and turned toward the man. Wispy thin and covered in heavy overalls and a plaid button-down, the man looked like he never smiled a day in his life.
And yet, every year since Cas had met Dean, he did. The previous three years, Dean had come home with bright eyes, a wide smile, and energy that still needed burning off which led to an active evening for the both of them.
Reynolds nodded, not looking happy with himself. Dean sighed and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder. He didn’t know what to say, but that was close enough.
“No, no that’s okay,” he said, trying to figure out his next move. Maybe he shouldn’t have been the one to do this first.
under his breath. Reaching back, he placed the cap on the windowsill by the end of the bed before realizing something.
But Dean also knew the other truth, the other side to that coin, the thing that made the questions lurking around his head perk up.
Cas hesitated, not wanting to burden Dean with even more stress and decisions to make. He wasn’t sure how much more their afternoon could take.
Dean took half a moment to run his hands up and down Cas’s sides, sliding to his back and then down again. He didn’t want to leave the warmth of Cas just yet, so he instead circled his hips slightly, placing another kiss on Cas’s shoulder while reaching around to grip his cock.
Cas only spoke three words but it took Dean’s brain half a second to catch up to what they meant. In an instant, they shattered whatever environment he had spent the last forty minutes building with this guy.
Anticipation fueled him, both of them, eager to learn how to break down the rest of the walls, and to keep moving forward.
Dean said nothing, eyes still closed, and Cas wondered if he just went right back to sleep. Instead, Dean eventually moved his hand to cup the back of Cas’s head and drew him in to a light, sleepy kiss, eyes still closed.
“Hey—hi,” Dean started, awkward and uncomfortable. The whole party made him feel small. He hated it. And the women who barely looked up from their phones didn’t help. But he pressed on in a rush. “I was wondering if you knew where Cassie Robinson was?”
Hannah remained quiet most of the time they walked but Cas didn’t care. Mentally, he still sat at that kitchen table with Dean and continued to talk about things that helped distract Cas from his world for a little while
Cas knew he probably shouldn’t have been the first one to do this. Dean was the one usually in Cas’s position, he probably had a built-in level of control.
He was almost at the cabin, not feeling even a modicum amount of tired, running on pure determination to find Dean.
“You didn’t seem to enjoy the place last night,” Dean said, taking slow laps around his kitchen just to move around.
“I met him at the party when I came home. Then he invited me to a cookout, and we talked, a lot, that’s when I—please don’t tell anyone I told you he likes—” Cas said suddenly, knowing Joshua wouldn’t but just in case.
That’d be getting your hands too dirty in a small town where other families wouldn’t mind taking the top spot right out of your hands.
“I really—I couldn’t go through the rest of my life with you not in it,” Dean explained, “And I’m sorry that I was too scared to acknowledge that. I should have said this last Sunday.”
But Cas had been called into the shelter for an emergency shift that morning after someone fell ill. He promised Dean he’d help when he got back just after lunchtime, only five hours, but Dean decided he’d try to get as much as he could done on his own so they could relax for the rest of the weekend.
The decision of what to do had started to become more clear to him, but lingering questions and doubts kept Cas confused.
Castiel had the ability to fight. It was a skill given to him that he had used judiciously many times—but against several others who were matched in every way, Castiel had no chance. He still fought, just to say that he did, but the battle had been lost before he took the first swing.
“I’m giving you fashion advice, calm down,” Cas responded with another smirk—Dean lived for those smirks when it wasn’t so damn frustrating sometimes—and finally gave up on the full amount of teasing, grabbing the boxers fully and giving a gentle tug in the right direction.
Cas couldn’t help the small smile that formed as he let his eyes wander, trying to focus on the photo to block out other depressing thoughts and worries.
Sam swallowed hard, looking down at the floor. The illusion of playful teasing began to evaporate in Dean watching the reaction. Usually Sam would have cracked a smile now in any other situation.
But this was different. This wasn’t carnal. Now, the spotlight on them was gone, allowing them to truly feel secluded and safe. Only they could see each other in these vulnerable moments, unjudged and unrestrained.
“Nah—I’m not sick, my AC’s been broken since last night and I probably just look like death,” Dean explained, walking toward him.
No, it wasn’t casual. Dean remembered how it was in that club—bodies pressed together, moving together, everyone eying each other like they were a prize to bring home to bed.
Leaning over, Cas  ripped the pillow off the velcro on his side of the tub, laying it on the floor in the water. He glanced back at Dean before turning his back entirely, kneeling on the pillow, putting his forearms up on the window sills.
Prayers answered, Cas sat back in his chair, trying to process Dean’s statement. He had to hear it again—just to make sure what Dean said was real.
Toweled off, they wandered into the living room to settle on the couch with the heat turned up and two blankets, not willing to put any clothes on now that they were off.
“Fantastic idea,” Dean had agreed, then glancing at both of his friends. “Do any of you have anything to wear?”
“You think you can outlast me?” Dean asked against Cas’s mouth, working his hand. He could almost feel Cas’s heart rate pick up.
Cas held his breath, hoping he’d get away with his lie. He expected a challenge from Michael but got none.
He asked as he finally managed to secure the proper amount of chocolate, looking up at Dean. Cas picked at his own ice cream, not hungry enough to eat as much as Dean and Jack. He still had nerves, and he didn’t know why.
As soon as Dean walked through the door he’d tried taking a cold shower to calm himself down, but that hadn’t worked one bit. In fact, it just amped him up even more. Giving up, and so as not to waste water, he’d thrown the shower off, grabbed a towel, and gone to his bedroom.
“We just came from here,” Dean mumbled as they strolled through the crowd back where they came from. When they came up alongside the side of the expo building Dean stopped.
But Cas figured if Hannah wanted to steer the boat, it was all hers. She probably had more dating experience than he did.
“Maybe you should just try on that last jacket now,” Cas murmured, sounding a little breathless himself.
“Maybe we should go talk somewhere else since, you know, people are trying to sleep,” Dean said, moving away from Sam, back down the hall to the kitchen. If he had to stay awake a little while longer then he wanted cookies or something. Sam followed silently.
“Alright,” Dean answered, amused by the bright, eager spark in Cas’s eyes, “When you’re done can you get a fire going?”
“Well, I was about to ask if that kind of behavior is something Dean would do?” Joshua asked, voicing Cas’s question out loud.
When he pulled away, he drew out that smirk he wanted to see since he arrived; cocky, playful, teasing—normalcy.
Dean had never felt nervous hooking up with someone for the second or even third time. It was always an easy step-by-step process, and he figured it would be the same with Cas once they got over the initial hurdle of the other night. They’d seen each other, they’d been pressed every which way against each other, heard each other at their most vulnerable moments—they hadn't done everything on the list, but it had really knocked out whatever temporary barrier sat between them. It was easy.
“Get some food or something,” Dean instructed Cas, grabbing the baskets they had left earlier. Cas obeyed and led the way out of the kitchen and down the hall without a word.
Cas paused by the kitchen island, staring at the floor with a strange look of sadness, almost regret on his face.
In fact, the goal for both, at least in Dean’s eyes, was to make life in Worthington so unbearable for the other that they’d want to leave.
“If it was a strange concept to you, something you never even thought of, then I didn’t even—” Cas eventually started, pausing for a moment to think, “—I didn’t even think something like this was remotely possible. I didn’t give thought to it at all. If none of this was supposed to happen to you, then, I don’t know… for me it was too far out of reach. I didn’t even think about it until the immediate present.”
“Thanks—dude came out of nowhere,” Dean said once they were outside in the cooler, summer air. He hadn’t realized just how suffocating the club was.
It had quickly dissolved, as soon as Cas put on a pair of trunks that were too tight, into forgetting about the suits altogether and instead pressing up against each other, hands sliding downward with determination. Dean, ever since it happened, never forgot the stinging cold of the wall against his back as the same fire ripped through him then. The harsh fluorescent lights didn’t let them hide, and the gaps under the stalls made it so if anyone had walked in, they would see two men standing very close together in one small stall.
“His reasons were valid,” Cas answered. “His father was not a kind man, especially once he learned Dean was attracted to other men—he said that’s why it’s hard for him to imagine himself with some like me in the future.”
“It’s Pride, though,” Dean said, confused, “It’s — it’s celebrating who you are‚ who we are, what’s been fought for —”
Bracing himself, not wanting to move at all but knowing he had to, Dean turned and held onto the side of the tub. Standing up, he felt a slight twinge, but nothing he couldn’t live with for the rest of the day.
The small entryway led into a wide hallway with a bathroom to the left, an office space/spare bedroom off to the right. It opened up into a great room with a pitched ceiling and large windows pointed at the lake, allowing an exorbitant amount of light in. The room had an outdated TV mounted on the wall between the windows, above a fireplace with an older sofa and armchairs, looking like they dated back to the ‘80s.
“He had every right to push me,” Michael confessed, taking a sip. “I pushed him, and his father, and his brother tenfold. And I found myself wondering the other day—why?”
Technically one of the sons was Lucas’s, but no one ever brought it up. Adam belonged to Michael and his wife, Diana, who had divorced him soon after he was born. No one in the family blamed her in that decision.
They both paused and glanced at each other before both saying “Sam”, laughter bursting out of them, riding the giddy waves of adrenaline from earlier.
Cas thought about the previous afternoon for only a moment before shutting it out of his mind completely, hugging Dean closer to him. If he held tight enough, maybe he wouldn’t have to let go at all, and none of the problems that awaited them would manifest.
“Just thought of this,” Dean said as he glanced over the fence gate, “You probably shouldn’t tell people your last name. And actually, while we’re at it, let’s just call you Cas. Short, sweet and to the point.”
After their initial greeting, they fell into a comfortable silence with the radio on low volume. No awkwardness, but the closer they got to their destination, the more Dean’s nerves began to eat at him.
“I just don’t see why we have to rush it, that’s all,” Dean said, sounding regretful and confused. Cas didn’t believe that’s what he wanted to say.
“Seriously?” He heard Dean whine. Cas turned around with his hands on his belt, feigning confusion. “You’re seriously folding your clothes?”
Dean shut the car off and opened the door, stuffing the wallet in one back pocket and his phone in the other.
But panic, fueled by Dean’s already growing discomfort, already started to spike. Dean’s leg started to bounce on the stool and he kept his eyes on the corner where Cas would come out of—
Cas paused his mission and turned his head a little to deposit a lingering kiss below Dean’s ear. His hands left the waistband, to Dean’s disappointment, but traveled up his side, over sensitive areas that made Dean squirm in place.
In his head, Cas viewed hookups, one night stands, as someone being completely unguarded and wanton, not caring what the night carried since, by the time the sun rose, you parted ways.
Michael shook his head, “She told me yesterday she wanted nothing to do with her aunt and uncle, which, I can’t blame her at this point. No—she is heading to… somewhere on the west coast, can’t remember, to try and get into a business school up there,” Michael huffed, then sighed in defeat. “I guess everyone is trying to get out of Dodge.”
Dean finished dressing before his imagination got the better of him and they got caught. He gathered up the jackets and handed the sequined one to Cas with a smirk.
“Well, Sam cornered me, so—,” Dean said, trying to keep his hands to himself for a moment despite wanting to counter Cas’s movement.
“I have a headache, I’m sorry. I don’t think I drank enough water today,” Cas said lamely, not caring if they bought it. “You can fill me in tomorrow, I just want to go lay down early.”
Cas glanced back at him as he made his way to the car and nodded his head in acknowledgement. The nerves were beginning to show on his face. Cas couldn’t even look at Dean for more than half a second.
One of Dean’s hands left the fence and rested on Cas’s head. His fingers wound themselves in Cas’s hair but he didn’t grip hard or playfully tug. It was more of a reassurance for himself.
They stayed watching the stage for another ten minutes before Cas turned back around for another refill as well. The bartender was father down the counter and Cas leaned over, pressing against Dean’s side to slide the glass over. He lingered there for longer than he needed, saying his thanks. Warmth spread throughout Dean as his heart leaped into his throat.
Cas felt, rather than saw, Dean reach for something behind them on the narrow sofa table. But, eyes closed and mind buzzing, Cas didn’t pay any attention until suddenly Dean’s heat against his body vanished. Cas opened his eyes, realizing Dean wasn’t coming back.
Realizing she wasn’t going to get confirmation, she continued, “We are investigating this as a suicide attempt.”
“Can I tell you something if you promise not to tell another soul?” he asked in a voice so quiet Dean almost didn’t hear him.
Through the open window, they could hear the festival somewhere downtown with booming music riding the summer air.
“I’m going to start packing my things tonight, will probably leave here by tomorrow,” Cas finally said out loud, both to himself and for Dean.
He continued down the long narrow hallway, scrolling through his phone. The noise of what little amount of people were left died down as Benny opened the door to the parking lot.
“I didn’t find all of these though,” Dean said, gesturing to the jackets next to them, lesser in pizzazz and in price.
Dean rolled his eyes over to Cas with a small smile before turning his attention back on the road. Almost immediately he slipped back into the ever tumbling thoughts.
Despite knowing his family wasn’t around and that it was safe to do so, Cas still stiffened slightly at first contact. They weren’t big on PDA in the first place, on Dean's request. He had some of the same issues with his upbringing and having to unlearn the homophobic things he had been made to perceive in his younger years. But that wasn’t the only reason why Dean held back, or why Cas agreed to it. They knew from experience that if they took it too far in public, then they’d just rip their clothes off in the middle of the mall, or movie theater, or restaurant, or wherever they were at the time.
“I’m sorry,” was all Cas could say, finding himself wishing he could somehow go back in time to five years ago when he contemplated dropping out of college when he himself was battling with the self-realization. If he did that, he could have come back home and maybe have met Dean sooner, before the Grays moved in, before they got caught in whatever web they were in now.
“Not in here,” Dean said, eventually breaking away. Before Cas could stop him, Dean swam over to the ladder. Not intending to let Dean too far, Cas followed.
Even if Dean had decided to come but somehow was stopped, Cas couldn’t wander around town looking for him without knowing if Dean was, in fact, there or not. Cas couldn’t take his car earlier when he left, and if he walked back into town on foot, searching all over, odds were he wouldn’t be able to ever leave again. Cas couldn’t call the police to do a welfare check either.
Cas had just wandered by, trying to craft a text message to Hannah that would sound like he was too sick to go, but wasn’t horrifically sick to where she should come over and make him soup or something.
They spent the rest of the car ride to Sioux Falls chatting about the house, making sure to keep their conversation rated G, just in case Jack woke up.
The friction alone sent Dean into the stratosphere, but for someone without experience, Cas had a natural instinct on what to do. Every time Dean tried to push up, Cas countered and pushed back down, moving in waves with the music, and eventually, their own breathing.
“There’s plenty of them there, I’m sure you’ll find someone to take your mind off of Cas,” Lee had said.
The stranger dumped the items on the kitchen island next to the chips and glanced at Dean before pulling open a utensil drawer.
In a way, it was his own fault. He acknowledged that much. He had strung Dean and Sam along, just because he was told to. Castiel got Dean to Sam in the end, but for all the good it did, he could have just kept Dean in the holding room.
“So when we’re ninety or a hundred, in the new millennia, when we live on the moon and have buildings that reach outer space?”
The worst thing about the whole situation they found themselves in was that Hannah was nice. There wasn’t anything wrong with her whatsoever, and so Cas couldn’t even latch onto anything he disliked to justify his abject reluctance to be anywhere near her.
In his life, Dean didn’t anticipate ever truly settling down with anyone. He had a few birds on his arm but their relationship never made it far into the future, much to his family’s disappointment. Dean didn’t have dreams of white gowns, tuxedos, and golden rings, and he still didn’t. That wasn’t his world and it never will be.
During their first “fresh air” trip to Glen Elder, Dean remembered voicing a lengthy monologue on his fear over Cas and how his time with Dean was a blink of an eye in comparison to how old Cas was, and how much logner Cas could have gone on had it not given up the Angel side of life, and that he was terrified someday Cas would realize that and leave—
close. Cas was torn between wanting to distance himself for his own sake and staying right, soaking in every minute of it to add to what he had built in his head earlier in the evening.
“We’re engaged,” Cas said, glancing down at the ring. It still looked a little foreign but he knew over time it would morph into being just another part of himself. The words “engaged” and “marriage” also sounded foreign in his head, but also over time, they would become as familiar as Dean and Cas saying each other’s names.
Nothing complicated tied up his thoughts or his tongue, and he sat there holding Cas’s hand not needed for driving. No awkwardness filled the car, and Dean knew exactly where he was, where he wanted to go, and who he wanted to be with.
Cas’s fear, the panic, finally spoken into words brought tears with them. He used the back of his hand to wipe them away, keen to not cry in front of Joshua.
“She left me on read that night and when I went to her house yesterday she wouldn’t open the door,” Dean answered, looking at all the unanswered texts he sent. He purposefully didn’t apologize, knowing it’s better to do it in person—though Dean supposed it was hard to do that when he also wasn’t wanted in person.
He focused on a small pebble in the road to try and ground himself pushing everything he could, absolutely everything, out of his mind. Satisfied he could handle it, Cas turned and picked up the phone from inside, carrying it with him so he could stand against the car, feeling the slight breeze on his face.
Cas leaned forward between Dean’s legs and held himself just above him, moving his mouth over to Dean’s ear.
“Where are you going?” Lee asked. He had started moving to the front entrance as Benny headed to the back one.
As Dean moved out of the offshoot hallway and back into the larger walkway, he paused, trying to decide which direction to go in. Maybe he and Cas just missed each other and now Cas was the one at the Cinnabon counter and—
He didn’t struggle and dropped his knife. It landed in front of polished black leather shoes and a perfectly tailored pant hem.
Cas glanced at him, before looking down at his lap, picking at his hands with a frown deepening itself.
“It’s new to me too,” Cas said quietly, “And if it seems like I’m pushing, I apologize. My back is against the wall.”
“I meant to ask this last night but you got me distracted,” Dean said, “How are you so good at this when you’ve never been with anyone?”
Hannah shrugged. She didn’t look that bothered but she turned away from Cas so he couldn’t see her face.
In the past, before Sam left for college and could only talk about his future plans, he had asked Dean what he would do if he had gone to college. The question had hurt Dean at the time and stuck in his brain over the years. He really had no idea.
“Michael and that creepy Gray dude forced him into this into this arranged marriage straight out of the seventeen-hundreds or something,” Dean whispered.
The worst part about the dining room area wasn’t the tables or the rug they grabbed straight out of the ‘60s. It was the gigantic fireplace against the western wall. The stones were large, pale and looked like a faded giraffe print extending all the way up into the vaulted ceiling, past the wooden beams. On it were several animal heads and plaques, each for some kind of hunting whatever or award something. The thing stood out but only in a way an eyesore could.
Would that other person have benefited from what you had to say, but wouldn’t let out of your mouth?
It took Benny only a moment or two before Dean saw his face fall into an “oh” expression. Dean pressed on;
Cas, trying to decide which tie should go with the shirt he decided on, looked over at Dean with a reassuring smile.
Why else would Dean sneak into hostile territory in the middle of the night just to return Cas’s wallet? Why else would Dean make Cas the first person he told a deep, deep secret to? Why would Dean continue to contact him day after day even after knowing who Cas was and where he came from?
Cas had sighed, trying to remember what exactly he had as shoe options. He didn’t have a diverse wardrobe.
Despite Cas’s nest egg, they both had decided that it didn’t mean they shouldn’t still get jobs, even though the cost of living was substantially cheaper in Victory.
The useless master’s degree hung on the wall next to his desk, staring at Cas as he sat, staring out the window. His view took him across the outskirts of town, over fields and a few trees. The desk, and the room in general, had rarely been used over the course of his life.
Cas relaxed into it, not having to think if it was his last one, or that they were limited now. He didn’t have to worry about marks or texts or images; no concerns about plausible excuses—
At one point, Cas pulled with his hands in a different spot and elicited a whine from Dean that quickly morphed into a sob of desperation.
Cas hung up first, and Dean stood there with the phone to his ear for a few more moments before everything settled into place.
He tapped on Dean’s head but all Dean did was take Cas’s hand and held it in his own as he took the final plunge.
Cas just hoped they’d accept that times very much were different than the ones when they had either first met Dean or first met Cas. Things were dramatically different.
Maybe Dean pushed too far now. He found the line he shouldn’t have crossed. He didn’t pester Michael from the inside-Dean never interfered in the goings-on of the Charleston family. He knew to stay away from that mess, his father being the warning.
Horrified, Dean bolted upright and backed away as the black continued to encapsulate Cas, completely obscuring his mournful expression, sinking him into the void.
. Dean’s words from years ago came surging back into his mind as he swallowed hard, staring at Cas’s empty ring finger. He really wanted to see the gold band on it, pronto.
That unnamed emotion flared back up inside Cas as he looked away from his phone again, pressing a hand down between his legs, he bit his lip hard, trying to distract himself. He couldn’t get aroused at this kind of a party with this particular set of people just on the other side of the wall.
Dean nodded his head as he reached behind him, tapping Cas to gain his bearings before slipping his hand between them. Cas had to close his eyes again as Dean shifted himself forward a little more, guiding Cas to brush against him. Dean had to be sore, Cas knew that much, but when he reached a hand down and felt where to go, Cas easily slipped a finger, then another, into Dean.
“Can you come here?” Dean asked, handing Cas back the pool noodle. Cas took it, keeping his mouth shut. He didn’t want to stay; he didn’t want to hear that he had been replaced, he didn’t want to hear that Dean never thought of them as ever being together—
“Well if you’re concerned about my stamina, maybe we should fast track this,” Dean teased, waggling his foot in the water to make a little splash.
Cas’s eyes widened slightly at the suggestion and shifted focus to the escalator nearby that led up to the Macy’s.
They both started at the same time, looking back up at each other. They fell silent again with small smiles and Dean waved his hand.
Cas didn’t answer as he looked down and pressed his middle finger against Dean with a little more force than earlier, trying to keep his breathing steady. After a moment of resistance, Cas succeeded. Dean inhaled sharply and closed his eyes. Cas paused, looking back up.
Dean trailed off, finally reaching the end of the road on manageable words and thoughts. He knew Cas understood, because of course he did, and of course Dean understood Cas. Once they had gotten onto the same page years ago, they never left.
Wanting to prolong it just a little, Dean ceased all movement and loosened his grip on Cas to see what would happen. A soft, barely heard whine and a sigh of frustration, Cas spaced his hands out more on the ledge and wordlessly began moving his hips back on his own, fucking himself on Dean’s cock at an uneven pace to get Dean to start back up again.
His mind, still racing from earlier, shot off scenarios one by one, pretending he actually live there; Dinners, waking up in the morning together, late nights out by that fire pit they first spoke at, colder midwestern nights wouldn’t be a problem for them, nor would they need extra blankets given how good they were at generating their own heat—
Sheriff Mills’ face didn’t help to keep him calm, showing him that same kind of pity expression he had grown to hate over the last week.
Dean thought about his father’s past coworkers and how it all ended for them. He doubted if any of them were left that they would have his and Benny’s backs, but he didn’t let Benny know that.
“You can say please,” Cas teased as he fixed Dean back up and re-buttoned and zipped everything. One of the downsides to doing this fast was that they didn’t have the luxury of laying around after, enjoying each other until they were ready again.
Cas stood and pocketed his phone before any more conflicting thoughts tethered him to his room, causing him to spiral for the rest of the night.
“You’re a menace,” Dean all but growled in Cas’s ear as he leaned in. Cas smiled to himself and finished up the stick and saved the other one for when they got out of the exhibit hall.
Friday night and that Sunday morning clashed in Cas’s head as he dipped his fingers into the holy water and did the sign of the cross. He felt like a large sign hung around his neck that screamed “SINNER” while walking down the aisle after Michael.
“I’m allowed to be here, sir. Honestly. I beat my partner here,” Dean said, realizing he had no way to prove it.
Reaching the end, Dean crossed the street and slipped behind the safety of the high hedges and fence, hoping to God the gate was still unlatched. The door would be too high for Dean to reach over and do it himself.
Dean paused only for a second before continuing the work. He didn’t want to make the exchange awkward for Reynolds, who Dean was convinced was not the most open, sharing, and caring kind of guy growing up.
“That’s what she said,” Dean mouthed. Cas rolled his eyes but smiled as well as he picked up his rhythm, careful not to go too fast. He slid a hand up Dean’s back and gripped the lining fabric of the jacket so it too stayed still.
“This place is really nice,” Dean mused, looking around the kitchen. It was smaller than the one at his house but… warmer.
Cas paused his digging, a weed still in his hand. He didn’t know where to start, or what to focus on first.
Dean would set the pace that night, and as he traveled from Cas’s neck, across his collarbone, to the hollow of his throat, Cas wondered if he’d try to stretch this out to last night, or opt for short, quick bursts. Both sounded great to Cas.
Dean had stated that his car was too loud to go anywhere near Cas’s house at that hour, so he would have to park several streets away and help Cas carry the telescope all the way back.
Cas kept his frown in place, but something nudged him in the back of his head. Zachariah sounded—off. Too light, too airy.
Or leave with Cas, if that’s what he had been getting at during their talk in the pool. And if he does—not only would Michael win, Dean had no proof or confirmation that a relationship that was three weeks old would keep them on solid ground into the future.
They had to get their rocks off, fast. There was no point in trying to prolong it, Dean concluded as Cas continued to move against him in small, teasing increments.
Dean guided him into a gentle kiss, a welcoming gesture after what felt like a whole week rolled into one day.
If things went wrong, if they slipped and Michael found out, the repercussions could be—would be—severe.
There was the alleyway that would lead to that back room, where men were nestled against other men with noises of pleasure echoing against the brick walls—
“I’ll be right back, here,” he handed the bag from William Sonoma to Dean, turned, and walked back down the other way.
“How long are we going to do this?” he asked, voice quiet as the music paused for the next performer.
“Who said you needed a bathing suit?” He asked, turning away from Cas and immediately pulling his shirt over his head, tossing it to the ground. Cas watched as he went through his small wooden gate. By the lawnchairs, Dean bent down and then came back up with the rest of his clothing in his hand, a wide smile on his face.
“I got a hold of her the next day. We talked, we broke up, the ending to a short, unsatisfying story,” Dean explained, trying not to think too hard about that day. It was a brisk ending to a complicated relationship. “I didn’t really give her what she wanted.
Michael shoved Dean against the brick wall next to the booth with more force than Dean had expected, bumping his head. Benny shouted something, but Dean couldn’t hear it with the ringing in his ears. He reached up and felt the back of his head. No bleeding but he’d definitely have a bump. Something fell out of his pocket as Michael forced him backward and Michael kicked it hard enough in the other direction as it crashed into the wall.
Cas packed, then repacked just to fill his time, then organized a little more and repacked again. By the end of it, he still had two hours left to go before Zachariah arrived.
“Her name is Hannah Gray,” Cas said, his voice the quietest it had been all night, Dean almost couldn’t hear him again. “You’ve probably seen her—dark hair, blue eyes—“
He and two others eventually managed to break through the defenses and see Dean in the middle of the fray.
“What?” Dean leaned in more to hear Cas and he was now only inches away. Cas stiffened, still unable to look at Dean.
Dean laughed and looked down at his hand, “Well, compared to the rock on Eileen’s hand I can see his point.”
Cas sighed and stayed in his room for the rest of the afternoon, question after question tumbling through his head on release.
Cassie was a smart girl, smarter than Dean and his friends, smarter than most in that town. She was pretty, strong-willed, and it was only a matter a time before she realized Worthington held her back. Dean couldn’t blame her.
“Do you want to see the kitchen?” Cas asked from behind Dean. Turning, he saw Cas smiling and nodding his head to the left where an archway led to an open kitchen with a permanent island, the same wooden floors, and a couple of rugs, one runner by the sink and another by the small round table that—
Part of Cas always wondered why fulfilling the family’s duty to uphold their Catholic heritage relied on him when most of their family, as they grew older, stopped caring about the church. Michael was able to go to school and become a priest as well, but he decided he wanted to go into banking then the family business of real estate development. No one gave him grief for that. Gabriel was…Gabriel and couldn’t be told to do anything, and eventually, people stopped trying. Lucas disappeared without a trace after falling flat on his face in public while running for Mayor five years prior.
The Thursday before the fair started, they’d drop Jack off at Jody’s, say hello to the girls, get Jack situated, then go to bed early. The line to get into the fair Friday mornings got long, good weather or not. All of the adults would try to get in before the kids who arrived later in the afternoon after school.
Cas kept his back to the dance floor as he tried to steady his nerves. Dancing wasn’t his “thing”, and the image of the three men on that stage kept replaying in his head. Cas definitely wasn’t ready for that yet.
“Well—two things actually,” Cas clarified. He paused and took a deep breath, still not looking up at Dean. “The other day—Monday—when I was at the party—”
Immediately butting up against those memories was the one that came after. Cas’s obligations, his reality, their reality—
They spoke at the same time, forever on the same page, and Dean should have figured it would have happened. It’s not actually that they were on the same page, but more like the same paragraph, or sentence—the same words. With how the evening had progressed, with how the last several years of their life had progressed, it was only fitting they’d ask the same question at the same time holding the same rings inscribed with the same words and date.
“Remind me to crop out my stupid thumb before I print this,” Dean said, closing his phone as it grew hotter under the sun.
Mr. Johnson confirmed that yes he did have a RING Camera and yes, he backed everything up on his phone.
Then he realized how absurd it was that he told Dean everything while sitting in lawn chairs next to a bonfire with several drinks in him, but couldn’t tell a priest.
“Yeah, he said the Grays wanted to build there but that was property Michael wanted to develop himself and then said once he got it, the Grays would keep trying to find spots he wanted to develop on, making him have to move fast, potentially losing money,” Cas explained.
Their usual litany of murmured encouragements and declarations strengthened that night, elevating them to a new, previously unknown level of love and comfort. If the power of words could move mountains, theirs that night could shift continents in their entirety.
The worst thing was Cas’s age difference from the rest of his family. He was an accident, an “oops,” and all of his brothers were at least twelve years older than he was. It was hard getting them to understand what it was like being in their early 20s again.
Back in his room, Cas closed the door quietly and locked it immediately. For an extra precaution, for his own sanity, he shoved his desk chair under the knob and moved an armchair from across the room in front of that.
“Yes, that was supposed to be my future father-in-law—or I guess... uncle-in-law,” Cas mumbled, sighing deeply.
He thought about his prayer that morning, how he kept repeating his wishes—but with doubts, with his uncertainty and indecision, he didn’t know how far it went.
on the same page—just didn’t want to acknowledge it out of their own fear. This could have been sewed up a week ago.
“You have four hundred and fifty thousand—almost have a million in the bank? Like, dollars-dollars and not like… yen?”
The five-hour drive to the White Mountains would be worth it, Dean kept telling himself. Irrefutably, undeniably, completely worth it.
The way out for them proved easier than the battle in and Daniel went to deposit Dean back into his grave. Dean, still with the attitude from earlier, clearly didn’t want to go. He fought and kicked, and at one point tried to bite Daniel in the face but Castiel intervened. He shoved Dean back into his body with so much force, the immediate space couldn’t handle the energy. Nearby trees blew back and onto each other, crashing to the ground and sending a plume of birds flying and small animals scampering away.
When Dean turned back around, he noticed Cas watching Charlie and Steve as well with a sad curiosity Dean wondered was also plastered on his own face.
Dean couldn’t place specific words Cas said to him in this nondescript room on the nondescript bed, but Dean’s imagination filled in the blanks. It was seeing a well put together Catholic man, business casual at all times, watching him with dark eyes and encouraging filthy actions, that finally pushed Dean over the line.
Caution flashed in Dean’s mind as he talked, warning him when he got to a self-identifying part of his life (school, job, family name).
Cas sat on the bench outside of the church, watching the road in the distance for headlights. There were two times in the last three hours that he saw them, but all belonged to different cars.
“—but like, it was a first for both of us and I don’t know where the guy gets his confidence from. I’ll tell you what if I had been like that with what’s her name—Lisa—the first time--?” Dean rambled a little, shaking his head.
Dean had half a mind to make Cas try it on at that moment but they had been in there long enough—better not press their luck.
Cas looked up, and the mood had definitely shifted in him. The music and atmosphere were exhausting, Dean conceded. Maybe this wasn’t either of their scenes.
They worked in silence as Dean put the belt on and then tinkered with a few other things, tightening things here and there just to make sure the thing would last Reynolds at least another couple of years.
The previous year, they didn’t have storm shutters on their windows, causing some rocks and pebbles to make dings and scratches as they flew around in the strong ocean breeze. They spent the spring replacing the windows and investing in proper storm damage prevention. A blizzard had knocked out their power (and they would come to realize that any storm had the potential to knock out power) but they didn’t have that much wood to use for a fireplace, so they knew next time around to get chopping early.
They wound up at Glen Elder at one in the morning after a tangible tense, car ride. There, they sat for nearly two hours, laying everything on the table while the moon hung over them, watching as they decided that maybe they should take a step back from hunting, helping when needed; that they needed to start focusing on a
, turquoise would be nice,” Cas answered, “Beige is boring and I don’t think any other color will be relaxing enough.
The woman nodded. “My front light lit up at least a good portion of his face. He was taller, balding, a little heavier set… he was smiling if that makes any sense.”
Trashing the place was Dean’s therapy session, that’s what he told himself. His brother consistently nagged him about seeing “a professional” but Dean rejected the idea every time, with force. It was easier and more satisfying, not to mention cheaper, letting the air out of golf cart tires and spray painting dicks all over the walls.
His mind was a mess as it tried to sort through the contradicting desires and fears all tangled up into each other. If Cassie was as smart as Dean knew she was, she wouldn’t take him back.
The sunny and mild early-autumn temperatures had been replaced by overcast, foggy, and chilly weather overnight—but Dean was insistent that he finish putting up the window frames inside the barn. They wanted to get at least the first coat of paint done before the weather truly turned cold for the rest of the year.
A small dose of anxiety spiked through Dean as he glanced at the stairs—regardless if it was night or day, it didn’t change what happened up there.
Cas frowned at the indication that Dean didn’t believe his reasoning. It’s wasn't a complete lie, only a half-truth, but a truth nonetheless.
When he arrived at the church, he found Joshua outside weeding with a sunhat on with jeans and a cotton button-down. He looked strange without his vestments.
“Well, when you have to be in his presence for more than five minutes, just remember to keep smiling and don’t mouth off. But I don’t see what that has to do with—oh.”
Everything from yesterday afternoon came flooding back into his mind with a vengeance—annoyed at being ignored for so long. The tangled web of paths and futures tumbled down from his head to the pit of his stomach. Each question raced by so fast he had no time to stop and think.
In response, a bag of something fell to the floor and whoever inside mumbled something. And it wasn’t a woman.
Cas smiled at Dean’s excitement before adjusting the telescope slightly. He felt Dean move a little closer.
It was just them there, in that moment, as Cas felt Dean breathe against him, he didn’t want to disturb any of it. The minute he got out of bed would be when their lives would come hurtling back at them, and the minute they got out of bed was the minute life and reality would come hurtling back at them.
He didn’t know what took Dean so long that night but in the end, several other Angels, some Castiel didn’t know that well, others who had fought beside him over the millennia, came for him.
“Sounds like a good idea,” Dean said as he leaned back in, a little quicker and deeper. Cas responded in kind, letting go of Dean’s hand, freeing it up to wander where it really wanted to go.
“Thank you for the ride home,” Cas said a moment later. Before Dean could figure out what to say back, Cas opened the door and slid out without another word.
“Nice they had those, didn’t want to catch a dry tree on fire in a wooden cabin,” Dean mumbled, watching the tree turn green to yellow to blue—
It took Cas 45 minutes to get to Mercy Hospital Cassville, having to already drive by it on the way to Table Rock. It took another two hours, as the sun just started to bruise the sky, anxiously pacing the waiting room for him to actually see Dean.
In the bedroom, Dean waited patiently as Cas took his time trying to decide which shirt to wear. Any other day he’d be letting Cas decide himself and wait for him somewhere else, doing any other activity, but they both understood what was going on.
“No, I’m not a city guy. It’s just noisy and crowded and there’s nothing there that I don’t already have here.”
Cas didn’t think Dean would speak that truth, but Dean sighed, shook his head, and wiped a hand over his face.
A 31-year-old man who looked wildly out of place with his work-related sleep deprivation forming dark circles under his eyes, stress-induced, premature gray hair on his temple, and the faintest of frown lines beginning to show.
He tapped on the notification and it instantly brought him to a photo of Dean sleeping on a lounge chair with a flowery garden hat on his face, still only dressed in only board shorts that were drier now, but sans life jacket.
“Oh no, nothing like that,” Dean said, a half-truth. “It’s more like—they care more about a car than they do their own life.”
“Don’t see why I have to,” Dean tried to deflect, pulling his hand away to hold it up in front of Sam’s face properly, “You got two eyes, it speaks for itself.”
Dean tapped the glass, ringing it enough times to bring everyone’s attention off of each other and onto him. Cas took a large bite out of his pancake, staring at the plate, suddenly nervous with everyone’s eyes directed in his direction, if not exactly at him.
Dean stood back up and again pointed up at the sky to another bright star near the initial cluster of three.
“There’s too much to do back home,” Dean mumbled as they drove, “Like I got an itch to just go back and finish it.”
Dean gasped when cold fingers wiggled themselves between his jeans waistband and hip. Cas still had the smirk on his face—just inches away.
Dean smirked, understanding—but instead of going to the car, he bent back down and looked through the scope again.
The trip was a beautiful gift, but there was another factor of delight that Cas had inadvertently given Dean.
Cas watched the man slink behind a tree next to Joshua’s house and wait there for several minutes as they sped up the playback. He straightened as headlights wobbled their way down the dirt road, parking in front of Joshua’s cabin.
freaked him out even more. Never in his life did he think he’d spend money on an engagement ring, or give it to someone, or actually go through with the process of
Cas nodded wordlessly and wandered over to his side of the tub, stepping over and into the water with care not to slip. Dean took in every angle that was shown off to him as Cas maneuvered himself down into the water and bubbles below.
Dean began picking at the napkin under his untouched drink. It didn’t feel like he had any experience at all now. Not with this. Not with any of this. Benny was wrong. Not all experience was the same experience. Dean had never been
He didn’t take solace in the fact he was only coming back to God because he had a problem that needed solving, but it was just something he had to accept.
“I know you’ve only been home for a short amount of time, but there’s something I need you to do at your party tomorrow,” Michael had said.
Dean took a deep breath while still on his bed and took out his phone, thinking for a moment before he scrolled down a few messages and opened the text chat for Benny.
When the receptionist told him it was Benny—Dean’s relief and confusion and guilt all rolled into one monster inside his head. It wasn’t Cas—he had gotten out fine then. But how did Benny—?
Cas thought back to their first meeting in the kitchen, how animated Dean was in talking about his stories, his face while listening to Cas talk—they were comfortable within the first minutes of knowing each other. That had never happened to Cas with anyone he had ever met in his life. The cookout spoke for itself. Cas, only the second time being around Dean, felt comfortable enough to tell him all the secrets he hid from the rest of the world.
“Well, Dean and I are physically incapable of having children,” Cas started, putting at hand on Jack’s back as they headed to the door, “There are ways to make it work but I don’t think we’re—I don’t think that’s in the cards. We care very much about
Cas wanted to shake her and tell her that she wasted valuable time—but it would do nothing to bring the time back.
There had been an unspoken truth between them since they got together three months prior: Dean was never going to leave Worthington that easily.
Cas, despite knowing he had to somehow keep watch, had to close his eyes as the image of Dean spread out on their bed with nothing on but that lace —
A hand enclosed his wrist and Dean jumped, turning to see Sam holding up Dean’s hand, his eyebrows raised so high Dean was afraid they’d disappear into his hairline.
“It’s a surprise,” he managed to gasp as Cas moved more deliberately, sending more sparks firing throughout Dean.
What if you had managed to say something at a different point in time with them next to you, would things have turned out differently?
He had looked back at the house before he got into the car. It sat in the shadows of the trees, lights off, empty and alone.
Dean shifted slightly and his hips moved backward against Cas. It wasn’t desperate or needy, but a greeting and a question.
“Usually I’m gone by now,” Dean said, sounding almost sad. “Usually it’s a quick goodbye, ‘I’ll text you, maybe see you again’. Even other times where I did stay, it didn’t—”
Dean pursed his lips and mentally cussed Jack out in his head even though he knew Jack didn’t understand ‘tact’ yet. Staying silent for a moment, Dean took his time so he could choose the right words, otherwise--
Dean smiled, but a sense of sadness persisted. He paused before moving his head up, turning it to place a soft kiss on Cas’s mouth.
have proposed to build. I’ll get it, the town would prefer me, but then he’s going to go do something else. I honestly believe he’s just trying to run us out of town.“
“How’re you gonna find her in all this?” Benny asked, eyes darting around, trying to find the bar tent that housed Lee.
As they broke apart, that irrational fear that had built up as Dean mused about his gift to Cas fizzled from his head.
“Man, I’m sorry. I thought you were someone else,” Dean said, bending down to pick up the bag, attempting to ignore his embarrassment.
Dean walked fast, feeling watched even though he knew he slipped past the camera. His nerves began to catch up with him, yelling at him he was a
He had gone into his room with the intention of getting dressed but instead, all he did was sit on his bed and continue to space out.
“As for anything else changing… our story is different than Garth’s,” Cas continued, “Our change already happened. It happened before you, before these rings—it happened because of each other, much like Garth and Bess, but a long while ago. Nothing will be different.”
Cas allowed it and took Dean’s hand in both of his, lacing their fingers together in one and resting the other on top of that. He held tight—tighter than usual—and Dean could feel a slight tremor. It was a bad one that night.
Glancing up at Dean, Cas said nothing as he made quick work of the buckle. Dean reached for the hanger as he felt the belt slide through the loops. The buckle made a muffled impact noise as it fell to the carpeted floor, and Dean looked back at the mirror once more and watched as Cas worked on the button and fly.
“—a waste of an afternoon,” Dean finished, looking up at Cas through the mirror, frustration lining his face.
Hannah wanted to see it though, so Cas would stomach the local, amateur performance if it was another wrung in the ladder to get to where Michael wanted him to go.
Cas tried not to focus on that as he focused on his goal. He went to mass every Sunday, studied his books, prayed every night, had a notebook full of his favorite passages from the Bible, and ultimately decided that it was a good thing to be nowhere near the rest of his family. They had no faith in anything but themselves and their money.
There was that part of Dean, that really deep down part, that made him want to reach into his back pocket for his lighter and set the curtains ablaze as he walked out. The fire department was notoriously slow in this area, and the monstrosity would be gone.
Dean finished the painting, depositing the paints back on the sofa table before turning Cas’s head again so they could look at each other.
They crossed one milestone of many to come, adding to the ones they’ve accomplished already. Like the others, Dean had an underlying ripple of nerves, just below the surface, but not of dread.
“I’m sure all the hard work that you put in with building the relationship between you two will pay off,” Zachariah said, looking back over to Cas with fire in his eyes. He wanted Cas and Dean to burn in it. “Who knows what new horizons wait for you.”
He walked away and a different Angel took over watching Dean and Sam, leading them down that pre-destined path.
The sheriff moved closer as she drew a scratchpad from her pocket. Cas took note of her name patch, Sergeant Jody Mills, Missouri State Police.
There were things Cas had to leave behind when he had snuck out of his room window to meet Dean at that church, having to walk instead of drive, and after he got the all-clear from Sergeant Mills, he texted Michael asking if he could come to pick them up.
and Cas had a feeling that no matter how much they got done, Dean was going to feel like nothing was finished — however, Cas hoped that one day they’d get to a point where Dean didn’t feel as stressed about it.
Dean scoffed and knocked his knee against Cas’s. Visibly hesitating, Cas’s smile weakened on his face, unable to look up at Dean. The nerves clearly returned. Dean knew better than to push.
Cas closed his eyes as he felt rocks piling up in his stomach. It was always easier for Gabriel to have that confidence. It wasn’t an avenue readily available to Cas to take.
“Things happen,” Castiel said, not elaborating. “But by the time I realized I wanted to leave and major in something else, it was too late.”
A few minutes was all it took for Dean to have his arm over his eyes, trying to choke back moans, breathing hard. It didn’t take long for Cas to graduate to two fingers, bending them slightly as he would go to withdraw, grazing over Dean’s prostate. The motion drew out the first
It didn’t matter that Dean at that moment didn’t see what Cas did. He just had to try and not let Dean slip through his fingers.
Michael was sitting in his study with a frozen bag of peas against the left side of his face. His nose had been bleeding, it looked broken, and there was a dark bruise and scratch on his right jaw.
“I’m not sure what gave you any idea that I do,” Castiel said, frowning as he looked over to Dean. “Do you hate me?”
“She’s nice—I’ve met with her twice. I don’t know if she also knows what’s going on. I think she does,” Cas wondered, not looking back up. “She seems to like me.”
Cas still didn’t move, too scared that if he did he’d wake up from whatever dream he slipped into while laying on his bed.
He and Benny ordered some drinks and found a corner booth away from the late-morning alcoholics at the counter.
Castiel, standing at the front with his own company, one of the ones selected to help lead the charge, wondered if they would actually win.
“He told me you broke into South Hill the other day,” Castiel said, looking over. Dean didn’t expect to see mild amusement on his face.
Cas didn’t look at her. He once again had no answer or follow up to give. Years and years of constant lessons in Catholic school teaching him not to lie, and that God punishes liars, wiped that ability from Cas’s head.
Castiel shrugged and sighed heavily. Dean could tell they were nearing the end of this part of the conversation. “I’m not sure when. It didn’t happen overnight but when you invest this much time and energy into something, it’s not easy to just walk away.”
In the dark, the image buried itself in the subconscious of Cas’s mind. In the Empty, it replayed the meeting over and over again with the insistence he’d never be able to see Dean again while trapped in the void. At the time it happened, Cas resigned himself to it, knowing that what he did wasn’t about saving himself and wasn’t about his own suffering.
Dean almost passed by without a sound but the man’s dog caught a sniff of Miracle and let out a lazy boof before laying its head back down.
Cold water doused whatever flames that sparked in Cas over the last few minutes as he processed Dean’s words.
Some will say that “they’re in a better place” or “they aren’t suffering anymore” or “they were ready to pass, it’s okay”. And it may be true, maybe the person was ready to pass, maybe the person had been suffering mentally or physically—
Dean smiled as he too looked down at the sidewalk. Sometimes Cas just had that classic “I grew up in a fancy school” kind of talk and wondered if the more “inebriated” he became, the worse it got. Maybe two more of those drinks and Cas would start with the thou’s and thee’s.
But in the end, Dean settled on Christmas Eve. He couldn’t think of another reason for Cas to have bought that ring so close to the holiday, and Christmas meant so much to them as the years went on. To Dean, it made the most sense.
That connection remained unbroken. Some looked at is as a piece of string that wouldn’t break no matter what happened. But for a brief moment, as another flash of anger surges through you, wishing that it would. Maybe it would make things easier.
Cas looked over to Jody who sat across from them, wide eyed, pointing her fork at Dean. She looked up at him, over to Cas, then back over to Dean. Cas glanced around to everyone else who now also frowned, looking at Dean hand, then over to Cas’s. The pure comical beat of it all almost made a sudden eruption of laughter escape from Cas, but he managed to hold it down, staring at his pancakes.
“Yeah—” Cas cleared his throat, looking past Dean at the sun which had begun its descent. “Yeah sorry, just a little—” he waved his hand, not really knowing what to say.
The lapsed into silence as the lights from the homes on the outskirts of Lebanon grew brighter in the distance. As they approached the roadhouse, Dean’s focus shifted to the small, ramshackled and forgotten house that they’d pass by first.
“Sam has a ring like this. It looks a little different, but I remember I called it boring too,” Jack answered, looking back up at Cas, eyes widening a little, “He got it when he asked Eileen to marry him right?”
The previous night, his last at the hospital, Dean had asked if Cas would be ready for it, and Cas didn’t hesitate in his confirmation.
But now, hiding out in the cafe nearly an hour after the club opened, Cas’s confidence and focus withered.
At the time they met, Cas hadn’t thought Dean was also active in the community as well. Dean had three or four friends who would classify themselves as gay or lesbian or somewhere the “alphabet spectrum,” as one of Cas’s brothers had called it, but other than that, Dean hadn’t seemed like the person who would dress up in rainbows and glitter for one day out of the year and mingle with others of the same caliber.
Cas already knew what he’d wear for Christmas day but he allowed himself to browse the dresser, seeing if maybe he could hold out just a little longer.
Jack had a simple morning routine, one that solidified into something that Cas could set his metaphorical watch by. It had started when he began homeschool, and it didn’t matter the day or the circumstance or time of year, he’d always wake up at 5 a.m., always watch cartoons with always the same bowl of cereal, take a shower at 6 a.m., then start his day.
Taking a few more deep breaths—Cas tried to think about plausible reasons why Dean didn’t call him back or send him a text message.
Rolling his eyes, Dean lifted his head, wishing his eyeballs really could throw daggers, “I have the right to remain silent.”
“We don’t have to go in if you don’t want to,” Dean said, voice quiet and gentle. “I just wanted to see if it was still up.”
He shoved his face into the pillow by Dean’s neck and stayed buried in him, unable to stop, trying to get in even more, and gave Dean his favorite thing: unbridled swearing.
“Yeah,” Dean choked out before clearing his throat. “You’re his brother? I didn’t know there were four of you.”
Dean was still outside but the phone now in his hand, closer to him and showing his face which looked a little red.
As they stepped inside, Cas was hit in the face with a wall of hot air that had built over the course of an afternoon with no air conditioning. Dean had kept the lights off and as Cas walked in, it took him a moment for his eyes to adjust to the sudden darkness.
Molded against each other, they turned on a random movie, already watched several times, just for white noise as they kissed each other into an early afternoon nap.
“And yesterday before all the—you know— he was telling me that he feels like his back is against the wall and that he can’t decide what to do and basically—basically he was asking me if we had some kind of future to rely on instead of this stupid thing he has to do,” Dean paused, finally taking a drink of water. “And now his stupid family and that other stupid family served me Friday morning for that development thing I told you about.”
Ignoring the remaining aches his body threw out, Dean moved and snatched the bottle next to him. He shifted onto his knees as well behind Cas. Before he popped the cap, Dean leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on Cas’s shoulder, smiling at the visible goosebumps that followed and the scent of cinnamon and some other spice from the soap.
They would have fooled around in the pool but Dean declared that being covered in chlorine and other pool chemicals is the opposite of sexy, so they spent the rest of the afternoon floating around in the water, meeting every so often to make some kind of contact but having to move away before it unraveled on them. Each time they met, they lingered a little longer, momentum building between them.
“Maine sounds really good actually,” Dean said, sounding thoughtful. “I heard they have good ski resorts.”
Whatever ice grip held Dean’s heart in fear melted instantly as he saw Cas’s face light up with a wide smile, nodding at the man with approval while handing over his credit card.
It took Cas several minutes when he first woke up to remember where he was. The sun had hardly risen at that time, and nothing looked familiar. He felt weighed down on the mattress and was confused for only a moment before he realized Dean must be resting on part of him.
One of Cas’s hands moved off the ledge to work himself off while Dean focused on picking his own rhythm more, bolstered by the barely discernible
Steadily, Dean picked up the pace, pulling Cas along with him with every minute movement of his hips. Tension filled Cas, threatening to snap every time Dean moaned in his ear, soft and sweet when Cas would move with him.
The thoughts scared him in many ways, too many ways to count. But his brain kept kicking out scenarios on both sides, soon morphing into glimpses of the past week together with Cas—how he looked at the club, how he felt that night while they both battled through their insecurities, the
Father Laurence closed the door, waving at a lingering couple, before turning to Cas with a wide grin on his face.
A man stood behind Dean with a revolver pointed at him, silhouetted by the neighbor’s porch light. Dean couldn’t see the man’s face clearly, but he was still close enough to where Dean wouldn’t stand a chance trying to dodge a bullet.
“So what’s it called? Hilton?” He turned his attention away from the sky and glancing back over to Cas.
Castiel sighed again, exuding a tremendous amount of melancholy. It was a little awkward. Dean knew Castiel for all of an hour and already had deep sympathy for the guy. He knew what it was like to feel that depressed. Not in the way that caused Castiel his low, but Dean could tell the feeling was the same.
Cas didn’t sound upset, only defeated, “It’s still restrictive. The things I heard in school, from teachers—it’s basically the same. Those stories you hear about inclusion are one in a million. And usually, if you’re gay and in the church, people automatically assume you’re—“
Thirty minutes later, on the return trip, Dean saw Reynolds still out by the tractor, huffing and puffing as he tried to pry something off the engine that he didn’t need to.
Dean, unable to stop himself from doing so, stood on the back of his shopping car at the grocery store, racing down the empty aisle ahead of him.
The fence was mercifully long and there were hedges on the outside of it, obscuring Benny and Dean even further from any wandering eyes.
Dean didn’t know if it was because Castiel was a Charleston who didn’t seem, at least on the surface, like the others, or the fact that he was Charleston who was Dean’s age and seemed to be easy to talk to and sounded like he had a pretty rich history, more interesting than Dean’s or any of his friends’. Along with stories of his family that Dean would love to file away as blackmail.
“A concert doesn’t start for another two hours,” Cas said, looking at the schedule. He felt rather than saw Dean stand up a little straighter next to him.
He wanted to ask how Sam was doing, how life was getting on in California—but Dean also didn’t have the time. A countdown had started in his head.
But after the third, Dean could feel the ache in his shoulders and legs as he kept climbing up and down the ladder.
His second impulse was to say that it was too soon to be even thinking about that before remembering he had to propose soon.
and that won’t change. I promise you that. As for Sam and Eileen, that’s their own choice if they wanted to extend their family but I can also promise you that they will never stop loving you either. I’ve come to learn that a healthy love doesn’t consist of a choice between one thing or another. It grows. It doesn’t replace.”
What he liked doing the most was taking a trout he caught the day before and shoving it in the bear’s head, letting it sit out in the warm room for hours, sometimes days, until someone noticed. Lee hated it, but on those days, elected to work at the bar out in the dining room.
The sight of a man he had been told would be the key to their success standing in a sea of demons, looking deformed and mutilated almost beyond recognition of humanity surprised Castiel so exponentially, he paused too long to process it.
“I’m feeling underdressed here,” Dean said as Cas moved behind him. Cas didn’t answer and Dean before sucked in a breath as he felt one, then two fingers slip inside.
For a home rarely used, it was surprisingly clean. Cas had said he hadn’t needed to do much but the floors looked polished, shelves dusted, and everything appeared to have been preserved perfectly while the building had remained locked up.
Cas nodded, not looking at him. Dean felt an instinctive need to reach out and at least pat the guy on the back in sympathy. Instead, he kept his hand clenched in his lap.
Castiel’s face fell a little and Dean immediately backtracked, hoping he didn’t kill whatever mood their chat had started to create.
Castiel walked out onto a nearby road to see if anyone had heard their efforts, but all was quiet. Before he could turn back to Daniel, Zachariah appeared in front of Castiel. He glanced behind him at the burial site then back at Castiel with a smirk.
Dean heard someone rummaging around inside a walk-in pantry, the open door blocking his vision to see who it was. They were the only other ones in the room, but confusion grew in Dean once more. Cassie wasn’t familiar enough with the Charlestons to barge into their kitchen and steal their food.
He didn’t know Cas’s number. Not by heart. He entered it into his phone a month ago and that was it.
Dean was first to pull away and slide away from Cas. He still wanted to play games as he walked backward to keep Cas in his sights. Pushing open the door to his room, Dean leaned against the door jamb with a playful smile.
Now, in the study and yelling at Michael, Cas wanted to retreat again to his room and just relay everything that had been happening to Dean to try and get a picture or joke that would make him smile and forget about—
The last memory Dean would have of the place consisted of a night and morning in the arms of someone he really did love, and who showed him a different kind of home with a level of safety and desire Dean didn’t acknowledge was missing from his life until then.
“I understood at a pretty young age that I’d never get to this point in life, not just this,” Dean held up the box, “But even making it to this age, this—everything. I don’t think it’s a shock to you I didn’t really plan on living past thirty. I mean—I almost didn’t, several times. And then just—with everything—point is, I never planned on getting to any of this. I didn’t even allow myself to think about it.”
Silence filled the room long enough for Cas to turn his attention back to Dean, watching him continue to pick at the thread.
They settled on the couch facing each other as Cas drew one leg up underneath him. Dean mirrored the position. His mind raced a mile a minute but there were no thoughts associated with it, just the laborious energy spent in trying to sprint to the desirable outcome. Dean already started to feel out of breath just sitting there. Trying to swallow, he gave up, realizing his mouth was too dry.
But they didn’t move far from each other afterward with Cas pressed against him in the familiar fashion he always did, with an arm draped over Dean’s side like it always was, giving that comfortable weight of security to them both.
Dean closed the distance between them and crowded into Cas’s space, pressing him up against the door.
, not something he expected from someone new to all of it, and each and every single kiss regardless if it was brief, hardly there, or lasted for as long as they could make it.
Cas didn’t think Dean was scared by Michael to the point where he’d leave town and not tell Cas—but something happened.
But the man in front of him was the first person he had come across this afternoon that seemed somewhat normal, at least in the sense he wasn’t faking a laugh or looking at Dean with some kind of thinly veiled contempt.
But he took Dean at his word when he said it wasn’t about them, or that he had second thoughts and wanted to turn the truck back around.
“And you decided to ignore your phone the whole time?” Michael asked, gesturing to it in Cas’s hand, “We’ve been trying to call you.”
Cas pocketed his phone as Hannah returned and they ate their meal in almost silence except to talk about the weather and what Hannah did at her job that week.
Cas only smiled as he helped Dean undo the buttons of his shirt. They continued in silence as he slid the shirt over Dean’s shoulders and off, letting it fall to the ground.
But the fear always popped up when they had to do things like grocery shopping alone, pretending not to know each other. They were terrible actors and couldn’t play it off as just two friends buying some bread. They knew their limits.
For a moment, Dean thought Michael would reach behind him to the butcher’s block and throw something at him with how red his face got.
But Michael said nothing. He stalked away, pushing a table out of his path, causing all the glasses to tumble to the floor.
Satisfied no one had snuck up on him, Dean climbed over the front seat and settled behind the wheel with a deep sigh.
“Well, Cas, you know I don’t like cliches, but things do happen for a reason. I’m sad to hear you feel like you lost your path but I’m not sad that you’re back here,” Joshua said after a moment. “I’m sure you can still do good while in Worthington until you can point yourself in a direction that best suits you.”
“If no one says anything, who do you think the last one’ll be?” Dean asked, trying his hardest to keep his eyes on the road and not on Cas’s hand entwined with his own, feeling the metal of the ring.
Dean wished Cas had stayed facing the bar that had less lighting to it. But, Cas did turn around to face the dancefloor, and the multicolored lights, swinging around and flashing to the beat of whatever song was playing, highlighted Cas’s face in the most agonizing way. Dean had spent the whole day wanting Cas back out in the sun with him, but the view he currently had was great, if not better. The seriousness of Cas’s resting face contrasted with a cacophony of rainbow lights and pop-house music was something Dean tried to commit to memory.
Dean smirked, “Yeah well—I don’t know if you’ve seen the inside of that thing but it needed some interior decoration.”
It hurt to breathe, he couldn’t think—it felt like he was being suffocated, or like when Sam almost accidentally drowned him in a pool. He needed oxygen but every breath hurt. He couldn’t cough, he couldn’t move—the light in his face dimmed before strengthening again.
Belt on top of his shirt, Cas slid out of his shorts and everything else remaining. With a deep inhale, he turned around to witness a very flustered Dean who’s smile completely dropped.
He started with what the local historians knew, about the Charlestons and the Winchesters both settling on the same land way back in the day, how both helped build the town up. Gabriel went on to say that when the split happened, it was when the Charlestons made business connections in Kansas City to bring more money into the town, but the Winchesters had built nearly every building that was still standing from that time. There had been debates ever since on whose town it really was in the sense of status and pride.
“I bought a house about a month ago, outside the city,” he started, trying to keep his voice steady, “And it’s not a big house, but it’s too big for one person. I was hoping that when your lease is up, you’d want to maybe join me and—”
And at the end of the day, regardless of how great he was between the sheets, Cas was a Charleston, whether Cas liked it or not—whether Dean wanted to remember it or not.
and for a moment, Dean thought that’s what Cas was trying to hint at again. A restroom in the middle of the holiday shopping season would prove to be a challenge, but—
All the windows were closed and dark, no car—everything was quiet except for nighttime critters. No one had been to the place in a long while.
“We spent so many years being quiet,” Cas said, sounding sad at the thought, “And it almost became permanent more than once. This was me thinking that we can be loud. I think we earned it.”
He knew it was a fault—he knew he had the tendency to fall too hard too fast sometimes, but as he drove home Friday night, Dean didn’t care all that much.
“Glad you could make it,” Dean said, trying to keep his voice even. “I know maybe this isn’t really your scene, but—“
It only took a short time later for Dean and Sam to fracture completely with Dean unable to look past all that had happened. Castiel chose to view it as Dean not only being thrown aside by someone so close to him, family but also that the problem had now become so insurmountable. Dean and Sam now had the knowledge that their existence was only to be vehicles for annihilation, pitted against each other in the worst way.
It was Dean’s turn now, feeling scared of allowing himself to be so happy, knowing if it were any other time that the happiness would be snatched from him. Cas expected his turn would be coming up shortly, perhaps when the distraction of a bunker full of people would be gone.
Fear and panic flooded Cas as Zachariah’s face morphed from that unnerving, crooked smile to downright fury.
Dean knew that stunt Cas did, having done it himself a few times with others. It was a make-believe casual gesture that usually men wouldn’t think twice about. You’re just changing a shirt.
Benny slept propped up against his pillows, breathing steadily and He was asleep, propped up on his pillow. Dean stayed next to the curtain, taking in the rest of Benny not obscured by a sheet. The rest of him was fine, except for another small scrape on his shoulder, matching the one on his face. No bruising in his wrist or neck, no signs of a struggle—
Dean, not able to get another kiss, reached down to the front of Cas’s pants, undoing the button and fly with one hand—struggling but making do.
Dean turned back to him, frowning in confusion. Cas looked nervous and bizarre, just standing in the middle of people’s walking paths, staring at Dean.
Watching him, Cas realized just how valuable their first night together was in terms of knowing what to do, how to do it, and when to do what.
Dean smiled at Cas’s impatience, gave him a quick kiss, frustrating Cas even more, climbed out of the pool. Cas had to look away otherwise they weren’t even going to make it into the house.
The folks in town who refrained from criticism often wanted something from them or sat just below them on the tax bracket. They were the rich families that had moved out of the “big bad violence-ridden” cities and wanted to park their fancy asses in a cute farm town with lots of land to build on.
Canceling the date felt like a small way to tell Michael that Cas still had some amount of free will left.
Cas tried grasping at Jack’s implied meaning but came up empty. There’d still be movie nights, dinners, helping Jack with his school work, summer vacations to—
Cas waffled on Dean’s invitation not only because he’d once again be surrounded by strangers, this time not knowing if the crowd would like him or not—
Michael stood there, breathing heavily like  he had just run a marathon. There was a glint of something in his eyes that Cas didn’t like, and that was confirmed his suspicions that he and Hannah had been the safer choice, and that something would have probably happened to Zachariah and God forbid even Hannah in order for Michael to win, to keep his life the way he needed it to be.
Dean watched the light flicker on Cas’s pensive face and tried to envision him in the space of Zachariah, having him as a father-in-law and dealing with him on a daily.
They sat in their seats as the car idled, neither one of them seemingly wanting to be the first one to talk. The radio fuzzed as the station from Kansas City struggled to reach that part of Worthington.
Eventually, unable to stop it, Dean heard himself toe the line of “too personal”. He generalized his father’s death, and his brother going off to school, not divulging either name.
“Do you think things would have ever gotten like this if you and Dean’s family just…,” Cas trailed off, trying to find the right words.
To distract himself, and hopefully Dean, Cas leaned forward over the float and caught Dean in a light kiss, reminiscent of their very first one.
Three police cars parked themselves by the garage. The siren lights weren’t on, but the front door was wide open and almost every light in the house was on.
The energy and fire from earlier roared back to life between them as Dean pushed Cas onto the bed, discarding his own jeans while Cas made himself comfortable against the pillows.
Cas and Dean walked into the final moments of any normality they had built over the years, ready to jump into the new normal, supported by their words and actions the previous night. They said they wanted to be loud, they wanted to celebrate, enhance whatever work they had already done and let their friends and family see the next step taken.
The lack of breathing brought forth a painful ringing in Cas’s ears as Zachariah continued talking, turning his attention back to Michael, their voices dull and far away.
A lonely barn with a rusted metal roof that looked like it hadn’t been used in years sat about a hundred yards off the road with an equally lonely tree right next to it. Inconspicuous to most who drove by, Cas assured Dean that if someone pulled behind the barn, they wouldn’t be seen by travelers.
Dean always started there first. He never did major damage—his friend Lee worked there—but just enough to put a smile on his face. He had used a knife the first time he came to South Hill to carve a small, crude dick into the lower right-hand corner of one of the bars. Each time Dean came back to the place, he went to see if it was still there. It always greeted him in the small beam of light when Dean would crack the door open. Even Lee hadn’t found it yet.
. He knew Gabriel had stopped by about a week before Cas traveled home and crossed his fingers there was more than just chips in the closet. Sure enough, after some digging, Cas found bread, peanut butter, and an unopened jar of jelly, all still within their expiration date.
They didn’t speak for nearly an hour and a half as Dean worked. Eventually, Dean realized he should have been showing Reynolds how to fix the engine himself.
Cas pulled back most of the way until his tongue sat at a sensitive spot underneath that he worked, and worked, having to hold Dean’s hips with his hands to make sure they didn’t act on their own. They had a habit of doing that sometimes when Dean got too wound up.
Until a few hours later when most everyone was in bed and Dean headed back to his room after brushing his teeth.
Deep down Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to stay in Worthington forever. It just wasn’t something he wanted to acknowledge any time soon, but Michael had taken care of that.
“I just went driving around after Hannah. I had dinner and breakfast in Aurora and just—,” Cas trailed off not knowing where he was going with his lie. His heart rate was picked up, knowing he missed a detail somewhere—
Joshua had tried keeping Cas calm but given the looks on Michael and Zachariah’s faces earlier, Cas couldn’t help the knot tightening in the pit of his stomach.
“Well maybe they did,” Dean answered, trying to keep his voice steady and figure out a way out of there without looking rude.”
Dean estimated they were there for ten minutes before Cas leaned back on his stool, resting against the counter, and watching the performers. He looked more at ease this night, and wasn’t sipping on any neon blue drink, instead opting for a plain cranberry and vodka.
The man took another small step forward and a second light from the porch across the way turned on, beaming even more light into Dean’s eyes and obscuring the man’s face.
He didn’t want to get too cliche with it, but the hit on his life had pushed him squarely in the column of “make every moment count”.
“So now I’m being used by my brother for a power grab that he doesn’t need and to evict someone from their home over a petty family feud that is so old, it can’t possibly make sense anymore.”
“What’s going on with you?” Dean asked, growing annoyed with Lee’s attitude. “You look like someone just killed your cat.”
“Son, I think at the end of it all—there is no point in worrying over things you can’t change. No one knows one hundred percent of the time the proper answer to ensure a prosperous future,” Joshua said, “In times like these, you have to ask yourself if you have faith in yourself to make the choice that, even if uncertain, would ensure you at least some modicum of happiness.
From what Dean estimated in his head, the bedroom had a north and east—maybe a west window; light available all around, most important to see every sunrise and every sunrise should they want to—if they could keep their eyes off each other.
“I like you,” he answered, voice a little hoarse. That was the truth—Hannah was very nice. She was a nice young woman. But Cas paused, wondering how honest he should be. Hannah expected requited feelings, a sense of love and caring—something Cas only felt for someone else.
Cas nodded along but kept his mouth shut. He looked uncomfortable as they continued to stand near the entrance to the club, glancing over his shoulder, probably wondering if Tiny was gonna come through the doors and grab them both.
“Hey, hang on a second,” Dean said, causing Cas to stop and turn around. They had spent so long in the dark, Dean had forgotten how good Cas looked in the light, even if it was an unflattering backyard spotlight and Cas was slightly burnt from the sun. It wasn’t the same image as that afternoon when Dean tried his best to keep his eyes off Cas, but it still did the job.
The day was unseasonably cloud and cool, keeping Cas comfortable as he thought about what Joshua said.
“You good?” Dean asked, starting to float back over to him. Cas looked over to him, confused. “You’ve been spacing out for like, a minute.”
On the way back to the cabin from the hospital, after Dean fell back asleep and visiting hours were over, Cas prayed again, thanking God for helping to protect Dean, helping him literally dodge a bullet.
“You didn’t answer either,” Cas countered, holding the ring he bought in his hand and setting his box on the table. Dean followed.
“Thanks for inviting me, I did have a good time tonight,” Cas said, smile weakening slightly. “And thank you for listening, I appreciate it.”
“Really?” Castiel sounded surprised as he looked over to Dean with his eyebrows raised. It was an unusual statement to make. Everyone in flyover country went to church. “Well—I guess you can count your blessings. It can be very boring.”
He waited a minute too long to intercept Sue Ann, and by the time he did, Dean had collapsed in the parking lot motionless.
, Dean repeated to himself, trying to keep his feet on the ground. The surge of happiness alone was enough to—
Dean nodded and thought back to that tumultuous time. He had spent most of the year terrified of hanging out with any boy and that was when he started his habit of speed dating any girl that crossed his path to try and drown out the other side.
Dean laughed as he lightly kicked Benny under the table. They both drank but Lee just put his glass back down on the table.
Dean waited a moment to see if Cas would provide his explanation for being at a nightclub when out of the two of them, Cas was the least likely to show up there.
Dean nodded but didn’t say anything. The nerves were back, and he kept replaying the apology in his head as he approached the entryway.
Whatever it was Dean saw, it flipped a switch because instead of easing into a faster pace, Dean faltered, stuttering in his rhythm and losing control of whatever plan he had in his head. Cas didn’t care though. He embraced it. Dean kept his eyes on the spot, however, and Cas, in a small spike of annoyance, turned Dean’s head back so he’d look at Cas.
Dean’s stomach did a small swoop that his brain took as confirmation that it was okay to keep this guy around—family heritage or not.
Cas hadn’t been paying much attention to the signs, but now he understood why Dean suddenly took interest.
Frowning, Cas ran his hands down Dean’s thighs before traveling back up to the fly on his jeans, trying to get the action going again—but Dean placed a hand over Cas’s to stop him.
It wasn’t a perfect fit—they were still two grown men in a fancy bathtub—but even a little went a long way. They took their time with Dean vaguely aware of the water beginning to cool around them and the bubbles disappearing. They kissed slowly, hands wandering wherever they wanted in the water. Only the little things were needed to jumpstart each other.
Shifting, uncomfortable, Jack glanced at the door before looking at the floor, “I don’t know, just—anything?”
“I don’t think we need them,” Dean responded, cutting Cas off and sinking lower against the pillows. “You said you've never been with anyone before, and I recently got tested at my physical, like, a week before I met you so I think we’re okay. But if you’re concerned I’m sure they’re somewhere—”
Michael’s eyes narrowed, and Dean stole a glance at Castiel. Any sense of friendliness was gone, but Castiel didn’t look at Dean at all, instead glaring at the back of Michael who moved close to Dean.
Cas sighed again and leaned back in his chair. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of him as the warmth of the fire’s glow contrasted heavily with the deep look of pure sadness lining Cas’s face.
When he had first met Cas, he felt like the kind of person who’d prefer to stay in their shell. But, Dean watched as Cas thrived once he was thrown into conversations with Benny and Lee. He still had a habit of talking a little strangely, a little too formal for backcountry Kansas, but no one pointed it out.
He couldn’t look back up at Dean, he didn’t want to see his reaction—didn’t want to face the disappointment, praying to anyone who wanted to hear—
Dean didn’t remember much from the walk over, only that he and Cas knew not to stand right next to each other, and checking in with an unfazed clerk who was no doubt used to couples coming in from the club to stay the night.
Dean looked back at the telescope, and couldn’t help the smile on his face, “So you’re telling me we came all the way out here to look at stars that you don’t know anything about?”
Cas bit the inside of his cheek and glanced at Joshua. Priests couldn’t divulge things said under confession unless a serious crime had been committed, Cas still hesitated.
“I have to go to an afternoon lunch with Hannah, her family and I guess some business associates of theirs,” Cas replied, walking over to the bathroom himself while Dean ran the water. He immediately wished he hadn’t.
“I can a hundred percent guarantee you I am not from the city, and I do actually know a thing or two about fixing engines,” Dean pointed out, wondering why he was trying so hard. Half of him wanted to turn around and leave Reynolds to it, hoping he didn’t have a heart attack.
“What is that supposed to mean? Are you intentionally trying to get Dean thrown out of Worthington?”
They had only done anything like this once before in another store while trying on bathing suits, their first year at the lake cabin. They crowded into a small changing room, in a store almost as devoid as the current one, escaping the eyes of the fitting room attendant. It initially wasn’t to do anything handsy but to just give real-time comments on if the suits looked okay or not.
“Wrong, yeah,” Dean said, sighing, “But we had a chat. He was more just upset that I didn’t tell him my plan, even though I didn’t really have a plan, before it all happened.”
Cas had only run into this man twice and he already had developed a sense of ease. For the first time in a week, Cas didn’t feel like yelling and his hands weren’t shaking anymore.
Dean clearly was enjoying his day—and Cas didn’t want to be a bother with calling Dean and ranting to him about his issues, especially since his tone shifted, even over texts, whenever he brought up Michael.
Instead, Cas wrapped his hand around both of them, pressing them together in a way that moving against each other just couldn’t accomplish. Cas’s hand was dry but it didn’t matter at that point. Dean wanted to close his eyes again but they both couldn’t stop watching as Cas continued to move his hand up and down, in minute movements that didn’t look like much, but Christ—
“I don’t think we were quiet there,” Dean whispered, the ringing subsiding as he tried to listen if Nathan was still in his stall.
Dean didn’t want to do it over text message, he knew that much. It wasn’t high school; there were no more “do you like me? y/n?” messages.
Not seeing anything as eye-catching as that initial jacket, Dean turned to ask Cas their lunch plans when he saw Cas standing, browsing a rack behind him, the flashy jacket in his arm.
The spark of exhilaration that struck Cas when Dean confessed his preferences returned as he watched stray clouds pass by. The sun had already begun its descent on the other side of the house, leaving Cas’s room shaded and cool, which helped him as he tried to control the uncomfortable heat inside him that came with that photo.
Doing math in his head, Cas realized, with horror, that Dean was still two years off from his father outing him, still two years away from some kind of visceral reaction that forced Dean back in the closet for five more years.
Whoever ran to them stopped next to whoever attacked Benny. Half-conscious, he saw a pair of polished dress shoes next to ratty old converse.
. Cas’s heart sank. He didn’t know, he couldn’t have known, and there was no telling where the wires got crossed but seeing Dean looking for him, knowing what’s about to happen next—
Cas’s heartbeat quickened at the words and his breathing stuttered. Every time Dean talked like this, images and memories of their years together flickered through his mind like a film reel. He was only vaguely aware that his hips were moving slightly to try and get Dean to go a little faster.
Jack would come later with Jody, Alex, and Patience once the girls were out of work, and admission prices were down for the evening. That gave Cas and Dean a few hours in the daylight.
Discomfort settled in as Cas parked. He was about to witness a world that had always been there for him to embrace and explore but remained out of reach.
As the town grew, the Winchesters were more or less forgotten following decades of bad choices which left them straddling the poverty line and made them frequent visitors to Alcoholics Anonymous.
me,” he answered. Before Cas could do anything, Dean moved out from his grasp and into the bedroom and over to the bedside table. He opened a drawer to take out a small bottle and then climbed on top of his bed, all the while not looking over at Cas.
Dean couldn’t help but smile as he watched a grown-ass man gently place a PB&J sandwich in place and use the knife to cut it diagonally. Compared to the scenery outside, it was absurd.
The clock started its countdown in Cas’s head as he realized he had no idea what Dean’s intentions were, and time was running out.
Despite the temperature outside, they remained in the final vestiges of light that tried its hardest to illuminate the moment, unable to let each other go until they kissed each other breathless.
Dean’s confidence fell a little when he heard Castiel say something Dean usually used as an excuse so he could get out of things without saying “no” to someone’s face.
“I don’t disagree,” Cas said, stepping aside as Dean stepped out into the entryway and back into the room, swiping his jeans up off the floor.
“When our officers got to the scene, they found an unregistered gun,” Sheriff Mills began explaining, running through her notes with a heavy sigh. “They ran Dean’s license and saw there was a BOLO for him out of Worthington. We called the department, was told he was wanted for assault on a complaint by Michael Charleston. We called Michael as well and he gave us an account of the night, saying you ran out of the family home to go after Dean.”
Dean smiled as he walked through the doorway, greeted by a mostly decorated, though unlit, Christmas tree.
They still had a long way to go, but the eagerness, determination, and love, only ever grew day by day, month by month, year by year.
Dean did understand Cas’s problem even more: not only were two people being forced together with little to know about each other, now Hannah would be marrying someone who was incapable of finding anything about her sexually attractive, or attractive at all—
Dean’s head rested halfway under the pillow, facing Cas, eyes still closed. He laid on his front with the sheets pushed down just enough to uncover his shoulders. Despite the coolness of the room, he still radiated warmth.
Dean turned to look at their little farmhouse farther down the road — a small building in the distance. He smiled as he saw Cas running around the yard with Miracle.
conversation, he’d had with anyone since… he couldn’t place a time. It was nice hearing Cas talk, even if it was about depressing shit, and Dean couldn’t remember the last time he stayed up until nearly two in the morning just talking.
Hannah didn’t try kissing him when she left but gave him a little wave before he headed for the door—
They had the park to themselves and Dean silently cheered to himself. Proposals were great and all but they were still in rural Kansas, and he didn’t need paranoia and anxiety clouding the moment, fearful some Kyle in a camouflage trucker hat peering over their shoulders.
Cas realized. He was sure Dean’s father also played a big part—but this was why Dean didn’t want to talk about it.
far with it, it’d give the game away. But however strained his face was, Cas’s eyes still shone with a bright excitement, even in the dim lighting of the kitchen.
He and Dean had been hesitant, awkward, and a little fearful that night, careful not to put the wrong foot forward.
Past the dining room, Dean walked into the sports bar area. The place had one window, six large flat-screen TVs, and two bar counters on either side of each other. Those who didn’t want to go golfing, or wanted to watch football in the dead of winter without their wives, would flock to that room. The leather chairs and walls smelled of stale tobacco but the resin counters remained scratch-free and the bottles shone, even with the minimal light. On the walls hung more animal heads and trophies.
Dean made quick work of unlocking the house, rushing to the drawer, and pulling out the old phone. It had to have been at least ten years old, but it still had a charger. Worth a shot.
Cas laughed before gasping as Dean went all the way back down again. He did it a few more times before staying on completely, only traveling back up halfway before sinking back down.
And yet, in the back seat of the car, wrapped in a few boxes, was a second key to Dean’s new home, ready for Cas to unwrap.
Dean swallowed hard, seeing Cas' feet move around in the little room, hearing the hanger slide against metal as Cas hung them up.
Dean shivered, despite his warmth, excited for this situation they didn’t often find themselves in—usually too content to just relax in the water and talk nonsense until it became too cold.
The nuances of an over 200-year terf war did not sink into Cas’s conscience, but he didn’t think it needed to. He had decided halfway through Michael’s poor attempt at retelling history that the whole thing was absolutely absurd.
The man turned around as Dean placed the chips on the counter, and under the sunlight, Dean was given a better look at him; messy dark brown hair, bright blue eyes contrasted with dark “I haven’t slept in a week” circles under them, and a red, white and blue tie that looked to be his only attempt at celebrating the holiday. He didn’t look like he was there to party at all and instead sit down and do their taxes.
Half asleep, he felt the mattress move as Cas turned over and lifted himself up on one elbow to take a sip of water. Cas had been restless for over an hour, but Dean hadn’t moved, waiting to see if it was just discomfort or if it truly was a night terror.
“The one on the top,” Cas said, still smiling. Dean swallowed his nerves and grabbed the smaller present as well as the one with the key.
To combat the intrusive thoughts, Cas closed his eyes again—he pretended they weren’t in Dean’s room, in his house, in Worthington. Instead, they were in their own home, their own room, somewhere maybe on the east coast, looking at an entire day with nothing to do but stay in bed.
A half-hour later and the door opened again and Cas, who had started to doze, jumped up from his chair. The doctor returned, this time accompanied by a State Police Sergeant.
And for Cas and Dean alone, they exchanged looks at each other as the group finally moved over to the tree to unwrap their presents, happy that the rings did what they were supposed to do.
“I don’t know how long it’ll wind up taking us to get settled or how long we’ll stay at that cabin at Table Rock,” Dean explained, tapping the side of his glass in thought. “Once things settle I’ll be back to get my shit.”
In those few moments of stillness, Cas stared through the top window of the cab. The moon had moved directly overhead of them and he kept his eyes focused on it, trying to catch his breath.
“Seeing how happy they were, and then seeing those rings on their hands since, made it… I don’t know how to accurately describe it—made it loud?” Cas continued, keeping his eyes on their hands as he ran his thumb back and forth absentmindedly, “Not that you need rings to show each other the level of love that should already be there, but that it clearly showed it to everyone else. It’s… expressive. Telling everyone around that your love belongs to someone, and they love you equally back. You don’t have to explain it.”
The mantra repeated over and over, filling the empty space left behind by the flames. It seared itself into Castiel, marking itself as inescapable. The words remained the only truth left in him with no room or energy to doubt it. It told him all he needed to know.
Castiel foresaw the problem and had warned his superiors this would happen. He warned that if this human was as important as they say he was, then those who ruled in Hell would know that, and would safeguard him to the point it would take enormous power to penetrate their defenses.
Ending where he started, Dean almost called it quits when he saw a group of young women hanging out closer to the back edge of the garden near the gate. Dean couldn’t place names, but one of them looked vaguely familiar, a local, and he could have sworn he’s seen her with Cassie a few times.
