Sherlock put John in the bath first and then slid in behind him. “God, this is heaven,” John thought as Sherlock washed his back and then squeezed out the warm water on his neck. “That feels so good, thank you.” John said as he reached up for Sherlock’s hand. They sat in the bath for at least an hour relaxing in silence until John stirred, “Sherlock, I’m shriveling up to nothing.”
Sherlock never broke eye contact as he said, “A promise is a promise, John. My technique will be somewhat hurried but I assure you it will have the same results.”
John brought a finger to his dry lips as he whispered just above the moan of the wind. “I am the fly in the ointment and speaking from the fly’s point of view I cannot bear to be plucked away from my glorious ointment. Give me a pain pill and I shall be quite fine.”
Before Sherlock could answer back, Clare interrupted, “We need to pick up the pace if we are going to get to cover before nightfall.”
“Right then, Merry Christmas,” the young man said as he practically ran out of the dismal flat, leaving John to face the coldness of the flat alone.
You stop at the door, your back is towards me, your shoulders are tense. “Sleep it off, Sherlock. We’ll talk about this later.”
Sherlock’s eyes teared up and he looked away. “I miscalculated his devotion for me and my mistake has cost us both. I just wanted to keep him safe, you know?”
His pupils dilate, they are black as he says, “I guess he should have chewed his meat better so that he could swallow such a large mouthful.”
John lay in bed his head propped up on one elbow as he watched Sherlock prepare to leave the ship as a painter, detective and lover, only to remerge as a steward, a uniform that would make Sherlock’s presence anonymous, for very few individuals noticed a person in uniform. Sherlock stood in front of a mirror naked, and John admired every inch, trying to ignore the thrill of electricity that jolted through his groin at the sight of Sherlock, putting on socks, underwear, shirt, pants, and finally shoes. Grinning when he saw John openly staring, Sherlock smiled and winked at John’s reflection in the mirror.
Sherlock joined him at the rail and asked, “So, what is your story, Doctor Watson? Wait let me tell you.” Sherlock said as he walked around John. “You recently got out of service in the Middle East, you went to school in London, your childhood was a sad one and you have one sibling. You’ve never been married before and you don’t have any children.”
When you leave, I curl my knees to my chest, comforted by the fact that I can hear you puttering around the flat with Mrs. Hudson. I fall asleep to the sound of your muted voices.
When he finished Sherlock frowned, “John, I don’t like it; this is a dangerous killer we are dealing with.”
“Get, those clothes off. You’ll be lucky if you don’t get pneumonia,” John snaps as my dirty robe hits the ground. Without a sound John guides me to the tub, hooks on a hose attachment and sprays me off like an errant dog that has rolled in dirt.  “Sit on the edge of the tub, while I wash your hair,” John orders.
Irene smiled. “Yes, that is the main reason. Now while Sherlock is otherwise engaged I will tell you what I know of the key. The key is to a Swiss Bank Account that was opened by my grandfather before he was taken to the camps and killed. He gave the key to a trusted friend-a Doctor. Doctor Dunkle betrayed my grandfather and took the key for himself. He couldn’t use it because of his past record with the Nazi’s. He was a Nazi war criminal and would have been tried and convicted for his part in the extermination of the Jews. The key passed to his son. On his death bed Doctor Dunkle told his son about the key, making him swear to give it back to my family. I don’t need to tell you that he did no such thing. The son followed in the footsteps of his father and became a Doctor here at the Children’s Hospital. When he was arrested for participating in illegal experiments on the patients, the key was nowhere to be found. However, many of the surviving children said that the Doctor wore a key around his neck. He never took it off. However, the police didn’t follow up on the lead, due to the fact that most of the children were unstable and went stark raving mad. Only one didn’t.”
Sherlock let himself be led away from the scene in a trance. Scads of photographers waited at the entrance. Like vultures they all clustered around their prey snapping pictures of Sherlock’s blood spattered face and shirt. Sherlock felt numb as he sat in the ambulance, waiting for John’s sheet draped body to join him. But the doors shut. Sherlock’s screams went unheeded as he pounded on the window of the ambulance. The vehicle of death that carried John’s body screamed out of sight.
Sherlock’s body was slick with sweat and he knew that he would be sore in places that he never knew existed before tonight. “John, God where ever did you learn all that?” Sherlock panted as he lay back on the pillows.
As the pre-dawn chill filled the cave, Sherlock snuggled closer to John. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and sighed. “My poor Sherlock you are shaking with cold.” John said as he pulled Sherlock closer. After a few more seconds of shivering, John got up and stretched,” My poor Sherlock is freezing, so I am going to build a lovely fire and then back to the trail okay?”
John crossed his eyes, putting the green olives from the tray that Sherlock had brought on the cart into his eye sockets.
Sherlock’s face was red from the effort it took to breath normally. As tears poured from his eyes, Sherlock uttered not a sound he just stood there weaving in silent shock. “Sherlock, you need to listen to me. John, can be brought back, but there will be a price. If we bring him back, John will be a Claymore.”
Sherlock was already starting to feel his groin harden. “Yes, John come on take me now.” Sherlock whimpered.
John was relaxed and groggy after him and Sherlock’s love making session that morning. Sherlock reached an index finger out and played with the hair on the back of John’s neck as he pushed the wheelchair into a dark, hookah pipe smoked filled room. John leaned back into Sherlock’s discrete touch as his detective surveyed the room like a blood hound. Sherlock’s gaze became intent, then his eyes widened slightly as he spotted the piano player in the center of the room. He wheeled John’s chair through the crowded dining area with ease, coming to a stop just short of the piano player’s chair.
Mycroft smiled, his lips drawing into a thin straight line. “She wants you, Sherlock.” He paused a moment for emphasis and then continued on. “She wants you on the case, Sherlock.”
Sherlock chuckled as he stopped what he was doing and looked up at John. “Nonsense, no person could possibly know everything. I specialize.”
I tie off my arm and then plunge the needle into a bluish vein. I stumble backwards and fall into bed. I smile as my senses fade into oblivion.
“Nope, no that is only part of it. You were bored and you drugged me so that you could laugh at me. So, that you could laugh at me as I totally lost it,” John shouted in anger as he held my head in a tight grip.
“Ah victory is so sweet,” I think as I grind my toes causing the moisture in Anderson’s pants to fan out to his trousers. I duck under the table to observe my handy work. I smile at the wet spot that winks back at me.
Mrs. Hudson laid a hand on his shoulder. “Yes, dear, that would have been ideal. John was never the same after that terrible day. He took your suicide so hard, blamed himself for not seeing the signs.”
Mycroft took the opportunity to grab the cipher out of Sherlock’s hands. “Give that to me. It belongs to the British Government.”
I don’t move. I hear him splashing through the muck to rescue me. Without a thought about his own comfort, John throws himself beside me. He rolls me over. “Sherlock, Sherlock, please be alright.”
Sweat collects on my upper lip as I nod in ascent. You settle me in, check my wound and then you look down at me in concern. “Sherlock, how much pain are you in?”
There are a thousand things I want to say to you, each dies on my lips as you leave the room. I’ve been dismissed, yet again.
Sherlock didn’t answer for his throat felt swollen, and his eyes filled with tears, “John, why did you abandon me? What did I ever do to deserve the way you treated me?” Sherlock thought sadly.
Sherlock nodded and looked out the window as trees, buildings and cars rushed by and Sherlock’s heart felt heavy, for with each tree, each car and each building that whipped by  he was being carried further away from John.
“The black.” Then he went to a cupboard and put on a black lab coat. “Come Wiggins, we have a potion to concoct.”
The ride was over all too quickly and as John got out of the carriage and walked up the steps to Sherlock’s grandmother’s house, John marveled at the beauty before him. The house was white, with a red tiled roof and as they entered the bougainvillea strewn courtyard a collie ran toward them. The dog happily jumped up on Sherlock, oblivious to the silk suit Sherlock was wearing, and wagged his tail. “Good boy, good Figaro,” Sherlock said as he affectionately patted the dog on the head. The dog jumped down and ran to Sherlock’s grandma as she came out of a small chapel. “Sherlock,” she cried with joy as she came over and took his face in her hands. “Sherlock, it is so good to see you and who is this?” She said as she glanced over at John. Sherlock motioned for John to come over as he introduced John to his grandmother. “This is John, a friend of mine from the ship.” Sherlock said as he lightly put his hand on the small of John’s back.
John spent a few more moments conferring with the dragon and then he turned and addressed the small party. “We are going to have to go into Clare’s world. Once there we need to make a sacrifice and shatter the Ice Oracle. Apparently the Oracle is a magical oracle from earth’s past that was used to destroy the dinosaurs. It also acts as a portal between both of our worlds. If we destroy it everything will return to its normal state in Clare’s world and ours. Sounds, easy peasey, right?” John said casually as he shrugged his shoulders. When no one answered him John went on. “Anyway, she knows the way to the opening into Clare’s world and she is willingly to lead us there, in spite of the fact that dragons have sworn to never again have contact with the human race.”
John shook his head in disgust as Sherlock laid at hand on his thigh. “John, it’s alright I’m sure that Laura didn’t know of the camp’s destruction.”
Once she was out of earshot the sales girl picked up the phone and dialed a number, “Hello, Sharon, is that you? Well, I thought I’d just tell you that John is here.”
When Sherlock, awoke John was already dressed with a bowl of rice for him. “Come, on my lay about flat mate, eat something. We’ve got to get going as soon as you are rested and feeling strong enough to travel.”
I grow still in his arms. “I thought you hated me. After all, didn’t you volunteer to search my flat for drugs?”
Laura laughed. “Ahh, Sherlock it’s too bad your proclivities lay elsewhere, we would have made a wonderful team.” She then fixed her bright eyes on Sherlock and continued on. “If you help me find what I seek I in turn will see that John is seen by the best surgeon in the world.”
The atmosphere becomes tinged with a lustful, flirtatious energy and my face heats up. Our waiter shows up just in time. With relief, I order. The meal takes forever and I pick at my food when it arrives.
Tears fill my eyes. “I just can’t. Now go and don’t worry I will find you.” More police cars rush past the window. “Go, now hurry.”
Relief softens the furrows in your brow. “Okay, good. I’ll get you another case I promise.” You voice pleads with me to understand.
Sherlock grabbed Clare roughly and slammed her against the wall. “I don’t care if he’s the fucking Anti-Christ, just bring him back.” Sherlock hissed through clenched teeth.
The makeup person looked at Nina who just smiled benignly at the T.V. crew and shrugged her shoulders.
Sherlock had meant to leave shortly after he was dressed but as he smiled at John, Sherlock’s grin faded, replaced by a need so great that he felt as if his knees were made of a watery unstable substance. Whipping around to face John instead of looking at him in the mirror, Sherlock began to tear off his clothes, heedless of the fact that the shirt was an Armani; Sherlock ripped it off and tossed it into the corner. When he had disrobed Sherlock dove under the covers grateful that John was already naked. For a moment, Sherlock was so desperate for the consummation process to begin that he was heedless of John’s comfort.  Roughly, he wrapped his legs around John’s waist and then like an acrobat act at the circus he gripped John’s body with his knees, until their positions were reversed. Once John’s body was hovering over the top of him, Sherlock let gravity take over, which allowed John to glide down slowly against Sherlock’s jack knifed knees until like a baseball player he slid into base. Once Sherlock knew that his penetration of John was imminent he slowed his motions, allowing he and John to balance with each other like participants on a teeter totter, one up, one down until..until… Sherlock’s thought went unfinished for by this time every idea in his mind palace jumbled around like marbles rolling down a slanted surface; until one by one they were gone replaced by incoherent gasps, groans and growls.
John frowned, sucked in his lower lip and then turned to leave. He then looked back at me and said, “How does it feel to be teased, Sherlock?”
“Fine, report,” John ordered.  As the scout rambled off how many men and demons there were John kept track of them all; however he stopped the scout at the end of his report. “What was that last thing you said?”
John laughed. “I remember. I remember it all, Sherlock.”  Sherlock massaged the front of John’s jeans, until he moved his hand away. “Sherlock, I’m on so many pills, I couldn’t get hard if my life depended on it.” Sherlock tried again. “Not even a ghost of a chance, my specter.”
Clare kneeled down beside John and Sherlock, ignoring the puddles of vomit that soaked her knees.  She took John’s head between her hands and put her forehead and against John’s. John’s breathing gradually returned to normal. He looked at Clare in wonder. “The headache is gone. How did you do that?”
“Where is the white/pale horse of pestilence?” John asked aloud, as his breath came out in foggy tendrils.
John smiled and took the meager rations gratefully, for Sherlock beamed with pride at the fact that he actually found something for John to eat. Once John finished a few crackers and the tea he fished a pain pill out of his pocket, as Sherlock ran around behind him, pushing his chair back in the sitting room. “God, I’m exhausted,” John thought as he struggled to maintain equilibrium between the pain and his normal countenance, for he didn’t want Sherlock to see him grimace as he fought for control.
Mycroft’s expression assumed a faraway look, then looked straight ahead. “It was your fourth birthday. You had a friend over, his name was Victor. Sherrin was insanely jealous of him, complaining that you wouldn’t let her play with you two. We chalked it up as childhood rivalry. If only…Well, idle speculation won’t solve anything, will it? Sherrin wanted to play hide and go seek with you and Victor. The last time I saw the three of you, you were all racing up the stairs. The fire started sometime during the night.” Mycroft paused, inspecting his hands, then continued. “I awoke to the smell of smoke and father calling for us. The fire crew had arrived and I saw them carrying our unconscious mother out on a stretcher. Father collapsed at my feet. Before one of the firemen could grab me, I ran upstairs. Your room was engulfed in flames and I feared the worst. Then I looked in the hall. You and Sherrin lay on the floor. I reached you first. I could only carry one of you, so I grabbed you. By the time, I made it outside the entire house was in flames. It was later discovered that your room had been the source of the fire, started with matches, and Victor…Victor was trapped in the closet with a metal chair hooked underneath the door knob.”
John eagerly stood before Sherlock. “Sherlock, when you got on your knees and took my jacket off, the physical desire for you actually made me dizzy, so much so, that I collapsed to the ground. Sherlock, do you remember?” John whispered.
It was a beautiful Chopin Nocturne and John was thoroughly entranced with their playing, just as they stopped, the ship’s whistle blew, shattering the peaceful tranquility of the afternoon.
Mycroft laughs. “For someone who is so intelligent, you can be incredibly stupid. Sherlock, when you died in John’s arms I have never seen such devastation in an individual’s face. It would break my heart if something were to befall you, brother dear. John, on the other hand would die slowly inside. Take care dear brother; his heart is in your hands.”
Wiggins got up and paced around. “I’m hungry. Is there a maid or butler than can fix us something to eat?”
My feet move forward like I am dreaming. Once we get to our room, you look over at Anderson. “Well, I guess we know who’s getting the royal treatment?”
Laura looked surprised, “Oh John of course you are but John you of all people should know that variety is the spice of life.”
I feel re-buffed. In anger I grab your hand and thrust it under my shirt. “Here,” I say as I move your fingers over the tip of my breast. I shiver under your touch. I am amazed how quickly my body jumps to attention for you, John. I move in closer to breathe in the intoxicating scent of your skin. My eyes flutter as I draw in a shaky breath. I want you to feel me so I grab a hold of your wrist. I want to force it down my pants. Your pupils are dilated as you wrench free. “Stop it, Sherlock,” you shout with a slight tremor in your voice.
Sherlock nodded and rode the elevator down, and as the car sank further and further down, Sherlock felt that he had been played and he hated himself for ever letting his heart run his head.
Sherlock spread his legs further apart, then grabbed tuffs of John’s hair. “No, but I should have. I’ve fucked up. Please come back to me.”
Anderson opens his mouth to speak but I hold two fingers to his lips before they can issue forth their oral message. “No talking, just sleep. Goodnight, Anderson.”
Sherlock gently shook John, but there was no response. “John, John, answer me.” Sherlock desperately shouted. Sherlock shook John harder this time, ignoring the blood that smeared against his jacket. “John, don’t leave me, please. I can’t stand this, this…fucked up world without you. Oh God, no, please John…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off in a sob as he began to make resuscitation attempts by applying mouth to mouth. When that didn’t work Sherlock began to pump on John’s chest in an effort to jump start his heart. He pounded on John’s chest hysterically until Jake pulled him away.
Devin appraised John as if seeing him for the first time and after a few moments said, “I say, that is intriguing, p..Laura.”
“Oh, Sherlock are you sure you won’t share? He’s so delicious. I could eat him up in one sitting,” Laura said as she jostled John’s hair.
Anderson leans against me, looking up at the narrow staircase in dread. Without a word, I sweep him up in my arms and carry him up to your old room, then deposit him on the bed. He looks up at me, then smiles. “Thanks.”
All three prisoners made note of their surroundings. They were in what appeared to be an old brick dungeon, complete with iron bars, chains and manacles. Sherlock was surprised there wasn’t a skeleton or two lying around. He sighed. “Have our captors said what they want from us?” Sherlock asked.
Anderson and I slip upstairs to get dressed. I wear my purple shirt of sex and Anderson opts for a classic white shirt, and black trousers.
“Don’t be ungrateful, Sherlock, I had to pull strings to get you both in here, or would you have been happier with a state run mental institution?”
“Yes, I am feeling better. Go get yourself a scotch and then we can discuss what cases we might undertake when we are back at Baker Street.” I said feeling a slight amount of guilt when John smiled at me. “First, though let’s get my dose out of the way.”
Sherlock made his way downstairs to where Wiggins lay passed out on the couch, an empty glass pipe lay on the floor. “Get up,” he growled, kicking his foot.
You nod. “Okay, sure Sherlock, I just want to say that well you know it’s hard for me to broach personal…things.”
Sherlock looked around him misery. What a dismal place this was. The mountains were rounded and covered with fog like some ancient Japanese painting. The terrain was rocky, but not rough as the stones were as smooth as marble. The air was moist and filled with some kind of peaty smell. Sherlock sneezed. “This place is bloody awful; I hope we find that dragon soon.” Sherlock growled softly.  For some reason he felt that he was in a cathedral and that his voice should be muted.
When the Doctor noticed that it was Sherlock, he just nodded and said, “Okay, hold on Mister Holmes, the patient has to rest.”
Sherlock and Jake trailed behind the rest of the party and Sherlock for the first time ever appeared to be at a disadvantage in this world. “What am I without my intellect and observation powers?” Sherlock thought dismally as he walked beside Jake.
A few days later, I get a text from you it reads: Staying over in Switzerland at Mary’s apartment. Please don’t try and come to us. We will be home soon. Oh, and just so you know no need to clean anything, not that you would. I am renting a flat for the baby and I across town. So, no need to worry about a baby underfoot at Baker Street.
The expression in your eyes projects a thousand things, each one feels like a cut of rejection to me. “Fine, I’ll text the client and I’ll change.”
Jake cursed as he stumbled over yet another snowy rock formation. “This ice is so slippery,” Jake complained as he made his way to where Rathery and Clare waited for him.
Sherlock was the first of the party to answer John. “So, how are we going to get back?” Sherlock asked.
John tossed and turned in his sleep tormented by his dreams. The intensity of the nightmare finally jolted John awake. He gasped and tried to shake off the feeling he was being stalked. A knock on his door brought John fully into the present.
Sherlock nodded without a word, curled up in a ball next to John, aligning their spines together and flinching when he felt the snarl of cartilage and bone near John’s tailbone. As John’s breathing deepened so did Sherlock’s, and when sleep came it stripped Sherlock’s consciousness away with a dull, heavy feeling that resonated throughout his entire body.
“John, you look wonderful? How are you?” Sharon asked in an attempt to hide her excitement at seeing him again.
The clerk’s eyes widened for a moment and then he handed over the key. When they got to the room, John had to open the door. Sherlock’s hands weren’t steady enough, after a few tries and much swearing Sherlock thrust the key into John’s hands. “Here open it.”
Sherlock looked panic stricken for neither of them had thought about how the logistics in that department were going to work. John wheeled over to Sherlock and said, “It’s alright, Sherlock, just wheel me to the restroom and help me out of the chair and then I’ll tell you when I’m done.”
John reached out and unbuttoned the top two buttons of Sherlock’s pajama top, and let his fingers trail across Sherlock’s soft skin. Sherlock drew a deep breath and rolled over and began to kiss, John, slowly at first and then the kiss became, deeper, stronger, and desperate. After a few moments, Sherlock drew breathlessly away, looked down at his own body lengthwise, cursed, jumped out of bed and said, “John I’m sorry, I just can’t…I love you, but I just…can’t…it’s me I…”, and without another word he left the room leaving John to wonder what he had done wrong.
John stared at the messenger in horror, attempting to process what he had just been told. “So, what you’re telling me is that Sherlock wanted to follow us here and so in a futile effort to keep him safe, you sent him back through the tunnel to Ebola infested London?”
John’s eye’s looked black in the dancing firelight as he held out his hand towards Sherlock, “There’s only one way to find out. Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective, come here and suck my thumb.” John said.
Sherlock’s face turned red and then he said in a childlike voice, “I’m already two steps ahead of you…I mean that…I just don’t want you to see…”
I pull my arms away, covering my body when a feeling of shame overwhelms me. “I never make promises.” Then I look into his pale blue eyes. “Why didn’t you wash your hair?”
“Sherlock, laptops give off radiation, you should really…”John’s voice trailed off when Sherlock lifted up the laptop revealing what was underneath. “Oh, I see,” John said wickedly as he reached for Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and then narrowed. “Yes, I suppose my love for you has put me at a disadvantage. Well, never mind it won’t happen again.”
My steps sound heavy on the wooden stairs. I open the door and make my way across the street. My shoulders are bent like an old man. Everything aches in my body. I keep to the shadows and watch for her.  Mary hurries to the door of 221b Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson opens the door for her. I smile, enter Mary exit Sherlock.
“I want you to promise me that you will take care of John in case something happens to me.” Her eyes search mine.
It is starting to rain and Anderson begins to shiver as the rain pelts through his thin jacket. He looks bedraggled, in need of protection. “Come in and get some tea,” I order.
John’s eyes widened and his face turned a shade paler. “No, nope, you’re going to jump, but you wouldn’t do that to me, would you Sherlock? You wouldn’t do that because you’re my friend and friends don’t do things like that to each other.”
A few hours later I am on a jet headed to Eastern Europe, a one way mission, though Moriarty is dead his spirit still lives. Alone protects me. Alone I will defeat the plans Moriarty’s network has planned for London. London will be safe. John will be safe. John and Mary will be safe. Once the plane is airborne I walk over to the bar and pour myself a drink, then another, then another until I pass out.
Mary and I smirk at each other. “John, it’s intermission. Why don’t you go get a drink or something? Sherlock and I will join you in a moment.”
Sherlock frowned but continued on. They had only gone a few paces when Sherlock roused John. “John? John?”
You walk into the room, towel drying your hair. “Oh, Jesus, I just got a shower. Now I will have to get another.”
I am still holding Anderson’s hand. “Anderson, stay with us. Phillip, please don’t leave. We’ll miss you. I’ll miss you.” Then the room quiets and my throat swells while the cacophony of an approaching siren grows closer.
“Anderson, “I shout crawling towards him. He is shaking but he still manages to smile up at me. I know that look. It’s death. “No, Anderson hang on. John, get over here. Help me.”
Anderson doesn’t answer. He just looks up at me with a coy smile. I hear your laughter from the doorway. “Oh Sherlock, he got you good, but no matter I’m a doctor and I could tell your pulse was racing from here.”
John had just finished operating on a soldier that had been wounded in the torso, when he heard the rat, tat tat of a machine gun, it sounded close. He glanced down at his blood filled boots, from the soldier he had just operated on, for reasons unknown to him, blood filled shoes after an operation were one of the things that bothered John the most. An explosion that rocked the tent brought John back to the present, “Jesus, we’re under attack,” John thought as he tried to shield his patient from flying shrapnel and debris. Then another explosion occurred, it was so loud that John couldn’t hear afterwards. He fell to the ground, dizzy unable to move, until the equilibrium in his ear canal straightened out. As he made his way to his feet to check on his patient, John cried out in horror, for only half of his patient lay on the operating table, the other had been blown to bits and absorbed into the desert sand.
I rummage around in our drawers, looking for a bottle of aloe vera gel. By the time, I find it, I feel like I’m on fire. I strip off my clothes, then slather the gel on. Anxiety claws at me.
Sherlock grabbed her hand and squeezed it until she cried out, “Well, I don’t like that nick name and I don’t like you, so get me a guide now.”
Sherlock nodded wordlessly and found that he just didn’t care anymore for John must be dead…he must be. He looked back at Lestrade and said, “Lestrade…Greg…come upstairs, we will all face the end together,” Sherlock whispered as he turned away from Lestrade and headed up the stairs.
This thought squelched any hesitation. His need for a fix was now justified. He looked down at John while he slept. Beautiful.
“John, you need to relax,” I say as I wince at the tight pressure that restricts my movements. I then kiss you and talk to you in French. Then the pressure eases up freeing us both. Our bodies move together like the well-oiled pistons of a fine automobile. I plunge, you push, uniting as one. You call my name and then I call yours. Our releases are so closely timed that we both shudder and moan simultaneously.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said gently, “You have to grow up now, you have to be the strong one, and you have to be the leader. Your friends need you…I need you. You have to be the big brother now.” Mycroft whispered and then closed his eyes as he lay back on the pillow.
I grab his chin. “To quote the immortal Mr. Spock, Anderson, ‘After a time, you may find that having is not the same as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true.’ Now get ready it’s going to be a long night.”
Clare made a low crackling noise in her throat. Though it was supposed to be laughter, it gave John the creeps. “Dr. Watson, I will contact you.” Then she quietly left.
A high pitched scream filled the air, and then Sherlock remembered where he had heard the sound before. It was the screech of a Golem. The horrible creature came into view; it was even more hideous by flashlight. John was the first to react as he stepped forward and quickly wielded his sword out in a challenge. Sherlock took a deep breath as he watched John in action. The passionate way John fought filled Sherlock with desire and horror. His John so sweet, so loving, so sexually charged, hacked the creature to death in a manner of seconds. No one said anything as the evil creature breathed its last.  When John was satisfied that the Golem was dead, he took a rag out of his pocket and cleaned off his sword. Sherlock tried to ignore the arterial spray that covered John’s shirt as he approached the rest of the party. “Let’s go, the Golem are going to smell the blood and this place will be covered with them in a few minutes.” John said as he motioned for the party to follow him.
I type in quick, rapid fire motions. My coordination is off. A dubious effect of the drug that flows within my veins. Sweat pours down the back of my neck. It rolls down my back, tracing its path down my spine, until it rests in the hollow between my ass checks. I want to stand up and itch, but I don’t dare. The dragon is watching me, watching us all, waiting to pounce. I see blood dripping from its jaws, but it wants more. It wants me. It wants John, Anderson, Alice and everyone I’ve ever cared for. I look into its golden eyes.
“Sherlock, I’m going to have to inject the substance into one of the veins on the top of your foot. Sherlock…it’s going to hurt,” You say as you swab the top of my foot with alcohol.
Sherlock pulled the phone out of his pocket and read the text. “SH there have been two more murders in China town. Please come, GL.”
Laura made a clucking noise as she wagged a finger at Sherlock. “Careful, sweetie. I’m the only one that can make his pain go away. I ‘m the only one that can make your pain go away…Sherlock.”
Sherlock lay on his side. His hands curled, his delicate long fingers twitching like the others that lay in rows of human denigration and waste. John put his hand over his face.
“John, what are doing?” Sherlock yelled as he attempted to pull John off the woman. Clare was also pulling at John.
I shrink within myself. “No,” I reply and then turn my attention away from her. After a few moments she gives up and I am alone.
“I’m just going to get the scissors. Oh and if you don’t mind scoot the chair up to the writing desk there is more light there.” Sherlock said as he whisked out of the room. John put his arms on the desk and placed his head face down to rest on them. After a few moments Sherlock came back and approached John. “John, I’m going to have to cut some of your hair to get the gum out. Is that okay?”
My groin leaps to attention and I want to yell at it. “No, it definitely turns me on. The physical combinations of us being together is intriguing.”
“John, I know what ironic means. In point of fact it is ironic that…” It was Sherlock’s turn to get interrupted by John.
Sherlock tensed as he waited for John to touch him; however John just snuggled closer to Sherlock. “I love you, Sherlock.” John said as he burrowed closer to Sherlock’s pliant body.
When the little party finally arrived at the gates of Asmat, John was amazed, for the wrought iron gates were covered with dragon sculptures and it seemed as if the dragons moved and slithered around each other. John stepped forward to get a closer look but on closer inspection the dragons were made of iron; nothing more. As the gates cranked open the shaman, John and Sherlock made their way into the city; and as they left the gates behind John could have sworn he heard a hissing sound behind him. There was no time for contemplation; however for there in the center of the city was Ratherty and another dragon, which could only be her mate. Ratherty spotted John and slowly made her way over to where he stood with her mate in tow.
John laughed. “Sherlock, you are so arrogant, I should find it annoying, but somehow it suits you. Seriously, Sherlock, being caretaker for a partially paralyzed person is a lot of work, and I just don’t see how…” John’s voice trailed off for Sherlock was across the room in an instant, making John blink at the almost supernatural speed at which Sherlock ended up by his side. Sherlock stared at John’s thin lips obsessively for a few moments as he took in every detail, the way they rested, the top portion slightly over bottom ,the way John sucked the lower corner of his lip in just enough to detract  but not diminish its size.  Slowly, he leaned forward and kissed John lightly on the lips.
“Meow,” Sherlock said as he began to lick John’s neck. “Is there some milk in here for me?” Sherlock asked in a high pitched voice as he tweaked John’s nipple.
Mycroft’s cheeks felt tight as he smiled and replied. “Hmm, yes it appears so.” He looked through his infra-red goggles and then let them drop as he said, “Dear god in heaven give me patience.”
Sherlock sat down on the ground, knowing he was going to pass out any second. “You’re a proper genius you are.” Then his eyes fluttered shut.
An awkward silence overtakes the room and threatens to swallow us up. I surrender to it. You do not. “Sherlock, I know you’re curious and so I forgive you. Just don’t…don’t ever do that again.”
Sherlock jumped up from his chair and stood in front of Mycroft. “Don’t talk of John as if he were a pet. He is a decent, loyal, wise human being, and my friend. I miss him.”
Sherlock nodded as he handed over his precious cargo. As the warmth from John’s feverish body left his own, Sherlock shivered. He spared one glance over his shoulder towards the Bedouin’s retreating figure and then turned his focus to the matter at hand. Once Laura was convinced that she had Sherlock’s full attention she began to speak. “Now I have a proposition for you dear Sherlock. I will let Hugh go unharmed back to his hum drum life, if you help me find something.”
The vehicle hits a bump, and our hands are knocked apart. When I sit up I notice we are in a tactical unit tank. Then I think of Scotland Yard, wondering if Lestrade is okay. We reach our destination and are hustled inside an underground base. I look over at Mycroft. “I get the end of the world is upon us, but why am I here?”
Sherlock sighed as he looked up at the brilliant stars above them. The beauty of their light seemed to mock him. He then looked over at the faint glow coming from inside the tent where John lay and then back at Laura’s glittering pupils that reflected the illumination of the flames from the camp fire. Sherlock’s heart felt heavy as he whispered, “Yes, we have an accord.”
The woman’s dark eyes glittered in challenge for she was clearly enjoying the fact that Sherlock had gotten up and had begun to pace the room. “Doctor Watson, or may I call you John? I am very limber and I’m sure that with a little persuasion I could stick my…”
John walked over and knocked Sherlock’s legs to the ground, “Show some respect, Sherlock. Mycroft, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson are all at risk, for all I know they are dead already.”
I read the text aloud to Mrs. Hudson as we both look around at the spotless flat. “I’m sorry dear,” she whispers.
A few moments later, John’s garments lay strewn around the room in a type of clothing cyclone. John sighed as he remembered their love making sessions. Sherlock nibbled on John’s ear lobe. “I deduce that you are thinking of last night, am I correct?”
Once they were all in the bedroom, Sherlock sat down in the chair and waited. John just stood in front of the woman as she seductively took her dress off, once she was naked, she turned around so that John could get a 360 degree view of everything. Her body didn’t turn Sherlock on, but he had to admit it was perfect, the small rounded breasts, the flat stomach, the full legs that wrapped themselves around John’s waist. Sherlock almost laughed at the bewildered look on John’s face as he dislodged her and deposited her on the bed.
I maneuver around her. “I’m going out,” I say as I leave her, slamming the door on the way out. The only thing that keeps me from haunting my den of iniquity is a text from Lestrade. It reads: dead body found on Market Street, missing big toe. Come at once, I need you.
Sherlock stopped and looked at John as if he had spoken in Mandarin (No, that’s not right for Sherlock speaks all languages), in an unknown language. “John, not to worry I will ring Mrs. Hudson, my I mean our landlady, so that she can get me the name of a contractor that can make the flat accessible for …for you. I’ve got it all worked out, so not to worry.” Sherlock said as he clapped his hands together, refusing to accept defeat.
John looked up a Sherlock’s adorable face and wanted to kiss him on the tip of his nose, “I never thought I would be spending my honeymoon this way,” John thought with disappointment and then one glance at Sherlock’s bright eyes and John was hooked again. After all what did it matter as long as they were together? “Each finger has been severed at the proximal phalanx,” John said and then paused as he waited for Sherlock to ask what the proximal phalanx was.
Sherlock sighed, then peered at him like a cat does its prey. “This thing is a piece of crap and could barely be called a phone by anyone under, oh let’s say 100. It’s a pensioner’s phone for Christ’s sake.”
Sherlock was there too, and like a sleepy child he rubbed his eyes several times. “What’s going on? John, where are you going?” Sherlock asked as he yawned.
“John, I assure you I was hard at work. Very hard, in fact one time I was jerking myself off under the table while you sat in your chair and sometimes I would sneak into your room at night just to watch you sleep. I remember there were times that I hurt I wanted you so bad.”
As tired as he was Sherlock was a considerate lover, so with one limp, sweaty hand he reached in between John’s legs. John chuckled softly. “Sherlock, you are too spent, let me help you,” John whispered as he slipped off his own hakama. Without out a word, John moved Sherlock’s legs apart, he then prepared Sherlock for penetration with his fingers, gently talking to Sherlock as he did so. “Sherlock, am I using too much pressure? Sherlock let me reach further in. Yes, my dearest Sherlock, that’s the spot, is it not?” John whispered as he moved deeper in Sherlock, past any physical discomfort, past any repressions, past his mind-palace, to the place- the place that only he and John shared. Afterwards Sherlock fought the exhaustion that threatened to overtake him until John kissed his cheek. “Sherlock, go to sleep,” John said as he gently nuzzled Sherlock again.
Contrary to popular belief, war is not as active as it would seem, for it is fraught with waiting and stalking, which leads to boredom and stress.  John paced back and forth to keep from the cold from freezing up his limbs, for they could not light a fire, due to the fact that it would lead the enemy right to them. In order to keep his mind from the exhaustive boredom and anticipation of the fighting ahead of them, John thought about Sherlock and chuckled to himself, for he knew that even though he had left Sherlock behind for his own safe keeping, he also knew that Sherlock was bound to be boiling mad. Well, he would have to make it up to Sherlock at a later date. John smiled hoping that his punishment would involve a riding crop. “God, life had been so dreary before he met Sherlock,” John thought, as he practiced defensive moves with his sword. He thought of Sherlock that first day in the lab and he inwardly smiled at the memory of Sherlock winking at him and saying, “The name’s Sherlock Holmes, 221b Baker Street.” As John continued to train, he felt a chill of foreboding pass over him, “John, you are just imagining things, for Sherlock is safe back at the village,” he thought as he thrust his sword in front of him in a virtual killing strike.
Sherlock’s heart beat a little faster as he fought to control the ball of fear that churned in his stomach. John had been sound asleep, so how was it that he came awake that quickly? Sherlock knew that John had a soldier’s ability to switch gears from sleep to fighting mode quickly. However, even a soldier at peak efficiency had a delayed reaction to any given situation. John was instantly awake.
“The Millennial Bridge. It’s the Millennial Bridge. Get me a laptop with scientific management software on it.”
I wait for Anderson to finish his tea. As soon as the cup hits the saucer I speak. “Get upstairs, now.”
You are stubborn John-you don’t leave. “Tell me straight up right now, Sherlock or I’ll call…I’ll call Mycroft. Sherlock, please,” you whisper gently. Your breath tickles the inside of my ear, leaving a small space of humidity.
“John, stop, the man was only training hard the way he is supposed to. John please, you’re going to kill him,” Sherlock pleaded as he plucked at John’s shirt.
John’s eyes were bright with energy. “I’m not tired, Sherlock, but I will stay with you until you fall asleep.”
John wheeled around to look at his savior, and was not surprised to find that she was gorgeous. Long auburn hair cascaded down her shoulders and her smoky green eyes smoldered with amusement when John’s faced flushed at her assessment of him. “Doctor Watson, isn’t it?” She purred.
I swallow and then the noise of the investigation team swirls around me. Confused and conflicted, I give a quick report to Lestrade and then make my way outside. I squint as the morning sun pounds against my sensitive eyes in an unrelenting stream of light. I hate the sun and the whole bloody solar system.
After Wiggins left, he got up and went to check on John. He lay still in the exact place that Sherlock had placed him moments before. “John,” he whispered, then got into bed next to him, holding him close.
“Fine,” Jake lied for his dreams had been full of nightmares of evil winged creatures attacking them.
“There is someone in my face. I can hear his heart beating, so I must be in his arms. The smell is a familiar one-it’s John.  I feel him lowering me to the floor, he tilts my head back, he puts his lips on mine. It’s not a kiss. He’s attempting to resuscitate me. I taste his breath. It’s flavor is coffee, mint toothpaste, and milk-it’s John. There’s something I want to do. There is something I want to say. I can’t. My mind and motor skills have been cut short. This is what abuse does. It cuts things short-kills them. I am fading again. Good-bye, John. You sound so scared. The thought of my death scares you. Poor John, for it is the thought of life that scares me. A life devoid of lust, love, consummation, a life full of loneliness, and boredom-my life.  I see nothing, no bright light, no angels, no Redbeard-nothing.”
You smile and press your forehead to mine. “It’s a non-addictive sleeping pill. Now swallow it like a good boy.”
Sherlock rolled on the ground holding his nose. “Jesus, God, shit, damn fu…,” Sherlock swore in every language he knew, as a result the swearing went on for quite some time.
Sherlock smiled, and when he smiled John basked in its warmth. “John, be careful what you wish for my love.” John traced his dry lips with an index finger. “Ssh, Mycroft and I are here.” Then John looked up at Mycroft. “I think he’s going to be fine, but I want to get him to hospital just in case.”
Sherlock placed a knee on each side of John’s hips, placing kisses along his neck as he whispered, “Hope.”
He grinds his teeth. I can hear it above the buzz of the fluorescent lights. “Make your call and get to work, Brother mine. London, and perhaps all of the world needs you.”
Sherlock sighed and looked over at the man, “Bill me,” he said in his most imperious voice, as he and John walked off.
Sherlock laughed, marveling at how John could diffuse the awkwardness of any given situation. “John, who was that woman you were talking to at dinner?”
Molly stood up her brown eyes full of sadness. “Sherlock, I’m sorry, he’s contracted…he’s contracted…”
Sherlock’s grandma smiled sadly at John, “This is a place for people to go to remember, it’s not a place for someone as young as you, for you have yet to create your memories,” Sherlock’s grandma said softly as she reached up and touched John’s cheek.
Sherlock strode across the room, stood next to John just as John’s stomach growled like a fierce beast. “John, don’t lie to me. When was the last time you ate?”
There are tears in his eyes while I am pulling his hair. He doesn’t look away from me. A smile twitches at the corner of his lips and he says, “I.Q.”
By the time they reached shelter, Sherlock was cold wet and exhausted.  The shelter was a Japanese style house and Sherlock groaned inwardly,” Great, just what I wanted to do is sleep on the floor. Oh well, maybe they have beds in Clare’s world.” Sherlock looked at the floor in the room he and John would share and he sighed when he saw the little futons on the ground. Jake and Clare roomed with two other guests, Jake with a male guest and Clare with a female guest and Ratherty stayed outside in a nearby cave.
Nina smiled and signed, “Oh, Sherlock, you forgot? Well, no matter, my publicist will clue us both in.”
“Sherlock, focus as I taught you to do. Remember emotion clouds the intellect. You are superior now act like it. Oh, and never fear your friend will be well taken care of. I’ve recommended that he be placed in one of the best sanitariums in the country. He’ll be waited on hand and foot.” Doctor Dunkle said leaning down to peer into Sherlock’s wide green eyes. Smiling he took off his glasses, frowning. “Damn, glasses. I hate when a piece of grit gets on the lens.”
Laura laughed. “Oh, John you are so cute. Even if you get caught, you will not be charged, for practically everyone on this planet owes me something.”
A few hours later John, lay back against a flurry of pillows, hooked up to an IV smiling up at Sherlock. “Sherlock, you look terrible. You need to rest.”
Before Teddy could reply a smooth velvety sounding voice interrupted him, “Oh, Teddy do quit going on. Can’t you see the poor man is bored to death?”
“Where the hell is she?” John asked aloud. When no one answered him he continued on. “At least she could do is show up on time. It’s cold and damp.”
John pulled Sherlock even closer. “I do remember being wounded and in pain, but I don’t remember dying,” John said as he ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair.
The room full of diners could contain themselves no longer, as they all started to laugh. Sherlock smirked, “John, we aren’t fooling anyone, come over here and join me.”
John held Sherlock closer. “Sherlock, I would do anything for you. I would battle a legion of demons to save you.” John said as he kissed the side of Sherlock’s neck.
Waiting for the nausea to pass John finally began to feel the effects of the pill and smiled as he gave in to the relief he felt when it took the edge off. Hours later Sherlock slipped in beside him but John kept his eyes squeezed shut for he didn’t want to face him.
“Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, can you hear me?” A voice asked shinning a flashlight into Sherlock’s blown pupils. “Where’s this kid’s family? We’re losing him. Fuck. Someone find out what was in that syringe. We have a code blue, code blue…”
When I awake the next morning Anderson is gone. I am once again alone. The chiming of my phone stops me from grabbing a syringe. I answer the phone in a rage filled tone. “What?”
John thought for a moment and closed his eyes as every sense opened up to his surroundings. It was as if he had been seeing in black and white all of his life and now all of sudden he could see in color. John leaned his head back to enjoy every sensory element in his environment. The sound of the water pouring over the stones in the steam heater, the sound of his own rapid heartbeat and the sound of Sherlock’s slower one, he could almost taste each individual water molecule in the mist from the steaming rocks, the smells of rice cooking in another part of the shelter, the smell of Sherlock’s fear, his tears, the smell of his very essence, God it was intoxicating. “Sherlock, this is wondrous, I only wish you could experience it with me.” John said as he drew in a long breath.
“Don’t think, Sherlock,” John whispered as he slid his arms into Sherlock’s jacket, desperate for the feel of his warm skin. “Sherlock, God you are beautiful,” John said as he divested Sherlock of his shirt and jacket and ran his cold wet lips down Sherlock’s neck, stopping to lightly scrape his teeth against the pulse that beat in Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock lay compliant as John straddled over the top of him, slowly untied the front of his hakama-his pants, and slipped them off. John then began to massage Sherlock’s lower back, kissing Sherlock’s quivering stomach muscles as he did so. It didn’t take deductive reasoning to figure out where John’s mouth was going to touch next, still when Sherlock felt John’s mouth consume the intended target; he tried to resist the urge to thrust his hips upward.
Mycroft stopped pacing, then came to stand at the end of the bed. “So, Sherlock didn’t tell you everything about himself.”
Sherlock reached up and opened John’s shirt and inspected the place on his body that had been torn open. It was completely healed with only a slight purplish look scar where once Sherlock had seen lacerated tissue and black blood. “I don’t understand,” Sherlock said in a confused small voice.
She fades into the background. The walls of my mind palace open, allowing me entrance into their hellish, yet perfect symmetry of knowledge. Everything I’ve ever seen or heard is in here somewhere. I pull up the picture of the puzzle, terrified and entranced by its infinite depths.
Sherlock set a beaker on a near-by table, then glared at him. “Because that’s what you are—the lackey, or would you rather be called the minion?”
“I am out of the IC unit. I can tell because there aren’t as many beeping gadgets. Without opening my eyes I know John and Mycroft are there. I keep my eyes shut to see what I can hear-nothing. I’m bored. As I open my eyes I look to my right, 45 degree angle, John is there. I try to raise my hand to beckon to him. I can’t. I am handcuffed to the bed.  I pull at the cuff like an animal caught in a trap. John, what is happening?”
You pull me into your arms. “Jesus, Sherlock I’m almost already ready for you again. Where do you keep your supplies?”
A few moments later John returned, slightly out of breath, Sherlock didn’t say a word, as he continued to smoke, for he couldn’t remember when he had last felt this overwhelmed, in fact he could never remember being this overwhelmed. John looked flustered as well, as he ran his hands through his hair. “What the heck?” John said aloud as his hands caught at something sticky.
Sherlock grinned up at John and John’s chest actually hurt as he let himself drift away in the depths of Sherlock’s perfect blue-green eyes. “He is everything to me and he loves me. Then why am I so afraid of losing him?” John thought in anguish.
John chuckled as he shook his head, “Nothing, Sherlock, nothing.” He was about to say something else but stopped when he saw the stricken look on Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, what is it?” John asked quietly.
“I’d better not, I need to think and I won’t be able to do that if I stay, but let’s not waste any time. We only have a few days left of the cruise and let’s spend every moment together and then we’ll come up with a long term plan.” John said. His blue eyes sparkled as he gave Sherlock a chaste good-night kiss. “Tomorrow,” John whispered.
Sherlock slammed his laptop shut, but not before Wiggins had a peek at the screen. “So, you’re keeping an uncover blog, are you?”
John seemed to have gained energy from the killing as he led the party. His steps unlike everyone else’s were quick and purposeful. Several times he and the dragon had to stop to let the rest of the party catch up. “Come on, step it up,” John said in irritation.
As the door panel slid open, Sherlock whirled around to see a small Asian woman standing in the doorway. “I am glad to see you awake, Mister Holmes. Your other friends went in search of the lost dragon, you are to remain here until your friend recovers,” She said as she sat a tray of food down for Sherlock and then without another word she was gone and Sherlock was alone in the warm, steamy room with John.
John glared back at Sherlock,” Yes, you are in terrible shape. Your intellect is perfect beyond all measure we all know that. So, Sherlock are you surprised that the great Sherlock is mortal after all? Your mind can’t fix everything, Sherlock,” John said with contempt.
Sherlock’s grandma nodded, “It was your grandfather’s and I have a local violinist come and play it and tune it once a month. He is skilled, but nothing compared to you and your grandfather.”
“Really? That’s not the impression I got,” John said as he enjoyed his moment of knowing something that Sherlock didn’t.
John took the small piece of chocolate from him and sniffed it. “You’re turning me into a drug addict.”
I follow Anderson down to where his motorcycle is parked. He hands me a helmet and then hops aboard the bike. I grimace as I sit down on the seat. Anderson laughs as he turns to look at me. “I need to go by my place for a new pair of pants and a quick shower.”
Alice whines and I hold out my arms to take her. When she is in my grasp, I hold her close. “You know I love you baby, Alice, but your daddies need some alone time, so that we can play grown-up games.” She gurgles, then smiles. I stroke her soft cheek, marveling at how perfect she is. I play with her until her body grows heavy and her eyes close. Her solid warmth makes me relax and before I know it my eyes flutter shut as well.
John looked at the woman before him. He liked her better than the other therapists he had in the past, but there was something about her—a secret.
John kissed the tears that poured down Sherlock’s face and began to caress his chest and stomach. John didn’t want to be too rough with Sherlock after such a revelation and he was hesitant to touch him. Sherlock smiled and took John’s hand. John’s hand was shaking as Sherlock placed it in between his legs. John had never had such an intense sexual experience has he and Sherlock took each over and over. However, as much as the physical intimacy drew them together, it was the emotional bond that fused their souls as one. That night for better or worse Sherlock and John formed a bond that couldn’t be broken by anything on heaven or earth.
I nod, then look past him at the two-way glass that blankets a portion of the room. I can still see the dragon in its depths. “Yes, I’ve saved everyone, well almost everyone.” Before he has a chance to question me, I leave, anxious to be above ground once more.
John interrupted Sherlock. “Rest, Doctor’s orders and I will lay here thinking of a way for you to pay me back.”
John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, his hero, the love of his life and though Sherlock gazed at him in adoration, he also looked afraid for Sherlock had never had to care for another person and though the idea intrigued him it also scared him, for what if the worst happened? What if he became bored? What if he failed?
An looked at Sherlock in the eerie glow of the torch. “Sherlock, you must be careful. Your friend is not as you once knew him. He will reach a point where you can no longer control him.” An whispered and then turned away. Sherlock watched her retreating figure as it faded away into the night, and then he frowned and motioned for John and Clare to follow him. No one spoke until they were out of the sewer and safely back at 221b Baker Street.
Later on that evening John lay in Sherlock’s arms both of them frustrated from Sherlock’s inability to perform. “That has never ever happened to me,” Sherlock said angrily as he took a long drag from his cigarette and blew smoke over the “Please do not smoke in the room,” sign.
Try as he might Sherlock couldn’t calculate how to deal with so many problems, as he muttered to himself, “John, in another world fighting demons, Mycroft, Molly and Mrs. Hudson and myself exposed to Ebola virus, no one is showing signs yet but….”
I then make my way upstairs to my room. I take off all my clothes. I lay on the bed naked. The moon once more makes an appearance, making my skin glow in its illumination. I hear a small sound at my door. I am up in an instant. I know you are on the other side. I want to reach through the wood until it splinters. I stand there knowing that you are just out of reach. I wait, then you turn on your heel and leave. I go back to bed. It’s going to be a long night.
He watched John’s face transform when he took his daughter. “I must have found out about her before my break down.”
Sherlock then rolled over and stood up. It was time to visit the room at the top of the stairs. It was a dark room. A room that held secrets, a room that caressed Sherlock’s mind. A room where Sherlock could calm the internal dialogue that made his thoughts race like a locomotive. It was a room where he could rest. It was a room where Sherlock banished boredom and fear. Before he knew it Sherlock was at the top of the stairs. “I’m almost there,” he thought. Then Sherlock opened the door. The smell of mold and dry rot assailed his nostrils. Sherlock ignored it as he crawled over to the fireplace and removed a small red leather Moroccan case.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Fine, John take a look, if that’s what it will take for you to stop yammering on.”
A few hours later, Sherlock looked at his guide doubtfully, for he didn’t look a day over thirteen. As, if reading his thoughts the boy grimaced at Sherlock, “I may be young, but I am more than able to guide you, in fact I am glad you needed me. I was really starting to feel quite angry that I missed going to battle by one year, but perhaps now I can join up with the other warriors.”
Sherlock stood up and walked over and pressed his body up against John’s, “Bigger problems than this?” Sherlock whispered as he moved his body to where John could feel the hardness between his legs. As John struggled to control himself, Sherlock reveled in John’s discomfort. John looked at Sherlock in disbelief and hissed, “You little piss ant, I will deal with you later.”
John looked confused for a moment and Sherlock felt a flush creep up on his cheeks, as he asked. ”You have me at a disadvantage what is your name?”
John twirled the chair around with Elsa in his lap, heedless of the stares they were attracting. After a few twirls John stopped and looked into Elsa’s blue eyes, “Elsa,” he said as she leaned in towards him, “I’m totally devoted to Sherlock.”
John slid to the ground beside Sherlock and gently took his hands away from his blood soaked nose, ”Easy Sherlock, let me take a look,” John said softly as if were talking to a head shy horse. As John caressed the insides of Sherlock’s wrist with his thumbs, Sherlock settled down. “Okay, Sherlock, let’s see what we have here,” John said as he gently lifted Sherlock’s head and positioned it against his side. John eyes filled with tears for that beautiful nose was broken and he would have to set it. “Sherlock, I am going to have to set your nose, and Sherlock, it’s going to hurt,” John said as he inhaled the intoxicating smell of Sherlock’s blood. John became so engrossed with Sherlock’s scent, that for a moment he lost track of his purpose. “Someone bring me a towel, some wads of gauze and a small bucket of snow,” John ordered as he smoothed the hair from Sherlock’s forehead and rocked him slightly.
“No, they don’t.” I answer. There is no reply. Anderson is gone and I feel worse than ever. Time for the syringe.
John nodded and then without a word took Sherlock’s hand again. Neither of them said a word as they enjoyed the warmth from the skin on skin contact.
Sherlock scooted closer, putting his hand in the waistband of John’s trousers. “Oh, yes my dear Doctor, we are going to do plenty of that but we are also going to dance. We will take the dance floor by storm, you and I.”
Anderson begins to laugh. “Sherlock, you are such a prick. I tried to hang myself with your scarf. It was found at St. Bart’s, at the scene of…Well, you know. The material gave way and I fell to the ground. When I came to I was alone with your bloody scarf still wrapped around my neck. So, yes I was too stupid to commit suicide.”
Sherlock put is fingers together and rested his chin on them. “No, I’ve driven by it several times, but I can’t remember it.”
Sharon wept at the foot of his bed at the anguish that John was suffering and when the Doctor came in and told Sharon that it was possible that John would never walk again, she wept once more.  A few weeks later John was released from the hospital with a grim diagnosis, as to whether he would be able to use his legs again and as Sharon wheeled John from the hospital she said, “John, why don’t you let me tell him?”
“Oh, maybe because you poisoned yourself and your lover with an exotic poison, but not before you kidnapped said lover, drug him off to the country, where you preceded to hire a doctor with a revoked license. And please don’t get me started about the PET scans and the fact that you dosed your plaything with an untested drug. Do you know what the penalties are for administrating unapproved medications on a human subject? There’s enough evidence to put you away for years.”
Sherlock wheeled John into the bathroom with ease and then the dun dun DUUUN moment came, the moment when John needed to be transferred from the chair to the toilet. “Sherlock, it’s alright John said as he gave instructions, “Just wheel my chair parallel to the toilet, lift me under my arms and lower me down to the seat, then I will unbutton my pants. After that I’ll need you to pull my pants and my…underwear down and then I’ll call for you when I’m ready to be put back in the chair.”
“When we searched your flat for drugs. I found two balloons. I didn’t tell anyone. I just stuffed them into my pocket.”
Sherlock swallowed for it always seemed surreal when John said those words. “I love you too, John.” Sherlock said as he kissed the top of John’s head.
Sherlock opened his eyes to the sound of sirens, and as he got to his feet he felt horrified at the scene before him, for he was not at a battle, but in modern day London. Tanks rolled through the streets, and the people that were out on the sidewalks wore masks and looked terrified as they made their way towards their destinations. Sherlock made his way to 221b Baker Street, as fast as he could, he ignored the quarantine tape across the door. He tore off the tape and ran upstairs two at a time.  Mrs. Hudson was the first to see him, “Oh Sherlock, what have you done? It isn’t safe here.” She cried. For the first time Sherlock noticed that Mycroft and Molly were in the room as well.
“I get off on your begging. I want you to suffer for my lack of courage. John…You run from the room. A short while later you come back with a nurse. She injects something into my line. Lights out.”
When Sherlock didn’t come down after a prolonged time, Mycroft hurried down the hall to Sherlock’s room, the bed was empty, the bathroom was empty, Mycroft went into Sherlock’s room once more, looked in the closet and for just a moment his mind traveled back to a time when he and Sherlock were children where games of hide and seek were the activity of the day, Sherlock laughing as he ran down the hall with Redbeard, his hair flowing behind him in a mass of unruly curls. Mycroft blinked and the ghosts faded leaving him with the grim task of getting the key to the room from Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock swallowed back the tears that made his throat hurt and burn as he held out his arms to John. John smiled and as he did Sherlock felt the mental stress that kept him constantly searching for intellectual stimuli, drift away into a cloud of euphoria. John pulled Sherlock’s naked body towards his own until they fit perfectly together. “If we could only stay this way forever,” Sherlock thought as John reached up pulled his head down for a deeper kiss.
John had assumed it was his good natured neighbor come to tuck him in like a child, but Jesus it wasn’t the neighbor; it was… it…was Sherlock.
Gently, you and Mary roll me up in the sheet. You both make me feel safe as your bodies shake and bond together. Though the force of your love making batters against me I am safe in the material cocoon you have both wrapped me in. When the writhing and movement stops you both cuddle against me. I fall asleep with both of your moist arms and legs wrapped around me. And for once in my life I don’t dream of evil. I don’t dream at all. I just sleep. The darkness of my nocturnal wanderings is vanquished by the two loves of my life you and Mary.
Sherlock placed his wet cheek on the back of John’s sweat drenched neck as he gasped out. “God how I love you, John.”
Sherlock smiled wickedly at John. “Really John, you’d think from your lack of insight that you had been the one that was beaten senseless last night.”
The rest at the shelter was almost at an end; Clare informed them at tea a few days later. “The weather is clearing up so we should be able to make good time by the end of the week.”
“Sherlock,” John said in mock sternness, “If you want sex please just ask. After all have I ever turned you down?”
Clare held up her hand for silence as a figure made its way toward them. Jake looked at Clare’s body language to see if this new stranger poised a threat; however as he drew closer Clare relaxed, “It’s okay, it’s only a Mountain Shaman,” Clare emphasized in a reassuring way. The Shaman had Asian features, except that his eyes were a brilliant green and his hair and flowing beard were whiter than the snow. Jake blinked to clear the nausea that threatened to overtake him. According to Clare, Jake had started suffering from snow blindness a few hours ago. However, Clare was as prepared as usual and had handed over a pair of snow goggles to Jake. He had to admit she was right, for when Jake put on the goggles his nausea and headache had instantly cleared up, until now. “What are we in for now?” Jake thought as he gazed into the glowing eyes of the Shaman.
Sherlock’s face was flushed and he felt a little self-conscious as the rest of the party huddled together with their backs turned toward him and John. Sherlock could tell that John was having trouble controlling himself, due to the fact, that John’s jaw was clenched as he looked to the side and swallowed.
When John woke up Sherlock was gone, no note nothing, just the faint smell of him on the sheets and John was reluctant to take a shower for he could still smell Sherlock’s scent on his skin. After a long, lonely shower and a room service dinner, John wheeled himself out on the deck, thinking that the company of other people would cheer him. He was wrong, for their happy bantering, only made John feel lonelier. John sighed and wheeled himself over to a dimly lit part of the deck. The salt in the cold sea air bit at his skin, making John wish that he had put on a pair of gloves before venturing out. He brushed a sea frizzed strand of hair out of his eyes and was just about to head back to the cabin when he heard low voices arguing. Though he couldn’t make out what they were saying, their tone was definitely agitated. Silently, wheeling forward, thankful that Sherlock had oiled away the annoying squeak from the chair’s wheels, John rolled closer to the voices.
I can smell John’s scent on him as he slips off my jacket. “John,” I whisper as his hands roam over my shivering skin. The tips of my breasts are hard. My virtual John presses his thumb in circular motions on them. It hurts, but I beg him not to stop. I feel my control slipping as he ministers to my needs.
Mrs. Hudson was the first to recover, “Well, Sherlock it seems to be the end of the world, or at least London, so you might as well have a cup of tea.” She said with tears in her eyes.
Sherlock pressed down into the pressure John’s fingers were applying and sighed. “Yes, you do Doctor Watson.”
John twisted from one side to another. “Get me out of this chair. I need to go to him.” After Mycroft helped him to the ground, John stared at Sherlock’s supine form. He was curled in a half circle, with one hand over his face, like a cat taking a nap. “Sherlock,” he whispered while he took his pulse. “Thank god, its strong.”
John wheeled over and put a coat on over his sweats and rolled up on the deck. They were definitely going through rough waters, for John had trouble keeping his wheelchair from careening wildly out of control. “Damn,” John swore as a cold, mist of ocean spray blew in his face. “Maybe, I should have contacted Sherlock,” John thought as he struggled to right himself. He had just about got things under control when a voice announced over the loud speaker.
Anderson follows me. I open my mouth to say something and then shut it as Anderson asks, “Sherlock, do you need a ride home? I have an extra helmet.”
I make my way to the sitting room, plop down in my chair and wait, grinding my feet into the unwilling nap of the rug. My breathing is coming in ragged gulps. I struggle to control it. Then you are there and in your arms is a child. I am prepared to hate it for keeping you away from me so long, then she turns her golden haired head towards me. The world stops. She is beautiful. She is Mary. She is you. Her blue eyes cut through my defenses, straight to my heart. You smile. “She’s beautiful, isn’t she?”
John studied Sherlock’s expression for a moment and then the truth began to dawn on him. “Oh God, Sherlock, is one of the reasons you are emphatic to her cause, is that you know how she feels?” Sherlock answer me. “Have been…abused…raped?”
John interrupted Sherlock with a wave of his hand, “Yes, I need a pain pill and no it wasn’t from last night, it’s just a normal day for me, not to worry the pain isn’t that bad. I just need to take the edge off.” John said reassuringly.
John felt weak in the knees, but none the less managed to speak, as he pointed to a photograph of a dark haired beautiful woman on his nightstand, “She wouldn’t like it.”
The anger in your eyes fades; once again I am vindicated by just the slight upturn of your lips. I must cut you off. “What are you doing here? Wasn’t my note clear enough for you and why would you show it to Mary? Leave me,” I say as I shrink back to the corner of the bed. “How did you find me anyway? I’m on a mission.”
John shook his head, “No, just the one shirt please and I will pay cash. I know I know you think I am crazy, but I am getting married…”
John wheeled over and snatched the bottle out of Sherlock’s hand. “I’m fine. I’m the Doctor, remember?”
“Well, I suggest we start by me not ingesting any recreational drugs. I can do that. The only problem I can see is how do we make you irresistible?” Sherlock said as he caressed the side of John’s cheek. “That’s just not possible,” Sherlock whispered.
Anderson takes a small first aid kit out of his back pack and reaches for my bloodied hand. His body shivers as he takes off his gloves and touches my bare hand. “Though I am lowering the IQ of the whole street by speaking I myself am no stranger to addictions.”
I gasp, jerking the straw back. “Hmm, where is the cherry? I must find it.” Anderson’s face flushes first then it turns white as my fingers search for the cherry. “Ah, there it is,” I say as I pull the cherry back and pop it into my mouth.
You smirk. “Sherlock, don’t play dumb on my account. The sexual tension between us was almost unbearable until Mary. It was she that smoothed things out for us. Everything clicked when we were all together.” When I don’t answer, you continue. “All I’m saying is that I’m open to it, if it’s something you want to try.”
“I want you to concentrate on the sound of my voice, follow it, watch the flame from the candle I just lit, relax and let your mind be still.”
Clare backed away to let Sherlock and the demon-John, pass. Lestrade shook his head as they walked away, smiled and said, “Look at how their steps are synchronized with each other, just like they always are.”
Sherlock looked down at John, his eyes boring into John’s open expression. “I’ve been here before. This place was a mental hospital for children and adolescents. Perhaps, you’ve heard of it. The place was called The Thames Hospital for Children.”
Sherlock took a bite of baked potato and said with his mouth stuffed full. “Turn the volume up next time, or get ear phones.”
John smiled deeply into Sherlock’s eyes and for a moment he was the same old, faithful John. Sherlock smiled back. Everything was going to be okay, wasn’t it? John nodded a silent yes to reassure Sherlock.
Sherlock could hear his own heart hammering in his ears, as he got on his knees before John and slipped off John’s jacket. It was just like that night, however, this time Sherlock reached up and unbuckled John’s jeans. John could feel his chest tighten as Sherlock put his arms around John’s buttocks and slipped off his underwear. Sherlock, slowly and methodically eased John’s underwear down to his ankles, so that by the time John felt Sherlock’s breath on his bare skin, his whole body ached with need. John leaned back against the back of his chair to give Sherlock more maneuvering room. John’s pleasure was Sherlock’s pleasure and as Sherlock met John’s need he briefly reflected that it didn’t matter if he was the recipient or not. John’s look of ecstasy and satisfaction made Sherlock want to weep with joy. How did he ever manage to survive in this cold world without his Doctor?  It was at that moment that Sherlock knew that whatever the future brought the bond between himself and John would never be broken.
“My…my sister. She looks like me, her eyes are dark but they see the battlefield like mine do. She is not on the side of angels. She is evil.”
“Yes, always, John, always. It’s been you from the first day I set eyes on you. Was it my cheekbones that first got you to thinking about me, or was it my eyes. Molly, what do you think?”
Sherlock sighed heavily and then wheeled John around to face him, “John…it’s not that, it’s just that I don’t have a lot of experience in well you know…the bedroom.”
Sherlock didn’t reply. He walked over to the fireplace put a piece of paper on it, then stuck a knife through it.
John fired, he saw men cry out in agony and fall, their terrified eyes full of shock and then even though he couldn’t see them, John knew that their eyes had lost their eternal light and stared unseeing up at the sky, dark, opaque, like cold glass marbles. John started to shout to the man next to him, but his words went unheeded as a bullet ripped through his chest. “He’s dead. He was 26, a surgical nurse, a father, a son, a being that was now as dead as the man John had just shot.” John crawled on his belly to where another of their team was struggling to get to safety, when John heard a ping, ping, and then felt a sting in his leg, he knew without looking down that he had been hit. John rolled on the ground in agony, wishing that  nature’s pain killer-adrenaline had lasted longer. The world floated around him in a white haze, sounds far away, life far away, and then no light at the end of the tunnel, no lost loved one to meet him, there was simply-nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing…and then John opened his eyes and there was Sherlock.
“Sherlock, we’ve all been exposed to the Ebola Virus, didn’t you see the warning tape?” Mrs. Hudson asked tearfully.
An shook her head in fear. “No, the Golem have been forcing us to do their bidding. If we refuse they will kill again, just like they did the baker.”
By the time I reach the crime scene, Lestrade is livid. “Where have you been? I need to let forensics in.”
John shrugged. “I have no idea what you are getting at Lestrade and once more I simply just don’t care. Come on Sherlock, let’s go. I want some more of those biscuits.”
Prague is a wonderful city; its dark spires fit my mood perfectly. I pull my scarf tighter around my neck, smiling as I think of you. “Drama Queen, that’s what you would call me,” I think as I torture myself with memories of you.
Clare looked from Sherlock to John and without a word she left. After Clare was gone Sherlock walked over to where John stood. “John, what’s going on?” Sherlock hoped that John would tell him everything so that together they could find out what was happening to John.
The curtains behind the girl parted and a tall, blonde woman with sharp features came into the room. “Why Sherlock, what a pleasant surprise? What can I do for you?”
John laughed,”Oh, no you don’t, you almost froze to death on me,” John said firmly as he purposely averted his gaze away from Sherlock’s prying eyes.
Sherlock sat up straighter, “Actually, I think Mrs. Hudson might surprise us all and do quite well.”
“The one with the ample chest, it was not your best work, but it was full of anger and appealed to the buyer, so that’s all that matters, correcto?” Marco said as he walked over to another painting. His expression sobered, as he looked at a the painting of a young man in a cardigan sweater. Sun light bathed his face, as an older woman stood by his side, with her hands on his shoulders. “Now this painting is genius, it has an almost esoteric quality to it. The painter has left the angry stage and has come full circle to resolution and forgiveness.”
The cab ride over to the murder scene was quiet. Clare, John, and Sherlock each remained immersed in their own thoughts until the cab stopped. As usual John paid the fare. As John got out of the cab he was overwhelmed by a putrid smell. “God, what is that odor?” John said as he gagged and sat down at the curb.
Sherlock spoke softly, his words coming out as a melodic whisper. “John, does she have any idea why you are taking on Claymore characteristics?”
You are at my side in an instant. “You will do know such thing. I can’t lose you, Sherlock. We will work together on this. I am willing to give it all up thought if it means that you could be…be killed. I just… just….”
The woman sighed, walked over to John, and handed him a business card that smelt wonderful, “Doctor, please let me know if you make house calls.” She whispered as her fingers lingered on the back of his neck.
John blushed and looked away and then back again, “What happens after I take the necklace and what if I get caught?”
As the little party made their way through the caves, Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disgust at the retched smell that filled his nostrils. “God, what is that smell?” Sherlock said as he covered his nose with his hand.
Exhaustion finally overwhelmed Sherlock, as he drifted off to sleep he glanced over at John. Were John’s eyes glowing, or was it just a trick of the light? Another thing where was the dog? Confetti always slept at the end of the bed. All these thoughts drifted away as Sherlock gave in to his need for sleep.
Sherlock sat in his chair taking deep breaths; he had to be calm when John and Clare came home. The front door opened and Sherlock could hear them coming up the stairs. John came around the corner first. Sherlock waited the few seconds it would have taken him to notice John’s blood spattered appearance and then he pushed himself out of the chair.
The days go by and I am in full use of my 7% solution. It is getting hard to find a vein. You dearest John come and go. I hardly notice. I am in the proverbial, ‘zone’.  Mrs. Hudson knows something is up and so I avoid her at all costs. I refuse all the cases put before me. I would rather stay within the confines of my mindpalace where I am safe. My sex drive is diminished. I feel numb. Until I hear the water in the shower running and I think of you, the water cascading over your short, thick thighs, over your arms, the wound in your shoulder, the nest of hair between your legs, your lovely manhood resting like an egg, dormant, waiting for me.
I nod my head for you to proceed. Your gloved hand applies the lubricant, then I hear you unwrapping the suppository. You then speak to me softly, “Sherlock, I’m going to slip it in now. Just relax, it shouldn’t hurt.”
I blink my eyes, then shield them from the sunlight. Molly comes to my side. “Sherlock, are you alright? Let me take your pulse.”
Sherlock felt a feeling of dread when he looked at John, for it seemed that John had gained a whole new level of energy in Clare’s world. “Was Clare correct? Was John turning into some sort of monster, and if so what was the cure?” Sherlock thought as he struggled with the facts of their situation. Nothing was as it seemed anymore and Sherlock’s powers of deductive reasoning seemed to be failing.
I back track the blood spray patterns from the corpse to where the weapon lies, then back again. “See this trail of blood? It indicates that another weapon was drug off in this direction.” I smile. I am on the hunt.
I walk down the stairs and freeze at the sight before me. Anderson and you are making out. You see me out of the corner of your eye, then tilt your head so that I can get a better look at the tongue action going on. I take a step forward, then the room tilts around me.
I swear as a flashing blue light reflects in one of my mirrors. “Good luck, catching me,” I think as I ditch the copper.
Anderson hands them over without a fight. The ride back is dangerous and wild. I take risks. I expect Anderson to dig his hands into me, pinch my nipples or scream at me to stop. He does none of these things. His arms gently encircle my waist and he burrows his head into my neck, much like Redbeard would do at a trip to the vet. Against my will I am touched.
“Well, brother mine this time it was. You were born one day, then she was born a few hours later the next day. She was four years old when she perished.”
John smiled into Ratherty’s eyes for her joy was palatable. Her once dark scales glistened and her magnificent tail swished in a circular motion as if it had a life of its own. Ratherty’s mate kept pace beside her in a protective stance; yet he wasn’t crowding in on her space either. Ratherty’s mate was a golden color and his large eyes were cobalt blue. “My God, he is magnificent,” John thought.
John’s eyes instantly dilated as he glanced where Sherlock was pointing. “Sherlock,” John said as he put his hand roughly between Sherlock’s legs, “we’ve got bigger problems than you and I right now. Throw some cold water on yourself and get out there, NOW.”
I turn away from you till I am no longer facing you. “I gave you a miracle. You gave me nothing.” I whisper.
I feel like a child. “No,” I reply as I bury my face in my pillow, willing it to soak up every tear.
John smiled as he shook his head. Sherlock was so cute when his jealousy became aroused. “Well, aren’t you going to introduce me?” John asked in a teasing tone.
I don’t confirm or deny your words. “Mrs. Hudson, I am not sure of what you are referring to. However, if you are referring to what I think you are, John Watson would never admit to having feelings for me. I would have to be cold in my grave before he would weep.”
John nodded and then grabbed his shirt and waved goodbye as he ran out of the shop and down the street. As he ran closer to his destination, John felt as if the frantic pace of the city were keeping time to the beating of his heart. He ran parallel down the side walk so that he could see the Empire State Building from the opposite side of the street, “I’m almost there, I am almost there, Sherlock. Sherlock is the closest thing to heaven I will ever find, “John thought as he hastily looked both ways and darted out into the street. He never heard the car as it tried to screech to a halt, he never felt the impact of metal against flesh, and he never felt Sherlock’s anger as he waited and waited for him hour after hour for a person that would never show up.
I open my eyes and look up. You, dearest John, are standing above me. I smile. You smile back. A nurse and doctor breeze into the room, but you and I are oblivious to their presence. You tear your attention away from me to listen to them. Anderson steps forward beyond the fray of white coats and takes my hand. “God, Sherlock, we’ve missed you. You gave us quite a fright.”
The man looked at John and said, “I am head of security here on the ship and I am to take you to the brig for questioning in the disappearance of Elsa Strauss. We have a witness that says that you had a struggle with Elsa and then you pushed your chair into her and knocked her overboard. Since, Elsa is not aboard the ship we need to question you.”
Once inside the flat, Anderson and I go about our work in silence. “The victim is male, in his 30’s and appears to have choked on a piece of the roast beef he was eating,” Anderson states aloud as he encircles the body like a hound treeing its prey.
It seemed as if days had gone by, before John came home. John had barely taken off his coat, when Sherlock jumped up and announced, “John, I’m bored. I’ve called a servant girl over and I want to have a three way.”
Sherlock’s body twitched in response, then went numb. The back of his neck and sides of his cheeks began to prickle. His lips buzzed and his hearing became more acute, nothing escaped its aural sweep of the room, the ticking of Angela’s watch, the traffic outside, the girl out front smacking her gum, and the sound of his own blood pumping through his ear drums.
I sigh. “Fine.” Then I study the image of the puzzle again, letting its multi-colored design propel me into another dimension—my mind palace. I reach for the tea, not noticing when it burns my lips. The sting dissipates, leaving first a numbness, then a tingling sensation. I ignore it, allowing all sensations to divert to my brain, letting each synapse fire in rapid succession. Colors reflect back at me, purple, blue, yellow, green and an amalgamation of all shades of the visible spectrum—white.
Sherlock sighed, for he wasn’t through tormenting John yet, “What does it matter? If they were exposed to this Black Death, they are probably already dead. What can I do? Nothing, so it’s boring, you’re boring. This whole conversation is BORING.” Sherlock said as he propped his legs up again on the cushion.
John looked up at Sherlock and laughed. “So, we’re going to explore Casablanca in search of a woman named Elsa. I just find it ironic, don’t you?”
When Mycroft came in through the front door, Sherlock was gazing into space, his pupils two small black points in a sea of green. He bent down, retrieving the list, then closed his eyes.
Laura sneezed and Irene wrinkled her nose when the smell of rot and mildew reached their nostrils. “God, what a stench,” Mycroft said pulling a handkerchief from his pocket.
John woke up with a feeling something was not quite right. He then smiled when he recalled their love making session from last night. His sexy Sherlock had been reduced to a quivering mass of passion. Just the thought of him naked, his pale white skin covered with a sheen of sweat made John sigh.
Sherlock took off his clothes, then slipped back into bed. “John, I’m here. You can smell me, taste me, I’m yours, plus I smoked some weed and you know how horny that makes me.”
“It seems we are bound to meet,” Sherlock said as he wiped a lock of curly wet hair out of his eyes.
John laughed and when the laughter died on his lips he became lost in the depths of Sherlock’s eyes.
John laughed as Sherlock took his hand and kissed it. Though Sherlock had meant to let go of John’s hand after the brief kiss he clung as tightly to it as he did the vision of John leaning back in the recliner and for a moment it seemed as if John had not been injured. He was just a man holding his husband’s hand on a pleasure cruise. John felt relaxed, relatively free of pain and as the sun shone on his face he closed his eyes. The last thing John heard before he fell asleep was the chattering of happy passengers and the sound of the ocean as it swirled around the ship’s hull.
Laura sighed. “Oh, well fine. Irene wanted my help to find this key. We still have an open relationship so I agreed. When things became difficult, Irene suggested that I solicit the great Sherlock Holmes for assistance. Which through a few meticulously timed events is exactly what I did.”
I let my robe fall open and flutter to the ground. I then put my coat on and stand before you. You let me watch as you work yourself. I move forward to touch you. “Stop, stay right there,” you command. When you are through you beckon for me to come forward. I tremble, for I get the distinct impression that you are not going to be gentle.
After loading John into the wheelchair Sherlock pushed him back to their cabin, pausing outside the ballroom where couples danced hand in hand and he couldn’t help but remember when he and John had danced in each other’s arms on the last cruise they had taken.
You pound your fist on the wooden floors, causing the solar system mobile above Alice’s bed to shake. “Why do you always have to be so difficult?”
John looked at the strange apparatus that Sherlock laid on the bed. His eyes sparkled like a cat that has laid its catch in front of its beloved person. John frowned, while he wheeled around the bed. “I give up. What is it?”
Anderson throws back his head and laughs. “Just fine. I’m single.” He closes the distance between us. I am the first to back away. “Well, I’ll leave you to it,” he says and then melts into the crowd.
I watch you converse, then I breathe a sigh of relief. I know from your body language that Anderson made it through surgery. Still, I want to hear the words from your lips. You come to me.
I grasp your arm. “John, get up, and take Alice and Anderson out of here. Try to get a cab out of the city.” A barrage of police cars rushes past the window, too many. “John, mass panic is about to ensue. Before the news hits, you must leave, now.”
Sherlock burst through the door, gathering him in his arms. “It’s okay, John, I’m here. Ssh, please, don’t cry. It’s okay.”
John just stood there looking at the woman in shock. “Um, Sherlock, do you think we could at least discuss this?” John asked as he ran a hand awkwardly through his hair.
As if sensing John’s thoughts Sherlock laid a warm hand on the back of John’s neck, “There is no music, without you John, therefore there is no dancing.”
“Well, I was surfing the web for information on a case I was working on and I happened to run across your Blog, and so I violated a few privacy laws and thought, hhmm I wonder what my old friend John Watson is up to, after all I was supposed to meet him somewhere and I never showed up, so I must apologize.” Sherlock said as he snapped out the words, making sure that John could not mistake the hardness in his tone.
“Well, I’m sure you won’t mind if I call you John.” Without waiting for a reply she continued on. “My name is Laura,” she whispered.
Without a word Sherlock sat down heavily in the chair nearest him, as Mycroft came and stood near him. “Sherlock, a third of the city has already died. London is now a closed city and under martial law, the city has run out of places to bury the corpses and have they begun to burn them just outside the city.”
The Asian pulled on John’s arm, “Stop, please.” She sobbed. John stopped and turned to where the Asian woman stood.  The back of his hands dripped with blood as John grabbed the Asian woman by the front of her blouse. Without a word he savagely ripped her blouse open. Buttons scattered everywhere as John threw her to the ground. The Asian woman fought and struggled as John ripped her blouse off the rest of the way. John ignored her pleas for mercy as he jerked off her bra. John was reaching down to work her pants off when Sherlock finally recovered from his initial shock and ran over to assist the woman.
Mycroft throws back his head and laughs again. “Sherlock, though he may not say it, John wants you. But then I forget how would you know about matters of the heart?”
Sherlock was about to snap at John. Then he looked down at John’s smiling face and he became transfixed. Sherlock reached out towards John. John reached up and took Sherlock’s fingers in his hand and brought them to his lips. “John, you undo me. You have since I first set eyes on you.”
Sherlock paused, his face red from effort, his breathing ragged, and then he looked down at John’s calm expression as his hands reached up and caressed Sherlock’s sweaty neck. The lamp from the bedside table illuminated John’s body as it waited for Sherlock, his knees relaxed, his legs opening up for Sherlock.
I think my answer surprises you for you grow quiet for a moment. “Right then, I’m get my things out of your room as soon as possible.”
Mycroft takes it all in. He deduces then his lips purse. Mrs. Hudson is the first to recover. “Sherlock, look at you. You’ve been very naughty. What will John say?”
Teddy relieved that the conversation might be heading towards safer waters he nodded enthusiastically, “Yes, Yes quite right.”
I inspect my handiwork. He will be bruised tomorrow. I sit down on the edge of the bed, defeated. I don’t have the stomach for this. Approaching Anderson I untie the ropes, then I help him to the bed. He lays against my chest like the body of a limp martyr in an Italian painting. Except I am the master and Anderson’s brokenness is my art. I look at him. “Have you no self-respect, Anderson?”  I ask, my voice dripping with distain.
They all huddled around the contents of the safety deposit box and peered at it. Irene reached in first, pulling out something in a leather bag. She sneezed when the material eroded in her hands, then pulled out a black object. “What the hell is this? Another puzzle?”
When Mycroft picked him up, Sherlock wrapped his arms around his brother’s neck, resting his whiskered cheek against Mycroft’s smooth one. “Ice,” he whispered, then surrendered to peaceful oblivion.
After a few moments, Sherlock’s muffled reply echoed back at them. “Yes, now get me out of here. The doors are rusted shut.”  He held the key tightly in his hand like a crucifix, willing himself to be calm.
Doctor Shaw stood up. Her lips were ashen and her hands shook. “I don’t need this. Good day, Mister Holmes.”
John laughed and said, “Sherlock, don’t worry about the room, its fine. What I really need to do is pee.”
John smiled as he thought of Sherlock’s desperation to find a room the previous night. After making several inquiries in the local dialect, Sherlock finally found them a place to stay. John had looked at the outside of the hotel with misgivings. “Sherlock, this place doesn’t look very sanitary or safe.”
Sherlock giggled again for it felt good to have the upper hand. “John, I have only begun to defile myself. Now, I want you to screw me hard.”
“That’s a bottle of Domaine de la Romanee-Conti Romanee-Conti Grand Cru, Cote de Nuits, it’s worth around 8,000 pounds you twat.”
When Mycroft didn’t answer, Sherlock got up and sat next to John. He then took John’s hand in his own as he growled. “Answer him, Mycroft.”
You put both palms on the side of my face. “Sherlock, I’m not suggesting a tawdry encounter with Anderson as our play thing. I’m suggesting a relationship between the three of us.” I am stunned. You laugh. “Sherlock, I do believe you are speechless. There is a lot to consider. Are the three of us compatible and of course Alice must come first. I want her to have a stable home environment.”
The woman looked at him and giggled, which made her small almond shaped eyes go shut. “I think I know what you mean. Be back in a second okay?”
Anderson takes my face and twists it towards him, then without a word he licks away each tear. Words desert me. This action undoes me more than a kiss. He smiles and looks at me, memorizing each detail. I am like a work of art to him. His eyes rove over my body in awe. I lay back and let him take his visual fill. He gasps. His hands shake. His shoulders droop. His facial features twist in despair. When he finally speaks, I almost jump out of my skin. “Thank you, Sherlock for everything.” I move to get up. “No, stay in bed. You look beautiful. I’m…um going to get a shower and leave.”
John looked around the courtyard in wonder and said, “This is so beautiful, I think I could stay here forever.”
Molly nodded. “He’s clean and for all intents and purposes healthy. Well, as healthy as Sherlock gets, but he does seem to be a bit off.” Then they both studied him again.
As the sun began to dip below the horizon Sherlock swore. They weren’t making good time. Though he didn’t voice his frustrations aloud John felt guilty.
The question hung heavily in the room, answered only by the hiss of gas from the pipes hidden behind the imitation logs in the fireplace.
“It’s time for you to take another pain pill. You want me to get some biscuits to swallow it down with?” you ask.
The Doctor turned around to say something else to Sherlock, but he was already gone, rushing across the ship to get their room ready for John.
In an instant Sherlock was across the room. He gathered John in his arms, marched up the stairs, then lay him on the bed. Once he was comfortable, Sherlock lay in between John’s legs staring at his prize. His hands shook, reaching for John’s belt buckle. Though nothing that sprang out at him was a surprise Sherlock gasped when he looked down.
A tap on the door made Sherlock jump up from the chair, “Well, John she’s here. What’s it going to be?” Without waiting for an answer Sherlock ran to the door and let the Asian woman in.
Then there was a swooshing sound. Sherlock frowned for it was not the opening of a drawer but that of a door. He turned and there was John in a wheelchair. “Jesus, this stuff is hard to get out of one’s hair,” John said as he scrubbed on his scalp with a towel. He stopped when he saw Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, everything’s fine. We didn’t tell you about this part of the plan so that you would appear genuinely grief stricken. I must say you outdid yourself. The pounding on the ambulance window and all, nice touch. I mean I pretty much figured that you would come to the conclusion of my supposed death on the ride over. So, when did you figure it out? Was it the color of the blood that gave us away or the color of my skin? Sherlock?”
John got off the bed and answered the door. Sherlock pushed his way into the room and searched John’s face. Nightmares had plagued John ever since Sherlock had known him. “Are you having nightmares about Afghanistan again?” Sherlock tried to make his query nonchalant; however, the worry for John made Sherlock’s voice slightly higher than usual.
That was one of the last thoughts that ran through his mind as something hit him from behind, John screamed for help, but the sound was torn away on the wind. Slowly, like a large vehicle tipping on the road, John fell sideways on to the wet, slippery deck. He was still conscious when his head hit the wooden planks of the ship and John thought it strange that the water made the deck seem as if it were painted black. John’s body went numb as his attacker drug him face down on the deck to the edge of the railing and then right before they reached their destination, his attacker’s goal, John’s death, his would be killer began to slam John’s head on the deck over and over until John lost consciousness. The last thing he remembered was the dark water, that matched the dark blood that flowed into his eyes and the last thought he had was of Sherlock-Sherlock’s beautiful sea-green eyes, the color of his eyes life for John, the color of the sea death for John.
Sherlock struggled to prevent himself from weeping as he lay in John’s arms. “SSh, it’s okay,” John soothed. “Don’t worry about me I can take care of myself. You just lay back and enjoy the sensation,” John whispered as he licked behind Sherlock’s ear.
But it wasn’t okay and Sherlock felt grim for the rest of their journey. By the time they landed at a Bedouin camp just outside of Petra, Sherlock had allowed his foul mood overtake him. After setting up camp, everyone had dinner and then sat back around the fire.
I smile and then outright laugh. “Oh, no don’t say it again. We all know you’re not gay. Not John Hamish Watson, the doctor, the soldier, the heterosexual model for us all. Sherlock is not my boyfriend. We’re not a couple. And oh God don’t get me started about that scene at Angelo’s, in which you almost pissed yourself when I called you on your let’s date signals. People will talk. John Watson the confirmed bachelor. Relax, John I know I am sexually repugnant to you. I’m just a machine. I can’t fall in love. I can’t crave another’s touch. It’s all about the work. Now get out and leave me alone, John.” I am openly sweating as I shout out the last words.
Laura reached out and grasped his hand like a venomous snake. “Don’t cross me again, Sherlock or John will pay.”
Sherlock stopped and took a deep breath, “I will spend Christmas Eve with you, but John I am well I mean it’s just that I don’t...I mean I want to spend the night, but first things first, let’s get married.”
John nodded, “Sherlock, I know that took a lot for you to admit, but I’m a Doctor, remember? Sherlock, I’m your Doctor. Now hook your legs across each arm of the chair and scoot down a little.” John said as he reached forward to work Sherlock’s pants down. When John touched him Sherlock flinched making John pause in his ministrations, “Sherlock, are my hands too cold?” John asked softly.
“Sherlock, that creature is no longer John, he will turn on you, you have to cut off his head,” Clare said as she restrained herself from advancing on Sherlock and the demon.
John felt as if someone had sucked all the air out of his body, “Oh my God, no..Sherlock. Sherlock…” He whispered as Sherlock’s whispered name went from his warm mouth and then faded away in a cold cloud of fog.
“I can hear the Symphony with perfect clarity in my mind. Make a note about the pain med’s I’ve been given. I may want to experiment when we get home.” I say as I listen to each note as they swirl around my mind palace in perfect detail and color.
Sherlock laid a possessive hand on John’s shoulder. “Why would anyone want to harm John?” He asked aloud.
Sherlock stopped and looked at John quizzically, “John, we both know you will say yes, so I am just saving us both some time.”
He got up, ignoring the IV in his arm. His gown fell open when he stretched to reach John’s bedside.
You turn me over. You are sitting on the edge of my bed. Your hip touches mine. I lay partially between your arms; your hands are clenched into fists, making the bed sag under their angry pressure. “John,” I slur. “I’m fine, leave me alone.”
My face crumples as I stare down at the worn carpet. You walk over to me. I look down at your feet. I refuse to look up. “Sherlock, I’m sorry,” you say.
A few weeks later and Mycroft slowly recovered, London buried its dead and cleaned up the debris, the dragons resumed their habitation in the Chislehurst Caves, Clare went back to her world along with Jake who wanted to work on developing a closer relationship with her and Sherlock and John resumed their activities with one another. The events that had overtaken London were talked about in the days to come and the four horsemen were brushed away as radical terrorists until finally the world agreed that London had been hit by a pandemic type of plague and nothing more, and the tales of the horsemen were talked about only by children who shivered in the dark at the memory of them.
The Shaman looked at Sherlock with his opaque blue eyes, “Sherlock, the plague horse has entered your world. The city you call London is in a panic as thousands die from the Black Death.”
Sherlock stood closer to John and was about to answer, when a ship’s photographer with an iPhone took a picture of them both. “Oh no, I can’t be seen with you. I mean you’re famous and my fiancée would never understand.” John said frantically.
The Shaman nodded, “Very good, John. Each shimmering mirage, as you put it, is full of hundreds of demons, the horsemen are in a state of meditation, when they fully regenerate, they and their demons will have the power to travel to your world. The horse of pestilence has already gained his full power and at this moment is ravaging your home. John, we must kill the other three horsemen before they regenerate or all will be lost. However, if we awaken them in the attempt they will immediately come out of their trance and attack.”
“Sherlock, here let me help you. I swear you would starve to death if it weren’t for John and I. I’ll fix a pot of peppermint tea, that should soothe his stomach and I’ll send up some sandwiches.”
As John took Sherlock fully in his mouth, Sherlock groaned and cried out in ecstasy, “John, God…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off when at the crucial moment John shakily replied as he turned his head to the side and took a deep breath, “Sherlock, it’s okay move deeper inside my mouth,” John said as he half gasped, half shouted.
Hugh held out his hand for John to shake. John took it and held onto his hand a little longer than necessary. It was fun to watch Sherlock fume. “How nice to meet you Hugh, I’m a great admirer of your work. I just love your new CD,” John gushed as he smiled at Hugh.
Sherlock’s pupils were dilated and his heart beat fast, only calming when he noticed John’s anxious face peering into his own. Without a word he nodded to John, then maneuvered himself to an upright position. With a bored look he said, “Well, here’s the key. What next?”
Clare shrugged. “What do you mean? The ice is the ice.” She said as she turned away from Jake’s scowling face.
I blow her a kiss. “Who cares about decent?” I say. Then I turn around, off to the scene of the crime. My shelter. My sanctuary.
“John, are you sure you don’t want to spend Christmas Eve with my husband and I?” The brown skinned nurse asked John. Her liquid brown eyes stared into John’s deep blue eyes and for a moment they absorbed his grief, then her expression shifted and her mind moved on to happier things-Christmas things.
John’s eyes glittered with excitement as he stood before Sherlock. “Sherlock, reenact that night. Get on your knees and take off my jacket, however, this time do what you wanted to do  instead.”
A silence fills the room. It terrifies me. “No, but we are going to have to make some ground rules. I casually brought up our proposal to Anderson in hospital. He is considering it, but you’ve got to get it together. There is too much at stake here. Goodnight, Sherlock and I…love you.”
The next morning when John finally woke up, he was surprised that he had slept so late for it was at least 10 A.M. “I must be getting lazy,” John thought as he rolled over and then the previous night came back to him in a rush and John’s light feeling went away as he remembered the look on Sherlock’s face when he had run out of the bedroom. “Well, I don’t blame him,” John thought in self-pity, “for most people wouldn’t want to be seen with a cripple, let alone go to bed with one. Pain, I’m in pain,” John thought as he reached for his prescription pain killers. He struggled a few moments for the bottle was just beyond his grasp and then just as his fingers made contact with it, he lost his balance and fell out of bed with a loud thump.
You look confused and then realization makes your eyes go wide. “You’re not teasing me? You love me?”
“Hey, get the hell out of my cab, or I’ll call the authorities.” For a moment it seemed as if John was going to snap the cabbie’s neck, then he took a deep breath.
Sherlock took John’s arm, leading him outside on the pretext of playing the violin. He clung to Sherlock’s arm, allowing himself to be led to a bench where he sat down with a thud, out of breath. “Sherlock, would have gotten on to me about letting myself get out of shape. He would say, ‘John, keep up. I won’t be seen around town with an old man that can’t keep up.’ Yes, that’s what he’d say, if…if he were still here.”
Sherlock held out his hand. “Where is the phone you bought?” Wiggins dug in his pocket, then handed a small phone to him. He looked down at the small black flip phone. “What the hell is this?”
When Sherlock came to John had jerked off the blindfold as was frantically undoing the handcuffs. “Sherlock, oh my poor Sherlock, are you okay? Please talk to me.” John’s voice trembled the same way it had when Sherlock had jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s.
John frowned as Sherlock’s Grandmother’s words came back to him, ‘Sherlock is always attracted to the case he hasn’t solved, the art he hasn’t tried, the person he hasn’t met.’
“Sherlock, I haven’t come to grips with what happened last night. I’ve experimented before but never…never… have I…”
Sherlock’s throat was raw and he felt as if he were going to throw up. “Just do it,” Sherlock hollowly replied.
John smiled a slow, seductive smile, when Sherlock blushed. “You know you are so cute when you blush like that.”
Sherlock’s grandma looked out into the distance and smiled, “Someday I will send it to you,” she said softly.
John could feel the tears welling up in his eyes as he turned away from Sherlock, “No, more questions, please, for we said that if one of us wasn’t there, that there would have to be a damn good reason.”
Her perfume lingers in the air for a moment after she is gone and I wonder why I feel bereft. The thought soon leaves me as your skilled surgeon’s hands probe in all the right places. I lean back in silence and enjoy the skill of your fingers as they bring me to bear. “Sherlock,” you whisper. “I want to try something new.”
About a half hour later John joined Clare in the training area. They practiced with the staff, swords, and hand to hand sparing. Sherlock showed up about twenty minutes later with a staff of his own. He and John trained together for a few moments and then John came and stood beside Sherlock, so that he could correct his stance. John leaned over and sniffed. “Sherlock, did you shower?” John whispered as he wrinkled his nose.
As they trudged upstairs, Clare looked back at John and Sherlock. “You two must have a lot to discuss. We will reconvene tomorrow, goodnight.” Clare locked eyes with Sherlock and then looked away as she made her way to John’s room. John and Sherlock didn’t speak until they were situated in Sherlock’s bedroom.
I arrive at the establishment on time. Everything is just as I have instructed. The room is dimly lit in order to deceive me. I take off all my clothes. I then fold them in neat piles. I slip on my long black coat. The door opens. My virtual John comes in. He has been instructed not to speak. He has been instructed not to meet my eyes. He wears John’s coat, his shirt and his aftershave.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he glanced over to where Hugh sat. “Why should I care what happens to Hugh?”
“Sssh, Sherlock, let me help you find your equilibrium,” John said as he calmed Sherlock’s fluttering hands. “You have such long fingers. Let me show you how useful they can be,” John said as he guided Sherlock’s shaking hand to its target.
Once dressed, I am the master detective again. Baker Street feels cold as I make my way to my chair. I nearly jump out of my skin when I hear your voice.
John nodded, gagged a few times, then buried his nose in the fresh starched linen. They passed row after row of twitching bodies.
I peer over your shoulder and I almost loose it when I look at the jagged scar that disfigures Anderson’s abdomen. “That’s a wicked looking wound.”
The drug I have infused into my vein backfires on me. The cozy feeling has been replaced by fear and anxiety. “What if John, doesn’t come back?” I think. I race up to our room in a blind panic. I am sweating. My collarbone is throbbing. But those things are nothing compared to the anxiety that grips me when I see you’ve moved your things out of our bedroom. “What if he moves out altogether?” I think as I sit down on the bed and rock. It’s been around 8 hours since I last used. My bottom lip sticks out. “I’m not an addict,” I whisper aloud.
Sherlock sighed. “There’s has got to be a logical explanation, other than some superstitious mumbo jumbo.” He snapped and then Sherlock glanced over at Clare, as he thought of the Golem they had seen. “Okay, so maybe there is something strange a foot. However, there has got to be a way to stop them. “
Sherlock winked at John as he pulled two rings out of his pocket and John was utterly amazed when his ring fit perfectly. “Sherlock, how did you know my ring size?”
“So, I guess the…the excitement was mainly on my part then?” I ask in dread. Each syllable feels heavy, encumbered.
Sherlock paused and said, “Shut up, John, breathing is boring,” as he continued where he had left off.
Anderson’s looks like a slaughtered pig, his eyes wide and rolling, his mouth open gasping for air. “It’s almost as if I’ve choked him.” I speculate on this for a moment or two, getting hard at the thought of his life in my hands.
There is no ‘love Sherlock’ just a simple question. Anderson is at the doorway to the flat. He turns to look at me. Though his expression is neutral, his eyes are full of pain. I have seen that expression many times. I have felt that expression many times, every time I look at you, dearest John. What a bastard cupid is.
John cleared his throat anxious to find out what Laura getting at, beside the obvious of course, “Laura, perhaps you should tell me what this is all about?”
Sherlock nodded happily and then frowned, “Well, they are lovely rings, but they don’t match. I hope you don’t mind…that they don’t match. I mean well I got them from Molly.”
I nod, not meeting your eyes. My hand shakes when I reach for the fragile looking tea cup. I look up at you and tears form in my eyes. “John, I….”
The moon goes behind the clouds and we are once more immersed in darkness. We roll away from each other and lay there in silence. I am the first one to speak. “I don’t think our quarry is coming tonight.”
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed an attractive hue of pink at the word ‘husband’. The flush turned a deeper red and traveled to his neck as John’s unwavering gaze explored his husband’s entire body from head to toe.
John looked up into Sherlock’s red face and said, “Sherlock, are you trying to tell me that you haven’t…you haven’t been close to a man?”
I look around at the corpse, noting the defensive wounds on his arms. “The victim was definitely attached with two machetes. See the marks on his arms and how they have different striations? They would seem to indicate that the body was struck with simultaneous blows like this.” I then demonstrate with my imaginary pair of machete.
Then it is time. I am rolled over on my back. Virtual John pierces my nipple. I cry out as he makes the hole bigger. Big enough to fit in a nipple ring. It is the symbol of caduceus. The wings tear at my flesh as it is worked through the small hole. I let virtual John maneuver the sex toy. “Push on the ring at the same time,” I order him. “Push it hard, John.” The pain is a little too much. You punish me. I punish you, until the sun’s rays illuminate the darkness of the room.  I roll off the bed. I then take a shower, crying out when the warm water hits my piercing.
I concentrate on the soothing sounds of your voice. When I no longer struggle for air I look up at you. “What happened?” I ask.
Sherlock threw his cigarette down and walked over to where John stood, “Here let me take a look.” Sherlock said as he sifted through John’s hair, “It appears that the little bugger put a massive wad of gum in your hair.”
I look at you as you stand in front of me in your striped robe. I frown as I say, “You aren’t dressed yet? Hurry up John; we don’t want to miss our quarry.”
I stop and look up at him, my lips are swollen and moist. I lick the corners, then pull him close. His eyes are wide full of pride and guilt. “You, it’s you. You’re the toe slasher.” I whisper.
Sherlock smirked when the starched material came into view. “Still getting your hankies ironed I see.”
Sherlock pulled back his bow at the same time as John and it was no surprise to them both when their arrows found their target. The noise and screaming continued around them, as demon-John put his arms around Sherlock to protect him from the debris and then all was quiet for they were in the eye of the storm. There were so many things Sherlock wanted to say but words left him and he felt that the universe and whatever forces ran it were in a flux of irony at that moment, for Sherlock had never felt so safe and protected as he did when he lay in the arms of his demon-John. Sharp objects cut at Sherlock and demon-John’s skin until black blood mingled with red blood and human flesh merged with demon flesh and then there was a silence so intense that it felt as if the entire city and suddenly become sound proof.
John smiled enveloping Sherlock in the oceanic depths of his blue eyes as he kissed the shivering muscles of Sherlock’s stomach and as John’s cool lips moved downwards Sherlock entwined his fingers in John hair whimpering when the oral stimulation threatened to overwhelm him.
Sherlock did as he was told as he leaned back, his glassy eyes appeared midnight blue as he shuttered.
John pulled at Sherlock’s arm as he tried to pull away, “Sherlock, don’t retreat within yourself, there are some biscuits in the nightstand drawer as well as my pills. Get me a glass of water and then come straight back here. Sherlock, are you listening?” John asked firmly.
Sherlock nodded, “Nina wouldn’t like it either. So, I guess that’s it,” he said, as he and John parted.
Sherlock’s eyebrows went up in surprise,” A Doctor? Well, that’s a comfort, in case I get sick or anything.” Sherlock said as his voice awkwardly trailed off. “Well, Doctor Watson, are you traveling alone?”
Sherlock reached around his waistband for the round cylinder that held John’s pills. “God, how I hate these,” Sherlock thought as he held out his palm to John. He then watched John’s every movement, the way he reached for his canteen, the way his hand shook as he took a drink, the way his throat pulsed as he swallowed the pill. Sherlock’s face began to flush as he stared at the skin on John’s neck.
The Shaman looked back at John and spoke softly, “One horseman and his demons have already regenerated, so the remaining three will follow very soon. If you were to awaken the horsemen at this time, they would still have hundreds of demons at their command, John this will not be easy.”
Sherlock wanted to ask more questions but the need for John weakened his stoic facade. “Well, only a fool argues with his Doctor.”
Sherlock felt his hands start to shake. “I don’t know.” His normally placid, bored, expression was twisted in fear.
Angela leaned forward, while Sherlock took his jacket off, rolled up his sleeve, thumping his arm until he found a blue vein, then he gave her one last lucid gaze just before he plunged the needle into the targeted blood vessel in front of him.
Sherlock held John closer. “That is a troubling dream; however it’s alright I will always be with you.” Sherlock whispered as he ran his hands through John’s hair.
John’s heart was pounding as Sherlock locked eyes with him; Sherlock’s eyes looked almost black they were so dilated. There wasn’t a sound in the room except the music that blared from Sherlock’s computer, it was Holiday by Greenday.
John Watson was getting married to a barrister that had dated him for years, she had groomed him, educated him in the arts and finer things of life, and so now John supposed that it was time to get married. Sharon was a wonderful person, so why didn’t he feel more excited? When Sharon offered to send him on a cruise, John jumped at the idea. All these thoughts fled his mind as he bent down and picked up the gold plated cigarette case and started to hand it to the tall green-eyed man that stood in front of him.
Sherlock winked at John, grabbed the iPhone out of the man’s hand and threw it overboard. “Hey,” the man exclaimed.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side like a puppy as he looked over at John. “John, I have no idea what you’re talking about and just for your information I am a high functioning sociopath not a psychopath.”
You hand the baby over to Mrs. Hudson, introducing her as Alice. She makes small squeaking sounds but is otherwise good when Mrs. Hudson carries her away. After they have left the room you face me. The strain of the past few months have been too much for me and I collapse in your arms. You lower me to the couch, holding me while I tremble in your arms. I am furious with myself. I’m not a virgin bride on her wedding night. I wrench free of your grasp and stand up. The room swirls around me but I ignore the sensation. “John, I’m glad you’re home and baby Alice is quite lovely. You must be tired. I’m going up.” I don’t make eye contact. I just turn and run up the stairs.
As I reflect back on our times together, I think back on how I always thought of you as John this or John that in a third person sense. Now I when I think of you, John, it is in first tense-you always you. Things have been strained between us ever since that night I came home smelling of sex and cigarettes. I told you it was for a case but the shock on your face tore through my heart like a knife. A knife that continues to slice a little bit of my heart away each day, until I die by a thousand cuts. I have only been under cover as a sex worker for two weeks. Nothing has turned up in regards to the case. I have performed many different sex acts with the detachment of a true sociopath. Virtual John tells me that I have a gift for this kind of work. So, it is nice to know that if I decide to quit solving cases I can become a prostitute. I chuckle as I imagine the look on your face Dear John.
John struggled against Clare and Sherlock and then he pulled himself off the woman and grabbed Sherlock by the throat and threw him to the ground. John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s throat and began to choke him. “I have three seconds before I lose consciousness,” Sherlock thought as he struggled for air. “John, please stop,” Sherlock rasped.
John laughed and then continued where he left off with his finger motions. “Sherlock, I want you now.”
You cross the room and take my chin between your hands. “Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. Did you take a pill?”
Anderson is by my side in an instant. He helps me up and leads me over to a low stone wall. He sucks in a breath of air as he inspects the results of my fall. My trousers are torn and bloody knees poke out of each leg.
John looked back at Sherlock’s scowling face and cheerfully bounded over to him. “Sherlock, this place is great, isn’t it? Are your allergies acting up again?” John asked in concern as Sherlock sneezed again.
“John, don’t refer to yourself as a cripple,” Sherlock snapped aloud. “You are the target because someone wants to get to me through you.”
Sherlock chuckled as his hands encircled John’s waist and then moved downwards. “John, no one person could know everything. I specialize. I took measurements and observed just so that I could see a certain look on your face.”
I look up into your blue eyes and I want to beg you to stay in bed with me but instead I just look away and say, “Whatever, John, you know it makes no difference to me.”
Before Sherlock lost all concertation, Laura demanded his attention. “Mycroft, it’s time you explain to your little brother and his husband what the real game is.”
You dearest John, plunge your swollen cock into me, while Anderson moans, watching while my body adjusts to your girth. He says, “You two are so fucking hot.”
You slide into the chair that Lestrade has just vacated. I lean against your shoulder. “Sherlock, close your eyes and try to relax.”
“Fuck, I can’t reach him. I need to get this IV out of my arm.” Then before Mycroft could reach him, he eased the needle out and threw it to the ground, watching while the clear plastic tube slithered away in the opposite direction. He smoothed John’s hair back from his clammy forehead, until he opened his eyes. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock shifted on his feet making it seem as if he were trying to keep his balance on the deck of the ship. “Well, I thought we might go back to the cabin and…”
Sherlock ran over to where John was beating the guard senseless. “John, stop you are going to kill him.” Sherlock shouted. John didn’t even turn to look at Sherlock as he continued with his grim task.
“Sherlock, I love you,” John whispered as he caressed the side of Sherlock’s face. “Come on Detective, let’s go home.”
Clare looked at him in confusion for a moment and then nodded as if prompted by an internal reference. “Good morning, Jake, how did you sleep?”
The security officer had begun to lose patience as he looked at John’s horrified expression. “Mr. Watson or should I say Doctor, please get dressed and come with us? We’ll leave for a moment and give you some privacy.”
The Asian woman took some of their supplies and gave it to the woman as payment and then she paused. “Are you bored? Because I would be perfectly willingly to do a three way with you and your partner anytime for free. Does that appeal to you, Sherlock?”
John laughed, “Sherlock,” and then his heart pounded in his ears as he looked into Sherlock’s green eyes. “Sherlock…”, John said softer this time, as if he were in a cathedral.
John nodded, as he kissed Sharon on the side of the cheek. Afterwards she looked down for a moment and then caressed John’s face, “I’m happy for you and just keep in mind if you ever need me I’ll be there for you.”
“Sherlock, this case sounds just right up your alley, doesn’t it dear?” Mrs. Hudson said firmly, jolting Sherlock’s attention back to Lestrade.
Sherlock struggled to keep his balance as he lifted John from his wheelchair to a deck recliner. “John, I think you’ve put on a few,” Sherlock said as he flopped down on a recliner beside John’s.
John shrugged and slipped in beside Sherlock. “I don’t think anyone cares about that sort of thing here, Sherlock.”
As Sherlock quietly left the room, he noticed the wheelchair backed in a corner, overwhelmed by the situation Sherlock tried to compose himself, after a few attempts he strode over to the couch where John lay. Sherlock didn’t bother to wipe the tear that slid down his cheek as he took John’s ice cold hands in his own, “Oh God, John, why did it have to be you?”
The Shaman nodded, “He might wake up with a slight headache, but he will be fine. I will watch after him. Good luck in battle, John Watson.”
Clare shook her head sadly. “John, I have only helped you to control the pain. Your senses have gone beyond fight or flight. The colors you see are auras of each individual’s energy levels. You are what we call a blood hound. I am not sure how, but somehow my close proximity has activated these abilities. As a Doctor and a soldier you are naturally predispositioned to take on these characteristics.”
Sherlock wasn’t used to John being this way so he spoke up. “John, we are all doing our best,” Sherlock said through clenched teeth.
John took her hands in his and smiled sadly, “Sharon, I’m fine, but I’m in a hurry, I’m going to meet someone and we’re to be…”
I gasp in shock when the helmet comes off. It is Anderson, but not the Anderson I know. This Anderson is dressed all in black, the hair that once hung around his face is now pulled back in a ponytail, his beard his trimmed, showing off a set of cheekbones to rival my own.
After a quick breakfast they hit the trail as Clare and Rathery tracked the other dragon’s trail. They had only gone a few kilometers when a giant winged blue bird swooped down on them, it quickly changed its mind about the party being easy prey when Rathery breathed out a plume of fire in the bird’s direction. After that the day wore on and on, until Jake almost wished for something to happen, anything to distract him from the plodding ahead in this frozen wasteland. When Clare stopped suddenly in front of him, Jake almost ran into her. “What is it?” Jake whispered.
Sherlock moved his long fingers beneath John’s pelvic bones. “That is a given dear Doctor. Are you going to scream?”
Your eyes grow large, then you smirk. “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do, Sherlock. We’ll deal with this together.”
Sherlock cut her off, “No, don’t say it and how would you know you only deal with dead bodies. You’re not a real Doctor.”
The woman realized she was no match for Sherlock and so she mentally adjusted and asked, “So, ivory man, how are you going to pay for a guide?” She spat.
John walked over to his stripped robe and plucked out the black card. He then shoved it in Sherlock’s hand. “Sherlock, after tonight’s events you are going to have to take this seriously. I almost lost total control, raped a woman and killed you.”
“Well, we’ll see about that. Where is that damn healer anyway?” Sherlock asked as he looked around. As the needle slipped into his neck Sherlock cursed himself for not being more alert to his surroundings. Then-darkness-nothing.
Sherlock’s eyes fixated on John. “No, you are my next case John Watson. Once you are finished with physical therapy we are going to take another cruise and do you know what we’re going to do?”
Sherlock nodded, then jumped up out of the chair, swaying a little. He pressed his hands against the side of his face. “I have to go.”
I close my eyes, but I know I won’t sleep, for I want to record your touch in my mind palace so I can reference and enhance it any time I please. I do so with great accuracy. The tactile memory is clear, leaving me to wonder why my reference to it makes me feel lonelier than ever.
John looked amazed as he stared at his hero-Sherlock. “Sherlock, Sherlock, what are we going to do?” John whispered as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
Doctor Shaw smiled. “Sherlock, he was much worse off when you weren’t here. My recommendation is that you have him re-institutionalized and maybe with time he will recover. Mental health issues related to trauma are difficult to predict. I could recommend a few top-notch facilities that specialize in his type of condition.” She then laid a hand on his arm. “You really have tried your best and the formulas you have created are quite inventive and should be submitted to a pharmaceutical company for further study. It could make a difference for someone else.”
“Yes, I’m here, which is more than I can say for you. It’s the fourth toe that is missing, correct?” I ask.
John looked out the window at the chaos the careening wheel chair had caused. “You mean I’m finally free of the thing.”
Sherlock looked past her painted black nails clicking against the counter to a room in the back.   “I need to speak to Angela.”
It is time to check out of the hospital. John is by my side, wheeling me out to the parking lot. Mycroft is waiting in the limo. Suddenly, I feel afraid. John, you can see it in my face. Your lips are pursed. You are as upset as I. I remember the look on your face when you first caught me shooting up in the attic, the blue light bulb casting a ghostly glow around the room. I always need blue light to find a vein. Your face was stricken just like it is now.
When nothing happened Sherlock sighed jumped up from the chair and pushed John down on the bed. “Do I have to do everything? Come on, John.” Sherlock growled as he undid the front of John’s pants. “Fine, I’ll get you started,” Sherlock said in irritation as he spread John’s legs apart further, so that he could reach in between them with his mouth. After a few moments, Sherlock stopped and Asian woman took up where Sherlock left off.
John popped an olive into his mouth and then answered in a downcast tone, “Fine, let’s just go to sleep, then.”
I go to my drug den. I will wait for you to come and get me. Hours go by, then days, I make out a list for Mycroft and then out of loneliness and boredom I become a willing slave to my habit. When someone comes for me, it is not you. It is Mycroft. I look into his eyes, wrong color of blue, wrong eyes, wrong person. “Sod off,” I say and then turn over.
Sherlock looked a little confused, shrugged and then his face lit up, “John, that’s it. What kind of wood are cuckoo clocks made of?” Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock rambled on, “Linden wood-Linden-Linden, why does that name sound so familiar? Linden-Linden, oh yes that must be it the Linden Case. John, do an internet search for the Linden Case, check November 2013.”
After they left the room, Doctor Shaw looked at him. “So, John thinks you are a figment of his imagination—a ghost?
Sherlock sighed and then urged the horse on. John was getting too smart for his own good. They were nearing their destination when Sherlock felt John’s body slump against his chest.
Clare didn’t blink as she stared back at John. “John, you are a Doctor. You have always been able to smell human blood. That is partly what influenced you to become a Doctor in the first place. Your contact with me has enhanced this ability. I will explain later when we are alone. Lieutenant Lestrade is coming over.”
“Well, it happened in New Orleans during the recording of “Let Them Talk”. After a late night recording session I walked out of the studio to call a cab. I was drunk off my ass and decided to walk back to my hotel. Not very wise of me, but I was drunk.”
“Fine, yes. I’m having Mycroft give me a lift to a colleague’s house. Your treatment plan is finished.” John looks at me for a second time and then looks down.
Sherlock nodded afraid to speak. He glanced over at Mycroft, expecting to see him gloating. He wasn’t. Mycroft looked pained. His pale face a large white oval. He moved towards Sherlock but was pushed away by a nurse.
I don’t trust myself to speak, so I just point to the top draw of my nightstand. As you are rummaging around you say, ”You’d better get some water and stay hydrated. It’s going to be a long night.”
John went into the tiny chapel, crossed himself and knelt down in front of the little altar, as he looked up the sun from a small window lit up his face, and it was this ethereal setting that Sherlock saw, as he watched John from the doorway for a moment and then slowly he walked in, crossed himself and knelt down at the altar beside John and for once in his life, Sherlock felt in awe of another human being as he prayed beside John. After a few moments of prayerful silence, Sherlock and John went into the house where Sherlock’s grandma was setting out tea things. John rushed forward to help Sherlock’s grandma as she attempted to carry the tea tray to a small table.
I get dressed, tell Mrs. Hudson I’m going out. I shoot up again and take a couple of balloons with me for the road. I then take the motorcycle that I promised you I’d get rid of and ride through the streets of London high. I blast music inside my helmet. I laugh as I almost collide with several vehicles.
He nods, pulsing into my palm. Then he huffs a few time, arches his hips, and shoots into my hand, whimpering when I mouth the front of his pants. I pull them down. I have to taste. In between licks, I ask him one more question. “Anderson, would you kill for me?”
I observe Molly when she comes into the room. Her hair hangs in tendrils around her face, making her appear like an anime character gone wrong—her eyes too kind and round. She looks fearful and sad.
Sherlock immediately responded to John’s touch by shivering and shifting his body so that John could reach the spot with less difficulty. John began to look for other maroon colors on Sherlock. One by one he found them and gently kissed them. As John moved his tongue in around Sherlock’s belly button. Sherlock gasped and grabbed onto the sheets tightly and then as John moved lower, Sherlock thought he was going to lose his mind.
John rolled his eyes for they had argued about this before, “Okay, fine, I have mobility issues. Let’s not fight, okay?”
That night I have a nightmare. Mary’s death plays over and over in my mind. I can’t make it stop. I awake with a scream. My sheets are damp with sweat and I know it’s time for a fix. I grow angry as I walk over to my sock drawer, for the indexing of my socks is all undone. Why is it undone? Because I turned my drug den into a bloody nursery. “Fuck you, John,” I think as I rummage around for my balloon, spoon, lighter and syringe.
I storm over to where he is sitting, and I pull a tin of salve from my pocket. “I came to give you this,” I say, holding it out to him.
John rubbed his face in Sherlock’s nest of pubic hair, reveling in its moist softness. “God, I love your scent. It makes my mouth water.”
“Per the records, she wasn’t with Mary on the day of the shooting. It appears she’s now in foster care and her name is…Rosie.”
Sherlock glared at John and was about to come back with a sarcastic remark but the look of joy on John’s face stopped him. “Since when have I thought of someone else’s needs before my own,” Sherlock thought as he smiled at John. “I’m fine John.” Sherlock replied as John’s blue eyes mirrored his own smile. Sherlock reflected how the color of John’s eyes was like the deepest blue of the ocean. As John’s gaze intensified Sherlock could feel his heart beat increase.
Then I focus on the gentle notes of the Chaconne, tears run down my face, while I wallow in the pain. When the volume of the piece swells into forte I bite my lip until it bleeds. I taste blood and tears. I feel bereft, knowing the piece is nearing its climax and though I play it again, it will never be like this performance. Each fingering and bow stroke like a snowflake, pitch perfect, yet no two alike. All musical works have a finale, all notes end, all pieces fade until the last tone ceases to vibrate.
The bike skids to a stop and I wrench the helmet off my head and shove it into Anderson’s hands. He is sure to be angry now. He just looks at me, smiles and kisses the side of my cheek. “Thanks for going out with me tonight, Sherlock. I had a wonderful time.”
Sherlock didn’t answer for he was sound asleep. John took his pulse to make sure Sherlock’s heart was beating as it should. “It is well, dearest Sherlock,” John crooned as he rocked Sherlock in his arms. “It is well…” John thought as he fell into a fitful slumber.
John leaned forward as he said, “The statue that is supposed to be made of gold from the Temple in Jerusalem?”
Sherlock’s lips were pursed in a tight grimace, for John’s crippled state proved that anything could go wrong. “John, perhaps we shouldn’t go through with this.” Sherlock said as he massaged the side of John’s neck.
Sherlock looked off into the distance. “The Chislehurst caves are under London. The caves are remnants left over from when chalk was mined below the city.”
I look at you, perhaps for the last time. “I love you. All three of you. Go back to Baker Street if you can’t get out of the city. Tell Mrs. Hudson, London Bridges.”
You lean back and laugh. “Since when have you cared about hurting me? You know splat, there goes Sherlock from the top of St. Bart’s.”
As soon as Mycroft is off the premises I check myself out of the clinic. I have to prepare the apartment for a baby. I have to clean, remove body parts from the fridge and get baby things. Mrs. Hudson looks in on me in concern as I attempt to tackle the kitchen.
Irene smiled. “John, I am not as cruel as you would think. For I don’t have the key. Sherlock does. It’s all in his mind palace. You see he was the last person to see it. He just doesn’t remember.”
I ignore her then stop when I hear another voice. “Brother, dear please come in the kitchen.”  I don’t want to see Mycroft, but then I hear you coming around the corner. Okay, Mycroft it is. I stroll into the kitchen. I throw your clothing on the floor and face down my brother. He opens his mouth and then shuts it. It is obvious what I’ve been up to. My eye makeup is smeared, my lips and tips of my breasts are swollen, and love bites cover various parts of my neck and chest.
Sherlock straightened up and then sighed. “I’m disappointed in you John. I thought you were more adventurous.”
Sherlock leaned his head to one side.  “And this isn’t disturbing me?” Another clap of thunder made John want to dive under the covers.  Sherlock swatted John on the butt. “Get to bed John Hamish Watson.” As Sherlock pushed open his bedroom door, his white Afghan dog Confetti nudged his way past John, jumped on the bed and burrowed his head under the covers. Each bolt of thunder brought a howl from Confetti that sent shivers down John’s spine.
After I get instructions on where the crime scene is located, I end the call without saying goodbye. “John, can you have Mrs. Hudson watch Alice? I think we may have a case. Isn’t it glorious?”
You look at me. “I know you’re bored, but quit being so cryptic. Valentine’s Day only comes once a year. Try to enjoy it.”
Sherlock grinned when he noticed the shiver that passed through John’s body as Sherlock inched closer. By the time the horse stopped the cool of the desert night had been set aflame by Sherlock’s arousal. Sherlock slipped off the horse, spread his coat on the ground and then held out his arms for John. John slid out of Sherlock’s grasp hitting the sand with a soft thump.
Sherlock cut him off, “John, I need hardly remind you that you are a Doctor, so please reference your knowledge of human intimacy and then please let’s change the subject.”
Laura chuckled at Sherlock’s acidic remark as she winked at him. Then she leaned over and whispered in his ear so that Mycroft could hear as well. “Sherlock, wouldn’t it be fun to experiment? Just you, me and John.” Then she looked over at Mycroft as she said, “Oh, and of course you too, brother mine.”
Sherlock flushed, for he really didn’t know how to put the clothing on. “Yes, please,” Sherlock humbly replied as he went and stood before John in his underwear.
Nina wanted Sherlock to see the world before they were married, so she sent him on a world cruise. Sherlock walked on the deck of the ship, smoking a cigarette, he was bored and only agreed to go on this stupid cruise because Nina wished it. Sherlock was so preoccupied that he barely noticed when his cigarette case clattered to the wooden floor.
John was about to reply when Sherlock’s voice interrupted them both. “John, you will no such thing. Remember in for a penny, in for a pound.” Sherlock said. He looked pale and weak, which was in stark contrast to the firmness in his voice. “John, in for a penny, in for a pound,” Sherlock whispered as he kissed John’s face.
The bar was crowded and Sherlock had to blink several times to let his eyes adjust to the darkness and the bluish cloud of cigarette smoke that encompassed the room. John coughed and Sherlock ran his hand along the back on John’s neck for he knew how much John hated cigarette smoke. John grinned up at Sherlock in response. With any luck this would be over soon.
“That noise, what is it? Jesus, it’s deafening. I should know it. I do know it, don’t I? Ah, yes it is a siren, an ambulance. Good show, John, your resuscitation attempts must have been successful. I’m cold. John, I’m so cold. But you can’t hear me can you?”
Sherlock winced as John struggled to pull his weapon out of the creature. Then with a sickening crack the sword was John’s once again. John trotted over to Sherlock like a puppy, heedless of the gore that covered the front on his chest, and neck. It reminded Sherlock of the time that his dog Redbeard had brought a dead rabbit to Sherlock. Sherlock had been repulsed by the ripped up creature that Redbeard had so lovely laid at his feet. Sherlock had been about ready to scold Redbeard, and then Redbeard’s tail started to wag. Sherlock had looked down into the loving eyes of his dog and said, “Good boy, now let me get rid of this mess.” A slight scrapping noise brought Sherlock back to the present. John stood before him expectantly. Sherlock couldn’t help the tears that filled his eyes. “That was good John. I am very impressed.” Then just like Redbeard’s expression of love through his wagging tail, John expressed his love by throwing arms around Sherlock. John closed his eyes leaned closer to Sherlock and held him tight. Sherlock glanced at their reflection in a shop window a happy, white good luck cat figure waved back at them. Sherlock stared at the cat for a few seconds, something wasn’t quite right. “What is wrong with this picture?” Sherlock thought moments before he was knocked unconscious.
John let the warm water run over him, the dried blood washed away in brownish rivulets down the shower drain. Once he was clean he grabbed his robe and almost ran to jump in bed with Sherlock.
Sherlock inhaled another drag. “John, don’t exaggerate. This isn’t a palace. It’s a Moroccan style home, nothing more.”
“Sherlock, I’m talking about the movie, ‘Casablanca’ with Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart.” Sherlock looked at John, his expression blank. John continued on. “You know, ‘play it again Sam’.”
“Think, John there is always a pattern. Twelve adults, male and female, all different nationalities, John don’t you see?” Without waiting for John to reply, Sherlock’s words burst out like a machine gun, “John, the twelve people, they are jurors.”
He brushed a finger down her nose. “You are such a naughty girl. Now, we’ll let you get back to Lestrade. I can see him lurking just inside the door. If you’re going to do anything untoward, make sure you wear knee pads, your floors are hardwood. Speaking of hardwood, I’m taking my inspiration back to Baker Street. Come on hardwood.”
She rolled her r’s as she moved closer to Sherlock. “A three way, hmm, maybe that was just the thing he needed.” Sherlock thought as he stared at the woman intently. “Let me see,” Sherlock said as he pulled her closer and kissed her and even though her hands quickly found all the right places, Sherlock felt nothing.  He sighed, “Umm maybe some other time,” Sherlock said as he pushed her away and grabbed the box out of her hand.
As you pull her into your arms, warm blood flows down her neck cooling as it drips into the freshly created snow angel’s wing. My mind calculates that the warmth from her body is dissipating. Soon the ground underneath her will give way to the cold grip of winter.
Sherlock scrambled to the top of the cabinet, testing its strength. Once he felt satisfied that it would hold his weight, he stood up and stretched towards the ceiling.
An nodded, “It is because a portal to another world has been opened and the four horsemen and the Golem have come to destroy all that is good.”
Mrs. Hudson smiles a sad smile as she walks over to me. “Sherlock, your timing is terrible. John’s gone out. He said he’d be back in a few hours.”
The Doctor sighed, for he could see that Sherlock was looking for a fight, “Mister Holmes, you can check him out of sick-bay in a few hours, just let me make sure that there are no ill effects from his concussion.”
Mycroft read the text then, read it again, swearing aloud. Then he punched in the number to emergency services.
Sherlock looked at the woman who stood in front of him. She was almost as tall as he and though she was of a sturdy build, there was a fragility about her. She had loved and lost. He leaned forward. “My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock strained his ears, but didn’t hear anything. Then Rathery screeched out a warning just before a large black winged dragon like creature flew into the courtyard. On its back sat a glowing eyed Yoma. John, Clare, and several other warriors from the complex joined John and Clare. The black evil looking dragon looked at its enemies and decided that the odds weren’t to its liking and it flew off. The Yoma stayed to fight. As always John was the first to challenge it. John and the Yoma circled each other in order to size each other up. Instead of fighting with John the Yoma reached back and grabbed Sherlock by the hair. Sherlock cried out in pain as the Yoma dragged him across the courtyard on his knees. The Yoma laughed cruelly at Sherlock’s dilemma and then raised its clawed hand back so that it could rip Sherlock’s throat out.
The friction between us is unbearable and I am surprised he can answer. “I did it…so you…wouldn’t be…oh god, bored!” We then both shoot our loads within a few seconds of each other.
“Sherlock, go to sleep. I’ve got your back,” you whisper. Your soft words tickle the inside of my ear.
Elsa leaned against the railing, the black waves of ocean crested and fell, as the jade necklace escaped the folds of her blouse. John’s eyes fixated on it for he had almost forgotten the reason why he was getting close to Elsa.
I power it up, grimace at the software icon, then roll my eyes. “They couldn’t do better than this?”
I watch while you go over to the nightstand, grab a condom, lube Anderson up, instructing him to get on all fours. He stops what he’s doing and I give you a menacing look. You laugh. “Anderson, don’t stop in the middle or Sherlock gets quite angry.” I smile when Anderson goes back to work, wondering if I should be worried about his teeth biting me while you fuck him. The room begins to fill with groans and the scent of sex. It is glorious, like a perfect Mozart Sonata or the thrilling climax of a grueling case—perfection.
John stopped and looked back at Sherlock with contempt. “Well, perhaps if you ate right, exercised, quit smoking and took care of your body you would be in better shape.”
Then the visceral aspect of passion overtook them both, the chair rocking back and forth while John’s body thrust itself forward, reveling in the fact that it was no longer confined.
John then looked at Sherlock dubiously and said, “Sherlock, did these rings come from one of Molly’s….”
I look at him for so long that my peripheral vision blacks out. With just a subtle shift of my hips his pelvis bumps up against my side. He trembles and closes his eyes when I tilt his head back. My lips are on his, my tongue slips inside his warm oral cavity. I am lost. We both explore, panting then we break apart. I moan when he palms my groin.
“John, wake up we’ve landed,” Sherlock whispered as he looked around to make sure the others weren’t looking. Then he smiled at John, bent down low and licked the dollop of drool alongside of his husband’s cheek.
I round on him. “Don’t cock this up, Mycroft, get me what I need, or you can kiss your ass and everyone else’s good-bye.”
He laughs then begins to wash my arms, kissing the scars I have inflicted upon myself. “Sherlock, promise me you won’t do this to yourself anymore.”
Sherlock turned around in a circle, still holding John close, then he hissed, “I did not. Now get inside and I might let you try some of the goodies I’m making for John.”
John shrugged and put some money into the cabbie’s hand and then he leaned back and put an arm around Sherlock and Clare. “Let’s give him something to talk about,” John laughed as he looked from Sherlock to Clare.
The Shaman nodded, “It is always easier to express feelings for a loved one when that person is absent. John knows what he faces and he has left a letter for you to give you strength. Now, rest you can read the letter when you wake up.”
A high pitched scream filled the air, and then Sherlock remembered where he had heard the sound before. It was the screech of a Golem. The horrible creature came into view; it was even more hideous by flashlight. John was the first to react as he stepped forward and quickly wielded his sword out in a challenge. Sherlock took a deep breath as he watched John in action. The passionate way John fought filled Sherlock with desire and horror. His John so sweet, so loving, so sexually charged, hacked the creature to death in a manner of seconds. No one said anything as the evil creature breathed its last.  When John was satisfied that the Golem was dead, he took a rag out of his pocket and cleaned off his sword. Sherlock tried to ignore the arterial spray that covered John’s shirt as he approached the rest of the party. “Let’s go, the Golem are going to smell the blood and this place will be covered with them in a few minutes.” John said as he motioned for the party to follow him.
Later after things had climaxed out to their logical conclusion, Sherlock watched John as he slept. It was always a fascinating process that Sherlock never tired of.  Sherlock then reached over and fingered the curl of hair behind John’s ear until he felt the egg size lump that John had obtained when his attacker had pummeled his head on the ship’s deck.  Frowning Sherlock withdrew his hand and let the facts immerse his brain. Why did Elsa contact John and why didn’t she meet him at the rendezvous point?  Was she the one who hit him over the head and if not where was she now? And what about Laura, where did she fit into all this?
John’s face flushed. “Sherlock, it takes forever to get me dressed again and…” John’s sentence was cut short as Sherlock stuck his tongue in John’s ear. “Let me worry about that,” Sherlock purred as he wheeled John’s chair closer to the bed. Though Sherlock could have picked up John and carried him to the bed, he let John struggle a little. After a few attempts John was level with the bed. Sherlock crawled across the covers and gently pulled John up and out of the chair. Sherlock then kissed John as he whispered. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
John’s eyes grew wide as Sherlock stood up and winked at him. Then he proceeded to push John down the gangplank. Though he was perfectly secure in the chair, Sherlock still laid a protective hand on John’s shoulder. John reached up and squeezed Sherlock’s hand. For a moment their fingers intertwined, encompassing them in their own moment. Then someone said, ‘excuse me’, and their moment faded away, swallowed up by the jostling bodies around them.
“Sherlock, it’s okay I’m fine. You didn’t hurt me. In fact, I have never experienced anything so marvelous in my entire life.” You say as you stroke my quivering limbs into submission. “I want to be sore when we go to the opera tonight, so that every time I shift in my chair from boredom I will think of you.”
John smiled at her attempt, “No, I’m good for a warm quiet night at home is what I have been looking forward to.”
“Oh, Sherlock, it’s wonderful,” she said as she took his hand. “It makes me miss him, but it makes me happy too,” she said as she lightly stroked the man’s features in the painting. It was as if she touched the oil on the canvas, her husband would magically come to life.
I smirk and then look over my shoulder. Anderson is watching us. He walks towards us, not smiling. Though he speaks to Lestrade of mundane matters his eyes never leave my face. I get angry. He must know I need a fix and finds it great fun to mock me. “I have to go,” I say as I shove past Lestrade and then Anderson.
Sherlock had still not moved as shivers of shock made his hands tremble. “John, I love you, I thought I would never utter those words-ever. John…marry me please.”
As the music came to an end John dreaded it, for he knew that he was approaching the point of no return. When the last chord had been played, its overtones still hung in the air, Hugh left the stage and looked at John pointedly as if to say, “Run, or it might just be you on the slab in St James’ Infirmary.” However, when John looked back at Hugh he was giving Laura a peck on the cheek and when John tried to catch his eye, Hugh ignored him and drifted out of the room, an unlit cigarette dangling from his fingers like a tattered scarf.
Sherlock was starting to get angry. He didn’t like being teased, especially in front of Clare. “Stop it, John. You are beginning to annoy me and probably Clare too.”
As they walked back to Sherlock’s cabin, John felt an increasing amount of nervousness building up in his stomach, so that by the time they reached the door, John felt as if he was going to be sick. Sherlock smiled back at John in the semi-darkness and motioned for John to come in. John hesitated at the doorway. “Don’t worry I don’t bite,” Sherlock said as he pulled out a chair for John to sit in. John smiled back and sat in the chair obediently.
I am furious. What kind of game is he playing? “Yes, it matters, or don’t you know the rest of the piece?”
A wave of sadness swept over his features. “When Sherlock is distraught, bored or in need of clarity, he uses.”
“Sherlock, you can’t use anymore. Do you have any weed? It could help us both relax.” Anderson says as he holds me tight.
Sherlock paled. “Mycroft, give it to her.” Mycroft paused, just as Sherlock wiggled away from Irene. He grabbed the cipher, then handed it to Laura. “You have what you want. Now please back away from John.”
