“Everyone has fucking nightmares.”
“Ah, yeah,” Dean’s out of his waiting room chair so quickly he almost sends his issue of
Lydia doesn’t look mad. She just look embarrassed. Which means maybe she isn’t planning blackmail, right now.
“Go,” Cas turns to Dean. He pulls him off the floor and pushes him slightly toward the still open window. His curtains flutter, in and out, like they’re breathing in the heavy summer breeze. “Hurry,” Cas hisses.
“Yeah, Angel, everything’s good.”
Dean fumbles his hand upward, until he can touch Cas’s chest and tangle his fingers in his shirt. He tugs feebly, and he definitely wouldn’t be able to tug Cas forward unless Cas helped, but Cas leans toward him, and Dean smiles.
Dean hears two thumps of closing car doors behind him. He glances behind him to see that Sam and Eileen have pulled up. He didn’t even hear Sam’s engine. Stupid Prius. They’re standing outside Sam’s car, obviously not wanting to intrude.
It takes Dean a moment of wordless nodding before he remembers he’s supposed to speak.
with Pam. But nothing comes to mind. Pam evidently notices the absence, as well, because she taps her fingers against her knee for a moment before she breaks the silence,
Billie nods slowly. Like she’s testing the waters, she tries again.  “You planning on seeing them again?”
Michael shakes his head. “This is exceedingly foolish. You should wait to regroup with the Nephilim.”
Dean’s cheeks alight with heat. He doesn’t think he’s ever been invited to a birthday party before. Even when he was a kid. “Thanks, dude. Of course I’ll go.”
“Relax, man,” Dean drawls. “Just go with it, huh? I’m tryna give you a hand.” Then he grabs the guy’s hand in his own, and the man’s arm is limp with shock.
He managed without meds – at least meds prescribed by doctors – until he was 26, when it got serious enough that Sam and Bobby had to step in again. Thus began Dean’s roller coaster of medicating, self-medicating, and non-medicating for another three years. Then prison happened. Dean’s been on various combinations of antipsychotics, mood stabilizers, and antidepressants since then, trying to find the mythical true match.
“So, why are you Ireland?” Dean inquires.
Cas desperately wants to reach out and hold Dean’s shoulder again, but he doesn’t think Dean will take kindly to touch, right now. Touch has always been something Dean’s treated with caution. Cas has watched him, shrugging away from closeness, hesitating before stepping into a hug, but also at times seemingly desperate for it: hanging on too long, fisting his hands in the back of Sam’s shirt, teetering on the edge of asking to be touched but not knowing whether or not he deserves it.
“Oh,” Dean says. He can’t say anything else for a long time. His throat is dry. “Well then, ah,” Dean clears his throat. He thinks about empty motel rooms, pitching pills into his palm, choking on whiskey. “I’m glad you met her, then.”
“What do you mean?”
Goddamn, it’d be nice to just ride out this wave. He wants to head upstairs to buy a baggie of Ash’s smoothest Indica. Just spend the day totally blissed out, and he knows he can’t do that if he takes his meds, ‘cause that totally sucked the last time.
“Shit, no!” Dean declares. “At – at the douchebag who hurt him. And – and at me.”
? We met freaking
Content warning (spoilers): Dean attempts suicide with alcohol and pain medication. Also, he has a flashback involving nonconsensual touching and kissing while Dean is underage; the flashback also includes John slapping Dean.
“C-Cas,” Dean gulps through the blood in his mouth. It spills down his chin. All he can taste is rust. The world swims around him: gray light, skeletal tree branches, and Cas’s worried, pained face.
“Good luck, baby,” Shaylene calls after him sweetly, but Dean doesn’t fool himself into thinking she’s anything but glad to see the back of his head.
“Holy shit,” Dean says. “Didn’t learn that one in Sunday school…not that I ever went to Sunday school.”
The passenger side window and Jack peaks his head out.
But he doesn’t want to push too hard. He doesn’t want to come across like a pathetic, needy, lonely man who chain smokes at five o’clock in the morning. He doesn’t want her to think he’s stalking her, or something. Or, God, flirting with her – because Dean’s
Dean has seen
“You salt the door?”
The figure turns and nods, “Dean.” It’s Victor, and Dean darts out to join him.
Dean wants him to relax. He wants Cas to lean into it. He loosens his hold on Cas’s waistband, reaches for his side, instead, presses his palm flat against Cas’s ribs.
I called the ambulance. And I’m not apologizing for any of this shit. You can blame me all you want for landing your ass in that hospital or getting you in trouble with Dad or whatever other bullshit you wanna blame me for, because I
“I’m saying maybe Meg has cause for concern,” Dean poses. He steps closer to Cas. Cas doesn’t back away. His eyes stay trained on Dean’s face, intensely beautiful and calculating.
So, Cas read all about alcohol dependence, ticked off the warning signs in Dean, even though he already knew Dean was an alcoholic, and had been for a while, and he doesn’t understand why it’s come as such a shock to Sam:
She’s obviously intuited the deeper connotations of this conversation, because her eyebrows dip over her eyes, and she looks a little sad, a little wistful. “Thank you, Dean,” she says. “I wish you the best.”
Dean wants nothing more than to hoist Cas up so he can wrap his legs around Dean’s thighs, spends hours licking into his mouth –
. Kids are gonna do stupid stuff. They’re
So, Cas tries to think of ways he can make Dean come back out of his room. It was good that Dean emerged voluntarily this morning for breakfast, but, since then, he again retreated behind his closed door, and Cas’s starting to get worried. He knocked several times to offer Dean food or further assistance, and Dean answered each time, so he knows Dean’s physically alright. But Cas doesn’t know what else to do to coax Dean out of his mental shell.
“So,” Dr. Mortem begins. She offers a small smile. It isn’t what Dean’s used to with Pam’s cheeky grins, but it softens her face a little and makes Dean feel slightly more comfortable. “I’m used to people being a little nervous when they meet me. Apparently, I’ve got a little bit of an RBF.”
“No shit?” Dean asks. “For your parent’s house?”
Dean peers into his brother’s eyes, checking the pupils, but they look normal, so no concussion. Finally, Dean releases the breath of air that’s been clogging up his lungs, and he lets go of Sammy’s face.
Benny scuffs his toe into the floor, and at least he has the grace to look repentant. “Playground,” he mutters.
The weekend is when things get boring. He’s well enough that he can stay awake for longer periods of time, but not well enough that he can get out of bed and go home, so he’s stuck in bed, feeling his ass grow numb, as he catches up on soap operas and game shows.
“Cas, you gotta understand –” Dean turns finally and, shit, he shouldn’t have. Because Cas’s eyes are so
Dean squirms. He makes a small, strangled sound that might have been a sob if it wasn’t for the tube in his throat. Cas brings Dean’s hand up close to his face, so close his lips nearly brush Dean’s knuckles, and Sam feels something deep inside him ache. The movement is so intimate, Sam might as well have walked in on his brother and Cas in bed.
Dean mutely shakes his head.
, but it keeps making Dean do doubletakes whenever Cas stands next to him.
A look of pure disgust crosses Cas’s face. “Do you and your brother have sex, Dean?” he asks.
The laughter that bubbles out of Dean’s throat catches him unaware. It's startlingly warm and bright inside his chest. “Yeah, Cas. It’s a sport’s term.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean tells her.
“I don’t think she likes me very much,” Dean says. He cranes his neck so he can kiss the underside of Cas’s jaw. Cas moans and bares his neck. A flutter of excitement runs through Dean’s stomach.
But now Heaven and Hell feel very real and very close. And Sam’s going to Hell. Sam knows it. Because he’s a murderer and murderers go to Hell.
“Wake me if you need anything,” Cas says sternly. Then, instead of walking out of the door and toward his own bedroom, Cas turns around and falls onto the nearest hospital cot. He curls into a ball and is snoring within five minutes.
Dean murmurs something sleepily. His muscles strain. He rolls onto his belly. The he turns toward Cas. He crooks his left leg, loops Cas’s legs under his. He is very close. He presses his forehead to Cas’s jaw. The greasy tips of Dean’s hair tickles Cas’s nose.
Then Eileen tells the story about how, when Sam first met her, he accidentally signed the word for
him that. Patient information is confidential!”
Cas doesn’t think Dean managed to cut himself, and he doesn’t see any blood, but he wants to make sure. Cas reaches for Dean’s sleeve, but Dean flinches hard and wordlessly moans in protest.
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugs. “Their loss, man. If Cas and I let a little stab wound get in our way, we’d never have gotten to where we are now.”
“Sammy,” Dean calls as he’s reaching for the handle, and Sam startles. “Let’s go home.”
Emma fights to get out of his arms again, so Dean lets her go and then curls on his side around her, penning her in, in case she wants to try walking off the bed. It’s only a foot off the ground, but he’s not risking any unnecessary drops.
Dean wakes and the world is not real. He blinks at the ceiling, which is too far away, and too heavy, and not real. Cas is a pillar beside him, not quite touching him, but exuding warmth, breathing steady and slow with a slight snore on the exhale. He is distant, incommunicable. Dean is swimming in a plastic covering, incapable of touching anything outside of his bubble.
“Yeah. You know cars?”
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Cas says. He sounds unimpressed. Tetchy. And Dean fucking deserves it, because, after all, he’s been a dick to Cas this whole Goddamn day.
Dean doesn’t remember opening the trunk. Doesn’t remember taking out the half-empty bottle. Doesn’t remember drinking. But his mouth tastes like whiskey and his throat burns. And he takes another swallow.
Sam screams inside Dean’s head, and sorry, Sammy, sorry, because there are two options here: either the world’s already saved or the world’s never going to be saved, and Dean can’t do a damn thing about it.
“We didn’t know,” Sam says stupidly. “Until Cas. But – I mean,” Sam adds quickly. “I do. I support Dean.”
, he knows he’s catastrophizing. He just can’t help it at the moment.
“Baby, I’m sorry,” he whispers, voice cracking. “I’m so, so, sorry.” Emma’s probably tiring herself out, because she doesn’t struggle when Dean sweeps her back against his chest. He lays on his side, props her up on his arm so she’s against him, and hushes her with a wobble in his voice.
It’s a joke. Dean knows it’s a joke, in the tasteless, tactless way people make jokes when they’re feeling awkward. His fingers bit into his palms. He hides it by bending to pull up his own underwear and pants.
“We’re not dumb,” Charlie says quietly, but she’s the first to leave. Lisa and Bela follow her out, shooting Benny ugly looks. Jo doesn’t make a move, just picks her rag back up and keeps wiping glasses, staring daggers at the Angels.
“A-alright.”
Dean grabs his laptop and he sits on the couch. Cas sits stiffly beside him. Awkwardly, Dean edges a little closer, until their hips touch. He boots up the laptop, opens the disk drive, and slides in the DVD. Cas inches close enough so their shoulders press together. Dean struggles to keep his breath even. It would be easy to lift his arm and sling it around Cas’s shoulder, pull him close, maybe peck him on the lips quick before the end of the opening credits –
“I’ve said it before,” Dr. Jorgensen says, like some kind of arrogant bastard, “I can help you. But only if you let me.”
, Sam! I was a little kid when I walked in on Dad choking down sleeping pills and puking his guts out. I was
“Did something I do…trigger you?” Cas asks haltingly.
“Pretty please!” Charlie insists. She chortles and tries to tug at both his wrists. Dean twists away, but he miscalculates the amount of space on the loveseat, which is how he ends up on his ass on her floor. Charlie shrieks and lands on top of him. Her attack is relentless: “I was deprived as a child! I never had those fancy Barbie makeover head things! You have to let me! Please let me!” She gives up on trying to ply his hands away and turns to underhanded tactics: tickling.
aren’t going to mean anything to Samuel, not when the man’s knowledge of crazy people begins and ends with psycho killers like Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer. He touches Sam’s arm. Sam stops talking like he had to physically bite his tongue to do it. “I’m good,” Dean tells Samuel.
“Alright,” Dr. Jorgensen says, and shows them out of his office. “You can schedule an appointment at the front desk.”
“Why are you out in the rain?” Jack asks, eyebrows creased in a way that will always remind Sam of Cas.
Sam’s smile turns strained. “This is Eileen. Eileen, this is my mom’s cousin, Robert.”
His fever spikes again in the middle of the night, so they switch him to a stronger antibiotic that makes him puke so hard, blood vessels pop in his face, polka-dotting his cheeks with miniscule bruises. They’re worried about him getting dehydrated, so his IV keeps well-filled, swinging overhead, and there’s a bruise in the crook of his elbow where the cannula went in, making him look like a junkie.
It turns out the m-word is a big no-no. It sets Emma off again, loud, gulping shrieks that make his head hurt. Fuck, he hopes to God Charlie’s either dead asleep or wearing her noise-canceling headphones. And he hopes the noise doesn’t bother his neighbors across the hall. Shit, the whole building can probably hear this. The last thing he needs is a noise complaint. Or worse, the fucking cops called on him.
“That must have been difficult,” Cas says carefully.
But Dean doesn’t say any of that out loud. He just swallows, stares out the window. But he doesn’t pull his hand away, and Cas keeps holding it. So there’s that.
“I used to be able to speak to animals, you know,” Cas says conversationally, idly patting Miracle’s nose with the dog’s head in his lap. Dean’s decree to not let Miracle ride shotgun was quickly overturned in the face of both Cas’s and Miracle’s big, teary eyes.
“Um, sure,” Charlie says. She sounds confused, but she tugs out her phone and immediately starts poking at the screen.
“I’m gonna stay another night, okay?” Sam says. And Dean’s pretty sure he’s not allowed to argue.
Emma is in the middle of the rainbow area rug, chewing on the matted head of a barbie, and she looks up immediately at Seraphina’s call. Her eyes find Dean, and the barbie drops to the floor as her face splits into an enormous smile.
Dean pulls in a quiet, sharp pull of breath, and, when he turns back to look at Cas, his eyes are a little wild. He fumbles for Cas’s hands and pulls them both into his lap, digs his thumbs hard into Cas’s palms.
“Sorry,” Dean whispers. He’s not sure why he’s apologizing; it’s just that there’s suddenly a crushing sense of despair and inevitable failure on his ribs. This is really not how he thought this evening would go.
“Well, same offer goes to you,” Charlie says. “Not that you need to move furniture, but I’m here if you need me.”
“We’ll take it slow,” Cas promises him, bringing up a hand to cup Dean’s wet cheek, thumb finding the dampness under Dean’s eye. “I’ll do whatever you need to make you feel comfortable. I want you to feel safe with me.”
“That’s true,” Michael answers Dean first. “But she does not.” He nods to Eileen, and Dean makes a mental note to get Eileen angel warding as soon as possible. “And I assumed the two of you would be together.”
“I’ll be here,” says Cas. He has a hand on Dean’s leg. He’s staring at Dean’s face, as though his gaze alone is enough to wake him up.
Benny wanders out of the garage, whistling
“Stop it!” Sam yells. “You bastard, stop it!”
A shrill whistle bleats through the air.
“You’re right, it’s not,” Billie says levelly. “But this is where you started your narrative. I wanted to know why.”
“At the, ah,” Dean breathes through the horrible ache in his chest. It hurts. It hurts. It fucking hurts. And there isn’t even anything physically wrong with him. “Apartment.”
“No,” Dean growls. For the millionth time, he wishes Pam didn’t know about that. She’s the one person he could have actually hid his scars from, too, 100 percent total success rate. But, of course, she’d had access to his extensive medical file, so it was a lost cause from the start.
Dean fumbles for his wallet in his pocket. He doesn’t know when his hands started shaking, but his fingers tremble so hard he can barely unfold the wallet so he can count his bills. He’s always carried cash around with him. Dad had a thing about distrusting credit cards.
He loves him, Dean thinks, certainly not for the first time, and definitely not for the last. He loves him. And he loves Jack. His body is filled with so much love for all these people in his house, he feels like he could shatter with it.
“Geeze, sorry,” Sam says, tossing his hands up like it’s Dean who’s being irrational.
St. Luke’s doesn’t have an onsite psychiatrist, so Dean gets shipped across the city to NKCH. There’s another brief freak-out and another threat of sedation because Dean doesn’t want to go in the ambulance. He fucking hates ambulances. They’re just a step above a coffin. But it’s patient transportation policy, and Sammy promises he’ll ride in the back with him, and he says it’s fine,
“Cas?” Sam says blurrily.
“So, let’s start by getting acquainted, okay? First, feel free to call me Billie. I’m a doctor in clinical psychology, and I’ve been working in the field for about nine years now. I focus on trauma focused cognitive behavioral therapy. I know you were referred here by Dr. Barnes, so I’m guessing you don’t have much experience with trauma focused therapy, but correct me if I’m wrong.”
Sam shoots Dean a bitch face to end all bitch faces, “
Dean’s hand creeps to the elastic band of Cas’s sweatpants, inches over the edge with his fingers. Cas draws his mouth away from Dean’s – and his body is thrumming with want, aching with the need to be touched, but Cas never knows how to react when things like this happen. Because he understands that sometimes Dean acts without really wanting to, that he does things out of a misguided need to make something up to Castiel, that he’s overcompensating because he feels like he’s disappointing someone.
“I am not offended,” Cas answers. He turns his head, gives Dean one of those genuine smiles, lips spread wide, showing off his teeth and a little bit of his gums. His nose wrinkles a little.
“Hey, boy,” Dean murmurs. He sits up. Miracle wines. “Come on, come ‘ere,” Dean allows, rolling his eyes and patting his lap.
“Then get the fuck away from me,” Dean says. But he misses Gabe’s next words because the street is weird. The lights are…it all looks kinda one-dimensional. They’re on a stretch of road lined with more bars. A crowd of people spill out of a nearby door, and – and there’s something wrong with them. Dean’s gut tenses in fear, and he’s darting across the road before the people can get too close.
And Dean wants to do something else, too. He does. He can’t deny those shameful, fleeting thoughts that cross his mind while he’s masturbated before, of what Cas would feel like in bed, skin to skin, what Cas would taste like, what Cas’s fingers would –
Dean brings her the rest of the way into the room. He bends to put her in the middle of the carpet, figuring she’ll move to whatever looks interesting. He sits on the floor, as well, bad leg stretched in front of him and back against the couch.
behind saying no to Cas in the first place. But, right now, buzzing with a few beers and bathed in the smoke-doused, burnt rubber smell of a summer night on a city street, it’s really hard to think about anything else then how it would feel to kiss Cas again.
for his girlfriend, or whatever. Dean’s pretty sure it’s not something he wants to think about.
“Did you miss a due date?” Pam asks.
He looks up to find Lydia’s eyes are on him. Her face is carefully guarded. It’s impossible to tell whether she’s pleased or upset by Cain’s decision.
“I, um, talked to my mom after – after our, you know,
“Come on, Dean –” Benny starts to say, but Sam cuts him off.
“No,” Dean says. He swallows, tries to re-center his thoughts. “It’s okay. I was thinking we could – I could fix up some of the cars. They’d definitely fetch enough for a down payment, maybe a couple mortgage payments while we figured out the other stuff.”
“Toy!” Emma shrieks, directly into Dean’s ear, and then it becomes nigh-on impossible to keep her off the ground, she’s struggling so hard to investigate the strange litter of brightly colored plastic and fluff scattered across Dean’s small apartment.
Dean and Sam started coming back to Stull after Dad died. It was Sam’s idea. Spend November second in a way that didn’t involve drinking themselves stupid and getting into a bar fight, coughing back the stink of smoke in their lungs. Visit Mom in the morning. Just the two of them.
“And I will either, one, succumb to a sugar coma and die in my sleep or, two, spontaneously combust from the sheer volume consumed,” Charlie keeps rattling.
“I don’t need to hold your hand. Jesus,” Dean barks.
“I’ve seen it,” Anna says, voice clipped. And she immediately turns her back on Cas. This is it, Castiel realizes, and he has to suddenly bite his lip against the influx of emotion. This might be the last time he ever sees her.
“That a challenge, Cas?” Dean says with an impish look that makes Castiel’s cheeks burn again.
“His name is Leslie,” Eileen coos, scratching the thing behind its ears. “And he likes belly rubs. Don’t you, honey?”
Unless the cops found him. Or Luca.
Dean brings Cas close enough to kiss. Cas stoops at first, but Dean finds his shoulder with his other hand, pushes downward so Cas kneels. Then Dean works his fingers under the edge of Cas’s jacket. Cas gets the picture and shrugs his jacket onto the floor.
“Uhg,” Sam moans.
“It’s, um,” Sam continues, and he looks embarrassed. He looks a little desperate. “It’s fine, you know that, right, Dean? What you’re, ah, going through? Like that’s totally
She steps back over him and sits down on the bed so she can put her four-inch heeled boots back on. Dean’s glad he never really had to dress up for the part. Pair of low-slung jeans and a tight tank top, and he was golden.
back.
Dean’s lost track of where they’re going. His head spins. The walls spiral around him. He shuts his eyes because the vertigo is making acid rise in his throat.
Dean sticks his tongue out at her, half-dissolved lozenge poking out.
The apartment is only about twenty-minutes from the bunker, situated in Lebanon’s neighboring town, Esbon, but Sam heads in the opposite direction, heading East on Route 36, and Dean’s too much of a coward to ask how far of a drive they’re in for.
“Very good,” Pam says. She’s still smiling. “Sobriety ain’t gonna be a picnic, Dean. But I think a twelve-step program under your belt will be a good sign for a judge.”
Dean hesitates.
Finally, the door at the opposite end of the room swings open. A court reporter comes in – a woman in a creased pantsuit with a clipboard against her chest – followed by Cain, manilla folder under his arm.
“So, what?” Dean scoffs. “This blackmail?”
“Night, Cas,” Dean mutters finally, the darkness draping warm and comfortable around them. Dean shuts his eyes and curls into his blankets.
It was nearly five.
Dean whipped his head up as hard as he could. Cracked the back of his skull against the guy’s chin. It was enough to give Dean an opening. The guy reeled backward with another startled cry. Dean let himself fall to the side, landed on the floor, twisted onto his back, and kicked as hard as he could with both feet. His boots landed hard against the guy’s exposed groin.
“Gotta – work,” Dean rasps. Because he needs to make this shift. Needs to cover for Lee until 10:00 pm because Lee took over for him so Dean could meet with Mick. Needed to meet with Mick so Dean can plan for Friday. Needed to plan for Friday because Dean needs Emma. He needs Emma.
Dean hoists himself back to his feet, groaning as dizziness and pain washes over him like a damn tidal wave, wincing past the pulse of agony in his head that comes from the change in altitude. Sammy makes a move to help him, but Dean shoves him away and grabs the lip of the sink, instead, when his knees threaten to buckle beneath him, floor tilting from a combination of too much booze and too little food.
Dean decides to forgo putting on her shoes; he’d likely get a foot to the eye for his trouble. Instead, he wrestles Emma as gently as possible into his arms, holding her firm even when she shrieks to be let down again, and hauls her out of the apartment.
“Ow!” Charlie wines, rubbing the place on her hip that Dean snapped with his jacket. “No excuses! I had to find out from your
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Gabriel says with a sly smile, and he steps back, arms upturned in surrender. “Didn’t mean to startle you, bucko.”
“She’s friends with you, isn’t she?” Dean’s breathless with desire, and his entire body is warm, yet Cas’s hand, inching below his shirt to touch Dean’s bare back, just below the top of his jeans, leaves a trail of gooseflesh in its wake.
“So what? So you almost fucking died, Dean! Again! Fucking again! And I never know when the hell you’re gonna try again, so excuse me for being a little paranoid, okay? For calling you all the time or not wanting you to live alone. ‘Cause I’m not gonna let my big brother check out early. And I’ll do anything – fucking anything to keep you safe.”
Samuel stares at him hard, “And no more trouble with your head?”
It’s easy to forget about things like his fight with Sam, or the stuff that went down with Billie, or stress about apartment hunting and when he’ll be able to get to see Emma again. Hanging out with Cas feels good. Cas makes
, which is another show Dean will never admit to finding secretly delightful, when Charlie gives him a cheerfully calculating look that immediately puts Dean on edge.
So, Cas leaves his arm around Dean’s waist, and waits as the tension slowly bleeds out of Dean’s body. He relaxes his grip on Cas’s wrist and lets his arm drop. He leaves his eyes closed. He’s breathing better now, and Cas looks at his perfect cupid’s bow, the angle of his cheekbones, the way his hair sweeps across his forehead. He can’t see his freckles in the dark, but he knows what they look like. He can imagine how they dust his nose and cheeks. He looks a little healthier than he had weeks ago – not quite so gaunt. His face is less angular, and his ribs don’t protrude quite so drastically under Cas’s hand. Cas knows the medication is helping him gain weight, and he’s eating better again.
“You ever dated a girl?” Charlie whispers from above him.
Dean shakes his head. “You’re almost as crazy as me, you know that?”
And then the floor creaks under a pair of bare feet. Dean sees Cas’s toes in front of him, curling into the carpet, and then Cas’s knees drop past Dean’s eyes as Cas kneels.
He doesn’t even know about Cas. Dean swallows, prepared to launch into his speech –
“Is that a yes?”
“Fucking Campbell?” Dean says, and it bursts out of his lips because there’s no room for it anymore, not with the surge of sick fear that floods Dean’s chest at the thought of Lieutenant Campbell. Because, sure, Dean had thought he was going to die plenty of times before that alleyway four months ago, but he’d never thought it’d be by being beaten to death by a fucking cop.
, so he can make up some kind of lie, now.
Cas always asks before he touches Dean, whispers his hand over his back, suggests softly,
to explain any of that to Cas. And it’s not like Cas wants to know.
“Not your fault, dude,” Dean shrugs. He wonders who Gabriel is. A partner? And then tells himself to shut the fuck up, because it’s none of his business whether or not Gabriel was Castiel’s partner because, even if he was – and that meant Castiel was interested in men – then that was still bad news, because it wasn’t like Dean messed around with cheating. At least not anymore. Not since he was trying to model healthy sexual habits now.
He walks into the kitchen. And then he keeps walking. Through the dining room and into the living room. And yeah. The whiskey bottle is still there.
Fuck. Dean gets up and pads over to the bathroom. The fucking Goddamn shit fuck faucet. He plays around with the handle for a minute, turning it on and off, twisting it this way and that way to make it stop, but it keeps dripping, and Dean forces himself to walk away, because he is
“It, ah, it wasn’t –” Sam starts.
“We’re headed to Community Memorial. You’ll follow us?”
Dean doesn’t heed the warning. “Maybe not, but why the fuck do I have to take the first step, here?” he rages. “He was the douchebag – maybe I’m waiting for him to apologize, huh? I’m not always the fucking screwup! Even if Sam obviously thinks I am. He thinks I’ll be a shit father, and apparently everyone else thinks I’m a shit brother –”
The doctor finally looks up from his clipboard, “Approximately how often, can you say?”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks.
Shit.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Ruby calls lazily from the other side of the chain-link fence that separates the basketball court from the road. She’s lounging on the hood of a parked Hornet that probably belongs to some stuffy suit in the office building across the street. A rope of smoke twirls into the air from the cigarette between her fingers. She’s wearing Audrey Hepburn-type sunglasses and a pair of those shorts that cinch at the waist and show what Dean calls, while running his tongue over his lower lip,
Billie raises a hand. “It’s alright,” she says. “You don’t need to explain. I’ve had plenty of clients decide they don’t want my services, or they’re not ready. When I say I’m glad you’re back – I really mean only that.”
“Neutral territory….” Castiel feels the words around in his mouth like he’s tasting them. And then, slowly, understanding dawns across his face, and those sharply blue eyes narrow in – it’s still not exactly outward aggression. It’s more like curiosity. “You are a Hunter?”
Cas hums in pleasure, a noise that never fails to send a thrill through Dean’s chest. He sucks Cas’s lower lip into his mouth, gently teasing the soft skin with the tip of his tongue.
When he starts again, his voice sounds dead and flat. “I found out what he meant the next day. He set a couple of his cronies on me in the yard. Made it seem like I’d started the fight. Got sent to the hole for a couple nights…and the COs made it clear that I could land my ass in a lot of trouble if I acted out again. I could extend my sentence. I was in for six months. I didn’t – I didn’t wanna do that. And it’s not like I could tell them what was really going on. You don’t understand, it’s us against them in prison. You don’t get caught dead squealing. Besides, the guards wouldn’t believe you. Sex is against the rules. Alastair would’ve twisted it around. Would’ve said I’d come onto him. I’d have gotten written up again. So it was…
. “It’s going to be hell to get there, but I promise it’s going to get better.”
. But Dean’s probably the only one who thinks that’s even remotely funny.
“Okay,” Cas says. But there’s clearly something else bothering him because he frowns, and then he finally adds, “So, you do find me attractive?”
“Don’t touch me!” Dean yells again, and he spins out of reach of Gabriel’s hand. He closes his eyes. He’s not here. He’s not here. He doesn’t want to be here.
Dean’s sitting diagonally from Cas, so it’s relatively easy to stare at him without looking obvious. But he feels a prickle on the side of his head, and he turns to see Meg is watching him, eyebrows raised, from her seat directly across the table.
Hearing it put so baldly takes Dean aback. He tries to swallow down the lump in his throat.
So, Sam presses in her number, puts the phone to his ear and listens to barely one ring before Jody pounces on it.
“I don’t sleep,” Cas says with a slight frown.
Writing about bb Dean and his childhood trauma always makes my heart ache in a different kinda way. I don’t go as far with John Winchester as some writers do, but I still firmly maintain that what John put the boys through was 100% child abuse: complete with neglect, endangerment, emotional and physical abuse. I definitely think John hit Dean. Dean’s expression when he tells Sam about Flagstaff is enough to convince me. But I don’t think John ever hit Sam, or went farther with Dean than what John thought was necessary for discipline (which is bullshit, btw). But I also try to present a balanced view of John – one in which he was a broken, misdirected man, who made a helluva lot of bad decisions, but ultimately always tried to protect his boys, even though he was often way off-base about is methods. Mainly, I believe that the boys deserved better, but that better didn’t necessarily have to come from an outside source (Bobby or Pastor Jim or someone else), but John, himself, could have been better if he’d done things differently.
“Wouldn’t miss it,” Dean says.
“Confidentiality, yeah, yeah,” Dean says, bluffing a smile to hide how antsy it makes him to see Sam so distressed. “Just – drive safe, yeah? You’re not able to play the hero if you turn the car over in a ditch.”
“See you later, bitch,” Dean tells him.
“She’s a little girl. And – and her name is Emma. Emma Rose.”
“All my girls are good kids,” Donna says proudly.
Maybe Cas can read minds, because he looks up suddenly and catches Dean’s eye. He smiles swiftly, excuses himself from the middle-aged woman cooing over one of his paintings, and practically jogs over to join Dean in the corner.
“Mom,” Jo squeaks. “How’d you – what are you –?”
That’s the invitation he needs. Dean grabs his glass and heads down the counter.
“Oh. Fuck.” Dean’s body feels hot. Just as quickly, he goes cold, leaving a film of sweat on his forehead. He swallows hard. He digs his fingernails into his palms.
“Dean?”
“Yes,” Cas answers.
Marv apparently stopped tailing Dean after his cover was blown. Dean wonders if Charlene hired anyone else to follow him, whether someone’s been watching his every move. The idea sends goosebumps up his skin. The last thing he needs is more paranoia.
“Christian –” it’s Charlie, and her voice is like a whip. “Let her go.”
“Was this your first suicide attempt?”
Dean packs the cooler again, stuffing their trash into a plastic grocery bag. He’s just about to climb to his feet to head over to Emma for a five-minute warning when his phone vibrates in his back pocket. He checks to make sure Cas has got Emma well-handled – he’s crouching beside her, calmly talking to her about why she’s not allowed to bring the ducklings home – so Dean pulls his phone out to check the notification.
Cas looks up, and he looks confused, a little lost, like he doesn’t know what Dean’s asking.
“I’m not freaking out, Sam.”
, Dean thinks.
“No,” Dean grunts. Even though he’s exhausted. It’s a marrow-deep kind of tired. A physical weight on Dean’s arms and legs, pressing against his chest and refusing to let his lungs inflate all the way.
Dean meets her eyes levelly before he bites his lip and looks away. He tries to find Cas and Charlie again, but they’re lost in the crowd by now. “I’m on Abilify, lithium, and Zoloft. I’ve got valium for emergencies.”
“Cas, come on, I’m completely okay –” Dean tries again, tugging Cas forward by his hands.
“You, ah, wanna get something to eat?” Dean asks hesitantly. Following the theme of the entire hotel, their room is grand and ornate. There are two plush queen beds, complete with elegant throw pillows and stark white comforter that Dean’s a little afraid to touch in case he leaves dirty fingerprints on them. It’s about three times the size of a normal motel room, too.
“Alright,” Campbell says after a pause in which he keeps scanning the room, evidently looking for anything amiss and not finding it. “Beat it, ginzos.” And when Luca opens his mouth, Campbell jabs a finger in his direction. “I don’t wanna hear it, get me? I got a badge, and I tell you to beat it, you beat it.”
is probably the right answer to that question. That’s when Dean thinks
“If we can get a stipulation for the parenting plan, a court might grant the request without a formal hearing. That requires agreement on both sides, however. And, seeing that Ms. Penn initially planned to contest you for full custody, I don’t think it’s likely she’ll back down without a fight. Also, considering your history, a judge might want to see you, regardless.”
. He said he should leave. So he left.”
It takes Dean a minute to decipher the shape of ginormous, outstretched wings and an armored body of some kind of angel.
“You think that’s true?” Sam whispers. “You think Campbell knows about the rumble?”
“Screwing around, like…?”
Chuck waves his hand and suddenly Dean can’t speak.
And what the fuck? What the actual fuck? Is Dean really supposed to say something right now? What the fuck is he supposed to do? And he can’t even fucking think because his head hurts and his heart is beating so fucking loudly and – fuck. He’s filling up his glass under the tap and his hands are wet because the cup is overfilling and it’s too bright too loud fuck what if the pills clog the drain what if Jack saw him toss them what if Jack tells Cas –
“I’m oldest,” Max adds.
“There’s this – there’s this inmate at Crossroads Correctional,” Dean trips over his words. If he stops now, he won’t be able to start up again. He can’t look at her. He stares at the grease-stained cardboard box on the floor in front of his foot. “That’s where I was four years ago…spent four months before I, ah, transferred out.”
“Would you like to lay back down?” Cas asks after a moment. He’s still holding Dean, and maybe all the physical contact should feel weird, but it reminds Dean a little about those few glorious moments in bed, all safe and warm, snuggled up to Cas before Dean ruined it.
“Would you enjoy the date more if you had sex?”
to produce porn,” Gabe explains to Dean. “But Kali makes it
“Any time,” Dean says easily.
, and Dean’s still not entirely sure he’s not dreaming.
“Yeah,” Sam laughs weakly. “I promise I’m not pulling your leg.”
. And that’s why I think I’m a closeted sociopath. Dude, you okay?”
Strains of gray light start to creep above the trees in the scraggly park across the street. He can even hear the faint morning twitter of birds before it’s overrun by the rumble, shriek, and high-pitched beeping of a garbage truck backing into the alley to empty the dumpsters.
Michael has things to do. Dean mentioned that the bunker has its own stores, but Michael prefers working with fresh ingredients. First, he travels to Ethiopia for unrefined myrrh resin, then to southern China for
,” Lizzy declares happily.
And that guy. He had black, spiky hair, shot through with lime green highlights. He was wearing eye-liner. Got too close to Dean’s face when he pressed drink after drink into Dean’s hand. Tipped the cup to Dean’s lips, made him drink, even though whatever it was made Dean’s eyes water because he’d only ever had beer before, and just a shot of whiskey once or twice when Dad needed to stitch him up and they’d run out of pills.
“When it comes down to it, most things are important,” Billie replies.
Shit. Fuck.
Lizzy’s apparently feeling shy and sleepy after her nap because she buries her face in Dean’s neck and pretends like Gertie isn’t there, which leaves Dean to strike up a conversation with Gertie about her future little brothers. He teases her about changing diapers, and soon has her solemnly swearing to teach ‘em how to climb out of their cribs as soon as they can walk.
Billie doesn’t look bothered by this information. “Pam has sent me a number of patients. We’ve had a lot of success together, so I hope you’ll be willing to give it a shot with me, even if it’s new.”
. But Dean doesn’t say it, because it’s not fair. Because it’s not the kid’s fault that he has nightmares. Probably dreams about killing Mary. About turning her into a little pile of ash with his mind just because he could. Just because she pissed him off. Dreams about summoning her empty corpse from Heaven, not even enough of her to attempt to bring her back, because she’d always been happier up there anyway.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it,” Cas says. Maybe Dean imagines it, but there seems to be a little more warmth in his voice. “I would have brought you another cup this morning, but I’d let you use the only mug.”
“You know things need to change,” Sam adds. “And I’m sorry, man.” He doesn’t sound sorry. He sounds exasperated. Sick of Dean’s shit. Yeah, well join the fucking club. “I should have done something sooner.”
Dean sucks in a breath of smoke, and a voice asks beside him.
“Just a blood pressure cuff, Dean,” Tess says. “You’re doing really well, okay?”
But kissing Cas, maybe that won’t be so wrong.
Which is just another thing that’s Dean’s fucking fault. Like making the delivery people wait at his apartment for an extra 35 minutes when they probably have a shit-ton of other stops to make before they can go home for dinner tonight.
“And I see you’ve brought a guest,” she says primly. She scans Dean. Her face is impassive, but her eyes are unkind.
And Charlie. He pushed her away, just like he pushes everyone away. And, sure, maybe it was inevitable. Maybe she’d eventually shut him out. But he shouldn’t have hurt her like that. He remembers what she looked like, so small and shocked and a little bit scared, and bile jumps into his throat.
“Donna?” Dean pipes up. “Donna Hanscum?”
“We’ll get to him, Sam,” Victor cuts in smoothly. “Chuck, Ash, Adam?” He doesn’t mention Christian, who’s uncharacteristically silent and quelled now that Sam doesn’t have a shard of glass against his throat.
“Alright, Dean. We’re at Saint Luke’s,” Tessa says brightly, and the ambulance doors are open; they’re on the move again, and the jostling makes nausea stir in Dean’s stomach. He’s dizzy. He can’t tell if it’s from the booze or the sedative. “Gonna leave you in good hands.”
“So, I’m dead, that it?” Dean says.
“You’re scared,” Sam says to Chuck. “That’s why you’re doing this. You need us to stop because you’re scared we’ll actually succeed. And for some reason you can’t just destroy the world with a snap of your fingers, or you would have done it already.”
He doesn’t want – he doesn’t need help. He wants them to go away. He doesn’t want to cry, but there’s something burning his eyes, tickling the back of his throat.
“Dean,” Cas says, he’s paused with his hand half-way buried in the cereal box again. “I didn’t mean to worry you. This conversation can certainly wait –”
Dean wants to believe he’d never hurt a kid. Let alone his own kid. But he remembers, in the hazy, distorted swirl in which manic memories exist, drawing a gun in Lisa’s house, pointing it at invisible shadows. Ben was in his room, but what if he’d taken that moment to climb down the stairs? What if Dean’d been so startled by the small, innocent shape that he’d turned his gun and fired?
Dean’s laughing, and then he’s coughing, and then he’s sitting hard on the bottom step of the flight, feet planted on the third-floor landing, knees up to his ears, trying to catch his breath before he hyperventilates.
“Still,” Cas says carefully. “Even if it’s not my responsibility, if you feel like you can trust me with it, I’d like to know more about how I can help.”
Dean’s yelling before he can stop himself, “Yeah, well, you fucking are to me!”  The words pulse hotly in Dean’s throat, and it only makes him angrier, because he didn’t mean to say them.
“My sister’s getting married,” Cas says, eyes still closed, and Dean thinks he hears a bit of a mournful lilt to his voice, even if his face remains impassive.
“Son of a bitch, Sam!” Dean says and snatches ahold of his brother’s arm, pulling him into his apartment, scanning him for any outward sign of injury. “Are you okay? What the fuck are you doing here? It’s the middle of the night!”
He is standing in an expanse of white light. Funny, Cas described the Empty as black.
“See you,” Dean says.
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says. “Night jerk.”
“Okay,” Dean says, because it’s easier than arguing. He realizes his face is sticky and itchy from crying. There’s not much time before the meds will send him crashing out, so he gets off the couch to wash his face, knowing it will make him feel better when he wakes up. He takes a leak because he doesn’t want to piss himself in bed – which only happened once or twice in the hospital, but…yeah, not an ideal experience.
“I’m sorry.” His voice is barely a breath, but he hears it inside the painfully silent car.
“I’m not worth that!” Cas roars, and he manages to make himself sound fierce, despite the fact he’s still lying on the floor. He looks angry. Just as angry as he had been when he fucking walked out and disappeared for days after a load of shit about Dean not needing him anymore.
. He doesn’t need to be
“And will you?” Billie prompts. “Tell him when you’re ready, do you think?”
to me, now?” Sam explodes. Heavy wet flakes land on his hair, weigh it down until it looks oil-slicked.
“D-don’t,” Dean says desperately. “God, Sammy, don’t be mad. Not about this. Please –”
“I got sick again yesterday,” Dean says. Because Cas asked for fucking honesty.
Across the distance, Dean can see Michael’s eyes zero in on the Hunters. His eyes land on Dean – Dean’s chest tightens, like his body’s remembering the last time they met – and Micheal gives Dean the merest trace of a smirk before he steers the Angels to the opposite side of the gym, splitting it nice and clear down the middle.
“Sorry,” he rasps. He remembers he’s not supposed to apologize for shit like this. Cas doesn’t correct him, he just sends him a pained, sympathetic look, lowered eyebrows creasing his forehead.
“Luke was unexpectedly civil,” Cas agrees. “But he’s always been more tolerable without Michael there to egg him on. And it’s –” Cas takes a deep breath. “It’s really my mother I’m worried about. The other’s will be polite to accommodate the wedding, and my mother certainly won’t cause a scene, but she knows how…well, she’s always known how to hurt me.”
Dean feels sick. He can’t eat. Whatever he does manage to get down usually comes back up in the middle of the night when he wakes up from nightmares. He wonders if he picked up something from the guys at work. Anyone with kids is constantly bringing in different bugs during the schoolyear, and it spreads through the garage like wildfire.
“Shit,” Sam comes to a stop in front of Cas. “We shouldn’t have brought him.” The words burst out of Sam’s lungs because he can’t hold them back anymore. It’s a mistake. A damn mistake. Sam knew it was a mistake as soon as the doctor said they were taking Dean away, now, and they told him Sam wouldn’t get to see him again until the meager visiting hour the next day.
“Yes,” Cas agrees. “A worker bee’s lifespan is five to eight weeks. During that time, she’ll fly the equivalent distance of one and half times the Earth’s circumference.”
“And he’s a total douchewad?” Dean guesses.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s not like there’s not plenty of room on the bed for Dean to share with Sam, not like they haven’t shared beds plenty of times before. But Dean doesn’t want to risk disturbing Sam’s sleep if he wakes up from one of his nightmares or in the middle of a flashback. Besides, there’s always the chance Sam will roll over in his sleep and throw up on Dean’s face, or something.
Dean thinks he might crack if Mick says
is too soon?”
“It means what it sounds like,” Dean says flatly.
“I don’t – I don’t know what to do.”
Kyle shakes his head. Timmy pipes up, voice wobbling, “H-hurt my elbow.”
“It’s a good reason to be here, brother,” Benny says, squeezing Dean’s shoulder before letting his arm swing free. “I get the feeling it’s not something you tell a lot of people, yeah? So thanks for telling me.”
Cas and Jack were on a road trip, just the two of them. Father-son bonding or some shit. And Eileen had gone back to Ireland for a few days to settle something about property.
“He’s a regular baby whisperer,” Donna says quietly.
But it’s hard to wallow when there’s a baby to feed, to change, to wash, to play with, to tickle, and to make laugh while he gets her ready for the day. Emma makes it through the whole night and morning without crying for Lydia once, so Dean counts it as an overall win.
Dean stands, kicking back the rolling chair and stretching out his shoulders. He’s not looking forward to heading onto the floor. He woke up with full body aches, which makes him think he really is coming down with something, and he’d appreciated the well-heated, comfortable office.
Micah somehow manages to dodge Dean’s gaze when he cranes his neck over his shoulder to get a better look at Miracle. Cas shifts so he’s sitting on the ground and Micah can crawl into his lap.
“We’ll talk about it in person, okay? I know it’s a lot to handle, right now.”
“Whoa,” Dean replies. “That’s crazy, man. So, you’re, like, seeing me speak, right now?”
“You jumped me when I moved here,” Luca cuts in.
“Dean, you’re hurt,” Sam protests. The words well up in his throat. Fill his eyes with hot tears. His brother is a mess. He can barely stand up by himself.
Sam’s few days with Eileen turn into a week and a half with a werewolf hunt thrown in for fun – “Is that what kids are calling it these days?” Dean asks when Sam calls to tell him, and Sam hangs up on him. A part of Dean wonders if Sam won’t come back with an itemized list of ring options.
Castiel wrinkles his nose as he considers it. “I do not know,” he answers finally. “Catherine and the baby die. I don’t think I like sad endings.”
Dean must doze off eventually, or maybe he drops into another weird dissociative fugue state or whatever the hell keeps happening to him, because he wakes to the soft sound of a generic ringtone inches from his face.
Krissy demanded, in a defensive tone Dean knew so well it was like it was rolling off his own tongue.
Right. This is about being dumped.
Sam knows the difference between nightmares and visions; he’s certainly had enough of both. And he knows that it was only a nightmare. But that doesn’t stop the cold wave of panic across his body, the sickness in his stomach, and the need to rush immediately to Dean’s side, gather his brother in his arms and make for absolute sure that he’s alive and okay.
He misses his smile. His laughter. The easy way he throws good-natured insults at his brother. How he cooks breakfast in the morning, bakes muffins, keeps a steady supply of coffee in the kitchen.
Dean smiles weakly. “Thanks for, you know, listening.”
And they aren’t supposed to do this anymore. Dean doesn’t hit Sam anymore. He’s not supposed to hit Cas.
“I think I’ll, um,” Charlie stops in the middle of the hallway at the top of the stairs, looking a little lost even though she grew up there. There are family pictures in the hallway, three people in various poses in front of various landscapes: a woman with dark hair and familiar dimples, a tall man with a bald head, red beard, and cheerful eyes, and a kid-shaped Charlie, who’s got her same goofy smile and lanky build. “Maybe I should start…?”
“M just gonna…” Dean slurs, already crawling on top of his mattress. “Just gonna lay down, but if you need food…there’s stuff. Sorry, I’d get something….”
“Bobby, I’m sorry,” Dean says. The lump is back, and it’s got thorns. He swallows hard.
Meg works nearby, so Cas suggests picking her up on the way, then reconvening with Charlie at the apartment before heading out for their grand night out. Which reminds Dean that he has to text Charlie.
“So,” Dean says, doing some quick math in his head. “You graduated five years ago?” And maybe Cas just has one of those faces that looks older – there are bags under his eyes, and his heavy eyebrows and perpetually confused expression give him wrinkles around his nose – but he sure as hell didn’t look like he’s still in his twenties.
“Dean,” Cas intervenes swiftly, hoping he can head off an explosion, because the last thing they need right now is yelling. “Just listen for a minute. You’re right –” Cas tacks on quickly, and Dean relaxes by an iota. “We can’t easily send you to a facility. But Sam and I and Dr. Jorgensen all agree that you do need more treatment.”
“Everyone okay over here, boys?”
out loud. He doesn’t want to go around for the rest of his life just waiting to die.
Sam’s face falls. “We all know that’s not true.” For a moment Dean blinks like he’s been slapped in the face, but then the wall is back in place. He looks cold. Unresponsive. Stubborn.
“No,” Dean says again, stony. He doesn’t know how to tell her that that’s the
Lydia launches into her own narrative. She’s a lot more collected and articulate than Dean was. She hardly stammers. She doesn’t swerve from her obviously rehearsed story about finding out she was pregnant and assuming it was her fiancés’. It wasn’t until her fiancé called off the wedding that she began to question paternity. She explains how relieved she was that Dean gave up custody, how she’d assumed that would be the end of it and she could begin rebuilding her life with her daughter, and now not understanding why Dean felt the need to reverse his previous decision, as it would only disturb Emma’s life.
The parking lot behind Sam’s building is packed as usual on a Sunday morning with all the tenets sleeping in late on the day of rest. Dean knows his weirdo little brother rarely sleeps in, even on the weekend, but he still feels guilty about possibly disturbing a lie-in with Eileen, so he takes his phone out in the impala and sends Sam a text:
it. I’m...”
Cas approaches to fix the blanket over Dean’s body. Dean doesn’t bother protesting. The idea of lifting his voice up his throat is too much. Cas pushes one of Dean’s pillows toward his chest.
“You should let me do it again when we go out next weekend,” Charlie says.
“Castiel,” a sharp, proud voice announces from beside them, and Dean turns to see its Cas’s mother. She is a strikingly beautiful woman, Dean notes. She has graying, cropped hair, cherry red lips, and wide eyes, darker blue than Cas’s but just as piercing. “I wasn’t aware you were coming. Is Gabriel here, as well?”
“Castiel, you are coming and that is that,” Anna says, and she pouts. Castiel hates it when she pouts. It turns her pretty, pink smile sad and wilted. It reminds him of how wan she looked after Mama died. On those long last days aboard the boat.
Charlie mutters that the girl’s costume is derivative, but then moves away from Dean and Cas to flirt. Cas gets ambushed by his brother almost as soon as they walk through the door. Gabe is dressed as Loki – Charlie was right about too many
It helps. The fire in his throat settles in his chest and gives him something to focus on. Tingles through his body. Makes him feel alive. His head stops spinning. Thoughts stop spiraling out of control. Centered. He feels centered. Cold and hard.
Dean understands, on an academic level, that this case has nothing to do with him. Yes, it’s normal – it’s human – to feel fucking awful when you hear about a kid who might be in danger – but it’s not normal to feel so weighed down by news all day that he barely functions.
And Dean can’t do it. He can’t face Cas for another second. He can’t bear Cas’s lifeless, cruel eyes. He can’t. His muscles liquify. His knees crash to the ground with two hard cracks, and pain reverberates through his ribs and up his spine, thuds in his head. Dean curls inward on himself, like he did when Luca was beating him. Makes himself a smaller target. He hurts. Oh God, he hurts.
“Meg Masters.”
“Sam,” Dean warns. His stomach pitches. He’s worried that if Sam says one more word, Dean’s going to throw up. His hands are cold. He can’t feel his fingers.
of concern on the bridge of his nose. “You good?”
A red land rover pulls to the curb and honks its horn. Kaia immediately launches herself off the wall, stubbing her cigarette out.
“You’ve got about 15 missed called from a ‘Sam’ – I’m guessing he’s the grumpy brother I met.”
“Dean, calm down,” Sam tries to keep his voice level. “It’s okay. It’s helping, man. Cas –” Sam looks over his shoulder at Cas, but Cas is already moving. He presses his finger to the nurse call button. Then he steps around Dean’s bed, goes to the other side where he’s crammed in beside all the equipment, but able to get closer to Dean. He leans over, puts a hand close to Dean’s forehead, brushing skin with just the tips of his two fingers, like again he’s begging himself to be able to heal Dean.
Dean’s chest aches. He wonders what she looks like: if she’s got his eyes or his freckles. If she’s got Lydia’s auburn hair.
There’s a line of dark, coarse hair circling Cas’s navel and disappearing into his shorts. Dean follows it with his nose. He presses his lips against Cas’s warm, smooth skin, just above his waistband.
Charlie scoffs, “Only if you go as Mystique.”
“Yeah,” Dean says immediately. He swallows, because his voice is hoarse. “Let’s just – just fucking go, okay?” And he leads the way out of the office.
“And she’s just disgusting,” Max says.
Two beds against the wall, just like old times. It was March, but it was also mid-Texas and warm as balls. There wasn’t any air conditioning, just a box fan beating futilely against the heat, recycling warm air. Dean sipped Beam from a glass, back against the headboard, ankles cross. Sam bounced around the room, a frenetic energy in his movements that was in-between nervousness and excitement: jack-in-the-box that had been sitting on his springs for too long.
“You’re sober?” Dean asks. Apparently, Anna’s full of surprises. Dean feels a little bad for assuming otherwise.
or whatever the fuck kids say these days.
And Dean’s happy for the girl. M. Especially because Dean only knows bits and pieces of her story, but it’s enough to know it wasn’t good: religious fanaticism and untreated pneumonia. She will undeniably be better off with someone who actually cares about her, especially considering she’s already 15, and getting families to foster, let alone adopt, teens is next to impossible.
“You headed back to your place after work today?” Dean tries to ask as casually as possible.
And Cas can’t help but think about lying in bed with Dean the other morning. So close he could feel the warmth come off his body. And Cas feels guilty. But he also feels…disappointed.
“It didn’t feel like it was –” Dean hesitates, runs his tongue over his teeth, and continues warily, knowing he’s gonna sound like a headcase and trying to reassure himself that Billie already knows he’s a headcase. What the fuck else is he doing back in her office? “It didn’t feel like I was there.”
“Sam’s my
“You still with me, soldier?” Charlie nudges him with her elbow.
For a while, Dean listens to Sam rustle the plastic bags as he takes out whatever stuff he bought Dean. Dean will find out later how Sam’s latest purchases will improve his life. Which is maybe uncharitable. Sam’s only trying to help. Sam’s a fixer. Dean clearly needs fixing. Anyway, Dean’s too tired to argue about it now. Maybe too tired to argue about it, ever.
“I’ll do my best to give you what you need, Dean,” Cas says. He holds Dean tightly. He doesn’t ask any more questions for a while, and Dean waits until his heart stops trying to burst out of his chest. He does his best to remind himself that Cas is there. That Cas might actually want to be there. That Cas might actually want to stay, and Dean doesn’t need to worry that he’s going to leave – not right now, at least.
Dean’s not listening anymore. Instead, he’s staring at the plain, white building in front of him. There’s one of those church-signs with the black letters that says
“We – we didn’t fight,” Dean says unsteadily. “It – I don’t know. It wasn’t – we didn’t fight. I just…screwed up.”
“I didn’t say that,” Sam says quickly. “It’ll be fine. I just said it’ll be fine no matter what Cain decides, because – because we’re gonna keep fighting for her. I promised you that, Dean. But maybe – maybe we won’t have to – you never know – we’ll – we just have to wait and see –”
“Sam’s told you about that, has he?” Dean says. The peaceful feeling that lasted throughout dinner and dessert is gone. Dean should have known it was too good to be true.
“Shut the fuck up,” Sam interrupts him. “Cas, stay with him. I’m getting the car.”
“You don’t mean to tell me you leave that growing boy to fend for himself?” Arlene gasps. Dean doesn’t know Arlene very well yet. She’s got a narrow frame despite the swell of her pregnant belly under her sweater.
Cas watches this happen with thinly veiled horror.
And he manages to unwind a screw from the metal bedpost. Tick marks scratched onto the wall. Scratched onto his arms. One day, two days, three, four, five. Lost count. Lost count. Lost fucking count and he can’t hear his brother through the solid concrete wall.
“Good,” Dean replies.
The heavy door shuts behind him with a clang. Dean needs to shut his brain up, and he needs to do it now. He needs – he needs –
, he eventually settles on.
“Fuck that!” Dean says.
So, then it’s off to the grocery store, and he loads up his cart with all the best shit.
After a little while, the bathroom door swings open again. Sam peaks his head out, “Dr. Barnes thinks it might be the meds, so she says to make an emergency appointment with Dr. Henriksen. I’ll see if he can take you tonight, or at least tomorrow.” The door shuts again. Then there are more mumbled voices.
“S-stay with me,” Dean says, struck by the awful, all-consuming fear that Cas will leave, too. That Dean will be alone. Free hanging from chains and meat hooks. Someone’s screaming. Someone’s fucking screaming. “Please stay with me.”
“I do not understand why you have to fight at all,” Cas says.
He remembers what Cas told him on the fire escape:
Cas’s throat works as he tries to swallow back his shock and hurt.
“Coming up on two months,” Bela replies. “You see, I should be in jail, but my mother is rich and thinks it would be less embarrassing to have an insane daughter rather than a criminal one.”
His hand shakes. He turns his palm over the sink and drops the pills down the sink. Runs the faucet. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugs. “Not like you’re wrong to worry. You’re right, I don’t have a great track record when it comes to, ah,”
Benny’s eyebrows dip over his eyes, and he’s suddenly serious again. “None of it was a cake walk, brother, despite what it might sound like. Every day I wake up, and I’m still an addict.”
“Hey, hey, buddy.” Dean’s eyebrows fall in concern, and he grips Castiel’s forearm in reassurance. “Relax. I didn’t tell him nothing.” And then Dean’s face goes mysteriously flush, and Castiel’s face follows as they both realize they have just admitted to having something between them that needs to be hidden.
Dean bites back a grin; it’s a soapbox Cas has climbed on many-a-times this semester. Cas will never fully understand or accept academia, and Dean can’t exactly say he blames the guy.
“Charlie, can I –” Dean voice clicks. He huffs out a cough. Charlie turns to look at him, brown eyes open with curiosity. It’s going to kill her. He’s going to make her cry. He’s going to make her face crumble with the awful knowledge that her friend – her self-proclaimed
“Oof,” Charlie says, bending her legs at the knees and staring at the ceiling. “I guess this means I’m supposed to dig out the plates.”
“I think we’re gonna have to reschedule with Mick,” Dean says, making a weak effort at levity. He gets out of his chair. He’s done here. He doesn’t want to have to deal with anymore turbulent emotional fallout from his little brother. This is something Sam’s going to have to deal with on his own, because Dean doesn’t think he can go through that. Pam would be proud; she’s always going on about the importance of boundaries.
He still needs to get the rest of both sleeves done – he’s thinking a roaring tiger on his left shoulder and some birds or roses or shit on his right bicep. For now, revealing his upper arms means he’s still showing off his scars, but at least people will notice the tats, now, before anything else.
She leads him to the very back of the restaurant, to a table in the corner by a large window. There’s plenty of natural light, enough for Dean to see clearly the man who’s sitting next to Charlene. He stops, unease growing, because he’s definitely seen this guy before: he’s got a pointed face and curly, graying hair.
“And then there was that – the accident and –”
Bobby grabs Dean by the elbow and drags him into his office, cane thumping with each step. He shuts the door behind them and then rounds on Dean.
And Dean almost forgot he was supposed to say
“Uhg,” Dean groans, but he can’t help the warm flush of blood that rises in his face – and other parts of his body. “Kill me if I ever become the kind of pet owner who thinks their dog is their child.”
“Ha! It’s not like I haven’t noticed you two mooning over each other.” She waves an accusing Dorito toward him. “Half the time you’re in the building, he’s in your apartment. I hear him through the walls. You’ve made him grilled cheese – I’ve smelled it. And this schnoz doesn’t lie.” She taps the Dorito against her nose before she realizes what she’s doing, scrunches her face, and rubs the dust off.
He turns to look at Sam, and Sam, too, misinterprets Dean’s shock for devastation because he’s immediately reassuring. “Dean – this is really good news. It’s okay – we can move forward from here.”
Cas grins at him, and Dean avoids his gaze, but he can’t quite hide his own smile. He was twelve the last time he showed his arms in public.
“Dean, it isn’t real,” Cas says softly. He bends his elbow around Dean’s shoulders so he can reach Dean’s head. He cards his fingers gently through Dean’s hair. “You’re safe. I promise you’re safe.”
“Fine,” Sam gives in. “Ten.”
Abruptly, Dean remembers Bella. From the hospital. He wonders if she ever got out. If she got away from her mother. He hopes she’s okay.
“Bobby…” Dean starts, but he can’t. He fucking can’t. John Winchester is turning over in his grave at the idea of his oldest son having sex with a boy, and Dean can’t bear the thought of disappointing his surrogate father in the same way. It’s just gonna have to be a secret. He’ll come up with some excuse when Cas eventually gets there.
Cas still doesn’t know how they could afford it. Cas might have to start looking for a job. He’s not sure what he’s qualified to do, but he did alright at the Gas-N-Sip. He could easily get another position at a convenience store. It wouldn’t be enough for a house, of course. But with he, Jack, and Dean all contributing something they could make it work.
“Well,” Charlie amends, “He technically puts away all his toys and camera equipment, so it’s not quite a sex dungeon. But it’s Gabe, so it’s close enough. Not that Gabe’s porn is skeevy.”
Dean’s fairly certain
Dean assumes she’s kidding, so he tosses her a grin over his shoulder while he’s rummaging through his fridge for something he could whip into a hangover cure breakfast. But Charlie doesn’t smile back, so Dean’s smile dissolves.
Dean hadn’t actually realized he’d stood. He’s beginning to become a little concerned about the whole head in the clouds thing. His brain feels foggy and slow, incapable of processing information as it comes in at him.
“For me as well,” Cas adds.
“Yeah,” Sam sighs, stress immediately jumping back across his face. Dean regrets asking about it.  Sam presses the heels of his hands into his eyes. “Working late.”
Cas did this. Cas hurt Dean.
“Jack, this is Micah,” Dean says softly. “Micah, this is Jack. Your – your big brother.”
He climbs up to his apartment, and his chest briefly throbs as he passes the third floor. Cas probably isn’t in his studio. Anyway, the idea of going in to talk to him, to try to explain – explain what? that Dean’s a total asshole who doesn’t deserve a second chance? – is completely ludicrous.
But it’s definitely the wrong thing to say, because some part of Dean must still be conscious of the present moment, because his eyes pop and his struggle redoubles. Eileen dashes forward to help hold him down, and Sam assumes Jack went to get the cuffs.
He thinks about the other men he’s been in bed with. Crowley was the last, but Dean was a demon and it’s not like Dean in his right mind would ever – but what the fuck does that say about Dean’s messed up psyche? That his most successful relationship with a man was the King of Hell. It definitely wasn’t a healthy relationship, but at least it was mutual douchebagery, both taking exactly what they wanted from the other, no false pretenses.
And then that guy crowded into Dean’s space, put an arm over Dean’s shoulder. He was practically sitting on Dean’s lap. He had a ring of white power around his nostril. His eyes were swallowed by his pupils. He smelled like vodka, tasted like it, too, when he put his lips to the corner of Dean’s mouth, flicked his tongue to nudge Dean’s lips apart.
He registers somewhere in the back of his head that it’s the first time he’s been with a woman since – and that starts up a simmer of anxiety in his chest that he has to keep pushing away. But they’re both sober enough to insist on a condom, so Dean tries to set his mind at ease. He leaves afterward with a peck on the lips and a
Specific chapter CWs: one use of the f-slur and homophobic-motivated violence, including an attempted assault with a non-con kiss, police brutality, and Dean acts briefly aggressive toward Cas because he doesn't know how to express his emotions.
And that’s what he hates about it – whatever the fuck
“First, you feel guilty about seeing this situation and centering yourself in the narrative, correct?”
“Then what do you
“I have nothing,” Cas says. His throat aches. “I have nothing to convince you with, Anna. All I have is my love. Right or wrong, that is all I have.”
“I said cool it!” Victor yells. He stalks over to Ash, grabs his shoulder and wheels him around. He barks into his face, “the fuzz start asking around and we gotta convince ‘em we don’t know anything about it, you get me? We gotta play it cool.”
“Dean,” Cas says again. The look on his face is so tender Sam feels like he just walked in on them making out, or something. Cas moves from his chair to the edge of Dean’s bed, almost on impulse, like he would sit when Dean was detoxing.
Dean rolls his eyes. “It’s fine, Cas.”
And he’s not gonna beg. God help him, he ain’t gonna beg.
“What are you reading?” Dean whispers, barely loud enough to carry across the hospital room, with all it’s whirring and beeping, but that’s about all his lungs can manage.
“So, ah, what do you do in joints like this?” he asks.
“No –” Dean says hastily. “I don’t think you’re pathetic – I just – I mean, I get it. Christmas sucks for missing people. And I still talk to my mom’s headstone, and I was a lot younger than you when she died.”
Charlie’s apartment is a little like getting dropped into a cross between Gamestop and Hot Topic. There are movie, television, and gaming posters overlapping every available inch of wall; Dean spots Star Wars, Harry Potter, Doctor Who, Call of Duty, Lord of the Rings and a ton more he can’t recognize.
“Listen, I’m glad I caught you before work –”
Dean takes refuge in the garage when they get home. He doesn’t want to have to deal with interacting with people, right now, even if those people are Cas.
It makes anger flare in Dean’s chest, strong enough to propel him onto his heels. He glares at Cas, sprawled on the floor. “I just saved your Goddamn life,” Dean spits.
,” Dean says. His breath hitches. His throat aches. He can barely see, his vision’s so blurry with tears. God, he’s disgusting. Despicable. He doesn’t understand why Sam keeps coming back.
“Hey, listen to me,” Charlie says earnestly. She takes his hands in her own. Her fingers are narrow and small. “This? This right here is your Mount Doom, okay? And I can’t carry
Fuck.
Dean hangs onto the banister for dear life as he limps up the remaining flights of stairs. By the time he’s finally standing outside Cas’s window, his heart sputters in protest, and he’s dizzy enough that he knows one wrong step is going to send him crashing back down the stairs.
“And – we, ah, almost hooked up.” Dean clears his throat. “But I told him I wasn’t…that I didn’t want to. Even though I did.”
Dean lifts his head and stares through bleary eyes, trying to find his phone. His hand finds the thin rectangle sitting on the arm of the couch. It’s stopped ringing. There are two missed calls. Dean doesn’t recognize the name or number. He swipes in and tries to tap in his passcode, but the screen won’t open.
Eileen drives ahead of them in Sam’s car. Sam must have grabbed Dean’s keys from his jacket, because he’s behind the wheel of the impala, and they’re bumping across potholes in the road.
Dean looks at Charlie – like really looks at her. He’s been pretty caught up in his own crap since he met her, but he reminds himself that it’s been a pretty bad six months for her, too. She’s gone through two breakups in the interim, even if she’ll deny that she and Dorothy ever broke up because they were never officially dating. And she’s had to shoulder a lot of new stress as an addendum to having Dean as a friend.
He doesn’t know if he’s allowed to drive yet, with the meds. His hands are still trembling, but he’s getting better at ignoring it, or maybe he’s just losing track of his own body –
“Yeah, well, let ‘im listen,” Adam pipes up. “Can’t hear nothing without his hearing aids.”
Sam gets up to give Eileen a peck on the cheek and probably convey some silent explanation as to why his loser big brother is sprawled in their living room.
Dean shrugs. “Fine.”
Eileen rolls her eyes fondly at Sam before handing the waitress their menus and saying, “Bacon cheeseburger sounds great.”
Jo frowns at him, “It’s not like I was blameless, either, okay? I shouldn’t have approached you. It’s not like you were super emotionally stable at the moment.”
Charlie gives him a scandalized look. “Okay,
chance, and threw it back in Cas’s face like it meant nothing. Like Dean didn’t – hadn’t felt this way about a person – about a friend – in maybe his whole Goddamn, miserable life. Because Dean felt something over Lee and Cassie and Lisa, but it still pales in comparison to what he feels for Cas. The aching, excited twist in his chest whenever he sees him, whenever he makes him smile –
“Good,” Dean coughs. Tries again. “Great, man.”
“You worried for me, Cas?” Dean says, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
Dean doesn’t know what that has to do with the accident, but he answers anyway, “They were always fighting. I just tried to get them to calm down.”
So, he just turns on his heel and walks out. Part of him thinks he’s going to just walk into the war room, do a lap around the map table, come right back in and take care of the cleanup, but instead Sam just keeps walking, nearly careens directly into Cas, who’s holding a mug of coffee and looks surprised, and then immediately looks alarmed.
of disbelief when she sees all the blank space that used to be filled by her parents’ smiling faces.
Dean lifts his chin. His eyes skate across Cas’s face, again not entirely latching onto anything, before drifting back in the direction of the computer.
– Sam started. You’ve still got Cas and Jack. And it’s not like Eileen and I will be far. And I still want to finish digitally cataloging the bunker’s library.
“Dean, you practically raised your brother. You took care of your father time and again when you were too young to even take care of yourself. Don’t you think you deserve to have people take care of you for a change? Besides, care is not a merit-based value system. It doesn’t matter whether you
Turns out Jody’s busy tackling a non-supernatural drug bust. Donna, Claire, and Kaia are hunting a Wendigo near the border. Eileen is in Florida with her friend Sue, chasing down a pair of vetalas and killing time at the beach; she’s sent Sam several bikini pics, judging by the doofy look he gets on his face every time he swipes up to her messages. Jody offers to call the network to find someone else, but Sam tells her not to bother.
“Penetrating trauma to the vertebral line.”
Cas is beginning to think that his Grace will never return. That, perhaps, at last he’s truly Fallen. And then he wonders, is it even possible to be an Angel of the Lord when there is no longer a Lord to be an Angel of?
Dean feels cold. There’s a lump in his throat, but he swallows hard and says, “That’s not an issue. I’ll do what I need to.” And he doesn’t think about Cas. He can’t think about Cas. Dean’s made his choice: this is about Emma, now.
, he feels good. He’s grinning like an idiot. He’s practically shivering with eagerness. Fuck jogging, there ain’t anything else like sex endorphins.
Dean laughs a little wildly, runs a hand through his hair; it’s straw-like from sweat. In fact, his entire body feels stale. His t-shirt is crispy under the arms from dried perspiration and his face is itchy from crying.
Dean tugs up Cas’s shirt too roughly. His fingers are shaking. He has to move fast so Cas won’t see. Cas must not notice, must mistake Dean’s growing unease for eagerness, because Cas’s hands find Dean’s shirt now, fingers creep under the hem, hands find Dean’s skin. Too many hands. Warm fingers.
, Sam muttered. He ran a hand over his face. In the gray light, Dean couldn’t tell whether it was sweat or tears his little brother wiped away. He pulled his hair out of his eyes. He didn’t seem to want to look at Dean, so he fumbled for the alarm clock on the table between the beds.
Castiel is a hypocrite. And the warring desires inside his heart – to cast this thought from his mind or to embrace it fully – makes it so he can hardly breathe.
Why did everything always have to be so complicated? Is it too much to ask for just one stretch of calm? To ask for something good for a change?
“Self-harm, unfortunately, isn’t uncommon,” Dr. Jorgensen says. “And how does Dean act in interpersonal relationships? How long have you two been partners?”
Cas moves to the end of the mattress, puts his feet on the ground, and then he reaches his arms high over his head. It makes the bottom of his shirt ride up, revealing a stripe of tanned belly, and a trace of dark happy trail that disappears under the button of his jeans.
Dean lays there in the dark, staring at the slats of the top bunk above him, and he listens to the steady, slowing breaths of Ella and Micah as they’re eased to sleep. It takes Dean a little longer to let himself drift.
This Dean ended up becoming very close to my heart. In some ways, I feel like I understand, know, and love him better then the version on the show. That’s what I love about fandom: it grows until it’s big enough for each of us to chip off pieces of it to hold close. I’ve loved every moment of writing Dean’s journey through this fic. And I’ve loved being able to share him with you. I cannot tell you how much I treasure each comment, kudo, and bookmark. I adore you, my sweet, beautiful readers. Thank you for taking the time to read this ridiculous behemoth of a story. Thank you for letting me share my little obsession with you all. Thank you for the kind words and messages and shares and recs. Thank you for following Dean’s story and squeeing at me at all the right moments. Thank you for loving this version of Dean. Thank you for keeping up with this story over all these weeks. I can’t say it enough. Thank you thank you thank you.
“Lovely to see you again,” Sarah comes forward with her hand outstretched. She shakes Dean’s hand first before turning to Cas, who also gets a warm smile; Dean can tell they already know each other, “And you, Castiel. How are you?”
“And we were able to get Derek over for the day, so that cheered Kaia up –” Donna continues.
So, Dean gets up. His muscles feel rubbery and weak. His head aches from crying. He doubts he’ll be able to keep anything substantial down, so he grabs a packet of peanut butter crackers, downs a glass of water and his evening meds, and calls it an early night.
Michael’s blade buries itself to the hilt between Benny’s shoulder blades.
Cas carefully swings a leg over Dean’s waist, until he’s straddling Dean, knee on each side of Dean’s hips, staring down at Dean. Dean’s never not been on top before. He’s used to it being the other way around. The only time he’s ever seen someone staring down at him like that it’s been in the middle of a fight.
Eileen swings the door open and Cas immediately stumbles in.
“You are welcome,” Cas nods his goodbye. “I hope you have a good day.”
“I don’t know,” Dean shakes his head slowly. Cas looks so Goddamn earnest, it makes Dean feel a little like someone punched him under the ribs. “I can try, I guess.”
Cas urges him periodically to take another drink of water or down another pill. He presses the thermometer through his lips to check his temperature. He frowns at the reading again.
“Hell yeah,” Dean boasts. “Senior year. Angela Davis. Social studies. She was engaged and everything.”
“Fucking whatever, man,” Dean says, but he doesn’t sound angry more than simply exhausted.
Dean doesn’t care whether or not Sam knows that Dad used to smack him around a little. That doesn’t matter. But this – this other stuff. Dean doesn’t want Sammy to know about that. And he doesn’t want him to guess about it either. Doesn’t want to talk about it. And he’s worried that refusing to talk about it is probably just as much confirmation as Sam needs.
Thank you for your patience regarding the late update! New full-time job plus old part-time job equals very little free time (in fact, I’m supposed to be working on a freelance editing assignment now, but…alas). Also, sorry the lack of Cas, recently. I promise you’ll get some really juicy bits toward the end of December (a little teaser…).
She shakes her head but smiles indulgently. Dean waves down he bartender for another two shots. Pacing is for wimps.
Dean’d briefly thought about finally breaking his silence with Sam, so his brother could tag along, but Dean figured it might be better to talk to his lawyer without someone in the room who thought he was an unfit father. Dean purposely scheduled a meeting during what he knows is Sam’s lunch break, so Dean’s hoping he doesn’t bump into his brother while at the practice.
“Is…is Cas okay?” Dean asks weakly.
It’s another question Dean doesn’t know how to answer. If he says yes, it means admitting he’s uncomfortable. It means agreeing to talk about something else. But, if he says no, it means he has to talk more about Dad. And he’s not going to talk more about Dad. Unlike Sam, Dean knows that family business is supposed to stay in the fucking family.
“Not right now?” Cas clarifies, lifting an eyebrow.
Sam grinds his teeth together. He’s still on his feet, and suddenly the idea of sitting back at Dean’s bedside sounds unbearable. He takes a deep breath, tells himself that Dean will be perfectly safe with Cas looking over him, so he mutters something about going to the kitchen, and then turns on his heel.
“Can I kiss you?” Cas whispers.
“You think it’s your meds, or you think it’s a one-off kinda thing?” Victor presses. Victor’s an attractive man: with his dark skin, shaved head, and goatee, but Dean never really got around to flirting with him. When Dean first met him, Dean was catatonic in a secure psychiatric ward, and, afterward, it just would’ve been weird. Besides, it’s not like Victor talks a lot about his personal life – the picture of the curly-haired boy on his desk is proof of at least one child he has with at least one ex-wife – but Victor seems like the kind of guy who’s married to his work.
“So,” the doctor cocks an eyebrow. “To the best of your knowledge, would you say that this was a suicide attempt?”
“Who needs the little brats, anyway?” Gabe laughs. Kali swats him on the knee.
Instead, he shuts the door too hard. Shoves the keys into the ignition. Yanks the lever into drive. Floors the gas, and then he’s gone. Mud sputtering under the tires.
“Nah-ah,” Missouri snaps, wagging her finger. “You don’t get to apologize for needing help. Not on my watch.”
Finally, the bus lets him out on his stop. He jogs the two additional blocks to his building and finds a couple burly workmen waiting outside the door with his couch. They’ve got cigarettes in their fingers, and they’re chatting with Dean’s landlord, a short guy with a shock of dirty blond hair and wicked hazel eyes named Gabe.
“I don’t think you’d have to be a lawyer,” Cas says. “You could be something else. A doctor? Or a construction worker. Dean was a construction worker once. And he’s also a talented mechanic. I believe he wanted to be a fireman as a child. You could choose whatever you wanted.”
“No, I’ve never, ah, done that,” Dean says.
Sammy’s concerningly quiet; he was clearly expecting more of a fight.
“Listen, punk –” Dean starts. He shoves himself off the wall and toward Christian.
Dad didn’t hurt them; that’s what Dean told the judge when he was nine-years-old. Sammy’s broken arm was from jumping off the roof. The bruises on Dean’s ribs were from crashing his bike on the way to the hospital. He jammed the front wheel into the lip of the sidewalk and his chest rammed into the handlebars.
“Just to reiterate,” Billie adds. “I don’t mean to pressure you into speaking to anyone. I believe it will be helpful for you to have a more informed support system, but this is information that you should only share if you
“I should let Cas know –”
“Okay,” she says finally. “But I got band-aids and rubbing alcohol if you need it.”
“I’m going to undo your restraints now, Dean,” the doctor cuts into Dean’s thoughts. Dean’s eyes snap open. It’s just the doctor, not Alastair, looming over him. “Is it alright if I touch you?”
“How can you believe such
“Yes,” Castiel cuts him off. “I came to pray.”
Dean nearly smiles, but he still can’t look at Cas. He’s staring at his fridge, instead, so Cas is probably getting a one-quarter view of his face. “That’s not your fault, Cas.”
“I love you,” Dean whispers into Cas’s hair. It’s still hard to say, sometimes, but it’s easiest in moments like this: in the silence and peace of just each other, and he’s made it a point to say it whenever he can.
There’s a low buzz of panic in the back of Sam’s skull. It grows steadily louder until it’s screaming.
It turns into cursing the fucking city and its crapload of streets, cars, and pedestrians. Dean hates living here. But he’s got his ass stuck because he’s dependent on public transport for another four months before he gets his license reinstated. Turns out, in Missouri, two DWIs in a five-year period gets your license suspended for five years.
“That’s only because it’s all you’ve ever known,” Cas adds. And even though Dean isn’t quite warmed up to the idea of Jack yet, Cas doesn’t think Dean could stand the idea of forcing another kid into the way of life he was forced into. “You could do other things, too. Sam once went to college. He wanted to be a lawyer.”
“I ain’t exactly relationship material here, Charles.” Dean retorts, and the phrase
“I’m not ignoring her,” Dean hisses back.
Cas has spoken with Sam about his concerns. He told Sam about Dean’s nightmares, about his drinking, his listlessness, his disengagement. Sam wondered tentatively, and Cas could hear the pain in his voice, but also the frustration and worry, that perhaps his leaving with Eileen had set Dean off. But Cas didn’t think so. Sam didn’t abandon Dean, and, deep down, Dean knows it. Sam’s only twenty-minutes away. He and Eileen still frequent the bunker to keep up with their digital archiving project and stay nearly every other night for dinner.
“Mh,” Kali says noncommittedly.
Sam nods. He doesn’t seem able to say anything else. A fierce wave of guilt crests in Dean’s chest. He can’t just leave his little brother like this. Not when he’s hurt and confused and angry. But Dean can’t – the idea of sitting through more of what he just had to confront makes him erupt into a cold sweat. He can’t do that. Not now. Maybe not ever. Sam’s just going to have to learn to suck it up. Grin and bear it.
“I began at Washington when I was already 24,” Cas replies. “It was actually my second degree. I received my first at 22 in philosophy and theology. I intended to go to seminary and become a priest. I believe you can guess why I ultimately decided against it,” he finishes with a wry smile.
“Dean, listen to me,” he hisses into Dean’s ear. “If you need to step outside, we can arrange a recess.”
Light. Broken glass. Pain. Can’t breathe. Blood in his eyes. Can’t breathe. Dad. Dad’s slumped over the wheel. Dean’s head is stuck to the window with blood. He can’t feel his legs. Can’t breathe. Can’t breathe.
Sam looks up. His eyes are wide. Red and tear-filled. Dean feels like someone’s systematically scooping out pieces of his heart, and he doesn’t know how he can make things better for his little brother. How to deal with this totally unforeseen and out-of-depth pain.
“The way he looks at you ain’t complicated,” Charlie says, and, dammit, there goes Dean blushing again. He shoves another fistful of candy into his mouth and pretends like he has to lane over so he can get away from Charlie’s knowing, gleeful eyes.
“What else did it feel like you were living?”
“Sammy, I’ve been living in your ass for the past two years,” Dean says. He doesn’t risk craning his neck to fix Sam with a stern gaze, because he doesn’t want to lose his footing on the precarious stairwell. “I worked my way up to full time at the garage. I know fucking baby steps, okay? This is baby steps.”
“No,” Dean moans and covers his face again. “S-stop. Make it stop.”
“Charlie has already abandoned us,” Cas reminds him. “And I think Meg will understand.”
Dean turns over to face the opposite wall, and he doesn’t say anything as Sam climbs back onto the bed to fasten the new curtains over the window.
thing. “Do you have a nice pair of jeans? You could wear that with a dress shirt, I guess. Can’t you ask him what he’s wearing?”
chic. Plus, his hair’s sticking up on end like he just rolled out of bed, or maybe didn’t sleep at all. Dean remembers Charlie and wonders whether the entire building is nocturnal.
For a moment, pain sears across the whole serene, unaffected veneer Jack’s got going on. “I don’t know if I can –”
“No, um, I’m at Meg’s,” Dean answers.
“Alright, Sam,” Dr. Jorgensen allows. “Perhaps I’ll ask Castiel a few things now. You can take a break.”
“The man who captured the Marid?” Cas says.
“Like you fucking care you piece of shit, Winchester –”
There’s no time to think. Cas reacts on pure, hungry impulse. He opens his mouth to allow access to Dean’s searching tongue, and he presses hard against Dean’s mouth in answer to Dean’s force. It isn’t neat – it’s messy and frantic, all teeth and too much saliva.
“Awesome,” Dean says. He leaps off the couch, and he’s half-way to the office door before Pam talks him back around.
And Dad shaking Dean’s shoulders in that hotel room, hard enough to rattle Dean’s teeth.
Or, at least he could. He thinks about Charlie, about their fire escape talks and reality TV binges. He thinks about long runs in the morning. He thinks about Cas. He tries not to think about Cas.
“I don’t want you killing yourself to come into work when you’re not up for it,” Bobby says gruffly, which is his version of sincere, and one Dean’s a lot more susceptible too than Sam’s.
It’s been nearly five months since he’s had sex with a real person instead of just his fist. And, damn, it feels good. All sweat-slick skin and warmth. It barely takes any time at all for Dean to finish – which is actually downright impressive because most of his meds cause delayed orgasms – and then he pulls Cas over with him.
“Dean?” Cas says.
“Deter us from being friends?” Dean snorts. “You swallow a dictionary when you were a kid?”
Nick comes with a choked moan. For a minute he just stands there, riding out the shivers of his orgasm, leaning heavy against Dean’s back, forehead rested against the back of Dean’s sweaty neck. Then he pulls out. Dean feels empty and cold and there’s the uncomfortable feeling of wetness between his legs. Dean’s still hard. There’s a pinched, swollen feeling in his balls.
Dad made the effort to bring Sam and Dean to Samuel’s a few times after that, during one of the brief periods of times when he tried his best to be sober – scared straight by the CPS fiasco – and got it into his head that his kids should get to know their extended family. That ended when he started drinking again, and they went back on the road.
“The point of discovery is to gather information for our case,” Mick explains to Dean. Sam is in the office, too, furiously scribbling notes on a clipboard. “And Ms. Bevell will do the same thing for Ms. Penn’s case. In this case, we’re not building a case against Ms. Penn, because you’re perfectly happy to allow her to share custody, so during this stage we’ll primarily be watching out for what requests they make of you and how we can combat them.”
. “He’ll have the 8oz center-cut filet with the whipped potatoes,” she names the most expensive dish on the lunch menu, and Dean knows she’s making some kind of point. He just doesn’t give a damn what that point is.
or whatever. Well, it’s no surprise that Dean’s a fucking hypocrite.
When Cas and Sam bring Dean back to the bunker, Dean heads immediately to his room, shuts the door behind him, and doesn’t give any indication he’ll be coming out again any time soon.
“You able to meet anyone?” Pam prods.
“Easy does it, chief.”
He slides onto his couch and braces his elbows on his knees. He’s acutely aware that Cas is watching his every move, but he doesn’t know how to calm down without slowing everything down. Besides, Cas already knows he’s crazy. Maybe this will finally scare him away.
“And Bobby couldn’t have just told me about it?” Dean says, because he doesn’t want to think about the other thing – the Jo being back thing; the Jo inevitably interacting with Dean thing – so he latches onto this other, ultimately insignificant hurt.
“Y’all want some beers?” Christian digs out a couple bottles from the cooler. He tosses them across the room before Sam or Dean can answer. Dean catches his on instinct.
“We don’t know,” he says helplessly.
“But you will be able to help him?” Cas says, leaning forward slightly.
By the time they find a pet friendly motel, Dean’s aching and exhausted. He doesn’t even care that he loses rock-paper-scissors to Sam and Cas – and Cas is usually worse even than Dean – he just collapses face first onto the folding cot and snuggles up to Miracle, who may have gotten more used to sleeping in Dean’s bed than he initially planned on letting him become.
, he doesn’t count – and you – you’re – it’s not like that,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. Arguing with Charlie is like arguing with the Bridgekeeper on the Bridge of Death in
Maybe there’d been something on Dean’s face. Some outward reflection of the brief moment in which he’d relived every time some piece of shit shoved him against a locker or chased a punch with the words
Cas doesn’t say anything. He just walks past Dean and into the apartment. He looks around curiously, and he remarks. “I’ve never seen
Dean doesn’t know how to do this. He doesn’t know how to do emotions
Dean is pleading, on his knees at Sam’s feet, and Sam is holding a blade to his windpipe.
Instead, he looks like Jack when he was sick. When he was dying. And Dean well remembers that cold, paralyzing fear as he sat at the kid’s bedside and couldn’t do one Goddamned thing to save him.
“Bobby he’s not –” Dean says feebly, but he knows Bobby’s just trying to rile him on purpose, trying to drag him out of his head a little.
Which is honestly a little uncomfortable sometimes. Sam never realized how much his whole, as Dean would say, talking-about-feeling-schtick was just a coverup so he didn’t have to talk about himself until Eileen started digging into him. She insisted that the only way relationships ever worked out was through healthy communication and, it turns out, after years of living with just Dean and Cas for company, Sam was a little rusty.
“Stop!” another cop demands.
Cas peels off one of the earpads of Dean’s headphones and he says, “There are no oceans in the middle of the continental United States, Dean.” And Dean realizes he’s been muttering out loud.
“Sam doesn’t think I’m ready for a relationship,” Dean says dully. “He thinks I’m just tryna ignore the recovery shit.”
“Alright,” Billie takes pity on him. “How about we just start at the beginning. We’ve still got a little bit of time, so you just start telling me about your life. You don’t need to give me too much detail. Just start talking, and if you reach a sticking point, we’ll pause and consider it as a possible traumatic incident.”
“We think somebody knows something,” Deacon cuts in.
Dean laughs again. Cas’s eyebrows furrow, so maybe Dean’s overdoing it. His eyes land on Dean’s bare wrist.
Then he turns around to grab the carton of eggs out of the fridge. He busies himself with making breakfast, accidently burns himself on the skillet, pours coffee on the counter. Nearly hurls the plate at the wall in frustration.
“Awesome,” Dean gets out of his chair because he’s about a second away from totally blowing up in her face. “Thanks for the advice, sweetheart, but, really? It ain’t none of your business.”
Dean excuses himself quietly. Cas’s arm slips from around Dean’s shoulder. Dean disappears down the hallway where he remembers the bathroom is. It’s across the hall from Cas’s bedroom. Dean shuts his eyes and tries not to think about having sex with Cas. Tries not to think about the disaster that came afterward.
“I, ah, don’t really know what you need to, ah, hear,” he starts. He licks his lips, but it’s a pretty pointless move, because he’s got zero saliva in his mouth. “Last February, ah, Lydia’s lawyer called me requesting a paternity test. I didn’t even know Lydia was pregnant.”
“Shut up,” Sam mutters. “God, I can’t say anything to you.”
Sam’s thumb hovers over the keypad for a long moment, not sure what to say or how to say it.
It’s like they’re in a holding pattern. Dean’s not exactly blind. He knows flirting. He’s been in the game long enough that he can sniff out
“Where you think you going,
Dean catches Cas’s hand in his own. Cas glances out of the corner of his eye and sends Dean a smile. Dean’s glad at least someone’s enjoying the movie. Dean doesn’t want to mess up Cas’s evening. This was supposed to be about them – supposed to be about giving them a second chance. Dean doesn’t want to screw it up – he doesn’t know how to not screw everything up.
“Thanks,” Dean says, letting himself be serious for the moment. “You too, man.”
“Nope,” Sam says stubbornly, shaking his shaggy head. “It’s gotta be you man. You gotta stick around for that.”
“What happened?” Cas asks.
“Can you get the fuck out of my fucking room?”
The feeling travels with him during the day, too.
Bobby gives him a minute before he prompts gently. “Sam say that? That he thinks you’re a shit dad?”
The need is tangible: there’s a claw inside his belly, desperately grasping for a drop of alcohol, and because it can’t be satisfied, it takes to tearing up his insides, instead.
And lots. Lots was wrong with Dean. It had been a year full of screwups. It started with losing Dad’s money and getting caught stealing, and then Dad left him behind at Sonny’s, and then Dean left Robin without saying goodbye, and then Dean lost his virginity to the first girl he could get to say yes in the school’s storage closet, and then Dad got stupid mad at Dean for smoking cigarettes, and then –
“I’m inviting Charlie, as well. So you’ll know more than just me. She knows a lot of people I know. The local queer community is quite close knit.”
Dean huffs a laugh, but it turns into a weird, strangled sound that gets caught in his throat, and Cas tightens his grip around his back. So maybe, yeah, maybe he can’t laugh about that quite yet.
And she deserved so much better. So much more then to die alone and scared in a bathtub, screaming as the blade flashed again and again. And what did she think about as she lay there choking on her own warm blood? Did she think about them: how Dean and Sam had dragged her into this? How they had doomed her from the first moment they fucking saw her?
The guy was still down, forehead pressed to the filthy concrete floor. Dean had time to get out. Go through the door. Run. Don’t look back.
“Have you known him for a while?” Billie prompts.
“My father studied angels,” Cas goes on. “He had a massive library filled with books about them. It’s why he named his children after angels.”
Cas certainly seems to take him at face value, and he asks, “You don’t want to stick around for more of the party?”
. Cas sure as hell ain’t his high school social studies teacher.
. And he’s so Goddamn
“Please, Emma,” Dean tries again, putting a hand on her stomach, rubbing her belly with his thumb. “
Bess has recovered herself swiftly, and she’s back to her sweet, Southern hospitality. She waves him away. “Nonsense. I’m the one that startled you! It’s not your fault.”
“Good morning,” Sam says stiffly.
Now there’s a frown pulling at the corners of Cas’s mouth, and Dean doesn’t want that, either. Because he knows the next excuse Cas will inevitably jump to is that Dean doesn’t find Cas attractive, or that Dean doesn’t want to have sex with
Dean frowns. “I’m not…hungry, Sam,” he says between gulps for breath.
Dean shoves the thoughts aside. He can’t find another toothbrush, so he grabs one from the holder and hopes it’s Sam’s. He brushes his teeth, then he strips and gingerly climbs into the shower. He turns the water hot and just stands under the stream for a minute, braced against the slick wall, reminding himself to breathe.
, Dean wants to protest. But it feels good. It feels good to be held and told he’s strong. He shuts his eyes and lets Cas’s voice wash over him.
The shrinks are waiting for Dean at his new room. And there are two of them, Victor and a NKCH native, plus Dean’s lawyer, Mick Davies, so Dean knows it’s bad. Technically, Sam could be Dean’s lawyer, but Mick’s always been around for the really big things: the arrests, DWIs, and custody battle shit.
, he’s screwed.
“Cas, I have to –” Dean says. And fuck this. Fuck. He can’t stop shaking. “I can’t fucking drive, Cas. And I need – I need to go find –”
Dean kicks his toe softly against the first step of the dais. “I used to.”
“Well, consider the pie tonight celebratory.”
Good thing Dean didn’t have the energy to fold his bed this morning because that’s exactly where Dean lands when Cas lets him go. The jostling change of position sets off another coughing fit, leaving Dean gasping for breath and miserable. He moans and starts shivering violently despite the fact he’s in four layers.
“Yes,” Cas says. He drags himself onto his bed and covers himself with his blankets so his face is all that’s out, head on the pillow and turned toward Dean. It’s like they’re having a sleepover, or something, and Dean can’t decide if that’s incredibly adorable or incredibly lame. “What was your relationship like with your father? You mentioned he didn’t know about your sexuality. Was that a point of contention between you two?”
“Nah,” Dean says. “Just when I was a kid.”
Bobby’s words land hollow in the room. Seem to hang there and echo, echo, echo meaningless inside Sam’s head. A little kid from a long time ago is crying for
this. And Nick smiles, slow and pleased, eyes glinting with intrigue.
“Will she be able to tell them about me?” Jack asks. He clarifies, “My mother.”
Fuck this. Dean is out of the car before he registers moving.
“Remember, everyone in that room wants what’s best for your daughter,” Mick says, voice measured.
“Fuck, Cas!” Sam shouts. Horror gives way to pure reflex. “Do it now!” There’s no way to know how long Dean’s been lying here, not breathing. His heart’s still going, but Sam can’t be sure it will for much longer.
“No it
Dean shrugs again. At this point he’s afraid Cas isn’t going to take the initiative to touch him, to take his hand or rub his shoulder and even scoot across the ground so they can sit side to side, so Dean takes another deep breath, leans over a little, nudges his shoulder against Cas’s.
“So, you dying or something?” Kaia inquires, and Dean can tell her brash attitude is hiding real concern.
“Whatever, bitch,” he says instead. And he does his best not to cough again. “So, the hearing’s on the 25th, but you already know that.”
And dammit. Dammit, Dean. Because it’s not supposed to end like this. It isn’t supposed to end at all, not anymore. Not for a good long while yet.
Charlie fetches her makeup bag from the bathroom and fishes through it for various long, thin tubes.
And, ridiculously, Dean thinks about that guy with the safety pin through his nose. In New York when Dean was sixteen, snuck out on Sam and Dad after a hunt. Dean thinks about the
Cas obediently shuts his lips, staring at Dean so intently with his large, blue eyes that Dean has to look away. He looks at the edge of the pillow beneath him, instead. It’s got a braided hem, gold and light beige with tiny, glistening beads woven into the threads. Something that maybe Cas found at a hippie shop. Maybe someone from his yoga class told him where to look.
“D-don’t want him to know,” Dean says helplessly. “Didn’t screw up – Charlie, I didn’t screw up.”
“My Lord,” Bess says with a shake of her hair, coming loose in a messy bun on top of her head. “When one stops fussing the other starts up.”
He goes to bed. He tries not to think.
“He’s bipolar with psychotic features. He takes Zoloft, Abilify, and lithium daily, valium as needed, and temazepam to sleep. He’s not supposed to have narcotics – he’s addicted. And he’s an alcoholic but he still drinks. No allergies. I mean – ah, cats, but, ah, I don’t think you meant, yeah…”
“I know you’re afraid of falling apart,” Billie directs him gently. “You’ve been taught all your life not to fall apart. You’ve been given grounding techniques to keep you from falling apart. But, it’s safe to fall apart, here, Dean. You don’t need to be afraid to lean into it. The emotions can’t hurt you. The memories can’t hurt you. You’re safe here.”
“Before I let you go –” Donna hedges, “How’s everyone on your end? Jack, Cas, Dean?”
Dean hadn’t realized Benny knew that Dean took meds. He’s too exhausted and muddled to puzzle it all out, now.
“I’m okay, squeaker.”
Sam swallows. It takes a minute for him to steady his hands enough for him to reply,
Michael scrabbles for the blade somewhere behind Dean’s head. Dean sees over his shoulder that Benny’s back on his feet. Christian tosses him his knife. Benny rushes forward. Luca intercepts him. He loops an arm around Benny’s chest, but he only succeeds in slowing the larger boy down.
“What?” Dean says, taking the cigarette out to shake off the ash.
But he doesn’t know how to tell Cas; he can’t even fucking interrupt the guy, so Cas keeps going.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Dean replies. “No. Head’s fine.” Except it aches with a persistent pressure behind his eyes, but that’s probably just from crying. But he doesn’t need to draw anymore attention to the fact he’s crying.
For the tiniest moment Dean imagines what it could have been like. If he had known ahead of time. If he’d been there for Lydia at the hospital. If the nurse placed Emma carefully, reverently into his shaking hands.
There are probably reasons for it. If Dean ever manages to talk about it with Pam, she’d probably blame his loss of privacy in prison, the hospital, and at Sam’s. She’d probably talk to him about social withdrawal in depression. But he doesn’t really need her to explain it, because, ultimately, what matters is that Dean used to be able to actually
The nearest thing he’s ever had to friends was Aaron, who sold Dean weed in high school, and Lee, who Dean road-tripped with for a handful of months when Sam was at Stanford. But Dean was also screwing both of them, so they don’t really count. ‘Cause he’s pretty sure friendship doesn’t involve much nudity; platonic is pretty much a corequisite.
His fist goes through the wall, and he can’t remember standing, can’t remember making the decision to throw a punch, but his fist cracks straight through the drywall. He doesn’t register any pain in his hand, just a cold numbness. He digs his fist back out, hits the wall again, two punches in quick succession. He hears two cracks: something from his fingers and something in the plaster.
“Holy shit,” Dean says. “What are you doing in this hellhole?”
“No, it’s a good point,” Hannah pipes up. “We should all consider the moral ramifications of having children during a climate crisis.”
Something hot and poisonous pulses in Dean’s belly, a mixture of anger and fear that he can’t quite parse out. And he knows he’s being threatened again. Warned to behave or they won’t let him go. Won’t let him go, and day after fucking day, he’ll make tally marks on the walls.
“Dean,” she says. “There’s blood on this. Are you – are you coughing up
“I don’t blame him,” Dean says. He pops a Three Musketeers in his mouth, chews, and swallows.
Michael’s fist closes around his blade again, and he rolls off Dean, leaps back to his feet. Dean’s head buzzes with pain. He shakes it to clear his vision. He weakly pushes himself back to his feet and totters forward.
“I apologize again,” Castiel says. “Gabriel always tells me I don’t pay enough attention to my surroundings.”
“Oh, boo. But, also, respect.” Charlie shovels her omelet into her mouth. “So, you nursing a heartbreak or something, too?”
“Charlie, really? That’s awesome!” Dean replies, a little thunderstruck.
But it’s not, Cas thinks, a habit he will easily give up: worrying for his friends. His family.
shit. Just, like, shit.”
“Am I…?” Sam says dazedly. “Dean, I’m fine – shit, are you okay?”
“Hey, Charles,” he says into the phone, “you okay?”
Dean’s not enough of a jerk to leave the party without passing on his apologies to the host. He’s thankful he bumps into Andrea instead of Benny, however, as she’s easier to lie to. Benny knows him well enough to sniff out bullshit.
“Bones, sit,” Sam demands, and, astonishingly, the animal actually does what his brother says, thumping its tail in excitement, grinning with a mouthful of fangs. “Good boy.”
, or whatever. Dean Michael Winchester doesn’t pray. At least he hasn’t since he was four years old and he’d kneel at the side of his bed, Mom watching him from the doorway.
“Sure.”
Castiel laughs weakly. “Yes. That I am aware of.”
It takes a minute for Dean to understand what Cas is talking about, and when he does, something swoops in Dean’s stomach so violently that it takes away his breath. Because no. No. That hadn’t been Cas’s fault. That had been Dean’s. For God’s sake, Dean had kissed Cas, not the other way around.
. He doesn’t even talk about it with Sammy.
“Good,” Dean says, and he tries to ignore the little bloom of warmth in his stomach. He won’t admit it out loud, but he’ll always feel better if Cas is with them.
“Yeah,” Dean says weakly. “Yeah. Okay. We’ll just wait and see.”
“But I can’t,” Dean says. There’s a dangerous tone of desperation in his voice again, similar to the hysteria that took over the afternoon before, and Cas braces for the worst. “You know why I can’t, Sammy –”
“Jesus –” Dean says hoarsely. “Jesus, Bess – I – I’m sorry –” He hit her, his brain wines at him in panic, all thoughts of his and Sam’s argument forgotten. He hit her. He hit her. He hit her.
“Fuck no,” Dean says. “I don’t dance.” It might have been something he’d do in his twenties, but not at 32 with a bad leg.
He leaves the desk and heads through the door. There’s an unfamiliar Hyundai Genesis in the garage, looks like this year’s model, and Dean definitely doesn’t remember working on it before.
Dean nods. Cas takes his arm again. His fingers squeeze against Dean’s torn skin, and Dean hopes his blood won’t seep through the cotton; he doesn’t think he cut deep enough.
Dean doesn’t want to unpack, but Joshua needs to confiscate the bag because of the straps, so Dean just dumps his crap on the floor.
“What was that for?” Jack asks, eyebrows creased.
“Everything we ever did was pointless,” Dean says hopelessly, and his breath hitches. Every ounce of his concentration focuses inward on breathing. It’s so hard just to keep breathing.
“Just gonna keep my eyes closed,” Dean mutters, keeping with the narrative of a migraine. Mercifully, Sam seems to buy it, and he keeps his trap shut the whole way back to the apartment. It turns out to be kinda true, actually, like a self-fulfilling prophecy, because now that Dean has space to think, his head does really hurt. Probably a result of skipping sleep the night before.
“You sleep it off, and you try again. Unless you see another option.”
Bobby lets out an exasperated huff behind them. “Don’t mind me, I’m just gonna go back to bed,” he says.
“C-Cas,” Dean must think Sam’s a lost cause, because he turns desperate eyes to Castiel, and Cas nearly wilts under his gaze. “P-please.”
“I’m not okay, Sam,” Dean says. His eyes burn. He wants to be. God, but he wants to be okay. “I lasted a month. A fucking month, Sam, before I downed half a fifth.”
“Dean –” Cas says. He moves his hand to grab Dean’s, pulling it away from his hair. “I’m here. I’ve got you.”
Eileen smiles. “It’ll be okay, Sam,” she promises him. Then she flashes him a sign for I love you, and, even though Sam’s fingers are still trembling, he can manage to sign it back to her.
“Fine,” Dean murmurs. He stares at his hands. Opens and closes his fingers. “Sammy getting me out of this hellhole?” he asks, in an obvious attempt to sound normal. Instead, he just sounds flat.
He struggles to push the blankets off his body, but it’s like they’re made out of metal. He finally manages to sit up, redoubling his shaking. It sends another pulse of dizziness, but Dean grits his teeth and powers through.
“Oh,” Dean answers. “Right. Duh.”
conversation to look forward to.
Cas finds Dean’s shoulder with his palm, presses firmly, runs his hand across Dean’s shoulders, then changes direction, tracing Dean’s spine under his shirt. He repeats the process slowly, noting how tense Dean is under his touch.
Fuck. What the fuck was he thinking? What the fuck is he doing here? He tries to pick himself up, but his head spins. He feels sick and dizzy. His chest hurts.
Dean scrubs his eyes hard enough to hurt. He takes two trembling deep breaths to calm himself down.
Dean’s pissed off, and he’s not even sure if he understands what Meg is trying to tell him.
Dean’s stomach drops to his toes. Because talking to Charlene can’t possibly mean anything good. Is Lydia changing her story? Is she going to agree with her mother and offer him money to leave Emma alone –
Sammy needs him. Sammy’s hurt or – or something – Sammy’s crying and Sammy needs him.
“He’s my
-bleeding – but there’s still blood. And little pebbles caught in the skin.
“Fine,” Dean says tightly.
He definitely doesn’t want the night to end. Besides, Cas is his friend first, right? They’re allowed to hang out a little longer.
“Good job, buddy,” he mutters absently. “Good boy.”
She offers a tremulous smile. “You better.”
“Don’t worry, Jacky,” Dean says. “Just because Mommy and Daddy are fighting doesn’t mean we don’t love you anymore.”
And then it’s just awkward silence. Dean closes his fists around the fabric in his hands.
Sam snorts in that unique Sam way that’s sort of a laugh but also sort of pissed off: Dean’d know his brother’s bitchy voice anywhere.
She asks if he’s ever put a child knowingly in danger, Dean says no, and he feels like a fucking liar because he is a fucking liar, even though Dean could argue that he didn’t
want to, too. I’d jump the guy’s bones every time I see him I could.” His ears are burning. He doesn’t know why he can’t just shut up. “It’s just that I don’t think we should. I think – but everyone wants sex. A date is always better with sex. So, if we have sex he’s gonna – he’s gonna like the date more.”
The doctor raises an eyebrow, scratches something on his damn clipboard, but answers calmly, “About thirty hours.”
“I gotta establish myself as Auntie Charlie early on,” she replies.
“It’s unlocked,” Cas tells him.
So, Dean nods, because he’s given up on trying to talk anymore. And he likes the pressure of Cas’s hand against his back, his shoulder, the back of his neck, or his wrist. It’s warm and steady. Makes it easy to remember there’s someone else there. Just Cas. Just Cas and he’s not leaving.
Dean bends so he can trace the letters of her name:
“Dude, what?” Dean sputters. The water cooled his throat, but his voice is still raspy. “It’s the middle of the night. Have you slept at all?”
“S’okay,” Dean says dully. “Not hungry.” And it makes concern stir in Cas’s core again, because he doesn’t think Dean’s eaten anything since the pancakes this morning.
“Hey, man,” Sam says hoarsely. He puts a palm to the back of Dean’s neck and draws their faces together until their foreheads touch. “You’re gonna get out of here soon, okay? They’ll figure out meds or whatever and then we’ll get you out of here.”
Dean finishes his cigarette in the resulting silence, wondering if he has time to smoke another before Charlie shows up.
“That’s good,” Pam encourages him.
“Gonna play some ah-base ah-ball?” Chuck taunts in a phony Italian accent.
“Well, it’s a shit choice,” Dean replies. He finally turns around. He expects Cas to look hurt, maybe defensive, but Cas just looks worried. “I can’t give you what you want, Cas.”
But Dean knows there’s an unspoken caveat of not yet. They don’t have to do anything else yet. Not when Dean’s still recovering or adjusting to his meds or whatever. But sometime. Probably sometime soon. Cas would want to do something else.
When Dean gets back to the plaintiff’s table, Sam grabs his elbow again and pushes him firmly into his chair.
“Come on, Kev,” Charlie orders. “Study break. Listen to your mother.” Kevin frowns, but he does as Charlie says. Dean’s not thrilled about the idea of a teenager trailing after them, but he doesn’t say anything as Charlie waves bye to Ash, and they head back toward the stairs. Charlie leads the way up the last flight, which brings them to the door to the roof.
“This is Bones,” Sam says proudly, tugging the dog away from where it had its paws up on Bobby’s lap, happily accepting ear scratches. The dog is excited to greet Dean, next. Before he knows it, Dean has 60 pounds of fur and slobber bounding toward him.
Emma beams. “Pwease!”
“Fine,” Dean says, voice clipped.
, he orders himself furiously. Because his mind is just a blank sheet of panic. And his brain is swirling around and around an unplugged drain in the bottom of the sink. This is for Emma. Think about Emma –
Finally, he shoulders open the door and nearly walks headlong into another person.
“I told her to get rid of it,” Sam says to the floor, voice unsteady. “She told me to get out. T-told me that – that if I didn’t w-want – then I didn’t have to stick around. But she’d made up her mind.”
“Come and face me like a man, you spineless piece of shit!” Dean screams.
“Thanks,” Dean says, shouldering Emma’s bag, taking the picture carefully, and putting Emma on his hip.
It was Cas’s idea to keep the pills downstairs. He said it would help Dean form some kind of fucking routine if it meant he had to wake up and go downstairs every day. Except for the valium, which Cas keeps in his bedside table, because it’s only for when it gets really bad and apparently it’s highly addictive or some shit and with Dean’s fucking
“So, you gonna tell me what the hell is going on?” Bobby calls from the kitchen. Dean hears the momentary hum of the freezer as Bobby opens the door and fishes something out.
“And you said you went to art school…” Dean says. He doesn’t want to sound like a total idiot. Like, he knows, theoretically, that art schools exist. But he doesn’t know why or how or for what people would go to them.
Dean said.
“Sorry – late,” Dean gasps, gulping air.
Cas helps Dean into his chair and wheels him out to the driveway. The pain in his leg makes the rest of his body feel week and shaky, so he’s glad for the support as Cas helps him into the passenger seat. Cas traded his truck in for an SUV so they could more easily transport Dean’s chair. Dean is hazily aware of Cas folding the wheelchair into the backseat. Miracle hops in last and he rests his head on the divider between the passenger and driver seats.
Dean sets his teeth against the pain in his stomach and the burn in his shoulders. He braces one leg between Cas’s knees, then he loops Cas’s arm around his shoulders, takes a deep breath, and lifts Cas into a fireman’s carry.
“A rumble?” Christian says.
“Dean, no,” the boy says.
Sam brings him back to his apartment, and Dean wonders if his brother will ever let him move out again. He hasn’t had much time to think about his own apartment; he assumes he hasn’t been evicted. He’s got an automatic payment set up from his account, so Gabe’s been getting rent, and there’s no reason to kick him out. Unless Dean scared him enough with his breakdown, and Gabe doesn’t want to rent to a crazy person.
See end note for spoilery content warnings (all story tags apply).
or whatever, Cas wanted to keep an eye on it, and it’s not like Cas doesn’t trust him, but it does serve as a deter if Dean would ever – but he won’t – because it’s not like he’s going to go fishing around in Cas’s drawers for the crap.
“You gotta,” Dean says desperately.
And the next second Dean’s lying flat on his back in a bunch of yellow grass and dead sunflower stalks. The sky is the kind of milky white that comes from a thin sheen of cloud-cover, too wimpy to decide whether it’s going to clear up or brew a storm in earnest.
He’s drawn the attention of the restaurant manager, who’s probably called security, and Dean knows he’s outstayed his welcome. He snatches his wallet out of his back pocket, picks out three twenties to cover his plate, turns on his heel, and stalks out.
They’ve had this conversation before, but, Goddammit, Dean will do everything in his power to make sure his brother leaves satisfied of Dean’s capability today. Or at least leaves, period. Dean’s been living with Sam for the past two years – ten months of which were legally required, 14 months of which were medically recommended – and he’s finally gotten to a place in his life that living alone again is actually a possibility. In fact, Victor, actually called him “stable” for the first time in, like, ever a few weeks ago. So, it’s time to take the plunge. Dean’s ready; it’s not his fault Sammy’s not.
Layla might have been pretty if she wasn’t in the hospital. But, then again, Dean probably looks like crap, too. She’s gray- and thin-faced; her blond hair likely hasn’t been brushed or washed in the last few days, and her eyes droop with fatigue. She looks a few years older than Dean, but maybe that’s just the result of whatever she’s sick with.
Dean holds Benny at bay by half-joking about sobriety buddies. He knows he scared Benny that one day when he walked into a liquor store. And Benny doesn’t know the half of it, doesn’t know about the whole losing time thing – which hasn’t happened again, so Dean’s not gonna worry about it. So now Dean sends Benny a text whenever he gets that itch. Keeps him focused. Keeps him in contact with someone who gets it. Pam likes it – she’s always been a slut for risk management.
“Don’ ‘member,” Dean murmurs. His eyelids droop. Benny’s calloused, thick hand is suddenly on his face. One thumb finds Dean’s eyelid and he pries it open, stares at Dean’s pupils. He’s frowning.
sometimes like Dean’s the only one in the room. Like Cas has to make absolute sure that Dean understands that Cas’s talking to him. And it makes Dean’s chest tighten in an entirely different way. In a way that reminds Dean that he and Cas woke up in the same bed this morning. And they kissed last night. And Dean managed to not freak out like he did the first time it happened.
“I brought, ah, lunch,” Cas says, peaking his head through the door.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Sam says. “The blood’s bubbling. We gotta get this sealed. Cas, get me the – the big bandages with the plastic around the edges.”
“Getting real sick of your bullshit, Winchester –”
“Dean, what the hell –” Sam says.
“But you don’t think you deserved the same protection?” Billie asks.
Bobby’s leg was acting up – the cold weather often makes the amputation sight ache – so he told Dean to take his place in the office. Even though Dean doesn’t have any degree, he’s been working at the garage for long enough that he knows the books backward and forward. Plus, he’s always had a knack for math.
“Two cops,” says Jo.
makes Dean’s stomach bubble with nausea. “Just get it over with,” he says weekly. “Just, God, I just want it over with.”
apron over her shirtsleeves and jeans. She grips Cas in a bone-crushing hug first before bending to embrace Dean. She smells like greasy home cooking. Miracle rushes over, anxious to be included, and Donna gives him his own warm greeting.
“Shit,” Dean says, and lets his head fall against the headboard. And Dean’s not usually such a piss-baby about it. He really isn’t. But last night coupled with the idea of seeing Dr. Yellow Beard again – because Dr. Jorgensen doesn’t just ask Dean about the medication and the side effects, he also expects Dean to fucking talk or some shit, and the last time Dean saw him he just sat there in stony silence for an hour until he could finally leave. And then he had to deal with Cas’s silence on the way back, because it was like Cas could sense Dean’d been uncooperative.
“Just gotta killer migraine,” Dean lies smoothly. “I’ll take a cab you if you don’t wanna leave –”
“She’s at peace now, Jack,” Cas says firmly. “Whatever the reason for her death; she’s at peace.”
“Okay, so what’s it about?”
, hunter –”
Cas swallows back the shameful stab of regret as he lifts his arm away from Dean’s side. He moves slowly, carefully, so he won’t disturb Dean’s sleep.
the inappropriateness of this term because of its ties to Nazi eugenics. Please read their comment, linked above, or you can find it under the comment thread of this chapter. Thank you for giving me space to grow and learn.
“You wanna try to lift this monster up the stairs?” Sam says when he spots Dean, kicking the tarp-covered couch with his toe.
“My name is Dr. Jorgensen,” the doctor says after a moment where he waits for Dean to get comfortable. “We’ve met before. Do you remember?”
Mom. Mom and Sam and Dean sitting at the table – and Dad. Sitting at the table having dinner. Laughing. Crying. Smashing the Goddamn pearl. And Dean couldn’t give it to her – couldn’t give Mom even that one good thing.
He eventually finds one that’s only a half hour away, on the other side of the Lebanon, and Cas thinks about how Dean’s come to know several of the shop owners and members of the community, and maybe it wouldn’t hurt to stay in the town.
“Please,” Dean says. “I just wanna go home.” He gulps. He seems to be having trouble catching his breath. “I just – please.”
Donna smiles easily and laughs. “Don’t worry, Dean. I’m not checking up on you. I’m just here for Emma. You don’t even have to talk to me if you don’t want. I’ll just sit here and watch ‘er.”
As the night goes on, more people fill up the bar. The music gets louder, and a space near the back of the room, closest to the speakers, starts filling up with people bopping and swaying to the beat.
“No,” Dean says, a little aggressively, because he’s really not loving feeling like a stupid little kid on top of everything else.
“Galls are in the kitchen,” Thomas tells Dean.
Dean’s mouth spreads into a smile so big it cramps his cheeks. “Sure does. Come on, get in here. You gotta meet someone.” Dean limps through the open front door, leading Jack into the house.
Warning: Being in a courtroom triggers Dean’s PTSD around prison, including his repressed memories about Alastair. The entire chapter is basically a prolonged panic attack and dissociative episode.
Moving too quick like they moved in summer? One almost date and they were jumping into bed together. The thought makes Dean’s intestines knot themselves up into a pretty bow. He’s gonna – he and Cas are gonna have to talk about sex.
“He told me to get out, Dean,” Sam says softly, eyes going all droopy and earnest. And he’s the only one – the Goddamn only one – who can pull that kind of shit on Dean and not expect to get his ears boxed. “I was stupid and didn’t listen.”
Jack drops his arm, but he doesn’t move closer. It is undoubtedly Jack. It’s been three years, but he looks exactly the same as he does in the picture in the living room: gangly and doe-eyed, round face and mouth the shape of Cas’s. Nervous smile and hunched shoulders.
Dean fucking hates running. He always has, even when Dad made him and Sam do it when they were kids for those stupid
But Cas asked. And Cas told him he could talk, if he wanted to, that Cas would listen. And at this point, Dean’s already bared his soul more than once to Cas, already bled and wept and thrown up in front of the guy, so at this point there’s not much else that Cas might be surprised by – and he said he wouldn’t be. Wouldn’t be shocked. Wouldn’t be hurt. Wouldn’t leave.
“I don’t think so,” Dean groans. “You really don’t have to stay, man.”
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world, Bess,” Dean smiles easily.
“No need,” Cas says quickly. “I’m already on my way to you.”
. Dean Winchester doesn’t fucking
“Not great?” Billie guesses when Dean doesn’t respond.
Dean toys with the idea of calling Sammy, of asking if he, Junior, and his one-year-old chocolate lab, Moose, wanted to come over before Cas and Eileen carpool back home. But Dean hesitates. This feels like something he wants to keep between just he and Cas, right now. In case it doesn’t work out.
Dean fills the tub with water and bubble bath, bad knee protesting the hard bathroom floor, while Emma struggles with the sleeves on the strawberry t-shirt that matches her shorts. She tells him stubbornly “No!” when he tries to help her peel herself out, which makes Dean raise his eyebrows and smile. He eventually has to help her when her efforts turn to frustrated whining, but he manages to place her in the tub before she gets too upset.
And Dean remembers that Eileen’s parents are dead, too. He thinks about how she’d been in Hell for two-hundred years, how she wasn’t going to let anything stand in the way of living her life.
“So, ah,” Sam continues, like he’s tearing each word out of him, and the for the first time, Dean thinks it’s possible Sammy’s crying. It makes Dean sit up a little straighter in bed. “It’s six months, and I was – I couldn’t help but notice that it – it’s almost midnight.”
The tension in the air sizzles and splinters, crackling like a dry fire in the heat.
“Gotta take this slow, okay?” Sam says.
. “What if she has a better chance without me?”
“I don’t have a change of clothes,” Cas says.
Dean’s arm drops from around Cas’s waist. He totters back a few steps before he finds equilibrium again. With distance, he finds his heart has bypassed adrenaline rush into a freeway gallop.
Eileen looks at the sky, then at the kid. “We should get him somewhere warm.”
Dean tries to keep up a rhythm like he uses on himself. And he notices Cas is following his pattern. Slowing when Dean slows, speeding up when Dean speeds up. Cas’s eyebrows pucker in something like concentration. He keeps his eyes screwed shut.
The cruiser pulls away, and Ash jumps into the street after it, waving his hands over his head, “Hey, hey! You forgot to say goodbye!”
Dean doesn’t get much more work done while he waits. He battles with whether he’s supposed to call Sam or not, but he ultimately decides he’ll just watch what he says, and if anything makes him feel uncomfortable, he’ll let his lawyers know after the meeting.
Because actually talking about it makes it all too real. Makes everything else rise up to the surface, too. And Dean needs less awareness to make this work, not more. He just needs to find a way to shut his brain off.
“Sam?” it’s Eileen’s voice, worried and confused, and Sam snaps away from Dean’s embrace. He shoves himself to his feet.
“The fuck you are; you’re a sixteen-year-old kid,” Dean says. He takes a step forward. So help him God, he will bodily drag Sammy away and chain him up if he has to.
that needs to be sent to timeout. He tears his arm out of Sam’s grip, spins on his heel, and stalks out of the dining room, down the hall, and into Sam’s second bedroom, which was home to Dean for two years and has become home again for the last two weeks.
“I – I was messed up, and I said a bunch of shit to you about not being family,” Dean begins. “That’s what it was, okay? Total bullshit. And I’m sorry that I let my own issues hurt you. You didn’t deserve what I put on you. From the very beginning. You didn’t do anything wrong, and all I made you feel like was that
Dr. Jorgensen raises his eyebrows, “And you are Dean’s friend…?”
“No.”
“Hey, hey sweetheart, hey,” Dean breathes, reaching into the crib to drag Emma into his arms and lap. All thoughts of self-soothing strategies and the fact that, at this age, Emma should be left alone until she quiets herself back to sleep, fly out the window. That’s his baby girl crying. He’s not going to let her sit through it alone.
Cas still has the clothes he borrowed from Dean during their night out. Dean counts them as a lost cause. Charlie told him to talk to Cas, but that’s not actually going to happen. Dean doesn’t talk to people. Besides, what he did was pretty shitty. Cas isn’t gonna want to talk to Dean.
“Hello, Dean, Sam,” she smiles prettily and heads back to the patio table, which is already spread with a collection of potluck dishes. Benny lucked out when he found Andrea, with her olive-tanned skin, dark wavy hair, willowy figure, and cute Greek accent, but what’s best is her ability to cook. Dean’s mouth is already watering at the promise of her stuffed grape leaves and baklava. Coupled with Benny’s Louisiana born and bred cooking wherewithal, the annual picnic is always a smorgasbord of Greek and Cajun staples.
“Dean, p-please answer me,” Cas says unsteadily over his shoulder. “You’re scaring me.”
Sam rushes forward and presses his brother back against the mattress. “Dean,” he says. “I’ve got you. Come on, man.” Dean is obviously weakened from the abuse his body’s taken over the past few days, but his panic makes him unexpectedly strong, and he cracks his forehead against Sam’s in what might be an accident or might just be a reflexive response to being pinned down.
“It’s really…colorful,” Dean says stupidly. He doesn’t even mean it as an insult – instead, it’s just the opposite: the layers of color are entrancing and intense. They make it hard to look away. But Dean has no idea how to articulate that, and now he’s worried Cas is going to think he’s making fun of him, or something.
“I didn’t turn in the paperwork,” Dean says, defeated.
“Yeah,” Dean says finally. His voice doesn’t sound like his voice. It’s like someone else is talking from far away. Across a phone line or something. “He did.”
“Well, last time we were talking about how you were worried about how Sam’d respond to you moving out,” Pam continues, unhindered by Dean’s total lack of enthusiasm. “But he seems to have done alright, huh? All things considered. So, that tell you anything about how you should handle your worry, next time?”
It doesn’t take long to get down to business. Not long until Dean lets himself be crammed up against the wall, Nick’s tongue down his throat. Nick grips Dean’s wrists tight in his hands, draws Dean’s arms over his head, thumbs bruising against Dean’s pulse points.
Smoke. Fire. Heat. This is how Mom died. She burned up into a tiny pile of ash. Run. Take Sammy and run. The house burned all up. And Mommy screamed. Dean woke up because Mommy was screaming.
They didn’t bother with flashlights. It’s too much to hope that the vampire’s don’t already know they’re there – they can smell human blood, after all, and hear a heartbeat one-hundred feet away, but it will still be worth it to have the advantage of the dark. There’s a dangling light in the roof of the barn. It casts a pale circle in the middle of the woodchip, straw-covered floor.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, shrugging. “We’re good at it.” He takes another drag from his stick. He imagines black sludge collecting on the inside of his lungs. His heart is steadier now. He doesn’t feel like he’s going to go off the deep end. He drops the cigarette and grinds out the ember with his foot.
“Like –” Dean breathes wrong and his entire body revolts: heart seizes, ribs curl in on themselves like those roly-poly bugs, nausea bubbles in his stomach, head pulses. “Crap,” he finishes weekly.
Sam found an injection site over Dean’s heart the night after, when Dean was puking up his guts in the motel bathroom.
“It don’t work like that,” Dean says thickly. He sucks in a hard, tremulous breath. “No matter how hard you try, Cas. You can’t stop no one from getting hurt. ‘Specially if you love ‘em.”
“Yeah, sure, again,” Dean agrees. “He – he’s always
Dean crutches across the floor, presses his finger against the screen, and tells Sam, “Hold up. Imma put you speaker.” Dean places the phone on the table and deftly steadies the jug so there isn’t an early morning mess. Miracle looks up briefly from where he’s stationed himself under Micah’s chair, ready for the cleanup brigade.
“I – I can’t…” Dean stammers. He looks desperate. A little unhinged, maybe. Sam wonders just how many times Luca kicked him in the head. “I promised, Sammy. I can’t just leave Cas behind.”
“Jesus Christ,” Dean snaps. “It’s just fucking coffee.”
“Fancy,” Dean replies.
Fuck. Dean forgets brushing his teeth in favor of getting the hell out of his room before either he or Cas does something stupid.
“Don’t tell me how to run my Goddamn business,” Bobby replies sternly. “You work your ass off for me, and you have since you were nineteen. Every one of my employees have hit rough patches – shit, I miss more’n a month’s worth of days cuz of this bum leg – and damned if I’m gonna let someone go just for that.”
“Hey,” Dean says, feigning hurt. “The art was cool, too. I mean, I didn’t understand it, but doesn’t mean I can’t, like, appreciate it, or whatever.”
“So, ah,” Sammy starts. “The, ah, dance tonight….”
“Yeah, man,” Sam says. His throat aches so badly he can barely speak. “We’re here. We’ve got you.”
“Okay,” Billie says seriously. He hates that knowing look in her eye. He wants to scream at her. He wants to yell in her face that it
And then there’s a momentary, crystalline thought: it would be so easy. So fucking easy to make it all go away.
For a moment there is chaotic rustling, and then a muffled thump as Cas tosses Sam something. The crackle of unwrapping a bandage, and then Sam’s hand comes firmly down on Dean’s back, and Dean screams. He flails, trying to roll away from the pain, but Cas’s hand lands tight on his shoulder, bracing him on his side.
Jack takes the napkin and wipes his face. He blows his nose. “Can I help?” he asks.
“She’s my daughter, Dean,” Lydia corrects him. “She’s not gonna mess up my day. If she needs me, she needs me.”
“I love you,” Cas says.
Dean shrugs. Before Pam can chastise him, he adds, “I dunno.”
“You need me to come get you?” Dean asks seriously.
Sam looks so ridiculously like he did when he was a toddler that Dean feels a pang of hurt in the center of his chest. Sam used to hug this stupid stuffed dog in bed all the time, carried it everywhere he went, cried himself sick when Dean accidentally forgot it at one of their motels.
“Okay,” Billie says in a measured voice. “We won’t record it this time. This time is just practice.”
“It’s really nice to meet you, Dean. Cas – I’m so glad you decided to come. Obviously, I’m really sad Gabe couldn’t make it. I really wanted time to hang out with you both. But Anna will be so happy to see you.”
Cas and Jack finally detach. Cas pulls away only far enough so he can clutch Jack’s face, one hand on either side, and press a kiss to Jack’s forehead. Dean can see Cas’s face is blotchy and swollen. His eyes are wet. Dean can only think of one other time when Cas cried this hard, and that’s a day he tries very hard not to remember or talk about – unless he’s feeling comfortable enough with Mia.
“Except I was, ah, conscious for some of it. Or semi-conscious, at least. I just remember flashes. Like – like Dad crying. It was, ah, I never really heard him cry that much before so – so, yeah, I remember that. And it was cold all over. And there was a lot of blood. I could smell – I could smell it in the air. It was like I was breathing it.”
“Thanks for letting me crash, kiddo,” he says. Voluntary, platonic physical contact is something he rarely initiates, but he tugs Charlie into a hug before he can think better of it.
Sam said from the passenger seat,
Dean’s just one case in a string of child custody cases being heard that day, so they have to wait in the hall waiting for the previous case to wrap up. He notices Benny, also suited, down the hall, but he’s way too nervous to send him a friendly grin.
Michael says, like it’s supposed to be information Dean already has: “The one that rescued Castiel from the Empty.”
The guy climbed off Dean’s lap. Took his arm off Dean’s shoulders. Dean stared up at Dad’s dark eyes, furrowed brows, and thought he was going to puke. Just keep puking.
It’s snowing slowly: heavy flakes that flutter and drift in the light spilling from his and Charlie’s windows. Charlie strung fairy lights on the banister of the fire escape, and they cast glistening shapes onto the wall of the building across the alley.
He just won’t go to a bar.
Eileen sits beside the dog on the floor and smiles big at Emma, “Hi, sweetheart,” she signs exaggeratedly as she speaks, waving a large hello. Emma mimics her at once.
“I mean – just for a little while,” he says, aware that he sounds desperate and is grateful for the fact that she can’t hear him, even though he’s sure she can read it on his face. “Just until things are…better. Then I’ll – come back.”
“Hell yes did I get lucky,” Charlie crows. “Got her number, too. Name’s Dorothy. Sexy as hell. Drives a fucking
!” Sam says, and he bats Dean’s hands off his shoulders. But then he only turns to tug Dean into a fierce hug. “Love you, jerk,” he says over Dean’s shoulder.
Cain probably misinterprets Dean’s look of absolute shock for disappointment. He’s probably used to angry interruptions, because he immediately moves into mediator-mode.
“Hundreds of nice, unbroken toes, I’d rather not risk it,” Charlie replies. Dean chuckles. “Besides, you’re dancing enough for the both of us, Fred Astaire.”
“Shit,” Sammy says, inhaling through his teeth.
Dean shimmies out of his jeans, still marveling at the fact he can arc his back enough to get them off himself, before he dumps them over the side of the bed. Then he peels off the long, cotton sock he wears under the KAFO on his left leg. The sock joins the jeans on the floor.
It’s getting harder to stay in the here and now. Pain always, always drags Dean back to Hell, no matter how long its been. Dean sucks in a trembling breath around a sob. Coughs. Pain punches through him again.
Dean is able to swing his shoulder enough so he bumps into Cas beside him. “Get off,” he huffs, not quite able to form the proper words, but Cas gets the idea and slides off the bed. He takes a seat in the chair next to Dean’s bed. His hands dangle between his knees. He stares at Dean and Dean looks away. Cas looks strangely hurt. He also seems to be waiting for something.
They left at seven with the goal of getting to Donna’s by five, but unexpected stops – twice because Dean’s nausea demanded fresh air and ginger ale from a convenience store, and three more times because Miracle and Cas both needed to stretch their legs – means they pull up a little after six.
The bunker is empty, but Dean’s panic doesn’t start up in earnest until he sees he’s got several missed video calls from Eileen on his phone, and one alarming text:
“Fuck,” Nick breathes. Dean hears the rustle of fabric has he frees himself from his boxers. He crowds in close behind Dean, all heavy, warm body and strength. His hot mouth finds Dean’s neck, he plants an open mouth kiss to Dean’s skin; Dean feels the edge of his teeth. Alastair liked to mark him up. Liked to bite his neck and scratch his back and leave bruises where the other inmates and COs could see.
“I love you,” Cas says.
Cas’s mouth drops, obviously not sure how to correct this, but Luke guffaws at his face and slaps him hard on the shoulder, “I’m just kidding, Cassie. Loosen up. So, who’s this lug?”
“Fuck no!” Dean sputters. “They’re girls!”
. You can do it. Dadadada.”
“What’s happening!” she screeches, half-way exasperated and half-way amused.
“Dean – Goddammit!” Sam finally catches up to Dean, grabs his upper arm and yanks him around hard enough for Dean to lose his balance. He catches himself against the roof of the impala. “I’ve been calling you!”
“No,” Dean breathes. It’s surprisingly hard to speak. It’s been a while since he’s tried. It’s like all the words are carrying miniature barbells. “No…doctors.”
“I’m not an unreasonable woman, Dean, despite what you might think of me,” she begins. Dean rolls her eyes. She forges ahead. “And I think you won’t disagree with me when I say all I want is the best for my daughter and grandchild. Which, as I’m certain the judge will rule on, is not a man who frequently visits bars to get drunk and spend time with prostitutes.”
“And don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about. Not with the way you’re blushing, mister,” Charlie adds direly.
She takes him by the elbow and leads him firmly to her window. She makes him duck in first, and then follows close behind. He’s on her loveseat and getting bundled into a fuzzy blanket with the Tardis on it before he can register being told to sit down.
marathon is interrupted by a familiar mane of bushy dark hair.
“What’s happening?” Ella demands. “What’s happening? Who is it? Aunt Eileen, what’s happening?” Ella tugs on Eileen’s arm, but Eileen has her other hand to her mouth, biting her knuckles to keep back tears.
It’s all Dean can hear. He doesn’t know what to do with it.
“Stop flirting with your boyfriend,” Max calls from across the table. “It’s your turn, Cas.”
“Yes,” Cas agrees. “Which makes a great deal of sense, seeing as I'm autistic.”
“Alright then. Everyone dress up sharp for the dance tonight.” Benny’s eyes land on Sam. “And let’s get you home, brother. There’ll be hell to pay after Dean sees I left you bleeding.”
, then, for the amount of shit you’ve been through.”
“You don’t gotta worry, Bobby,” Dean insists. “Sam and me are getting out. And if anyone comes around asking questions, you can tell ‘em truthful that you don’t know where we went.”
“Fuck you,” Dean says. It’s not like he didn’t know it was coming, but her words still send a shockwave of ice-cold dread through his body.
“It’s true,” Amara nods. “Nephilim are unique among creation in that they contain both a soul and Grace.”
Dean ends up wearing slacks and a nice shirt. He stuffs his amulet under his collar, so the brass head lays cool against his bare chest. He brings along a tie just in case, but he’s half-way hoping Cas will tell him to leave it in the car.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, stopping on the threshold of the kitchen and smiling warmly.
It’s a small place, sparsely furnished, because even though apartments are cheap in bumfuck Kansas, Sam and Eileen still have to pinch pennies until the two of them find sustainable, civilian jobs.
“Then what was it?”
The kids are still peacefully asleep; they will be for about another half-hour until Ella tumbles out of bed, already a wiggling bundle of excitement over another day full of running through the sprinkler in the backyard, building and toppling block towers, and maybe a playdate with Uncle Sammy and little Dean. And Micah will bury his head in Dean’s chest and insist on another fifteen minutes of cuddle time, sitting in Dean’s lap as Dean wheels himself around the kitchen, pouring bowls of cereal and cups of orange juice.
Campbell sighs heavily and snatches his hat off the bar. He leaves the bar in silence, and as soon as the door shuts behind him, it’s like the place deflates.
One hand low on Lisa’s back, other hand gripping hers, palms sticky with sweat. And he’s got the hip-motion down pat, all in the pelvis, in and out. And swing her out across the floor, twirl her back in. Get a mouthful of her dark hair, but she’s laughing, and he’s laughing, and the music is good: Fats Domino’s
The car jumps over a pothole. Sam’s riding her too hard. Baby needs a gentle touch. And Sam shouldn’t even be driving her. Shouldn’t have to while Dean’s having some kind of fucking nervous breakdown in the backseat.
He dislodges a wad of salty mucus, and he spits onto the ground. He blinks at the glob, which landed with a splat on the fire escape. It’s pink. Fuck. It’s definitely bloody. And – fuck. Fuck. Coughing up blood isn’t good. Even Dean knows that’s a bad sign. He swallows hard and takes a few shallow breaths until he stops coughing. He kicks some of the crusty snow in the corner of the platform over the evidence.
“Do you wanna talk about why you view your body as a business transaction?” Pam suggests delicately, like she might already know.
Jack straightens out and approaches cautiously, eyes glued to Micah. Dean, himself, can’t look away from Jack. He never thought he’d see him again, and the thought sticks in Dean’s throat until it’s hard to breathe.
Dean’s dark thoughts are interrupted by rapid knocking on his door. He levers himself onto his elbows and blinks at the door, because he definitely didn’t doze off, so it can’t be the pizza delivery yet.
“No,” Sam says. “No, Cas. No.” He turns back to his brother, digs his thumb so hard into Dean’s shoulder that Dean winces. “Dean, you don’t get the easy way out, you hear me? You don’t get to do this to us.”
“Nah,” Dean leans his head down conspiratorially. “That’s you, Squeaker.”
For not having sex, they sure do talk about it a lot. Sometimes somberly, leaving Dean or Cas in tears again, sometimes teasingly, until Dean’s balls ache and he has to jerk himself off in the shower after he bids Cas goodnight. Dean knows they will eventually, but Billie explained that it’s a careful and very individualized process. There’s no instruction manual for getting back on the proverbial horse.
“You sleep?” Dean asks Cas, who’s unloading his bags of takeout on the motel’s dresser. Sam’s rubbing his eyes and squinting after his own nap.
“He didn’t tell me
“You expect us to believe that you left a bar with a prostitute, intoxicated by your own admission, that you went to this woman’s motel room, and you did not have sex?”
Dean’s alarm wakes him at 6:00, and Sam kicks him in the face.
Dean clears his throat. The guy startles a little. Takes a step back. His hands fall away from Dean, leaving a damp patch of sweat on Dean’s waist and his left hand jarringly empty.
“I’m going to ask you about a few of the things you mentioned while you were in the hospital, is that alright?” Dr. Jorgensen finally cracks.
“Kali is Indian American,” Cas says stiffly.
“You jumped us at the playground,” Victor says.
“And I shouldn’t have – I should never have been so hard on him. Wasn’t fair.”
And then he leaves.
Dean can’t see through the curtains hanging over Cas’s window. As quietly as he can, he grips the windowsill and draws the window open. The pane glides out of the way noiselessly. He slips inside feet first, and his shoes land quietly as a cat on the threadbare carpet.
“Deacon stopped us on the way over,” Chuck tells the gang. “Told us Campbell’s got his ear to the ground.”
Sam snorts. He doesn’t say anything. Dean stops trying to tether himself to his body and just lets himself drift. He wants to be away. Everything feels heavy and foggy around him. If he opened his eyes, he’s sure the room would be coated in white mist.
He hauls himself back to his feet. He looks like a wreck in the mirror: pale and sick. The change in altitude comes with another rush of vertigo and nausea, so he bows over the sink for a minute to let his stomach settle. Then he rinses out his mouth. He flushes the toilet. He tosses a handful of cool water over his face. He drags himself back through the door and falls into a heap on his bed.
“You’re just gonna barge in here?” Meg continues, voice rattling like a machine gun, face blooming scarlet with rage. “You’re just gonna sit there like some fucking douchebag? I should call the fucking cops on you – I should – I didn’t fucking ask for you –”
And Dean doesn’t get it. He understands, on a surface level, why she’s angry at him for leaving her with a kid. He can understand why she doesn’t want to give up any of her time with Emma, especially if it means leaving her with someone she doesn’t trust is safe. But he doesn’t get why she’s so adamant that Dean shouldn’t have any role at all in his daughter’s life.
And he found Lee. Lee, who felt like a brother, but not really, because he checked all the boxes:
“Where do you work?” Cas asks politely.
Her fingers meet his cock through his boxers, and he releases a sharp breath. He inches his fingers under her bra, touching the bottom of her breast, but it’s hard to navigate under so many clothes.
“We haven’t exhausted our options yet, kiddo,” Pamela says firmly. “I’m still in your corner. But you gotta keep fighting, okay? You just gotta keep fighting for me.”
“If you need me to stop smoking, I can do that,” Cas says immediately.
But at least Dean’s looking at him now, but his expression is still unreadable. “Oh,” he says after a minute. “I mean, if you don’t want to stick around in the bunker…”
“I don’t watch Gabe’s stuff, obviously,” Charlie replies. “But Kali’s woman-on-woman scenes are impeccable. I mean, feminist, fair trade porn? Sexy, sexy dominatrix with lots of leather and knee-high boots? Safe, sane, and consensual? What’s to dislike?”
“I gathered that much,” Dean replies. Maybe he’s being a little bit of a jerk, but as a big brother, that’s his prerogative.
Warning for more discussion about sexual assault. Not especially explicit, but it is emotionally intense.
He lays back against the backrest, legs splayed in front of him, and he perches Emma against his stomach, whispering soothing noises into her hair. He hopes silence and stillness will lull her back to calm, but her tears continue to soak through his sleep-worn sweatshirt. She whimpers for Lydia with increasingly pathetic, heartbreaking noises.
Instead, he keeps walking. He unlocks his door, and he’s swept up in a wave of surprising relief to be back on his own turf. His apartment looks exactly how he left it, except the cardboard box in the corner has been opened during Sam’s search for items Dean needed in the hospital.
“Michael doesn’t like Elvis,” Castiel remarks. “He thinks he’s too provocative.”
“Fucking pick up! Castiel, fuck you, pick up!” Meg’s rattled, urgent voice immediately spills through the line. “Fucking please – p-please Cas – fucking please –”
Sam breathes a heavy sigh. He hauls himself back into his chair, hands dangling between his legs. He finally looks up to meet Dean’s eye, but Dean’s not going to let that happen. He can’t bear his brother’s eyes on him, right now.
Billie gives him an impressed head tilt, and then she runs down the list of common symptoms, asking Dean to respond with
Cas fumbles for the light switch on the wall and the fluorescent bulbs in the ceiling flicker to life.
, or whatever the youth are calling it these days, and he’s still giddy with excitement and nerves, never more so then faced by his little brother and his plans to drop the bomb, this morning. He’ll take any chance of distraction he can get. “Garth said the boys are teething.”
Dean shrugs, “I don’t usually have leftover booze, so I wouldn’t know.”
“I thought that was just, you know,” Dean says uncertainly, “being aware of your surroundings. That’s how my dad trained me.” But now that he thinks of it, he doesn’t notice Sam still eyeing everyone up for possible hidden weapons, even though he was given the same spiel about unspeakable, invisible evils.
“You haven’t seen Cas around, have you?”
“You hungry?” Dean asks, figuring distraction isn’t a better or worse option in his very small arsenal. “Thirsty? I could go for a…” he trails away, sure he’s never been less hungry in his life. In fact, he still feels queasy from what he did to Cas, let alone the waning adrenaline of racing over to Meg’s. For a second there outside her door, he was sure he was gonna burst in on her in a puddle of blood. “Coffee at least.”
The doctor nods. She makes a note on her clipboard.
“Administering another 2.5 mils.”
mugs that was one half of a set. Cas’s own coffee that he made at 6:45 in the morning. Made especially for Dean, the man he’d only known for five minutes. And it was damn good coffee: rich and strong without being too bitter. Probably a dark roast, double-brewed.
“I dunno, do I? He just ran off,” Sam exclaims. “That’s why we gotta find him. Luca’s gunning for him.”
“Dean,” Cas says steadily, and his pale face comes into focus in front of Dean’s. He’s crouched in front of him. Dean’s in a hard chair in a too-bright room and there are too many noises around him: ringing telephones, rattling gurneys, low moans of pain, beeping monitors.
“Excellent,” Cas replies. “I was worried Dean would be bored without anyone else he knew.”
Sam’s hand finds Dean’s back, rubs comforting circles, but he doesn’t say anything. Dean wishes he would. Dean wishes he would just fucking get it over with already.
Dean hasn’t been this distracted by bare skin since he was 11 and got his hands on his first ever
He goes for the sleeve again. Dean doesn’t object, but he lets his head fall back against the cabinets behind him. He blinks up at the ceiling.
Dean’s voice rises from behind the door, a muffled groan. “Sammy, please – please no.”
“Let’s get the kids out of here,” Sammy’s saying.
“Castiel?” Charlie pipes up with a grin. “He’s dreamy. I mean, I’m not in the market for what he’s selling. But, damn. He brought you coffee?”
A reminder to review the content warnings I posted at the beginning of the story. Talking or reading about SH can be a trigger, so if you're not in a safe place, wait until you are before you read this chapter. Be gentle with yourselves.
“No,” Dean moans. He throws his left arm over his eyes, turns onto his side so his back is to the doctor. His face is wet. “N-no. Please. I’m okay. I promise I’m okay.”
“Yeah?” Dean says. “Well, that peg leg of yours give you too much trouble, call me, alright?”
And the song ends. In its wake, the silence thrums like a second heartbeat.
“My chest is tight,” he says.
Emma sits on Dean’s lap during lunch. She’s long become bored by being spoon-fed, so Dean’s grown accustomed to meal times being messy. She happily mushes her pasta with her fists and attempts to pick up tiny pees and pieces of carrots with her equally tiny hands. Bones takes up residence next to Dean’s chair, catching any bits and pieces that miss Emma’s mouth.
“Yes,” Dean says.
Dean thuds his head against the cabinet, skull hitting wood with a dull thunk. “He know where you live?” he asks.
nervous?”
“That’s something you can worry about later,” Cas says.
And then Toni Bevell stands to make Lydia’s opening statement. This is the part Dean should pay attention to, the part Mick and Sam were only able to cobble together from the bits and pieces that came forward in the discovery process.
He raps his knuckles on the wood. Cas’s low-register rumble answers, “Come in.”
Then he carefully gets out of bed. He creeps across the floor to the closet, has to move aside several monstrous boxes of Huggies before he finds his sleeping bag. Then he spreads the bag out on the floor, turns out the light, and lays down. He thinks he’ll be lucky if he gets any sleep at all – his stomach feels like a swamp of guilt and dread. But, apparently, Emma’s tantrum tired out Dean as much as it tired out her; he’s asleep nearly before his head hits the floor.
It turns out Emma really, really likes it when Dean bounces her up and down on his legs, so Dean ignores Donna in favor of making her laugh like he’s the funniest thing since late night television.
Charlie sniffs loudly. “Yes, please,” she says meekly.
Shit. “He’s – ah – the downstairs neighbor artist guy,” Dean fumbles.
“Yes,” Cas says slowly. “But… it’s difficult to explain.”
This is it, he knows: this is his chance. He could just say it. Open his mouth and let it fall out.
“Just open the damn present, ya idjit,” Bobby tells him.
“You were thinking aggressively,” Charlie tells him before rapidly changing subjects. “Every year Gabe invites all his tenets to his mysterious sex dungeon to have a Halloween party, and you’re going to be there, which means we need a couple’s costume.”
It’s not long before the nightshift nurses come in for their rounds. The curtain gets fixed so Dean and Layla can both have their privacy during the night. Dean’s vitals get picked over by a woman who’s not as soft as Missouri, but she’s got laugh lines around her eyes as she introduces herself as Kathleen. She asks him a bunch of embarrassing questions about whether he needs to take a dump in the bedpan, and then she tells him to try to get some sleep.
“Yeah, fucking deliciousness,” Dean shoots back. “Not this shit.”
“You’re named after an angel?” Dean asks, feeling pretty stupid while he says it. Why the fuck does Cas even know about 16th-century occultists?
Dean’s eyes fly open. “Nah,” he says easily. “Thanks Sammy. Sorry for pulling you away so soon.”
There’s an itch under his skin. Dean wants to burry his fingernails into his flesh until he draws blood. Strip his skin, piece by piece, off his bones.
“You can bring the dishes into the kitchen,” Cas tries to smile, and Jack’s face brightens marginally at the idea of a task, however menial. “It’s cold by now.”
Dean wants to ask him what else Gabe told him – about finding Dean out of his mind in a dive bar, about watching him fight off the cops and get hauled off in a meat wagon.
Dean doesn’t say anything. At this point he’d only tell Cas to fuck off, and he already knows Cas won’t do that.
“Shouldn’t have – shouldn’t have taken me so long to say it,” Dean says. There’s painful pressure in his throat. He has to remind himself that he’s not choking on his own blood. “And I’m sorry. You deserve more – more than just some crummy deathbed confession.”
Sam swallows, shuts his eyes and takes several steadying breaths.
It’s only then that Dean notices a small, furry head pop up in the backseat of Sam’s car. Dean’s out of the impala in a second.
Chuck talks about maybe finding his own apartment soon. He’s anxious to get out from under the feet of his infinitely more composed twin sister.
Eileen is pulled off at the side of the road ahead of them. Sam pulls to a stop behind her. Dean wonders if they’d planned this little rendezvous ahead of time so they could discuss what happened. Dean doesn’t see how they plan to do that; he’s still too busy laughing. He’s practically wheezing.
Pain is good. It keeps him centered. It stops his mind from careening off in strange directions, dragging him with it. It keeps him present.
Dean gets to the second chorus before a door perpendicular to the one that leads to the entrance swings open, revealing a trim woman with dark skin, tight curls, and dressed in earth tones.
Benny leaves him to climb behind the wheel.
Charlie shrugs. She unscrews the cap and takes a drink. Her face collapses in on itself and she sticks her tongue out. “
“So, you don’t resent your brother for leaving you alone to deal with your father?”
Sam shows up a little while afterward. He’s got a duffle full of hospital-sanctioned clothes and possessions and a forcefully hopeful attitude that can go fuck itself. Dean wants to go back to bed, but he’s only allowed to have visitors in the dayroom, so he makes himself stay awake as Sam reassures him that this time, it’ll work. This time, they’ll figure out the treatment plan that sticks long term.
For a moment there is perfect, disbelieving silence in Dean’s head. He cannot physically grasp what just happened. Christian stirs: shakes his head, levers himself onto his elbows, touches the back of his hand to his nose and realizes it’s bloody. Sam probably broke it.
“I’m his landlord.”
“We gotta find Dean,” Sam says.
After a while longer, Dean final pops up the footrest on the chair and levels the back out, then he curls into as comfortable position as he can find, and tries to get a little sleep.
,” and Dean can’t help but snort at the word. “Well,
– but now Dean can barely say it.
It’s too much to ask that they won’t run into Sammy on the way there, and, sure enough, the kitchen opens as they pass, and Sam sticks his shaggy head out.
“Because you could sense me praying or whatever?” Dean clarifies.
Sam’s still silently staring at the floor. Dean takes pity on him and transfers from the chair to the bed, bringing the plate and mug with him.
“Tacky?” Charlie replies. “You could never.” She lays the dark blue shirt over the arm of Dean’s couch and puts back the flannel. “You got black jeans in here?”
It’s Meg, surprisingly, who adopts the role of host. She’s busy in the kitchen mixing elaborate drinks and loudly talking to people like she’s known them for years. Dean wonders if maybe she came early to help Cas set up; she’s certainly familiar enough with the place. He can’t help but notice how well they compliment each other: Meg the gregarious, aggressive party maker, and Cas her steady, quiet influence. There’s another pang in Dean’s stomach, but this time he immediately recognizes jealousy.
Dean moves without thinking. “Castiel! Cas!”
“It’s my brother –” Dean hastily supplies, and then he immediately wonders how the fuck he’s supposed to explain why a grown-ass man had his little brother stay the last two nights in his miniature studio apartment. “He, ah, was helping set up some things.”
They bid each other goodbye and Dean sort of does what he told Sam he was going to do; he doesn’t make dinner or watch a movie, but he does crash, and he’s sleeping soundly before it even gets fully dark outside.
Because Cas cleans up really well.
,” Christian spits. He takes a step forward; Anna shuffles backward in alarm. She sees that Christian has his knife drawn and her eyes latch onto it. “You wanna tell him your brother Luca’s looking for him – well you better tell Luca to watch his back if you don’t want two dead brothers in one night.”
“The Duke!” Dean replies. He grins, recalling all the times he’s snuck Sammy into the theater to catch the latest movie. “Damn. He had good taste, at least.”
“School’s for losers,” Claire answers for Kaia.
Dean knows he sounds like a petulant child. He knows, because Sam’s looking at Dean like he’s a petulant child. And Dean really didn’t intend to voice his complaint out loud; he usually keeps his grievances concerning Joanna Beth Harvelle to himself.
Dean’s eyes snap open – his pupils are blown wide with terror and his body moves in pure reflex: his hand shoots out to wrap painfully around Cas’s wrist. His other arm dives under his pillow, where he keeps his gun.
that – he helped make this perfect, beautiful little girl. He’s never been so proud. He doesn’t think he’ll ever stop marveling at her.
Sam is so much better at this, Cas can’t help but think. Some small part of him wishes Sam and Eileen hadn’t moved out so soon. Even though two months isn’t too soon, not when they’d clearly been aching for privacy for much longer.
And Sam is standing over her, toeing her with his boot as though he’s examining an interesting bit of evidence in a case. He looks up when Dean stops in the doorway.
Eileen signs the word for dumbfounded (according to this website):
And it’s true. To a point. If Dean bumped into Alastair in the free world, he wouldn’t have given the guy a second glance. Had a crooked smile, yeah, tall and stringy and balding – but he didn’t look sadistic or malicious on the outside. Just some guy. Maybe had a wife or kids or a business to look after. And he could be gentle. Sometimes he was gentle. Told Dean not to cry, to take it easy, to relax, could make it good if Dean just did what he said, protected Dean from the other inmates whose eyes followed him in chow hall or the yard.
“Yeah,” Jack nods. “I’m, ah,” he looks around pointlessly, ends up putting down the TV remote he’s still holding. Then he stands up. “I’m gonna go make more of that hot chocolate.”
