that you met in darkness
The adults in Péter's world seemed content to keep their heads down and shuffle along under the boot of the Nazi's but there were some, like Anamarie and her friends, who believed that it was their duty to stand up against Hitler because he was a tyrant who should be removed from office.
“You’ll at least let her try won’t you? She fusses so much less if you just let her make a mess of it and then offer a few helpful suggestions, like stockings going on before shoes.” He’d prattled at Pepper before the housekeeper had finally threatened to have Hogan hogtie him and throw him in the trunk, and Tony had felt like an utter goose. Just listen to him, carrying on like a fretful housewife. Was that just what happened when children wriggled their way into your affections? And if so, it was a wonder Stefen wasn’t going mad now that he was forced to be away from them.
"Sanctuary! I have child with me, damn it! Sanctuary." Tony insisted, rattling the rusting bars in the center of the door and the monk gave him a sour look. “You have to let us in!”
Schmidt took another bite, swallowed, grinned and continued, his face taking on terrible stillness.
“Herr Stark, was I unclear when I told you the music room was off limits?”
“Shit Stevie, is that really how you want this to go down? They lose their mother and have to watch their father walk away from them and not come back? Fuck!” Bucky was so angry he couldn’t look at him anymore, reaching in the pocket of his pants for his cigarettes before remembering he was in his night ware and giving up.
His three-year-old knew better than to make a mess while she ate… or draw more attention to herself than was necessary, because her father found it hard to hear her whines or her cries… or sometimes even to look at her.
“We are better men than our fathers.” Stefen snapped, irritably clenching his cutlery with dangerous force. Tony could see the tension in him, like a rope pulled to tight in danger of snapping. Still, Stefen did his best to maintain control.
On Air: F. Banks
“No, cause It’s the
“Our office has not been able to determine their point of origin or to break the code to determine their contents,” Coulson said, causally as if he hadn’t likely had a direct hand in delaying their progress and Tony smirked despite his unease.
Natural Science was her worst subject wasn't it? More science. That's what their curriculum needed.
When Tony had blurted out that his son had helped the monk build a working radio from scraps up in the attic, he'd been shocked and demanded to see it (in part hoping that the trip would distract Tony from the conversation for the time being).
“Tony?”
, and maybe one day he’d even
“Maria!” Steve called, trying to reach her.
There was no denying Rogers had a certain...presence. His command while uncommon for someone so, well, common, was the best Frank had ever been under but he was not the typical sort of commander by any stretch of the imagination. Rogers slept in the sparse company barracks with the non-commissioned officers and left piles of paperwork to be done (God knows when he found time to do it) on his desk. And because he was always with the men, it meant Becker was always with them as well.
“You're right.” Magda’s voice filtered in through the thin barrier of the blanket, flat and firm.  “It's very different, philosophizing and handing out paper.” Steve couldn’t see the look on her face, but it must have been something because when the man spoke again his voice had taken on the same flat, rigid tone.
Péter’s room was next. Tony wasn't sure what he had been expecting but it was, oddly, not the mess of books and knick knacks cluttering the room, enough for two boys he'd wager. It did look fresh however.
“Before the ink has dried on your dismissal papers,” she promised. “I can forgive your brash nature and your inappropriate refusal to address me by my proper name, but I will not let harm come to these children.”
“Well then, if I may speak freely Captain?”
“How did – “ Stefen began to ask, his voice cracking but he fell silent when Coulson shook his head sharply.
The bald statement hit her like a slap and for a moment she couldn’t form a single thought, but then…
He opened his mouth to answer (anything) but no sound came out.
"He didn't even ask, he just killed him Tony! And he's going to cook him!" Maria sniffled into Tony's neck, glaring balefully in Bucky's direction. The man had a pair of mountain hares slung over one shoulder, but he at least had the sense to hang back until Tony had carried the girl away from the fire before he began the process of skinning them.
Or anyone, he thought as Péter grabbed his arm, his hand squeezing tight and pulling until he forced Steve to slow. On autopilot Steve brought his elbow up thinking, ‘
“I’m leaving for Vienna in the morning-” Steve was not prepared for the uproar from his children.
“I can understand why you might have a hard time believing that,” Farkas continued, once more seeming to read his mind. His voice remained soft and intent, his eyes boring deeply into Tony like they sought to burn the words on his soul.
He swatted Artur's bottom gently and Artur scrambled out of the room, grinning from ear to ear in triumph.
None of the children had ever voluntarily talked about their mother before. She was a ghost lingering over the entire household and yet nobody in the house seemed willing to so much as speak her name for fear of upsetting the captain. But the children should speak of her, remember her, if that was what they needed to do. Tony tried to trod carefully.
"I had heard that yes. I'm just not sure how it well help."
Ssgt. Zimmerman nudged the tray forward. “Food, sir. And there is someone here to see you.”
He and Ian could have been twins in that moment what with the familiar determined clench of jaws and earnest expressions.
Tony hesitated for the barest of moments, and then deciding that cowering was even more detestable to him than immediate obedience. Slowly Tony moved away from the piano and made his way with deliberate ease toward his waiting host. The Captain closed the door behind him with a click that seemed obscenely loud and Tony flinched. It was stupid stupid stupid, to antagonize the man this way. Dangerous. What had he been thinking?
As a group they hurried through the back alley’s as quickly as they could but even there they ran into others, proving they weren’t alone in the idea. There were other runners. Other hiders. Others whose faces were so full of fear they looked as if they were in rictus, the whites of their eyes flashing through the thick darkness at them. Natacha let out a squeal of shock behind him and Steve whirled, body tense and ready to drop Sara and rip apart whatever threat had made Tacha scream- but the person, the man, was already down. He lay slumped in the shadows, unconscious or dead. She’d tripped over him and now she stood there, staring at the misshapen lump at her feet.
What a waste it all was. Rogers had gorgeous women all but biting each other to get at him, seven children, fame and glory on and off the battle field. He could have been a General by now if he'd not taken time off, slowed down his career to have a family. As much as it pained Dvořák to admit it now, but Rogers could have been in Hitler's right pocket.
“Hard to keep track when you have fifteen of them.” Kroger chuckled, the tension easing a little in his shoulders. “Isn’t that the way daughters are? One minute they’re in white dresses and sashes, the next you’ve blinked and she’s picking out rings and telling you about the state of the Reich.”
"Tony can't leave if they can't find us. He wouldn't go without saying goodbye." Artur had plotted, and they'd slipped away to hide in the closet under the attic stairs.
Bucky had to smile when Sara rushed over to her teacher, who was still sitting behind the piano bench, with raised arms in wordless demand. Stark rolled his eyes in Bucky’s direction but still pulled the small girl close and lifted her up onto the bench beside him. She looked happy to be there.
Tony was tempted to agree just to show the man a thing or two but there was still the matter of his pride. What was this, really? Tony went over the events of the last few days in rapid succession.
Steve was bent over the sink, his fingers stiff from the effort to hold himself up as he gripped the porcelain. He was nauseous, stomach cramping painfully in short sharp bursts.
“Perhaps he is devout?” Natacha suggested the obvious and Frauline Werner’s lips curled in a grin very close to a sneer.
The subject of the letter, the girl who had written it, and the X-Men was thankfully set aside and forgotten. By the time they’d finished their coffee and cake the boys were back to laughing and sharing old stories from their childhood. Eventually Gwen needed to head back toward town and Bobby to escort her. Harry invited Péter to come along with him and to spend the weekend.
“Nothing has changed. We’ll spend a few days more than we anticipated on the boat, and then the four of you will go back to England as planned while Tony and I stay behind to protect the Norwegian Royal family.” Stefen replied back forcefully, as if he were bending the universe to his will. Tony threw his own will behind it and silently prayed they weren’t about to step into another nightmare.
“No,” Steve immediately protested, perhaps too sharply because the woman jumped.
With a warning look that the discussion would be returned to, Tony turned on his heel and strode for the stairs. Questioning Stefen would keep long enough to keep his youngest boys from bringing the house down around their heads. News of their visitors ought to spark their curiosity enough to finish getting dressed in a timely manner Tony thought.
There was something about being with Tony that made Steve feel at ease, even in a pit of snakes like the ones crowding Hermann Göring’s famed gallery that evening. It was the natural choice Steve supposed for a party in honor of a lauded historian and archeologist, but Göring never let an opportunity to show off his collection go by so some of the shine was lost in his opinion.
“What a stupid fucking question,” Bucky mumbled, dragging his eyes open. The private’s face colored and his gaze shot down to his boots, embarrassed.
Artur was quickly on to the next thing, but James pouted for as long as he could hold out before he was in danger of missing out on the fun of a Punch and Judy show.
“You make an ugly woman Cousin” Grig, remarked once the car Grig had waiting had pulled away from the hall. Tony, still craning his neck to be sure his unwanted friend wouldn’t suddenly reappear, ignored the jibe, but not the alarmed looks the driver was casting over his shoulder at his hairy knees. Tony could see the man was debating whether to kick them out or not.
Péter shot his sister an irritated look and she smirked at him. Tony’s heart sank somewhere into his stomach.
"Stefen, I know how much you care for James," Charlotte's voice was softer now, some of the warmth back in her eyes as she looked at Natacha's father with a piteous expression. "But you can't just leave. You have orders. You know what they’ll do if you don’t follow them."
“Calm yourself Herr Stark there is no need to shout.”
“I’m good at reading people. My mother calls it my seventh sense.”
Tony did not laugh but it was a very near thing.
“I suppose,” Péter grumbled, face setting with disappointment and Tony clapped a consoling hand upon his shoulder.
Much like his prala always counted them. Bucky had an excellent poker face but it was still no match for Steve who knew all his tells.
Ian stared at him for a long while, chewing on the words thoughtfully as he slowly relaxed against him.
"We’ll have our tags." Natacha whispered back. "They have our real names, which means that we must be on a list somewhere. And it's as good as a visa. I say we get off at Worgl Bahnof and we wait, but if Tony and Bucky don't come... We should find the next Kindertransport and tell them we got lost."
He’d not rested well. Tony had spent the previous night in his workshop instead of coming to Steve’s room, claiming to be behind in his work on the boat. Steve had offered to stay with him while he worked, but Tony had begged off, urging Steve to try and catch up on the sleep he’d missed the last couple of days.
He almost missed Natacha’s low murmur. But when he snapped his head back around to demand to know if she’d said what he’d thought he’d heard her say, she was already moving past him and toward the gate.
Strange as it was Tony had never felt real autonomy until he’d become a monk, the brothers taking him as he was with all of his cracks and fissures. He remembered a night after his third attempt at running away, having been dragged back by Fil, Bruce had sat with him. He’d dressed Tony’s various cuts and bruises and simply sat with him, like he was sitting shiva.
Even the rage behind the words could not drown out the hurt Tony saw brimming his eyes, as if somehow in lumping Stefen together with the people outside Tony had wounded him deeply. But what reason had he given Tony to think differently? Wasn't he always doing his best to contradict any glimmer of hope Tony had that within that breast beat the heart of a good man, and that Tony hadn't in fact fallen in love with a monster?
“Da?” the tentative voice was bolder this time and Steve recognized it before he’d managed to blink the spots from his eyes and clear his mind. He was in the boys' room. It was an hour or so after midnight. Tony had left for Dachau six days previous. Steve had made a promise to help the children feel secure by getting them back on their normal routine as much as he could bear.
“There was no one else Stark!”
Tony hadn’t gone with. Professor Sieger’s little glances at the bedroom door, where the children slept fitfully (if at all) had rooted him to the spot. There was so much a person did for love. Or out of fear.
“And now I was lonelier, I supposed, than anyone else in the world. Even Defoe's creation, Robinson Crusoe, the prototype of the ideal solitary, could hope to meet another human being. Crusoe cheered himself by thinking that such a thing could happen any day, and it kept him going. But if any of the people now around me came near I would need to run for it and hide in mortal terror. I had to be alone, entirely alone, if I wanted to live.” ―
Tony grabbed the wrist of the hand holding him and attempted to pry it loose, snarling back with just as much vehemence even though he was frightened of the slightly unhinged look in Bucky’s eyes. And he had to remember that soldier or not, James Bakhuizen was
“And don’t think I haven’t noticed this Herr Stark business. I told you to call me Tony or Antony if you have to. I knew a Herr Stark and he was beastly.” Péter laughed again full bodied and wiped the last remnants of wetness away from his eyes.
Cameron, who was sitting opposite of young Hortense cleared his throat nervously.
Silence descended again for a few painful breaths, and just when Deiter had decided to reach and snap the radio on one of the little girls began to sing. It was the dark one with the large doe eyes. The one who never talked.
"We're Rom, Péter."
“Major. Please remove this woman. The patient has no time for female hysterics!”
And it was at that moment that Tony made a decision that things could not go on as they were. The world might be screwed up but this he could fix. He was good at fixing things.
Unfortunately, Tony's stomach chose that moment to growl loud enough to inform even the dead how hungry he was and Ian narrowed his eyes at the sound, mouth tensing with worry.
~*~*~*~
“Charlotte.” How to tell her the Reich would never be done with him. Nor he with it. Not until one of them was destroyed. He squeezed her hand and untangled their fingers. She sat back in her chair, smile pleasantly fixed, the moment of vulnerability passing like a puff of smoke.
Grimm handed him a small piece of paper with the floor and room numbers where the other units were lying in wait, and Steve called for a torch which one of the men quickly supplied. Shining the powerful light outside the window he quickly powered it on and off, using standard Morse Code to announce their unit and their status. All well.
“Virginia, do you have a room ready for them?”
Until next time.
“Yes?” Nik inquired dryly, not really wishing to know what Tony had done this time but suspecting that it likely involved the monastery’s treasury. He could already feel the beginnings of a headache.
“That’s where you’re wrong.” Tony replied, leaning forward in his chair. “You have what, perhaps a year before war breaks out? You’re outnumbered. You aren’t going to triple in size before then and you know it. Which means you need ships that are stronger, faster, and hit harder than anything they’ve got. You need more than an engineer. You need genius.” Tony tapped the side of his temple for emphasis and the agent’s mouth tightened in a frown, but he kept listening.
His point is, we knew what was at stake, and we knew how hard it was going to be for Father and Tony and we didn’t want to make that harder on them.
"For a moment, I got lost in a dream," Stefen began, fingers continuing their slow rubbing of the back of Tony's neck, the blue of his eyes distant for a moment as he chased a memory.  "I thought with the Führer dead that things might be different. Maybe then I'd have done enough… we could have chance at a new start, you me, and the children. The house in Switzerland, a quiet life... Péter could keep going to school."
“Sounds like she wants you.” Bakhuizen took a slow sip of his coffee and Tony watched his throat move covetously as he imagined the smooth dark liquid disappearing down the man’s ungrateful gullet.
Bucky loved the kid, but could admit that on his best days he was stubborn and manipulative and to manipulate others required knowledge of them, perception, insight, and sound strategy.
"Did the Enns Sisters really vouch for you, Father?" She asked with an arched red brow and Stefen chuckled, looking somewhat exasperated himself as he nodded.
“Of course, Major.”
Tony laughed, and raised his cup to her.
“Pip. You don’t look as if you’ve aged a single day since the last time I saw you.”
Tony, the Rogers, and their guide – a rather ordinary looking Jewish fellow named Luzzato who looked better suited for a desk than for this sort of work –  had left the Genoa office under the cover of night. Luzzato lead them to the coast, where a small sail boat was docked. Its captain had been waiting for them there, and seemed anxious to be off. They hadn’t traded introductions as Luzzato had urged them quickly to board, and it didn’t sit well with Tony that he would never know the name of the man who had helped them escape Italy that cold morning in early spring.
“That’s because I wasn’t.” Steve reminded him with a small smile. “You’re the high class one remember? I was born on the side of the road.”
“Herr Stark. I think something else would be more...appropriate.” Pepper caught his eye shaking her head slightly, a warning that looked far more like sadness in her eyes, and Tony couldn’t miss that he was back to being Herr Stark.
"You should-" Péter began.
Tony sighed, turning the page of his book even though he barely recalled what he’d read. It was just a damn shame, that Stefen had never experienced the full flush that the twenties had offered. Back when the music and culture that Tony had discovered in the red-light districts as a young man had burst into the public eye in full color. The strange and the unusual holding their heads up proudly and strutting across the world stage in defIance while the world looked on in awe.
“When the tour ends you’ll go to Switzerland.”
Tony had sat up most of the night planning that days lesson. The events they’d witnessed at the market could not go unaddressed and Tony could not leave them so. In this endeavor he had to step carefully but step he must. He’d stood still and watched too many times already for his soul to bear.
Tony's heart fluttered within his chest, realization dawning as the words sank in. The garden was where the children said their mother had always held their birthday parties. Informal and gay affairs for the Rogers and their neighbors, full of music and dancing.
Tony pressed his mouth to Stefen’s shoulder, debating on whether or not to keep pressing the subject.
Children he realized, the last puzzle piece clicking into place. Irritation bubbled inside his chest. Could they not be left well enough alone?
“Any chance they’ll be back?” Stefen asked Luzzato behind him as Tony and Ester ran out on deck, trying not to slip on the slippery boards, to check the condition of their sails. He kept an ear open for Luzzato’s reply, allowing a small moment of relief when it came in the negative. Apparently, French fighters had chased the enemy aircraft away.
He clicked the barrel back in place and looked up to find Stefen watching him intently.
Now he sounded like her father she thought, her delight fading. He wasn’t jealous like a beau would be, because to him she was still a child.
“Oh I see, and what language is that pray tell, more
"Wait!" she heard herself call out without really deciding to, grateful for once for the shorter skirts of her uniform as she ran after his retreating back. Even unplanned, she hadn't expected him to stop she realized as he paused at the end of the hall turning to face her. They nearly collided. She managed to avoid running into him and keep herself upright, casting an anxious glance around the deceptively empty hall, mindful of the occupants of the other guest rooms.
Steve wanted to protest, but he realized too late that his eyes had drifted shut, exhausted sleep claiming him far faster than he could have imagined.
“Yes. I’m hoping for a girl this time. Between Frank and Ret I think I could use another woman around.” Turning, Susann’s eyes landed on the children, eyes sticking first on Péter and then Natacha. He thought he saw what might have been tears in the corner of her eye but with a toss of her head and a wide smile if ever they had been there, they were gone.
“All.” Holmes confirmed without embellishment. Pain splintered through Tony as he remembered the Hogans.
“Don’t answer that!” he snapped, whipping his head back around only to be taken by the complete surprise of Stefen’s arm sliding around his waist and one hand firmly taking ahold of his jaw to position Tony’s mouth just where he wanted it.
was also in the way that the people worked around the discriminating Racial Laws to ensure that their Jewish neighbors could continue to earn money to feed their families.
Steve saw red.
Again, the woman was making no sense to him. She was talking about the animal, but didn't she understand? Didn't she recognize Steve for what he was?
“Did you or did you not understand me, Stark?!” Steve snapped as he might to one of his soldiers, his temper flaring wildly.
~*~*~*~
But, though the captain’s hand on the boy’s shoulder might have been heavy, the thumb that trailed lightly over Péter’s shoulder was betrayingly tender. Péter swallowed thickly, his spine straightening as he nodded with newfound conviction.
Prince Thorson turned keen light eyes on him as they approached. Steve stiffened at the penetrating stare those eyes gave him, wary now of the prince's request to for a private audience with him. A lot was riding on their negotiations. He only hoped he could convince the Prince it was in Norway’s best interest to help them.
“Tony.” Pepper’s voice called through the fog in his head. The way she said his name, like she knew. As if she might know every last thing battering around in his heart and his head in that moment. He had to bite his lip, a sob welling up in his throat. He was so tired of being afraid.
Tony mentally shook himself, because beautiful creature or not, Rogers was a
“Yes. A girl I know recently turned six years of age and her brother is twelve today. That demands a party.”
She didn’t really care. At least Tony wanted to believe she didn’t, but if their conversation the afternoon before was anything to go by he felt confident in believing that she did not truly but her consciousness of what society expected of them prevented her from saying so. It was the rules of the game and Natacha was nothing if not good at games.
Bucky’s father used to have this horse he’d called Grandfather, with a glare on him and a hind kick to bash a man’s head in; but he was sweet as anything for a bit of food. Terrible temper if you forgot your offering.
Even as he said it Tony felt another twinge of guilt, because he knew it was more than stuffed ears. He’d thought of nothing else but the damn boat for days and pushed everything else aside, including the children. He’d make it up to them he promised himself. For starters, by making sure their father made it home safe from his mission.
He jumped when Rogers thumped a stack of carbon paper onto his desk and glared at the disruption. The last time they had served together Rogers had made a point of writing personal letters as little as possible, though now he seemed to write a letter a day as evidence by the load he was shoving under his arm. The last time they had served together Rogers had made a point of writing personal letters as little as possible, though now he seemed to write a letter a day as evidence by the load he was shoving under his arm.
When the countess had stormed from the room and then the house like a cold wind, Hammer and Julia scattered. Charlotte had followed more sedately after, not quite able to hide the surprise or the flash of vulnerability in her eyes when she discovered him within hearing distance. But she nodded regally and continued on her way, pausing for a moment to glance in the hall mirror. Tony had watched her tidying her appearance, her armor, with new grudging respect.
Quickly he scurried inside the study and shut the door behind him, an elated grin briefly taking over his expression. If Tony had hoped that in his hurry the Captain would leave something to chance he was disappointed. Stefen’s office was sparser than he’d ever seen it, the folders and papers that had once littered the top of the desk neatly filed away perhaps in the desk drawers or in the small bureau beside it. There wasn’t even a book out of place, as what few there were, were stacked neatly upon the shelf on the right wall adjacent to the couch. There were no trinkets and baubles hanging about either. If not for the paintings on the walls with their rich colors and lively scenery, the place would look as if no one had ever really occupied it.
“Have you no heart Brother?” Thor demanded in a thunderous voice, gesturing violently with one hand toward the window. “You read the very words I did, yet you would have us stand by while they take what does not belong to them and go back on their word? We should mobilize our army. They will think twice before they think to come against the house of Odinburg!”
“What’s going on?” Tony asked, breaking the tense silence within the room and Bucky made huffing sound and crossed his arms.
Once the tears started there was no stopping them. They just leaked out of him without his control, hot and stinging his battered face as his body shook. He was rattling right out of his skin. The chair wobbled on its legs as Steve slid off the edge and dropped to the ground where he curled himself into a ball.
"What did you tell them?" She heard the cook ask, sounding fretful, and a chair scraped loudly over the floor and almost drowned out Hammer's reply.
“Stark Industries still holds the naval contract. Who else did you think was going to head that operation?”
“As any sane man would be.” Bruce interjected. “And if it wasn’t the Captain who roped you into it, then I have to wonder why you’d want to put yourself at such risk.”
The edge of Rogers’ mouth twitched as if he might smile, but he seemed to know not to. He simply nodded, resting his other hand briefly upon the younger boy’s shoulder and departing with a gentle squeeze.
The party was starting, and Charlotte had already corralled father down into the hall to greet their guests. But James was pretending he didn't know how to get dressed on his own again, Sara refused to let Tony put her down and Maria had found a hole to hide in somewhere that Artur refused to tell anyone. Charlotte seemed very annoyed that Ian and his siblings weren't ready yet, even though she’d kept smiling at them when she asked Ian and his older siblings to be dears and help get the little ones together.
Far from getting them to relax like he had hoped the Rogers children - in perfect synchronization mind you - went into parade rest. He was apparently going to have to work very hard to see if there were indeed really any children living in the Rogers household, or if they had all been replaced by astoundingly impressive androids.
“I’m looking for a title I saw in the window. Captain Adventure.” Tony explained, grateful for the woman’s assistance.
(See the end of the chapter for
“In a week or so. He can’t leave for very long. He’s gotta get his papers done again,” da muttered, his attention focused on threading the needle. Though Ian’s father had a habit of looking focused on something but really paying attention to something else. He did it all the time with Tony.
Previously that had been in the garage, but finding himself too often in Harold’s way he’d migrated to the attic. Which he’d been forbidden from entering now that it housed the world’s best radio (which admittedly probably really would be grounds for arrest and questioning if anyone saw it) but that night especially Tony really wasn’t feeling gracious toward the captain and figured what he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
Ian clenched his teeth. He was sick of talk of matching and babies. He would never have babies he decided. All the Germans wanted to do with them anyway was make them into more soldiers. And not the good kind.  Ian was certain he did not want to be German, but he would always want to be a soldier. The right kind. The kind who fought to protect people and defend their homes, not destroyed them and bullied little girls.
The face Bucky made said it all. He’d advocated many times over the years for Steve to leave the army.
“James? Tony do you have him?! Tony?” Ian was crouched now on the very edge of the bank, biting his lip anxiously as Tony cut through the water towards where James was thrashing, unwittingly propelling himself deeper and deeper out.
Stefen the giant hypocrite kept urging Tony not to buy anything too lavish and risk spoiling the children, but Tony mostly ignored him. The man enjoyed taking care of people and he equally enjoyed spoiling his children, albeit through Tony if he had to. And it wasn’t as if Tony hadn’t noticed how long they’d lingered at the bookshop. Tony wet in thinking that Stefen would be itching to go before Tony could get even half his fill of science and medical journals, but Tony had even managed to wander into the herbology section and Stefen was still poring over the titles on naval battles and pestering the shopkeeper with questions about whether he thought the thick tombs contained content appropriate for a child.
Ian looked up at him still nervous but curious now and Stefen lifted a brow, the corner of his mouth turning up in a small but genuine smile.
“I’m sorry. I – you're right. We’ll lay low.” He said, turning back to Bucky with as much apology as he could stand. It wasn’t much but it was something.
She needed a hospital. Steve climbed back to his feet, looking around desperately for someone or something to help, relief and desperation striking anew as he tried to wave down an automobile knocking its way down the street, blaring it’s horn in warning.
Tony’s eyes twitched, the sound of the birds chirping invading his pleasant dreams. The children’s voices faded as the chirping of the bird took up more and more space in his mind. Something wasn’t right about the sound. It kept tickling at his brain and bringing with it a sense of urgency.
The woman didn’t respond to the attempt at humor. She stared at him for a moment longer before slowly pulling off her gloves, never taking her eyes off his.
He’d wonder how the boy had known how he liked to drink it, but that was Ian. Quiet and observant and so quick to take care of others.  Tony took a few hearty bites of a sandwich and swallowed before offering him a smile.
“Here go get dry, change into these, and I’ll see about getting your clothes cleaned tomorrow before anyone notices,” he offered, thrusting a folded night shirt Péter’s way. The boy accepted the offering wordlessly and headed for the bathroom and Tony breathed a sigh of relief. But just as the child reached the door Péter paused, turning back to Tony.
Boots sounded on the stairwell.
“No! That's not it, she hasn't- not yet, Stefen. She’d go directly to you first.”
“Stefen!”
Steve watched Tony’s confident smile turn brittle. The lines around Vonkovs mouth set deeper in a look of such smug satisfaction Steve almost couldn’t stand it. It took everything he had not to open his mouth and he might have managed it, if Vonkov hadn’t leaned back in his chair all satisfied and declared for the whole hall to hear, “Hughard Stark was a great man, but he betrayed his blood and that was his greatest failure. I don’t think anyone can argue that his seed was wasted on an unsuitable bitch.”
Tony lowered his fingers from his mouth. And though he was frowning sternly at the children there was something so bright and
“Do you really mean that?” Péter looked wary, but Tony could hear the hope behind it.
“Get up.” He urged the others. “We’ve got to move.”
He wondered what room in his house Tony had commandeered this time and what that brain of his was going to spit out next.
He was trying as his hands cradled the back of Artur’s head to remember the last time one of his children had called him daddy. He couldn’t remember… couldn’t remember the last time they’d tucked Artur into his bed and called him their ‘little Artry’ either, because there was no
“Tacha, bambina are you hurt?” Tony’s shaking hands were dancing over her shoulders and legs feeling for injuries.
The crowd inside the cafe was a mix of tourists on holiday and locals.  His eye was immediately drawn to the large group of children sat near the windows of the cafe, a few with luggage at their feet but more noticeably without. All of them, down to the smallest, wore tags tied to their wrists as if they were just extensions of their luggage. They were being minded by two young women in thick coats and hats, bearing badges that proudly announced them as part of the Kindertransport Association of Austria. Following the November pogrom Britain had decided to open its doors to children, and they’d been leaving the country in small waves ever since. Deiter could not imagine what sort of parent would choose to sign their child away and give them into the hands of strangers, but there wasn't any doubt that it was better than the alternative. There truly was no place for Jews in Germany anymore.
of us in danger. We’re all we have right now and he’s got to learn that.” He tried to explain it, but to him it was too easy to hear the plea in his own voice, the exhausted desperation of someone at their wits end.
“Bucky?” Stefen prompted, sounding concerned again, and Bucky blinked harder, perturbed by the sudden blurriness of his vision.
“We went all over,” Péter reminisced. “She wanted us to see all the places she’d been in Austria. I don’t know why.”
Stefen exhaled softly next to him and Bucky became aware of a strange tension in the air. He looked up to find Stefen staring out over the water… but no, his gaze was fixed slightly lower than that, watching Stark fixing the boats down by the water’s edge the same way he was.
They carried on in silence again for long minutes, each staring out their own windows lost in their own thoughts, and Dvorak imagined that each of them dreaded reaching their destination for their own reasons.
Antony Stark was loud, obnoxious, and downright disobedient!
“What?” he groused through tight lips as they moved to the steps, Jan’s skirts swirling about his legs as she turned.
Bucky immediately released her wrists, his hands coming up to rub her back and cradle her neck, and Natacha blinked away a fresh surge of hot tears. He cared about her too much, that insidious voice inside whispered, practical as it pleased. If she wanted to, she could easily be free of him now. He'd armed her with a knife but he still held her close to his heart as if he hadn't. Maybe that’s why she didn’t want him to let go of her.
“Can you give it a try David?” Tony prompted, without much hope. His pupils changed by the lesson as families either emigrated officially or left without word, but David and his sister Aleksy were two longstanding participants. Tony had never managed to get David to voluntarily speak in front of the class. True to form the boy hunched his shoulders, cheeks reddening and generally looking as if he’d like to sink into the floor.
“Frau Hogan says father stood up to an entire army and got shot. Was he really that brave?” he asked, voice tiny and muffled what with his fingers back in his mouth.
Tony bit his tongue and forced the words to stop. He couldn’t look at Stefen (not after that) so he focused on his work instead, only he couldn’t really see any of the numbers anymore and there was a sharp pain in his mouth (like maybe he’d bit down too hard) but he could barely feel that either, over the more demanding pains in his chest.
No more. The thought came sudden and strong. No more. He could still hear the strains of Bucky’s violin if he concentrated hard enough, feel the parchment he used to sketch on scrape under his fingertips, smell the coffee and sweet scent of baked bread on the air.
Bucky waited for a response but when Steve offered him none his eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed in anger.
It would hurt too deeply, he realized, to hear Stefen hum and haw and step over the question; or worse to hear him say that those boys had been justified in their actions. That such brutality could be excused when it came to the Jews.
Steve woke suddenly, his jaw throbbing deeply with sharp pain.
“We’ve got to try.” Cameron sounded almost apologetic as he broke the silence. “Wouldn’t you if it was your family?”
“Good, we need you at your best.” Khalmmer replied, smiling again. One of the real ones. He sat down in on the sofa and cradled his own drink. Watching Steve with a curious expression.
Right. Tony laid a hand on Clint's shoulder and squeezed, eyes widening in surprise when the boy turned quickly and stepped into his arms, wrapping him up in a furious hug despite his bony arms.
When Tony and Péter arrived at the news office, the secretary was skeptical about letting them in on the grounds of a spontaneous school lesson, but once Péter made noise about his budding enthusiasm for journalism and Tony hinted at a sizeable donation from the captain, they were let inside with astonishing swiftness. The chief editor, who introduced himself as Herr Soren Bischoff, came out himself to give them the tour, and it wasn't even half boring. Péter was perfectly enthralled with the busy news room, and they were both excited by the printing press and eager to see the inner workings of the dark room.
Steve nodded slowly.
It took a moment but Tony nodded, and though his gaze was still slightly glazed there was steel behind it.
Down in the street the crowed had grown in size to become a massive breathing thing, the shouting so loud he could almost discern every breath. Steve took a breath, eyes darting over the crowd.
The children’s birthdays were generally lumped close together. Tony was good enough at maths to pick up the distinct patterns to their births. He’d make a solid bet with anyone, that their conceptions had corelated quite faithfully with their father’s leave rotation; but he kept his speculations on Stefen and Margrit Rogers enthusiastic reunions to himself, doubting very much that their children would find it as amusing as he did.
“Are you having an affair with Stark?” Charlotte snapped, curling her hands tightly into fists and hiding them in her lap as she turned to stare at him. She refused to hide from it. She was not a fool and she would not be played like one.
His eyes met Tony’s in the dark just as Natacha’s frightened voice came from his left, asking what they were going to do. She was grabbing his sleeve and he let go of Sara’s shoulders to grasp her hand and in as calm a voice as he could manage answered, “It’s all right, I’ve got a plan. You have to trust me; do you trust me?”
~*~*~
“James, did you want another roll?”
Clinton mostly ignored Tony in favor of climbing on top of his work table to poke and prod at the generator that Tony had spent the night disassembling for parts in his engine – currently the world’s fastest motor powered boat required four engines to reach a max speed of two hundred kilometers per hour, his
“What did you do?” She finally asked, creeping an inch or two closer. Steve clenched his fists, but by some miracle he held still this time.
"I'm hungry." Artur announced upon reaching camp with a halfhearted pout. The expression was wholly unconvincing considering his kingly perch upon his father's wide shoulders and the smile that wouldn't leave his eyes.
“He hasn't come down yet.”
But it left the question of why, and yesterday Tony might even have dared to say it was to keep them out of the Reich’s hands but today… well he’d invited them to tea, so what the hell did Tony know.
Tony clenched his shaking hands in his lap and aborted a sigh. It was beginning to feel that he’d done nothing at all for hours but shake his head and sigh. The sting of his uselessness kept biting him, and the guilt of his fraudulence sat souring in his gut. Look at him, sitting there on a lush cousin, while the Klein’s and god only knew how many others had their lives ripped out from under them. Why did he deserve to be spared and not Joshua? Tony was the child of a convert too. He might have been born in an Austrian territory but it wasn’t their
Péter promised to do that, but first he had to find the twins. He might never get another chance like today.
“Why do you ask, Cap? Are you considering being undone?”
be a right reason.
"If you wouldn't mind, Herr Stark," Hammer asked tilting his chin up as if the answer really didn't matter. Tony supposed it didn't. Not to Hammer at least. Tony slipped his hands into his pockets, curling his fingers into a fist and jerked his head in what passed for a nod.
"Virginia."
“Huh,” Bucky huffed quietly turning once more to watch Stark as he worked.
Tony blinked harshly and he pocketed the letter, unable to focus on it and do... all of
“Has Natacha ever been to the ballet?”
It was Tony’s great shame, knowing that even if he was horribly wrong in all his hopes, that his own feelings would not change even if that came to be. He would go to his grave hating the Nazis and all that they stood for, but he’d never be able to forget Stefen or deny what he’d felt. This man he’d seen in all his barest… he simply could not turn his heart away from. So that even though he might be betrayed by it, even though it might be his very undoing, he still wished he could say the words that had driven his mother to his father’s side. The confession of Ruth.
Peter dug his fingers into his arm and twisted the sleeve of his shirt as he forced the words out, a tired admittance. It would be amazing to go to that school. He had wanted to. But that was selfish. He knew it was.
Nobody but her.
father is."
Somehow it was easier to breathe knowing this. The sun shone a little brighter. There were a million and one things to be done but suddenly all Steve wanted was for Stark to be there with the children, to take them on a walk through the square so they could bask in the same sun he was.
No! Steve’s heart sank with despair as her words sank in, a swell of desperation rising in response as he began to shake his head, push at the fertilizer covering his legs. No! Steve had to get on that train! He had to get to his family.
"You know what they say. The clothes make the man" the spry young woman replied with a wink. And then her expression sobered and she leaned closer. "We've got three volunteers along with James. It's not enough to spring the kids by force."
As far as operations went the plan was shit. Simple, but shit. Bucky and Harrison were just two unlucky yokels whose rust bucket happened to choose this day to spill her guts and block the road. When Stark’s escort arrived, they’d be forced to stop and take a look. Stark the interfering bastard would offer to help, and as soon as he was out of the way they’d open fire on the unsuspecting officers. It was a simple plan, but there was still room for things to go wrong.
“You should strip too Stark,” he said without turning to see Tony’s reaction. He purposefully made the suggestion as impersonal as he could, almost the tone of one stranger advising another. “If you catch chill there’s no doctor.”
Broadcast date September 25
That was the trouble really. Steve wanted to see Tony boneless and dazed with pleasure and not just the once, but always. Tony should always be so happy. Then he wouldn’t talk about cages and spying on the Nazis when there was no reason at all for him to put himself in danger. He would go with the children to Switzerland and wait for Steve, until either they’d successfully assassinated Hitler or Britain invaded. Whichever came first.
“Yes. Morning exercise.”
Stefen took the little box from him gingerly, the paper crinkling as the gift exchanged hands and Tony waited, more nervous than he’d expected to be as Stefen began to unwrap the gift, eyebrows raised in curiosity.
While Stefen went to handle whatever his business was, Tony headed immediately for the bookshelf in the corner where books and magazines were for sale, searching carefully through their titles and covers but not finding another copy of the one in the window.
Maybe it was because Peter didn’t have to go because he had to pack to leave for school in the morning. Ian could understand that. James wasn't the only one that was going to miss Peter. Still he didn't throw a tantrum whenever he felt like it was too much, Ian thought savagely as another book went airborne. Even Sara didn’t act out like this and she was only three.
No. He was not all right! In a matter of minutes he would have to strangle his only brother in front of his babies. Stefen couldn’t have. But he had! Bucky
Tony’s back tensed with unease.
~*~*~
“Ah, Jeg vil gjerne presentere Kaptein Rogers, for dere, deres hoyhet.” one of the ancient attendants standing behind the prince’s chair shook to life in order to announce them. “Captain Rogers. His royal highness Prince-”
Stefen snorted and went on.
Every intrepid note that Stefen plucked brought smiles to the faces of his audience and enthusiastic claps started up as Bucky joined in with his violin to make the notes soar. Harold grabbed Pepper by the hand and the two began to dance a very wobbly version of the Ländler. The chauffer had too much beer in his system to be anything approaching smooth, but their happy smiles and gay laughter inspired a few others to join in. It was obvious to the ear that Stefen was out of practice, but just as Bucky had predicted nobody seemed to mind it one bit.
"It will be alright." Stefen repeated, a stroke of the intimate coloring each word and Tony could feel his eyes imploring Tony to look up. When he did, he found Stefen looking back at him. Solid. Sure. Beautiful.
"Bit late for coffee," he remarked and Tony pretended shock.
Tony and the others shared a wary look. Leshnerr shrugged lightly under the blanket he had wrapped over his shoulders. Tony agreed with the wordless sentiment. If they were going to be surrounded by Gestapo there wasn't much they could do about it now.
"Not a bad suggestion but I don't have time to build an aircraft. Besides they watch the airspace."
“It’s dangerous.”
"Charlotte, blame me. I deserve it. But please, stay and see this through. For the children's sake -" Charlotte interrupted his plea to laugh, the humorless sound burbling out of her throat like a fountain. "For the children's sake I hope you'll see reason and send them to their grandparents now. They deserve better than to suffer for your selfishness."
“I have to go.” His lips were moving on their own and his feet too. Toward the door.
Tony watched the officer move about carefully, moving as slowly toward the table in the corner as he could without drawing attention to the fact.
Tony let his shoulders sag and his head droop.
With their visitors forgotten in the drama and sitting up with Péter and his brothers to do further damage control, it wasn’t until morning that Tony thought of their visitors again.
“What happened?” Bucky asked, eyes roving over her, noticing how she was now clutching one side as if it pained her. “You’re hurt.”
Now what was he? Bucky would always be Rom, but what was a rom without his people? It was cruel, but Stefen’s illness had brought back an old dynamic that Bucky had not felt for decades. Not since they’d been skinny boys, traveling alone across frozen Galicia to answer the call for more soldiers. Not since they’d been soldiers, leaning on each other for warmth in the colorless mountains. Stevie had needed him again for a small stretch of time. It was a horrible thing to admit even to himself but damn it. It had felt good.
Stefen wrapped an arm around her waist and kissed the side of her brow, and even though it was perfunctory she smiled. Feelings would come in their own time. It was that way with men sometimes.
Steve jumped, shock ripping through him. Natacha backed away from the chair with wide eyes, the hand he’d slapped away still hovering in the air.
“I'm not certain. Until other arrangements can be made.”
She was very good at keeping her thoughts to herself so no one noticed how bad she felt, not even Péter.
"Tony!" a familiar voice called from Tony's left. It was followed by a sharp whistle and Tony turned his head, finally catching sight of Clinton. He’d climbed on top of a wooden crate for a better view and was waving vigorously with one hand to catch Tony's attention.  Bucky was standing beside him, looking jumpy. He made something like an apologetic grimace at the passerby who had turned to look and yanked Clint down from the crate.
Anyone who thought that Niklas Farkas was just an ordinary monk concerned with charity and prayers obviously had never met the fellow.  He was a Hungarian born on the wrong side of African heritage and no wealth to make up for either his ethnic or economical short comings. He had made his way from the farmers fields to the battlefields as a young man and from there, inexplicably into the church.  It had never been a friendly world for people of his sort and it had been downright hostile since the end of the Great War, yet there he stood in the center of one of the oldest churches in the once great Austro-Hungarian Empire still playing the game of kings from the shadows. Antony had heard his father once tell a colleague that Nik had the ear of God and the perfume of monarchs lingering in his pews.
Stefen fell back into a delirious sleep and Tony continued to wipe away the sweat that had collected on his brow. The methodical motion was soothing as his brain hummed once more along a familiar track of thought, searching for a solution - because he refused, simply refused to accept that things would end this way. Stefen would not have survived a war and countless years of hardship, just to die in his bed from fever.
But, not only was he coming, the captain was dressed more casually than Tony had ever seen him in plain trousers and a white shirt and a pair of sturdy hiking boots.
“I’ve done my job real well.” Bucky was saying. “That’s why we’re having pie tonight.’”
“Did you need straightening?” Stefen asked, something sympathetic in his eyes, and Tony couldn’t help but laugh, because Stefen’s sympathies were all misplaced.
“Stefen took ill and I saw him through it, the way we should have for Margrit.”
“H-how...?” Tony asked, looking to Nonna who smiled tearfully at him, but it was Nonno who explained, an arm wrapped around her shoulder.
It was a window into another world for Tony, but for Péter it had to mean so much more. Tony laid a hand on his back and Péter sniffed wetly, wiping his arm across his eyes and smiled up at him.
The braver of the two meekly replied, "I’m Frauline Herchen, Captain." She paled, seeming to realize her mistake and rushed to amend, "Beg Pardon, Major.  Major Rogers."
“Emil is calling after you!”
Steve swam in a sea of haze and nausea, but he knew that voice.
The words poured from him before he had a chance to push them back in, slot them back into the folds of himself where they belonged. He wanted to choke them back but what would be the point? It was just a fact. It shouldn’t be so terrifying.
" A dark voice growled behind them and Péter jumped. He hadn't heard Pietro walk up to them, but he was towering over them now, his hands crossed across his chest, looking as if he was considering shoving Péter into the water and trying to strangle him.
“I’m not sure,” he finally mumbled, dropping his eyes into his cup of chocolate. “Everything really looks the same up here and usually I’m with da. We were following the road up, but I lost it.”
He needed to get the children somewhere truly safe and out of the reach of the Reich. Switzerland was close. Anticipate. But it was too close, and they’d be penniless refuges relying on the mercy of strangers. The children had family there, but Stefen seemed adamant that their relations were strained and even if they could be convinced to take the children in that it wouldn’t be in their best interest. They certainly wouldn’t agree to keep Tony on. He didn’t care so much about finding his own way; but the thought of leaving the children in the hands of cold relations who wouldn’t give them time or the affection they’d so desperately need after everything losing their parents... It was as abhorrent to him as abandoning them altogether.
Fifteen years later and Rogers would be sitting across from Dvořák suggesting they murder their Supreme Leader; and through his shock all Dvořák could think was, of course it would be you.
“If there’s one thing the French know it’s food.  This is ten times better than the gruel they’re serving up on the Homefront. I was there with the Women’s Auxiliary until I was recruited by Special Operations under SIS.” She reminisced, reaching with one hand to tuck a spring of hair that had completely fallen loose from its roll behind her ear. There was something hyper feminine about it, enchantingly so given the juxtaposition of their surroundings.
Just like that, Tony thought, hope had died. How awful that must have been. He could well imagine how Stefen must have felt. How close he might have come to taking the future in his own hands and doing what he must know needed to be done.
He buttoned up his slacks and knelt down to search for his socks grunting, “Rebellion is an art form Stefen. You don’t actually have to do a single thing you don’t want to, so long as you make it sound as if you did.”
Charlotte beamed at him. He couldn’t blame her. Who wouldn’t be beside themselves being invited to dine at the prince’s table. Steve wasn’t all that fond of talking about the way, especially at the demand of curious noblemen who knew much of sending troops and little of battle, but he couldn’t risk offending the man.
“My apologies Herr Stark, but the Captain returned from his travels later than expected and the house is behind schedule.”
“Your children need you,” he chastised himself.
Tony felt a little sick, anxious at the sight. He could only hope whatever words the captain was trading with his son wouldn’t have negative repercussions.
Only a few of them looked up with any curiosity at the visitors who had entered the camp, even though Tony's scarlet robes stood out among the grey in the center of the yard like a beacon. He forced his eyes away from the faces of the prisoners and back to the warden.
God, but he could see it. A life where he was there present with his family, where his children did not always have to wonder where he was and whether or not he would return to them. Where he wasn’t in the Wehrmacht, wasn’t a soldier, didn’t have to sacrifice so much for others and could focus on the things that made him happy for once.
Tony’s face cracked in a jubilant grin, his heart pounding as relief rushed through him in a dizzying swell, before he remembered to scrabble for the pen and pad he’d kept ready in wait and scribbled down everything he’d just heard.  The broadcast was short and to the point, repeated once and then cut out.
“We can’t go to a ball.”
“What book?” Bakhuizen immediately countered, his face giving no indication of whether he believed Tony or not.
Tony had learned to expect rebuke from Abbot Farkas, but all he saw in Bruce's eyes was worried concern and a deeply buried fear that Tony could commiserate all too well with.
“It’s Major now.”
“They’re in the music room Captain.”
“Charlotte and I are getting to know each other,” he tried to explain, to himself as much as Jan. “There’s a lot for both of us to consider. I have children, and if I’m to bring someone into their lives, well it’s important to me that I find the right partner.”
"James." Stefen rebuked and the reprimand from his father was enough to have the boy snapping his mouth shut, allowing Ian to rub the towel over him. Tony hid a snigger at the dark glower he cast in Ian’s direction. After a moment he pushed his older brother away with a whine and Ian rolled his eyes.
There was roaring in his ears, outside his own body, and thrashing off to his side. Something blunt struck him repeatedly against the side, sending sharp pains through his bones. Whatever was in the pen with him was angry and hit hard. Whatever, and not whoever, because even in the din of his clouded mind Steve picked up on the sound of angry bleating. Animal. Not man.
“I have a condition.”
“Real puppets. The finest in Austria. Better even than the theater.” Tony promised.
“Well what would you have me do Tony, pull them from the HJ? They’d take them from me!” Stefen snapped, jerking away from Tony to pace with his hands fisted in frustration. The sudden loss of his touch stung but Tony ignored it as best he could.
The boy leaning against the brick façade of the hotel exterior jutted one blunt nailed hand in front of Stefen, baring his entry into the bar. It was a strategy Steve recognized from his own days of begging, which forced the person to either nock you aside or dig in their pockets for some coin to give you. Stefen had suffered many bruised wrists in his day, but for every bastard willing to smack some young boys hand out of his way there was some soft-hearted woman to chastise him.
“The boys were sweaty.” She said by way of explanation and Péter nodded. Knowing their cook Willamina, she would have taken one look at the haggard state of them and starting putting together enough comfort food to feed an army.
And yet she was reduced to the role of invisible partner speaking through her husband, her many contributions to his work left unacknowledged.
"I have to admit." Dr. Leshnerr panted somewhere above him. "This is a better outfitted rescue than I’d imagined."
“You’re late Herr Coulson.” Steve remarked and though his expression didn’t change Steve thought there was a thread of amusement in Coulson’s tone as he replied.
“You have till the end of February.”
At night with the sounds of the city at his back he would go over the letters, imagining Stark and the children as he’d described them, and for the first time in years he wished he’d had a sketch book.That night like many others he fell asleep to the sound of Stark’s voice in his head, describing his attempt to teach Sara her letters and declaring the child stubborn in the way of all Rogers.
But he didn’t know otherwise either, and Tony did know Bucky wouldn’t leave Stefen in the hands of the Nazi’s a second longer than he had to. He wouldn’t leave it to chance or the last minute, yet here they were.
Per the captain’s instructions, each morning after breakfast he met the children in the school room where he was to spend several hours brushing off last terms lessons, patching any holes, and preparing them in an advance for fall term. Their summer lessons were light in that regard (mostly review).
There was a pregnant pause, in which Natacha sat silently seething, until beside her Péter took a slow breath and hesitantly spoke.
“You’d think that man had violins for hands,” he muttered to himself. “It’s a wonder he didn’t take to the stage himself.”
He tried to be quiet as not to disturb her but when his foot left the last stair she looked up. When she saw him standing there at the bottom of the stair her wrinkled face spread into a smile. She lowered her hands to her lap, and Tony saw that it was a little photograph that she held between her palms. It looked wrinkled and bent around the edges, as if it had known frequent use.
An espresso machine? Tony gaped after them, well and utterly speechless for once. It must be some sort of mistake. Stefen would not have spent so much money on something so nonsensical as an espresso machine, from Italy, no matter how often Tony complained about the superiority or his longing for proper cappuccino. Maybe he had meant to order Tony some expensive beans and the shop had gotten it wrong? Tony mused as he tore open Stefen’s letter.
She yelped and then glared at James mouthing ‘don’t kick me unless you want to be kicked back!’
“He’s alright Stefen,” Tony murmured from the other side of the bed. He was curled up behind Maria who in turn was clutching Artur close in her sleep, her dark hair tangled over her face.
“You knew our mother?”
Rogers had calmly told him of the border conditions, the starvation and humiliation those who had immigrated suffered.
"No. I just realized what day it is." Tony quickly reassured when Ian looked around alarmed. "February eighth."
From the moment he’d learned what happened and heard where father had gone he’d wanted to follow, but he’d stayed at Tony’s insistence. Or rather, Father’s insistence, because after Tony finished imparting the captain’s message Uncle Bucky had cursed and gone running back to his room.
“Oh, I like her.”
In the din it was hard to discern whether there were more wails or cheers, but it hardly mattered. Schmidt would make sure the papers only remembered it one way.
James flinched, his small slightly round face clouding with shame that quickly gave way to temper. Thankfully Pepper intervened, clapping her hands together lightly and gesturing rapidly for the children to gather their things.
Steve struggled to get the words out,
He knew who Stefen was, the realization dawned as the captain straightened once more. The anger and the anguish that had simmered under his skin only moments before buried under ice, as he turned toward Tony once more with militant professionalism.
Butler most grand tilted his chin, if possible even further up, a smile playing across his lips. "Yes.... if you go around back you can’t miss it." Herr Hammer turned and without giving Tony a chance to reply closed the door. Huffing Tony picked up his bag and made his way around the side of the house, hoping that the door to the kitchens would prove as easily findable as Hammer had indicated. He was undisturbed as he made his way, though he encountered a pair of gardeners who gave him wondering looks the longest and most assessing of which came from a dark skinned fellow in a mud stained pair of trousers.
He wished that for one moment, it wouldn’t feel like the ground was tilting beneath him and that he wasn’t in a constant state of reaction. Fleeing from danger on all sides like a frightened mouse was beginning to grate. Maybe Stefen had a point. It was time to stop running.
And there it was, that sparkle of delight young girls got when she was having the time of her life in the arms of a beau. And why not?  Tony was not as young as he used to be, but he was still considered a good catch.  He could get married too! For all that anyone would care.
“I figure it’s just as dangerous not to Tony,” the boy replied with an easy shrug. “I can take care of myself. I ain never been seen by nobody I didn’t want to see me. Cept that girl of yours. How is she?”
He wasn't sure if that was a hundred percent true, if the country he had loved and bled for was still unchanged in its heart, but he still hoped. What else was there to do?
James, for once, was completely still at Ian’s shoulder, waiting for Ian to be given the command. Even Artur was standing perfectly at attention.
“My mother told me I’d understand one day,” Tony acknowledged with a sad smile. “But that took twenty years of grief and loss that could have been avoided if my father had just a little less pride. The only thing that makes it slightly bearable is knowing that they didn’t choose it. But what you’re doing right now Stefen is a choice.”
Damn.
Tony must have felt Steve’s eyes on him because he turned his head slightly, but his gaze slid past Steve so easily that if Steve didn’t know him better he’d have been tempted to think Tony hadn’t noticed him at all.
"Tu devi prenderti cura di noi," she whispered. It was easier to speak in Italian. Tony was teaching them all, but she was the best at it and that made him proud of her. It made her feel braver, just speaking words that the people around her couldn't understand unless she wanted them to.
“Yes, Sir.”
But that’s what happened wasn’t it, one minute they were seven and you were their hero and the next…
Steve’s stomach lurched just as a man grabbed hold of his shirt, ripping the collar. Steve was on him in a flash, spinning to shove the stranger back against with the wall, hearing his head crack against the stone. He let the man drop before he turned and took off running once more.
Dear Tony,
If he married Charlotte, a little voice reasoned, they’d have a mother and the protection of her name. They could go with her to the family estate in Switzerland and wait out the war.
boy in oversized army dregs could not have been over the age of fourteen, regardless of what he’d told the recruiters when he’d enlisted. Illness aside if he had looked like a child, Tony had no doubt it was because he had been one. The thought filled him with a sadness, for the nameless boys who had filled the ranks of Austria’s army with no less passion or fervor, whose lives had been expended in war bitterly lost, for boys too young to comprehend the gift of their childhood.
He unfolded his napkin and looked out at the children. He was startled to still find eyes on him. It had been so long since he'd seen another face at the opposite end of the table.
She'd answered, her little mouth shaping around a severe scold.
“Germany will move to take control of Gibraltar and it is just a matter of time, Tony, before Italy enters the war. If they haven’t come this way yet, I fear they never will.” Steve admitted through clenched teeth. “We need to find another way.” They had to get out before they were surrounded on all sides. The smell of rot was so sharp in his nose Steve had to resist the urge to claw at it. How could Tony not smell that?
“Will they come here? Stefen, the men who did this-”
Yes, they could all use a bit more fun around here.
He shifted Sara gently and scooped up Maria who was grasping his knees, sandwiched between her siblings. She was trembling, dirt stained tracks running down her face.
The residential side wasn’t much better, aside from the mob not being as thick here. Most of the Jews had been evicted from this area and forced to move elsewhere already, but the homes of the few who remained were under siege.  Furniture pulled out of houses dressed the sidewalks and here and there were prone bodies. Not many but enough.
"Oh goodness no. That's so like James isn't it? Not to give warning that we were coming." Jann said in a fluttery way, releasing her hair from the scarf she wore and shaking out the black tresses before turning to help the children with their knapsacks.
Peggy was leaning over him, a blanket in her arms. He must have… but as he slowly regained consciousness Steve’s thoughts stuttered and went blank. Not for the first time, the warmth of the phantom lingered despite all rationale. He could feel her body lying next to his, her warmth seeping into his skin.  Steve squeezed his closed eyes, willing the phantom feelings away. He couldn’t bear to see her right now. Couldn’t look her in the eye when he was… broken. So broke- it was just a dream! It always was. He couldn’t dwell on ghostly visions or the new mad ravings his mind had cooked up. He had to get up and keep going!
“You’ve done more than enough for the children. Indeed, how could I ask more from you."
He slammed into something and slid to his knees, catching himself part of the way down on
"I imagine you're right." She sighed, looking away after a long moment with a grimace of discomfort. "Still, I wish it wouldn't come to that."
Tony had gotten hurt. It made something in Natacha's stomach twist unpleasantly every time she looked at those bruises on his face and neck, and it just made that anger inside her burn hotter.
“It’s just that they’re all so sad. Someone should give
“We’re leaving,” he snapped scooping Sara up. The child clung to him tightly, pressing her face close to his chest. Tony began to march away, resolutely turning his back on the ugly scene, on eyes so much like Yinsen’s beseeching him.
But was it worth it? Hadn’t Stefen made that choice already? Hadn’t they all watched him tear the Nazi flag in two and leave the pieces to fall where they may?
of thousands, had fled to the U.K. for safety when Hitler rose to power and many more since the war started. Now they were all to be imprisoned indefinitely? Tony did not fool himself into thinking for a moment that the same governors who regarded them with universal suspicion would be fair or speedy with their judgments.
"Is it because of what Natacha said?" Ian asked next, casting an anxious look in her direction but when she made no motions to stop him, he went on. "The Germans don't like you because you don't listen. They know you won't do the bad things they're doing?"
“Come on. Do you want to die?” Magda urged him, hurrying back with the torch. He considered it as she began stripping poor Franz from his jacket. Did he want to die?
Steve forced the breathes to keep coming – in out – emptying his head of anything that wasn’t related to keeping the house safe. He couldn’t focus on the simmering anger he could feel coming from Tony. There wasn’t room.
“What are you saying?” Bucky asked, sounding like he’d only understood about half of the words coming out of Tony’s mouth, and Tony growled in frustration.
“I didn't do it!” He rushed to explain, managing to sit up fully.
“That’s not fair,” James pouted looking crestfallen. The boy never wanted to be left behind. “How come she didn’t teach me?”
“What?” Charlotte asked peering at him in confusion. Bucky blinked at her, her face swimming before him a little. “You said something, only I didn’t quite hear.”
Steve attempted to guess where they were going but after a time he gave up when he realized that the driver was taking unnecessary turns, likely to prevent their being followed.
, he thought he heard Bucky say, and Steve felt the sensation of water trickling cool down his throat and he began to cough, his throat convulsing as he tried desperately to swallow.
She could no longer depend solely on her father’s protection. She had to protect herself. She could do it. She knew she could. If they tried to hurt her or her family, she wouldn’t hesitate. She’d be glad.
He dragged the sled free and wiped a bead of sweat from his brow, glancing back up the side of the mountain. He wasn’t as good with math as Péter so he couldn’t tell how many feet he’d managed to slide down but he was surprised at how much distance he’d managed to cover in such a short amount of time. It would have taken him hours to manage the same on the winding road. He trotted back to the edge of the ledge, his belly squirming when he realized how close he’d truly come to sliding off of it. It had been very close, very very close, and Ian’s legs began to shake so badly he couldn’t quite reach the edge. He stood there, frozen and shaking, unable to stomach the thought of moving let alone getting back on the sled.
Gibberish? Tony thought, before cold realization sunk in.  He’d been praying. Praying out loud in Hebrew where anyone could hear, in the middle of a Nazi prison camp.
And Tony had known then, that whatever was going on was bigger than he could possibly imagine. There was life and death hanging in the balance and any little change in the wind could mean something unimaginable.
The captain was not always the most attentive of beaus, but lately he’d shown a certain earnestness towards her that Charlotte had come to enjoy. It’s noticeable absence that evening was irksome.
He’d entrusted Steve with a drawn map of the castle, detailed with a secret way out that supposedly only himself, the king and his brother were aware of. Steve had memorized it, drawing it over and over again until he could draw it in his sleep. He'd burned everything, not wanting to risk it or Thor’s family if something should happen to him before he needed to use the map. A good thing in retrospect. But if Jann was mentioning it now, then Thor must have reached out to the network. Things must look grim for the future if he was asking Steve if he still remembered his promise.
Beside him another prisoner shifted, letting out an inhuman keen, weak and hollow. Steve wasn't sure of her name, she’d been brought into the research ward only a few days ago. They’d been testing her with some sort of a vaccine. The pale winter light shifted over the incisions on the women's arms and legs, making the puss that had collected in the raised bumps glisten sickeningly.
Of course it was better to avoid loud sounds and sudden shouts for the obvious reasons, but sometimes those didn't bother him at all while all it took was a word or a certain smell and he'd be back on the battlefield, smoke in his eyes and canons bursting in his ears.
She was wrong. Péter was clever alright, but not like him. He was clever like
Steve imagined that more than anything else. He had to get to the cabin. He plotted and planned and obsessed over it, but his thoughts never managed to get past opening the door. He wouldn't be able to stand it if Tony and the children weren’t there. He wouldn't be able to stand it if they were. He wasn’t a whole man anymore. Just pieces. But he’d drag himself there and hope. Maybe once he did, maybe he’d figure out a way to put himself back together again.
For better or for worse he’d taken them out of hiding.  It didn’t surprise Tony one bit when Stefen, after a long moment of consideration and a telling glance at Bakhuizen, slowly nodded in agreement.
Even from Tony's vantage point he could see the small smile playing at the captain's mouth as he spoke to his longtime friend. It wasn’t the first one Tony had caught but it was still strange seeing the man smile.
"Is it that obvious?"
The boy was chattering a mile a minute as Bakhuizen stooped to pick him up, even though he was getting a bit big for it.
Sudden fear seized Natacha’s insides like a cold hand, squeezing at her heart, and she dashed after him, certain that she couldn't let him leave and without a clue how to make him stay.
“Because he needs someone to transport it, and if we’re caught, we’ll bring down whoever is close enough to the Führer to get their hands on this. Isn’t that right?” He looked hard at Agent Coulson, who looked strangely pleased by his candor and nodded his head slightly in agreement.
On the subject of sex… It is true, however, that a clever woman who can use her personal attractions wisely has in her armory a very formidable weapon. Closely allied to Sex in a woman is the quality of sympathy, and nothing is easier for a woman than to gain a man's confidence by the showing and expression of a little sympathy. This cannot be done by an undersexed woman.
Finally Herr Stark seemed to sober, his damnable expressive eyes losing their mirth and going cold.
Stefen wasn’t a bad helping hand in a kitchen. He could peel a potato faster than he could spit and Tony remembered fondly what he’d told him about helping the women with their work. He was certainly more help than Bucky, who was happily dipping into the mulled wine. It should surprise no one that Tony was practically useless in a kitchen, but Stefen harbored an unfortunate delusion that he could improve with effort.
“I see.” Tony nodded, and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief but it was too soon. “Then we have to find a way of getting around Schmidt because Péter’s not safe here. He’s too much like you.”
Bakhuizen glanced meaningfully at Tony.
.”  As Stefen spoke Tony’s eyes flew back to the beautiful woman in the picture he held. His mother. Sara’s namesake. Not old by anyone’s standards but weathered by years of hardship and labor. And yet the kindness in her eyes defied it all.
For once his mind was numb. All he could think was
It was a little figurine of a deer. A doe. Fragile but each detail carved to perfection. A beautiful gift.
“Stark!” he called again, when he’d reach the closed door. He paused only to confirm the muffled sound of an engines roar behind it, before he hammered his fist against the metal, calling, “Tony!”
Peggy’s mother had always found the idea of swimming common and upon learning that her daughter had taken it up, had declared it only more proof that Margrit had married beneath herself and bred a gaggle of ‘common little tramps’.
Rather than pout or protest as Tony half expected Artur nodded and fell against him. Tony jerked as Artur’s arms wrapped around him and squeezed.
“Thank you.” He replied after a moment, clearing his throat from the lump that had gathered there. “Tonight, I’ll take you through what to do to ease his breathing. I’ll head out at first light tomorrow.”
“You can’t protect me from the truth!” Péter yelled, his voice echoing within the stone walls of the workshop and they both winced. Lowering his voice slightly Péter thrust a finger in the direction of the boat and continued. “It doesn’t matter whether or not you tell me what that’s for, it’s here! He put us in jeopardy the minute he decided to fight them. I’m not scared and I’m not mad. I’m glad he’s fighting them.”
“Stefen?” Tony sounded slightly panicked now. “Stefen, you need to tell me why you’re crying, what hurts?” Tony felt along his chest, feeling the vibrations of Steve’s rattling lungs. God, everything hurt. But he pushed through it, drew in enough breath to push out Tony's name again.
The sound of an approaching motor drew his attention as a jeep carrying Gestapo slowly approached the building. Steve stiffened, hand steady on his rifle. But the Gestapo just crawled past, eyes combing the streets, never once looking up at where Steve was perched in the window.
There were men in white coats everywhere, presumably tending to the men who filled the beds, taking notes on their clipboards under the heavy lights. The mechanical hum of machinery was loud, even under the groans and moans of the patients who filled the ward.
"Satisfied?" He couldn't help grumbling and Natacha nodded primly, the ghost of a smile tugging at her lips.
Hammer gasped like a dying fish and the air crackled between Tony and Rogers like a sky full of fireworks. The Captain looked as if he wished to throttle him and Tony’s pulse leapt, though he wasn’t sure it was all for appropriate reasons. He had a nasty habit of poking sleeping giants (Farkas always said so) and never seemed to learn his lesson.
"That could work," Bucky admitted with a soft grunt finally, his eyes flickering over Tony with the briefest sort of mercurial surprise, before he looked over to Stefen "It's mental, but it could actually work.  We could contact Lang. He's got a truck we can use to haul the boat. We park the boat at the rendezvous point. I go in on the day, pretending to be Rossi. Our guy on the inside keeps his end of the deal and causes a crisis. In the middle of the mess nobody's going to want to sort out how many fat friars they were supposed to release."
some empty-headed creature he could distract with passionate kisses and meaningless trinkets, and when that failed he could simply bark into submission?
“I meant no offense to you Major Rogers.”
Bucky stilled for just a slight moment, long enough for regret to bundle in Tony's chest. He knew how the Roma felt about gadje, and that their language was sacred; but it was that same sacredness that made it feel right. Bucky was walking away from the people he loved, not knowing if it would be for the last time.
“She told me I sounded very English, and that I would fit right in at home.” Charlotte chuckled sadly. “In a way, I’m glad for all the upset. She’s so stubborn I don’t know that I could have held up against her much longer.”
”… due to the fact that they sometimes commit serious crimes because of their innate nature and methods of organization and due to the possibility that among them there are elements capable of carrying out anti-national activities, it is indispensable that all Gypsies are controlled … It is ordered that those of Italian nationality, either confirmed or presumed, who are still in circulation are to be rounded up as quickly as possible and concentrated under vigorous surveillance in a suitable locality in every province … apart from the more dangerous or suspicious elements who are to be sent to the islands or regions…”
"Tony," Stefen said his name again, even gentler and reached slowly for his hands. This time Tony didn't make any move to stop him.
Péter looked shaken just the same and Tony released his death grip. He cupped Péter’s cheek with one hand, absurdly resentful of the new sharpness he found there. He couldn’t see it, but Péter Rogers was worth a hundred of Tony.
It was good. He was glad. The children would need him.
“You aint special Rogers.” Bucky declared softly. “They know for sure what you’re up to and they’ll kill you, sure as rain. We’ve got to do this right. I know someone who might be able to get a letter out unseen but none of this midnight alleyway shit. The trick is to look like you’ve got nothing to hide. We’re going to spend a few weeks together: parties, drinking, celebrating whatever the hell we can come up with. Tons of people in and out, but it’s alright because you’re just living it up before you’re inevitably shipped off to a post in the S.S, right? There can be no room for doubt, you understand? If you give them reason to doubt they’ll destroy you.”
“He’s not bluffing. Admiral, Mr. Holmes, I have seen what both the metal and the explosive are capable of. A single bomb, the size of a hand grenade, took out an entire wing of the facility. He built that in my home, next to where my children slept and played, because he trusted the metal would hold up to it if it went off.” Tony winced as Stefen barreled on. “If the German’s have that power at their disposal, we aren’t going to win this war. At least not on the water, and you can bet they’ll hit us with the same cocktail from the air. A lot of people are going to die if you don’t listen to him.”
There was a sharp clang from within as something dropped and without preamble, Natacha pushed the door open, shining her torch light on the pair who froze in its beam like a pair of terrified rabbits. They had pilfered a potato sack from somewhere and looked to be in the middle of raiding the pantry. It didn’t take Péter long to put together what they were doing and why.
who’d abducted him. One thing was for sure, once behind the monastery walls and under Niklas Farkas’ watchful eye Obadiah would have had little choice but to let him be. Besides it wasn’t as if Tony could have much say over the company as a monk, controlling interest or not. In that way Obadiah would have won – out of sight, out of mind – and if that was the case, perhaps it was best to stay that way.
“Jesus, Old Friendly? That Dittmar?” Bucky cursed. The old nickname had nothing to do with their old comrades’ personality (which was cocky and abrasive on the best of days) and everything to do with the likelihood that he’d just as soon shoot through a comrade to get to the enemy. Steve nodded. “I might have accepted just for that, but there’s not much choice anyhow. Rumor has it Schmidt protested but the orders for my placement come directly from Himmler himself. Refusing is not an option.”
?” her eyes flashed dangerously at him and Péter hastily corrected her.
To his surprise Natacha shrugged her shoulders, something graceful about the motion but as unaffected as her tone as she replied, "He is only a year or two older than father, and father was not much older than I am when he met my mother."
“What did you think of the family. The Stark’s I mean. What were they like?” he asked.
A flash of red out of the corner of his eye caught Steve’s attention and he swiveled back around toward the bench behind, where James was sitting up with a big yawn, cap in one hand while the other scratched lazily at his scalp. Steve snatched the cap out of his hand and tugged it roughly back on his head, ignoring James’ indignant squeak.
Tony.
For a moment their collective despair seemed to suck the air from the room. If they radioed for help, they would be discovered. Arrested and promptly deported if not held for suspicion of being spies. Luzzato would incriminate the DELASEM and the whole delegation might be taken down.
Artur froze for a millisecond before jumping up like a spring, exclaiming in delirious excitement, “The Christkind! The Christkind is here!”
“Herr Stark. I tutor the children. We’re glad to receive you Frauline.”
But Tony’s tongue was hot against his and his hands warm and familiar where they gripped Steve’s. That familiarity – the certainty that was the feel of Tony’s skin, the taste, and smell of him – sapped Steve’s strength, draining all his urgency and replacing it with dizzying exhaustion. He swayed, nearly tipping over, but Tony caught him and held him up.
“I know Heil, Hitler!” He gave Steve a mocking salute and Steve tried not to snarl.
Péter rolled over on his bed, scowling at his dark empty room which felt almost like a stranger's room. He recognized his things: his books, his clothes, a few of the unfinished inventions he'd started before going off to school - they might as well have belonged to someone else. Some other Péter who hadn't jumped from the back of a moving train and been shot at. Who hadn't seen people rounded up into a barn and burned. Some kid whose biggest worry was whether or not his father paid enough attention to him.
Steve grunted.
"I'm considering that I can do a damn lot more good from Starkhafen than Switzerland.”
“How about we pick a few small books and toys that you might enjoy sharing with him and keep the rest here for when we get back?”
~*~*~*~
"Oh course, Stefen. What can I do? What's all this got to do with me?"
When in doubt head to the pub. He liked them, not just for their drinks but for the anonymity that a fellow could be granted under their four walls and low lights. Anyone who didn’t want trouble just had to agree to the unspoken rule to drink their cups in peace and mind their own business.
Tony frowned, eyes flicking to Maria and back, choosing his words carefully.
He'd forgotten himself and the next thing he'd known he was in front of the drawing room door, hand curling around the knob, foolishly hoping and unable to understand his conflicted emotions. The shock of seeing a man at the piano had stopped his breath.
Tony was a brilliant man and despite his eccentricates (maybe even because of them) he made a fine mentor for the children, especially for Péter who had read more books than Steve even knew they owned before he was Ian's age and had more questions about why things worked the way they did, than any sane man had answers.
He didn’t hear her come into the room, perhaps because he was so focused on his stitches (stitching was not his favorite activity). One of these days he was going to invent a better machine to do it. Husqvarna was great and all but there had to be a way to increase the speed and dexterity of the needle, and some way to keep the fabric in place and turn it about (like a second pair of hands). Wouldn’t that be something? It would have to recognize shapes and lines to be fully functional. Why it would practically have to think for itself…
1.It's true Peggy is often sidelined or reduced to "poor dead girlfriend/wife" in fics, but there was no getting around that the Captain's wife had died. Not only that, our story demanded that she be one of the great loves of his life. Someone whose passing would leave him almost irreversibly devastated. We ship no one with Steve so much as we do Tony, but in a very close second (for me at least, I think Bucky wins out for TFIOT) is Peggy. The Sound of Music does also call for Steve to be courting a Baroness and while we toyed with the idea of having Peggy becoming the Baroness and Sharon stepping into the shoes of late wife, neither of us liked the idea of Peggy getting jilted very much. It just simply didn't work the same way. Peggy was the obvious winner of the dubious honor of being profound in death. *holds* Sorry Peg.
“My friends call me Rogue.” the girl answered him with a slight shrug and Lang snickered, remarking, “She’s got a better code name. I told you Winter is...” Lang tapered off at the murderous glare Bucky shot him and went back to pretending like he was cleaning his weapon.
“Fine.” Steve snapped. It was looking like a fine day if his patience was already this thin. “Just be quick about it.”
James blue eyes widened slightly in surprise at Tony’s words.
The official was a reedy with a thin pointed face. He regarded them with a polite air of interest. He did not stand to introduce himself when they entered and gave off the aura of someone so dreadfully uninspiring it was hard not to start yawning on principle. By contrast admiral Pike had a commanding presence, no more or less than Tony would have expected from a man of his rank. He was tall, broad-shouldered, and despite the gray at his temples he shook hands with a crushing grip, but there was a kind of intelligent light in his gaze that made Tony slightly optimistic that the man wasn’t just brawn.
“Well you were wrong.” She hissed, turning sharply and hurrying down the steps once more. Ingrid and Sophie called goodbyes after her but she did not bother to reply. She was glad to be rid of them.
Wordlessly Bucky swirled the cup and stared at the dregs at the bottom of the cup. When they’d been boys the street women had given them dregs to read, a practice they’d perfected and used to distract themselves from their miserable circumstances over the years. He could see them as they’d been, jostling about in the backs of wagons, predicting the most outrageous futures for each other. They used to predict things like fame, fortune, adventure and six dogs (Steve’s favorite prediction) but for all of that, Steve had never once predicted that he would die of old age. Bucky had, but only once, and that had been in the mountains surrounded by nothing but white and sheets of ice, the both of them so cold they were in danger of their next breath freezing in their lungs.
Péter’s mouth fell open again as he watched Tony shout at the terrifying monk with the one eye, screaming curses at the top of his lungs, heedless of who he woke or the fact that they were supposedly on holy ground. It should have been terrifying, because Tony didn’t lose his head over little things, and it was just proof of how scared he was, but actually it helped him feel more confident – because he believed Tony wouldn’t stop until they had the cure. He wouldn’t let anything get in the way, and neither would Péter.
"It's ingenuous, isn't it?” Tony asked, hoping to distract him as he gingerly plucked the metal can out of the boy’s hand. " I designed it myself. I'm calling it the Stark Safe.  Of course, you can use it to carry any valuables, not just weapons."
“You can come get me Maria! I wouldn’t let anyone hurt you.” Artur told her, puffing out his chest. Turning pleading eyes to Steve he asked, “Can we try now?”
Steve wanted to keep yelling all the reasons why Tony should do more than stick close. He was a target for god’s sake! A Jew. Hadn’t he seen! Had he forgotten already, the blows he’d suffered thanks to men who only suspected?! If anyone knew for sure… if any one of the staff got suspicious - for a wild moment, Steve’s thoughts raced through his staff, then flew to Charlotte’s maid, and then Charlotte herself. Neither had much love for Tony and Charlotte was already curious about him. Steve shuddered.
He’d never appreciated until meeting Captain Rogers how painful it must have been for his mother to live apart from her kin and torn from all the things that had once defined her.
The hosts voice droned on, and the tension in Tony’s body slowly eased. Enough for him to lean back in his chair and take in a deep slow breath. There was no news about Stefen. It would have been first if there was. No news was good news.
"You think you know what's wrong with the captain?" Harold asked taking his eyes off the road only briefly to glance in the rearview.  Tony could feel Péter staring at him, wide eyed but focused, wondering the same.
“To serve the Fatherland.”
r’ triumphantly in Ian’s direction. She set it down on the table and then went and fetched a big pot, presumably to start making her soup, muttering all the while, “The winters are so harsh; I always try and keep some on hand.”
Tony took a shuddering breath and Steve marveled at how it pulsed under his fingertips, Tony's pulse pounding thickly away where Steve’s ring finger rested on his pulse. Tony looked up at him through thick soot colored lashes, something far too heavy for what Steve felt was such a hopeful moment swimming in his eyes.
It was the closest thing to how he felt that Tony could manage without giving more away than was wise; because no matter how certain he was that Natacha would repeat the things he’d said to the vaunted Frauline Werner there was still always that one percent, and so much of him still that wanted to live.
She nodded mutely, keeping her cheek pressed to his shirt, her face hidden from his view. She couldn’t face him just yet. She only hoped her brothers never heard about this.
"Tony," the captain walked toward him, his tone beseeching but Tony turned and glared at him in warning.
Steve took a ragged breath and pushed back the flyaway hairs from his daughter’s forehead. His hands still shook no matter how fiercely he willed them to stop, but she was fine, he told himself again. Maria was fine. She was fine.
“No shit? I had no idea he was Rom.”
The captain had not joined them for lunch (yet again). Upon learning from Pepper that he and Bakhuizen had departed before lunch that day to parts unknown, and that they were not expected for dinner, gone were the children’s hopes of seeing him at all.
“I was thinking how happy I’d be if we never had to see any of those people again. This whole thing is crazy.”
He was filling out some in the chest too.  Though Tony’s mathematical eye summarized he would likely always be longer and leaner than Stefen, Péter was growing into quite a handsome young man.
He went stiff when he heard his door creak open, only relaxing when he heard the sound of a quiet voice calling his name.
“Sara, darling, finish your breakfast. You have a busy day ahead of you.”  Charlotte scolded gently, but Sara just ignored her and hunched her shoulders over her food. The little girl frowned down at her plate as if it had wronged her somehow, and Charlotte felt the first twitches of amusement she'd felt in days.
"How did none of you notice seven children leaving the premises without jackets?!" he demanded to know of the rest of them before turning back to Stevens with an expression that promised dire consequences should he not be answered swiftly. Down the street, the train pulled up outside the station house blew loudly, the last call for boarding passengers.
“Then don’t let them be distracted. And don’t you get distracted either. The important thing now is to make sure the children are safe.”
“You are right about one thing Herr Stark; I am their father. In the future all
"Tony's back as well?" Harold asked, sounding like a weight had lifted off his chest. "Good, maybe now your uncle James will agree to get some sleep. He's not left your father’s side since he got back."
“Happy Christmas, more or less.”
“I’ll stay.”
“Are we supposed to join you?”
They all had things to do, ready or not.
All of it gone. Empty shells left behind.
"I don't plan on dying, Tony. But to act like it's not a possibility isn't a luxury I can afford." Steve licked his suddenly dry lips, willing himself to go on. His heart was still beating rabbit like within his chest with anxiousness but he would not shy from this, from the very thing he wanted. He wanted it too badly. "I’ve plans to purchase a home in Switzerland and to send the family there when it’s secure to travel. Whatever happens…  Tony there is a place for you here, if you want it."
“I’ll dismiss the staff for the rest of the night,” Stefen announced after a long moment and Tony nodded numbly in relief, the tightness in his chest loosening just enough to hint at beginning to feel normal again.
The whistle blew behind them, the conductor's voice cutting through the crowd.
“I did.” Baroness Schrader announced. “Virginia said that all of Stefen’s were ruined in the laundry so I took the liberty of ordering more. They’re quite expensive, so do be careful when you put them up, won’t you Jurgen?”
If this woman was supposed to be flying under the radar, she was doing a terrible job of it. Tony had never met a fashionable woman who walked so straight backed or so commandingly, as if they were in boots, nor sat with such an air of annoyance about her skirts as she settled herself unceremoniously in the pew beside Stefen, ignoring the tense suspicion he regarded her with.
Magda frowned, apprehension creeping back in. Some of the farmers in Erlangen had taken on workers out of the prison. They were at least two days walk from Dachau, maybe three. None of their neighbors had come around with news about a runaway worker.
Slang for the drug Pervitin, which was the early version of what we know today as crystal meth. * The Germans gave it to soldiers for its ability to keep them alert for days and lower their ability to feel pain. The side effects were many because meth.
“Ti amo, Bambina.”
Artur shook his head and snuggled closer to Steve’s chest.
"Stevie he’s too dangerous to keep around and you know I’m right.” Bucky tried once more, lighting up his second cigarette. “I've never seen you throw away logic like you do when it comes to him.”
They would be happy together. For the first time in years Steve truly believed that it was possible. Tony would fill the house in Switzerland with as much love and music as Peggy had filled their home in Salzburg, and even when the memories got the best of Steve and he wasn’t strong enough not to get pulled back into the cold and the wet from his memories of war, Tony would be there. Once that darkness had felt insurmountable, but he had hope now that he could find his way back if Tony were there.
