“Well, it was
“Hello to you, too.” Dean stepped to one side, allowing the rush of students to move past them more easily. Charlie sidestepped with him, her eyes searching his face.
Dean waited for Jody to ask him to take the mask off, but she didn’t.
They were winding up the conversation, doing it in the strained and taut tones of voice that meant goodbye. The distance was hard on both of them, and the only way it showed was how much effort it took for them both to sound fine.
He was the guy Castiel had spent the whole movie holding hands with. Wasn’t he?
Jo was watching him, and then looking over to Castiel, taking in their consternation.
“What made you into this?” Castiel asked. “Or who? Can I stop them? Will that end this…” He closed his eyes when he thought about it. A tear slid down each of his cheeks. “This pain?”
It’s not Heaven. It’s not even close. It’s just a garden, where Castiel is growing things.
“You should call him that to his face,” Charlie called after him, as he headed for the door. “Don’t change your clothes! You look good!”
With a hard swallow, Castiel lifted a hand to the side of his head, and tapped his nex.
” He licked his lips quickly, thumbs hovering over the screen. “Uhhhhhh. Okay. Maybe if I just don’t tell her why…”
Not that Dean was quitting his job, or anything. But he got it - why things had unfolded as they had. He looked over at Cas, who was watching him figure it all out. Dean nodded in acknowledgement, and took another huge bite of burger.
“C’mon,” Dean said. “This way.”
“Given names can be taken,” Dean said slowly, as though talking to a child. “The more of you that’s in a name, the more of you they take along with it. If you don’t like Cas, that’s perfect.”
“It's okay,” Dean said automatically, and then caught himself. He could see Charlie's face, hear her encouraging him to speak to Cas about his worries.
“Dean,” Charlie said, trying to head him off, but Dean was in full swing now.
He was so beautiful. The world was so beautiful.
Castiel remembered he’d listened carefully, and then he’d said,
“Yeah, definitely,” Dean said, honestly this time. There really
“Mmm. Twist my arm.”
Dean’s stomach almost heaved. He didn’t want it, didn’t want to think it, didn’t want to even contemplate for a second that it could be true. He wanted to go back in time, to the part where Castiel had stayed with him all night and soothed his dreams - to the part where they’d climbed together into this garden. He wanted Castiel to just be Castiel. Not this. Not an Angel.
"Figure out how to topple the system from within," Sam finished. "Yeah, but Dean, listen. The more I learn here, the more screwed up Central looks. I mean, there are no Angels in Coastal. Just… none. They don't have anything like that.”
“Yeah,” Jody said. “Let me know. If it’s one the band already know…”
“Frightening?” Their burgers arrived, and Dean let go of Cas’ hand again. He offered a cursory smile and thanks to the harangued-looking waiter, who looked relieved to hear they didn’t want any extra sauces.
“You go ahead and get some sleep, Dean,” Charlie said, coming to stand beside them. “I just want a word with Castiel.”
“Wait,” Castiel said, “are you really?”
She punched him again, even harder.
“So, you were serious about wanting to find work here.”
“No.” The answer came immediately, straight from Castiel’s chest.
elevator. Tapped in the first address he could think of - the only one he could think of. Who lived there? He couldn’t remember. But it was the only place he could go. He knew that for sure.
He couldn’t tap on it to open it, couldn’t read the confirmation. It was only as the hope died that Castiel realised how much of him had been seriously thinking that, as a last resort, perhaps he really could stand up in the cathedral and accuse Dean of bigamy to stop the wedding. Now, there wasn’t even that.
In fact, when Dean called Charlie early the next morning, she sounded more groggy than triumphant.
“Um,” he said, trying not to sound too hoarse, trying not to sound as though he were pushing back a hundred pictures in his head of what could happen between them, “people will talk if I do.”
"It never is, down here," he said. "But we do what we can."
But that couldn’t last. Dean had to tell him about the video, and - if he wanted Cas to come for Christmas, which he did, he
Dean blinked.
Of course, there was a slight difference between going along to an audition because you liked someone, and inviting someone to that audition without telling them who you are because you liked them.
Clearing his throat, Castiel frowned as he moved across the room towards his suitcase, trying to act normal – even though acting normal in these circumstances was probably the most abnormal thing he could possibly do. Dean didn’t seem to be paying him any attention, though. Castiel thrust his old clothes into his suitcase and reached for his comb, tugging it through his hair.
Dean yawned. Sleepily, he clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth a couple of times and then grimaced at the taste.
Castiel swallowed, and then took the pictures. There were just four of them. In the first, there was everyone in the wedding party together, against a kitschy, flowery backdrop that the chapel obviously had ready for newlywed photoshoots – there was Jo grinning at the camera in her flight attendant uniform, and Castiel smiling at something out of shot with his tie askew and Dean’s arm around his shoulders, while Dean himself was looking at his brother and laughing. Sam, for his part, was standing at Dean’s side and grinning back at him.
Dean walked him home and they moved in silence, mostly. Castiel carried the bough on his own for the first part of the way, feeling like he should – but it was heavy, and after a while he let Dean take some of its weight, too.
“It’s not…” Dean muttered, a broken-off answer to a thought inside his head. “Just – I don’t know what you want me to do. Can you hear me thinking about you? ‘Cause it’s all the time, man. I don’t know what to do. Last time I saw you, you told me… but now you aren’t even…”
“Do you want me to go?”
Dean's face hardened.
“Oh,” Dean said, his voice sounding taut. “Right.” He slipped the gold band off his finger, and put it into his pocket.
Since he’d started, he might as well commit.
“I don’t know,” Castiel said, his tone quiet. “I don’t know. I thought I was happy there. But maybe I wasn’t happy, maybe I was just… busy. Maybe everything was just too loud for me to be able to tell what I was. Earlier, I was…” Castiel took another sip. “I was cleaning, and I had this feeling. In me.” He tapped his chest, looking across at Dean, who was watching him intently. “I was happy. I
– that means they’re just allowed to kill my brother?”
“You’re up, Dean,” Ash said, and put something in Dean’s hand. He glanced down, and saw a microphone.
“Good,” Dean confirmed. “Good.”
“Ah.” Cas nodded. He still seemed vaguely perplexed. He was looking around the apartment as though there were something missing.
No more hiding. No more waiting. No more feeling like a ticking time bomb every time he was around his brother, every time he spoke to someone who knew his brother, every time he sang at The Refuge. The fuse had been cut, the bomb defused. There was nothing more to worry about.
“It didn’t feel great,” Castiel admitted. “All those dates. Never being able to make it work and knowing exactly why, and knowing that another one was going to happen whether I wanted it to or not.”
“Dude. We used to hang out every day. Now I haven’t seen you, just to hang out, in… God knows how long. I know we chat when you need something or when I need something, and I know you got other friends now, and that’s cool, like - like, I guess… like, brothers, I mean, maybe it’s not healthy for us to always be, like…”
the Angel of the Underlight.
Dean heard Cas turn, and tried to lift a cheerful, put-together expression to look up at him, but it wouldn’t come; he felt as though he’d been pushed out a plane, all his blood rushing, his heart pounding. The theatre around him was blurring and unblurring in soft waves.
Charlie looked surprised.
Castiel saw the way his hand stretched just slightly, down by his side. He didn’t reach for Castiel. Their skin didn’t so much as brush, not this time. Castiel still felt it.
“We’re here.”
“Changed?” Castiel said. “No. Nothing’s changed.”
When Castiel woke up the next morning, he looked at the empty beam above his bed. Maybe instead of the wards, he thought sleepily, he should put something there.
“Your car is here,” Castiel heard the reply. “I have told the driver that the ceremony isn’t for another hour, but he’s saying that there’s some traffic on the way to the cathedral and it would be best if you left sooner rather than later.”
“Nah.”
“Uh.” Dean looked at Castiel on his screen. He didn’t know why these words were so hard to say. When he spoke them, they came out far too soft. “Hey, Cas.”
“I think you’re the only person I’ve ever met who could find a revenant in their house, go out into the forest to find it, come away with some kind of permanent supernatural injury, and decide that they like it here.”
“Sorry, I've been talking so much…”
“Don’t know,” he grunted. “Mechanic.”
Castiel can’t look back up at him.
Hating himself for being a liar. And hating himself for being a person who had to lie, because his truth was embarrassing and shameful and awkward, or it had felt like that. Being around Sam in that bar had made it feel like that. He’d even tried bringing Charlie along to the bar one time to see if that would help, but even though Sam had been totally cool with it and everyone had been polite, it had been clear that Charlie wasn’t from that world - didn’t quite belong. And Dean… Dean could look like he belonged, but he couldn’t feel it.
“Yeah, man. Because I didn’t give a shit what she thought of me.”
“We’re about an hour away. Past the White Mountain National Forest now. Heading up towards...” There was a pause, and Castiel assumed they were checking the car’s satnav display for the name. “The Samarbeid Forest. Hmm. Haven’t heard of it before.”
Watching Dean as though waiting for him.
He didn’t want to do it, and also just wanted to get it over with. Either way, he wanted to be able to tell Cas for sure at dinner that he was welcome to come for Christmas.
“Nothing,” Dean said. “Just glad you’re here.”
Dean slurped his water.
“I’ve liked you for so long, you know.”
Castiel decided not to open the door.
“Ah,” Dean said.
They turned away.
He felt himself slam into Dean, and the two of them sprawled slowly, heavily, onto the bare soil, tearing up gouges of it with their fingers as they fought to stop tumbling. Dean’s legs tangled with Castiel’s. For the moment of impact, Castiel closed his eyes.
But the knocking came again, insistent, as though the person outside knew already that there was someone on the inside.
Castiel’s jaw is tight, but he manages to say again,
Dean was clearly trying to keep his face blank, and he was failing.
“I…” Mary was looking between them again. Castiel couldn’t fathom her expression. “Sam’s waiting for you in the courtyard. The car’s ready for you.”
Castiel replied. “Why are you in my kitchen?”
“As long as you still want to,” Cas said.
Castiel clenched his teeth together. He stared resolutely up at the revenant.
“He totally knows. He’s smug. I can tell.”
“The one with the cakes?” Dean said, and Castiel nodded. Dean’s expression lifted just a little. “I swear to god, they did put something in them.”
“Grading papers,” Dean grunted.
He looks at Dean, who’s watching him piece it all together, giving him time in silence, or maybe just struggling to find more words. But either way, Dean is still here. Dean is in front of him. A moment ago, they were hand in hand.
“Wait,” Castiel said.
“I don’t know… they’re not gonna want me…”
“Please,” Castiel said, silently. He wanted to move, wanted to run, but couldn’t. Could barely heave enough air inside his lungs to keep breathing. Her shadows were chasing into him, just as they had done in the house. He fought them back, fought them off. He was going to die here, he thought. He was going to die here in the middle of the forest. Stupidly. Unnecessarily. Would anyone even find him? Would Gabriel drive down here after a week of not hearing from him? Two weeks?
“Don’t,” Cas said.
Dean, who had been walking from his kitchen to his living room, tripped over his rug. He grabbed the door frame to catch himself.
He could hear Dean’s breaths. See the way his bare chest moved.
“Listen. I know you think you’re ‘important’, and because you’re ‘the Hunter’,” the Angel said, adding air quotes to each emphasised word, “you’re ‘so far’ above the law. But the laws are there to protect people -”
On another day, when Castiel hadn’t just told Dean how he feels through a series of oblique angles – when Castiel’s hand wasn’t still being held in the rough warmth of Dean’s – Castiel might have been indignant at that tone in Dean’s voice. As though it had been obvious, when yes, half the time Dean was staring at him like he actually mattered, was ready to die for him – but the rest of the time Dean couldn’t look at him, was ready to die for anything.
Dean looked at him. Cas was watching him, but Dean had no idea what he was thinking. He wasn’t leaning in towards Dean, or looking hopeful for touch, so Dean again pushed away the knife-sear impulse to kiss him and smiled.
And – in front of them, with his fists tight and his back to Castiel – was one very clearly angry Dean.
just to be like him, if you’ll believe it. Even runs a fan group about him online.”
“Oh.” Castiel patted his dressing gown pockets, and then frowned. “I left my phone in my room.”
Cas laughed first and that set Dean off, struggling to chew his way through his mouthful with any semblance of dignity. It took a few full minutes of garnering sidelong looks from the people on the tables around them before they managed to regain control, when just meeting each other’s eyes didn’t set them off again.
“Hey, Dean,” Charlie said, and Dean breathed out.
He swallowed.
“Oh, yeah. Just, Cas said his team were coming later but I kinda thought it would just be me and him here for the first bit, like how we were at the studio before.”
Dean thought about the full box of donuts in his hands, and thought about the cupboard brimming with cookies and candy and popcorn and cake at home - and then he thought about the possibility of spending more time with Cas, and he said thoughtfully,
“What, like not punching me in the arm?”
The figure on the ground only groaned in answer.
"Stuff?" Charlie repeated, sounding amused by the vagueness. "Stuff, Lori. Things."
He was stumbling, trying to feel his way through a sentiment that Dean could tell he only half-meant.
Dean stepped over to the full-length window in Castiel’s room. It looked out across to the East Up, and below, the Eastern Mid. The Underlight was too far down to see. “It’s nice in here,” Dean said. “Nice and quiet.”
Donna and Jody said nothing. Castiel looked down into his tea. It smelled sweet, like Donna’s tea always did – she put in an extra spoon of sugar every time.
“Jody, Claire swore,” said Todd immediately.
The morning sun came through the windows in a shower of rich gold, as if to console him. Castiel watched the purple silhouettes of the wards twist against the wall for a while.
“Just one,” Dean said, as Castiel went to get glasses.
“To be fair,” he said, “I ordered the same lights. There wasn’t any recon. I just had this.” He waved the remote.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re cute, Dean Winchester. Let’s get lunch.”
Dean opened his eyes, and risked a glance around the corner of the building. Eyes sharp, expression drawn and determined, he saw no one - but the steps were crashing closer and then, quite suddenly, a figure burst out of a darker back alley and into the street Dean was watching. The figure careened into the wall, carried by their own momentum, and cried out when something in their arm audibly cracked. Dean winced, and the figure slid down the wall, clutching their arm to their chest. The second pair of footsteps was drawing closer and closer, and finally another figure stepped into view - at an almost leisurely pace, knowing they'd won.
seemed like plenty enough of an emergency. He turned on the oven and shoved the pizza in without waiting for it to heat up, and then started pacing the downstairs of the house restlessly, trying to get used to it, make it feel familiar.
“Okay, alright, I’m here,” said a familiar voice. “What, do you think you can just yell for me like I’m your personal –” Castiel turned around, and when Dean saw the expression on his face, the levity left him. “What?”
“Everyone from the bachelor party?” Castiel asked, suppressing a groan. Dean looked back up at him, not needing an audible groan to sense Castiel’s objection.
First he had to get out of bed.
“You really… you really feel…” Dean couldn’t even put it into words. “I mean, those messages…”
“You’re a demon with that thing. It’s a problem.”
Castiel’s plan to brush the whole thing under the rug and let Dean get on with being ruler of a country with his perfect match by his side hadn’t accounted for the possibility of their marriage being outed. What did they do?
Someone logged into the meeting, and Dean’s heart skipped heavily, thudding hard and uneven in his chest. He squared his laptop on his coffee table, sat up, resisted the urge to look down at himself on the screen and check his hair –
“What?” Dean said.
“It’s all my fault,” Dean said in a low voice. So quiet that Castiel knew how much he meant it. And as though reminded by his own words that he didn’t deserve the touch, Dean pulled away.
“It’s just an app,” Dean said.
There wasn’t enough of Dean on Castiel’s body. Castiel reached up his hands, traced lines up Dean’s thighs.
"Yeah. Not cheap, though."
Why hello, and may I take this opportunity to formally welcome you to the HEFTIEST BOI of a chapter. Actually, I'm not sure this is the longest one I've posted, but he is a big boy, a good boy, a good weighty boy, and I hope you enjoy! The next one will go up in a week just as usual, the 19th of July. Until then, friends and enemies! <3
It was worrying, how easy it was to imagine – they’d land back in Corelia, and some kind of royal party would be waiting for Dean, and of course his fiancée would be there. And as the bachelor group crossed the tarmac to reach them, Castiel would walk close to Dean and say,
“Dean is a Prince of United Corelia,” Mary said. “This isn’t just about who he marries. It’s about who he
Dean, meeting his eyes, called out to Charlie,
“Stop,” Dean said. “Just
Up on the stage, someone was clapping for attention, and Dean’s head jerked up to see Jody up there. He craned his neck at the group around him, wondering if Cas had sneaked in and taken a seat somewhere else, but he wasn’t anywhere to be seen. Dean frowned.
“Yes,” Castiel said. He closed his eyes and the pain was unbearable and he was lost in a mire of the dark. He opened them again and he saw her, the pale skin and the gaping sadness of her mouth and the grim chasing shadows that nipped at her, and clothed her.
Alone at the house, Castiel moved his boxes into the hallway and then shut his front door.
Sam nodded his head, with a touch more royal dignity and a little less shy awkwardness than Castiel was used to. He glanced sideways, and noticed that Sam had filled out recently, his face looking less like a tall boy’s, and more like a young man’s.
He walked over to the doors that led out to the balcony, opened them with his free hand, and dumped the whole lot of decorations outside in an unceremonious pile.
“Must drive you crazy, having a similar name to the guy. People ask you to do impressions a lot?”
“Saint Crispin’s?” Castiel asked, unable to stop himself checking that he’d heard her right.
“At your home? I’d love to,” Cas said, and he actually sounded sincere, too. “I never get to stay anywhere for long, I love seeing people’s actual homes. Not to make you feel like a zoo animal…”
Castiel tried to swallow, and thought that perhaps he had forgotten how.
“Can I… ask you what’s going on?”
He wasn’t Dean’s husband. The wedding ring in the pocket of his coat meant nothing, now.
He feels the familiar spark of happiness as he surveys his handiwork. Once, the place had been a sad little patch of chalky, lump-filled earth. Now the flowers drip off their stems like dewdrops, and the soil smells rich, and the leaves tremble their creaky little paths to follow the sun each day. Even the blossomless peach rose has strong roots.
“We’ll take a large popcorn,” he said, in his low, rough voice.
He’d promised Dean that they’d still be friends after the wedding. That was what had Castiel taking out his suit and looking for his cufflinks and tie pin. He’d promised. And if he started off by skipping the bathhouse trip – if he tried to begin by refusing to go to the wedding – then he’d never keep his word. He’d never be able to face Dean again, if he couldn’t face Dean now.
“What? No – no, listen, Dean, it says here that a substantial offer has been made on this house by a logging company who plan to start work on the forest. The law firm who represent the logging company, it’s my brother’s firm, Celeste and Celeste – they got in touch with my realtors.”
“I recommend coming to bars and talking to guys with pink feather boas on more often. Always a good time,” he said. He was pretty sure all the words came out, and even that they might have come out in the right order.
Dean shook his head. He barely even
“Yeah,” he said.
It hadn’t been a conscious choice to start living off junk food – whatever cheap take-out he felt like ordering, or a store-bought frozen pizza, or just filling up on snacks until he didn’t want a whole meal anymore anyway. It hadn’t been deliberate, but it had just sort of happened, over the course of months.
“What about it,” he says, in a tone that doesn’t really want an answer, but knows it’s going to get one.
“Tell you later,” he finally managed, and reached to unclip his seatbelt, and stood up. He couldn’t just turn around and go back to typing – Dean would come over to talk to him, insist on knowing what was going on, and Castiel didn’t want to tell him. He had to get away. Too quickly, he started to walk. He headed towards the back, brushing aside the curtain that kept one of the more functional parts of the plane hidden from the minimalist luxury space for the passengers.
Damn. Maybe he’d had a couple.
like not just when you’re wearing nice jeans or whatever but
“Great. Awesome. OK, I’m gonna go make sure this video gets uploaded. You two rehearse. I’ll be back in an hour to see how you’re sounding. No talking,” she said sternly. “I’ll know if you’re not singing. Donna, honey?”
He swallowed again. His free hand was gripping the steering wheel tightly enough that he could see the whites of his knuckles.
He shut it all out. He walked back to his kitchen and his dinner. He walked right over the prints that Dean had left on the dusty floor.
“It’s alright,” the man reassured him, “I’m not police.”
“I was a person,” Castiel replied. “Who refused to see a man be punished under the law when he had not
. People I actually want to date think something’s happening between us, too. They’re getting put off by you.”
“So,” he said awkwardly, “the thing I wanted to ask was… well...” He rubbed the back of his neck - and in that moment, he saw light dawn in the guy’s eyes.
With brown hair, and green eyes, and freckles visible on his tanned white skin. A man wearing simple clothes, the kind of thing Castiel would expect to see on someone out in the forest so late. A man who seemed to be looking at Castiel with an expression full of confusion.
“Don't apologise, dude. There is literally no need.” Dean smiled at him, hoping his warmth and sincerity was coming across. “I am now equipped to go out there and not kill babies.”
He cursed to himself, and reached up, and tapped his nex. He’d forgotten to turn it off. The smile on his face faded. The contentment left him. He closed his eyes for a moment, berating himself. The lull of the nex was so sweet, so easy to fall into. He wanted the thing off his head. Out of his thoughts. The organisation, though, would never agree. Everyone wanted a nex. They were exclusive. It would ruin Castiel’s persona if he had it removed. And besides, every Angel had one.
Dean shrugs, in a way that battles to look uncaring and ends up looking heartfelt.
Dean swallowed.
He ached. Inside, in his chest, of course. But also his skin – his shoulders, his chest, his stomach, everywhere. He wanted to be held. He wanted Dean’s hands on him, so much that it made him furious. He pressed harder into the wall behind him, just for the feeling of the friction.
Castiel feels his wings unfurl.
“I had a flatscreen,” Castiel said, more than a little wistfully. “Back in New York.”
“The hell is a counter-pain?”
“Hope I’d be better at it, if I did,” Dean said. His arm on the guy’s shoulder did feel awkward. He shifted, pulling the guy in a little closer, and then half-smiling in embarrassment. Jo was snapping away in the meantime. “Sorry, uh…”
“We’re still married,” he said. And the tiny galley of the plane suddenly felt a lot tinier. Dean blinked twice, quickly, his mouth falling open.
“Just trying to keep the mystery alive,” Dean said, faking an absent kind of tone in the hope that Cassie would drop the subject. The sidewalk was getting more and more treacherous, each of his steps sliding just a little.
He knows he should try to talk about it, but he can’t. He
“Holy crap,” Sam said, voice distant with disbelief. “In the news tab on Google. It says that you’ve been added to the show. Your actual name is here, and a picture of you.”
"It's not about the look," Cas said absently. "It's my charity, Eat Up. It's all based around healthy eating options for people who'd otherwise be eating junk food for convenience or financial reasons. I generally feel bad if I don't stick to a good diet too."
Castiel raised an eyebrow at him.
He hit call. And then sucked in a deep breath and hung up before it had even rung once.
Dean, pacing his bedroom floor, picked up one of their discarded take-out boxes and dug into it, putting whatever he found in there into his mouth and chewing. His styled hair was out of place after all the times he’d pushed his hands through it over the course of the afternoon and evening, and his princely clothing was thrown on the floor. He walked up and down, wearing some pyjama pants, a Led Zeppelin t-shirt, and a loose robe.
Dean didn’t say anything for a long time. They walked along the path, familiar twists and turns passing unnoticed as Castiel lost himself in thought. He wanted to believe that Dean would be happy. He wanted, so badly, for Dean to be happy. The idea of Dean living out his life and not having those expressions on his face as much of the time as possible – the big smile when he was excited or the eye-creased laugh when he found something funny or the soft, happy look he had when he was content, and more, all of them – the idea of Dean living without those made Castiel want to break something.
And then the headache narrowed its eyes, set its sights, and pounded its first blow.
“My turn,” Castiel said to the hard-hat who had been speaking. Someone from legal, they’d said. “May I have your name?”
“No,” he said. “No. You just said you still don’t feel that way.”
“Alright,” he said. “Fine. I’ll sing. But I’m not gonna win and it’s gonna be on you when I make a total dipshit of myself out there. Just… lower those expectations all the way down, and, uh...” He was an idiot. He was going to hate himself in ten minutes when he was being asked to get on that stage and sing in front of everyone. But that look on Cas’ face was too much and he utterly and completely could not resist it, and he wasn’t going to pretend to try.
few moments.
“I’ve missed you, Dean,” he said. In a small voice, like he would have said it when he was four years old and Dean had stayed over at a friend’s for a night.
“Talk to you soon.” Castiel hung up. Dean stopped just shy of the porch, and looked up at him.
Maybe Castiel would say yes.
“Shit,” Dean said, the tension breaking out of him in a laugh that was just a little too loud. “Sam, I didn’t kill anyone. What the hell?!”
“She chooses not to kill you,” Castiel said.
“He’s around,” Dean said vaguely. “Do you miss it? The city, and your job?”
He started to move towards the front door.
“Well,” Castiel said, “I can, now.”
In a half-dream, Castiel thought he heard Dean come into his room.
“There’s a thing,” Cas replied, before Dean could turn around and explain. “Charlie’s sort-of dating Jo’s ex.”
“Okay. One more?”
“I like this,” Castiel said.
“If you don’t want me to leave,” Castiel said, “you should ask me to stay.”
Dean’s expression shifted. His smile crooked into something just a little more mischievous.
The stranger smiled.
“He looked, uh. More himself.”
“You want to ask if I can cancel what happened, right?” the attendant asked.
“You could… on my cheek…” The guy raised an eyebrow as Dean broke off.
“Then?” Castiel sounded surprised. “I just didn’t want you to be on your own.”
“So, I got around to taking the thing down this morning in the extra hour awake you gave me.” Charlie glanced around them in the hallway, checking that no students were loitering near them long enough to overhear what she was saying. “I didn’t think it’d be anywhere near that fast. But turns out, the app’s coding was total garbage. I mean, it was like, there were tumbleweeds in there where the code should’ve been, pretty much. It looked pretty but nothing worked.”
“Dean Winchester,” Jody called.
He’d been just about to answer Cas, about to take his invitation to talk more about The Refuge and what it meant to him, and then he’d realised that Hannah was listening, and he’d closed up quicker than a barn door slammed in a hurricane. He probed himself. Why was the feeling familiar, of having more to say - stuff about what he thought, how he felt - and then just not saying it? Was this what Charlie was talking about, how he never talked about his feelings? He hadn’t even noticed, not really, not when he kind of did it with everyone so it was just the wallpaper, nothing special. But then doing it in front of Cas…
Castiel accepted this.
Castiel was about to get to his feet, when Lisa moved.
Castiel knew Dean wanted to. So many aching years that Dean had longed for him, and Castiel had been able to feel it like a prayer – and not some soft and murmured thing, a prayer of an older kind, something raw and wordless and desperate. Something on its knees. Castiel could feel the yearning in Dean. It would have been so simple for Castiel to offer touch, but Dean hadn’t ever really let him. And Dean still wasn’t letting him.
“I’m into it.”
He’d have to do it soon, or it’d be taken out of his hands.
“Kind? Polite? Occasionally grumpy? Yeah. But he’s super not hot anymore, so.”
Castiel put out his hand for Dean’s milkshake, neatly decanted his own into Dean’s cup, and then handed it back to him, the whole thing done with easy dexterity and just enough shyness to be completely disarming.
––––––––
“But –”
The trees all around him were shuddering. Their boughs were starting to move in a sudden wind. They were groaning with the strain of it.
“Just a few more minutes up here. Maybe we’ll never be able to come back. This might be our only chance to sit and look at this view together.” She paused, and then said, “Not in like a… I don’t mean, like…” She sounded awkward and Dean realised she’d noticed the romantic way that what she’d said could have been taken. He grimaced internally. Those damn comments were getting in her head.
“He could come too,” Castiel said.
onto Castiel’s welcome mat.
“Right, but – I mean – you know what I mean,” Gabriel said. “I mean, it doesn’t change anything.”
Her gaze flicked from Castiel, to Dean. Her eyes narrowed.
No. He had to do this now. If he didn’t, in all likelihood Sam would find out some other way before Dean could tell him. It had to be today.
“Alright, well, have fun at your…”
“Okay,” he said to himself, trying to sound light and unbothered. “Okay. Got the phone. Looking at the video. How many hits does it - fuck.
“I know,” Castiel said. He saw the hopelessness on Dean’s face, and felt his own anger rage harder.
“Sarah?”
“Your Majesty,” Lisa said, stepping forward. Her voice was so strained, so wrecked, that it jerked Castiel a little out of his miasma of confusion and disbelief. This was happening. This was actually happening. Dean had stopped the wedding. And Lisa was standing and looking at the Queen with a guilty expression on her face, as though it were somehow her fault. “Your Majesty, I… I am aware of the great slight that this does to your House. I have no excuse. There is no justification for what I’ve done.”
“It’s going to be alright,” Castiel said to the trees. “I’m going to make it alright.”
His voice is so different. So gentle in a way that Castiel only barely recognises from the most private of moments they’ve shared. Castiel is suddenly so intensely aware that they’re the only two in the garden, alone with each other. No one else to see them or hear them or judge what they say to each other. It’s a thought that gives him courage.
“You’re really staying,” Dean said.
Jo grinned at him.
“It is true sometimes,” Charlie said bracingly. “Not in possession of the longest attention span over here. And I think I can make things about me a little bit when they’re not.”
For himself. To act like the person he felt he was.
The footsteps he’d heard were getting louder. Definitely coming in his direction. They were scrambling steps, quick enough to be a sprint, uneven enough to be panicked. And behind them, a second pair of steps. More even, more determined, faster.
The dream of turning up to the school to talk to Castiel felt suddenly out of the question. He couldn’t actually do that, could he? Who did he think he was? He had to be real with himself. He was a grunt. He was a guy who’d figured out how to do some engineering and weaselled his way into a job teaching it. He wasn’t hot enough or smart enough to be with anyone, let alone someone as hot and smart as Castiel. It was laughable that he’d even been imagining it for a second there. Seriously, who did he think he was? It wasn’t as though –
Castiel’s song was interspersed with shots of the singers, as they finally worked it out - finally realised that Castiel had been in their midst all along, listening to them perform. Anna grabbed Dean’s hand; he could remember the tightness of her grip, could feel it now like a phantom touch. He could see all of them whispering to each other. There was a shot of Dean, just him, mouthing the words
He stepped back from Dean, and his expression was a tragedy in a language Dean didn’t speak.
Had the tap worked this whole time? No. He was sure it had been stone-dry. He’d tried it several times over the past few days. Bending down, Castiel opened the cupboard and looked at the pipes, searching for answers.
“Well,” he said aloud, “you’ll definitely screw up our marriage if you do.” He offered Dean a very small, dry smile, and Dean caught his eye and managed a laugh.
“I thought…” Cas closed his eyes, his head dropping as he smiled again at his own misunderstanding, and Dean let himself laugh. He reached out and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder, still a little tentative, still feeling his heart sing with the ability to touch. Cas leaned in, their bodies swaying together slightly.
He brought up the mic, and he sang.
“I’m not…
And maybe that was all they were, Castiel thought, as the two of them waited outside Charlie’s room while she got dressed and then headed together through the corridors and down the palace’s main staircase. Him and Dean, maybe all they were was a series of opportunities to leave each other to face things alone that they never took, strung together by day-to-day life in between. It felt as natural as breathing to tell Dean that he was coming too. Even if the place they were going was nowhere he wanted to be.
But how had they got here, why were they talking about this? What kind of a bar, why? Dean had just wanted to check up on Cas in a few brief words and suddenly they were making evening plans? Cas was making no sense. Was he doing it on purpose? Dean read the whole conversation over again, and pulled a face of utter and annoyed confusion for the benefit of no one, and shook his head.
He was going to have to actually go to class looking like some kind of hipster crossed with a wannabe biker. He could feel his heartbeat pounding. And of course Castiel had been there to witness his feeble attempt at looking hot, and would probably be thinking unendurably smug thoughts about it for the rest of forever.
It was when he was only a few steps away that his foot hit a patch of black ice. His arms went out, struggling to balance him – Castiel moved forward, one hand out – Dean reached for him on instinct, grasping his arm, his body relaxing in obvious expectation of Castiel being able to pull him upright –
“You brought food?” Castiel said, his mouth already starting to water. He hadn’t noticed himself getting hungry again after his early lunch, but the idea of a burger was making him suddenly weak at the knees. He’d thought he was going to have to make Dean more pasta as he was working with fairly limited resources, but a good burger…
Castiel expected her to reach for Dean, hustle him back off towards the side-room that he’d appeared from – give him some space to avoid a big scene. That was her job, to protect Dean from scenes just like this one. The sight of her stepping forward sent a little wave of relief through Castiel, thinking that Dean would at least be about to be steered out from under the watchful gazes of all these people – but then, instead, Charlie stopped.
“I don’t know.” Cas shifted. “Whatever it is you’re thinking?”
Castiel could see streaks on her cheeks. She’d been crying – and not just in the last couple of seconds, Castiel could tell by the way her eyeliner had smudged down her face. She’d been crying for a little while.
“What?” Dean said, as the vocals kicked in. Dean couldn’t remember who sang this one - he was stupidly popular and the name was on the tip of his tongue, some funky new-age word.
“Who is it?” Dean called through from the bathroom.
“I’m sure,” he said.
“Either is good, actually,” Anna said. “She or they. I’m genderfluid, so what I really like is people using whichever pronoun feels right at the time. Kinda mixing it up, you know, whenever you feel like it. In the same sentence, in the same day, whatever.”
to begin. Maybe it was better just to not know any of it. Maybe he could try to forget about tonight. Go back to living as though things like a revenant didn’t exist, and no handsome green-eyed strangers to save him, either.
“I’m getting more drinks,” she said roughly, and Dean nodded. Hannah looked down at Cas, and then up at Dean, and said,
“... Is a businessman,” Castiel finished for him. “He runs a law firm, not a charity. None of his partners would trust me. They’d use me against him. He might lose his shot at having his name on the door. It wouldn’t be worth it to him to hire me. And I’m not going to call him up and ask him, and make him tell me that.”
“Charlie, you know I couldn’t do a day of the royal bullshit without you,” Dean said. “You’re not an employee. You’re, you know.” He looked angry about having to say it. “A friend. Can’t fire you from being a friend.” Charlie turned around to look at him, and he shrugged. “You screwed up. I’ve done it before. We just… I just need your help with fixing it.”
“I put it in your mailbox,” Castiel said.
Mary arched an eyebrow.
“What if I am,” Dean muttered aloud. There was no one around to think he was losing it, after all. He wasn’t completely sure, but he’d always read that trees couldn’t hear or think.
“You’re the best,” he said, “seriously, but I’m good. I’m just gonna wear my clothes.”
“You must know,” Sam said. “You’re the one who did it.”
But here they were. Castiel pulled up his Notes app on his phone and started drafting the email to the lawyers, as the engines on the plane hummed louder.
so much.”
Castiel tilted his head forwards just a little, so Dean could see him. Dean met his eyes, and then his shoulders dropped, and he came into the room with the door closing behind him.
mean anything
“I could live to be a hundred,” he said, “and never regret marrying you. Not for one
to let go.
“Then I’ll live.” Castiel cleared his throat.
The same light.
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean. He wondered if this was it. If this was going to be the moment it all changed.
There was no way Sam wouldn’t figure it out. Dean might be able to literally stand at a Castiel audition with a guy called Cas beside him and not put two and two together, but there was no way Sam was going to miss it, not when he was already going to be on full bloodhound mode after all Dean’s recent revelations.
Dean tightened his grip.
Castiel didn’t know how to reply. When Dean came back, were the two of them still going to talk? The things that Dean had seemed to want to say upstairs, did he still want to say them? Did Castiel even really know what those things were?
Charlie visibly sagged with relief.
“Hello,” Castiel said to Dean.
“It must be one of the ones we’ve called already,” he said. “And they just lied to us about not having them.”
“You all didn’t get up to anything too wild, I hope,” Mary said, as she turned away from Dean and looked at Castiel. He met her perceptive blue eyes, and cleared his throat. The ring in his pocket felt heavy.
Emotions were crossing his face, too fast to catch one alone, too swift to parse. He looked down at his feet, watching where he stepped.
“Half of it,” Castiel corrected him, and Dean acknowledged it with a little raise of his eyebrows and tilt of his head as he came over.
“He hates this one,” Hannah said, looking as though they wanted to give some kind of explanation for his behaviour. Jody looked annoyed at Hannah for saying it, but Dean leaned closer.
“Maybe,” he said. “Maybe I am. But you know what else I am? I’m a person who would go that far to stop something unjust from happening.” He squared his shoulders. “I would lose my house. My job. My car. My circle of friends. My entire life. I gave it away to help a man who never thanked me. So I ask you this. You’ve realised that you’re up against me in this fight. You know what I’m prepared to do to win. So the question now is… what are
“Yeah,” he said.
How it felt to be looked at like that… Dean didn’t have words for it. He swallowed, and concentrated on the song. If he didn’t sing this well, maybe Jody’d just cut him right out of the concert, anyway.
Castiel stared at him, now. Dean’s innocent expression tipped over into a slight grin. There was a kind of restlessness to him this morning.
A flash of Dean against the wall, his face soft and surprised and something else –
They emerged out into the clearing in front of Castiel’s house.
“You’re an Angel,” he said.
With a loud clear of his throat, he put his hands back down by his sides.
“Well, well, well,” Gabriel said. “What’s up? Calling to gloat about how you’re still there?”
“What?”
“That’s awesome,” Dean said. “Charlie’s good people.”
“Oh,” Castiel said, breaking away. “Oh - I knocked your hat off.”
“Couldn’t bear the thought of leaving without saying goodbye?” Dean said.
Dean’s mouth worked for a second, struggling to put together an answer.
“And I don’t want you to let yourself down,” she said. “Dean, I just want people to think well of you. I want them to see you like I see you. As a good man. And, one day, a good King.” She walked forward, and stepped around Dean to face him. She reached up, and put her hand on his cheek. “So let’s do what we need to do to secure this marriage and get it all over with. Okay? Then we can all go back to normal, just the way things should be.”
“Exactly. If it hadn’t changed anything back in the city, you would’ve kept sending me on those dates.”
“Something like that.”
“You know,” Cas said softly, “your brother must know there’s more to you than this.”
but this.
Dean held still just a few inches from Castiel, wanting to let Castiel speak – keeping himself in check against the fact that all he felt like doing was melting back into their shared touch.
deep down…
When the front door of Castiel’s house opened, however, it opened for Castiel alone. On quiet feet, Castiel came over to where Dean was standing, and leaned against the house beside him.
“Listen, if coming out here and growing your little flowers and everything – if it helps, then that’s fine,” he says. “It’s fine.”
“I want to tell you the truth.” There. No going back now.
With a swallow, Castiel stood up and closed the cupboard door.
“Would you like to see the rest of the house?” Castiel asked politely.
“Look, I better go.”
“What are you going to do? You know, I have… well, I mean, you know my place is being renovated so I’m in this crappy three-room place for the next couple weeks so it’s just an airbed and the only space I have for it is the kitchen floor, but you know you can always crash with me. If you don’t mind me kicking you in the head on the way to get my coffee every morning.”
“Dean…”
“I, uh.” Dean swallowed. “No.” A hundred things he’d wanted to say, and all of them stuck in his throat. Stupid seven-chili throat. “Look, what was I gonna do, call out to him from across the street like we’re in a movie? C’mon. I’d have looked ridiculous.”
“I believe they call it a candid,” the guy said.
“Who was -”
Dean didn’t even want it to be a date. Dating was dumb.
“Where are we going,” he said, trying to sound neutral.
“Cas,” he said.
The pauses in between lines were long and quiet, Dean’s voice alone filling up the silence, contrasting with the full sound of the backing track that all the other singers had had. His face, his voice, the odd silences, it made the performance resonate differently. Dean didn’t know if it was just because of what it meant to him, what he knew he’d been feeling at the time, but there was a kind of genuine yet complicated intensity to his singing; he could feel himself reddening as he watched himself, chest filling up at how much he actually
Sam grunted. The evening light was sighing pleasant and golden through Dean’s kitchen window, so he was sitting at his breakfast bar to Skype with his brother. They hadn’t planned to call, but Dean hadn’t felt like being alone.
that - both for the future and, shit, if he thought about it, right now too. Look at him, already sinking into old mistakes.
“Yeah,” he said, “my friends.”
Dean can see that he’s scared. Dean is going to figure it all out. And then those doors will close again.
Dean’s face must have dropped, because she pulled the phone back, looking concerned.
As soon as his foot touched the bare earth, everything went quiet, and slow.
Castiel wanted to get down on the floor with him. Or perhaps he wanted to pull Dean up to his feet, kiss him again, hold him again, run away with him again.
“Anna,” they said. “Anna Celeste.” Castiel swallowed. So, this was
“You love it really,” he said.
He’d said yes.
“Dean -”
“Sorry, I really do - I gotta meet someone.”
“Some work to keep you going?”
He sang the chorus once more. This time, a few people had picked up on the tune and the lyrics and sung it along with him; Dean felt his heart ache, hurting so good, to be able to share this song and have people
“This… freaking out, feelings kinda guy. I don’t do this shit. You know that.”
Castiel said. He whipped the phone around. “Are you just making this up, or –”
“Like six,” Dean said. “Ish. But hey, I just need you to –”
Dean lifted his head, and met Castiel’s eyes. He looked shy, and ashamed, but he said,
“We’re nearly there,” Castiel said, to give Dean a way out.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel still had the roses in one hand. He looked down at them again, and closed his eyes because the happiness was just a little too much for a half-second.
Dean snorted.
Dean nodded, once, a little sharply. God, he had no idea how to do this. And it didn’t help that he could feel things moving inside him, shifting, like walls crumbling, like stuff he’d smothered finally elbowing its way up to be felt – a blazing feeling, a hurting feeling, a wanting. Somehow both familiar and terrifying.
“Shit.
Dean stepped onto Castiel’s yard, his eyes on the tree he could clearly see through the front window. Those elegant golden lights were on the first setting - they were glowing softly. Just like Dean’s should have been. Dean’s face hardened. He just had to get close enough for the signal from the remote to work. He began to crunch his way across the snowy yard towards the window -
Dean’s tongue, Dean’s mouth, warm, open, letting Castiel gently slide his own tongue in and then out.
Dean goes to say something, and then stops.
“I mean. Could’ve left you to the revenant, if you’d have preferred its company more than mine…”
He’d responded in kind. He’d sent an answer, of a kind.
“I watched it,” Dean said back. Charlie went still.
"Maybe you're just difficult like that, yeah."
And that evening, Castiel decided to call his brother.
“Hello?”
“You know,” she said, “we were never sure if we were doing the right thing. And now I’m less sure than I ever was.”
“I, um.” He starts to speak, and his voice is low and rough. When he pauses almost immediately, Dean shifts his weight from one foot to the other, licks his lips. Castiel searches for the words. “I tried staking that peach rose. But it didn’t do any good.”
He took a deep breath, and turned away.
“I’m good,” he said, a little gruffly. “Thanks, though.”
He stared down at it on his screen. This was just going to be another dead end, and he knew it. What then? What happened when they couldn’t fix this? Did they just have to go to bed and wait to see what the morning would bring? Just sleep and then see whether the newspaper with the pictures would connect the dots? Castiel had been juggling an idea in his mind for the last hour or so, to say that the rings were Dean and Lisa’s wedding rings, and Castiel had just been holding one because Dean had been nervous for the wedding and wanted to practise with them – or maybe had just wanted to see them, and Castiel had been holding onto them as his friend, so he’d brought them along to Saint Crispin’s – or –
"You have no idea what you're talking about. You think this is replaceable? 'Course you do. That's what you assholes are all about, right? Everything being replaceable with somethin' else or someone else. Always a way to fill the space so you never gotta feel it."
Dean sat down at the table.
Dean blinked. Enough overthinking. He stopped eyeing himself in the mirror, and turned to face the doors - and then glanced sideways for one last check, and realised he still had a little Underlight grime on the side of his neck and hastily wiped at it with the back of his hand. It left a greasy smudge.
Castiel had the distinct sense that they’d been suddenly left unaccompanied, two unruly children without a supervisor.
"No, I… no."
“Are you sure you still want me to come?”
Dean made a show of rolling his eyes.
“And I heard you broke into someone’s home and skinny-dipped in their pool.”
“I wouldn’t just brush it off like that,” Gabriel said.
Dean swallowed. Now that he was finally seeing himself in the video, the part that he’d considered skipping to see at the beginning, he kind of wanted to skip past it. There was something both awful and also addictive about watching his own face, hearing his own voice. On the screen, he was still looking at Cas, because of course he was, and as he grew more confident his expression relaxed - but it never lost that depth, that reach. Dean was watching Cas like it mattered. Like it
“I thought if I straight-up got you to lead me to the right place, you'd try to arrest the sibling again. Will you get up?"
Charlie was standing over by four satchels, helping Lisa to pack the last few parcels of food inside them. Lisa was wearing a pair of light brown trousers, boots, and a loose-fitting long-sleeved white top with wide sleeves that looked a little piratical; Charlie, meanwhile, had opted for a modern outdoorsy look, with skinny-fitting dark trousers and a camouflage tank-top.
“Hey, we’ve been through this,” Dean said, as they began to make their way down the street, “If I told you, I’d have to kill you.”
“Alright, everyone,” Donna said, setting the hairbrush she’d been wielding down on the hall table and straightening her own collar. “You all look adorable, and I love you. Let’s go meet Dean and his… and the Duchess.”
“It was
“I want it clear,” Mary said crisply.
It meant no one was ever really lost. And my mother – when she – it helped, you know? To think about that. And my brother lost someone – it helped then too.”
Dean’s thoughts were transformed abruptly into a series of question marks.
The next morning, Dean stood in front of his closet, eyeing his clothing options. Sure, he could go with the same old shirt and jeans combo that had been his staple for the last few months - no, longer than that, almost a year. The jeans were kind of falling apart, and not in the cool way, and his shirts were all looking pretty worn too, but he could just shove those on and go.
After the market, he and Cas had wandered through the shopping district, stopping everywhere so that Cas could have a look at just about everything. He seemed so out of touch and naive - and then he would point out the saucepans and spatulas in a homeware store, and comment on how the soft non-metal handles would keep hands from getting burns, or something equally low-key and unthinkingly pragmatic. He’d bought a set of jars for his beekeeping, and also a new t-shirt for twelve dollars ninety-nine. He wasn’t some spacey celebrity who never did anything for himself - but Cas also was so surprised and fascinated by so many small things that he never felt fully a part of the normal world. He had his feet so much on the ground, and his head so much in the clouds.
He’d insisted that he be the host. Castiel had apparently protested that he had a Zoom enterprise plan and he could host the call, but Dean got a business account through his work, and somehow it made him feel better to be the one arranging the time and starting things off.
“Yeah, I kinda - well, I never really… I thought singing was kinda… lame. Or, like, if people knew I could sing, they’d guess about…”
Dean frowned, and sat up, and picked up the guitar that he kept under his bed, moving the laundry that he always kept on top of it in case Sam or anyone else should ever come around and start asking what was up with the actual guitar under Dean’s bed. There were so many places those questions could lead, and Dean wasn’t ready for any of them.
“Well, Cas, it’s kind of all right there. In the message.”
Dean Winchester, who was out to his little brother, took a deep breath in.
“You’re right,” Cas said. "I’m sorry, Dean.”
Until they talk about it, anything seems possible. It almost feels real enough. But if they talk, it’ll all be over. Dean will tell him to take back his grace, and Castiel will have to leave. It’ll be over.
Maybe he would stay. Maybe he’d go. Either way, Castiel didn’t want to fight, so he lapsed into silence. And the rest of the evening passed quietly, uneventfully. Until Dean murmured goodnight, and left.
Dean was folding his hands together and then twisting them back apart, and then refolding them. Castiel could see his hesitation. He wondered what it was that had made Dean want to go back to the subject. Maybe it was as simple as Castiel having opened up and told Dean something, and Dean returning the favour.
Dean nodded, and angled the remote more deliberately, about to press it back onto setting number three.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Come inside.”
The anger in Castiel’s stomach hadn’t abated. He only felt it grow, as it sunk in: Dean was really going to marry Lisa. And Lisa was – as Charlie had said – very nice, and Dean would be happy with her. She would make a good queen some day, with her training in etiquette and her self-possession. It made sense for them to be together. And Castiel only got angrier the more he thought about it.
Dean relaxed, ever so slightly.
Castiel looked back into his eyes.
This was getting a little much. Especially for the middle of a mall on a Saturday.
“I made sure an innocent man did not go to prison for a crime he didn’t commit,” Castiel said, in a low voice. “I upheld justice in the face of a law that was not just.”
“Yeah. Well. You know, this really isn’t my scene, man.”
“A seven,” Dean said. “Not more than an eight.”
would clearly be unnecessarily aggressive. It wasn’t as though Dean cared, anyway.
"I checked before I started patrolling. There were no signs of danger or stress."
He walked towards the main palace doors, wondering if there would be press outside, or any kind of official morning event happening. It was all dizzy and dreamlike, and he was realising belatedly that he probably should have figured out what time things were happening and where he was supposed to be. His stomach was tying itself in knots, his breathing a little too quick.
He wanted to figure this out. He wanted time with Cas, time to move past this and get to know each other better. But time was pretty much exactly what they didn’t have.
“Nah,” he said.
And they’d fixed his sink.
“Aw. How come, d’you think?” Hannah said, watching the stage.
The master bedroom was big, with a double bed, and for the first time since seeing the kitchen Castiel wondered whether perhaps he actually hadn’t made such a big mistake in coming here. The windows were wide and led onto a little balcony off the back of the house, and the ceiling sloped on one side with exposed beams making strange triangle shadows against the white paint.
Morning came unwillingly, slouching into Castiel’s bedroom through his windows. It left grimy grey light over the wards that hung above him, and breathed a moist tang into the air.
“Dean? Did you get cut off?”
, like,
“Can you give me… some of it,” Castiel said. “Not all? Could I do that without – without dying?”
If it had been only Cas sitting with him, Dean realised, he would have carried on talking. He would have said how it had felt to come here the first time, how painfully excited and terrified he’d been. How much he’d wanted to fit in and how much he’d felt like he stood out, and how much he’d been accepted for doing both. How he’d met Charlie here. How he’d met
“Yes, please.”
“Where am I…” He broke off, coughed.
“You stole them?”
“Gabriel,” Castiel said, “I’m gay.”
urgh. Nope.
For a second, he let himself imagine that the way things were right now could always be: just him and Dean, a married couple, come to visit a beautiful place with their friends.
“Ten, though?” he asked eventually, and Charlie snorted.
barely speak to
“Dean,” Castiel said, and his own voice made no sound.
Except, Castiel thought, as Dean reached for the TV remote and flicked on a show for them to watch, except they did exist. Right now, one ring was glinting in the bathroom’s chrome and one was pressed up between folds of fabric in Dean’s pocket.
“We were always asking each other to come over to eat together, and it was never a date,” Castiel said. “But – but it – but you – some of them were?”
“Three in the morning,” Castiel said. “And sober.”
That look. That smile. Dean hadn’t ever seen that expression on his own face. He found himself making it, now, in the car, at an invisible Cas to his right. Yeah, that felt - that felt familiar. That felt like the expression he usually wore when he was watching Cas. But when he wore it, it felt subtle, barely-there. In reality, caught on camera… it looked like
“No,” Castiel said, deadpan.
For a while, there was only the hiss of cooking. Then Dean said,
“I’m not,” he said again, more quietly, and even more intensely. He had to talk. He had to say something, say it all, or Castiel was going to leave. Words piled up on his tongue, heavy, all of them wrong. He wasn’t the kind of guy who could save a situation like this. All he could get out was, “I swear.”
“Yeah,” Dean said.
seemed kind of flippant.
“Let me thank you, asshat,” Dean said, and Cas sat back, his eyes brightening at the warmly-meant insult.
“Tomorrow.”
The world is turning beneath his feet as it should. The plants around him are creaking as they grow. Dean is breathing a little quicker than usual, and Dean’s heartbeat – there it is. That sound Castiel has missed since the day he tore out his grace.
No. No, there it was again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe Sam wouldn’t pick up.
“No,” Dean interrupted this time. He seemed to pull himself up, straighten his shoulders. There he was: the Dean that Castiel had watched burying all of his feelings for years. He almost looked angry. “No. It’s okay.”
He put his hand in his pocket, and tried to appear at his ease. Just a few hours at a party, that was all he had to do. Then he could crash out on a bed somewhere, and forget about the Up and the Underlight and every messed up thing in between for a few hours, before waking up tomorrow morning and doing it all again.
They weren’t touching. They sat like they’d always done, somehow falling into old habits, near enough to be aware of possibilities but holding back from true closeness.
There are no words in Castiel’s mind, or none that make sense – or none that he can say aloud. He wishes he could give Dean the way that he feels, just drop it into Dean’s mind, show him without having to explain it. The feeling is
“Nothing too wild,” he managed to echo. “Your Majesty.”
“Okay,” Donna said, bringing a huge platter over to the table. She set it down, and Castiel saw fresh bread rolls and croissants and cheeses and cured ham and orange slices, arranged neatly in rows. “Everyone take one of what you’d like…”
“Hey, look, I don’t care.”
But somehow, on the way out of his mouth, it turned into,
He cooked himself breakfast. He made himself chocolate chip pancakes with fresh berries and whipped cream and syrup, and they tasted absolutely incredible. Fluffy and soft and sweet. Good enough to make Dean’s heart swell so big he could completely forget about his nerves for about a minute and a half.
Dean let out a breath.
“A revenant,” the man said. “It’s changed since I last saw it. Looked more like a draugr to me than anything else. Other things thrown in too. That’s how it mostly goes these days.”
Castiel thought. Dean’s brother. The one Dean had said was nearby. The one Jess had said she loved, too – the one whose pain she had woken up to take away. This was him.
“Huh,” Dean said, clearly trying to hide the smile. “Thought you would be gone by now.”
“This?”
Castiel swallowed.
Dean felt a wave of heat rush through him.
“What? No,” Cas said, breezing past the graceful out that Dean had tried to give him. “That is… if you’re not tired, and it’s alright with you, I’d still like to come and see where you live.”
“Thank you.” It was the most Castiel could manage. He glanced towards Hannah, wishing he could summon up more politeness, but he had no words. They were looking back at him in the rearview mirror, and caught his eye before he blinked and looked away.
Dean thought, with a mental shrug of his shoulders.
“Um,” Castiel said. He could feel the Queen’s eyes burning through the air between them, demanding that he make eye contact with her so that she could firmly signal
“I think it was gonna be poison and then an axe to the face. You know I love an axe to the face.”
Castiel used the hand on Dean’s shoulder to pull him forward, and what he meant to say was,
apparently, by the end of this class.
“You’re asking the wrong person,” Dean said. He turned his head quickly left and right, showing off what Castiel already knew: Dean was unoperated. He had no nex.
“But you always assume you know the best way to help, and you don’t listen. If you’d just decided you didn’t care I thought I was gay back when I was still in the city, and you’d decided the best way to help me was just to keep setting me up with women because obviously I just hadn’t met the right one yet…”
Cas sat very still for a moment, and then another, his eyes cast down at his hands, folded in his lap. Dean swallowed.
The door to Saint Crispin’s opened sharply, and slammed back into the wall behind it. Castiel and Dean broke apart, breathing audibly, to see Claire standing in the doorway, watching them.
They heard footsteps behind them, and turned to look over their shoulders. Behind them - for the first time in their lives, brought up here on Castiel’s instruction - were people, some faces Dean knew, some he didn’t. A pair of siblings - a thief and a diabetic. Those he recognised easiest. Dirty faces, thin faces. Wan and hungry, but just a little bright-eyed, perhaps. And those eyes were going wide, wide, wide, at the sight of the trees. The people of the Underlight had arrived.
“Cool! We'll make sure there's plenty to eat.”
Outside, he looked down at the stack of his things on the porch, just seven boxes staring with shiny sticky-tape sneers at the grim visage of Castiel’s new house. Everything else Castiel had owned had been donated or thrown away. This was his whole world: seven boxes, some groceries, a creepy house, and nothing else.
“You know, the… I mean, I did such a crappy job the first time. I wanted to…” Dean swallowed visibly, and then his expression hardened. “Fuck it,” he said.
When the end of the class came, he let the students go and turned to the whiteboard to wipe it down.
“What?” Dean said.
Why had he said that? Coming on way too strong, and now Cas would be freaked out, and -
“Very possible,” Dean said. “And they’re right.”
“Some of them.”
“Looking good, Jo,” said Ash.
Castiel sat in the back of the Rolls Royce Cullinan.
That low, rumbling voice was just the same as it had always been. If Dean had known how to breathe a second ago, he was now having trouble remembering exactly.
“Come on,” Cassie said from beside him, her eyes bright with laughter. “You can tell me.”
“Yeah.
He looked like the answers mattered. Like they mattered a lot.
“I’m worried, Castiel,” Mary said. She looked up at him, with those piercing eyes that Castiel had never really been able to lie to with any success. “You see the change in him too, don’t you?”
Cas pulled a face. “All you did was be honest,” he said.
“I know.”
“Hey,” he said to the figure in the mask.
Dean stooped, and his heart rate managed to find a way to amp up higher. This was Castiel’s wallet. He remembered the colour of it, from when Castiel had half-pulled it out of his pocket to try to pay for the popcorn. Holding it in his hand, Dean swallowed. This belonged to Castiel. He’d need it back.
“Whatcha typing?” he mouthed. Castiel’s eyes drifted from Dean over to Charlie, who was buried in her phone with headphones on, and then over to Gordon and Ash, who were sleeping.
“Do you want to do this?” he said.
“Great,” Jo said. “Let’s try a few more…”
“Wonder how much commission he gets from the lawyers for every client out of that chapel,” Dean said.
“It's OK. It was a dumb question.” Dean realised that his refusal was going to lead to this becoming a
Castiel waited. “Castiel, I mean… I mean, I guess I should’ve seen it coming. Like, I should’ve known. You always did want to hang out with all the guy friends I brought home. And there was that time I walked in on you and Uriel and you both looked like you’d just –”
“So…” Dean said. As though a spell had been broken, Castiel turned to Dean.
Castiel was glad that Charlie was the one questioning him, because
“Oh my god, it’s you! And that’s what you look like!” Anna said, when the room had finally fallen quiet, and everyone laughed - even Cas smiled.
“Can you believe,” Charlie said, “some people were actually saying you got married?”
“I’m hungry,” he said.
Dean shrugged. “About three years.”
“You know what was the worst part of my life there?” he said. Dean looked as though he was fighting back a little smile as he rearranged himself on his chair, to face Castiel a little more.
“Dean…”
“Mmm – mmm,” he managed. “Mm – Dean, don’t – don’t stop, I – I’m – you can – go faster, I’m going to –”
“Alright,” he said. “Fine.”
“So you can put it back, right?” he says. “The grace. You can go get it and put it back?”
“Hey, uh. You know you can talk to me, right?”
“I’m gonna need to throw up again,” Dean said.
Now Dean’s face dropped.
“Hey,” he replied easily. “Uh, I was told you were looking for me. Sorry to interrupt, everyone.” He flashed another one of those easy smiles - how did he do that, be so charming without even trying? Castiel watched him and watched him and couldn’t figure it out. There was a general pleasant dismissal of Dean’s apology, everyone seeming pleased to see him.
Dean, a step below him, watched Castiel turn to face him.
“No,” he said sharply. The night might have been a blur, but he’d remember that. “We must have just said what was necessary to make it legal.”
“No,” he said. “My brother.”
This was who he was. This was who Dean was.
"So, you're going home to patch up your suit?"
She paused, and then frowned.
He was approaching the door to the teachers’ lounge at an alarming speed. He should at least have something vaguely prepared, shouldn’t he? Otherwise he was going to end up handing Castiel the milkshake without a word and walking off, like when he’d handed over the wallet before, like when he’d frozen up inside the movie theatre. What should he say?
okay but why is dean so legit good that i’m crying though
“Then come,” Dean said.
“Right,” Dean said. And Castiel left the room.
“And then he asked me how I know so much about fighting, and I said I learned it in the library,” Sam said. “I mean, watching all those archived videos on karate definitely helped, so.”
Castiel fell silent. The moment hung awkwardly. The politeness with which they’d treated each other so far through the morning, a courteous mutually-agreed-upon illusion, splintered.
“You can come round,” Claire insisted. “Okay?”
“Look,” he said. “How’s it going to be your first good date if you have to pay for it?”
“I just don’t do this,” Dean said. “I’m not this guy.”
“We can still - I mean -” Cas said, and then there was another knock from outside. This time, it was Anna who poked her head around the door.
Hannah gave him an uncertain smile and then awkwardly walked away towards the car, ready to pick up another box. Castiel turned back to face the door of the house, a sturdy-looking thing made of the same wood as the walls.
Like the time when they’d gone swimming together with their friends, and the two of them had spent the entire time just sitting at the side of the pool talking, water droplets glittering in Dean’s hair.
Castiel doesn’t know how to answer.
There was no way out of the city now. If he went to any of the borders, the Angel guards would have him.
“OK, but then… wait, so, like, why didn't you just… say something?” Dean said. “If you weren't trying to be someone you're not? What was the point of hiding it? If you were trying to fake being a professional beekeeper or something just for the hell of it then yeah, I get why you’d hide it, but you didn’t even lie like that. You just didn’t mention it, I don’t get it. You didn’t have to hide it from me.”
“I’ve been pretty distant,” Dean said, stiffly, but trying. “I’ve been kinda cold. There was a lot I didn’t want you to know. More and more as I got older, and I - the guilt over not telling you, and not knowing how to tell you, just...”
The attendant shrugged in vague acquiescence, and turned away. Castiel turned to look at Dean, and Dean realised he was staring at Castiel with his lips just a little parted, his eyes too soft. He blinked.
“Don’t forget about the job doing forest things,” Gabriel said, all fake sincerity. “Very important.”
After some time, when he was ready, Castiel got out of bed. He began to make himself breakfast. The world felt just a little smaller and kinder and more careful all around him in the way that it could do, sometimes, in the light of a morning after a long night. While he gulped orange juice and waited for his bacon to sizzle into crispness, he kept looking back again on the evening before.
“So you thought,” Dean said, setting one of the burgers into the hot oil where it sizzled satisfyingly, “let me just move up to Maine, to a house in the middle of the Samarbeid.”
Through the series of question marks and exclamation marks in his mind, Dean could only just about manage to say in a tone of voice that was definitely flustered,
“I think it’s time to go,” Jody said. “Donna texted to say there was someone sniffing around your hotel so we’ll have to find you somewhere new, possibly, if they don’t leave soon. Better to get going early.”
“Shut up,” he said, but he was smiling.
“Look, you don’t have to watch it,” Charlie said. “But I have it here.” She unlocked the phone in her hand, and sure enough a YouTube video popped up on the screen, all queued up to watch. She’d come prepared, Dean thought wryly. “I think you should probably watch it for the first time without me, honestly. So you can pause it or whatever, and not have to, like… think about what I’m thinking about when you watch it… just think your own thoughts. It’s how I watched the Harry Potter movies for the first time and I guess this is on the same level of importance, so.” She put the phone up on the car’s expansive dashboard. “I’ll just leave that there. And I’m gonna go and talk to Bobby about his dumb website. And you can come find me when you’re ready.”
Singular,” Ash pointed out.
“I’m fine,” Castiel said. Across the table from him, Jody and Donna traded a glance.
“Charlie, I swear. I need it for… for Castiel.”
“Tell Sam I love him,” she said. “Tell Sam that Jess loves him.” And then she fell backwards, and away. The darkness enclosed her, embraced her.
“So. This is what you spend your time doing instead of coming to parties.” Castiel put his head on one side, still looking out over his own front yard as Dean watched him. “I do see the appeal.”
Dean snorted, and held up his hands.
He turned, and almost walked over a woman with long dark hair in a ponytail, who was carrying a bowl of baby carrots. Sam made a noise of surprise and offered an apology, which made the woman smile.
“Really? You don’t want…” Dean held his hands out loosely.
“Are you sure that’s necessary? I read that you only need to do that if the faintness is caused by low blood pressure,” Cas said, his voice a low rumble. All Dean could see was the denim knees of his jeans and the wood of the stage floor. Everything felt wavy and full of movement and too big, somehow. Cas’ voice was like a rock in the waves.
“The bathroom is there,” Castiel said helpfully, pointing with one hand towards the door.
Dean watched him. He didn’t know what to do but wait. If he ran, now, he was pretty sure Castiel would call out and everyone would look and they’d all see him making a break for it, back to his own house. If he waited, then in all likelihood Castiel would say something anyway, and they’d all come and stare at him through the window. But -
“I can’t imagine my life without you in it,” he said tightly, after a moment.
“I only do pictures with the mask,” Cas said.
“Lemur?!”
“But so tender and sweet when he sings softly. I love when he hits those high notes,” Anna said. “Like in
They didn’t go to the bar, in the end. They found they had enough to do without going out.
“She’s really that bad?”
“Donna,” Dean heard Cas say in the makeup room as he walked down the brightly-lit corridor, “could we just have a moment?”
away, leave Dean alone, find somewhere else to be. But he couldn’t, he can’t, not until he knows for sure that Dean doesn’t feel even slightly the same way – and he can’t ask, because as soon as he knows Dean doesn’t feel the same way, he’ll have to leave. The thoughts chase their tails in Castiel’s head and he stares and he stares at Dean and he hurts so much that he wants to hit his own chest just for the distraction of a simpler pain.
“Cas –”
“Right,” Castiel said. He glanced over at Dean, who was focused on Jo, his expression the kind of blank that meant there was a lot going on underneath.
“It was -”
More than wanting to do those things, though, Castiel really wanted to go to sleep.
“I tried to stop the trucks but there are too many of them and I’m no good when they’ve got so much metal and it’s everywhere, I can barely get near them, and they’re all so – their minds, they’re from the city and they don’t believe in me and there are so many of them, way too many, it’s – it’s like a wall, I can’t get in – they’re gonna kill him –”
Dean’s hug was warm. The quiet around them was like a greater embrace, keeping them safe as they held onto each other. Castiel could feel Dean’s chest moving as he breathed, a little choppy with distress even though he wasn’t crying.
“Email,” Castiel mouthed back.
“Yeah. Yeah, we can do that.”
“Cool.” Dean hesitated, and then took another plunge. “Do you, uh - do you mind if I ask about your pronouns?” he said. “Which ones should I use?”
Mary turned to the front, to look at Lisa and her son.
Cas thought for a second.
he tried to say.
Quite suddenly, the street in Seoul was empty.
“When?” Castiel said, a little too loudly.
“No.”
“Um. About which part,” he said.
“How many times do we have to tell her,” Dean said.
“Oh! Right,” Dean said, the penny dropping. “He and him, please.” Why was he saying please? It had just come out. He wasn’t used to being asked his pronouns, even though he knew enough people through The Refuge who didn’t go by the ones they’d been assigned at birth. People tended to just assume they knew with Dean, and it was oddly nice for it to be open like that, even though he was giving the obvious anwer.
“Oh, fine,” Dean said. “Cut out the bit where Patience goes out of tune, but leave that in. Don’t you worry. I mean. It’s the beginning of the song, so it’s not like you had a lot of choice, but… okay. Come on.”
“There’s no chance you’d get away if I didn’t.”
“And y’know was – was – what’s the best part?
“Hey, Ash,” Dean said, making himself grin; he’d been absorbed in the little world that he and Cas had made, forgotten that they could be seen and touched by other people for a minute.
, she said.
Dean could feel Castiel’s eyes on him, but he didn’t meet them. He’d thought he’d reached the peak of embarrassment in his life fifteen minutes earlier when he’d been caught with the remote control, but it turned out there were new depths of awkward to explore.
It was all wrong. His tone was all wrong. It was aggressive, and blunt. He sounded outright angry at the idea that Cas might actually want to go on a date, and that tone didn’t even vaguely map over the ridiculous leap in his chest at the idea of a date together.
Castiel watched Anna’s face. As he stared them down, he watched their face blanch, their mouth fall open. He pulled the shadows back in. Stuffed the hurt and anger back into a soft human body that wasn’t made to carry it, that was being held together by sheer force of will. In a moment, it was gone.
“‘Cause,” Dean said. “That’s just how they voted.”
“You do too,” Cas said.
“Complaining? No,” Dean said hastily. “No, I’m just, uh. Just sayin’. It’s pretty hot. Look, the sunset’s supposed to be real nice tonight…”
“Not yet,” Dean said.
“What? No, you can’t just -” Sam said, sounding taken aback. “Look, if I sound - it’s just a surprise, and -”
“Get out your textbooks,” he said, and he could hear the defeat in his own voice.
“Why are you here?” he said instead, and it came out rudely, his tone blunt. Jo blinked, and stood up a little straighter in defense.
“What?” Sam said, and Dean could hear the laugh in his voice. But there was an edge there, too, of seriousness. Sam knew Dean well enough to know when a dumb question was just a dumb question, and when it was something else. Dean lifted his head up.
“No – thank you.” There was a pause, and then Sam said, “Look after my brother, would you?”
Touching? Dean could already feel himself starting to cringe.
“What are you doing here?” The man’s voice was deep and not unpleasant, and his tone didn’t sound aggressive so much as urgent, but he was still a strange man in Castiel’s kitchen who had apparently broken in. Castiel moved closer to the knife.
“Uh…” he said. “Okay. I’ll just…”
The cameras flashed and clicked as Castiel stood in the kitchen of Saint Crispin’s, peering out the window with a cup of tea in his hands and watching Dean and Lisa posing together on the front porch. So far as Castiel could tell from his angle, things were going awkwardly, but they were at least going.
“Yes,” Castiel says. Dean visibly relaxes, shoulders easing under his coat. Castiel wants to put his hands on those shoulders. He wants to reach out. He wants to touch. He wants, wants, wants, and it feels like still growing, it feels like still changing, it feels like being alive. Like being himself.
What was it that he’d said? Something about Castiel being hot. And – Dean covered his face again.
Castiel looked to Dean, knowing that this was when it was supposed to happen: this was when the groom turned, and saw his bride-to-be, and smiled at her or cried or visibly realised how lucky he was. Watching Dean, Castiel waited for the moment to come – but Dean stayed resolutely facing forwards. Sam, beside him, had his hands in fists.
She was assuming that the conclusion the press had come to was wrong, then. She wasn’t even going to ask them if they were married.
Castiel swallowed.
“I mean it,” Dean said. Meeting Cas’ eyes felt like a rekindling of their warmth, their electric magic connection. “Let’s go.”
“But I… no one ever… I mean, it’s just in stories that you hear about things like that. It’s like something from a book. But it was just there, in the house. Real skin and bone, and…”
(See the end of the chapter for
No. It was stupid, wasn’t it? It was a stupid idea. It was ridiculous. He wasn’t cut out for it. He wasn’t anyone’s romantic hero, he couldn’t fix this like he was in a movie, he wasn’t – he wasn’t – he’d already screwed it up, he was a mess.
Dean, on a Zoom call with Castiel, grinned down at his phone.
the revenant said.
“He does? Then why…?”
“Anyway. Gonna get cleaned up,” he said. Was Castiel the only one who could see how fixed that grin was? Surely Charlie would suspect something. But she nodded, and started to back away.
There’s just Castiel leaning forwards, and seeing relief and happiness break through on Dean’s face like sunshine for a second, before they kiss.
“Simple enough,” Dean said, poking his head back around.
“Just kill me if you’re going to,” interrupted the attacker.
, said the revenant, as though she’d heard.
“Well… yeah,” he said. “Yeah, it is.”
> i’ll put u in an immersion pool and cradle ur head
“It feels like I'm being stupid to trust you sometimes,” Cas said.
He followed the soft path of a carpet in Corelian blue that had been rolled out from the door to midway up the hall. At first, he did so without thinking – and then his brain connected the dots, and he stopped to look down at the carpet. It was clearly supposed to be the grand walkway for Dean and his new bride, returning from the cathedral to the Palace for their grand reception.
“So… what are your pronouns, then?” he said, in a voice that was way too casual and totally wrong, but the woman’s - person’s - expression brightened into genuine happiness when he asked.
“You don’t care that I’m gay?”
“Good?” he said.
Dean managed a pained half-smile.
Not bad. Not bad at all.
“Huh.” Dean had known about Castiel’s charitable causes, of course he had - was it possible to avoid knowing about them, when they were so frequently reported on - but he hadn’t realised that Castiel gave so much that he wasn’t living the typical celebrity lifestyle.
“Yes.”
“She’s good,” said a quiet voice from behind Dean; he whipped around, and saw that Cas was standing there, watching Patience out on the stage. There was something touched in his eyes as he watched, and Dean could tell that her voice had moved him, too.
He heard the panel whir softly to life - and felt the usual quick jab of happiness pierce his mind. The nex balanced brain chemistry as a feature that couldn’t be disabled. Castiel fought back a smile, clenching his jaw.
most impressive tree.
“Prince Dean!”
He felt his heart sink. If he’d just managed to get out of the way before the pictures started, then Lisa would have had enough space, and Charlie wouldn’t have had to tell her to step forward. Castiel was ruining this for Lisa, ruining it full stop. The cameras were still flashing, but quite suddenly Castiel couldn’t stand it any longer. He turned around, and opened the door to Saint Crispin’s, and walked quickly back into the house. No one to ask, no one’s hand to squeeze – he went.
Castiel blinked. Some of the tension seemed to go out of his shoulders.
But Dean didn’t want that. What seemed like freedom to Castiel would feel to Dean like losing everything. For Dean’s sake, Castiel had to set aside this anger, the persuasive rage that was telling Castiel it would be a good idea to smash some of the nice dishware currently sparkling on the elegant dining table, and make a hand gesture at the Queen, and then make a bid for the door.
Had Castiel broken in, and stolen them? The wild thought was quickly dismissed by a quick glance down towards where Dean had left his sets of lights the night before - still there. So, Castiel had got his own, and they just happened to be the same as Dean’s.
Castiel covered his ears.
because God, if Cas texted back to tell him that he felt uncomfortable with Dean speaking to him that way or that he didn’t think of Dean that way - Dean didn’t feel like tonight was the night he wanted to handle being told that. And more than that, he didn’t want to make Cas uncomfortable. It’d be worse if Cas didn’t like it and then didn’t tell Dean to try to be polite, and Dean couldn’t tell what he’d done. He needed to do something like that in person for the first time so that he’d be able to see if he’d messed up.
“You could’ve told him you weren’t kidding,” Charlie said.
The reaction was instant. Guests drew in gasps, Conversations flared to life. Garth knocked into Castiel, and then Gordon put one hand on his shoulder. Mary was stock still in her seat, her attempt to stand aborted by Dean’s words.
He tried to think of something to say, and came up empty. Dean raised his shoulders, looking perplexed, and turned away.
Bobby raised his eyebrows, but said nothing. Dean could feel eyes on his back as he walked away towards his car, the cold air shuddering his lungs, and the thoughts in his head reverberating. He hadn’t thought Bobby even remembered that there had been a time when Dean hadn’t wanted to come to work at the garage. The life he lived there was easy, it was normal; he made good enough money and he was lucky to.
“This isn’t what I –” Dean cut himself off, and turned away. Sam was watching him, an open compassion on his face that Castiel knew Dean would have hated if he had seen it.
His eyes were moving over Castiel’s face. Castiel sat quietly, letting Dean look at him, letting them both exist slow and unhurried in this moment. The familiar smell of salt water and cool sand was in the air.
“Dean,” she said, though she sounded a bit strangled, and Castiel couldn’t quite figure out the expression on her face.
Dean, across from him on the sofa, was leaning forwards with his legs a little apart, hands clasped between his knees, looking down at the envelope. Castiel stared at him for a moment, and then looked out across the sands towards the dawn horizon. The sun was peeking up over the sea, curious.
Once they were inside the car, the doors shut tight against the cold, Dean turned to look at Cas.
“Whatever, man,” Dean said, his own voice sounding like it was coming from another room. He didn’t feel like the person saying what he’d said.
“Leave it,” Dean confirmed, slowly.
“Ugh. Right.” Dean remembered the weekend when Charlie had been at her peak of anger at
Dean made a face, and Cas smiled again, but more confidently this time.
“So… see you tomorrow at school,” Dean said.
“Uh…” Dean hesitated. “Shit. Oh, god. Okay. Look, man, uh, buddy, I’m – I’m really sorry if I freaked you out with the whole scam thing –”
Charlie’d said. But didn’t she see how stupid that would be? How pointless? It was too late, anyway. He’d already blown it.
naw theyre both dudes though
Castiel kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him. His palms held Dean, kept him steady and close as he levered his body up in the places it wanted to be touched, finding friction against Dean’s weight above him.
“Dean, tell me that he knows you weren’t kidding about making it a date.”
“Wow.
, she said again.
“You… okay?” Dean said. “I swear, there’s nothing to be scared of. Come out and see.”
“We only just ate!”
A tall man.
It would have been so easy just to turn his head, and press a kiss to Dean’s lips. It was all that was missing, closeness between them. And with Charlie and Lisa absorbed in their own world in the water, with no one watching, it felt as though it wouldn’t even be wrong. It would just be a touch between two people. Castiel had imagined what it would be like to kiss Dean so many times, but it had always felt out of reach, impossible.
“Sorry that I – I didn’t last long –”
He took in a breath, and could taste a little salt on the air. He was near the coast, here, he knew – barely a few minutes’ walk, if the maps he’d looked over at the realtors’ office had been right. He couldn’t see the sea through the trees, but he could smell it.
“Dean, you said you’d do it today.”
His phone hummed in his pocket.
“Really? It’s a well-kept secret, then,” Lisa said.
sees my rating go up, it’ll stop him being so smug. C’mon, check the numbers.”
“It works okay,” he said. “Or it did.”
There was a flat circle hanging from the centre of the ceiling, on a piece of transparently thin thread. Approaching it, Castiel lifted up his hand – hesitated – and then touched it.
“I like cars. I fix ‘em for a living. I like pie, I like beer. I like to read, I guess.”
Dean gritted his teeth. Enough bullshit, he thought.
“Ca-a-as,” Dean moaned.
“Castiel’s money,” Cas said, as though that meant it wasn’t his, and Dean blinked to focus on listening to him. “From the tour and sales, things like that. Or from the views on that viral video, if you want to think about it that way. You waived all right to payment in your contract -”
“Right,” Dean said. “Right, right. Yeah. Uh, no. Not – um.”
And now Lisa was Dean’s new serape.
“– and a gaming den for you –”
“Late,” Cas said, and Dean left it at that. Patience’s voice started to fade a little towards the end, getting pitchy, but her last note was true as a bell and lovely. She was clapped uproariously as she left the stage.
“But… we need to be the same,” Castiel says. He wants them to be close like two leaves on a tree. Closer, two petals on a flower. No, closer still, not even two things. Just one, one plant, growing strong. He wants them that close, that inseparable, after so long being forced apart by fate and circumstance. No would-be gods or divine powers could set them apart if they were one thing. The same.
“I’m on fire.” Charlie made a vaguely fiery hand motion, and then she held up one finger and said, “But hold on. Before I ask anything else, and trust me, I’m going to ask everything else – but first… for tonight. What are you going to wear? Because like, you’re almost maxed out on friend favours for today, but honestly if it’ll help then we can go back to the mall and I can help you to –”
“Stay calm?” Castiel said incredulously. “Dean –”
“What did you get me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean said.
“Okay. Good. Me either. I just don’t want you to think that I’m sitting here wishing anything.”
said the little voice.
like something was happening here. But Castiel was – Castiel had ten chili peppers. Dean was a seven. Dean was a charity case in a nice pair of jeans. There was no way.
“I’m not gonna,” Dean said solidly.
Castiel sat on his sofa and wondered what to do. He sat still for a few minutes, and then went upstairs and found some spare bedding, brought down a large blue sheet and tucked it over the sofa cushions. It worked well enough as a kind of blanket, and it hid the stains.
And across the city, outside a little bar deep in a warren of streets, Dean was leaning against a wall and being kissed by Castiel. The st
“But –”
Beside him, Castiel was looking out, too. It was the first time they’d seen each other since the night in the Spire. Dean had been healing, and hiding out in the Mid, trying to be anonymous. Castiel, meanwhile, had been busy in the Spire. And in the Underlight.
Castiel looked down at their hands. Dean’s holding Castiel’s.
“No, Dean…”
“Dean…” It was Charlie, talking back to him. Their voices were only audible over the grumble of the plane as its engines died because what had obviously started as a muttered conversation was getting more heated.
Charlie said.
What Castiel had said – it had come out of his mouth easily, unflinchingly, like it was just facts. The
There was an awkward pause, and then Charlie said,
Plus, Dean also had to face Charlie tomorrow, who had sounded so angry and disappointed before she’d hung up that he doubted they still had a working friendship, let alone something outside of work. It wasn’t like he was ready to make nice with her, either. She just didn’t get it.
“I did,” Castiel said. “I do.”
it. So, when do you want me to come give my sweet precious baby brother a ride home? Should I leave now?”
The Hunter cocked his hooded head to one side.
“Weren’t you going into the bathroom?”
Eventually, Castiel cleared his throat.
Dean cleared his throat softly, and said,
“I expect they had an especially good murder planned this time,” Cas said, with pitch-perfect empathy.
Castiel, who had been making himself some coffee in his kitchen, pulled a face and wandered down his hallway with an empty mug in his hand.
Were they still talking about Castiel, or was this about Cas, Dean couldn’t help wondering - not even wondering, because there was no way all that had been about some random singer. Cas looked over at him, something vulnerable in his expression, and Dean smiled at him. “Maybe one day he’ll get it,” he said lightly.
“We didn’t have time to think about what we wanted,” he said into the quiet of the parking lot, when the car had passed and he was walking again. “All this time. Or maybe you did. But I didn’t.” He looked upwards, towards the iron sky. “And now there’s time, Cas, and all I’m thinking about is you.” He looked down. “I said that already.”
The revenant’s rattling breaths had slowed.
Dean wasn’t sure what to say to that, so he stayed quiet. He knew he should be thinking deep thoughts, like Cas clearly was, but all his mind could centre around was the press of their elbows together, the point of contact. The way it thrummed through him like a bassline, like his favourite line in a song.
There, on his fourth finger, was a band of gold.
Las Vegas.
Where the
singers, people who were professionals in the business and judges, just to get another man’s number? Was this what he’d become? Was this the guy he wanted to be?
“‘Course it is,” he said. “No strings attached.”
“We go back to the chapel,” Castiel said. “We go back, and we explain the situation, and we say that we need them to delete the record, or whatever it is…”
“But Cas…”
Married. Married to Dean Winchester. He was married to Dean Winchester.
There was a pause, and then Castiel said,
“What?”
When Gordon rang him up, Castiel pulled out his wallet, but Gordon waved him away.
He braced himself against the window with one hand, and put the other over his face. All this time - all this time, feeling this way and managing never to act on it, never to give himself hope, never to expect anything too much - and now here he was. Now he’d done this.
“This,” Castiel says, holding Dean’s gaze.
Castiel, windswept, heart pounding, gripped the edge of the car door. He looked back into the palatial and sterile interior of the Cullinan. He could crawl back into its beige comfort, beg Hannah to take him back to New York, beg Gabriel to take him in for a while, beg the realtors to put the house back on the market and sell it, fast, so he could beg a landlord to let him scrape out an existence in a mould-coated, rat-infested one-room apartment.
“No,” Castiel said. “No, it’s not that.”
“Could be fun,” he said.
It was the closest they generally got to telling each other that they cared. Dean could feel the intensity behind the casual words, from both of them.
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Married.
he was kissing
Or he could just sit back, and listen to Charlie and Castiel get started on talking about paint and sofas and styles of wooden flooring.
Jimmy. Short for James? Not a name that suited Cas well, Dean couldn’t help thinking.
“Christmas,” Jody said bracingly. “We were talking about Christmas.”
“Okay,” Dean said. “But I couldn’t change you on the outside.”
Somewhere quiet. Where he really wanted to be, right now, was just somewhere quiet.
“Okay,” Mary said. “Come on, then. Let’s go and find Lisa and make a start on that apology. Castiel?”
The next night, Castiel stood outside the door of a slightly shabby-looking apartment, and knocked.
“Like… c’mon, Cas, really? Like
Castiel eyed him narrowly.
“Get married that night.”
There were some half-hearted mumbles from the older teens, but Todd in particular yelled out in enthusiasm. As the kids grouped together for the ensemble picture, Dean managed to stand himself under the covered porch next to Castiel, who was ready to move forward and wait out of shot for the group photos to be taken. Claire and Kaia, however, were sticking together, and there was no space to move past them.
“Take a picture,” Charlie said, “it’ll last longer.”
“I mean…” Dean said.
“I wasn’t plannin’ on a party,” Dean said, sounding amused. “But if you don’t wanna, you don’t have to.”
“Okay.”
“Like… on the… cheek?” Dean asked.
“It’s
“What?” Dean said. “If you’re not a fan of bad jokes, I’m gonna level with you, we might have to call this early.”
With a roll of his eyes, Dean opened it. If he didn’t, Charlie would start making all kinds of decisions about their new place without him – and through all of this awkwardness, he still wanted to be able to have a say in the decoration of their apartment.
“I’m trying to think,” Dean said. “I’m trying to think.”
“My contract? Bobby, c’mon. I already told you, I’m not going anywhere -”
“Darling, I’m sorry, you’re going to have to hold. I’ve got one.” The chapel attendant gave Castiel a quick lookover, and then put his phone down on the counter between them. The lobby was a lot smaller than Castiel remembered from the night before – though just being here was bringing back more memories.
Through the door, he could see a narrow hallway with a grandfather clock at the end and a shabby red rug on the floor. Cobwebs matted the ceiling. The place seemed greyish, half-hearted, with only the dying afternoon light carving a surprised slice of wakefulness out of the dreamy gloom. Castiel gave himself the time it took to blink to gather his courage, and then stepped inside.
“Wait,” Gabriel was saying. “Wait. You’re kidding. You’re giving up already?”
; it had a lovely throaty quality, a perfect control. It was rock salt in a river of soft water; it was caramel and coal, each note rounded and full.
“Nice big smile, now!”
“Maybe,” Castiel said. “For me.”
Dean seemed to stop thinking things. Castiel was glad.
“I’m great,” Dean managed after a few long gulps.
a fact, and it might kind of feel like having a rock put on his chest just to say that to himself, but he just needed not to be stupid. Not get his expectations up. Remember that he was still, and would always be, his seven-chili self.
The pot he’d filled was bubbling on the stove, and he was about to add pasta, when a little voice in his head said,
The mantra in his head was almost helping.
“You left this,” he said.
“No, no. No. Seriously, Charlie. I mean it. It was just a bad joke.”
“Oh, God - was that wrong? Did I say the wrong thing?”
“What a talent.” Somehow, the words coming out of Cas’ mouth were just the right level of dry - not too biting with the irony. Dean wondered whether it’d be too much to ask if Cas wanted to go outside to talk for a while. Maybe he could just ask if he wanted to go get a drink together, to start off with.
Dean’s head-shake became more fervent.
“Yes. It was,” Castiel said, able to answer honestly. It really had been nice to get away from everything. All four of them had been so happy. Coming back to the palace had felt like waking up from a dream. In the car on the way back, Castiel had felt Dean move away from him, physically distancing them. The stony look had returned to his face. Castiel had felt the pit in his stomach open back up, wider than ever, as he realised that this was what the future was going to be. Distance, carefully and angrily maintained.
“It’s slippery,” Dean said, and wiggled his fingers temptingly.
The bar all around them exploded into cheers and claps, and Dean - caught unawares - blinked around at them and smiled nervously, suddenly in the spotlight - literally, a bright light had swung around to point its unforgiving stare at him.
“Well, what’m I meant to think, Cas?” Dean said.
What did he want - he wanted answers. He wanted to know one single good reason why Dean Winchester had been left on the streets of the Underlight to die. But he knew in his bones that there couldn’t be one. No line of thought, no excuse, could ever be enough to justify what the Angels had done to Dean.
Christ.
“Do you want me to…” Cas paused, puzzling it out. Dean watched him thinking,
"No skipping class to kick people's butts," Dean said, and Sam breathed out in irritated acceptance. "Man. Never thought I'd have to tell you to stop picking fights and focus on school. What did Coastal do to you? You couldn't wait to get away from the life down here."
“Gabriel,” he said.
Castiel kissed Dean again.
“Hey.” Dean took his arm, pulling him off to the side of a hut where things were quieter. The main thoroughfare of the market continued to heave and shift with the crowd, but beside the wood-panelled side of the stall selling snow globes, they had a moment’s peace. “Listen. About what I said, at the bar…”
“I know,” Cas said, “but Dean, your voice - it deserves to be heard. I really hope you’ll go… just think about it, OK?”
It was in the way they walked together across the hallway, through the first reception room and towards the breakfast room. It was in the way their bodies didn’t touch, not once, but were still somehow connected, moving in relation to each other. Castiel had never been so sure that there was something between them. He’d never hoped this much, so much it almost felt like certainty. Maybe the nightmare of the last few months, thinking he’d lost Dean forever, was over. Maybe the marriage that had been arranged for Dean wouldn’t really go ahead. Maybe his wedding to Dean would stand, maybe they wanted each other, maybe it was all going to be okay.
Thank you for your patience in waiting for this chapter! Things convened and converged in unexpected ways. I was writing right down to the wire for the DCBB deadline and I did make it, so I'm all locked and loaded and ready for art claims (augughhhhhhh). Also I went with my family on our annual beach holiday. The place where we go holds so many memories for me - I've had really good and also really bad experiences there, and I underestimated how hard it'd hit me to be there again. I offer these truths to the void in hopes of assuaging my own bad feelings surrounding not keeping my word about when I'd upload. Dear void, please be gentle. I know I'm a spork.
He’d check out this building first. If a fancy lawyer was coming and going from it, Dean wanted to know why. Was it some kind of drop-off point, or storage area? Only a big-time crime syndicate of some kind would be able to afford a lawyer like that, surely - it wasn’t going to be some backstreet nex-installer’s place, it was going to be the supplier, or something. Offices in the Up, and all the dirty work going on in the Underlight. But why would the lawyer need to come down here?
“Cas –” Dean kissed him harder, one hand sliding around Castiel’s back. Castiel sat up straighter, his body wanting tension, tightness, hardness. Dean pushed forward, further, further, until Castiel’s arched body was being pressed back against the sofa cushions, and Dean was over him.
“You hate country, too?” Hannah said, their eyes lighting up.
Down below, a little brown bird was pecking at his bird feeder. For the first time that day, rising in him like the sun, came happiness.
The words hung in the air between them, awkwardly spoken, clumsy, embarrassing. Castiel stared at him.
Castiel arched an eyebrow, quite clearly offering Dean’s choice of movie the same judgement. Dean tried to stare him down, but eventually caved and looked sideways for a second, the corner of his lips quirking in a small smile.
When he went downstairs, he raided the fridge and found that he was starting to run out of groceries. Today, he’d have to take the walk over to the store and pick himself up a few things to keep himself going, and maybe look to see if they had some kind of local newspaper, or any ads in the window for jobs in the neighbourhood. It felt stupidly prosaic, but he needed some money.
than enough. Dean followed Castiel into the house, stepping into Castiel’s hallway for the first time in his life, hearing laughter and chatter, smelling mulled wine and pine needles and rich, heady food.
“What?” Jody demanded.
“No one?”
Across the world, in the porch in Seoul, Castiel watched as Dean’s little typing bubble with three
Dean, asleep in the same bed, was facing Castiel. He had his mouth open and his hair was a mess.
It’s not going to work, Dean told himself.
“Nah.”
With a little clench in his gut, Castiel stepped under the cover of a dark doorway to get out of the rain, and pulled it out of his pocket. Dean’s name was on the screen, obviously. There was the usual leap of excitement, tinged with a familiar sinking feeling in his chest. Dean would probably be angry with him for leaving.
Dean’s jaw was tight. He raised his own left hand. A matching gold ring twinkled innocently in the light.
“My pizza,” he said.
There was a beat of silence.
> literally it’s up on youtube and i’ve watched it only like five thousand times already
Castiel reached out, and Dean’s expression seemed to ease for a second, but then Castiel only straightened Dean’s tie and set his hair back in place with quick, economical touches.
“We just don’t tell anyone,” Castiel said, feeling like one domino telling another that no one had to know they’d fallen down. But across the room, Dean was nodding.
Castiel fell silent. The tone of Dean’s voice was distant.
Why do you keep bringing up ten chilis? Is this some new form of slang that I just haven’t heard of yet? I don’t understand why every time we talk, chilis seem to come up…”
“Hello, Hunter.”
FIRST GOOD DATE? FIRST. GOOD. DATE.
“Hey, nerd,” Charlie said. “So?”
married, and –
Castiel gulped down the last of his tea, and went out into the corridor. The children of Saint Crispin’s were dressed up for the occasion, with even Claire wearing an ironed shirt. She caught Castiel’s eye and made a face as Donna tugged a brush through her thick blonde hair.
Castiel shook his head.
It's CRUNCH TIME FRIENDS and by that I clearly mean it's time to crunch on some biscuits, or cookies, or whatever you'd like to call them, because when we settle in to read a bit of fanfic it's nice to have a little snick-snack to accompany us. I'm going to be taking a short hiatus from posting just while I work on getting my DCBB draft ready for the deadline, so the next chapter will go up in two weeks' time on Friday 3rd August! <3
“I'm not any good…”
“When this is over…”
just do it?” Dean said abruptly.
And in his heart, Castiel had already known. Maybe he’d known deep down from the first time he’d met Dean, in the same way that he’d known he was going to take the revenant’s pain, in the same way that he’d known he was going to make the logging company turn tail and run, in the same way that he’d known back in New York that he was going to leak evidence in defence of a man he was supposed to be prosecuting. Because it was inevitable. Because it was who he was. Because if people were trees, decisions like this were his roots.
He looked so serious.
“I know,” Castiel said. “But is there really nothing that can be done?”
he thought.
“I feel like you could have tried just a touch harder,” Dean said, going heavy on the sarcasm, now. He could see himself in Donna’s wide makeup mirror; he had his hands loose by his sides, and his expression was pale under the powder, blanched by shock.
He frowned. The immediate urge was to taste it. The second thought was that it might be some kind of drug. But what sort of drug-user would leave their stash in a line, up against the glass of a window? Tentatively, Castiel raised his finger to his lips, and licked at one of the crystals.
“Do you think I could take the wards down on the house?” Castiel asked. “Just… I know her now. Jess. So maybe I don’t have to ward her off. If she wants to talk to me, she should be able to do that.” He was suddenly reminded, incongruously, of the open-door policy at Angelus. Office doors left open, so that employees always felt that they could walk in and speak to their boss at any time. He blinked away the memory. Even thinking about the office felt a thousand light years away from the tramping of his feet through leaves and the scent of the forest and the strange crackling sensation of being with Dean.
“Hey,” Dean said.
Dean let the smile that he’d been holding back break onto his face; at the sight of it, Cas’ face eased, the tension around his eyes relaxing. Even though they hadn't moved, somehow they felt suddenly closer.
Castiel leaned forward the few inches it took to lightly rest their foreheads together.
“What?” Dean said.
He waved a hand in front of his face, to try to demonstrate how he felt. It didn’t quite feel real to him that he was talking to Charlie, that she was there in front of him; it seemed as though any moment she was going to ask him to try on a wedding dress, or turn into an M&M, and he’d realise it was all a dream.
“That’s a lot of shit to deal with,” Charlie said.
Dean felt the sudden, intense impulse to throw the phone out the window, the tension too much. He remembered the phone didn’t belong to him, and repressed the urge.
“And… you’re okay with it?”
he said. Dean started typing again immediately, while emojis rolled in from the rest of the people in the chat.
Cas looked over at him for the first time since they’d come outside, and said,
He plucked notes out of the air at random, the rhymes coming to him as he sang. He played a bad chord and winced, shifting on the bed. His legs were starting to rise up into goosebumps now that they weren’t covered by the blanket, but he had more words floating into his head, and he carried on playing.
If he asked himself whether he wanted to chaperone a romantic walk between Dean and Lisa on the day before their wedding, the answer was a resounding
He walked through the garage on legs made of air. When he reached the office, he saw Charlie sitting behind the desk, tapping at the mouse of the big old computer with its massive monitor and clunky keyboard.
“I mean - but - it’s different,” Charlie said uncomfortably.
“I know you wouldn’t,” Castiel said. “But I’m still grateful.”
“I don’t know. I think… I think he saved my life. Took back what I couldn't hold anymore."
“You – you know the bit in Megamind,” Dean said instead, while a part of him died at the fact that he was making this reference. “Where, uh, where Roxanne finds out Megamind’s been lying to her all along and she walks away in the rain, and he just lets her go because there’s nothing he can say?”
“I guess I am,” he said.
“Good shit,” she said.
“But you held the door open for me,” Castiel said. “And you bought our food. That’s customarily what you do on a date, isn’t it?”
Crap.
Dean looked at him through the slowly lifting veil of his sleepiness, waiting.
He lowered his dripping white t-shirt, though it was more brown than white at this point. The spiders weren’t to be touched. Still, he could give the contents of the closet a wipe down, he thought. He hadn’t had much time to look at them properly, the night before. Just a few boxes stacked against the back wall, and some plastic bags all stuffed into one plastic bag, and –
“Because…” Dean said slowly. “They think you’re the hottest.”
At the palace, they walked up the stairs, holding hands. The few palace workers around kept their eyes forward. The old building welcomed them back with a touch of austere warmth. The two of them walked to the door of Dean’s room, and went in together.
“Right?” Dean asked.
"The auditions. You asked them to let me win, didn't you?"
What was he going to do? Tomorrow he had to face Castiel. What was he supposed to say? Or did they just avoid each other forever, now? The thought made Dean cringe, his stomach twisting. That feeling of hot-and-cold nausea hadn’t really left him, all day.
With a shake of his head, Dean said,
way?” he said. “Fine. I’ll do it. But you have to be there.”
There was a beat of silence.
Castiel jolted upright in bed.
“It’s okay,” she said.
“Damn. Signing up for a gym membership must be horrible with that last name.”
Dean stared at him. That asshole. Withholding his invites, thinking he was so much better than everyone, thinking he got to choose who was cool in the neighbourhood and who wasn’t. People around the place barely spoke to Dean because Castiel had decided he just wasn’t good enough to come to his parties. And there he was now, surveying his kingdom from the warmth of his house. Probably surrounded by amazing food and Christmas music and laughter.
Dean’s face closed.
The mornings that each of them had left in their lives, that finite number – a hundred, or a thousand, or twenty thousand each – how could they not spend them together?
In a sweater vest. A freaking
He stared out at the stage for a moment longer, and then looked over at Dean. Dean met his eyes. Something passed between them, unspoken and wordlessly significant and momentary, and then they turned back towards the stage.
“Dean,” Castiel said. “We have to do something.”
Into Castiel’s mind flashed a memory. Dean walking him down the hall, their hands linked. Dean growling,
“Good,” Cas said, smiling. “So... do you have a recommendation for me in return?”
If he was honest, he’d been thinking about Sarah when he’d bought them. One thing he hadn’t expected when he’d made up a fake girlfriend was how the fiction would start to change him. Like a story he was telling that had ended up telling him, just a little. Sarah had liked Versace and matching pyjamas.
“You’ll come back to the palace, right?” Dean said.
On the screen, Dean opened his mouth, and started to sing.
“Yeah?” he said, just a noise to let Cas know he was listening.
“Isn’t she bad for Dean?” Claire said immediately.
The revenant watched him. Her hands on his chest were firm. She didn’t reach for his throat, didn’t tilt her head hungrily.
“We’re good,” he said.
“It’s a kale smoothie,” Sam said, sounding half-amused and half-defensive. “I tried to make one for you last time you were in town. Remember?”
“We did it,” Dean said, through little gasps.
“I said, it’s very early.”
Castiel swallowed. Out of his control, he felt anger swell inside his chest. Dean was about to marry someone who wasn’t Castiel, and the hurt from it wasn’t just limited to Castiel himself – it was disappointing and hurting the people he cared about, too, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. And now a fifteen year old had decided it was time to take the high ground, because apparently there had been a little room in his day for things to get worse.
“Are you kidding?” Sam said. “Dean, this is a big deal. This is huge.”
be hearing them. His head was splitting.
“I get it. It’s OK.”
“I never said –”
Dean spread his hands out. Castiel was blushing even more, now, and Dean thought that he could feel himself going red, too. His heart was still going a mile a minute. And he couldn’t even tell if this was going well, or if he was being made fun of.
There was something so ridiculous about it all. The moment between them, the – whatever it had been, when they’d admitted their crap to each other – it felt so overblown to look back on. Sure, Cas had had to summon the Empty, he’d had to get all deep just to save Dean’s hide. But Dean… what he’d said had just been stupid. No point to it. Dean cringed when he thought about it.
And yet.
“No, I - I do stuff.”
“Well. Probably just stung because I notice myself doing it, and… just, like, it’s never ‘cause I don’t care what’s going on with you, you know? I just go off-track. And then I come back around and I’m like, crap, we just spent twenty minutes on my tangent thing when we were supposed to be on you, and… yeah. I’m not gonna do literally that thing right now by going on about this, way too meta, but… yeah. Just wanted to, like, yeah. I’m saying
The camera cut back to him, showing his face looking pale - almost chalky. It was bizarre, seeing the dawning confusion and the horror on his own features. Had it really been such a short time ago that Dean had had no idea that Cas and Castiel were one and the same person? It felt like he’d known forever, now, though he didn’t think he would ever be able to forget the swooping-stomach feeling of realisation.
“Okay, could you at least hit me on the other arm?” he said. His smile hadn’t faded. Because Castiel had said yes to another date. Castiel wanted to go on a date with Dean. They were going to go on a date. All those imaginings that Dean had been holding back… those were allowed, now. He could think of Castiel that way, because – because Castiel thought of him that way, too.
“No, I actually… I bought it.”
“You could just check the app yourself,” Charlie said.
There was a rustling sound, as though Cas were moving plastic bags around.
They fled. In the empty vestibule outside the main hall, Dean seized Castiel’s hand and dragged him away from the main doors out of the cathedral building.
counts as a good thing.”
“I’m alright,” Castiel said. He touched a hand to his chest. The pain hadn’t let up. “But I think I’d like to be alone for a while. If you don’t mind.”
The door down to the left burst open; it swung back so far on its hinges that it smacked into the wall behind it. Dean jumped, and Cas moved instinctively forwards, towards the noise, frowning - and then both of them relaxed their shoulders when they saw Jody walking briskly to stand down by the front of the stage, holding a laptop in her hands and wearing an expression of slightly harried excitement. She had colour in her cheeks, and she held out the laptop screen-first.
He wanted Dean to have arrived by noon.
“What do you believe?” he said.
“Why are you calling me?”
He broke off. As the two of them walked together, Castiel watched Dean’s face creasing as he tried to find the thing he wanted to say.
“I’m going to, uh - be performing something from Castiel’s first album…” Unlike Patience and Meg, Kevin muttered a few words into the microphone as an introduction.
By slightly narrowing of his eyes, Castiel asked a question in return. Dean shrugged.
As the rumbling grew louder, Castiel cut away from the coastal path and in through the trees. He was near, now. So near. The land under his feet was quaking. The trees were waving their branches fitfully.
He looked over at Cas, just a half-glance away from the road - but it was enough to see Cas’ eyes flicker away quickly to stare out the window.
“It, um - it feels like that acknowledges that I’m not always the same gender. Even though I’m always the same me,” Anna added lightly, crossing one leg over the other and folding her hands neatly.
“More than being an international superstar?” Dean said incredulously, and Cas shrugged. “Well... look. Right now, we’re just here to have fun. We can talk about whatever you want whenever you want, but in the meantime, we can just hang out, right?”
“Why did you come?” he managed to say.
“It’s the loveliest province in Corelia,” Lisa said, smiling at him. “Or at least, I think so, but I might be just a bit biased. If you ever decide to visit, let me know. I can give you the tour.”
“Now it’s perfect,” Cas said, finally.
Jo closed her eyes. She counted to ten. She made the effort to loosen her grip on the ph
Castiel looked down at the forest floor. The fallen leaves there moved over each other so easily, pressed against each other. When they were crushed underfoot, they only pressed closer. Castiel wished people could be like that. When something weighed on them, it would always press them nearer.
Castiel’s expression was so familiarly exasperated and loving that Dean felt his chest squeeze.
“Your public is waiting,” Dean said, and looked up at him with a touch of defiance. This was it. Cas was going to go out there to meet his fans, and Dean was going to have to head out and walk away. Not because he wanted to - God knew he didn’t want to - and not because he thought Cas was a bad person or even a thoughtless person or a person who would often be selfish, but just because there was no way that Castiel’s life had room for Dean in it. Castiel’s life, which necessitated lying to be truthful, and pretending in order to be real - it was too complicated, too much. Castiel did nights off, not days together. And Dean couldn’t be his on-and-off respite, his way to come up for air, his irregular crush; that’d be the worst.
“Don’t you take that off,” she warned. “We’re walking through the scene as it’ll be on the night and that means you won’t be able to help Dean with what to do by making a face at him. You can take it off once we’ve walked through it. Dean, honey, good to see you. Oh my god, donuts?”
“If I’m lucky,” Castiel said. They were speaking quietly, up close.
“Tell them we’ll pay them,” Dean hissed, and Castiel waved harder.
“Are you sure?” Hannah gave him an awkward half-smile. “The audiobook is a Terry Pratchett. He’s so funny. Maybe you’d enjoy it.”
like.”
“This!” Dean said. “You being all silent, not wanting to… I don’t know. Just shutting me down.”
“Go get dressed,” Dean said. “Meet me in the hall in a few.”
On either side of him, other guests were shuffling in anticipation. To Castiel’s immediate left, he could see the bony knees of Garth. Had Garth tried to talk to him? If he had, Castiel hadn’t even noticed. Dean was facing the front, his shoulders stiff. The urge to stand up and run to him and pull him away from it all was so strong that Castiel clenched his fists, hard, to stop himself from moving.
doing last night?”
Castiel said.
He cut himself off.
“She said… she thinks you are ready to be married,” Castiel said. Dean’s face creased, looking conflicted.
“Right, right, because you’re an asshole too. Got it.”
“Sam brought you here,” Dean said. Castiel looked over at him. Dean was kneeling on the ground, his four legs folded beneath him. As Castiel watched, the muscles in his animal torso shifted under the fur.
“Yes. At every party, I’d look for you.”
Embarrassing. Embarrassing to be alone and so angry. Embarrassing to have lost his job. Embarrassing to be himself, right now, to be the person having to tuck his tail between his legs and run away from the city that had been his home for almost a decade. He needed to go and fetch the tape, but somehow doing so felt like losing.
“Huh. That’s why I couldn’t ever get through one without seeing you.” Dean glanced over at Castiel, and grinned. “For the record, I thought I hated you. And then - you know, in your room - and I was like, uh. Maybe I really
He smirked, and Castiel’s body hurt with wanting to kiss him.
What if he
“It’s just that, hell, man, you never had to take the grace out to have… you know… anything you wanted out of me.” Dean looks uncertain as he says the last part, as though a little disbelieving that Castiel could want anything from him in particular. “You know that. Right?”
he mouthed.
“Can I…”
“Brushing you… the plane?” Castiel managed to echo, now completely lost. Jo let out a little laugh.
“Just… if you see someone taking pictures of you, call me. Don’t try to talk to them, don’t confront them. Remember, any reaction you have plays right into their hands. They shouldn’t find you, but if they do…”
They kissed again – and then again. Each time they pulled apart one of them chased it, and the other kissed back as though relieved not to be the only one wanting it, wanting more. The rain pelted down over them, and Dean could feel it dripping down his face, could feel the wetness of Castiel’s hair under his fingers as he pushed through it, could feel his clothes starting to cling to him as they got drenched. He didn’t want to move. He didn’t want to go anywhere.
“Did Jo say something to you?” Charlie said. Totally absorbed in her own thing, Dean thought. No clue she’s said anything wrong. He bit back a sharp retort, breathed out slowly.
“Yeah… ?” Charlie said.
“It was country,” Charlie said, sipped her lemonade. She wasn’t even looking at Dean - she was watching Jo, across the room. Dean pressed his lips together, and looked back at Cas and Hannah, who wore similar expressions of consternation.
"Okay, well, maybe you could help me get to the nearest elevator -"
He looked around the hallway a little helplessly. The doors to the outside world were just a few steps away.
“You,” Castiel said. The certainty in his voice, the look in his eyes, left no room for doubt. He knew what he was saying. And he was saying it to Dean.
After more time, he started to gather his things for the wedding, and to go to the bathhouse. His fingers stiffened and purpled as he worked. The anger had drained out of him when he’d hit the wall, but pain fuelled its resurgence. Was he really going to trot along to the bachelors’ trip and then to the wedding, like a good little guest? Was he going to tuck his tail between his legs, and follow along, and act as though any of this was okay?
- all of that had happened before during a kiss exactly never. He’d had his share of kisses and they’d never felt like that. A whole-body experience. And whatever, it was just a sensation, it was just a reaction to being touched, probably it was just because it had been so long, but… Dean swung his leg more quickly, frustratedly. He wanted that touch again. Dizzying, dazzling, desperately good, and the thing was, it was sure
“You let that criminal get away.”
Castiel realises only when it doesn’t come.
“Maybe that should be my new nickname,” Cas replied, giving the poster a complicated look before turning back to the box full of classic records.
“You good?” Dean asks, seeming to sense Castiel come to a conclusion.
Megamind had been lying to Roxanne the whole time and that’s why he had nothing to say. But you didn’t lie to Castiel at all. You just each had the wrong end of the stick, kind of? Right?”
“A couple times,” Dean said. “He asked.”
“Funny thing is, you completely missed some Harry Potter up there.” He met her eyes. “
and leaving the place hating himself.
They grabbed the bags of food and headed across the sheltered parking lot, making for the stairs up to Dean’s apartment.
He was climbing up the walls by day three. There was something about only having himself for company, only his own face in the mirror to see and only himself to talk to, that seemed to flick some kind of switch in his brain. When he took his one piece of exercise a day, he made it a walk instead of a run so that he could go slowly and smile at people as he went. Him. Dean. Smiling at people on the street. Exchanging small talk about the weather with them.
“Wouldn’t mind living with a creature or two, then,” he said.
“I’m glad you told me,” Gabriel said, “and I’m glad you’re okay.”
He reached over and picked up his phone again, this time swiping across the screen to check his notifications. Just a message from his coworker at the library, Meg, about a new TV show she was getting into and wanted him to watch, and several texts in his work groupchat. It felt good to be able to swipe away that notification, and look forward to the ten more days that he’d booked off. Working in a small library was mostly living the dream, but he’d had a suspicion that after Las Vegas, he wouldn’t feel like working for a while. He thanked his past self for being more right than he could have possibly known.
“Leave it?” the Angel said. He was in his usual getup, dark blue leather and a tight mask that covered his lower face and altered his voice, along with deep black eye-tech that covered his sclera, making him look wild and uncanny. It was the typical Angel uniform, only he didn’t wear the usual hood - kept his head totally uncovered, short dark hair on show. Dean was never sure what colour it was, exactly. They only ever met in the Underlight, where you could barely tell what anything really looked like in the murk.
“This wasn’t already a date?” Castiel said.
want?”
“Cas,” Sam said.
“Believe it. She’s all action on the surface and a cake-making fiend underneath.”
For a second, they stared at each other. With the immediate horror fading slowly, trickling away like black bathwater down the drain, Castiel found himself really looking at Dean for the first time.
“You could,” Dean said. He grinned. “Probably you should. It was a great joke.”
No, that sounded too dramatic. He needed to strike a more clinical tone. If he came across as conflicted about the wedding, maybe they wouldn’t help him undo it.
Thank you all so so much for reading and being here and sharing this story with me. I am filled with appreciation for you, dearest reader. You are beyond compare. Have a good week!!
“You good?” Dean asked Castiel, eventually.
The cars pulled up to the Mariport Palace, and Castiel got out with his heart heavy and his eyes heavier. All he wanted to do was sleep. On the ride from the airport Dean had sat beside him, the pair of them quiet and subdued like the time they’d had to wait outside their headmaster’s office in primary school for throwing paint at a wall.
“Dean?”
“What is it?” he said.
Cas should have someone there at Christmas, Dean thought. Someone should
“Sarah,” Gabriel said slowly.
Castiel’s head snapped back.
Castiel sat in the back corner of the sauna, his eyes closed. A towel was slung around his waist. He breathed in the steam.
With a sinking in his stomach, Dean realised that Ash wasn’t going to let this one go. He was coming back to try to persuade Cas to go up and sing, not realising that the problem had nothing to do with being shy or closeted or shut-up, and a lot more to do with trying not to be recognised as an international pop star. Dean waved a flat hand across his throat, signalling Ash furiously to stop, but Ash was like a single snow plough heading for a mountain glacier with total determination. There was nothing to do. No way to stop him. Nothing except -
“Um. Tombstone?” Castiel clarified, and Dean realised that he’d been staring into his coffee without answering.
had come out of her mouth.
“Yeah. It’s always good to know when your brother’s a bigamist.”
“No, I get the – Dean, you – okay,
Castiel thought of Dean kissing him. Thought of him walking away.
“Right. That’s what the kids are calling it these days, huh?”
“Yes.”
Dean stood, unmoving, behind the corner of a tall metal building. He waited, eyes open, listening. In his hand, the shine of a gun.
Dean and Castiel kept walking, and the women’s voices faded into the distance. But now that Castiel had been disturbed from his inner thoughts, he found himself paying more attention to the people around them as they walked: shop owners unlocking their doors and calling out greetings to each other, parents taking their children for early-morning walks, dog-owners strolling next to their pets.
And it was something ridiculous. Dean wasn’t actually taking this seriously, was he? Those computing classes couldn’t be focusing in on hacking as a topic, if he was this clueless.
she replied.
Castiel had never been to this bathhouse before, with its ridiculous price tag, and had no idea where to go to get out. He felt panicky, furious, lost. He chose left, and walked away from the sauna room; just as he rounded the corner, he thought he heard the door open again, and he moved faster. If that was a bachelor coming to try to drag him back, he’d commit assault before letting himself be taken back in there.
He swallowed. He looked down.
“I already have,” Dean muttered.
“Won’t tell us where you two went last night,” Ash said. “C’mon, Castiel, spill it.”
The first strains of organ music sounded. Castiel winced, and followed everyone else’s lead in getting to his feet.
Castiel had thought that he… looked good?
“What? Oh. Yes.”
He strummed a chord, and then another.
“Sorry,” Dean said, “that was just -”
He and Dean were married.
Dean smiled, and opened his door.
what if I’ve started a conversation that’s gonna take us down that road again?”
“Yeah.”
which had the word
“I think I’m bulletproof today,” Dean said. “‘Cause I honestly don’t care, except that it’s hilarious. There isn’t even anything to say. Just… damn.” He shook his head.
Dean felt like he was going to throw up. Somehow, after all this time, he was here in this moment. This seesaw swinging second. It had rushed up on him after so many years of creeping towards it; suddenly, he was here.
He stared down at the text for a second, and then deleted it, and tried instead,
And Dean lifted his head, suddenly, and in a movement so fast that it was less of a lean and more of a lunge, he surged forward and pressed his lips to Castiel’s.
“Catullus would have played that song on repeat for days. I’m convinced of it.”
“Now.”
it. Mr Ten Chili Peppers wasn’t a fraud. He probably deserved an eleven.
Castiel sat up, stretched, and got out of bed. He couldn’t lie around lost in thought. He knew he could talk himself into and out of stopping the wedding all day, and it wouldn’t do any good. The plain fact of it was that he was going to end up sitting in the Mariport Cathedral tomorrow and watching Dean marry Lisa, because that was what Dean wanted. Or what he’d decided, at least.
Except, of course, for Dean.
In a big, soulless grocery store, Dean hovered in an empty aisle under the strip lights, and stared at the racks of magazines.
“I hope so,” Castiel said. “I hope so.”
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted. The one word, spoken in a tone that was harsh with how little Castiel wanted to interrupt, made Dean step back another pace. “I’ve had an email back from the lawyers in Nevada. They said there will be some difficulties with the paperwork, but given who you are, they’re going to be able to make it work.”
“Because he shouldn’t be engaged to the Duchess,” Claire said.
What could Dean say? All of these years of silence, all of the hurt, all of the worrying and thinking and arguing with a ghost, and the whole time Castiel would have said yes. He would have been there. He just hadn’t known. He tried to reach for words and nothing came. He tried to parse his own feelings but it was overwhelming.
“Seriously? Name one,” Dean said derisively, and then realised he’d essentially just begged for a compliment, and was opening his mouth to roll it back – but Castiel had already started talking.
What was it about him that had people rating him at ten whole chili peppers?
He cleared his throat. That was a bad train of thought. Sam got off work at four, he knew, and usually went straight home, so if Dean called him after his work ended at five, then he’d probably pick up. That would probably be the best time to ring him and ask about Cas, and tell him about - everything.
“Remember what?” Castiel said.
“I don’t know what you mean,” he said, deliberately making his tone flat and calm. “Are you alright? Are you lost? Do you need help getting to your home?”
“Seriously,” he manages after a moment. “What about it? It’s your grace, Cas.”
When Castiel woke up the next morning, he lay back in his bed.
In the mirror, he watched the droplets run down his cheeks. He looked into his own eyes.
“I have had enough,” said Cas, “of doing what’s expected, when it is not what I truly want.”
“Sure.”
Or the time Dean had cooked Castiel a full three-course meal when they were fifteen, and Dean was still thinking he could make a career as a chef work on the side of his royal duties.
“You could always stay the night,” Castiel said. “If you didn’t want to drive so far again.”
And then he noticed it. Right above Castiel’s head.
And then groaned, and squeezed them shut, because the curtains were open and the sun was up, and the light skewered directly and horribly into his headache.
They stepped out of the airport building and onto the tarmac, the sun glaring down at them. Castiel squinted, looking over at Garth as they walked the short way to the private airplane ready to take them home.
.” He held out his phone. It occurred to him, suddenly, that this might not even be a bad thing. Maybe Dean would shrug and say it didn’t matter, they were just trees, more would grow. But there was some deep pit inside him that knew what Dean’s face would look like once he had proof, and –
“You were amazing,” Hannah said generously. Dean met the eyes of Jody across the table, who raised an eyebrow at him, and sipped her beer. Dean looked down at the table to hide his smile.
“Does this mean,” he said, “you don’t want to get married to me either?”
“I wouldn’t…” Sam shrugged. “You know. It’s nothing, Cas.”
“I’ll… I’ll go, then. And see you out there,” he said. “I guess.”
Dean’s hand drops Castiel’s. The loosening of his grip is a slow-motion whip crack across Castiel’s chest.
“She chased away everyone. All the goodness. And the fact she even exists means nothing I believed in was real. She’s nothing but hate. She’s – she steals every good thing. There’s nothing to do but hate her. You
to be a mistake. Surely he was just feeding into this man’s delusions at best, and actively putting himself into the hands of a violent stranger at worst.
at kissing - and then Dean stopped thinking about where he was and what was happening around them altogether when the guy carefully opened his mouth just a little, and Dean felt the guy’s tongue brush ever so lightly against his lower lip.
There was a long, long second of silence.
Dean’s phone buzzed in his hands.
expected it. He should be enjoying this. She’d flirted with him the last several times they’d met each other. Dean tried to feel in the mood for it.
He looked up, around his lounge. The lounge that had been the same after he’d seen Castiel again three days ago. The lounge that had been the same after Dean had seen Castiel’s private messages. And the lounge that was still the same, even now, when he realised Castiel had seen Dean’s.
At the bottom of the stairs, Castiel took in a breath. He could smell pizza.
Wait. What? Dean checked over what he’d said himself in his first text, just to be sure he hadn’t made some kind of a typo. Nope, he’d definitely just asked if Cas was up to date with the artifact.
“Oh,” Charlie said. “Oh, shit. Also. There’s one more thing I should probably tell you.”
“Yeah.” There was a moment of dead air. “Hey, look, if you want me to put in a good word for you here with Balthazar… he’s always had a soft spot for you. And you’ve been saying for years now that you should make the move over to us… Celeste and Celeste is a great firm.”
There was an immediate scramble for the platter. Castiel, more on instinct than anything, stuck out his elbows and made a grab for a flour-dusted roll and some prosciutto. Across the table from him, Krissy narrowed her eyes and plucked out the roll next to the one Castiel had taken.
“I’m so glad. It almost makes all the conversations we had about optimal carriage temperature worth it, doesn’t it, Dean?”
“Life in the Up is so taxing,” Castiel said drily.
A loud, cheerful jingle filled Castiel’s bedroom, and jolted him awake. For a few dazed seconds, he stared around the dark and curtained room with a sense of déjà vu; apparently, his life was now waking up in strange rooms and not understanding what was going on.
All this time pulling away, suppressing, hiding in his own house - keeping most of himself locked up behind plain and empty walls, thinking that Sam wouldn’t notice, Sam wouldn’t care, Sam wouldn’t see the difference because this was who Dean had always been to him, just a plain old car guy and not much more. But Sam had seen. Sam had known.
Castiel’s head jerked up, but Balthazar met his look of panic with a smile.
ashausdhauidhaui the way he looks at him jfc is this ALLOWED?
Castiel moved closer, wanting to greet Sam too. He walked past Jo, who raised her glass to him as he passed, and he smiled at her in return.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “A good thing I brought them. It’s not as though I could watch much television here.” He gestured towards the clunky square of television squatting on its table opposite the sofa. Dean looked over at it.
“Fuck, yes – can you – my –” Dean broke off when Castiel’s fingers explored, stroking the tender skin behind his shaft. “Ohhh, god. Oh,
“Even through clouds,” Castiel offers.
Castiel breathed out.
Dean breathed out, a little shakily.
Castiel looked up at him, and wondered if Dean could see it all on his face. The hurt, the sadness, the absolute trembling fury in him.
With a nod, Castiel followed as Dean led the way. His heart was beating hard. Had Dean just checked him out? And the things Dean was saying… the fact that this was all happening while they were married… they were
“Oh.”
“OK. Maybe I have what you need. What song were you going to sing?” she asked.
Castiel heard the toilet flush and the tap go on as Dean washed his hands. It was strange to think about it, after so many years of taking their comfort around each other for granted, but Castiel felt suddenly aware of their ease and their closeness. They could exist so comfortably around one another. They always had. And Castiel didn’t have a lot of people like that, and he didn’t think Dean did either. The awkwardness and anger of their argument was gone, dissipated under the pressure of a mutual catastrophe.
“Yes, of course, as soon as I bring your attacker to justice. I need to -”
“Because,” he said. “It’s mine now.”
It was raw and strange and oddly helpless to see his own emotion so clearly written all over his own face for everyone to see, but at least it was a true emotion. A real one.
“I…” Castiel felt cold, all the way through. “You’ll still marry her, then.”
“Indeed,” he said. “And where better than over frozen yoghurt.”
Castiel’s phone made a noise, the one it made when an email came through.
“I think you should,” Castiel said, and he stepped forward. A ripple went through the hard-hats as they noticed him for the first time, and Dean swung around. Castiel met his eyes, and nodded.
“Really,” Castiel said, “I’m fine.”
“Ash says hi, by the way.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Charlie scoffed, clearly trying to sound matter-of-fact through her tears. “You have to fire me.”
“I don’t get much prettier,” Dean warned her with a grin, starting to head off down the aisle.
ago. At
"Do we? Really? Do you really give everything you can?"
“You seem distracted,” Cas said bluntly, but not unkindly. “Are you alright?”
“Oh,” he said. “I see. That – that’s why you…” He cleared his throat, and seemed to try to pull himself together. “Thank you.”
said his brain.
to see. Under the pic, Dean could see the comment Jo had read out next to the handle
From where she’d been standing in the shadows, Charlie came forward.
“Yeah. Tell her that,” Charlie said, and her smile was a bit frail.
Here, the silence was different. He didn’t mind it. Without the rattle of trains and the jabber of humanity and the pounding of their footsteps, with only the rustle of the leaves and nothing else, with nowhere he was supposed to be and nothing he was supposed to do, the silence didn’t hurt to hear.
“No, I - it’s me, I just -”
“You know what? I’m blocking her,” Jo said.
Dean nodded. He was breathing a little fast. His gaze searched Castiel’s face, partly seeming to be looking for something, partly seeming already to have found it. People were stepping around them to get inside the mall.
“Oh. But still in Manhattan?”
“I know. All this time on the road in heated trailers has made me go soft. Suddenly fifty degrees is feeling like thirty.”
Dean grinned, though the Angel wouldn’t see it behind Dean’s own mask.
He heard an impressed whistle from behind them.
Castiel stopped. He turned around. Gordon – who, now that Castiel really looked at him, had a kind of orange glow in his eyes and an inhuman lightness to the way that he moved – came closer. He held out a packet of mints.
“I could,” Castiel said. “Like…” He considered, for just slightly too long.
But so what if Charlie was right? So what if Dean wanted something to happen? It wasn’t as though Castiel would want to hear anything from him, not now. It was all already too late. He’d blown it before he’d even got his head right about any of it.
“Sure.” Dean stood up, wondering if it was too forward to want to take Castiel’s hand again as they left. It probably was, if Castiel wasn’t initiating it. Dean made up for it by walking a little closer to Castiel than he normally would, just so it felt as though they were moving together as a unit through the theatre, out into the main entrance and then through the doors to the outside world.
“I understand. Look... if you can’t trust me because of this, that's more than fair. If you want to just walk out the door, then you can. Of course.”
“He’s thinking of removing his nex,” Anna said, plowing on past the joke, determined to tell Dean what was on her mind. She tapped her own as she spoke and made the lights on it dance - a silver plate on the side of her head, usually hidden by the fall of her hair. “Tell him he shouldn’t even think about it.”
“Two out of two people in favour of your outfit,” Charlie said, and then shrugged. “Can’t argue with a one hundred percent success rate.”
Dean’s eyes travelled from his father’s face to his mother’s.
And as much as he wanted to try to just be in the present moment, in the woods beside Dean, he couldn’t stop the feeling that rose up in him. He missed when they could just be stupid, and it felt like they always would be able to. Like they’d always find a corner at the fancy party of Dean’s life to laugh in. Or just talk without laughing, because they did that too. Or sometimes they’d just sit together and not say much at all, and Castiel would only sit and lose his mind just a little over Dean’s shoulder brushing his, or the way Dean’s jacket fit him, or the look in Dean’s eyes when they glanced at each other. Or, or, or. There had always been an or, another option, another time, another thing they could do or might do later.
“Sorry.” Castiel lifted his head off the wall, and then dropped it back again, a little jar against his senses. After a second, he said, “I can’t be something on the side for you.”
As soon as he’d said the words, he cursed himself. He could have said he wasn’t happy, bought himself some more time to tell Sam. But who was he kidding, he thought, as Jody nodded and looked away. He’d only spend that time chickening out all over again.
“Good morning,” Castiel said, walking over to his desk and setting his briefcase down on it. There were murmurs in response. Dean narrowed his eyes, watching Castiel closely. He looked assured up there, it was true. But he was wearing just a shirt and tie today, nothing special, and Dean couldn’t see that he’d done his hair particularly carefully; in fact, it looked pretty wild from where Dean was sitting. There was nothing about Castiel that screamed
“Excuse me,” Castiel said.
“Do whatever it is you normally do,” she said. “Because you’re the only one who might help who he even slightly listens to, so.”
The way he’d phrased it, or maybe it was his tone of voice, was a teenager asking his crush if they could have a second date. And Castiel thought that he had to be the only one who would have heard it, the only one paying attention to himself that much – except Dean raised an eyebrow, and his smile returned, a little more winning.
“I made her up,” Castiel said simply.
What if Castiel hadn’t been told the name of the lawyer by the Angel of the Underlight.
In their place was skin. Dean’s skin, a smooth expanse of chest and muscled stomach.
“I’ll let you know,” Dean promised.
Dean’s touch was still on Castiel’s skin. He was lingering. Castiel could feel his heartbeat pounding.
“Hello,” he said, his voice low and rough with dehydration.
And then, up at the front, Dean’s shoulders relaxed. Audibly in the silent space, he let out a breath. And he turned around, and his eyes locked with Castiel’s.
“Where are we going?” Castiel asked.
“Yes – yes. I need…” Castiel felt it come together in his mind, dovetailing neatly. “Ah.”
she said.
Just the mention of a video had made Dean’s heartbeat tick up again; he consciously slowed his breathing and closed his eyes. There was the sound of footsteps, and then a glass of water was being gently nudged into his hand. He took it, but didn’t drink.
“They do?” Mary said, sounding surprised. “I didn’t know Dean went there with you.”
“I came out to my brother,” Castiel said. Dean’s face went soft.
Castiel lifted a shoulder.
His eyes flicked to Mary, who gave a very slight nod of approval. Good enough, then. Castiel glanced back to Lisa, unable to bear thinking about looking at Dean.
When they were together, and when they were several thousand miles apart, too. It was there. Never any quieter or gentler, not even from far away. It always touched the same place in Castiel’s grace that it had done from the start. And the feeling of it was just the same, too, like being doused in oil and dropped into flames that reached and hoped and hungered.
Castiel slightly raised one eyebrow.
it, and Sam was still here, he hadn’t hung up.
“You’d seriously be okay with just keeping on trying forever?” He said it as if it were a joke.
Dean swallowed hard. He heard Charlie take a steadying breath.
“Maybe it was a fake… ceremony,” Castiel said desperately. “Maybe it’s not even legal.”
Somehow, everyone seemed to find this very funny. Cas looked surprised, but not unhappy about it; his eyes, though, kept flicking to Dean, and then away.
“Are you kidding?” he said.
He got into his car. It was true that in the back of his mind, he always thought of the garage as a kind of temporary solution to the problem of needing money for a place to live and things to eat. It wasn’t a vocation, it was just… it was work. He’d done it since he was 18 and he’d pretty much exhausted all the challenges it had to offer; yeah, it was boring sometimes, it was cold in the garage sometimes, Dean had found himself dreaming that something new would turn up sometimes, sure. But it was work, and it kept the lights on. If he tried to figure out something else, something he liked more…
“He is?” Dean said. He frowned. The room came fully back into focus, everything suddenly sharp and clear. That didn’t make sense. Cas had told Dean himself that he wasn’t going back to Alaska, and he wouldn’t ever want to, because he didn’t get on with his family there. He’d said it on the first night they’d met, that he’d be spending Christmas alone.
“Uh, same,” Dean said. “Except, I’ll have, uh… uh, the salted caramel milkshake.”
Castiel took a seat on the sofa, and after a moment Dean came and dropped down beside him.
Not that he’d have left before he saw Dean, obviously. He needed to see him. He needed answers.
“Why is he going ahead with it? Why didn’t he tell me? He was looking at you like the world was ending and he’s never even said a word to me.”
“You just said you didn’t care.”
He was circling back around towards the mall, his footsteps pointing him towards home. He looked heavy, weary. The lines on his face were deep, and his eyes were unfocused, lost in thought.
“Hey,” Dean said, coming back towards him. “Tell.”
“Come on,” Dean said.
Castiel used his body, turning Dean, pushing him back against the window and pressing in closer. The noise Dean made - he seemed to like the manhandling. And Castiel liked the noise.
Anna gave him a slightly odd look.
Dean’s face dropped.
There was a beat of quiet.
It didn’t make sense. He’d been menaced by a monster the night before. He’d faced his own mortality. And yet – it was undeniable.
The words were so little like something Dean would ever say that they might as well have been in a foreign language.
He knew he should go back. Leave the clearing. Tell Dean what happened when he stepped inside, ask him what it meant. But the tree was so close, just ten steps or less, and Castiel knew he wouldn’t want to come back into the clearing again once he’d left it.
“You were invited,” Castiel said. Dean snorted. As if Castiel inviting him just now really counted.
Nick Munroe said. “You keep
There was silence on the end of the phone.
He’d been able to feel those evenings twisting him up, embittering him, darkening him.
Castiel blinked and looked away quickly.
They stared at each other, at a heated and intense impasse for a few seconds, before Cas dropped his gaze.
He peered out of the window, into the gloom. Night was almost total, now. The forest looked lumpen and strange, and he could hear creatures starting to sing somewhere out in its depths. Maybe tomorrow he could go and look for them. The shrieking and calling wouldn’t sound so eerie if he could see the thing that made the noise, and know it wasn’t so big and bad, not really –
They were silent for a short time, that turned moment by moment into a long time.
Castiel, the hottest professor on campus, was sitting across from Dean and saying that Dean was – was – on a different level of attractive?
“But what about
“I thought…”
“I don’t know why I got these,” they said, looking flustered.
So Dean could… he could go in tomorrow and tell Castiel that he hadn’t been playing a joke on him.
