He frowned. “It’s a,” His sentence was cut-off by the sounds of his family coming home.
Dean looked flustered. “Dude, you don’t,” He shook his head. “You don’t just start changing in front of another dude.”
“That is Emily. A reaper. She was assigned to you, I believe by Billie.”
Rowena smirked. “Death can’t hold me.” She said almost proudly. “So you are looking into the Empty.” She placed her hand on Eileen’s gun. “Lower that, Dear, I’d rather it not go off and risk hurting someone.”
“I will get your drinks and a coloring page for the little guy.” He headed back up to the counter. He got the drinks and a kid’s coloring sheet. He spotted Sam who walked out of the kitchen and sent Alex on break. Sam then made a be-line right for the table with the woman and child.
The next day, Dean woke up with the sun shining in his eyes. He groaned as he rolled away from the sunlight. He looked at his clock which told him it was eight in the morning. He frowned as he sat up and rubbed the drool off his face. He usually didn’t sleep in this late. He got up and grabbed some clothes from the closet and put them on leaving his nightclothes on the floor in a big pile. He stepped out of his room and smelled coffee.
He flinched. “I’m sorry we,”
“Oh, I uh, hired him.”
“I wish you could see your self-worth.” He whispered
Castiel stared at the flowers. Butterflies danced along the blooms, a bumblebee was busy pollinating. It was a lovely sight. He felt Dean staring at him. He looked over at him. “What?”
He looked at him, eyes red from crying, tear stains down his cheeks. “Th,” He cleared his throat. “Thank you, Dean. I truly do feel better for talking about it.” He rubbed his face. “You had a right to know since we are sharing a living space.” He smiled weakly
“I love you so much, Dean. I just want you to know that.”
Dean focused on his erection straining in his pants and the small wet spot forming. He cupped Castiel’s dick as he reached over him for the lube.
“Well, I hate Cindy, she stole my boyfriend from me and you and him would be cute together. Two birds one stone.”
“Yeah.” Dean said
He gave him a thumbs-up as he ate.
He shook his head. “It was more like family. I couldn’t… I didn’t love her romantically at all. I barely had sex with her I,”
“Yeah sure.” He dusted off the leaves off a picnic table as he sat down.
Dean scoffed. “Whatever.”
“No, don’t I’ll pay for them.” He handed her the money with a sigh and she handed him the vase.
“Personally,” Dean started as he lifted the sheriff’s head. “I’d gank your ass on principle but you know what, you going to jail will be just as satisfying.”
“It was my plan. I was about to fry him a burger.” Benny walked off to man the grill.
“Oh really?” She said sarcastically. “Gee I don’t think I noticed since my dad became a vessel for an angel and my mom vanished and,”
He shrugged. “I doubt anyone is going to report us about killing that guy plus the ranger does live next door I’m sure if someone came sniffing around she could distract them.”
“I don’t understand that? I’m not even having corn flakes, and you served me so if there is urine in my food it’s from you.”
“I’m human now, Dean, I could die from eating dinner.”
He nodded. “Yeah… well, I wussed out when you got here. I was scared that… you… so I thought ‘hey let’s see if I can get a rise out of him’.”
A slightly earlier than usual update. I now officially have this story done. Now I just have to edit and post it. This chapter is shorter than most of the others but do not fear, the next one makes up for it.
Dean shifted uncomfortably. He thought he was going to have to save Castiel. He stepped forward and licked his lips his mouth suddenly dry.
“This all this?” He gestured to the flowers and the typewriter. “The gifts and everything,” He sighed. “I just… I don’t want you to feel that I’m smothering you. I know you had a hard time with your ex… I worry that me being this… overboard that I’m going to scare you off…”
Dean watched him as he shifted through the stuff making a note of what he saw. This was Castiel’s past… looked up in a tote persevered forever. He could see a few toys, a yo-yo, an old stuff dog, and some clothes. He wondered how Chuck managed to get all this stuff in one box.
She nodded. “Yeah, it’s fine. Um, Lucas is in the back with Jack. I’m just finishing up on dinner.”
Dean took his hand and he stood up. He immediately wrapped his arms around Castiel and covered his lips with his own. Now that he had him he didn’t want to let go. He kissed him. He kissed away all the fears and doubts they both had. If Castiel wanted forever he would do his best to give him forever. Dean nodded towards the hall where their rooms were. “Want to continue this in private?” he asked
He followed his instructions quickening his pace. Dean made all sorts of noises that filled the room. Dean thrust up quickening up the pace. He watched as Dean’s face grew redder and redder. “I’m going to… Cas, I’m so close.” He groaned
“I want you.” He took Castiel’s hand. “I have wanted you for years now. For years I wanted you. I just… I never thought you felt the same way. I never thought you could feel the same way because you are an angel.”
“We just had pie though.”
“She means a great deal to me.” Castiel said. Dean could feel him studying the side of his face. “She’s been a dear friend to me and a good judge of character.”
“It’s nice.”
Castiel looked at him his head tilted. “You look good in shorts by the way.”
“I… it’s not your fault, Cas.”
He could do it. He could take a step back. The biggest bad was gone now… no one was writing up new ones. He could do it. If he really tried. He could go home, find a job and leave this hunting behind. He chewed on his lips. How would Sam feel about it? He scoffed to himself. Sammy would be elated. Yeah, Dean could take on little hunts like Donna and Jody do, stay close to town, and not drive everywhere. He might be bored at first but he could get used to it.
She stuck out her tongue. “Why not?”
“I’m feeling a little sick.” He confessed
Castiel smiled as he sat down.
Satisfied, Dean flopped over beside Castiel. He pulled him to him and kissed him in the haze of orgasm. “I love you.”
“Sorry.” He said. He had a towel to his hair and a towel around his waist. Dean found himself staring at his pecks and at the towel around his waist wondering if he could will it to just fall to the ground. “There’s uh, no shampoo in the guest bathroom.” He said as he clung to both towels for dear life. Dean watched as Castiel’s face turned crimson.
He shrugged. “What?”
He huffed out a chuckle and rubbed the tears out of his eyes. “I still feel like an idiot for even wasting three years of my life with him. All the signs were there I was just too stupid to see them.”
for a bit”
“Whatever you want, Cas. I want you to be happy.”
Chuck’s mouth fell open as he looked at it. “Congrats, Cas, I can’t say I’m exactly shocked… I just figured you would ask first.”
“No, I like you too. I have for a while I just… made assumptions about you.”
“I… I want to have fun. Not that I don’t want to… have sex with you I want…”
“Thank you, Dean.”
Dean slid the ring on Castiel’s finger and Castiel slid the ring on Dean’s. “I wanted this to be something special. That’s why I didn’t want to go shopping with everyone.” He kissed him again this time more deeply. “I wanted you all to myself.”
“The hell are you yelling at me about?” He glared at her. “This is Sam’s wedding and you can’t,”
“Morning, Cas.” Dean greeted. “Get yourself some coffee. I’ll make breakfast in a minute.” Dean was acting as if nothing had happened last night.
“No, it’s not fine.” He huffed. “I… you deserve better.”
“Thanks, baby.” Gratitude washed over him. He wished he could shower Castiel with love right now but he didn’t want to give him whatever it was he had. He probably already exposed him to it though.
“Name’s Crowley.”  Said random demon muttered.
“Here, let’s get that off it will tarnish in the water anyway.” He removed the necklace in question. Dean suddenly felt naked with it gone. Well, he was naked but he felt even more naked than before. Losing the weight of it around his neck felt weird and Dean wasn’t so sure he liked being without it.
(See the end of the chapter for
They walked outside of the office to a back deck that led to the golf course. “Dude,” Dean started. “We got to come up with some names.”
He looked at the hand and smiled. “I will stay, Dean. I will stay for you and be by your side.”
Castiel arrived at his office the next day with his coffee in hand feeling drained. He just wanted to go back home and go to bed.
“Well, see the kid died last year.”
“Did you get the honey?” Sam asked which startled Dean out of his thoughts.
He arched his body up and groaned as pleasure shot through his body. “So good, Cas, you’re so good.” He chanted. Castiel pounded into him, filled him so full he could only think of him. The room was filled with the sounds of them fucking. The creaking of the bed and their moans echoing off the walls and he was glad no one was home.
He smiled. “Okay, Sam.” He texted Cas back and told him it was okay and asked if Sam could come. Castiel approved Sam coming. “Cas said he is really looking forward to meeting you.”
Dean chuckled. “Good to know.”
“Okay, whatever.” He laughed
Dean laughed. “Yeah, but real trees are a pain in the ass, plus a fire hazard.” He stuck in a branch spreading its needles. “This will look good once we get it up.”
“I might just do that.” He laughed
Castiel held out the Santa. “I always loved this Santa. Thank you.”
“Geez, Cas, you take the whole shelf?” Dean teased
“No,” Sam’s face turned white as he stared at the gaping hole in the shirt. “No,”
“You slept through the whole night, Dean.” He told him ignoring his second statement as he fixed the bed.
“Well, be surprised. I am the sheriff.” He sat at the desk. “Mostly in name though. My deputy handles most of my work for me now.” He shrugged. “The name is Mike Freely.” He put his feet up on his desk. “So what questions do the mighty FBI have for an old sheriff?”
Dean looked up to his family. “How about we all gather around the tree and open our presents? But first I got to get out of this wet suit.”
“For what? You’re my friend of course I’m going to get mad when some bitch is messing with their head.”
He smiled and Dean’s heart flipped. “Thank you. Do you want breakfast? I could make us something.”
Dean’s cell phone rang snapping Castiel out of his deep thoughts. “Can you get that?” Dean asked
“He does.” Crowley smirked. “It’s so stinking cute.”
His mouth inches away from his neck. “Yes, Dean?”
“Cas,” Gabriel said with a wave. “Is mom done talking your leg off?”
Castiel shot his mother a hard look then nodded. “I accept your apology. However, stop bringing up what I’ve done and treating Dean unfairly. Okay?”
She frowned as she sat down her mug. “Jodes was a bit sparse on the details… what exactly happened?”
“Alright, you’re here early this morning.” Dean laughed.
He looked back at their interlocked hands. His green eyes met his.
He nodded. “Yeah, Sam sent me the details.” He said as he pulled out his phone.
Sam and Rowena walked into the kitchen carrying grocery bags. “I got everything for dinner tomorrow.” Sam said as he laid down the bags.
He frowned. “Okay, Cas.”
Dean walked in behind him as Sam worked on buttoning up his shirt over his undershirt. “You nervous?” Dean asked with a smile
“Friend?” He hissed. He didn’t want to hear that word from Dean. That word stabbed his heart like a knife. Dean only wanted to be friends. No matter how hard Castiel tried, Dean was satisfied with the status quo. He had thought they were bonding, evolving into more than friends after long last. “Of course I am just a friend.” He grunted. That would be all he was to Dean, wasn’t it?
He felt a wave of nausea hit him again. He suddenly felt tired. He ran his hand over his face and felt the warmth radiating off of it. He wanted to lay down. He looked at Castiel and thought about excusing himself from dinner but decided against it. He wanted to spend this time with them and make a good impression. Then maybe they would be able to do it again.
“I know, I,”
“So, Dean,” Naomi started. “Since we are having the celebration dinner is there anything you would like to have?”
I hope everyone enjoys it.
He sighed.
Afterward, Dean and Castiel returned home. Castiel stopped Dean in the living room. “I uh, should call my siblings and let them know. Unless mom and dad already told them.” As soon as those words left his mouth his phone rang. He pulled out his cell and laughed. “I guess they did.” He answered the phone and walked towards the back of the house.
“Big talk for a fat old sheriff!”
“Dean! Dean!”
He smirked. “I remember you telling me that, during our long chats. So what got you this time?”
“No, I mean it, I am in love with you, Cas. You said… what you wanted you can’t have. Well, that’s a lie. You can have me. However you want me. You can have it. I’m fine with it. I’m handing myself over to you, Cas.”
“No, I just will change classes.” She sighed.  She headed for the door when he stopped her. “Dude, come on I’m going to miss my bus.”
“Yeah, see things like this… dad never did with us. Bobby you know, he’d take us fishing but things like that not so much.” He sighed.
She smiled. “This spell has to be performed by a human.”
“I’ll have what he’s having.”
“Dean,” Castiel started
He sniffed at the mug and frowned. “I don’t like tea.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why not? Me and Dean care about each other.”
“I realized if… if I hadn’t been so stupid and gotten with Dreck,”
He hung up the phone. He took Castiel’s hand. “Come on.” Castiel clung to him as if his life depended on it. They headed to the car. Dean opened the door for Castiel. He sighed as he helped him in and headed to the driver’s side. He worried he would lose Castiel after this. That Cas would see his brother and that would be it. He would be gone and never come back. Dean rubbed his face. No, it was not the time to be selfish. Castiel had a family searching for him. He couldn’t hide him from them. He slid into the driver’s side and started the car. He headed back to the restaurant he would see how this played out very shortly.
“Nah… your love feels like… I don’t know it feels great.” He couldn’t put an exact word on how Castiel made him feel. He lacked the words for it. He knew he loved him, he knew it was love but it felt deeper more meaningful than anything he had before with anyone else.
“Well, I like almost every genre to an extent. I can’t say that I like one over the other. Though I will admit I usually find myself on the pop music station.”
“Cas,” Dean said when he managed to get his mouth away from Castiel. “I thought you wanted me to help you get clean.”
“Let me talk, Cas, if I don’t get it out now I may never do it. I put it out of my mind for years and years. Cas couldn’t feel that way for me. I told myself. Anytime you did something stupid, you were a smartass, you were just you, I felt the pull.” He licked his lips and let out a noise that Castiel couldn’t identify. “I feel it so much, Cas,” he smiled. “That night in the barn when you almost died I just kept thinking ‘I could have told him’ you were willing to go with me to fight Amara, you… when we hugged when I came back and before I left… I could have told you and… I worry that life isn’t going to give me another chance.” He sniffed. “I told you I needed you, I… I suck at words and I’m scared… scared that I will lose you again but…” He looked into his eyes, tears floated in them. “I love you, man.”
He stared into his eyes. Panic flashed across them. Dean feared he went too far. Castiel had been through a lot and Dean had never gotten the nerve to just ask him for it. He always was afraid he would turn him down and being rejected would hurt like a son of a bitch.
He smiled. “We’ll work something out, Cas.” He squeezed his shoulder. “How about you have dinner with me and my wife… get to know Kelly. It would mean a lot to me.”
Castiel quickened his ministrations. He watched Dean throw back his head as his mouth fell open to a soundless shout. His dick twitched and pulsed as thick come shot out of it. He was almost hard again himself. “Dean, that was,”
He was too busy staring at Dean’s ass sticking up. “Um, uh, yes.”
Dean could still the strain in their relationship but they were on the pathway to healing. He walked with the angel through the school as reality set in; they still had a town full of ghosts to deal with. He tightened his grip on Castiel’s hand as the town folk stared at them and muttered to one another. He looked at Castiel who smiled at him. They would find a way to fix this he just knew it. The path ahead may be dark and full of pain and misery but they would get through it as long as they had each other. The last shards of doubt faded. Dean now knew this was real. His feelings for Castiel were real there was no way they could be fake. At least now he knew there was one real thing in this messed up world they lived in.
Dean blinked. “So… you uh really like bees.”
He chuckled so lightly it was almost a giggle. Only Dean Winchester could make him giggle. “Oh? While that would be fun for both parties jogging can be an amazing experience. You get to enjoy fresh air, and see what nature has to offer.”
Dean licked his dry lips preparing to argue with him when the EMS workers stormed into the barn. He was shocked by how fast they got there but maybe they were nearby. A whine escaped his throat as Sam went over the details of what happened glossing over the details of vamps. Dean let his head drop off. Why couldn’t Sam see this was hopeless? He felt something squeeze his arm.
The older man rolled his eyes. “I may be old but I’m not ready for retirement not yet.” He smirked at him. “Don’t worry, son, one day you too will be old and some young gun from the FBI will get to remind you that you are old.”
Castiel looked up at him and shrugged. “I suppose.”
“Hey there, Sammy.”
“Soda for me,” Castiel said
The people around murmured in agreement.
“Hey, hey,” Dean started. “None, of that crying mess, okay.” He placed his hand on Castiel’s face.
“But you guys saved me.” She sighed looking at Dean. “If you guys hadn’t showed up when you did I would be in jail by now. I was so mad at him, but when he tried so hard to save mom.” Her voice cracked a little. “I… I could see it. I could see why my dad handed his body over to him. He’s… Cas is a good person.” She smiled. “Even if he was a little dorky.”
“He’ll be happy to hear that.” He gestured for him to follow and walked him up to a group of people. He laid his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Dean, this is my cousin Lucas. He brewed the beer.”
“BP is steadily dropping.” The paramedic said
He rested on his elbow and stared into Castiel’s blue eyes. “Yeah?”
He broke contact from his lips and removed his shirt. Dean stared at his chest as Castiel panted. He looked at him his expression hungry with want and lust and another emotion that Dean never saw on him before. “Take your shirt off.” He ordered
He frowned even more and Dean didn’t know that was possible. “Then you lied to Jack? Why?”
“It’s okay,” he stared at his lips before Castiel closed the gap. They shared their first real kiss at that moment. They returned the kisses, back and forth, they stood under the stairs holding one another kissing. Castiel never knew true happiness until that moment, that moment that he finally had his human, his Dean Winchester, the beautiful creature that he is in his arms.
. He thought. He took the honey and took a small bit of it. “Mmmm, that’s actually good.” He said
“We will.” Castiel said to her.
“Bro, why were you even thinking about it?” Gabriel teased
Chapter 21
Castiel blushed a little. “Thank you.”
“I’m good, Cas, how are you? You looked uncomfortable so… yeah.”
“Not an exact date it’s just a general idea. We already told Chuck and Naomi so,”
“My car needs an oil change you do a friends and family discount?” She asked with a wink
He blinked. “Dean, you don’t mean.”
Sam took her hand. “I’m Sam it’s nice to meet you.”
He felt his face redden. “N-no, Sam, I wanted you to…” He shook his head and sighed. He tried again. “His mother is going to go to the dinner and… well, you haven’t met him yet either so I was thinking that you could come with me and… you know.”
“My car please.” He begged
He shrugged. “Never know.” He played on his phone as Sam read. He still hadn’t heard back from Cas. He felt a pull at his heart. What if he got Claire in trouble? What if she made up something about him? He checked his phone it had been about forty minutes since the last text. He decided to try not to worry about it as he opened his e-book and started to read. He let his mind sink into the words as his imagination traveled in the book.
Castiel let out a small sigh as he stood up as well. He wanted to rest a bit more. He knew that they needed to get going to begin the hunt. Monsters wait for no one after all, but, he did want to continue enjoying this moment with Dean. Maybe they would get more chances for this after the hunt? He ate his chips finishing them off by the time they got to the car. He tossed his trash in the can as he got in the car with Dean.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, you and I are floating together.” He reached out and took Dean’s hand out of the sink.
“I know,” He took a bit of his food. “But,” He started with his mouth full of waffle. Castiel was always amazed by how bad Dean’s table manners where sometimes. “I felt great that morning so I thought I could do it.”
He nodded. “Told you, you would like it.” He headed to a table
The group of them cleared off all of the snow from Family Business’s sidewalk as well as Bobby’s bookstore. It took them a long time despite there being so many of them.
Castiel glanced over at Dean. “We haven’t decided yet. Um, I was wondering if… did you guys keep my stuff that I left at home?”
“Yeah, I need to. Poor Sammy has been manning the restaurant alone for so long.”
“Oh, okay.” Sam nodded
Castiel sobbed. “Dean, I…”
He looked up at him. “I love you too.” He blurted out. He chuckled. “Sorry, I… I wanted to make a speech like you did and here I am messing up the romance with,” His words were lost in Castiel’s mouth as the angel kissed him again. When they broke apart he chuckled again. “I guess you don’t mind.”
She shrugged. “Am I supposed to be impressed?”
“I would… I would like that a lot, Dean.” He smiled. He would like that a lot. More time alone with Dean sounded wonderful. He could keep him all to himself and not have to worry about another hunt or Sam walking in on them.
Dean stood in his office door as he watched the crew run around the kitchen. He smiled to himself. It was a good workday today. The family-owned restaurant Family
Now he felt uncomfortable. He didn’t want the Novak family to see him as some sort of savior. He just liked Cas. Yeah, he felt bad for the guy originally but inviting him to live with him was because he liked him. He wasn’t some hero he was just a human being.
“Near the trail?”
Castiel walked out of the restaurant with Dean hand in hand. The meeting with Lucas went a lot better than he expected. He smiled. He couldn’t wait to meet the rest of his family again. He looked at his phone. He wasn’t ready to contact them yet. He needed to have a plan in mind. He was someone who liked to know what he was going to say before he said it.
“Been busy, Bobby.” They hugged each other. “Sorry, I’m actually in here to get something for Cas.”
“Yeah, it…” He shuddered thinking about it. “Donna, I… I don’t know how I lived. It went through my back and got a lung. The rescue squad came, they cut it off and took me to the hospital rebar and all. I don’t remember much after that. I woke up in a bed, with stitches, a bad case of cottonmouth, and a worked-up Sammy.” He stared at his coffee that was slowly losing its steam. “I should have died, Donna.” He looked up at her. “I was… ready. I know… in this life, it ends in pain, and… it was my time. I know it was my time but I…”
“Here.” Dean called to him. His throat was dry and sore. He wanted a nice cold glass of water.
“Good. Now turn up here.”
They pulled into the parking lot of Hell of a Thrift. Castiel almost jumped out of the SUV to get in. He heard Sam chuckle at him but he didn’t slow down. He opened the door to the shop. Crowley looked up at him.
“I’m great.” His voice came out a lot higher than what he meant to. He cleared his voice and tried again. “I am great.”
“Oh,” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I just…”
“You know, uh, walk in on you two you know… having relations.”
“It’s just,” He shook his head with a chuckle. “It just now hit me we are going to get married.”
“Come, let’s return to the bunker so we can formulate a plan.”
“Maybe it’s just the guys are dating. So where are you from?”
“Yeah?” He called from the couch
“I’m thanking you for being you.” He moved his hand from his knee. Dean immediately felt the absence of his hand. “I… it usually takes me a long time to trust anyone. After Dereck and I started traveling I ran into a lot of so-called well-meaning people.” He crossed his arms. “You wouldn’t believe how horrible people are. I remember a few times people refusing to give me rides unless I gave them blowjobs…”
“Yeah, and thrift shops.” He noticed Castiel’s eyes light up. “Would you like to go to one?”
“Thanks.” Dean said his cheeks reddened which brought out his freckles. “We also need a tree.”
Castiel stared at it for a moment then picked it up and tossed it in the trashcan.
Dean looked down at Castiel who he was cradling in his arms now. Castiel had a smile on his face similar to how he looked when the Empty took him. Emotions hit him like a wave. “Cas.” He said softly stroking his cheek. He didn’t think he would ever get to see him again. He looked up at Michael. “Thank you.”
He yawned and laid back down on the couch. “So very tired.” He mumbled. Dean heard his breathing soften. Castiel had fallen back asleep.
He watched him. His blues deep in thought. Castiel was a fascinating creature. Dean got his own coffee and they sat at the bar at the front of the store and drank their coffee. Dean soon warmed up. He put his gloves back on. “Alright, if something comes up you guys come get me.” He nodded to Castiel who got up and got his winter gear back on. “Let’s go.”
He looked around. Castiel’s intense gaze went right through him. He felt guilty for even questioning the angel’s feelings. “Yes, I think you can’t… love. Love is a human emotion,” He was cut off by Castiel.
She frowned. “You wash dishes?” She glanced over at Dean. Dean wished he could have melted into the seat right then and there. “Graduated the top of your class and here you are washing dishes.”
“I will, you do the same.”
Chuck nodded. “Yeah, I got it all in a tot in the basement. Are you going to take it back?”
He raised an eyebrow at him.
“I wasn’t.” He thought it was cute but he certainly wasn’t going to tell him that. “Alright let’s get this done.”
Jack walked into the library. He had heard his fathers come home a few minutes ago.
He all but ran back into the living room. He slid on the freshly polished floor by the couch. “Hey there, baby,” He purred at Castiel who was still sprawled out on the couch.
Dean rolled his eyes and looked up at the sky as if to say ‘why me’ He tossed the bags on the ground and tossed Castiel the keys. “Load up I’ll get your coat.”
“I’m great.” He smiled as he sat down.
“Me too.” He finished his food. “You know… sometime we should go on a proper date.”
“September 18
“Which one is hers?” Dean asked. His question didn’t get answered as a short dark-haired woman came bounding up to them.
Castiel sighed. “Why don’t we just stay here? It would save on money plus mom makes one hell of a breakfast.”
“So… if we don’t get Cas out of there…”
“Need another one, hon?” The bartender asked
Dean felt his heart skip a beat. Yup, this had to be love. This was it. He was in love with Castiel Novak. He knew that without a doubt.
“Fine, Castiel, if the demon stays he stays. Let’s go get Gabriel.” Michael said
He blinked. “What?” Surely he misheard Sam. Surely he did.
Castiel smiled to himself as he watched him work. He felt eyes on him and he looked over his shoulder at his brother who gave him an all-knowing smile.
This chapter turned out to be fairly long. Hope everyone enjoys it.
Castiel looked thoughtful. “I have a tent. It’s a nice tent so I’ll be fine.”
He walked down the hall. It grew quiet as he walked further away from the event. Along the walls were various paintings. He admired them as he walked. He could hear talking.
He chewed on his lips as he stared at the lights. John loved Christmas because Mary loved the holiday. He would tell Dean every year about how much she loved it as he strung up the lights on his house and put up the tree. It made Dean’s heartache. He had all the decorations from then he just didn’t feel like putting them up after John died. The last time he looked at the Christmas tree he curled up in a ball in the hallway and sobbed.
“Mmm.” He mumbled. “Missed you.” He nuzzled Dean’s neck and breathed in deeply.
He raised an eyebrow. “Okay, I’m listening.”
“Yeah, I was… uh,” He pointed down the Christmas aisle. “Looking around.”
She laughed. “Well, clearly you didn’t read the jar label.” She smirked. “I can tell him you asked about him?”
Emily shook her head. “There’s a new God now?” She blinked slowly. “But we… we don’t have Death… Billie is gone… it… I can still hear her screaming.” She trembled as she laid her hands on her head. “Screaming in my head I still hear it.”
He swallowed hard. This was it. This was the big moment. He heard Castiel greet his parents and Dean felt dizzy. This was really happening. He sucked in a harsh breath almost choking himself. Smooth there Dean, choke on your breath in front of your future in-laws.
“Cas seemed to be a… a nice guy.” She said while studying Dean’s reaction
Castiel fiddled with his clothes. He sucked in a breath. He was nervous about the dinner with Lucas and he wasn’t sure why. He had already met him once there was no reason to be nervous now. He grumbled to himself as he looked at his shirt. Maybe he should have picked something else. He and Dean had gone clothes shopping a few days back and picked the blue button-down he had on. Now he was questioning it.
“How are you feeling?” Dean looked better than he did earlier.
“I see.”
They had many Christmas dinners and thanksgiving dinners at the farmhouse. Dean and Sam had been swept into the Novak family long before Dean and Castiel had gotten married. Dean smiled at his husband who was in the passenger seat. Husband. He never got tired of that word. He sometimes had to take a moment to process that he was actually married to Castiel now.
“Kids, dinner!” Chuck called to them from another room
“Nope,” he said popping the p on the word. “Look it up if you don’t believe me.”
Castiel tried not to snicker. Anna was his straight-laced cousin. She followed the rules, to a letter, always the perfect example of what to do right, and hearing her cuss was strange and humorous.
Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s again and slowly backed them up to the bed. He pushed them down onto the bed in one swift movement. He broke the kiss to catch his breath.
They left him alone in the room with Dean.  He looked at Dean who was sleeping peacefully now. He headed into the bathroom to freshen up the washrag.  He walked out of the bathroom laying it on Dean’s head. Dean was much more still now. Castiel was glad that Dean was having restful sleep now He laid in the bed beside him. He pulled Dean close to him and turned on the TV.
Benny nodded and left the office. Dean went back to his paperwork. Time flew by and soon the dinner rush was over and things were quieting down in the kitchen. He heard Benny through the wall send Garth on break. Soon his door opened back up with a small knock. Dean looked up preparing to defend his decision to let Castiel work there when Benny walked in.
“No, but um, I’m going to do it and see how it goes.” He shook his head. “I mean, they are family and it is what I wanted.”
Castiel pulled him to his feet. They headed upstairs to Dean’s room. Dean felt excitement course through him. He couldn’t believe this was happening. He was no stranger to sex but the thought of having sex with Castiel just seemed so surreal.
“As long as you feel fine, Dean.” Castiel crashed their mouths together. The fire stoked back up. Dean reached in between them and freed Castiel’s member from his pants.
“I feel the same way.” He said softly as his hands tangle into Dean’s hair. “I love you.”
Castiel stood there trying to reign in the burning fire in his veins. He unlocked his door and walked into the house. He heaved a gasp. He couldn’t remember the last time a kiss lit his body on fire like that. Hell, now that he thought about it, he could barely remember his last kiss. He laid his fingers on his still tingling lips. He sighed again like a love-sick teenager. He couldn’t wait to see Dean again or kiss him again. Once he regained his composure he made his way to his bedroom. His dreams were full of Dean and his gorgeous green eyes. Castiel could get used to this.
“Sorry.” Dean said with his mouth full of bacon. He noticed Castiel shoot him a dirty look and he winked at him.
“Oh, I can’t say that I blame her I’d be upset too if my father figure was banging my teacher.”
He pulled away. “It’s okay Mrs. Novak, I know that event was important to your family so,”
He blinked. “I’m the love of your life?”
He sighed as he made his way down to where the reception was happening. Jody had a large yard, and they had set up several picnic tables and rented a large canopy to shield them from the weather. He walked under the canopy.
He scoffed. “He said what made him happy was something he couldn’t have. Which was me, he thought he couldn’t have me.”
Castiel had all but forgotten his parents were in the room. He looked over his shoulder at them
Sam looked at him with a bright smile. “That’s great, Dean!” He exclaimed.
“Did you?”
“I don’t know… humans are strange.”
He broke the kiss to breathe. “Dean, Dean, I,” He gasped.
The angel nodded slowly. “You have been acting differently since me and Dean got together so I just assumed that it bothered you.”
“Being happy… he…” He sighed. “He made a deal, Sam, with the Empty, to save Jack; he told it that it could take him when he was truly happy. I can’t… I was mad he made a deal, and I was upset that he didn’t tell me,” He chuckled. “But I guess we rubbed off on him.”
“Nice uh, camp.” Dean said as he looked around.
He nodded. “Okay, Dean, I got it. You just rest.”
“I was going to throw it out, I guess it accidentally got in your bag,” Sam said as he poked at the bloody clothes. He grimaced at them.
Castiel felt his face heat up. Dean wasn’t wrong but it was still a bit embarrassing. He opened his mouth to say something when his siblings cut him off.
“Morning.” He greeted as they walked in.
Castiel reached to grab his cock. While Dean wanted this he wanted more. He needed more he needed to fill the closeness of two bodies. His being ached for it.
“Oh, I will.” He said with a laugh
The End
She looked at him. “Well, give me the full story.”
“I’m not sharing my food with you.” She informed the cat
`           Castiel watched Dean lick his full lips. It should be illegal to have lips that gorgeous. “So why don’t you?”
“I guess it was… hard to believe we live in the same city and never crossed paths.” He chuckled. “Because I would have heard about a guy painting with his penis.” He snickered
“Same,” She winked. “You two boys have fun.”
“Jack?”
“He does that again I will kill him.” Castiel droned. He remembered the first date he brought home. A nice girl named Daphne then Gabriel happened. Castiel thought he was actually going to die from embarrassment that day as his brother showed off every embarrassing picture that was in their family photo album. Of course, Gabriel’s actions didn’t chase her off. What ended that relationship was when she learned that he was bisexual. He looked at Dean he was fairly certain not even Gabriel could scare him off. At least he hoped not.
A hiker walked over. “I’ll hold him down.” He pressed his boot to the back of the sheriff’s neck. “I look forward to this. Maybe we should lock him in a cage for a while.”
Chuck walked into the group. “I hate to break up this tender moment but we got groceries in the car.”
He got out of his car and walked up to the café. His heart was pounding but he strolled in like he knew what he was doing. Being confident was key. He spotted Dean who was sitting in the back with his head in his hands staring off into space. He waved at him and Dean’s face lit up and waved back. He dared say he strutted up to Dean.
Castiel regained his composure. They spent the next couple of hours swapping stories as Meg and Castiel caught up. Dean felt a little bit like a third wheel at times but Castiel would make a point to make him feel included. It bugged him some to be left out but it was better than nothing. As long as Castiel was happy he was happy.
“Oh yeah.” Lucas said with a nod. “I ain’t got nothing on Gabriel man. He’s,” He laughed. “He’s the type that will bring out baby pictures. Like naked in the bathtub type of pictures.”
Chapter 4
“Come on, Dean.” Castiel pulled him along to the next person. “My eldest brother Gabriel he bakes desserts using all-natural ingredients from our farm.”
Crowley smirked. “That old bastard needs to get with the times. Congratulations by the way.”
There was a buzz from the door and Dean opened the door and they walked into the lobby.
Dean followed Castiel up to the front door. He was still nervous. He watched as Castiel pressed the button to be let into the apartment.
He smirked. “Did you get the man’s name this time?”
Dean put his notebook in his pocket. “Small town sheriffs don’t take too kindly to federal agents. I’ve run into it a few times.”
He laid his hand on Dean’s face. “Only if you will join me.” He felt Dean’s face heat under his hand.
“Relax, Cassie. You’ll see me again.”
Castiel kissed Dean again. He climbed on top of him. His mouth on his as he took the lube and worked himself open. Dean hated to admit that he was disappointed he didn’t get to open him himself but there were other times. He knew how much of a big deal this was for Castiel. He was handing himself over to him on a silver platter. Dean watched Castiel as he stared down at his erection. He watched as Castiel looked deep in thought. He considered telling him not to worry about it they can try again later but Castiel slowly snuck himself down on Dean’s dick.
“Damn straight.” He smiled the hurt in his eyes still lingered. Castiel wanted to take that pain away. He wanted to help Dean. He couldn’t fix his past (not anymore at least) but he could fix his future. He could shower Dean in the love he deserved. He could make sure Dean took time to take care of himself. Dean deserved it. Dean deserved all the love in the world.
Dean yawned. “Those pain pills are kicking in. I’m so sleepy.”
Dean used a firm hand and grabbed onto Castiel’s dick which caused him to let out a sultry moan. A flash of heat coursed through Dean’s veins. He liked getting Cas off. He had many partners before but none responded like Castiel did. It made him feel powerful to have him practically melt in his hand. The sounds Castiel made, the way his dark lashes would conceal, and the way he would call out his name drove Dean wild in a good way. His pulse quickened as more blood rushed southward.
He thought about telling the bartender off. He sighed heavily. “She isn’t my type, and I don’t date co-workers.” With his mom being the current head of Grace Inc. It wasn’t appropriate to date co-workers. He also kept the fact that Naomi Novak was his mother quiet. Co-workers liked to use the word ‘nepotism’ when they learn that. Though they are correct. If not for his mother, Castiel would still be working at Roman Enterprises. People outside the company, he didn’t announce it either. Always it seemed to lead to the wrong ideas. People thought they could latch themselves on a rich boy and have caviar for breakfast. While Castiel was a far cry from being poor, he wasn’t rich either. His mother wanted her children to work and earn on their own. She would provide if he needed help but she wasn’t an ATM, her words not his.
“Go ahead.” He breathed
“Don’t be sorry. I enjoyed it.” Dean laughed. Of course, he wasn’t expecting a full-on make-out session. He wanted Castiel but he wanted him when he wasn’t emotionally raw and vulnerable. He respected his boundaries he didn’t want him to think he was the type of guy who couldn’t keep it in his pants.
“I would too, Dean.”
It had been a long drive, longer than Castiel was expecting. He yearned to stretch his legs as he felt cramped in the Impala. It was just him and Dean on a small hunt. Just a simple ghost hunt, so simple Dean suggested just the two of them go. According to Dean, Castiel needed more experience working with people. Castiel didn’t feel that way, he thought during his time as a human he had learned to blend in fairly well, but Dean saw it differently.
She scoffed. “Whatever.” She stormed out of the bar.
“Dean, listen Lucas is getting really impatient.” Sam said his voice had an edge to it.
“Stop talking.” Castiel ordered and he obeyed. “Let’s get you upstairs and cleaned up then we’ll go from there.” He looked at Gabriel. “Can you help?”
Sam rubbed his eyes then took a long drink from his beer. They had everything they needed for the spell. It needed to be performed at dawn so here he was waiting… trying to shut his mind off. His mind, however, didn’t want to power down. He worried, he worried about everything going wrong. He worried about failing Dean about failing Cas and everyone. He glanced over at his phone. He was on the verge of calling Dean but thought twice about it. If he involved Dean he would be angry for being left out of the loop. Worse if he told him then failed then Dean would be destroyed. Dean would hate him, and blame himself for what happened. He knew Dean, he couldn’t help it, he would get angry and upset lash out, and be bitter. He remembered that vision Chuck showed him, he remembered the sadness in Dean the last few weeks. He could see it in his eyes, the big bad was defeated but it didn’t matter Dean wasn’t happy. Dean would never be happy without Cas. He knew what it was like to lose someone you love. He lost so many women he loved. He knew that pain and Dean felt his emotions ten times more than Sam did.  He watched the condensation run down the beer bottle. He couldn’t do that. Not to Dean. Not ever. He would rather Dean assume that they had given up rather than know that he failed.
“Careful now.” She said pointing at the book. “That book is very old.”
“You’re bleeding!” He shouted
Sam shrugged. “Not the best. They are getting cleared, so that’s something.” He backed out of the driveway. His SUV backed out of the snow like it was nothing. Dean knew he probably wouldn’t have gotten Baby out of the driveway until the snow melted. It was warming up so he figured it wouldn’t be long.
The car pulled into its usual back parking space. Castiel felt his nervousness take over again. He took in a deep breath.
“Dean?” Castiel walked into the kitchen. He was rubbing his eyes and still had his pajamas on. “What are you doing up?”
“Okay, Gabe.”
Castiel nodded. Though he doubted anyone would willingly come up here to attack Dean. The Winchester brothers were pretty famous among hunters.
“What a lovely home you have, Dean.” Naomi announced as she came into the kitchen carrying two bottles of wine. “I love the open concept.”
He pulled out his phone. Meg did have a point. She has been his best friend for years she had a right to meet Dean. He texted Dean and told him about Meg wanting to meet him. Dean responded back quickly asking about lunch that afternoon. “Meg, do you have lunch plans?”
“Your tot of stuff.”
“The hell,” Dean said. “He must have weighed it down with something.” He rubbed his shoulder
He nodded as he climbed into the back of the ambulance. He sat down on a bench across from Dean. He wondered what Dean would think about him leaving the ranger to deal with the hunt on her own. He took Dean’s hand as the ambulance pulled away. An EMT stayed back there with them monitoring Dean’s vitals on the equipment.
Dean sat there eyes wide, lips wet with spit. He got up and said quickly. “I got to go.” He took off to the kitchen area in a rush.
Her mouth fell open. “Really?”
“Oh?” He traced a finger along Dean’s jaw. “What sort of bribe do you have in mind?”
“Hundred and fifty, I’ll give you the friends and family discount. I want to see you snag yourself one eligible Winchester, God  knows he’s been single long enough.”
The sunlight poured into their room. Castiel slowly opened his eyes. He felt the weight of Dean against him as he slept. He had managed to wake up Dean long enough to get him upstairs. Castiel may be strong but he didn’t want to try to fireman carry Dean up the stairs. He smiled as he looked at the resting man. Dean had pretty much fallen back asleep when they got to the bedroom. Castiel knew he was probably still working off the final strains of the cold he had. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. He had never been more in love in his life. The weight of Dean beside him made him feel warm, safe and protected. He knew deep in his heart with Dean he would never want for anything again. He would provide him with everything he would need: love, shelter, warmth. Dean would provide it all.
“Good job, Cas.”
Here it is the latest chapter.
“That is enough of that.” Castiel flushed
Castiel sighed. “That’s what I was worried about.”
“Good.” He looked away and down at his plate. He was secretly proud of himself for picking a good wine to pair with the food.
She laughed. “That became my nickname for him. I couldn’t say Castiel as a little kid so I decided to name him Clarence instead and it stuck.”
She chuckled
“I’d like to spend some time with you, dad.” Castiel said
He jerked his head up so fast his neck popped. The man on the other side of the counter smiled at him a wide gummy smile. Oh, my, God, he was handsome. He had raven black hair that was longer than Dean’s hair but still short. It was sticking out everywhere like the wind had blown through it (it probably had as this was an outdoor event), tan skin, and piercing blue eyes. Dean’s mouth fell open. “Uh, hi.” He forgot how to talk for a minute
“I love them.” He exclaimed as he took the vase. He sat them down in the middle of the table. He wrapped Dean into a big hug. “Thank you.” He kissed him on the mouth warm and firm. It was like coming home to Dean. Dean didn’t realize he could miss someone when he was only away from them for a few hours but he did. Having Castiel in his arms was nice. “What’s that?” He asked when he broke the kiss. He pointed at the case beside Dean’s feet.
Dean looked back at him. “If you want to.”
“Long enough to hear and see you with Cas’s coat.”
“Hi! Would you like to try a sample?” Asked a woman's voice
“Hello,” Naomi smiled as they walked up to them. “How are you, boys?”
“It hurts but it’s not unbearable. Shame we can’t get in the hot tub.” He shrugged. “So… what do you want to do?”
The fishing pole suddenly jerked. He started to reel in the fish. He could explore his hobbies, maybe go fishing more often. Suddenly, as the fish started to crest the top of the lake he could see the light in his life. He didn’t have to give up, he was more than just some hero in a book written by a demented God. Cas was right, he was more than ‘daddy’s blunt instrument’ Donna was right, he was more of a caregiver. He could, he pulled the fish out of the lake.
“I’m going to kill him.” Lucas said when Castiel finished his story.
Dean blinked. He was blinded sided. “I uh, sure…”
He sighed. “I’m not banging Dean… not yet anyway.”
“Yes, please I’ll do anything to,”
“I know, I mean… you look nice is all.” He fumbled
Sam smiled. “Well, someone was going to do it.” He turned on the stove. “I didn’t think you would be single forever.”
“I enjoyed myself but had crushing guilt for days after that dad would disown me if he ever found out. It’s not going to be a problem now, just so you know.”
“Aww,” Garth said as he placed his head in his hands. “So romantic.”
“Yes, I am fine.” He sputtered. “The coffee was hotter than I expected is all.”
He looked up at him. “You have already bared the mark.” He responded.
Sam scoffed. “What she ships them?” He chuckled
It was moving before he even realized it, he didn’t hear it because of his headphones. “Shit!” He cursed as he leaped out of the car's path hitting the sidewalk ass first. He had half a mind to cuss out the driver and the other half agreed with him.
“Yes, and one for him too,” Dean said
“I have driven past this place but never been in it.”
The bartender walked back behind the bar winking at Castiel as she walked by.
“Sounds good, Dean.” He climbed off of his lap and held out his hand for him.
Thanks, everyone for reading, leaving kudos, subscribing, and everything.
“No clue,” She shouted over the roar of the engine. “Maybe someone in the county was working with that guy.” She speculated
He smiled. “Well, the cafeteria food wasn’t much better,” Castiel remarked as he chewed on his sausage biscuit. “This is divine.”
He chuckled. “Yeah, yeah, then I’ll get me a brother-in-law and we can be one happy family.”
“It wasn’t like it was with Cas?”
Dean did just that but the light was so bright he could see it from behind his eyes. Once it died down he opened them again.
“I… it is not what I expected. I… went to school for business because my,” He sighed. “Okay, my mother runs the business.”
“Okay, well let me know if anything changes. Bye, Garth.”
He glanced at the ranger. He wanted to go with Dean but he couldn’t leave her to finish the hunt it wasn’t fair to her.
The two of them walked outside. With the snow off the sidewalk, it was much easier to get around. The road crew hadn’t come by yet to remove the snow from the street. There were a couple of cars parked on the street buried in snow. No doubt vehicles people left when the snow hit. Dean glanced at the florist shop. The snow was still piled up on the sidewalk and the lights were off in the store. It didn’t look like Rowena had been around for a while. He nodded to the shop. “Let’s clear their sidewalk.”
He shook his head. The drive to make it a good day for Sam was partly because of his responisblility to him and also because it would get his mind off of everything.  “I can’t Jody, he’s my… little brother.” He stared at the cake toppers, their little hands forming a heart together. “I raised him.”
She snorted. “I know…” She fiddled with the end of her shirt sleeve. “I was super pissed at Cas. Hell, I wanted him dead for most of my life. Everything that happened is… well it is his fault but… I realized that if he hadn’t taken over dad’s body then… the world might have ended or… someone else would have lost their dad… someone who wouldn’t grow as strong as I did.”
He tried not to cry. “A family?” He repeated.
“Yeah, I mean she’s done so much for us…” He doesn’t think there will be a time when he doesn’t feel guilty about killing her. Feeling the knife sink into her petite frame. He knows she told him it was okay, and that she was fine being in Hell but that didn’t mean he was fine with it. He considered praying to Jack to ask for help but then again Dean did have a point. If the deal was to save Jack what would happen if they back out of the deal. Rowena might have a spell of some sort that could work around the deal, or at least break it without the world ending.
Castiel started to shovel. “She uh, seemed nice. Maybe we should go LARPing.”
“Cindy?”
Naomi looked at Castiel. “I am sorry that you felt that way, Castiel.” She dabbed at her mouth with her balled-up napkin and set it down on the table. “You are right. I have treated your boyfriend unfairly and I apologize to both of you.”
Good Deeds
“Good.” He sighed. “Because I think if I can see it first-hand I’ll be able to wrap the other ones.”
He looked at it. “Dean, this thing has blond hair…”
The teenager gave a dramatic sigh as she got up from the table and followed Castiel into the kitchen.
He treaded his fingers through his hair. “So why don’t we?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s a cabin or well a series of cabins at the foothills of the mountains. They all stayed there, at different times.”
“Books are over there.” Crowley said to Castiel as he pointed to the back of the store. “You should get your boy an e-reader.”
Dean handed Jack the bag. “These are your presents… they aren’t from Santa they are from us.”
His mind was still racing. Thinking of all the ways it could all go wrong. His stomach was in knots again. This is for Dean. He reminded himself. He couldn’t bear it anymore. Seeing him so sad so defeated. He was saving Cas for Dean. His mind wandered to possibilities of the future, would Dean still hunt? Hell, would he still hunt? He looked at the top of Eileen’s head. Her breathing had long evened out she was sound asleep. He… he never talked to her about it. He had been wanting out of the life since he was… old enough to remember. Jumping from motel to motel, never staying anywhere for longer than a few days. His father stumbling into the motel rooms drunk, yelling at him and Dean demanding respect. His stomach lurched. Dean had always looked up to John but Sam wanted to get away from him as soon as possible. He knew, even as a little kid that there was something… wrong with their family. His brother, older than him by only four years shouldn’t have been raising him. Hell, Dean was more of a dad to him than their dad was. He hated John, even to this day he resented and hated him for dragging them into the hutner’s life. Sam sighed, though if it wasn’t for that, he never would have met Eileen.
“Oh, shit, I’m sorry. Listen, you eat and call me back when I can talk to Dean, okay?”
He sighed and rolled his eyes. “Dude,” He licked his lips. “Fine if it makes you feel better.” He pulled on a shirt over his head that the hospital provided. “Let’s call a cab and get a ride back to the Impala.”
“We’re back boys!” Chuck called up to them.
Dean walked to the kitchen. He touched his lips. He could barely believe he and Castiel had kissed. He chuckled to himself. It sparked something in his being. He could feel the sparks between them like they were meant to be together.
“Okay, Sam, look up anything you can find about the cabin rental. Book us a cabin while you’re at it.” Dean took the phone from Castiel and hung it up. “What do you think, Cas?”
Chuck paid for his stuff and they set off to the car. When they got to the car and Dean popped the trunk he wondered how he could hide it without Castiel seeing it.
She sighed. “So… he told Dean that he, uh…”
“Hmmm.” Dean made a noise. Maybe he wasn’t as good as he thought. “Well, we are here.” He pulled out his phone. “Sammy sent a text he got us a cabin under the name Smith.”
“What? You two are cute and you obviously have feelings for one another.” Sam said as he put the last of the money away.
“I might have to get back in the swing being off for so long.” He laughed. He zipped the last suitcase. He had their old clothes in a bag ready to go home with them to be washed. He spotted the stuffed dog on the bed.  He picked it up “Can’t forget him now can we?” He held it out to Dean to be put back in the tot.
He knew his jaw had to have fallen open. “Cas, I…” He didn’t expect this. It was so… intimate, all-inclusive, and… it felt like something permanent like Castiel was pledging himself to Dean. He took the necklace in his hands and looked at the delicate bottle. He ran his hands over it feeling the imperfect edges of the metal wrapped around the glass. Hard to believe a grandmother made this. He could imagine the work she went into while making it. How she would have to carefully wrap the metal around the bottle. He smiled. “Cas, I don’t know what to say.”
“Sorry.” He felt his stomach lurch and he put his hand on the wall for support. “I thought it was nothing.”
Alfie sniffled and held back his tears. “Thanks, Cas.”
He nodded. “I just… it’s…” He got out of the car and headed towards the house in almost a daze
Naomi smiled. “I hope you feel welcomed, Dean.”
Lucas waved at him. He picked up Jack off the swing and walked up to him. “Cas, I want you to meet Jack, again.” He chuckled
Dean shook his head. “Nah, man you look good.” You look good? Really Dean? He chuckled as he felt his face grow hot. Though Castiel did look good. Look damn good.
Dean walked over to the kitchen counter. He set down the mugs with a heavy thump and he reached into one of the cabinets. “I keep a supply of stuff in case the power goes out.” He pulled out a small camping lantern. “I got a bunch of these lanterns. They are really bright. I got one upstairs in my bathroom so if the power goes out I’ll be fine.” He thrust his hands out and handed him the lantern. “Since you know… don’t know the layout of the house you might stub your toe or something if you get up and it’s dark so here. That way if the power goes out you’ll have some light. I think it’s bright enough to read with too.”
“What is even real anymore, Cas?” He sighed.
“Morning, Cas.”
He twisted the cap off and took a long sip. It was nice to relax after the busy few days. Sure they still had a hunt to do but he could see why Dean wanted to relax. Suddenly the water began to bubble. He leaped out of the tub so fast he almost dropped his beer.
“Well, you were impaled,” Sam said
“Cas, I understand. Look, whatever this is, it’s been going on since Purgatory and I… I don’t want it to be a one-off. I want you. But I want it to be special not some half-hazard grope session in the shower. I want to have a relationship with you. I want to be more than friends with you. I just wasn’t sure if you felt the same way.”
He shrugged. “It’s the first song that came up okay.” He smiled. He spun him around. “And you dance just fine.”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. Read, maybe do some research of my own.”
Dean walked towards a booth in the back. No one was around so it offered some privacy. They sat down.
He smiled. “I’ll be with you forever, Cas.”
“It’s a bit hard to slow dance to something like this.” Castiel stated. “It also doesn’t help that I can’t dance.”
“Think we can save them?” Dean joked as he picked up the flannel to show off the giant hole. “Maybe frame them and hang them in the library.” He grinned
“No that’s clean.” He stepped forward and grinned. “Maybe… someone should… get those suds off?” He asked. He held his hand out for the hose and smiled at Dean
“Michael offered it a better deal. He gave it sleep.”
He sighed. “Nevermind, Cas.”
Sam started a pot of coffee as Dean took him to the back. He walked to the walk-in and opened it. The fan started to squeak. “It’s been doing that for a while. I’m worried about it going out. The last thing I need is my food to spoil. I lost enough with the snowstorm.”
“Okay, Dean.” He followed his instincts. He gripped Dean tightly making the other man moan and writhe in the bed. He started pumping up and down gathering more pre-come to keep Dean’s dick slick. He watched Dean’s face, his lips parted, his breath coming in pants. Getting his partner off was also pleasant.
Castiel growled at the word buddy. He was tired of Dean calling him a friend, a pal, buddy, brother. Everything but what he wanted to hear. “She’s not what I want.”
Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed. He groaned loudly. He was still for a moment then he sucked in a deep breath and began to move.
“Been a long time, Kelly.” Sam said. He patted Jack on the head. “How’s pre-school?”
He looked at him his head tilted like a puppy. The clothes dangling in his hand “Cas?”
He opened the door and walked in. His muscles felt heavy and tight. He looked down at himself he had gotten dirty from taking down the camp. He was tired but relaxing in the shower sounded pretty good right now. He picked up his pajamas and headed into the shower. He turned on the water and let it warm up. He brushed his teeth and stared at himself in the mirror. It felt a little strange having Castiel in the house. He hadn’t had someone living with him in like forever. Now here he was, inviting Castiel to stay permanently. He spit into the sink and leaned on the sink. He couldn’t believe he did that. Not that he didn’t want him staying with him; he was surprised by his own actions. This seemed to be a common occurrence with him and Castiel.
The two of them got out and headed into the little store. The store had various products such as honey, beeswax products, and cute bee memorabilia. Castiel was disappointed to learn that he couldn’t see the hive, however.
He gathered plates out of the cabinet. “I assumed you would be in a rush to return home and find another hunt.”
“I love him.” Castiel said barely above a whisper. “And there is nothing wrong with our relationship. It’s healthy.”
Castiel smiled. He put the dish he was washing in the sink. He took Dean’s hand and spoke calmly. “I think I love you too. I just was afraid it was too soon. Being with you has been some of the happiest times in my life. I want this relationship. I want you and I to be together.” He leaned in and pressed his lips to Dean’s. It was a simple kiss but deep in its own way.
Dean chuckled as he got in the car.
“Ick don’t say it like that, Clarance, it ruins the moment,” Meg said
“That sounds lovely.”
Dean frowned. What the hell did he walk into? He to wanted fold into the couch and disappear into the cracks.
He glared at him. He opened his mouth to insult him when he heard a pained moan in the distance.
He put his arm around him. “Find a ten dollar one and we’ll talk.” He kissed his cheek. “Especially, if I like it too.”
“Not a one. How about we go and start planning our wedding?”
He nodded. “Yeah, maybe getting clean will wake me up.”
Dean whistled. “Now that is a book store.” He looked over at Castiel after he parked the car. “Don’t get lost.” He teased
He pulled up his pants. “Oh, I see.” He smirked “I’m surprised someone around here hasn’t tried to put you in a movie. Given your good looks and all.”
Fair warning this chapter is very long. Also, I had to cut it in half as I was worried it would end up with a 20+ page count when I got done.
Dean took in a deep breath. A pleasant smell filled his nose. He clutched the fabric that was laid on top of him. He recognized it by touch. It was Castiel’s coat. He breathed in again. Yes, you could smell Castiel’s lovable scent on it. A smell that offered him comfort and peace. He pulled the coat closer to himself and let it swallow him whole. He wished that instead of the coat it was the angel himself but the coat was good enough. He laid there and considered getting up. His brief nap was nice but he did have work to do. He pulled the coat up to his nose and took in a deep breath. He let out a small moan. “Cas.” He whispered to himself.
“Are you thanking me for the kiss?” He asked.
Castiel felt the ground move again. This time it was fainter than before. “Those tremors seem to be happening more often.”
“So umm,” Sam started. “What’s going on with you and Cas?”
He chuckled. “If you say so, Dean.” He sipped his coffee. “So how hard is being a waiter?”
Donna gasped. “Ouch.”
Here we are the epilogue.
“No!” Crowley shouted
Castiel snapped back into focus. His mind had wandered and he missed most of the conversation between the two archangels.
Dean glared at the building. “I hate clothes shopping.” He muttered
He got so distracted by the food he almost forgot about the presents. He picked up the vase and held them out to Castiel. “I uh, got these for you.”
“Nah, it doesn’t seem like,”
“Good. It will help clear up some space.”
“You got the wrong idea.” On many levels. “Me and her are friends,”
“You okay? You are like totally spaced out.”
Chapter 24
Good Deeds
Chapter 4
The End
She nodded and with a wave of her hand the room spun. Dean hit the ground hard. Castiel landed on top of him in a heap. The reaper disappeared after that. Dean had a feeling she was pretty much going to keep to herself.
He sighed and pulled on the rest of his clothes. Eventually, they would talk. He needed to be open with Castiel about how his family made him feel. Sure it was awkward and embarrassing but he needed to be open about it then he would feel better. He picked up a towel from the floor and when he stood up the room spun for a second. He groaned and stuck his hand on the wall to steady himself. He hoped he wasn’t coming down with something.
“Are you crying?” Castiel asked.
He nodded. “I think so, Dean.”
“I do.” He said. He smiled at her hoping to show that he was harmless. “He’s my boyfriend.” He chuckled when she grimaced. “So I was right. You are Cas’s niece?”
“I haven’t, but I did go bowling and it’s the same idea.” He winked. He opened the scorecard and wrote in pie. “Okay, you’re going to be pie, because I love some pie.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s a human thing to wear ugly sweaters for Christmas but for you, I think an ugly tie is way better.”
“And that dark-haired man with you, he’s the angel Castiel.”
“Dean,” It was Sam. “Dean, Lucas is back he… he says he wants to talk to Castiel. He says he thinks Cas is his missing brother.”
“No thanks.” He responded drinking on the first drink that he ordered about thirty minutes ago.
“Alright.” Benny took the order and started cooking.
Honestly, Castiel didn’t want to buy a second-hand ring. However, spending thousands of dollars for a band of silver seemed silly. He could very well get one here and get it crafted to his liking. He took the ring from Crowley and looked it over.
“Cas, I want to share my room with you. If you are okay with that, that is.”
Dean shrugged. “Maybe Santa will appreciate a beer.”
He shook his head. “Oh, no, no, honey, she isn’t bothered in the least by my sexual orientation. It’s because you are dating me. She’s got high standards for who can date her children.”
“Castiel, I am still sorry about what happened at the tasting.” Naomi said as Castiel poured the water into the cups. “I realized that I was unfair.”
Jack frowned. “I thought we gave him milk with the cookies.”
He scoffed. “Me lie? Never.” He rubbed his hands together and chuckled. “Your mom she’s uh, well she’s something…”
He nodded and followed her out of the room knowing his nights and days were going to be full of books. Hopefully, Jack would get back to him before it was too late.
“I think… I’m not sure.” Dean breathed a sigh of relief. He had never been so happy to see Castiel in his life. He wanted to melt in his arms right then and there. “Cas,” he nuzzled against his chest
“Yes,” He chuckled. “Please, call me Chuck. Being called Mr. Novak makes me feel old and I’m not ready to feel old yet. Even though I am a grandfather.” He got a glass out of the cabinet and then a bottle of liquor. He poured himself a drink and smiled at Dean. “Help yourself, son.” He took a long sip of it and topped his drink off. “Try not to be so stiff by the way. We don’t bite.”
She nodded. “Good, nothing is worse than a hot guy who’s bad in bed.” She smiled at Dean.
“You’re welcome. Now go check on your man.” She laughed when he rolled his eyes. “What I got to tease you, Cas.” She patted his arm. She picked up the tray off the table heading towards the kitchen.
“Ummm…” He walked up to the sink and opened the medicine cabinet. He pulled out his toothbrush, toothpaste, and put them in a bag. “What about a razor?”
She sniffed as she rubbed her face. “I hate it. I just woke back up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“A castle… or something.”
He sighed and closed his eyes. “I feel silly.” He sensed Dean wave his hands over his face. “I assure you they are closed.”
He nodded. “I…”
Castiel stood there in shock as he watched the Shadow kill Billie. He gasped. They were killing her, he stepped forward to help her. No, no, he should run. Escape, hide.  He needed to run but where too? He had nowhere to go. It was nothing for all directions. It was Empty. He could run anyway and they would find him. They did before when he first arrrived here. He tried to escape them before they put him to sleep. They could hurt him. Like they were doing to Billie. He looked at the fallen Death as she faded into the floor. He looked back at the Shadow dressed as Meg. His mind screamed again to run. To surrive. To escape.
“I doubt you will meet her. She usually hides in my room until guests go away. My friends have been coming over for years and she still doesn’t come out when they come over.”
Dean sighed. “Seriously?”
They headed back downstairs and flopped on the couch and waited for the pizza to come. Once it did they devoured it and watched TV. Dean couldn’t help but smile at how domestic it felt. Once the pizza was gone Dean buried his head in Castiel’s chest. He loved this. He loved Castiel. It was perfect. He smiled. He wondered what size ring Castiel wore as he drifted off back to sleep. It had been a long day well, a long week and Dean was happy to be home at last with his boyfriend. He had never been more in love in his life and he knew that he had found the one person he wanted to be with forever.
Sam cleared his throat. “Well, I found a case.” He handed Dean the laptop
She shook her head. “Not a hell of a whole lot. Something about them going missing while on that mountain.”
“Because I love you!” Dean shouted. Tears gathered in his eyes. He choked them back. “I can’t,” He sniffed. “I can’t standby and let you throw your life away.” He shook his head. “No, we are going to fight back.”
Chapter 2
“Is it to your liking?” Crowley smiled smugly. “I pride myself in knowing what others want.”
The two of them dated for a couple of months before they got married and moved into Castiel’s house. Dean left Sam their place and helped support him through college. Dean was grateful to find someone as understanding as Castiel was who agreed that Sam needed all the help he could get to get through college. Sam was now a big shot lawyer and this party was to celebrate his brother’s success.
“Hungry, boss man?” Benny asked from behind him. He was adjusting his apron as he looked at Dean.
He made a noise as he spotted a road sign. “Heh, there’s a diner ahead let’s stop there.”
His heart fluttered. “Oh, uh, sure.”
His head still spun. “I was attacked… by a man, he uh,” He gasped. “He took Dean. There was a trap and Dean got caught. I have to get Dean.” He turned to run down the trail. The bag of weapons was still laying where Dean was. At least he wasn’t unarmed. He picked them up.
He got out the chicken and the pan to start frying. He was coating the chicken when he felt strong hands wrap around his shoulder.
He shrugged. “I guess I’m just a basic bitch.”
“Oh hey, Dean, one of the kids isn’t in trouble are they?”
“So…” Meg asked
“No? Because that’s what it felt like. You just begged me to let you go, like the only reason you haven’t…” His face contorts into a pained expression. His voice trembled as he continued to speak. “Like the only reason you are still alive is because you think I need you.”
Sam blinked. He had no idea that Cas and Claire were in contact. Now that he thought about it, he never really thought about what Cas did outside of being around them. Guilt weighed on him, how many details of Cas’s life did he miss? How could he be such a bad friend?
She smiled at Castiel. “Anytime I can,” She winked. “But my shift doesn’t end until five.”
“Not much. I was mostly checking in on you.”
Benny suddenly appeared with a plate in his hand. “Castiel, take your break.”
They walked back into the dining room. Chuck smiled at them as they walked back in. “So, me and your mother are thinking about having a big feast when everyone comes in. What do you think about that? Celebrate you coming home, you know?”
He sighed as he got in the car. “Dean, did she say honeymoon?” He was not going to be ignored by Dean
Years had gone by, Dean smiled warmly as he got himself ready for the event. He fiddled with his tie mumbling cuss words under his breath.
“I thought you were doing a best man speech?” Claire said as she started setting out vases. Castiel joined her in her efforts.
Amara asked
Her words were cut off by a loud thud of the cellar door closing. “Son of a bitch!” Dean shouted. He ran up to the door and tried to open it. “Open it!” He screamed at who he assumed was the sheriff
“Are you sure?” He asked
He felt Castiel pull him closer to himself and kiss his neck. His eyes closed as he enjoyed the intimacy. He wanted this to be something he had every day. He inhaled Castiel’s warm scent. It made him feel safe and loved. He wrapped his arms around his neck. He hadn’t felt like this before. Sure he and Castiel had moments but this was… different in a way he couldn’t explain. He felt whole as if something he didn’t know was missing was returned to him.
He took his hand and held it. “Dean, you don’t have to be afraid.”
Sam nodded as he talked. “I wouldn’t worry, Dean.” He pulled his car into a parking spot by a nice burger joint. “He’s probably busy.” He smiled at Dean. “I wouldn’t worry about it.”
“Bullshit.”
“See you tomorrow, Sammy.” He ended the phone call and rubbed his eyes.
“Told ya.” Dean pulled out a box full of lights. “Now for the lights.”
Giving up, Castiel closed out the app. He poured himself a bowl of cereal and his second cup of coffee. He headed into the living room and turned on Hulu. He was very slowly making his way through his backlog of TV. He picked a show and turned it on as he ate in silence.
He rubbed the tears from his eyes. “I know, it’s new for you. Is it overwhelming?”
“Because I got the best person in the world to be my older brother.” He chuckled and Dean laughed with him. “But seriously Dean, it’s going to be okay. Just stick with him. I know he loves you.”
“I can feel you staring at me.” He rolled over suddenly glaring at him.
Dean was still on autopilot as he went up the stairs. He waved at the Novak parents as he got to the top of the stairs. He followed Castiel to his room.
“Who could hate dogs?”
Chuck winked at Dean.
“Aye, many years ago, I gave birth to Fergus.” She sighed
Anyway, I hope you all are well.
“I’m fine. I just want to make sure the pain meds are out of my system.” He tossed Castiel the keys. “Don’t wreck us.” He said as he walked to the passenger side.
“What are you guys playing?” She asked Jack
Dean nodded. “Yeah, we will try to open tomorrow.” He said as he unbuckled his seatbelt.
“Ummm, are we… are we flirting?”
Castiel sat at the table in the library. He stared at his cup of coffee. His body ached in a way he couldn’t quite understand yet. Being human, kind of sucked at times. He sighed. That’s what Dean told him when he got him after he first fell.
“He is going to help us out for today.” Dean said. He nodded to the office. “Follow me.” The two of them walked into Dean’s office. Dean walked over to his closet and pulled out a pair of pants and a shirt. “Here.” He handed him the clothes. “I got a bathroom attached to the office so that way if we are busy the kitchen crew doesn’t have to swim through the crowd to pee.”
“I am so nervous.” Dean confessed to Sam as they drove to Castiel’s house. His heart was pounding, his hands sweaty, he wanted to run away and yet he was excited.
“True.” He yawned. “I’m really tired.”
“Sure.” Sam said with a sigh as he got up from the desk. “I am going to head out and get to the store myself before everything is bought up.” He pulled out his phone. “Eileen stayed home sick today she said the local news has been hanging around Kroger showing bare shelves.”
“I know who it is. It makes sense now.” She remained quiet for the rest of the ride out of the woods.
“He used our first names.” He shrugged. “Makes it easy to remember.” He quirked his lip up in a half-smile
“Of course he did, Dean.” He said in a suggestive tone. “Because when you really care about someone you do stuff for them that makes them happy.”
“I’ll make it.” Dean let go of his hand as he stood up. Castiel considered protesting letting Dean cook but he had noticed he was stubborn. Most likely if he told Dean to sit and rest Dean would be offended. “How about waffles?”
“Set a date already? I was just joking.”
He blinked. “I am different?”
“I want to be with you forever too, Cas.” Dean leaned forward and captured his lips with his own. “Is this a marriage proposal?”
It felt like the biggest gesture in the world like a… proposal. Oh my God, did Cas just propose to him?
Dean was first to break the kiss stating that he needed to breathe. “So, how about we go and have a real Valentine’s day?”
She listened intently. “So, you are trying to get your brother’s man back so your brother can be happy?”
“Since today.” Castiel said
“You don’t get lost.”
Castiel nodded and took Dean’s hand. They walked towards the back of the house that Dean hadn’t seen yet. It opened up into a very large family room. The Novak children were sitting on the couch.
“Well, if that worked there was a vase I liked.” He smirked
“Yeah, duh, who else would it be?”
“Yeah, it would be.” Awkwardness hung heavy in the air between them. Dean knew what he wanted. He wanted to date Cas to go out with him be with him… anything that had to do with him. He stopped himself though. Firstly Castiel was his employee, second of all the guy was clearly going through something… Dean didn’t know if he was in a place to date. Hell, the guy didn’t have a roof over his head. Castiel was pretty dodgy about the homeless situation. Once the crew got to know him several of them had offered to let him crash at their place and each time he rejected them. Garth was the first one to offer him and Castiel had said he didn’t want to get in the way of him and Bess. Then Benny tried and lastly Sam. Sam had suggested to Dean hadn’t found courage. Not that he didn’t want Castiel to live with him. Castiel was adorable and enduring, he didn’t understand pop culture, he would tilt his head in such an adorable way when he was confused… and these were not appropriate thoughts to have about an employee. Truthfully he was scared. Scared if he let Castiel into his life he would never want to let him go scared of falling for him, scared of it turning into a roll in the hay and awkward looks at work.
“Okay then, we meet back here at 4:30. Stay in contact, we don’t need to lose anyone else. Dismissed.” She said and the crowd dispersed in multiple directions.
He looked at Donna. “Honestly, no,” He sighed. “I’ve been thinking about how things might have been different if… I went for it with Cas.” He sipped his beer. “Do you ever… think about leaving the life?”
“Is that why you brought me out here? To solicit me to work for you?”
Sam rolled over he was in his sleep. He was awoken by a mumbling noise. He slowly opened his eyes to the dark room. He frowned. He had gotten used to the comfort of the bunker he had a hard time sleeping in dingy motel rooms now. He sighed. The room was completely dark he could barely make out the darkness that was Dean in his bed. He heard the mumbling noise again. Dean was probably having a nightmare.
“Conflict is bad for business you see and we have associates here who might be… offended by family in-fighting.” She patted his shoulder. “It was lovely meeting you though. Perhaps we should have dinner sometime.”
“Well, welcome to the outskirts.” He opened the front door to the place for him. “There isn’t much in this part of town. Some antique stores and this place that’s about it.”
Castiel couldn’t help but smile as he sat down. “Thank you, Dean.” He said to him
Dean smiled. “Cas got back to me.” He informed Sam
Dean started the car and eased it back on the highway. He was quiet as he focused on the road. Castiel watched the trees as they drove by them admiring the various colors they were turning into. Fall was arriving. The crisp air reminded him of that. He took in the fact that he could feel the cold air. Being an angel, he never truly felt cold and regarded the changing seasons as merely a thing that happened. But, somehow, now being human, he could take in the beauty and splendor of the changes.
“And you shoveled out our parking lot. Take a day, Cas, it’s fine.”
Castiel agreed. He wanted to talk to him about what to do about Dean, plus it looked like Gabriel had some questions for him that he didn’t want to ask at dinner. He got in his car and followed behind Gabriel which was an easy task considering he was driving a neon yellow vehicle. Eventually, they stopped at a little coffee shop that was across the street from the sweet shop. He got out of the car. His brother was waiting for him by the door.
Castiel smiled he tried to fix his own hair. “Dean,” He started
He rolled up his straw paper in between his fingers. “So, Lucas wants me to have dinner with him and his family. I was wondering if you would come with me?”
“He delivers Christmas presents to good children. He and his elves make all the children in the world toys and on Christmas he goes to every kids’ place and leaves them the presents.” Sam said
“It was but… I want a date with you that isn’t at my restaurant or my house.”
Sam walked out of the library and into his room. He needed some privacy for this. He closed his eyes. “Jack,” He started. “I know this is… uh, a bit weird… but uh, and I know you said you wanted to be hands-off but we… we need you’re help. Dean is… Dean is falling apart without Cas. Me, Eileen, and Rowena are trying to save Cas so we can… so Dean can be happy. The Empty it’s collapsing because of the bomb. We don’t have a lot of time if we don’t… if we don’t do something then Cas is going to be gone forever so… if you can… help us.” He opened his eyes expecting to see Jack in the room. He sighed. No Jack. “Damn it.” He cursed. He sat on the bed with his hands in his hair. He knew it wasn’t going to be easy but he was hoping, just hoping the universe would cut him some slack.
Castiel sighed. “I sometimes take orders. That’s how I found out about Lucas.”
“Then that’s what counts.” He started the car. “Even if you can’t play the game as long as you have fun doing it then that’s what’s important.”
“Oh?”
Castiel’s less than pure thoughts were interrupted when a waitress approached the table. They placed their order and she left. Castiel decided it was time to man up and break the ice. “So what do you do for a living, Dean? I never got the chance to ask.”
“Keep in contact, Cas, we are just a phone call away.” Chuck said
He blinked. “Awfully sudden, don’t you,” His words were cut off as she grabbed him by the arm.
“No internet Claire, for your behavior at the party.”
“It is fine by me, Dean.” He held up the clothes. “I’m uh, going to get changed.” He walked towards the bathroom.
“Yeah.”
He looked at the bunker. He shook his head. “I can’t, man, ever since Cas left it…” He shook his head again.
Castiel rolled his eyes but laughed. “Thank you. I uh, I don’t think I could have handled this alone.” He didn’t do well under pressure. Seeing Dean suffering like that broke something in him making him useless. He didn’t like that but he managed to pull himself together long enough to help Dean.
“I am serious. I have a hard time reading people. I don’t notice when they flirt with me. If you weren’t so forward I would have walked off with the painting and just thought about what a nice uh,” He stopped his face grew hot
“Cas, Cas, buddy are you okay?” Dean asked. He laid his hand on his shoulder.
He nodded. He let go of his hand. “Yeah.” There was a heavy silence that fell over them. Dean sighed. “So, uh, I’m going to try to clear the driveway since it stopped snowing.” He got up to head to the closet to get his winter gear.
She looked at Castiel. Her face softened and her mouth fell open. “Castiel? Castiel is that you?”
“Nothing just having a one-man pity party that Mike got in the middle of.” Dean waved in the general direction of Michael who was gone now. He rolled his eyes. Angels, they certainly loved to make an exit.
“If that’s the case then maybe I do need the latest iPhone.”
He chuckled. “I was planning on a pit stop anyway. Baby needs gas.”
“Not in the purest form of the word.”
Castiel lifted his head and looked into his eyes. “So, what now?” he asked his face red-tinted.
“Nope.”
“But how are you awake? You shouldn’t be the Shadow they…”
Dean studied the beer in his hand as he soaked in some sun on the back deck. He sighed as he watched the clouds float overhead. His back was feeling a bit better. The itching, the pulling sensation was still there but not as bad as it was. He shifted as he wrapped his lips around the beer. He was not used to relaxing but he could get used to it. The screen door opened and shut with a rattling slam. He looked up to see Clair walking up to him. He waved at her as she sat beside him in another chair. “What’s up?” He asked her.
“Sam,” Eileen said snapping him out of his thoughts. “It’s only been the first day. Let’s not get discouraged yet.”
He nodded with a sigh. “Right, right.” He got out of the car. He straightened up his clothes and headed in with Castiel.
“You are upset.” He stated. “But I… I understand most of it I,” He smiled. “I made this,” He gestured around the field they stood in. “And I made angels and,” He frowned. “I don’t understand why,” He stared at her for a moment. “I don’t understand.” He repeated. That’s what the problem was. He was too young. How could he understand? He barely understood himself. How could he be God? He accidentally hurt people in the past now… now he could wipe out the human race with a snap of his fingers. His chest ached. He was scared and exhausted. He wanted to go home. He wanted to see his family. He missed the Bunker, Dean’s burgers, Sam’s random trivia, and Castiel’s wisdom. The rumble of the Impala, the smell of the Earth after the rain, Netflix, Star Wars, he missed all of it. The taste of nougat. What had he done? Why did he take on Chuck’s powers? It didn’t make him happy, it stressed him more than anything. He wanted his life back. He wanted to go home. He felt tears prickle his eyes. He backed away from them. He needed to get away. He had to.
He blinked. Wait, Claire Novak…. His stomach hit the ground. Holy shit! She was Cas’s niece. He licked his lips as his mind raced. He mentally slapped himself. Get your shit together. He told himself. She may not even be the same one… though what were the chances of there being more than one Novak? Not like it was a very common last name in this town. He smiled at the class. “Well, for these six weeks I will be your teacher.” He walked in front of his desk and half sat on the front of it. “My name is Dean Winchester.” He was pretty sure he heard a sound come from Claire. He looked at her. He noticed her face turn a little red and she tried to hide her face behind her hair. Great just great. He was meeting Cas’s niece for the first time… in his class. “You can call me Dean. Please do not call me Mr. Winchester. If you do I won’t answer.” The class chuckled at that. Kids always like a laid back teacher. “Alright let’s get started.”
They walked to the Impala. Dean sighed. “What do you think is going on?”
He put it out of his mind for now. He studied Castiel’s eyes for a minute. All he saw in them was love and devotion. Holy shit! He was serious, wasn’t he? He kept his eyes on him, feeling the weight of them in his soul as he reached under the seat and pulled out a package of wipes he kept down there for moments like this. He held them out to Castiel who kept his eyes on him as he took some form the package. He looked away as he got cleaned up.
Happily Ever After
“Come on let’s go.” He charged out of the room like his butt was on fire. Dean didn’t question it and followed him. He considered going back and grabbing the bear for Castiel but maybe the other man had a reason to leave the bear.
He flinched. He ran his hand along his beard and sighed. Benny had spent some time in jail during his misspent youth. He was involved in a crime ring back in New Orleans. He was in and out of jail for years until he met Andrea who with her guiding hand helped him get back on the right path. After Hurricane Katrina, he found himself displaced and had a hard time finding work due to his criminal record until one day he wandered into this same restaurant and applied to be a cook. Dean was there that day when John took the rugged-looking Benny into the kitchen and asked him to fry a hamburger. Once he declared it was the best one he had ever had John hired him on the spot. Never did care that he spent a few months behind bars just cared that he was a hell of a cook.
“I thought you were a hunter!” Dean shouted. His jaw tight with agitation
“So our best bet is Gabriel?”
“Yeah, yeah I’m good.” He rubbed his eyes. “Let’s… let’s get this tree up and finally have Christmas again in the Winchester home.”
Dean handed her a hundred dollar bill. “Not so bad considering.”
“Do you even know if they work? Hasn’t it been years since you guys put up a tree?”
“It’s uh, no big deal. I mean I can swing by the bookstore and see what I can get from Bobby.”
“The hell man!” Dean demanded as his heart rate got back to normal.
“I guess we can.”
“Clarence!” The woman shouted. “Come on up, man.”
Dean sighed. “It ain’t instant.” He looked at his watch. “I should get you home it’s pretty late.”
“Castiel but you can call me Cas.”
“I don’t,” Dean started but Castiel cut him off.
Dean looked at him bitting back a smile. “We got a call today about it. Something about needing more manpower to find these missing people.”
“Yeah, well, we should go leave you two alone for a bit. Let you guys work some things out.”
Benny smiled. “Sure, boss.”
He looked at his dining room table that was far too big for him and Sam. He could see it now. The whole lot of them at the table smiling and laughing. He felt a warmness spread through his body. He smiled to himself. He felt hopeful, he felt… love… he knew that it was ‘too early’ in the relationship but somehow he knew already he and Castiel were meant to be together.
“Well, wouldn’t you rather be here than back home with Sammy?” He blushed again. Castiel could feel his own face heating up. “I mean, we could have some privacy.”
“You don’t shower.” Dean stated.
“And down to the cabin.” He stared at the grooves. “It even hid its trail. Clearly, it has some intelligence.”
“Great.” Crowley sighed. “Maybe we should focus our efforts on getting the Hell out of here!” he snipped
“Okay, I’ll eat you can watch and pretend to eat. We’ll just talk like we usually do when we go out to eat.” He winked at him
Castiel chuckled. “I wish I had the confidence you do.”
Castiel was crying too. He sniffed softly. “I won’t go, Dean. I won’t leave you.”
“Yes please.” Castiel said. He took his hand and walked down the hall to his room. His heart was full of emotions. He couldn’t believe it he finally got his Dean.
She sniffed rubbing her dark make-up. “Well, I don’t feel very strong.” She sniffed again. “I still feel like that weak little girl… watching my non-father walk away.”
“How about we come with you?” Dean suggested. He looked at Castiel in silent confirmation.
They headed back to the cabin in mostly silence. Just the sounds of the radio filled the car. “You know,” Dean started. “When you get your car, you are going to need some tunes.”
He opened his mouth to argue when he saw someone descending the stairs. Castiel couldn’t recognize his brethren in their vessels so he had no idea who it was.
“Not this one.” He patted his chest and smiled. “Come on. Let’s get up before Sammy does.” He climbed out of bed
“Yeah, yeah I’m good.” He said which was a lie.
“Cas?” He all but moaned
“Okay, now that it’s mixed we form it into balls and lay it on the cookie sheet.” Dean said. He grabbed some of the dough and balls it in his hands for example.
“Scared the shit out me.” He hissed. He closed the app and realized he still hadn’t heard from Cas. An hour had passed now. He licked his lips. Cas was probably busy.
Dean scoffed. “I knew it! There’s an angle with you, Mike. Here I thought you might actually give a damn and you want to do is rebuild heaven’s army.”
Dean took her hand. “Nice to meet you, Ranger Sarah.” He smiled at her. “My name is Dean and this is my husband Castiel.”
He grabbed his hand causing Dean to let out a gasp. “But you are, you are a special human being, Dean. You deserve love and to be loved and don’t ever tell yourself otherwise. No matter,” He kissed his hand watching Dean’s reaction. He didn’t want to scare him off but Dean focused on him. His green eyes focused on him so intently. “I know you think you’re nothing but a warrior but that is far from the truth. You are an amazing person, Dean. You are more than the soldier your father wanted you to be.”
Dean glanced down at his tented pants. “I mean, yeah, I’m rock hard but it was about you, you can take a nap I’ll rub one out in the shower.”
“Did he… Cas, did he hit you?” He asked. His heart was heavy he could not imagine someone hurting Castiel. He was so sweet and kind.
“Sam,” She took his hand. “It’s going to be okay. We will get him back.”
Castiel watched the ice melt in his glass. He was unsure why Dean was so hung up on him getting ‘laid’. He had far better things to be doing.  They were on a hunt, they were busy doing research and yet Dean insisted they come out to this bar on the hunt for women. He should have stayed home with Sam but he wanted to spend time with Dean.
“Did I what?” he asked almost afraid to take the plate from Dean.
started to play. Dean leaned in and whispered in Castiel’s ear. “This is my favorite song by them.” He kissed him on the neck
He caught a whiff of coffee. It smelt heavenly to him at this point. He glanced at himself in the mirror he was dressed. He didn’t smell too offensive so he decided to head to the kitchen area. Dean was at the table with a large mug of coffee in front of him. “Um,” He hesitated. “Good morning.”
“Cas,” He sighed. “I can’t believe we have been dancing around this for so long… thinking the other one wasn’t interested.” He chuckled. “When we could have been together.”
“You want to play mini-golf?”
Castiel let out a breath. “Okay, here we go.”
“Oh, uh, I didn’t think of that.” He smiled. “I would like that.”
“Hmm,” He nodded. “So… Cas didn’t know what would make him happy… it was…” It played out in his mind. Castiel smiling, the black ooze, the I love you. “He told me how I was this great person and how he learned to love because of me… then he said the one thing he wanted he couldn’t have, and then he… told me he loved me.” He felt a huge weight off his chest. He couldn’t believe he held it in for so long. He wanted to cry but he also wanted to celebrate. He didn’t realize how much it hurt to hold it in for so long. It had been months since Cas was taken he held onto it like poison and it poisoned him in return.
She shook her head. “Look, buddy, I don’t know what you two’s deal is but no one is getting up on that mountain, okay? The sheriff has it locked down tight. No one is getting near it until those hikers are found.” She tapped the pamphlet. “There’s plenty of trails here in the park and around town that you don’t need to go near that mountain. So stay away from it.” She stomped off the porch and marched towards the direction of her home.
Dean looked at the clock to see it was nearing six. Castiel was right they probably were looking for them.
He studied the empty glass. He had two choices, he could wander out in the crowd and tell Meg and Uriel (the other member of the have some fun club) that he was going to go home or he could drink so more and drown his troubles. He licked his lips. He could go for another drink then go from there.
“Seemed right.” Dean said. He ran his hands through his hair silently swearing at himself for ruining his hair.
He chuckled. They ate in silence. He watched Dean’s face. He smiled being with Dean made him happy, even if he ate like a slob. He was a lovely creature that filled his soul with pure happiness. He didn’t think it was possible to be this happy. He had never considered himself worthy of a relationship like this. He thought himself as a ruined man after what happened with his ex. The pain he caused him, the humiliation, Castiel just wrote off ever being with another person again when he got away from him. But then he met Dean, the man who showed him kindness, who showed him love, who showed him he wasn’t broken that he was worthy of being loved again. He reached out and took Dean’s hand.
He nodded. “Oh yeah, still good, baby.”
“Dean,” She said with tears filling her eyes.
She shook her head. “I… ran, I couldn’t deal with… it came.”
“I’ll have,” Meg started
He turned around to see Castiel there. He had to admit he was avoiding him. “Hey.” He said softly
“Cas!” Anna called she got up from the table
He blushed a little. “I am… I never thought you would have.”
“Cas, uh,” Dean stood up and grabbed onto his shoulders when he weaved. “Dude, you would be someone who would get drunk on one beer.” He sighed.
“Cas,” He was at loss for words.
“The Empty it’s collapsing?”
“Who hit on you?” Anna asked
“You’d sacrifice yourself to save these people what makes me different?”
“Oh yeah.”
“He told me he loved me, and I was too shocked to say anything. He died thinking I didn’t love him. It’s been eating me up since then. I let him down and all I keep thinking is, he’s there in that awful place probably reliving that moment over and over.”
Sam sighed. “Of course you don’t. You haven’t been human for that long… Cas, as an angel did you feel emotions?”
“Stop it or I’ll make you sleep in the car.”
“Welcome to my humble home.” Castiel said as they approached the camp.
“He’s wanting to reconnect with his family. But he isn’t sure if they are living in the same place as before. I was wondering if you could help.”
They headed back to the car all the while Dean was blushing mad. What did the clerk mean by honeymoon? Wasn’t that something married people did? He and Dean weren’t married… right?
“Yeah, just come right out and tell this guy that you have a kid at home.”
Dean smiled at him. “I’ve been wanting to do this for a while.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Monster got the upper hand on me. It’s bound to happen since we aren’t the center of Chuck’s universe anymore.” He tried to shrug which was hard given he was on his side.
“No,” He started
“The walk-in is making weird noises again I want him to check out the fan.”
“Yeah, the cops took care of them after you went to the hospital.” He studied him for a minute. “Dean, what the hell was that?”
“I’m not done, I gave her my number to give to him and I still haven’t heard from him. What should I do?”
The truth was Castiel never had much luck in the relationship department. He was late to the dating scene gone throughout high school with no dates; he didn’t even go to his prom. On the other hand, however, Jimmy married his high school sweetheart. Castiel after that just sort of focused on his career. He got through college fairly easily, started up his business (tough it had help from his family’s farming company) and aided troubled youth. He was in his thirties now and had zero to no luck on the dating scene. It rarely worked out. He was pretty sure only one of them he saw more than once. He smirked to himself. He even botched online dating when Meg set him up an account. Dating didn’t seem to come easy for him. Not for the lack of trying.
Chuck whispered something to Naomi and she nodded. “We are going to go and let you go and you have your moment.”
“I want…” He smelled the food again. “Real food.” He protested. “And I want a break. We just stopped can’t we rest for a minute.”
“Not yet,” His voice strained. “But you are just… going through the motions. You wake up, we have breakfast, and we live but you’re not alive, Dean. You’re just there. Today, it proves my point. You tried so hard to get me to leave, to let you die, to, uh, give you permission to pass but that’s not,” He huffed his voice weakening. “That’s not… don’t put this on me, Dean.”
Castiel removed his tan coat and hung it on the coatrack. He slipped off his suit jacket as he walked into the bathroom. Dean was going to prepare them diner and that made him feel… excited. He enjoyed Dean’s cooking. Ever since they started living in the bunker, Dean had been slowly getting custom to making meals. Sam was still hesitant to call the place home, but, it warmed Castiel’s heart to see Dean happy and making a home. He knew how much home meant to Dean. It was something he had wanted that he never got, his home was his car for most of his life but to have an actual home meant the world to Dean. Castiel could understand. He didn’t know what it meant to have a home when he was in heaven. He supposed, heaven was his home but it never felt like it. He didn’t know true peace, the true feeling of belonging until he met the Winchesters. There he had found his home.
“Good.” Castiel said. He pulled out a chair for Dean and then sat down too. They had taken off their engagement rings to make it a surprise.
Dean felt naked with the Castiel’s strong gaze gone but then again he was already naked so… He got to cleaning himself up. He was wishing he waited until they got home but it was too late now.
Castiel inhaled sharply and continued.  “Then the following year he decided he wouldn’t let me work. He said he made enough money to keep us going. Then if we went to the store he went with me and kept me at arm’s length. He would get mad if anyone talked to me. After he took my phone, he took my computer, he was concerned that quote ‘I would leave him for someone else’. About the only things he let me do was watch TV and read. I was almost completely isolated from the outside world.” He clenched his fists. “He told me my one job on this Earth was to please him, to be a ‘good little husband’. I had to cook for him; I had to always perform whatever sexual acts he wanted. If I told him no he would tell me I should be grateful that he let me stay with him. He threatened me more than a couple of times that he would toss me out on my own with nothing if I didn’t do what he wanted. I finally one night had enough. I told him I was sick of him that I wanted to go home and never see him again; that was when he hit me. I realized then that I had to get out for my safety.”
“Try harder next time,” Castiel said as he leveled his gun at him
“No,” He shook his head. “The last time I was here, they booted me out for annoying them.”
“Morning.” Dean said. They headed into the kitchen area. “Since Garth isn’t going to be here today Cas is going to be our waiter.”
Their food arrived shortly and they ate in relative silence just enjoying one another’s company. Dean paid for the meal and Castiel insisted on leaving the tip stating it was only fair for him to contribute somehow. Dean didn’t argue with him.
“No, I… Have a seat, Lucas.”
“Wait you own the bar?”
She nodded and bid him goodbye.
He kissed his cheek. “Of course.” He smiled. “Especially, if your face lights up like that when you see it.”
Chapter 3
Sam was at his side holding onto his hand. “You’re going to be okay, Dean.”
Sam looked around the group. “Are we ready?”
“Grown-ups are talking here, I never felt like I deserved it. I was living a lie, doing what I thought was right. Sleeping with women, you know. I felt a small spark with Cassie but I would have dragged her down. Then with Lisa, it was… I think I was confused.” He shook his head. “You were right when you said that I only went back to her because you said so. I needed someone to love… I guess I could have had it but I didn’t know if… shit.” He trailed off
“I would like to make a toast to my brother Sammy.” He held up his glass. “I am happy that you got through college, passed your bar exam and are now a lawyer.” He smiled. “You’re my brother and I love you. I owe you a lot.” He looked for Sam in the crowd who was easy to find as he towered over everyone. “Hell, if it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t have gone to the farmers market and I wouldn’t have met my husband. So this is to you, Sam, best little brother ever who accidentally helped me met the one.”
Dean groaned as he covered his face. “It’s an expression.” He sighed. “Why are you mad?”
Castiel let out a whine of a groan as he came in Dean’s hands. Dean cleaned off his hands then cleaned Castiel’s privates. Castiel let out a sigh of contentment. “Now I’m ready to go back to bed.”
“Oh uh, well… when I was a teen… I wasn’t very popular so while my brothers and sisters were out with friends or whatever I choose to stay home and while at home my grandpa showed me the art of beekeeping.” He smiled thinking back on those times in his grandfather’s backyard as he went over the best way to harvest the honey.
“Dean!” Castiel shouted
Dean snickered. “Does this happen often, Cas?” he teased.
Dean shook his head. “You shouldn’t let her talk to you like that, Cas.” He started the car and backed out of the driveway.
Anna scoffed. “Sex without a relationship is hollow.”
“She has no reason to trust me.” He pointed out as he started the car
“I slept well enough.” He rubbed his arm and sighed. Truthfully, his sleep was fitful and full of nightmares.
Michael’s normally stoic face broke into one of despair. “F-father, he… he did something to me… he made me,” He ran his hands over his face. “I… didn’t want to do it.”
Castiel smiled. “Drive yourself insane with worry and doubt.” He teased.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Dude, this is a hunt, not a nature hike, remember?”
He sighed. “Let’s talk about something else,”
“Yeah, so anyway, I opened up my business back home. My first client was a small businesswoman named Kelly.” He blushed when he mentioned her name. “I helped her with her A.C. and asked her on a date… I was terrible at client relations and she started helping me maintain my books and setting up appointments.” He chuckled. “She got pregnant; we got married then went into business together.”
Dean blinked. Oh yeah, the typewriter. “Oh, uh,” He picked up the heavy thing and held it out in front of him. “While me and Sam were at Crowley’s he had this… and well,” He pushed it into Cas’s hands. “Open it up.” He smiled at him
Dean and Castiel were already there. Dean looked up at him and nodded. “Ready to go, Sammy?”
He sighed. “Yes, I went out mother. It happens.”
“No, save your money. You got a son to take care of.”
Eileen looked up at him then at Sam. “Can he help?”
He narrowed his eyes at him. “Are you lying to me?”
Castiel stared at the table before him offering up various t-shirts with several off-colored comments on them. He smirked at a few that boasted jokes about big dicks, and ones about beasts. At best they were clever for a teenager or perhaps a young twenty-something but being he was in his thirties and employed at the local doctor's office. He doubted it would look good on him wearing something that announced to the world that he liked dick or something along those lines. Now that he thought about it… he really shouldn’t be here. He frowned. Here he was at the Sex Trade Show in Vegas. He had no interest in attending the event but Gabriel talked him into it.
“I’m awkward as fuck.”
Crowley took the money and bagged the books. “You two are going to make me vomit.”
He got out of bed and retrieved his phone from its charger. There weren’t any new messages. He sighed. Maybe this Dean person didn’t get on Facebook much. Maybe he was like his uncle and only got on Facebook when he was on his computer. He frowned to himself as he collected fresh clothes. He headed into the bathroom taking off his current clothes. He tossed them in the hamper making note that he needed to do laundry. He washed up and got dressed.
“But it’s uh, not since your… you and I’m me.”
“Okay,” He pulled out four flannel shirts and the same amount of jeans. He stuck them in the bag and zipped it up. “They're packed.”
He nodded as he eyed him some more. Castiel wondered if the wheels were turning in Dean’s head.
“They are getting the catering,” Claire said as she handed some of the flowers to Kaia. “Some people,” She looked at Castiel. “Have the decorating ability of a child.”
“Yes, it does. It’s got that same pensive look on its face.” Dean teased.
He shook his head. “Not like you know how I feel.” He huffed under his breath as he pulled the suit out of its bag.
Dean sighed. “Humans… we have a hard time explaining the unexplained. It’s easier to ignore something that’s right in front of you rather than admit that something is going on.”
Kelly walked up to Castiel and slipped twenty dollars in his hand. Far too generous of a tip but before he could protest she and Jack were out the door. He sighed. He wouldn’t worry about it right now. He finished his shift without a problem. Being a waiter wasn’t nearly as hard as he thought it would be. He looked at the tips he had gathered. He had made a good amount of money today. It wouldn’t take long and he would be able to fund his trip back home. His heart sunk. He wasn’t ready to go home though. He wasn’t prepared to face his family and he sure as hell wasn’t ready to leave Dean. No, he didn’t want to leave Dean at all. He ran his hand through his hair and stuck the money back in his pocket. Maybe he could just take Dean with him when he went to visit his family. He sighed. He really did need to talk to Dean about it.
“I just worry about you, honey. I would feel better if you stayed here with us.”
He looked up realizing Sam left the door open. Across the hall was the room that Cas used. His breath hitched. He hadn’t been in there since… well, since that happened. His feet moved on his own as he crossed the hall. His fist raised to knock then remembered there was no point. No one lived in there anymore. He frowned. Everyone that had passed through the Bunker he had left the room they stayed in exactly as they had left it, almost like a shrine. It was hard. The hunters from the other universe most of them had family and loved ones that came with them. Their stuff was taken or they burned it to keep from having ghosts. There had been so much going on lately that he… never cleaned any other room. His mom’s room was the same as she left it. Jack’s was the same and… so was Cas’s.
“Thanks, man, I’m starving.” Dean said setting up in bed.
He glared at Meg and rolled his eyes. The two of them had been friends since middle school. Once they graduated and finished college he offered her a job helping him manage his honey company. Though his honey business was part of his family farm, it was a company of its own. “No, Meg,” He smirked. “I just have a date with someone.”
“The Shadow,” Castiel said. “They are a cosmic entity that controls this place.”
He buried his head in his hands. He shouldn’t hold it against them. They hadn’t had a gathering like this in years that didn’t mean that they didn’t want anything to do with him. They were friendly enough to him. He let out a sad sigh. He pulled his phone out of his pocket he thought about calling Sam.
The man looked up at him his blue eyes wide. “I am sorry I uh… this alley has the best light and I wanted to read…” He stated with a matter of fact tone. He was standing under the light that lit the alleyway. The orange light cast an ethereal glow on his tanned skin and made his eyes sparkle. It wasn’t the most flattering light but it worked for him.
Castiel looked at him. His blue eyes lit up. He must really like books. He smiled. “I would love that, Dean, but you have already done so much for me.”
“Blue I guess, I don’t really notice.” He shrugged. “Not something I pay attention to.”
They headed down to the car. Dean packed the bags in the trunk. He made sure the house was locked up. Sam was going to check on it while he was gone but he wanted to make sure everything was okay. He got into the car with Castiel. “Ready?” He asked him
Dean started to laugh. “Oh man. That was fun.” He ran his hands through his hair and tried to smooth it back
She had dark hair and blue eyes. She could very well be that guy’s sister or just as easily his wife or girlfriend. “A sample?” She asked as she offered up a cup.
“Shoot.”
He needed to wake him up. He didn’t want to hear this. It was like an invasion of privacy. Then Dean groaned out one word. “Cas.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
He chuckled. “I watched a lot of romance movies.”
“Yeah, sure if you want to.” Dean pulled on his boots and his coat. He dug in the closet until he found an old pair of winter boots and a coat for Castiel. “This isn’t the best in the world so when you get cold just go back in, okay? We don’t need you getting frostbite.”
She scoffed. “Well, he never understood your  references.”
Lucas got up. “Well, since I’m Gabe’s ride to the airport I guess I should get going too.” He sighed. “Kelly needs me at home anyway.” He nodded at Dean. “I will see you later, Dean.”
“It’s me,” Dean said
He walked down to the room that Castiel was using. He kept spare bedding in a closet by the laundry room. He opened up the closet and got a blanket. He looked into Castiel’s room and spied the bear. He walked into the room. He felt like an intruder. This was Castiel’s space now. He took it all in. All of his books were on the shelf. Dog-eared and well-read. His bed was neatly made up with the bear sitting in the middle of the bed. He picked it up and headed upstairs with the blanket plus the bear.
Sam looked at Dean who shrugged. “It’s fine, man. Not like we are naked. I would have told you if we were.” He chuckled
She moved the cloth away and looked at the wound. “It’s bad.” She stated. She pulled out a pair of scissors and cut open Dean’s shirt. “But I think he should live. He just lost a lot of blood.” She took out a needle and thread. She lit a lighter over the needle cleaning the germs off. “I’m going to patch him up so they can take him to the hospital.”
“I promise, Sam, I will behave myself.” Castiel said from across the room
She huffed an angry sound. “What’s the Empty? Can we get him back?”
He texted Cas back
He smirked at him. “Well, you’re in here. Might as well get you dirty so we can get you clean too.”
They got out of the car. Dean was glad to be home. He felt the stress melt away until his mind decided to remind him that he had a guest. He looked at Castiel who stood there staring at him waiting for further instructions. He sighed. “I figure you can leave your tent in the garage.” Dean said hoping to ease the awkwardness he was feeling.
He shook his head. “No, not until you… your less awkward with people.” He huffed as he headed to the door.
“I think I’ll be fine.” Dean said
“I umm, accept your apology.” Dean could see him blush somewhat.
Dean took in a breath then continued. “I feel like an idiot. Looking back on it, it was so freaking obvious. He might as well came out and confessed. I mean, he, watched whatever stupid movie I picked, he listened to music I liked he would… hell, he did die for me several times. I was so caught up in myself that I never noticed, I never listened and now I…” His voice broke. “I can’t tell him. I can’t make him coffee in the morning, I can’t kiss him, I can’t share a shower with him. I can’t do any of that stuff because he’s gone and he ain’t coming back.” He sobbed
Dean’s eyes opened up as he slowed down. He even reminded him not to hit the car on anything.
Dean scoffed as he tossed the stuff on the bed again. “Jeez, Sammy, I almost died doesn’t mean that I,”
“Yes, Sam.” He huffed. “Geez, you got a problem with Cas all the sudden?”
Castiel got the food on the plates. His hands shaking a little bit as he did it. He was excited. He got to spend more time with Dean. He could… he could actually have Dean all to himself. He swallowed hard. He would be alone with Dean. He glanced at Dean who was on the phone. He could have him. “Wow.” He said softly to himself. The realization hit hard. This was his chance his moment. He was finally going to be with Dean. He felt dizzy for a moment as the blood rushed through his body. He sucked in a breath. Even if he was alone with him that didn’t mean they were going to have sexual relations. For all he knew, Dean wasn’t ready for that. If not that was fine as well, he relished at the chance to spend time with him like a couple. He wondered if Dean had actually ever been on a date before. Dean’s life didn’t exactly lead to an opportunity to stick down roots and get to know people. From what Castiel had observed Dean was as the humans put it, a ‘love them and leave them’ type of person.
He smirked and nodded. “I am very observant. Nice to see you back in the old dating game, Dean.”
“You’re not an idiot. You were a kid. You didn’t know any better. Most people don’t make wise decisions in their early twenties.” He rubbed his thumb on Castiel’s hand in what he hoped was soothing motions. He felt Castiel’s hand slowly relax.
“Dude, we got to do laundry.” He grumbled. He still looked tired.
He sighed. “Anna, she uh, told me that you guys can’t love. Or that you don’t… have any desire to… be with someone… pretty much so… I figured you wouldn’t want to. Or worse you would do it just because I wanted it and I didn’t want you to think that you had to.”
He sighed. “Dean, surely you’ve noticed how’s he’s changed. He is certainly experiencing more emotions than he used to. Who’s to say he hasn’t fallen in love with you.”
Dean relaxed as they went through a drive-through. He happily ate his sandwich and drank his milkshake. Sam continued to drive taking a few bits of his food here and there. He considered lecturing his brother about it but he was eager to get home. Once the food was down he took another pain pill to ease the throbbing pain that had developed.
He felt his face redden. He wanted the floor to open up and swallow him whole. He was so embarrassed. He was an adult he knew better. He couldn’t just go smooching on Dean like a horny teenager like that. Not at work at least. He had to be some form of professional. He finished his food and got up from the table. He headed to the kitchen and made sure to keep a wide path away from Sam. He walked into the kitchen and laid his dish at the sink station.
“I want to get some basic stuff out of the way.”
“Good, did you get him to talk about… you know?”
“I didn’t know what you wanted to drink.” He said to Dean. He pointed at the kitchen. “Help yourself.”
They got in the car. Dean sighed. “I’ll call Sam to see if he what else he might have found out. Tomorrow, you and I are going to get up on that mountain.”
Dean then remembered the tie he got for him. “Oh,” He reached over to his neck and started to undo his tie. He watched the blush form across Castiel’s face. Dean chuckled he liked how the angel would sometimes get flustered or caught off guard by his actions.
She asked with her arms crossed over her chest.
They held each other like that in the hallway for what felt like an eternity and not long enough. Castiel felt like he was floating. He was never so in love in his life.
“No,” Castiel said into his shoulder. “You deserve it all and then some more.” He looked into his eyes. His big blue eyes that Dean always admired, even before he realized he had feelings for him, was full of love. “You deserve the world, Dean.”
Dean laughed. “You like them?” He asked as he flexed his calf muscle
The angel followed him into the store. Dean was discussing getting a tree when Castiel realized that he would have to get Dean a gift as well. He had no idea what to get him. He didn’t need more flannel… or did he? He could use more pajama bottoms his current pair was so worn the last he washed them he saw daylight through them. Dean also did like music… perhaps he could sneak off to the local music shop and find him a record.
Castiel’s mouth fell open. “No way.” It was the bartender!
He smiled warmly. “Yes, let’s.”
He sighed. “You make it look easy.”
Dean weaved in and out of sleep. His thoughts were cluttered and didn’t make much sense anymore. He needed to use the bathroom. He slowly sat up his body aching, sweat dripped off of his face. He was so hot and so cold all at once. He burned and he chilled. His nose was stuffed up and his throat felt filmy and gross.
“Santa would appreciate a beer? Really, Dean?” Sam groaned.
He huffed. “Damn him.”
“Hmm?”
“I’m fine, uh, yes, our plan is to get out.”
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean pulling him closer to him. Dean was now all but in his lap. “Take a nap if you want to.” He said softly. “I’ll read some.”
He laid the tablecloth on the table. He got the plates out of the cabinet and set them on the table. “You act like you’ve never done a meal like this before. You own a restaurant, Dean.”
The sheriff laughed. “Well, you see I got an order from the angels to be on the lookout for you.”
He sighed as he picked up his plate. He headed into the kitchen and stuck the pizza in the fridge. He chewed on his lip. Castiel was naked in his house. He felt a rush of hot blood going through his veins. The thought of him being naked in his home was doing all kinds of things to his hormones. “Stop it.” He mumbled to himself as he felt blood head southward in excitement. His mind was running wild with all sorts of thoughts and then it reminded him of the almost kiss. He groaned as started to run water in the sink. But seriously what was that? Was Castiel not into him? Or was he? Was he playing a game with him? His mind drifted back to Castiel as he washed the dishes. Castiel in his shower, soap running off, steamy and wet, he stored the image away in the back of his mind for later fantasies. He shook his head. So what if he couldn’t control his imagination? He was a healthy man with healthy fantasies. He decided to dry the plates and put them up. He turned around to get a towel when he was face to face with a bare-chested Castiel. “Whoa! Holy shit!” He shouted. He dropped the plate which hit the floor, wobbled and fell silent.
Dean smiled. “I always have room for dessert.”
“Not sure, maybe a Wendigo but they usually don’t hunt in this area. Could be about anything really.”
“A big farm? I thought it was just some guy and some bees?”
“Again I want to meet this guy.”
“No, Dean, this feels different. Something… something inside of me says something is wrong.”
“You feel so good. So tight.” The words fell out of Castiel’s mouth. He captured his lips with his own. Then he struck Dean’s prostate.
He sucked in a breathe and put the car in reverse. He backed up the car far slower than Dean ever would have. His breathing evened out and his nervousness slowly melted away as he got the car on the highway. He could do this. Of course, all the driving he had done was in the driveway at Bobby’s a few years ago… no, he had this. He knew he did.
“It’s fine. I mean, it’s the classic setup, right?”
“So whatever is after these people must be using the cabins as it’s hunting grounds?” Dean asked
He smiled. “So are mine.” he laughed rubbing his eyes.
The rocks crunched as they pulled into the parking lot in front of their cabin. They hauled the groceries inside and put them away. They were preparing to don their FBI suits when there was a knock at the door.
Standing over the fallen angel was Dean. He was panting as he glared at the body. “Jackass,” he hissed. He looked at Castiel with an extended hand. “Are you okay?”
“Well, if you tried it once in a while it wouldn’t be so hard.”
He blushed even further.
“We can work together to get him out,” Sam said. He chuckled. “I never,” He put his arm around her small frame. “This could work. What do we need?”
He smiled. “I can’t say I ever gave bees a second thought.” He shrugged. “They are just something that sometimes makes nests in my yard.” He licked his ice cream.
“I want that too, Dean.”
“Don’t tell Dean, okay? But I don’t think he’s as straight as he wants everyone to think.”
Whew, I wasn't sure I was going to get this up today. I'm still having a hard time with my internet. The company is supposedly coming to look at it Monday I hope they fix it.
He needed to make it right. He had to for Castiel. He had to fix it as Cas had always wanted to do but couldn’t. Heaven was broken. It needed to be repaired. He could do it.
“Put on your trench coat.” Dean said
He didn’t let him finish his rant. “You showed me what love was and how to love. You gave me hope. You made me want to keep going even when it seemed impossible.”
The bartender shrugged. “Jo’s on the floor. I just came in a few minutes ago.” He looked at the glass then glanced back at Castiel’s face as he licking his lips in such a way that Castiel wondered if the bartender was on the menu. “So what do you want to drink?” He picked up the drink. “Or what were you drinking?”
Castiel heard the door open. The air hit his face and he could smell the crisp fall air. Dean took his hand and he started to follow him. He could hear the leave crunch beneath his feet. “Dean?”
Dean took his hand.
“He’s your what?”
He sighed. “After dad died… I kind of stopped putting the tree up. With Sam not living here having a tree up seemed… sad.”
He noticed the tot with the stuffed dog hanging out of it. That’s it! He needed his bear. He climbed out of bed quietly and got the dog. It was raggedly and a little dusty. It looked like it had been owned by a couple of Novak children. He made his way back over to the bed and placed the stuffed dog in Castiel’s arms.
He smiled as he finished off the cutting far faster than Castiel was. Castiel debated if he should be embarrassed by how long it was taking him to get it down but he decided not to.
He pulled out his clothes and stuck them in the dresser. More than anything he wanted to be alone but Sam didn’t trust him to be alone. He understood why, the last time Cas was gone he was reckless. Now that he had no chance of him coming back, he’d probably just let nature take its course. There was a knock at the door snapping him out of his thoughts. “Yeah,”
“No one said anything about making a deal.” He looked up when a nurse walked in.
He rubbed his eyes as tears fell from them. Sorrow. He had been in constant sorrow since the Empty took Castiel. He sobbed uncontrollably. He needed Sam or someone to talk to. He and Sam had bonded over their mutual loss. He had confessed at long last to his brother that he had feelings for Castiel, but Sam had already knew that. The pain was fresh, new, and yet old. He had lost his one shot at love, at actual love. If only he had realized his feelings for Castiel sooner then maybe none of this would have happened. He sobbed again. Regret filled his heart he just wished he could do something about the pain he felt.
“Yeah, uh,” He chuckled. “I need advice, something that only you can help with. So the team went to a bar on Friday night to celebrate the closing of the deal, while I was there I met a guy,”
He raised an eyebrow. “How do you not know if you died? Dying is pretty basic.” He finished his drink. “It hurts like a bitch then bam, it’s lights out. Lot’s tears, lot’s of bargaining, lot’s of oh god why me then it’s it.”
“Yup, I decided I don’t want to wait. I want to make it official.” He smiled. “I love him so much.” He laughed. “Look at me, man, I’m turning into a sap.”
He walked into the house. “Dean, I’m home!” He called. He took off his jacket and hung it up. He didn’t think Dean would check his jacket pockets. He would hide the ring later when he had a better chance of not getting caught.
“It’s fine, Dean.”
“You’re my rock, Dean and I need my rock there, please.” He said with confidence. He took his hand and brought it to his lips and placed a soft kiss on it.
He looked at one of the neon beer signs and frowned. “I don’t understand why humans like an old advertisement.”
He felt Castiel’s face heat up against his chest. “Thank you.” He looked at him, his blue eyes half-lidded. “You’re beautiful too.”
She shook her head. “Don’t, don’t do that to yourself.” She picked up a dish. “Come on let’s get these done.” And with that, the subject was dropped as the two of them focused on getting the dishes done. Dean’s mind however couldn’t stop thinking of the possibility of Cas being awake and aware of what was happening. He shook his head, nah, Cas was probably asleep as soon as he reached the Empty. He just hoped he had pleasant dreams.
Castiel looked like a deer caught in headlights. “I’ve never really thought about it with anyone before, to be honest.”
“I… thank you. Cas, I love you so much.” He smiled it was full of love and affection. “I’ve never… felt this way about anyone before. I never felt so loved…”
He chuckled. “True.” He got out of the car and Dean followed him to the front door. Castiel raised his hand then hesitated. He sucked in a breath. There was no reason to feel this way. It was his brother. Nothing had changed. He rapped on the door.
“Yeah, man, they are getting ready to start filming again and you know they kind of need the director.”
“Did Claire tell you about…” He trailed off unsure of what to say next, which was usual for him.
Mary laid her hand on Kelly’s shoulders. “It’s okay.” She said softly to her
“He’s our repair guy! He’s Kelly’s husband. It never… I didn’t realize it… I always make the checks out to Kelly I thought her married name was Kline…” He took a breath to collect his thoughts. “He was asking about you. I thought it was odd and then I looked them up and seen that his last name was Novak. Sam said there might be other Novaks but… Cas, I found your family or well at least one of your brothers.”
“My name is Castiel.” He held his hand out.
He shook his head. “I’m sorry, I’m pretty sure telling a guy you are giving them your heart is a pretty big damn deal.” He gestured at him. “And here you are acting like it’s nothing. It’s really confusing, Cas.”
“It’s… well, it can be hard. But it’s not so bad because I have Sam. If I was doing it alone I probably would have been crying in a fettle position in the walk-in a few months in.”
The man stopped walking and raised an eyebrow at Dean. “What? I mean I can I know how I…”
“But I don’t eat.”
“But, Cas is Cas…” He smiled. “The dorky, weird guy, who doesn’t get references, or…understand social graces… he’s… adorable.” He blushed. Dean Winchester called something adorable and meant it.
Dean frowned. Whatever Chuck had shown Sam it must have been bad. He wanted to talk to him about it but it could wait until Sam was ready. He wasn’t going to force him to relive it so soon. His eyes fell on Castiel. “I…”
“What’s the little guy’s name?” Castiel asked
“Yeah, I like that. I’m uh, going to go and tell Eileen. You behave yourself and treat Cas well. I will see you tomorrow.”
He did lose track of time, at some point, Alfie left to return to school. He did stop by the room to say goodbye to Dean but it was quick and to the point. Dean didn’t imagine that he and Alfie would get along. Not that Castiel’s youngest sibling was nasty with him after the first day he just didn’t seem to be interested in getting to know Dean. He decided not to worry about it.
Sam headed down to the cafeteria. He felt guilty leaving Dean but he had a valid point. He had to take care of himself too. He got in line and ordered some food. When he got to the end he found a piece of pie. He stuck it on his tray deciding to sneak it up to Dean. He ate his food in silence when his phone rang.
“I thought so. Though it would be an interesting story to tell everyone. We broke up because my long-time friend said you were weird.”
“I’m thinking about work…”
He was ready to protest but she stopped him.
Dean sighed and looked it and felt bad for leaving it. He picked it back up. “Spending my money already.” He teased.
“It’s on Dean’s jacket. He… Cas touched him when he was bleeding and it left a handprint.”
Rowena smiled. “Well?”
“Let’s get inside and I’ll explain everything.” Castiel said
Dean flashed a smile at the older woman checking them out. “Hello.”
She smiled. “Well, good I am glad to hear it. We are using your old bedroom as the guest room.”
“The feelings grew you know. I… would have given anything for you. It wasn’t until I was human that it started to make some sense.” He nodded
Dean laughed. “Well, it isn’t for everyone. I don’t know why I like it. I never really thought about it before just that I enjoy doing it.”
Dean smiled. “How about we go get dessert?”
“Your secret is safe with me.” He watched the other Dean sip on his drink. “I… I was wondering…”
“Dean is still packing he should be ready in a minute or so.”
Dean licked his lips. “You know it’s not Cas’s fault. He needed a job I gave him a job. Hell, he had nothing. Or did you forget that part? Rather than judging him for washing dishes maybe you should be happy he isn’t living on the streets and starving!” He raised his voice at her.
He laughed. “Good night, Sammy.” Dean rolled over and buried his face in Castiel’s chest.
“Monsters?” he shrugged. “Some and humans with weird tastes.” He licked his lips. “You, my boy, are worth some money.” He waved the knife in Dean’s face. “See you blew up on the dark web when I posted your picture.” He laughed. “So popular, monsters want to eat you, some just want your body parts.” He leaned in and Dena could smell the alcohol on his breath and the stench of unbrushed teeth. “Some want you as a sex slave.” He traced a knife along Dean’s jaw.
He greeted her as Patience walked in. She looked at him and waved as she took her seat. Alex came in a few minutes later, her hair done in a bun looking exhausted. He couldn’t imagine being a nurse it must be rough.
“To save Dean.”
“Oh.” Dean felt his heart deflate. He knew what he wanted out of this relationship. He wanted Castiel and Castiel alone forever. He knew that in his heart more than anything but… did that mean Castiel didn’t feel the same? It was like a stabbing feeling in his heart.
He stared at him with an eyebrow raised.
“I don’t need him.” Dean said as he sat the toy back down
“How was the shower? Did everything work okay?”
“I get the space thing, truly I do, but, Cas, no man is an island. You should get out there and see someone… maybe go wild and have… sex.” She hesitated on the last word frowning at the fact she just told her cousin he needed to get laid.
“I know.”
He rolled his eyes. “I didn’t have sex with Dean, Crowley. I told him I loved him and how much he meant to me.” He admitted
“We should get him to a bed.” Jack offered the young man fighting his tears.
“Enjoy.”
“Aw, and here I was thinking I could help you get clean.”
Sam sighed. His back hurt after looking at books for hours on end. He stood up and stretched. His phone beeped he looked to see that it was Dean telling him he made it to Jody’s. “God, how long have we been at this?”
“You guys have a good day.”
“Think I can have some pie?”
“Don’t worry I will teach you everything you need to know.” He smiled. “And uh, I was thinking maybe after the snow clears up maybe you and I could go to the movies.”
“You don’t exactly have a bustling social life either.” He pointed out
He chuckled. “No, uh, me and Eileen are going on a hunt,”
“It’s not. Garth is coming in today. You’ve worked hard you should take a day off. You haven’t taken one since you started working with me.”
“You couldn’t help it.” Castiel adjusted his body so the two of them could be more comfortable. He wrapped his arms around Dean and rested his head on top of Dean’s
Castiel felt his heart rate increase again. He stared at the hand on his. His mind went blank. Dean was holding his hand. “I uh,” he licked his lips. “Is that why you seemed like you had fond memories of that day?”
Sam let out a sigh. “Just like you Dean you always want to help someone. What’s his name?”
“It certainly makes me feel better.” He scoffed.
He looked over at Dean again. He watched his chest rise and fall. Dean looked so peaceful. He noticed Dean shiver.
Dean felt bold again. “That was part of it.”
Sam nearly dropped the book when Rowena suddenly appeared before him.
“Dean,” Sam said softly. He sighed. “Look, it’s going to be okay. This isn’t a traditional meet-cute okay. It’s probably weird for them too just don’t hold it against them. And remember you have Cas. I know from what I have seen; he loves you, Dean. He loves you a lot. He looks at you like you hung the moon.  Try to engage with the Novak family. Remember it’s all new to them too. And if you still feel lonely I’m just a phone call away.”
She smirked. “Flash them pretty blue eyes at them and you will be okay.”
“Awesome.” Dean said he pulled the car into the driveway. He looked at the address. “This is it… I think.”
He took the pen and started to fill it out. Dean watched him as he filled it in. Name: Castiel James Novak. Dean sucked in a breath it was a strong name and made his heart flop. He had to get himself under control. If Castiel had no intention of sticking around the last thing he needed was to fall for the guy. Castiel went on down until he got to the address part. “I don’t have an address.” He sighed. He looked up at him with his deep blue eyes sad.
“I suppose we should get up and get ready before breakfast gets cold.” Castiel untangled himself from Dean.
He looked at him to see Dean had a decoration in his hand. It was a rather bland looking angel. “Looks just like you, honey.” Dean teased
They followed him to a back area where he stored stuff before he put it in the shop. “I got this yesterday along with a bunch of stuff. It was a wholesale deal, I wanted the desk.” He lifted a cover on the table. “I got everything else.” He rolled his eyes.
Dean looked at the hand on his shoulder. He picked up his drink and drunk it in one shot. “Cas, I…” he sighed. “Why is this so hard?” he shook his head. “Cas, I love you.” He grumbled it out feeling as though the words didn’t want to come out of his mouth. “That’s what I wanted to tell you. Hell, I wanted to tell you for a long time but I was afraid of… I don’t know but you deserve to know. I love you.”
Dean took it as encouragement and latched onto his lips. He kissed him with passion. He guided the two of them to the living room as his phone continued to play his Led Zeppelin playlist. He guided them to the couch and they slowly sunk down on it. They exchanged kisses, it was intimate but it wasn’t heading into anything. They swapped soft chaste kisses back and forth burying their faces in one another necks and ended it with their foreheads against one another. The music played on in the background until eventually, the playlist ended.
The woman turned to them. She had dark brown hair in a bun. “Castiel.” She said. She smiled and hugged Castiel. “Is this him?”
He turned to see Castiel weaving his way through the crowd. “Cas.” He said quietly. Castiel was in a suit with a blue tie that most likely brought out his eyes. He smiled at Castiel and almost laughed when the other man stopped and took in his sight.
He smirked. “Okay, Cas, just don’t get car sick reading in the car.”
Castiel did the same, he barely wasted any time opening up his sub. He was hungry. He moaned as he chewed on the sandwich.
She sighed
“How? Are you going to erase my memories of Cas?” He thought back to when Castiel erased Lisa’s memories of him. Would Michael do that to him? He didn’t want that. He was in pain but he needed to remember Castiel. To remember his sacrifice to save him.
He sighed. “I… know I want to be with him.” His hands fiddled with the end of his sleeves. “I gave him my heart… I want him to know that I want to be with him and only him.”
Dean’s green eyes cracked open. “No, don’t leave on my account.” He waved in the general direction of Castiel and thumped his hand on his chest by accident. “Stay with Cas. He missed y’all.” He mumbled half-asleep
He looked back at the house and sighed.
“It’s fine, Eileen,” Sam said
Dean nodded. He looked like he had something else to say but left it alone. “Come on let’s see which cabin he got us.”
He shook his head which made him dizzy. “But why?”
“Shit, baby, get up I got to get the turkey in the oven.” He nudged Castiel on the side
They finished their food and paid the bill. They returned to the Novak home. They got out of the car and Dean started towards the house.
“You are clearly looking for the white-picket-fence life. You are ready to settle down but from what you told me; he just got out of an abusive relationship. What if he isn’t ready to settle?”
“Just be careful, okay? Castiel seems like a cool dude but I suggest you get to know him before you try anything.” He shrugged. “At least wait until the dude has a roof over his head before you try to tap that.”
“Yeah,” Dean winked. “Great place for a monster to hold up in wouldn’t you say.”
Michael was standing beside him. “Castiel looks… at peace.”
“I asked the same thing, Jack. I don’t understand it either.” Castiel said as he helped Dean remove the tree from the box.
“Yes.” Naomi smiled at Dean. Dean thought he was going to pass out. Holy shit! She actually smiled at him. “This is Cas when he was about seven I think.” She pointed at an older woman who was holding his hand. “This is his grandmother. The one who made the necklace.”
Dean smiled. “Awesome, Santa is really going to surprise Jack.” He said as he started on the next stack of pancakes.
“I have changed.” He sighed. “I am… more human than angel these days. I think more like a human.” He confessed. “I have wants and needs… feelings. I never understood them but… I had feelings for you the day I pulled you from Hell. Your soul is so… beautiful.” He said with reverence
“I know.” He sighed looking down at his body. He would have to use the gym once in a while.
He nodded. “I do enjoy it very much. It helps me escape from… my current problems.” He sighed. His blue eyes looked so deep and sad. The sight pulled at Dean’s heartstrings. Dean wanted so desperately to help Castiel. “I like all kinds of novels…” He patted the book on the table. “I hope to write one of my own someday. So what did you want to talk about?”
“That was the Shadow. Though, I’m not sure why they vanished…” He wondered. They were acting differently than before. Was that because of the bomb? Were they hurt that badly?
Anna glanced at her. “And you’re sober?”
He sighed. He needed to go down there, and visit but he couldn’t bring himself to do it
He sighed. “Not all humans are all that accepting of non-heterosexual relationships.”
He smiled. “Hello, mother.”
He shook his head. Images of Billie chasing after them flashed through his mind. If he was honest a few times he was out in the hall he thought he had seen her coming after him. He shuddered. He wasn’t weak like that. He was strong. He was a hunter. He went to Hell, he had the Mark of Cain. He could deal with anything. “I’m fine.” He shrugged. “This is my home,”
He frowned. “Is that really a good idea, Cas?”
“Sam, what the Hell is going on?” Claire demanded
He felt his cheeks heat up as he caught himself gazing at Dean’s nipples poking through the shirt. “Hello.” He stammered as he walked closer to the human. “What are you doing?” He asked. He wasn’t sure why it was pretty obvious.
He frowned. “What does me being an angel have to do with anything?”
Dean nodded. “Being an angel seems like it sucked.” He observed as he wiped his mouth. “Anna she uh, she didn’t like it either.”
“I thought you did arrive much sooner than I anticipated.”
“But why? Why not admit that something is wrong?”
“Thanks.” Dean walked away with his jar of honey. He wondered back to the area where he was going to meet Sam. He got his apples and sat on a bench waiting for Sam.
He sipped it. It was good, not too much of either drink.
Dean smiled. He picked up the box of books and walked outside with them. “Cas!” He called
“Who is it?” A woman’s voice came from the com
He licked his lips. “Yeah, yeah she did.” He chuckled nervously
“Don’t you travel enough?”
“Your spiraling,” Sam said with a sigh. “Listen I,” He cleared his throat. “I don’t think you should stay here.”
“No,” Castiel stated firmly. “It would be a waste of energy he is already dead. Plus there are far worse things in here sleeping than Crowley.”
“He wouldn’t do that. He loves me like family.”
“Dishes.” She shrugged as she pulled on rubber gloves. She handed a set of hot pink ones to Dean which made him laugh as he pulled them on. They made him feel like a fifties housewife.
Dean looked up at him. “We were supposed to be going home tomorrow evening.” It hit him like a ton of bricks. They were supposed to leave tomorrow. There was no way he could drive home feeling like this. He couldn’t leave Sam to run the restaurant all alone it wasn’t fair to his brother. “Sam he, he’ll worry and he,”
He smiled again. “As much as I would like that,” He leaned over and kissed him on the lips firmly
Jack stared at the DVD case. “This doesn’t look like a Christmas movie.”
“I’m right here, Sam, I didn’t go anywhere.” He reassured him. Truthfully, he did drink too much, his eating habits were far worse than before too.
“Dean,” Castiel started to say from behind him then stopped. “Are you okay?”
He walked back over to him. “I feel about the same, really.”
“Cas.” Dean rubbed his back. “It’s okay. I got you. I’m sorry I brought it up I,”
“On-hand speech? You proofread it right?”
“On?”
He whistled. “That’s some present.”
Dean took Sam’s hand off his shoulder. “No,” he shook his head. “The empty is different. It’s not something we can just walk into and ask for Cas back. If we do get in there, that doesn’t mean we can get Cas back.” He sniffed. “I can’t… I can’t do that to myself, Sammy, I can’t have this hope only for it to get crushed again.” He looked into Sam’s eyes. “I don’t think I can survive it, Sam.”
Castiel watched Dean blush as he eased the car into the parking lot of the mini-golf course. He cleared his throat. “Yeah, well, here we are.”
Dean looked over his shoulder at him and frowned. “What no heavenly smiting of monsters?”
He looked into his blue eyes. Tears were gathering on the sides.
They ate in silence. Dean fried them up another set of burgers and then after they had consumed the greasy meal he called Sam. “Hey, Sam, learn anything else?” he asked as he put the phone on speaker.
“Because,”
“I understand. It’s a lot.” He patted his arm. “How about you warm up.” He nodded to the fireplace
Castiel stood up and was almost knocked down by his sister when she all but jumped into his arms. “Hello, Anna.”
“So that’s why you were all wet? You were seeing how I would react.”
Chuck looked at Dean. “Our family has accumulated a lot of Christmas decorations because someone,” He pointed at Naomi who rolled her eyes at her husband. “Keeps buying stuff. So we’ve been gifting our children decorations that belonged to their grandmother.”
He laughed. “Okay that may be true but… do you want a relationship with him? It seems a little… toxic.”
“Thank you. Dad picked it because of it.” He chuckled. “He always said he needed to keep an eye on me and Sammy while he cooked.”
“Yeah, did they get that tree yet?”
“You spoil me. How about I make you breakfast?”
He headed to the guest bedroom. He paused in the door. They wanted to turn this into Castiel’s office so he could work on his novel. He hadn’t started on it yet but he planned on it. He walked up to the bookshelf. He still had his books down here rather than clutter up Dean’s upstairs. Castiel didn’t mind. He enjoyed having his own library. He pulled out one of the books and set the box behind it and pushed the book back. It didn’t stick out too far from the others so it was a fantastic hiding place.
“It smells good. Do you need some help?” he asked as he sat down on a stool by the counter.
“What is this Big Bertha you keep referencing?” Castiel asked
“Walk in?” He asked with his head tilted to one side
Castiel frowned. “You’re leaving already?”
“Move, babe,” Dean said softly to Castiel as he took the laptop.
Dean all but melted in his hands again. “I can’t believe I never noticed it before. Looking back… it seems pretty obvious.”
Christmas in the Bunker
Dean looked up at him and winked. He started bobbing quicker. With each move, Castiel started to chant his name. He lost control and started to thrust into Dean’s mouth. He didn’t stop him he seemed to encourage it. Castiel started to pant. He had never felt anything like this before. No wonder humans were so obsessed with sex. Everything felt wonderful. Pure bliss. He felt his balls drawing up he ignored it as he chased the heat in Dean’s mouth. His body stiffened. He cried out as his orgasm snuck upon him. Blis washed over him as his cock let out a few twitches as he finished up.
He pulled on a new shirt. “You said it was your heart. You said it was you giving me your heart. What do you mean by it?”
“We’ll try again later.” She said. “We’ll just keep trying until we get it.” She patted his back. “We just have to keep trying.”
Castiel started down the first aisle he came across. It was murder mystery books. He liked those. He had a few in his hand. The used ones were a fair price which made it easy for him to stock up.
Castiel slowly worked him open. He was unsure at first but quickly gained confidence with the sounds of Dean’s groans growing louder and louder with each thrust. “Do you think you’re ready?” His voice was lust-filled. Dean wasn’t sure how long he would last now
Castiel blinked and looked at him. “Oh, you’re the guy who was here two weeks ago.” He picked up a jar and held it out to him.
“You’re right.” He sighed. “How about we keep it in the office and at home?”
He snickered. “No, guess they want me to keep it behind closed doors.” He pulled on a pair of boxers. “It doesn’t bother you?”
Chapter 14
He frowned. He hated to admit it but they were right. He rarely dated, when he did manage to find someone they always were the ‘let’s go out and party’ type. Currently, his longest-lasting relationship (unless he counted his right hand) was that of a whole four months before they got tired of him and broke up. “Just because I go on a date with this guy doesn’t mean we are going to have a steady relationship. Hell, the guy could want to get his rocks off.”.
“No problem, Cas.” Dean said.
He blushed. “No, I uh, didn’t mean to.”
His face widened into a huge smile. “I can’t freaking wait.” His eyes lit up like a child’s. “It’s going to be amazing.”
He frowned. “Yeah, uh, can we not,”
“I love you.” Castiel murmured into his neck. Dean could feel his lips touch him with each word. It made his blood run hot. “I love you so much.”
“Yes, it is. When you get married you’ll understand.” Sam laughed. He started up the car and started towards A Hell of a Thrift. “So… um, is that something you are considering?”
“I was sickened by what he did,” He frowned. “You weren’t there, sorry, he made… he took away all life on Earth but the Winchester. He even took Adam from me. I couldn’t believe the father I believed in, the one I fought for would just… destroy his creation like that. Leave Earth so desolate… so broken…”
He rolled his eyes. He and Meg had known each other before joining Grace Inc. They were best friends and to the outsider looking in if they just knew them as co-workers then they would get the wrong idea about Meg. “Why don’t you go dance with Garth?” He pointed out Garth the skinny assistant accountant who was swinging his arms wildly on the dance floor.
Crowley smirked. “Feeling guilty are we?”
“I didn’t want to do it.” He sighed. “I wanted to be free. Free from everything to see the world with my own eyes. Father’s creation.” He huffed. “I guess I shouldn’t even call him that. He doesn’t deserve that title. All he is a manipulator.” He rubbed his face. “Lucifer was right.”
He blinked. Why did Castiel sound so sad when he asked? Did he actually like it here? “No, I uh,”
He sighed. “Yeah, but we need food. We can’t hunt on an empty stomach.”
“Is this straight?” Claire asked as she looked back at Castiel who was standing behind her.
She shook her head. “You would be proud of that wouldn’t you?” She teased
He looked at Dean with a frown. “Stop?”
She took his hand. “I’m Naomi.” She looked at the man beside her. “This is my husband Chuck.”
He nodded. “Hmm.” He started to eat the food. His eyes kept drifting shut. “I want to eat but I am so sleepy.”
They put on coats and walked outside. Jack followed behind Dean and ran up to the sleek black car.
Dean believed him. He felt it wash over him; love an overwhelming sense of love. Castiel loved him and would take care of him. This is what his dad meant. In the past, he took care of everyone and himself he never let anyone take care of him. Here he was letting Castiel take care of him. He looked up at Castiel. He looked worried his forehead crinkled in concentration. “I love you, Cas.”
Sam shook his head. “Months, this has been going on for months? Mom knows? And Jack?”
“Jack!” The boy shouted. He bounced in his seat. “I four!” He held up four fingers
“Shit.” Dean cursed. He opened the trunk of his car. He was glad his house wasn’t too far from the store. He hoped they got back before it started to stick to the road. They got the food in the trunk. He looked at Castiel. “Ready?”
Castiel frowned at the beer bottle sitting on the table. He was tired. It was a long day, he had dealt with the Empty, fought demons, nearly died… he had a right to be tired. He sipped on the drink in front of him. He was determined to enjoy his beer then he was going to head to his room and sink into Netflix. He had a lot going on in his mind. He was worried about Jack, he was worried about fighting Chuck, he was worried about all of it but he was too tired to care at the moment. He heard footfalls heading towards him. He looked up to see Dean standing in the door. Though it wasn’t his Dean it was the other world Dean.
He mumbled to himself as he tried to keep from the food from falling over. “We brought you guys some food.”
He shrugged. “I like a man who can take charge.” He teased.
“Really?” Bobby asked with a chuckle. “How’s that working out for ya?”
“Yeah, but… I pretty much kept it to myself. No one… really got my motor running. I mean,” He shrugged. “I enjoyed sex obviously,” He chuckled when Sam’s face turned red. “But no one… no one out there ever made me feel… a spark.”
“Well, here I am. Happy. I got Cas back.”
Castiel laughed. “Benny’s are very good but this place will always be special.”
“Naomi.” Chuck hissed at her. “Now is not the time for that type of talk.”
“You guys going to leave too?” Chuck asked
“Oh,” He flopped onto his stomach burying his face in his pillow. He flinched when Sam ripped off the old wrapping. “Ow! Damn, be gentle! Good thing you aren’t a nurse.”
“Awesome.” He looked Castiel. “Glad to see some things never change.” He teased as he pinched his cheeks.
