Sherlock can feel how his eyes prickle and knows that John must be able to see the tell-tale sign of repressed tears. "It truly is." He kisses the end of John's nose, startling a laugh from him. "But I believe we should give this Kalvinder person who took Mary's scan a call, something just doesn't ring true for me there."
“Three continents, Watson!”  The rest of the table chime in.  Sherlock watches with interest as a red flush crawls up John’s neck.
“Sherlock?”
“Yes, now.
This story sticks to the series 3 premise of Mary not being a nice person.
Me too.”
"Very well." Mycroft bows his head in acknowledgement, a brief look of approval flickering over his otherwise stern features. "I'm glad to see you have finally got your priorities straight, Doctor Watson. My brother needs you and England needs my brother. "
“Well, we got there in the end.”  John presses an impulsive kiss on Sherlock’s cheek, drawing another little noise of pure happiness from Mrs. Hudson.  “Didn’t we Love?”  He asks, turning to Sherlock who nods in agreement, his cheeks stained a delicate pink.
"Where?" John ineffectively swiped his tongue over his lips, missing the spot entirely. Sherlock let out an exasperated sigh.
“Suit carrier?”  He asks, raising his eyebrow in query.
John pushes his tray away and attempts to fold his arm, hissing in pain when it pulls at his wound. “Well, we both know Mycroft misses things.
John reached over Sherlock and up to the bed to pull the remaining sheet down and loosely placed it over Sherlock's torso, knowing that the rapidly cooling sweat would soon cause Sherlock to shiver.  John positioned himself closer to Sherlock, sitting with his legs parallel to Sherlock's body, close enough that he could share his body heat but not so close that Sherlock would feel threatened.  John started to talk again, the words flowing from him as he watched Sherlock's face.
"In all seriousness, John, what is your instinct here?" Sherlock looks intently at John, gauging his reactions. Watches as he sucks his cheeks in, exaggerating his strong jawline.
The tenderness of the gesture bringing a lump to John’s throat.
“You’ve not deleted that?”  John pours them both a glass of ice water from the jug on the table, his hand perfectly stable despite his laughter.
Nor do they hear when that person moves silently around in the kitchen or when their bedroom door is nudged open and someone looks in upon their sleeping forms.
“Are you the family of Doctor John Watson?”  He queries, his accent is broadly East London but with the warm cadence of somewhere else; Mauritius, Sherlock surmises.
“That,”
"Moriarty couldn't burn the heart out of me, because I don't have it. I gave it to you long ago." The words are simple but heartfelt. Sherlock knows he should be feeling embarrassed by spouting such romantic sentiment but it's the truth. He doesn't know precisely when he gave his heart over to John's safe-keeping; only that it now resides with him. He carefully brings John's left hand to his lips and bestows a lingering kiss on its palm. The resulting hitch he hears in John's breath is all the encouragement he needs to treat the other hand in the same manner.
"Sherlock breathe."  Sherlock finally takes a few calming breaths, relaxing against John, feels his mouth quirking into a small half smile.
"Yes, I think so." Sherlock eases his legs over the edge of the bed, pleased with his progress and the proud smile John shoots in his direction.
Long minutes pass, the only sound that of lips moving against lips and the soft sighs of contentment, before John slowly eases away, their last kiss slow and lingering, neither quite willing to cease yet. He nuzzles his nose against Sherlock's before pressing his cheek into the soft riot of Sherlock's hair, not caring at how hopelessly romantic it may seem.
John felt Sherlock move closer, felt the waves of heat emanating from Sherlock's chest, their naked torsos almost touching.  "The dreams relate to the time I spent dealing with Moriarty's web.  Yes John, I said dreams.  Last night was not my first; I've had them virtually every night since returning to London." As usual, Sherlock was able to answer John's unvoiced question.  His voice was flat and emotionless; John presumed that it was part of Sherlock's coping strategy. "And yes, the scars are directly related to the time I spent away from you.  As you know, I spent most of my time abroad; I worked alone, putting no one at risk but myself.  It was hard work, unforgiving and lonely.  So many times I nearly made contact with you, only to change my mind at the last minute. I couldn't risk your safety; you were the whole reason I was there, to keep you safe.  Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade are important to me, of course they are.  But you John? You are vital."
John laughs. “Is.. Is that a yes, then?
Feeling both emotionally and physically exhausted Sherlock rests his head on his forearms, leaving his hand lightly atop John’s.  He allows himself to sleep, secure in the knowledge that John is safe and receiving the care he needs.  Sherlock wakes an hour or so later when Lestrade pops in and says a few quiet words to John, before leaving to finally go home.  Before Sherlock drifts back to sleep once again Mycroft visits to say he is leaving but that he has stationed undercover agents throughout the hospital and that Mary remains under surveillance.
(See the end of the chapter for
to see it.
The continuing saga of editing and updating ready for being made into a podfic continues.  In the words of Jane Austen lockedinjohnlock is a treasure!
“I have a possible assignment for you, Mr Holmes.
said. A bit of sleepy nonsense really."
Sherlock adjusted his hold on John, letting go of John's right hand but keeping a firm hold on his left.
The kiss grows more heated as it deepens. Sherlock is undeniably leading the kiss now, his body angled to encompass as much of John as possible.  One hand cups John's jaw.  The other trails a path restlessly from John's shoulder, down his arm, until he finally links their fingers together.  His grip is strong but not painful, the pure strength and masculinity of it makes John moan into the kiss.
"Don't be an idiot John.  You're exhausted, lie down and go to sleep." Sherlock's voice was surprisingly gentle, although the order in his words was obvious.
." His name is said on a breathy exhale; he can see colour flooding Sherlock's cheeks and the rapid dilation of his pupils. Gratified with the response, he allows his hand to linger a moment longer, before stepping away and continuing into the house.
Sherlock smiles crookedly when John begins to sing whilst washing, glad he has kept the TV volume low.
Gethin is busy checking Sherlock’s pulse and medication feed as he speaks.
“I didn’t catch your name.”
"With the greatest of pleasure." Murmured Sherlock, his lips brushing against the sensitive skin of John's cock, causing him to tremble violently.
Strength escapes him at last and he falls to the ground, his descent only being slowed by a pair of strong arms about his waist.
, ridiculous figure.
“No!” John giggles.
The movement of his hands draws Sherlock gaze and John slows the action, watching from the corner of his eye.
John squeezes Sherlock’s hand briefly; seeking, and receiving, reassurance.
“I know love, I know.” John sounds just as overwhelmed as Sherlock feels. Sherlock briefly opens his eyes and the sight of John, flushed and wanting, causes him to react instinctively. A large hand clasps around the back of John's neck, drawing him up into a kiss. Sherlock puts every piece of his considerable knowledge and experience into the kiss, from the way he moves his lips to the way his tongue plays alongside John's. Before long John is whimpering under his administrations, hands flexing on Sherlock's hips as he melts into the kiss. Sherlock smiles against John's lips and deepens the kiss further, a hand drifting into John's hair, long fingers sliding between the tresses, entwining themselves in the length.
"Sherlock? Do you trust me?"  John is forcing Sherlock to maintain eye contact, his midnight blue eyes, fathomless.
"Did I understand that correctly? Is our waiter's name really Angelo?" John's face is almost comically surprised, it seems like fate is most definitely taking a hand in getting him and Sherlock together.
Sherlock almost growls as he removes John’s bolo tie, before sliding his hands down and back, grasping at John’s arse.
“You can continue in our room.” Sherlock answers. “We can unpack our stuff then you can sleep a bit more whilst I go back over the minimal information Mycroft gave me.”
Determined to make Sherlock utterly come apart in his mouth, John employs his tongue and cheeks to full effect. Firm, broad strokes along Sherlock's cock intermingled with teasing flicks and swirls soon have Sherlock making very vocal sounds of approval. Slow but deep sucks cause Sherlock to alternate between stillness and thrusting further into John's mouth, fingers tight in John's hair. Sherlock's eagerness and sensitivity drive John on further, desperate to continue wringing such reactions from Sherlock. John's cock throbs and he thrusts it against the cool bedclothes, unwilling to divide his attention between his own cock and Sherlock's. The friction against his neglected cock pulls a low groan from John, the sound muffled around Sherlock's penis. Sherlock trembles suddenly, his hand tightening in John's hair, cock swelling against John's tongue. John hums his own approval against the sensitive skin cradled within his mouth, riding the sudden bucking of Sherlock's hips, encouraging the movement further with his hands slipped beneath Sherlock's backside; strong hands gripping firm arse-cheeks. A final surge and John's mouth fills with hot, salty liquid; John swallows and swallows, relishing the flood in his mouth but gentling his hold on Sherlock. Sherlock pulses weakly once, twice more before relaxing completely onto the bed, sweat glistening on his lithely muscled body. John allows Sherlock's cock to slide from between his lips before giving it a tender lick and a loving kiss.
Sherlock flicks open the uppermost button on John's shirt and relishes the feel of smooth, soft skin. He can see that John's eyes have fluttered shut and that his lips are parted. He longs to kiss that flushed face but continues with his fantasy.
He’s trustworthy.”
“We’ll be there in a sec.”  John calls back.  He straightens the little crown over Rosie’s blonde curls and leans in to kiss her on her cheek.  “There we go, sweetheart.  All ready for a night at Nanny’s?”  Mrs Hudson has been a god send, going above and beyond in helping John and Rosie settle in to life at Baker Street, she might not be family by blood but she's family in every way that matters.
No-one says anything.
“You’re welcome, Doctor Watson.”
To penguinsofpatagonia (aka liquidcucumber) for asking thoughtful questions when I was still getting a feel for the characters and the setting, and for reading my story even though it's not your usual fandom.
Sherlock uses the time spent waiting for their appetisers to deduce more of the other diners but he still can’t help feeling that he is missing something vital.  The few people he recognises from Mycroft’s file would appear to have nothing in common, no shared interest to draw them to this weekend’s meeting.  If he hadn’t been told by Mycroft that a highly important meeting was taking place at the hotel this weekend he would have written them off as holiday makers taking advantage of the unusually mild spring weather and the, no doubt, cheaper off-season rates.
"He doesn't need a doctor or a soldier, John, he needs a friend and maybe a lover." Molly asserts.
Sherlock backs a few steps away, just far enough to give John full view of his body but not so far that he breaks the little bubble of intimacy they seem to be existing in.
"Sher...." Surprise evident on his face, his mouth dry at hearing the softly spoken words, John cleared his throat nervously before speaking, this time his voice sounded firmer.  "That sounded almost .... romantic Sherlock."
"Look I'm sorry, I should have just turned round and left when I heard the water, but .... " John's voice was rough with need, the sound of it along with John's physical signs of arousal delivering a powerful bolt of arousal through Sherlock's body before settling on his rapidly hardening cock.
“John?  Mary is here.”  Sherlock lets Mary take the chair but he lingers at John’s bedside.  Long minutes pass in silence,  Mary using the time to glance unseeingly around the room.
Sherlock pops the P, attempting to keep the conversation casual whilst simultaneously hoping John will understand the import of Sherlock sharing his real name.
Mary had managed to insinuate herself into Sherlock’s ‘work’, something that no-one else (other than John) had ever managed,
"Me too, Sherlock. For the rest of my life."
"Strangely, that ties in with my first kiss with a bloke. I was 17, almost 18. I'd just sat my last 'A' level and my mate, Nathan, and I decided to celebrate the end of our exams by getting utterly hammered. He got the beers in, we went to his and we settled down for what we thought would be a truly epic drinking session. We were only a few bottles in when he kissed me. I was so shocked I froze, then, I'm afraid I rather inelegantly snogged him. I'd slept with a previous girlfriend but that experience hadn't prepared me for the surge of want that I felt for him." The memory of his fumblings brings a deep flush to John's cheeks that Sherlock finds strangely endearing. He had expected to feel jealous, hearing about John's previous lovers but instead he feels only inquisitiveness.
The word hangs heavy in the room.
watch him for hours. Luckily he has learned to listen as well as look.
Mycroft acknowledges her presence with nothing more than a curt nod before looking away, apparently already bored with her continued existence;  Lestrade manages a tight smile before he too looks away. Mary narrows her eyes at Lestrade’s reaction to her.  In the past he had been friendly, openly approving of her relationship with John and she finds the distinct change momentarily unsettling. That is before she realises that Lestrade has obviously been appraised of precisely how Sherlock and John both came to be hospitalised, and her role in it.
John knew he had to move away or else they would both be coming like overwrought virgins.
John turns his head to face the other bed.
"Snog! I'll have you know I've done nothing so vulgar." He widens his eyes in mock outrage, but tellingly leaves his hand softly held in John's. "I was kissed when I was 11 by a girl named Emily Miller. She'd been dared and I was the unfortunate victim. She pressed her lips to mine and stayed there for an intolerable amount of time. I think it would be fair to say it was not an experience either of us enjoyed."
Sitting once again in his comfy armchair in the living room of the only place he had ever thought of as home, John allowed his mind to drift. Less than two months ago he had been an engaged man, with a wedding on the horizon and his Best Man returned from the dead. Then his body and mind had been thrown into turmoil the moment he had agreed to let Sherlock teach him to dance. Those stolen moments of intimacy had made John acknowledge just how much he needed Sherlock, wanted Sherlock.  Then there had been the moment where he was sure they were going to kiss, the mere memory of it enough to make John's breath hitch and arousal to spike in his chest. The moment had been so full of heat and promise and he had known that Sherlock had felt it too, all their deepest desires for once in harmony. No thoughts had been in his mind then, just his body being drawn to Sherlock's, his lips tingling with the promise lingering in the air.  Then Sherlock had abruptly stopped; the single word 'Mary' enough to shock John back to the reality of the situation.  He had fled, running to Mary.  His intention had been to tell her everything, to make a clean break, to return to Sherlock permanently if he would have him.  Instead it had been the start of a nightmare journey.  Mary had almost died and he had thought he had lost Sherlock, too.  Mary had been in and out of surgery for the first few days, the time passing in flashes of bright white.
tensing of muscles doing his pain levels no good at all.
For a long moment he chews on the inside of his lip, debating on how honest to be before throwing caution to the wind.
“Yes, you are!  You’ve got bees printed on mugs, bees pinned to boards, bee paintings and photographs, countless bee books and you bought Rosie her first cuddly toy - a bee!”  John is laughing now.  “As I was saying, my boyfriend is a little obsessed with bees and I know he would love to get a closer look at yours, if your beekeeper would allow it.”
"Stop what Mrs Hudson?   You can plainly see I am not doing anything. Or has senility finally caught up with you?" He hated himself for his hurtful words, but he was fighting to regain his balance, his integrity, his distance.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs Hudson takes a few seconds to study the figure further before stepping to the side, allowing access to her home.
Mrs Hudson has lived a long life and, on the whole, she’s happy with her lot. She has a nice place in central London that she calls home, plenty of money in a few well-placed banks, a very posh sports car she keeps squirrelled away and enough energy to live her life to the full; despite her dodgy hip. It’s a life that has been much more full than she would have expected ten years or so ago. That’s when the whirlwind that is Sherlock Holmes blew into her life, spreading justice and chaos equally in his wake. Mrs Hudson has never been blessed with children but she likes to think any son of hers would have been like Sherlock, all eager need to right the wrongs of the world and manic energy formed from the jumbled emotions he tries not to wear on his sleeve; emotions that she has always seen so easily. Of course, she’d prefer him without the drug problem but she understands that this is how Sherlock has chosen to deal with those things that he can’t deduce or solve; John’s marriage for example.  The poor man had been left broken-hearted and had, understandably in her opinion, run away and hidden himself in a drugged haze, letting each day blur in to the next. Of course, there had been that odd relationship with the girl, Janine, but it was blatantly obvious that was never going to go anywhere.  She had seemed perfectly nice but Sherlock needed more than nice, he needed bossy, easy to anger, easy to laugh, happy to lead or be lead, oh, and he needed a penis attached to all that. In all the time she has known him Sherlock has never shown a romantic or sexual interest in a female, not even the manipulative Irene Adler had stayed on his mind for long.  She’d seen him cast a curious glance or two in the direction of a handsome male but, as far as she knew, he had never done anything more than look.  Then John Watson had limped into his life and she had seen how Sherlock’s eyes would linger, how his cheeks would flush, how he would show off for this seemingly ordinary army doctor.  Sherlock could hide it from the rest of the world, oh yes, but he couldn't hide it from her.
“Come on then Mary, let’s go and see John.”  Sherlock fixes a broad, overly fake smile on his face and takes her, none too gently, by the arm.
"So," Sherlock watches as John steels himself for what he obviously considers to be a difficult conversation. John's shoulders pull back, his grip tightens on the cup and Sherlock can see the muscles at his jaw working as he clenches, deciding on how best to start. Equally fascinated and horrified, Sherlock admires the way that John's cheekbones became more prominent in the way that he knows means John is about to speak.
"Once again, my spare set of keys were utilised." Mycroft’s eyes are flitting over John's form, reading God only knows what. John battles the conflicting temptations of smiling smugly, giving him the good old two fingered salute or blushing bright red and hiding behind his hands. Instead, he holds Mycroft's cool grey gaze. "Upon gaining entrance, we found Mrs Hudson on her sofa. Despite our initial concerns, she was only in a very deep sleep."
Sherlock looked down at John, smiling when he saw John's furrowed brow, his friend deep in concentration.
She watches as they slowly trudge up the stairs, John's arm wrapped around Sherlock's waist and John can almost feel the way she is smiling as he walks. A quick glance at Sherlock confirms that he, too, is aware of her scrutiny. There is a slight colour gracing his high cheekbones and his lips are just twitching up into a private smile.
"Jesus Christ." John's words are hushed, almost reverent despite their blasphemous root, understanding of some of Mycroft's actions and words now showing clear on his shocked face.
It feels like mere minutes have passed when he wakes but the small amount of sky he can see through his window confirms that it is now night.  There are no stars visible this far in the city and any moon that there may be is hidden from Sherlock’s view, thus impeding his ability to estimate the time.
“So I can see!”  Mrs Hudson claps her hands together in delight and leans in a little closer to the screen, obviously studying everything about them.  “Big things too, from the look of things.  Ooh, I can’t wait!”
“No.  I’m paying for this.”  John smiles softly, his eyes full of warmth as he studies Sherlock’s face.  “You were told, but did you listen? I did say that this is how I’d romance someone I was in a relationship with.”
He was barely aware of Sherlock working his fingers free from his arm and leading them to the sofa, realising only that his fingers had been entwined with Sherlock's when their absence chilled his hand. The cold leather of the sofa through his work trousers startled John back to the immediate situation. Looking intently now at Sherlock, he was relieved that Sherlock's eyes were still clear. John allowed himself a rueful half smile as he realised that the doctor in him had obviously remained alert whilst the rest of him melted into a puddle of sentimental, over-sexed goo. Cautiously he pressed his fingers along the lines of Sherlock's neck - no inflamed glands, no tenderness being expressed.  Moving closer he looked deeply into Sherlock's eyes, looking for broken capillaries, discolouration, non reaction in the pupils.  No - clear, alert, tracking every movement he made and studying him intently. He pressed the back of his hand against Sherlock's forehead and then the nape of his neck, fighting on both occasions against the temptation to run his fingers through gently curling hair - warm, but within normal boundaries.
“Dick.”  John laughs affectionately, popping some toast in his own mouth.
“Don’t … don’t you think he’s pretty?”  Bobby presses, frowning.  “I’m not really into blokes but….but.. Sher …. Sherly is a very pretty man.”
“I won’t. She’ll never come between us, never again.” John knows which ‘ghost’ in particular Sherlock is referring to and presses a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “I swear.”
Pulling the duvet over them both Sherlock covered their now cooling bodies. "Obviously." Snuggling his head back onto his lover's chest he closed his eyes, smiling contentedly, both men drifted into an untroubled sleep.
John could not find the words he needed, instead nodding frantically, knowing that Sherlock would see his agreement. This time when the warm, wet swipe came he was more prepared, the pleasure indescribable. Something in his core burned with need for Sherlock, a fire he knew would not be doused, only stoked to burn brighter.
He looks over at Sherlock, receiving a vague hand wave in response.  He busies himself filling the kettle and switching it on, before sorting out two cups, dropping a teabag in each.  He taps lightly on the worktop until Sherlock makes an annoyed noise.  Less than a minute later a freshly made cup of tea is placed in front of Sherlock.  “Found anything interesting?”  John asks, sitting next to Sherlock at their small table, leaning in slightly to look at the papers scattered in front of them.
"Forgive the interruption, gentlemen."  Mycroft stands just inside the doorway, his own cheeks slightly flushed.  He casts a quick glance over to where his briefcase and umbrella still remain.  "I only returned for my personal effects, I took somewhat longer than I anticipated." Mycroft's blush deepens slightly and he attempts to hide the sudden colouration by walking to the chair to collect his belongings.
"Inside these walls I know that your actions will not reach the attention of Ms Morstan but please, Doctor Watson, Sherlock, keep any behaviour that may suggest John's lack of eventual return to her behind locked doors. I believe we are coming to the end of a very long game, it would be a pity to mess it up now."
"Sherlock. I know how much John means to you, and, I'm afraid there's no easy way to say this, but Mary was taken into hospital with suspected complications relating to pregnancy. John and Mary are expecting a child."  For once Mycroft's words were softly spoken, compassion evident and that sincerity, more than anything, is what crushed the last of Sherlock's hopes; stamped out the last spark of life in his Phoenix.
Sherlock kisses John’s left eyebrow.
He lays back on to the soft duvet and pulls Sherlock with him, moaning as Sherlock settles on top of him.
Sherlock nodded mutely. Of course he would do that for John.  He would do anything for John.  Always.
Their laughter fills the festively decorated hallway and follows them in to the lift.
She’s got quite the imagination that one.
“I won’t let you hurt John.”  Sherlock stand to take a protective stance in front of John’s fallen figure.
"Of course Sherlock. Whatever you think is best." John tried to keep his voice calm, but he could hear the warmth in it. His thoughts in brief turmoil as to whether he wanted Sherlock to notice, and question, his agitation or not.
I make too many mistakes when it comes to you and I won’t mess this up.
I’m bloody awful company.”
"Woohoo, boys? Dinner's ready." Mrs Hudson's cheery tones call them both to the table and it all feels strangely ordinary; a day like many others before Sherlock had 'left'.
"Er, yeah." John could feel the heat in his cheeks; of course Sherlock would know his work schedule.  "I thought, maybe, we should spend the time practising. Damn glad I came early now! Bloody idiot, letting yourself get into this state!" John knew the gruffness of his words was doing very little to disguise the tenderness he felt for the man sitting in front of him.
Sherlock’s voice is deep and husky; the sound of which does more for John than the instruction. John’s hand moves on his cock, hesitantly at first but then with more surety.
Finally, John grows impatient and raises up on his toes, pushing his lips firmly on Sherlock’s.
He seems to think Sherlock will listen to me.”
"What do you know Mycroft?" Sherlock could feel the way the words wrenched at his throat, coming out as a low growl, his sudden fear sounding like anger. Had something happened to John?
John's face is currently largely relaxed but a deep frown belies his apparent calm. Sherlock loves the size and shape of John's face, the way it had fitted into his palms so perfectly when he had finally been able to touch him as he'd longed to. He's long been fascinated with the way that John's jawline becomes firm and pronounced when he's angry or cross, the chin dimple deepening, his cheekbones becoming more defined. Sherlock's heart thuds with want and need at that particular expression and he has been guilty of angering John in the past just so he can see it. John's face is so eloquent, the lines on his face tell the story of his life and he's an irresistible read; Sherlock spends long hours just reading John but has never quite reached the heart of the story. John is the embodiment of not judging a book by its cover; at first sight (and second and indeed third), John appears to be a mild mannered professional man, happy in his slightly baggy jeans and comfortable jumpers. He
"I can't change the drip for you Sherlock. I'll look after you at home, but let the good people here do their job. I will talk to them about getting the other stuff off you, though; give you a bit more freedom of movement. You've been coming in and out of consciousness for a few days now and they were able to remove the catheter before you woke earlier. You were lucky you were asleep; it's not always a pleasant experience for the patient. You're going to need some help either peeing into a bottle or using the loo." John gives a lopsided grin before kissing Sherlock's blazing hot cheek and leaves to go and talk to the nurses.
"You've still not heard anything from John, I take it?" Sherlock was surprised how soft his brother's voice had become - caring; his icy front momentarily thawed, their eyes met briefly before Mycroft focused again on his umbrella handle.
"Nothing happened. I just didn't sleep."
“I ‘must’ nothing, Sherlock Holmes.  I control when I go and when I stay, not you.”
"It's not your fault, love." Wiping his tears away, John kisses Sherlock's shoulder, "I was the idiot who had sex with her, married her."
So, there you go ...... Earlier we had visions of Sherlock in the shower, today we have John........ And a thoroughly distracted Sherlock!
“This doesn’t mean that you can blithely carry on in any manner you wish.
It seems to him that Mr Holmes and Doctor Watson may finally be starting along the path of what they were always meant to be.
“It sounds like somebody has been having fun,  Pete’s Dragon again?”  Mrs Hudson queries, waiving aside John’s offer to make her a cup of tea.
There is that, I suppose.”
“What is it you actually want?”
Magnussen takes no notice of John’s outburst, continuing on as if John hasn’t spoken.
“John has been rushed back into surgery. I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
Marry me
"Better?" Sherlock's tone is intimate and warm, matching the sensation of his skin against John's.  John sighs and nods, rubbing his cheek against Sherlock's.
There’s nothing more serious than a parking ticket in his file.
The moment John's legs are free, Sherlock is back on him, lips on lips, bare skin sliding against bare skin. Sherlock grips John firmly by the biceps and moves him back to the wall, gentling the pressure on impact. He moves until he is pressed against John, as much of their naked bodies together as he can possibly get but the angle is all wrong, their height difference too much. Swiftly, Sherlock grabs two firm handfuls of John's upper thigh and backside, lifting him off the floor in one quick move. John moans against him, wrapping his legs around Sherlock's hips, securing himself.
"I'm not going to be leaving the flat, John. We are just going to be looking at records, it's no different from looking at the cold cases Lestrade brought round."  John raises his eyebrows, the fact that they both realise that it's far different from a cold case remaining unsaid.  "I can do this, John.  I need to do this."
A sharp pain in his index finger brings John's focus back to the document he is clutching. It is now crumpled in his fist, the staples cutting into his flesh and his blood marking the paper. He thinks it's somehow apt that Mary has finally drawn blood from him. He takes a deep breath, viscously suppressing the urge to pour himself a whiskey. Instead, he puts his restless energy into a few deep stretches, first bending down to his toes then stretching up high, forcing his tired muscles into submission. The slight ache directs his thoughts back to the sleeping Sherlock and he realises with a guilty start that Sherlock hasn't eaten today and it's now late enough for John to be considering bed. He knows, in the usual grand scheme of things, it's nothing unusual for Sherlock not to eat but it's intolerable whilst his body is still recovering; an unforgivable oversight on John's part.
They quickly lose themselves in the kiss, bodies rocking against each other instinctively, a distant part of John acknowledges that he will be more than happy if all they do this time round is rock to completion.
"John." Peripherally he can see when John looks up, food finally abandoned, plate next to his on the tray. "Previously, you seemed to indicate that you were attracted to me, that I had your heart." He senses, rather than sees, John nodding. "I ...." He hesitates, clearing his throat. "I ..... Understand, completely, if you feel that after today's revelations it is too soon to embark on a romantic or sexual relationship with me, or indeed if you want to do that at all now." He finally looks over at John, bracing himself for the worst and is surprised when he sees an amused half-smile lingering on John's lips.
The early morning sun peeking through the curtains rouses John and Sherlock from their sleep; their waking is slow, each man taking a moment to register his position in relation to the other.  Sherlock, predictably, reacts first, gently removing himself from where he lies tangled with John, unsure whether this is something they do now.  He is certain that he fell asleep on his own side of the bed, forcing himself not to embrace John, not wanting to risk triggering a nightmare.
Sherlock's look once again swept over John's form, his focus this time lingering longer on John's face. His insightful eyes quickly flicking from feature to feature;
Molly nods, thankful that John is the one to raise the subject. A few moments later and Molly is settled at a microscope, a sample of John's sperm on the slide.
John can feel the heat on his face as he flushes at being caught in his blatant perusal of Sherlock’s body.
voice causes John to choke out a noise, it's a mix between a whine and a groan but he's far too turned on to be embarrassed. "I want to, I
They move together through the first few bars of the song, neither man says anything but neither do they look away from each other.
Once more, Sherlock acts on emotional instinct alone, allowing his body to do what it needs to for once. He moves to sit on the bed, the outside of his hip flush with the outside of John’s, and wraps his right arm around John, gently rubbing his back in an effort to soothe him. Slowly, and with infinite care, Sherlock eases John closer to him before bringing his left hand up to rest at the nape of John’s neck. John tenses fleetingly before allowing himself to rest his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, letting Sherlock comfort him with unexpectedly gentle hands and words. Eventually John moves his hand from where it still covers his eyes to rest, damp and heavy, on Sherlock’s chest, instinctively mindful of his wound site.
“No,”
A few taps later and a video starts to play; Magnussen passes the phone to a reluctant John, who accepts it mechanically.
Within the hour both men are fed, showered and (almost) cleanly shaven and standing outside the morgue in St. Bart's. John clutches a take-away coffee and Sherlock sips at a tea, the steam curling in tendrils around the short stubble on his cheeks. They both take much longer than usual to finish their drinks. John knows why he is delaying, good old fashioned embarrassment, but he can't work out why Sherlock is doing the same.
“John……..”
It’s small and a bit crooked but it evokes an answering smile from John, before they both look away, the moment seeming too heavy.
“Beautiful.”  John whispers, in awe of the sight before him.
Sherlock hums happily, turning his head slightly to press a kiss against John's chest. "What a good idea John. I'm amazed I didn't think of it." The sarcasm is heavy in Sherlock's sleepy voice but there is no malice there, just a gentle teasing.
"And then, and I have no clue how you did it, you came back. I don't believe in miracles, but somehow you managed it." Sherlock watches, amazed, as John allows a tear to trail down his face; his John strong enough to allow his emotions through. "You started to get stronger, but you hid the truth from me, kept the fact that my wife tried to kill you, and damn well succeeded, and you somehow escaped out of a hospital when you could barely tie your shoelaces and decided to confront her. Do you know what an idiot you are? Having me there was no guarantee she wouldn't shoot you again. You put your life on the line for no reason! You tore your stitches and had to have your heart restarted, again, all because you felt you had something to prove. You're a bastard, Sherlock Holmes, and you're slowly killing me."
“Here we are.”  They halt in front of a heavy wooden door, the numbers engraved on a discrete brass marker in the centre of the door.  The only nod to modernisation is the sleek locking mechanism that John deftly slides their card through, all without releasing Sherlock’s hand.
John turns his head suddenly, looking directly at Sherlock, his face earnest.  “And then I returned home to Baker Street.  And to you.”
A magnificent Norse Pine stands in the centre, glittering with golden lights and sparkling red decorations; John makes a mental note to bring Rosie here to see it.
John wakes slowly, feeling unusually content and relaxed.
She had been struck by Sherlock's appearance.  She had seen photos of him of course, but seeing him with that ridiculous drawn-on moustache and noticing the way he was looking at John, it had been hard to reconcile them as the same person. Yes, the hair was the same mass of carefully controlled waves and curls, the lips were the same distinctive shape, the cheekbones were the same degree of chiselled.  But the eyes, the eyes were different.  The same extraordinary colour was apparent, but gone was the studied distance, the cold indifference.  As Sherlock gazed at John, all she could see were deep pools of regret, compassion, nervousness and fear.  John had been too angry to notice anything, but any fool would have been able to notice the way that Sherlock held his body.  No longer the brash, all knowing detective; more obvious now was the man who was just as much of an empty shell as John had been. Later, much later, after all the fight had finally left John she had been able to chat to Sherlock and had been surprised at just how much she had liked him.  Yes, he was occasionally abrupt, a little rude, but he wasn't trying to flatter her with lies.  He was honest and she had appreciated that and it was blindingly obvious how much he cared for John, how much he had missed him.
Sherlock takes a moment to calm his swirling thoughts and allow the last of his, rather disappointing, erection to ebb away. There are so many questions he wants to ask, so many things he wants to say, but the image of Mary keeps floating around his head.
"I'm sorry John. I should have let you know I was safe, that I was on my way back."  Sherlock tilts John's head up and presses a light kiss to his lips.  "That I was coming home to you."
Even after years of knowing him, being in his company, Sherlock has been unable to identify all the nuances; he only knows that he could identify John, by scent alone, in a room of hundreds.
Something suitable for a ‘consulting detective’.”
Sherlock wakes, a quick glance at the clock informs him that it is early morning.  He stretches, mindful of his morphine feed and of his own still healing injuries.  He casts a discerning eye over John, breathing out a sigh of relief when he observes no signs of John’s fever and that he looks to be in a more restful sleep.
"James?" John clarifies. "What about him?"
'My turn, but first let's go somewhere more comfortable."
John slowly looked up from where he had been busily studying his feet, working hard on getting the position and stance right.
"Just talk to me. Tell me something. Ask me something. Stop thinking.  Feel." Sherlock purposefully made his voice clipped, knowing that John would instinctively respond to it.
John briefly excuses himself to make Sherlock a drink and to gather his pain killers and when he returns to the room, the three men are sitting in comfortable silence. John hands Sherlock his pain-killers, pressing a quick kiss to the top of his head when Sherlock, once again, takes them without complaint. He puts the empty glass on the desk before passing Sherlock his tea, overly sweet, just how he likes it.
“Sherlock, I have a wheelchair for you to aid your transfer.”
“No, if we are seen just loitering around the hotel foyer all day it will rather put our cover story in doubt.  So, what do you suggest we do?”  The tone is playfully flirtatious but John can read the nervousness there too.
"I'm fine John. I ate a few cakes, you saw me take the tablets. I had a walk around, only on this level and now I'm checking my emails. Don't fuss." The words are typical Sherlock but the tone is warm. It's a request rather than an order.
Please love, I've been wanting you for so long, please,
Writing this story and reading all your lovely responses has really been the silver lining of the Covid cloud.
"Dick." John mutters affectionately, putting one finger on Sherlock's lips to stop him interrupting again. "There will be kisses. Lots and lots of kisses, hot ones, wet ones, chaste ones. Ones delivered in a rush and long, slow, luxurious kisses." John presses light kisses into the long column of Sherlock's neck, enjoying the difference of smooth skin and rough stubble against his lips. "There will also be more sex, more making love, more fucking. Whatever you want to call it. But ....." John brushes his finger over Sherlock's lower lip, eyes fixed on the movement. "It's going to have to be slower, more drawn out, perhaps there will even be times where you will just lie there and submit totally to my whims." His mouth quirks up at the side and he licks his lips, obviously savouring the image his mind has provided.
"Wow! That was brilliant, Sherlock. Show me that again." Sherlock could see the flush of excitement on John's face as he temporarily lead again. 1 ...... 2 ....... 3 ..... Quarter turn.  1 ...... 2 ....... 3 ..... Quarter turn. 1 ...... 2 ....... 3 ..... Quarter turn.
“Other than her threatening you, you have nothing without my statement.
Their lips rarely leave the other’s as the heat builds up between their bodies, a fine layer of sweat easing the friction of their rhythmic undulations; both men happy to go wherever the mood takes them.
John turned and faced Sherlock, for once meeting his eyes.
Sherlock.
John swore to himself that when he finally held Sherlock in his arms he would leave him in no doubt as to how he felt.  Gradually, the CD made the transition to the next song; a song that still had the power to bring a lump to John's throat and have tears prickle the back of his eyes.  It was only too easy to imagine a heart broken Sherlock alone in a crowd at the wedding reception, his eyes reflecting the sadness within, a half smile hitched on his face whenever John met his gaze.
Sherlock kisses his way back up John's body, each caress burning into John's over-sensitive skin, causing him to pant and squirm under Sherlock, desperate to feel him closer. What seems like years later in John's addled mind, Sherlock is finally over him, his cock slotted firmly between John's thighs, massaging against John's sensitised balls, rubbing through the lubricant there. He bucks up into Sherlock whilst pulling him down by the nape of his neck, the kiss is crushing and uncoordinated, both men now desperate for deeper contact. Suddenly Sherlock pulls his face away but smooths through John's sweat-soaked hair with one large hand before caressing his cheek. Sherlock is breathing deeply, trying to calm himself, needing to focus.
Earlier that evening.
"I'm going to slowly strip you naked, and as I strip you I'm going to explore every inch of skin I see.  Then I'm going to flip you onto your stomach and do the same to the back of you.  Do you understand, Love?"  The intimacy of John's words cause Sherlock to tremble further and he pulls his lower lip between his teeth in an effort to control himself.  John traces Sherlock's upper lip with his tongue, lapping at the lower one until Sherlock  releases it.  John delves his tongue into Sherlock's willing mouth, caressing every part with the tip of his tongue before gently sucking Sherlock's tongue into his own mouth, encouraging him to explore.  Their tongues wrap together and John chases the taste and texture of Sherlock.  His body rocks against Sherlock's erection trapped between them and Sherlock breaks the kiss to gasp John's name before John captures his mouth once more.  John can feel Sherlock's hips trying to thrust up against his weight, Sherlock's  fingernails digging into John's naked skin, eliciting a string of shivers from them both.  Slowly John pulls away from the kiss, gently biting at Sherlock's lower lip before easing the sting with a light kiss.
John clenches his fist before flexing his fingers, an indication of his discomfort.
“So…nothing happened?”
He opens his eyes, humour sparkling in their depths.
"Yes, but that's beside the point currently."
If I ever get the nerve to say "Hello" in this cafe
"No." The word is deadly calm and brooks no argument. "That's a lie. I was a doctor in the army Sherlock, I've seen enough wounds meant only to incapacitate and enough designed to kill. She wanted you to die, and she wanted you to do it slowly and painfully. It meant that I wouldn't leave you and catch her, which a shot in the leg would also have done, but mostly it meant that you would most likely bleed out before an ambulance got to you. You would be dead, and I would be none the wiser. Magnussen wouldn't tell me, he'd be true to form and try and hold it against Mary, who would later eliminate him. I would be broken again and Mary would swoop in and try to put me back together again. Except this time I'm not even sure I would have been recognisable as John Watson."
“I believe the doctor recommended early nights as being essential to my rapid recovery.” Sherlock pauses in the doorway to their bedroom. “Care to join me? Doctor.”
“How can I have a child with Mary?
Mm-hmm
John’s cheeks heat as the query slips out.
Charles Magnussen steps closer to John’s bed, swimming into focus.
“I could eat, but first..”
“I’m not on my own, Mycroft and Greg are here, others too.” John takes another calm step forward, allowing the light to fall on the person who has been standing in his shadow.
Sherlock watches as the movements of John’s eyes race behind his eyelids, noticing with increasing concern the way that a fine sheen of sweat is beginning to form on John’s skin.  One of the machine displays begins to flash before it emits a high piercing alarm.
"Not going to happen Sherlock!" John allowed a chuckle to escape before becoming more serious.  "Thanks for letting me stay here, for making me get off the floor."  John realised that he should be feeling awkward, cocooned in bed with a sleepy Sherlock, sunlight flooding the room, but he wasn't; he felt like he was exactly where he was supposed to be. Gently, John trailed his fingers over Sherlock's forearm, following the lines of  the lean muscles and prominent veins; such strength hidden beneath alabaster skin.  His fingertips traced over scars, new and old, and he wondered about the stories behind them.
“I look forward to it.” John responds, his voice husky, shivering slightly under Sherlock’s scrutiny. He clears his throat, before purposely changing the direction of the conversation to something more suitable to a public dining area.  “I’m going to start with the cream of tomato soup, then I’m thinking either the vegetarian cottage pie or the vegetable lasagna.”
“The nurse popped in a moment ago, wanted me to let you know your dinner is in the nurses’ break room.”  Sensing Sherlock’s hesitation she flaps her hand at him.  “Go on, I’ve just been telling John about some of the mischief you used to get into before he came along,  I’ve still got loads more stories to share.”
I know some were just me reliving events, memories; I’m not so sure on others, they make no sense at all.
John sighs when Sherlock's arm rests over his stomach, the reassuring weight of it easing away the last of John's stresses.  John relaxes more deeply and is just on the cusp of sleep when he feels Sherlock's hand slip inside the front of his dressing gown.  Dexterous fingers paint soothing patterns on his bare skin and John wishes he could extend this moment indefinitely, the peace and tranquility lulling him back to sleep.
“Shut up and drink your drink.”  John stalls as he fidgets, trying to get as comfortable as is possible in a hospital chair, visually making sure that Sherlock is also comfortable and drinking his warm drink as instructed.  “I returned to consciousness to find Mrs Hudson leaning over me, I had a wet face and a tea towel over my dick.”
“Who, Sherlock?  Who had Magnussen at gunpoint?” Lestrade asks, both hands crushing his empty coffee cup.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft and Greg leave together with the arrival of John and Sherlock's meal, opting to continue their discussion elsewhere. Mycroft narrows his eyes at the smirk that Sherlock sends his way when he observes Mycroft's hand hovering proprietarily near the small of Lestrade's back but does not move his hand away, merely guides him out of the door, a brief nod goodbye directed at John.
I'm also going to take the opportunity to say thank you for all the wonderful comments, every single one is treasured and makes a huge difference to me, personally and artistically.
“Mr Holmes,  I understand what you are saying but I am employed to ensure that you rest and recuperate.”  Gethin stands his ground, even though he would like nothing more than to see these two broken men spending time together.
?” John shudders at the implication, his skin crawling.
“And your partners understood?” Sherlock queries, his fingers continuing their idle quest.
With inherent grace Sherlock slips his boots off, his socks following shortly after.
Mm-hmm
John felt the loss of Sherlock's hand on his shoulder keenly but before he could come up with a way of getting Sherlock to put it back his attention was drawn elsewhere. Sherlock was tugging at his shirt, evidently trying to get it to sit more comfortably, whilst continuing to lecture John on the impracticality of romance. John heard very little.  Sherlock's lecture on romanticism had receded  into white noise; it was a delicious experience of sensing the rich resonance of his voice without hearing the words. John's attention was now captivated by the line of buttons on Sherlock's shirt.  As usual they were waging a battle to slip free of their enslavers.  They had fought bravely, forcing the buttonholes to stretch and give.  John knew it was only a matter of time before the buttons were victorious, finally escaping their oppressors and allowing the shirt to open; the battle won.  John was completely on the side of the buttons and eagerly wished for that day to happen whilst he was there.  A small giggle escaped him before he was able to hastily stifle it, he really didn't want to be explaining to Sherlock that he was objectifying shirt fastenings as soldiers, their continued quest for freedom or dominance as a battlefield! Maybe he was a romantic after all, just one with a rather unique take on the world!
“What do you fancy?  The mushroom pâté looks nice, as does the Caesar salad.”  John muses, his finger on the menu, his focus now on Sherlock.
“We can share an appetiser between us, if you want.  Neither of us are big eaters, and I know you’ll want to stay alert.”  John suggests, looking hopeful.
Frankly, it’s fucking amazing you didn’t die.
Surprised, John feels himself being suddenly shoved away. Raising his face to protest, his words die on his lips when he sees the look on Sherlock's face.
Mary; I decided to settle for a life less remarkable.”  He laughs, the sound bittersweet and Sherlock smooths his palm along John’s back, wishing he knew the correct way to comfort him.
"Um, right, thanks for that, Molly." John rubs the nape of his neck before sucking his lower lip in, fighting his own embarrassment down. "I appreciate you taking the time to get the tests done so quickly and for letting me know personally."
point that you were using?”
“Help yourself, Sherlock.” John gestures at the food before spreading some pâté on one of the sourdough toasts.
But there's one thing left to do
"You've been practising!"
John sends a silent thank you to Mrs Hudson for her preparedness when he finds his wash bag and some clean pyjamas.
Quickly, Sherlock typed out a message.
“Mr?”  Lestrade queries, his head tilted towards Mycroft.
“Might as well let him listen, he’ll find out somehow anyway.  Couldn’t keep the great Sherlock Holmes from sticking his nose in where it doesn’t belong even if we tried.”  Mary remarks bitterly.
They sit at their table, hands entwined, for a long, quiet moment. Sherlock's other hand has now joined in, fingers and thumbs caressing soft skin, exploring calloused fingertips, moving over scars. Neither man says anything; they simply enjoy the intimacy of the moment. Their gazes travel between staring at their joined hands to studying each other's face. It is only the arrival of their order that disturbs their isolation. The drinks are placed to the side of each man and the food - with two forks - is placed between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's ok, John. It's all right. Just breathe. I'm here."
“My vaults are full of information on her.” His cold stare fixes on Sherlock, clearly anticipating his next words. “They’re not a physical thing, Sherlock.
"Good to know you hadn't actually planned to dump me on my backside, John. The original name for the Emperor Waltz was Hand in Hand, not Arse on Floor!"   Sherlock dropped his head back to the floor, his chest still shaking with the last of his laughter. "I think we may need to practice that dip!"
“You guess correctly.”
Sherlock doesn't say anything but John feels that the fingers sweeping back through his hair are currently answer enough.
“She’s a no.”  John is very definite in his answer.
Molly has almost disappeared out of her office door when Sherlock stops her.
“A christmas treat.”
“I do, John.  Always have.”  He leans in and they share another kiss, as sweet as the previous were passionate.
Tenderly, Sherlock covers John's face with butterfly kisses; on his brow, his nose, his cheeks.
"It's only transport, John.  Lie back down, your proximity was soothing."
Feeling emboldened, John cuts off another piece of strudel and guides it towards Sherlock's mouth, hoping that Sherlock will extend this strange little flirtatious experience they are having. Sherlock's full lips slowly part and he leans forward to carefully take the piece of pastry into his mouth. John watches, fascinated, as Sherlock chews and swallows, the action of his long throat mesmerising.
“I am very aware of that, Sherlock. There’s nothing childish about curiosity; besides, what’s wrong with acting a little ‘childish’ from time to time?”  John continues to smile, his gaze even as he coaxes Sherlock along the path.
But I will,
"Bastard." There's no anger in John's voice, the word is laced with affection and something more, something that is clawing at John's throat to be said, but he swallows it ruthlessly back down before grinning back at Sherlock. The grin morphs into a giggle and before long they are both laughing.
Nothing had been able to fill the void left by Sherlock’s absence but he had begun to heal and to see some sort of future for himself; perhaps not the one he had originally envisaged but one he thought would bring him some measure of happiness.
Sherlock tries to reason, fighting to keep the pain out of his voice.
"Oh no, John." Sherlock's gaze slides over John, causing the hair on the nape of his neck to rise, there's something almost predatory in Sherlock's intense stare. "We have to make sure you do this right, no errors."
(See the end of the chapter for
For a moment Sherlock closes his eyes and lets the memory of his dreams wash over him. He is on a plane, has nearly overdosed but Mycroft is there, asking for the list of what he has taken so they can help him. Mycroft is disappointed, yes, but he's there for him, no matter what. Even if he has to rely on second-hand information via John, Mycroft has always been there.
She tucks the camera back in her apron pocket before anyone else can see it, taking a willing Rosie back from Sherlock.
Well, she can go f..”
“This is nice.  Very nice indeed.”  John says, echoing his earlier opinion.
John is bucking into his hand, the moves almost violent in their intensity. He can feel where Sherlock's large hands have moved to clutch at his backside, long fingers parting and squeezing his buttocks, riding the motions of John's hips.
"But I left you. Let you believe I was dead. Maybe....."
“Thanks, but no thanks.”  Gethin reaches for the small case of medical supplies he had brought with him and moves to sit next to Sherlock.  “Now, if you don't mind, Mr Holmes, I need to change your dressing.”
John had always thought it was likely that Sherlock was gay and probably somewhere on the asexual spectrum, from the small understanding that John had in that area - medical knowledge being far too clinical to apply to someone like Sherlock.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock would be fluent in the language and John really shouldn't be surprised by these things anymore. John is able to decipher that Sherlock is requesting to see someone but then his very basic understanding falters. The receptionist phones through and before long someone comes to greet them. The man in question immediately walks over to Sherlock and offers his hand. John has to fight to keep the shock off his face when Sherlock is then pulled into a hug; he can see that Sherlock had only frozen briefly before returning the embrace, patting the other man firmly on the back.
John knew that this hug was more than a simple lovers' clinch.  It was the deep, healing embrace of two people, each of whom had been damaged in life's journey, only to discover that their redemption was intrinsically entwined with the other.
“I’m sorry, I can’t tell you that, you’d need to be a member of Doctor Watson’s immediate family.”   She apologises.
John, unashamed in his nakedness, trusting Sherlock to do what is necessary.
Our work.
"Hello John? Hello John?   You vanished into thin air for two months and that's all you can think of to say? Hello bloody John!" Sherlock could see anger and betrayal clear on John's face and barely had a moment to register the fist moving towards his face before it made contact with his cheekbone. The shock and impact of the punch felled Sherlock.  Realising the wisdom of the matter, he stayed low on the ground and bit back the first remarks that came to him, one hand held up in front of him, his palm facing outwards.
“It’s always been you, John Watson.
It takes him by surprise to see John standing at the edge of the bed, looking unsure; thankfully, it takes him less than a second to deduce the reason for John’s hesitation.  Obviously not all of his higher order thinking skills have been turned to mush by the unexpected events of the day.
Sherlock took a step back, distancing himself from John's approach and John was aware that he was avoiding meeting his eye. Waving a dismissive hand, Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock slides his large hands round to cup John’s backside, sliding them beneath both the jeans and boxer shorts, flesh warm and soft against his skin. John’s breathing is broken, his chest heaving with emotion and he looks down at Sherlock, the image of him on his knees enough to cause John to salivate and groan. He threads his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, the curls twine around his fingers as he resists the temptation to pull Sherlock in closer, to feel his breath against him. Seconds later Sherlock eases both John’s trousers and pants down and off, leaving him naked and wanting in front of an equally wanting Sherlock.
I could phone them right now and tear your whole life down.”
"Sherlock needs me, Mary."  John deliberately lets her assume that he means whilst Sherlock recovers. "And yes, I love the ring.  It has special memories attached to it. Every time I see it, or touch it, I remember when it was placed on my finger and it makes me happy.  I think of all the good times that have been and all the good times yet to come." Sherlock watches as John keeps his focus fixed on the ring, acknowledging neither him nor Mary but Sherlock knows that John means when he had placed the ring back on John's finger.
"Sherlock." John flushes at the sound of his voice. It is desire-laden and he can only hope the slight echo of the bathroom is enough to disguise that.
~~~~~~
"Sorry, sorry." John wipes the tears away from his cheeks and takes a few deep breaths.  "Carry on."
In many ways she is still very much 'his' Mary, the Mary that he fell in love with. John can admit that it was love he felt for her, it wasn't the all-encompassing love he feels for Sherlock but it was love all the same. He doesn't believe it was a love that would have lasted though, too many things had already begun to irritate him about Mary before Sherlock had even returned. Tiny things, things that, when a relationship is strong and the love is deep, would have made no lasting damage but with Mary, these things had begun to grate on his nerves. John knows he is not a very patient man even at the best of times and his relationship with Mary was beginning to bring out the worst in him.
"Mycroft? Our visitor is Mycroft?" John splutters, legs braced apart and hands on hips, mindless of his nakedness. "At this point, I'm not even sure
to think about, and research, all the things I want to do to you, for you to do to me, for us to explore together. And I assure you, I'll be very good at putting theory into practice." He dips his head down and is rewarded with a deep kiss, their tongues teasing and tangling.
“You really are such a trusting old thing, bit too trusting.  If I wasn't working to a time limit tonight I think I’d enjoy teaching you the danger of trusting too easily, maybe at a later date.”  Enid reaches up and removes the badly cut wig that she is wearing, her own hair is now dark and cropped short and she feels more herself than she has done for years.  The blonde hair she used to sport was fun for a while but the length and the constant need to re-colour  was beginning to wear on her, give her an easy-care hairstyle anytime, especially in her field of work. She leans over Mrs Hudson’s dressing table to peer into the mirror, she blinks at her reflection before removing the brown contacts she has been wearing, revealing bright blue irises beneath.
“Mr Holmes, your wound may be healing well externally but I am concerned that you are overdoing things.”
Frozen I held my breath.
“John?” Sherlock leans closer, his gaze fixed upon John’s mouth. At first he believes it is just the play of light over John’s pale skin but, with bated breath, he continues to observe. John lips move again, the difference is minuscule but enough to convince Sherlock that John is trying to wake up.
"Good morning, boys." Mrs Hudson greets them with a smile, going on her toes to try and kiss Sherlock's cheek. John smothers a grin when Sherlock stoops down, meeting her half way, letting her plant a kiss on his whiskery cheek. "You need a shave, Sherlock, you're looking quite the down and out." She turns back to the sink, continuing with the washing up. "It's almost as bad as John's old moustache."
John watched as Sherlock moved to the fireplace, observing a slight tenderness in the way he walked.  Ah, it seemed that Sherlock was sporting a bruised bum after being knocked to the floor.  He knew he should feel more guilty for hitting out at Sherlock but the damn man had deserved it. Swanning off for months without a bloody word then walking back into his life with a blasé 'Hello John.' John sniggered; maybe he should offer to kiss it better? What had crossed his mind as a juvenile idea suddenly bloomed into a very visual possibility, taking John's breath away with its clarity. Sherlock spread on his bed, lying on his stomach, nude.  John felt saliva pool in his mouth as colour flooded his cheeks, but still he couldn't block out the image of a naked Sherlock.  Pale skin against dove grey sheets, head resting on crossed arms, turned to watch John crossing the room, eyes burning hot with desire, the delicious curve of his arse blatantly displayed. John knew he was in dangerous territory, fantasising openly about his flatmate, with said flatmate in the room, but God it felt good.  He only hoped one day he would be able to act upon his fantasies.
John halted in his walk to the kitchen when he thought he heard his name being softly spoken. Turning, he saw that Sherlock had already fallen into a light doze, his eyelashes fanning over skin, pale semi circles of smudged sootiness beneath his eyes evidencing his exhaustion. John's gaze travelled over the long expanse of his friend, still stunned that he was back in his life, living, breathing, occasionally eating and sleeping. Sherlock looked somehow younger, more fragile whilst sleeping and John felt his chest tighten at the surge of protectiveness he felt for this man.
“That’s because you don’t want to get dressed either, isn’t it?”  John teases, tipping Sherlock’s chin up for a kiss.  “You can get up and get the menu. I’m basking in the compliment.”  John folds his arms behind his head, laughing at the shock on Sherlock’s face.
"I'll just nip and get something to clean us up a bit and then we'll catch up on some more sleep." John's voice exudes contentment and relaxation; just the sound of it makes Sherlock want to curl up on John's chest and sleep. Reluctantly, he opens his hands and allows John to slide from his grip. John's semen feels cold and slimy in his hand, utterly perfect. Sherlock resists the temptation to bring his fingers to his mouth and taste it, knowing John will be annoyed that he hadn't waited for him to be tested first. Instead, he brings his hand level with his eyes and watches the way it moves over his skin. He imagines that the essence of John is somehow being absorbed into his pores and the idea makes him sigh in contentment.
Sherlock lowers his hands from John's face; John barely has time to mourn the loss of Sherlock's touch before his hand is being held in the firm grasp of Sherlock's own. Sherlock leads them over to the shelter of a large tree before pulling John into a seated position next to him. He continues to hold John's hand in his own, eyes minutely studying John, before returning to gaze at the fireflies.
"Don't ever do that to me again Sherlock. I don't care what crazy arse excuse you think you have, you are not to do that again." He pauses and Sherlock is sensible enough to realise that this is not a prompt for him to talk, rather a time for John to study Sherlock's reaction to his words so far. Sherlock realises how incredibly rare it is that they are looking directly at each other when talking about difficult things, namely emotions. Determined to show John that he is aware of the import of the moment, he holds John's steady gaze, the urge to look away or make some glib comment viciously suppressed. He owes John this.
"Oh fuck! Jesus Christ! Sherlock.... I need you in me. Now." Pulling himself away John flipped himself onto his back and pulled Sherlock down to him. "That was bloody fantastic. Thankyou. Now lay on your back."
"But Moriarty is dead. You said he blew his own brains out." John leaned forward in his chair, forearms resting on his thighs, the slight glimmer of firelight dancing in his glass.  John was alert now, but not unduly worried.  He trusted Sherlock.
“Hummed.  She was reticent to be put down.”  Sherlock shifts her weight a little before fixing John with an interrogative gaze.  “I take it the date went well.”
“Well, if you ever change your mind…”  Sherlock muses.
John presses open-mouthed kisses along Sherlock's jaw before leaving butterfly kisses over the curve of his ear, drawing the lobe into his mouth, sucking slightly before tracking more kisses across Sherlock's face. Moving down, John kisses Sherlock's neck before resting his mouth over Sherlock's pulse point.  John can feel the rapid fluttering beneath his lips, he sucks tenderly on the skin, wanting to leave a mark but deciding to leave several lower where Sherlock can easily cover them.  John sweeps his tongue all over the long, pale column of Sherlock's neck, paying extra attention to the delicious curve of his Adam's apple. Slowly he moves down until he can dip his tongue into Sherlock's suprasternal notch, tasting the delicate tang of salt, before slowly undoing the first button of Sherlock's shirt.
Sherlock's lips twitched before he answered and John was sure he was swallowing a smile. "You already have John.  I am a lot closer to a resolution now, but, as much as it pains me to say it, patience is the key here. Only time will truly tell."
Long moments pass - the night air filled only with the sound of strong, soft lips gliding against plush, full ones - before John is able to withdraw himself from Sherlock. He nods, a firm little gesture, signifying that a decision has been made.
He feels light-headed from the intensity of the moment and is rapidly becoming breathless.
Reassured that Mycroft will keep a sharp eye on both Mary and John, Sherlock allows himself to be lead from the room and along the corridor to his own room.  The flowers from his original stay still remain but they are starting to wilt and droop, betraying the passing of time.  Time that Sherlock devoutly wishes he could turn back, back to before John got hurt.  He muses that if he could truly turn back time he would rewind it right back to when he sacrificed himself for his friends; he would find a way to let John know he was safe, to trust John not to betray that information and to continue to keep Lestrade and Mrs Hudson out of danger. It’s an idle thought that he doesn't allow to linger for long, that way heartache lies.
They wake hours later as a chill begins to creep into the room. Regretfully they untangle from each other and stumble the short distance to the bed, neither fully awakening. Once there they wrap the duvet around them and, much to John's tired delight, Sherlock resumes the position he had been sleeping in, head resting against John's chest, right arm and leg sprawled carelessly across him. Sherlock is asleep again within seconds and John smiles contentedly before joining him.
“That you know of.”  John intercedes, idly flicking through the photos in front of him.
He presses the tube of rediscovered lube into John’s hand. John takes the hint and pours some into his hands, massaging it with his fingers to warm it.
John frowns at this apparent non-sequitur.
"Indeed. But just who will be doing the riding?"
I really hope you continue enjoying the story, the feedback has been lovely and I must admit I check on kudos, etc, rather too often!
Sherlock snaps, realising as the words leave his mouth just how stupid and unfeeling that particular comment was.
Mrs. Hudson fills the time with small-talk about the various going-ons in Baker Street, including the latest gossip concerning Mrs. Turner’s married ones, their constant arguments over whether to start a family and Mrs Turner’s concerns about having a small child in the building.
John closes his eyes against the sight of Sherlock on his knees, that perfect cupid bow poised and ready,
“And you never thought to give it a go?” John queries.
John gulps at the evidence before him and wonders how he could have ever missed this side of Sherlock. He briefly laments the time that has been lost between them, mostly due to his own hard-headedness, before grabbing inelegantly at Sherlock. One hand reaches for Sherlock’s pale shoulder as the other lands on Sherlock’s buttock, squeezing and savouring the firm flesh that he has cupped within his hand. His thumb sweeps along the waistband of Sherlock’s underwear, causing Sherlock to arch against him. Their groins meet briefly and both men groan before Sherlock pulls back and strips his pants off, standing naked and unashamed in front of John. The steam from the running hot water lands on his skin, dampening it slightly and, in John’s lust-ridden mind, he almost glistens, making Sherlock seem unearthly in his natural beauty.
The gentle touch of a warm hand to the small of his back draws John out of his increasingly unpleasant remembrances.
John interrupts, a coldly polite smile on his face.
Thank you so much for staying with the story, for all the lovely comments and kudos and particularly in response to that last chapter. Thank you for taking my story into your hearts, it really does mean the world to me.
Time has brought your heart to me.
In any other circumstances he’d be embarrassed by the needy noise he makes when his tongue finally comes into contact with Sherlock’s, instead he savours the unique taste and sensation, hardly daring to believe what is happening. The kiss slows, gradually stopping with a series of gentle kisses that make John’s heart ache with their sweetness.
"John, I think you should know something."
"Come here, gorgeous."  John's voice is rough and dry from his rapid breathing and he chuckles when Sherlock's eyes widen at the sound.  Sherlock crawls up the length of John's naked body and into his outstretched arms. John shivers at the brush of Sherlock's clothed body on his hypersensitive skin, tightening his embrace.  He runs his fingers through Sherlock's curls and waits for his breath to return to somewhat normal. His heart beat is erratic, but John is too aware of  Sherlock's aroused body pressed against his naked one for it to calm.
"You do know you can't actually die of sexual frustration don't you, Sherlock?"  John chuckles, happy that they are still able to tease each other.
Sherlock responds dryly, his attention almost entirely on the orderlies as they organise John’s bed and machines for relocation.
With a quick flourish Sherlock gathers all of the discs together and puts them, along with the paperwork, back into the file Anderson had brought with him.  The disc he had been studying stays securely in the computer.
“Yes.  The little Greek place, just off Piccadilly where we stopped for lunch after you solved that case involving the wax mannequins.”  John answers perfectly, he can’t recall the name of the restaurant but he can picture its beautiful exterior perfectly and the taste of the lovely fish he had eaten.
"John? What is ...... this?"
John has to swallow against the sudden rush of saliva at the thought of Sherlock in breeches.
John's jaw closes with a click but he walks over to where Molly is now encouraging him to look through the microscope lens. He looks, glances at Molly then gestures for Sherlock to look. Sherlock studies the slide for a long time before switching to a new sample. He looks at John, emotions warring for supremacy on his face.
"You heard me John. Please don't make me repeat myself." The usual iciness was back in Sherlock's voice.
Sherlock nuzzles his hot face in to the curve of John’s neck as he gently squeezes John through his jeans, momentarily overwhelmed.  After a few seconds he is able to watch his hand once more. It feels strangely surreal for this to be happening in the middle of the afternoon with light streaming in from the windows.  In all his fantasies, in all his dreams, any sexual encounter had happened under the cover of night, the darkness only dimly illuminated; they'd seemed apt as he'd had to keep them buried so deep inside him that no light ever shone upon them.
Here it is! The much awaited (hopefully!) part 2!  I had a nightmare of a time getting it to transfer! 3 times I wrote it directly into AO3, losing it twice! Please forgive any mistakes that I've made in my copy across, I wrote this whilst staying at my in-laws, blithely pretending I wasn't writing gay sex!
“It’s okay.”  John takes pity on him, finally breaking the silence.  “Really. It’s okay.”  He holds Sherlock’s eye for a moment longer, before clearing his throat, effectively ending the moment. “I’m going to grab a quick shower before dinner.”  He gives Sherlock’s shoulder a brief squeeze before walking in to the bathroom.
‘Always a favourite, Mrs Hudson.”  Sherlock replies, wincing slightly when Rosie fidgets to see Mrs Hudson better and digs him in the chest with a bony little elbow.
“I want to, though.”  Sherlock replies.  “As I said before, I want to try everything with you.  Absolutely everything.  I just worry that my body is going to react before my brain has caught up.  You have to understand John, my brain has always been the fastest thing about me.  At times I’ve had to listen to my heart, but only after my brain has had its say.”
"Hair gems, John." Sherlock's voice is open and expectant, obviously waiting for John to make the connection. John scrunches his face in concentration, his brows a firm furrow on his forehead. Sherlock notices the moment that John remembers something and he starts pacing, eagerly awaiting John's answer.
It took him longer to catch the attention of a cab driver than if he'd been with Sherlock, but he'd found through trial and error that his full Captain Watson stance got the required attention soon enough. Sherlock's response finally came through just as John was giving the street address.
"Bloody hell Sherlock, that's a gifted mouth you've got there!" He eventually murmured, his chest still rising and falling rapidly. "If I'd known that telling you I'd seen you in the shower would have this effect I'd have told you yesterday!"
For a moment Mr Rajkoomar holds John’s worried gaze, debating on how direct to be, before remembering that the man before him was a soldier, a doctor and the trusted long-term aide of the notoriously difficult Sherlock Holmes.
"What?"
John leans further over Sherlock, concentrating on the smaller text. He looks up in shock at the birth date; it is exactly the same as the birth date that had been revealed to be Mary's. Angela's, as he must try to think of her now.
"Molly." Sherlock states and in an unusual display of consideration Sherlock removes himself from the living room and pops into the bathroom to give John some privacy.
Well, I ‘elp out a bit.”
I have never been able to get enough of you and adding sex to the equation will make it harder for me to step back.
Sherlock's whole body tenses and he slowly raises his face, eyes cast in John's direction. His cheeks are flushed, his neck and chest mottled red. The small amount of iris John can see glitters in the candlelight, his pupils wide, hair awry.
"You belong with Sherlock. You belong together. You deserve each other.. " Mary felt her face relax into a grin. "And actually John, I deserve to find a love like that too."
"Yes."
“Love?”
"I know, Molly and I will do my best, everyday. Thanks again. For everything."
Sherlock knew that the time had come to finally tell John how he felt, how every moment of every day was flooded with thoughts of him. Of them. Of how he wanted the rest of their lives to be spent together.  He felt his lips part as he tried to say the words, but a lifetime of emotional avoidance stopped him.  Once again, he steeled himself to try, only to be interrupted by John removing his hand.  He watched as John ran both hands over his face before turning his focus to the fire. A sure sign of avoidance.
"You'd be more comfortable on the sofa."  John is abrupt in his speech, eyes avoiding Mary.  Sherlock is grateful Mary isn't paying him any attention now, her eyes locked on John.  She moves her head in a vaguely reptilian manner before taking a seat on the sofa, twitching her coat out around her.
“I’ve spoken with the nurses and they've agreed to arrange for you to have meals nearby, obviously you can’t eat in here but they've said you can use their break room.”  Anticipating Sherlock’s protests she flaps her hand at him.  “You’ll be able to see John’s room quite clearly from there, don't worry. They do insist that you return to your room overnight so that your own recovery isn't delayed.  Mycroft’s lot will still be about and I’m sure they will alert you should anything untoward happen.”
"The fireflies. You just looked so gorgeous and I'm afraid I couldn't resist any longer. The light from them as they flew round you just created the right sort of atmosphere, I suppose. I've wanted to kiss you for ages, just now finally seemed like the perfect time."
John enjoys his first experience riding a tram, the gentle rocking rhythm causing him to bump into Sherlock and on one memorable occasion make a rapid grab for him when they both lost their footing at an intersection. Shock had quickly morphed into laughter, only ceasing when both men averted their faces, sniggers muffled into the collar of their coats.
"Finally, you take me fully into your mouth and it's like ...." John pants. "it's like coming home. It's everything I've ever imagined and more. You suck me, drawing me deeper in, the pressure is perfect and I know I won't last long." John chases his orgasm, his muscles are taut and his legs trembling, cock hardening further in his hand. "A few more sucks and I come. You moan and dig your fingers into my arse cheeks at the taste and sensation but you pull away whilst I am still ejaculating."
"Won't Mary suspect you've told Mrs Hudson what happened? Or that I've told her?" John queries.
“John?” Sherlock runs a trembling hand through John’s hair, his fingers running easily through the strands.
“Haven’t you got enough of those yet?” Sherlock asks in between growling noises, his gaze still on the blonde child sitting on his lap as John shows her the pictures in a book.
“I visited the offices of Charles Magnussen on behalf of a high ranking client, who shall remain nameless.  I had managed to talk my way in to the main offices and when John and I arrived Magnussen’s P.A and his security staff were all unconscious, manually knocked out. John stayed with the P.A whilst I went upstairs to locate Magnussen, I was certain he was still in the building. I could hear Magnussen talking, pleading really, and when I pushed open the door he was there, on his knees, being held at gunpoint.”
Sherlock rushes forward, slipping slightly in the water, his hand flutters over John as water falls on them both, soaking through Sherlock’s pyjamas.
Sherlock was lightheaded from the overwhelming pleasure he was feeling, his words coming out in broken gasps.
Crossing back to the beds, John sits on the edge of the double with a soft groan, the mattress soft and luxurious.
Sherlock picks up a small bag that contains a change of clothes, nightclothes and a few favoured books and toys for Rosie and follows John as he carries Rosie down to Mrs Hudson.  As usual, Rosie’s arrival is greeted with an excited hand clap and she is lifted from John’s arms and gathered in Mrs Hudson’s deceptively strong ones.  Within seconds Rosie is ‘answering’ Mrs Hudson’s questions and it is soon decided upon that she wants Shepherd’s Pie for her dinner and Banana and Custard for her afters.
. Sherlock is still stunned at how rapidly things had progressed last night. He'd meant only to tease John, to explore his body whilst they showered, perhaps to bring John to climax whilst watching every nuance of that beloved, expressive face. Instead his hormones and instincts had taken over and, surprisingly, he'd relished every second of it. His barriers had come down with a resounding crash and Sherlock had been brought to what, if he had been a more pious man, could have been the very edge of heaven at John's hands, hands that were surprisingly soft and nimble, hands that represented both strength and tenderness; that delivered lethal force and loving delicacy with equal skill.
I’m sure he will want to check on your progress anyway.”
"Fuck, Sherlock."  John's voice is reverent despite the coarseness of his words.  Unable to draw the moment out any longer, John swiftly draws the tangled garments from Sherlock's legs before kneeling up, allowing his eyes to sweep slowly over the naked form before him. "So beautiful, you are so beautiful."
Every breath,
Thank you for the invitation.”
Sherlock is a scientist, first and foremost, and as such understands the need to test a hypothesis.  This weekend - the whole ‘pretending to be a couple,’ could definitely work in his favour; Sherlock decides to study John’s reactions to proximity, to a touch or embrace initiated by Sherlock and, if it seems relevant, a chaste kiss.  Deciding to test his theory, he leans in closer to John.  Resting his hand lightly over John’s he waits until John looks at him; observing the way he swallows, the way his eyes dart momentarily to Sherlock’s lips, before leaning in further.  For a moment Sherlock allows how he feels about John to show on his face before pressing his lips, briefly, to John’s.   He pulls back to study John’s reaction, ignoring his own pounding heart and heated skin.  John looks gratifyingly stunned, before blinking and licking his lips, his gaze once again wandering back Sherlock’s lips.
Directness it is.
"Oh Sherlock." Mrs Hudson's voice was choked, her sympathy evident as she placed her small hand on his arm.  Sherlock fought against the urge to melt into the touch, to let another human share his burden. Standing straighter and pulling his arm from her gentle grip, he huffed out a sigh of extreme boredom, his acting skills momentarily surprising even himself. "Sherlock Holmes, stop that this instant!" The sudden resolve in her voice forcing him to respond.
“No, she’s fine.”  John has to admit that Rosie does look very comfortable.  “She kept waking up and wondering if you were home yet.  She fell asleep about an hour ago, just after my fourth rendition of Brahms’ Lullaby.”
A slow smile spreading over John's face, he knew he looked like the idiot Sherlock always accused him of being, but quite honestly he no longer cared.  Clearing his throat, overly aware that this was the chosen method of emotional avoidance, John sought for a way to change the conversation - ah yes, dancing.
He opens his eyes at the same time as he tries to force himself into a seated position; the room spins and John hisses at the renewed spike of pain.
This chapter should help to clear up that rather mean chapter I left you with, well a little anyway.......
“They are breed unto themselves, never doubt how perceptive they are.”
“But who employed you? Who masterminded this whole farce?” Sherlock demands, eyes cold and teeth bared.
John just has time to acknowledge this before he is once again being manhandled in the most delightful way.
How could he have ever thought this man unfeeling? All of Sherlock’s emotions are clear to be seen if John had only bothered to look. He lets out one more low laugh before leaning up for a kiss, its duration is short because of their lack of breath but it lacks no tenderness for its brevity.
John finally looks at Sherlock, he looks unusually hesitant and unsure, his dark blue eyes guileless. “Don’t go yet, wait until I sleep again.”
Sherlock studies John for a long moment, his intense gaze causing John's mouth to flood with saliva. "You. I want you." Sherlock's voice is still gravelly from lack of use but the sound of it hits John right in the chest, heat radiating out to his face and groin.
"Aaah John!" Sherlock finally turned from the window with a swish of his silk dressing gown. "You came."
He is now aware that he is in a large and spacious room, most likely a warehouse with no natural light filtering in, the only light is coming from a single bare bulb hanging from the ceiling; that the air is cold and stale and smells slightly of river water; the floor is solid concrete, smooth and chilled beneath his bare feet. None of the evidence he gathers in his quick glimpse sets this warehouse apart from any other warehouse that lines the length of the Thames and Sherlock groans weakly in frustration.
Something that meant if anything bad happened to John, then Sherlock would step up.
John’s attention returns to Mr Rajkoomar when he speaks again.
“Oooh, this is a lovely one! I’ll grab another when you're all dressed up, my handsome boys.”
Sherlock eases John back into his embrace, encouraging his lips to open under his, taking small tastes of John’s mouth. With ease he draws John’s tongue out to slowly dance and twine with his own and sighs against John’s strong lips as John’s hands once again drift to his backside, unconsciously massaging the muscle there. He can feel when John’s passion once again overrides his concern, the grip on his behind stronger, the massaging making his cheeks part and meet rhythmically, causing his hips to rock and his penis to rub against the rough material of John’s jeans.
, waited too long for me to fuck it up now."
John laughs lightly, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s temple before meeting his eye.  “Yeah, I had a similar thought when I first woke up.”  John traces Sherlock jawline, the barely there stubble making his fingertips tingle.  “All real though.”
Sherlock's gaze travels up John's body to the gunshot wound on his shoulder, it's long-healed now but the damage to flesh is still vividly apparent. Silver scar tissue spirals out from a central scar, evidence of infection taking a hold before treatment was received. Sherlock knows very little about how John came by his wound. He has been able to deduce a little over the years from the way that John held his body and reacted to external stimuli and recently John had told him some of the bare circumstances. Seeing him naked provides Sherlock with the perfect opportunity to discover more, but he understands people are more than the sum of their scars. He is a perfect example after all and doesn't want John to feel that is all he is to Sherlock; another person to read; another case to be solved.
Their flight to Vienna is an easy one, but bustling. There's been no time or privacy for Sherlock to tell John about why they have come to Austria, and John is eager to find somewhere to stay so that Sherlock can update him. Unfortunately, finding a room is proving challenging; Sherlock hadn't thought to phone ahead and the last four hotels they had tried were fully booked. Now, standing outside the fifth hotel, John is praying to a god he is not sure he believes in that they have a room.
(Can you tell Doctor Schmidt that Sherlock Holmes is here to see him please?)
why you jumped, but no more scares now, Sherlock." With a final tweaking of her cardigan, Mrs Hudson begins to eat, signalling the end of the, rather one-sided, discussion. John looks to Sherlock with rather wide eyes and is pleased to see Sherlock eating, even more so when he sees genuine pleasure at the taste of the food, clear on Sherlock's face.
Allows for a wider range of techniques to be employed. - SH
attraction between them to be acted upon. Coincidentally, it is also the same man who is covered in broken twigs and smudges of mud and who has earth caked under his fingernails. Looking to the side, John grins up at the man walking beside him; Sherlock, finally,
"With this ring I pledge my life to you." Sherlock's words are whispered, his features lit only by the flickering candlelight. Sherlock has never been so beautiful. "For as long as you wear this ring, think only of when I placed it on your finger and of the time, should you be amenable, when I replace it with a ring that we have chosen and exchanged vows over." Sherlock continues to hold John's gaze, eyes intent, searching.
“No.  Let me.”  Sherlock interrupts, moving deftly into John’s personal space, trailing his hand over John’s shoulder as he steps behind him.  With great care, Sherlock slides John’s jacket off his shoulders, guiding it slowly down his arms.  John’s breath hitches at Sherlock’s touch, the intimacy of the moment stealing his words away.
John pauses, searching for eloquent words to express the depth of emotions he is feeling, he gives up after a fruitless search, his shrug merely moving the already creased bottom sheet.
“Yeah.  I believe so.”  He licks his lips, glancing briefly at Sherlock’s.  “I believe it’s time."
"Do you think you can leave your sanctuary in a moment and join me in the shower?" He laughs aloud at the alacrity with which Sherlock emerges from his hidey-hole and moves to his side. "Eager are we?"
"What, in our history together, will have set precedence for that? She knows that I am a loner, trusting very few people and I believe she thinks your pride won't allow you to discuss it." Sherlock adopts his usual thinking position, hands steepled in front of his chin, fingertips resting lightly on his lower lip. "Just keep her sweet with tea and sympathy, Mrs Hudson; John and I will do whatever is required but you must let us know if you feel at all threatened, do you understand? I won't have you getting hurt."
John puts some water on to boil, adding just a dash of vinegar for poaching the eggs.  Whilst waiting for that to heat up, John chops up some mushrooms and puts them to one side whilst he chops up some garlic. He heats up a frying pan and adds a strip of bacon for Sherlock, cooking it slowly just how he knows Sherlock likes it.  The water finally begins to boil and John breaks two eggs into the water.  A quick flick of the bacon and John gets out a smaller frying pan ready for the garlic mushrooms, deciding to be decadent John melts some butter before adding the mushrooms. Beans are heated through in a small saucepan before John pops a couple of slices of bread into the toaster.  John hums to himself as he stirs and flicks, fries and butters; this type of meal is a rarity for them.  It takes too much time and creates too much washing up to be an endeavour that John undertook too often when he lived at Baker Street before but today feels like the ideal time to spoil Sherlock with one of the few meals John is sure he will eat.
(My dear friend, good to see you again - and looking so much better than at our last meeting.)
“Yes.  For my suit.”  John says slowly, as if talking to the idiot Sherlock has occasionally accused him of being.  “The suit I plan on wearing at some point over this weekend.”
“Git.”
John's cry is loud and deep, shouted to the room at large. Sherlock's fuzzy brain mutters something about it being a good thing the windows are shut, as he registers the hot splatter of John's release on his stomach and penis. He manages to hold them up for a moment longer before his legs give and they tumble to the ground, a sweaty, messy tumble of weak limbs and sated smiles. They lie there for long minutes, each capturing their breath but never ceasing touching. John drifts fingers tenderly through Sherlock's sweat-soaked curls before drifting down onto his chest. Sherlock covers John's hand with his own, slightly shaky one, pressing it softly against his chest, just to the side of the bandaging.
I really hope you enjoy this chapter. xx
“Love should never be hidden away.”
there and a clear indicator that you need to rest and allow yourself time to heal.”
“It’s all in here.
“Sherlock?”
The silence that fell was deafening. Sherlock knew that his chest was heaving, partly from the emotion he had just spent and partly from fear of the reception his words would have.  He had said even more than he had known he felt.  Until he had uttered the words, he had not admitted, even in the safety of his mind palace, how possessive he felt of John,  how much he wanted to be part of him, to consume him.  The want was palpable and it shocked him to his core; he had never before been such a sexual being and the strength of it was unnerving, foreign to him. He watched with wide eyes as John leaned slightly forward and rested his hand lightly on Sherlock's knee, steadily maintaining eye contact.
"Ah, well, in that case Sherlock I'll see you tomorrow. I am certain you have plenty planned."
"What are friends for?" Molly answers, she hesitates. "John?"
"Sherlock deduced it from a song I was listening to."  John's voice is soft, the awe he always feels about Sherlock's deductions even more clear than usual.
"It is presently three minutes past one in the afternoon. I take it my brother is still fast asleep after yesterday's exertions?" Mycroft's words are dry and there's no sign on his features that he is implying anything more than the exhaustion caused by Sherlock's journey home but John still flushes, licking his lips when Greg's grin grows, quickly joined by Mycroft's smirk.
Eventually Sherlock switched the shower off and wrapping a towel around his waist walked back through the flat picking up his discarded clothes, feeling more charitable towards John's need for a tidy flat now. Slowly he walked to his own room and for once the world's most observant man failed to notice the obvious.
"Dance with me." Sherlock's voice was barely more than a deep growl, the throbbing vibration of it passing straight into John's body, pooling at his groin.
"The Empty Hearse?" John interrupts, incredulous.
He’ll be fine, a little groggy and a headache, nothing that won’t stop him ‘enjoying’ everything I have planned for him once I’m finished with you.”
What's the 'emergency' Sherlock? I know you're not hurt or ill, as even you would have thought to send me that information first. - JW
Slowly Sherlock undid John's belt buckle, taking his time to draw it out through each loop of the jeans. Leaning in he kissed along the line of dark blonde hair that showed above the low slung waist of the jeans, his eyes still holding his lover's gaze. Using his long, strong fingers he undid the button, moments later gently taking the zip between his teeth and drawing it down. He could see John's eyes darken even further and felt the tremors going through both of their bodies. Gently he snaked his tongue through the open zip and licked the material he found there, his eyes were still locked on John's face and he could see the look of pure bliss on it, could see John's lips forming the words 'oh fuck' over and over, a profane litany. Moving his hands over John's hips he pushed the jeans to the floor, lifting each leg out of the material before pushing the jeans away.
He had to abandon his usual pose because of the pain that had emanated from his injury when he tried, so Sherlock works hard on making his gaze go vacant, giving occasional hand twitches as if moving some invisible information around as he processes it.
This is it for me.
"What on earth for, Sherlock?" John's voice matches the whispered tones of Sherlock's. He ducks his head lower, bringing it down to the same level as Sherlock's. He looks into Sherlock's eyes and Sherlock can read compassion there. "It means a lot that you trust me enough to open up to me like this. Obviously, you needed to talk about it too. Please don't apologise for showing you care."
"Apologies.  It was just a turn of phrase John, I assure you." Mycroft allowed his cold eyes to linger a moment longer on John, taking in the strong stance and closed face, before slowly turning back to face Sherlock, leaning slightly on his ever present umbrella. John resisted the very childish urge of kicking the umbrella away just to watch Mycroft fall.
John could not find the words he needed, instead nodding frantically, knowing that Sherlock would see his agreement. This time when the warm, wet swipe came he was more prepared, the pleasure indescribable. Something in his core burned with need for Sherlock, a fire he knew would not be doused only stoked to burn brighter.
“Shit.  I wish I could but we still need to get you the all clear.”  John reaches down and adjusts himself in his trousers then leans forward to rest his forehead against Sherlock’s.
"Sorry. Sorry, I could still hear so I put some music on." She holds the earphone up to John and he flinches away when AC/DC blasts out at him.
Two words and yet John’s response to them could change the rest of Sherlocks life.
“Shit!” The expletive loud and abrasive after the quiet intimacy of only a few seconds earlier.
How can I have a child with Mary?
John muffles a groan and works hard to make himself think clearly through the haze of heat and lust.
"Time for that early dinner I think." Sherlock tilts his chin up and smiles shyly at him, eyelashes dark from the dampness that clings to them. "How about we get a delivery? I'm not really in the mood for cooking tonight, or for going out to pick something up, let's have someone else put in the effort."
“Aren’t you supposed to be taking over from Mycroft?”
“Where else?
John can hear Sherlock’s deep chuckles over the sound of the shower being turned on and he can’t stop the daft smile it evokes.  He knows Sherlock wasn’t inviting him in to the shower, it’s not the right time for that.  It was a glimpse of a flirtatious Sherlock; and what a glimpse it was!
He tries to speak but the words just come out in a jumbled mass and he curses the way his pale skin flushes.
John is still trying to make sense of it all when his body decides that it needs to rest to heal and pulls him once more in to a deep sleep.
Sherlock hums quietly in reaction to John’s touch, bringing his hand up to cover John’s before turning his head to press a kiss to John’s palm.  Sherlock’s lips are slightly parted and John shivers at the sensation of warmth breath against his sensitive skin.  John watches Sherlock intently as Sherlock continues his exploration.  Soft kiss follows soft kiss, occasionally Sherlock’s tongue comes in to play, peeking out to lightly trace a line or scar, making John feel almost breathless at the sensation.  Finally, Sherlock trails his lips over John’s fingers, tasting the tip of each one with almost unbearable slowness.
"John?" The tone is unusually gentle, the expression on Sherlock's face when John looks up is uncommonly kind. John shakes his head and leans into Sherlock, his forehead gently pressing against Sherlock's pectoral muscle, even in his turmoil John is conscious of Sherlock's injury. One large hand curls around his bicep, causing John to sigh and relax, the other hand trails gently over his back, soothing his cares away, before coming to rest at the nape of his neck.  John allows himself to be silently comforted, enjoying this softer side of Sherlock that he had denied existed for so long.
"Tell me what you are feeling, Sherlock.  You might be surprised by my reaction."  The sound of John's warm voice goes a long way towards calming Sherlock and he tips his head up from where he has been staring daggers at the rug.  He studies John, unable to read any signs of stress on him.  John is actually as relaxed as he appears to be, sipping at his coffee (no caffeine for an already jittery Sherlock) and eating his sandwich with apparent enjoyment.
John responds instinctively.
And finally a huge thank you to all of you! For the comments, kudos, bookmarks and company! It's been a fantastic journey!
For weeks now John is certain he has been seeing signs of interest from Sherlock but he keeps convincing himself that he is seeing these signs because he wants to see them, not because they are actually there.
"Angelo." John looks across at their waiter at the sound of such a familiar name.
Should I be apologising for flooding you with three updates in rapid succession? I honestly don't know! The last chapter, this chapter and the next chapter were all jotted down in their essence whilst I holidayed with my in laws at the end of the summer, they've just been waiting for me to write the story up to that point!
Sherlock concedes and attempts to feign relaxation in his chair, all the while alert for John’s symptoms worsening. Their conversation has obviously exhausted John but he seems content to let a comfortable silence fall between them. It takes a few minutes more of this warm silence for John’s eyes to take longer and longer opening after each blink.
I'll love you more with every breath.
“Good afternoon, dear brother.  I do hope I am not disturbing you and the good doctor at an ….. inopportune moment?”  The pause is barely perceptible but Mycroft’s smug enjoyment oozes over the phone line.
He took his time drying himself before running his fingers through his too-long hair; perhaps he could persuade John to trim it for him? Studying his face in the mirror, he was surprised how relaxed he looked, more than simply being post-orgasmic would account for.  Confiding in John had lifted a huge weight from his shoulders and he realised he wasn't afraid to sleep anymore. He wasn't so naive as to think that his nightmares would suddenly cease but he knew John would be there for him, at least in the short term.
“See something you like, mate?”
John can see a rag-tag mix of people, some he would call 'geeks and nerds'; people he's not surprised to see at Anderson's strange little fan-club, others are more well-presented but equally involved in whatever the discussion had been.  Leaning forward John studies the features of each person, trying to see whatever has captured Sherlock's attention.  At first superficial  details grab his attention; hair colour, eye colour, clothing style but then he looks deeper, taking in posture and stance and uses his imagination to alter the superficial; changing brunette hair to blonde, dark eyes to blue.... And there she is... Lurking in the background but apparently joining in with the conversation enough not to look suspicious.  His breath leaves him in a whoosh, he honestly hadn't expected to see evidence of Mary's actual involvement in the group.  A reassuring hand grips his shoulder and he breathes out, releasing his death grip on the table's edge.
Less than three minutes pass before John is back, pushing a wheelchair in front of him.
Tea in hand, John moved back to his own worn armchair, snuggling himself into it before twisting slightly to stare into the dancing flames.  John had found his prize about a week after moving back into Baker Street.  One evening in a moment of deep despair, John had curled up on Sherlock's chair.  He had hoped that being ensconced in the iconic armchair, he would feel closer to Sherlock.  Instead the scent of Sherlock and leather had increased John's level of melancholy.  He had fidgeted in an effort to cocoon himself further into the scent but had ended up stabbing himself in the thigh with something sharp.  Very gingerly, having no clue what he might find discarded down the side of Sherlock's chair, John had pushed his hand down, his fingers closing around the edge of a hard case and he had slowly eased it out.  A simple CD case was clasped between his fingertips, Sherlock's writing clear upon it.  He had opened it, only to find it was empty and John still remembered the feeling of deep disappointment swooping through his stomach.  Returning his thoughts to the present, John pressed play on the CD remote, flooding the darkening room with the warm sounds of the violin.  Laughing at his recollection of how long it had taken him to realise that the missing CD was already in the player, John allowed the music to wash over him.
For a long while John remains silent, his fists clenching in his sheets. He bites at the inside of his cheek, a sign that he is deep in thought.
Mary.
"So she threw you out? That's why you're here? You had nowhere else to go?" Sherlock was crushed; he had thought John had returned to Baker Street of his own free will, not as a last resort.
John's head is now moving in a steady rhythm, only the smallest amount of guidance is given from Sherlock.  On each new suck or tongue roll Sherlock thrusts deeper in until soon he is canting his hips at a frantic pace.  All too soon he feels the tell tale tingle of orgasm and his shaft thickens.  Gripping firmly onto John's head, he thrusts twice more before spilling into John's mouth, his body curled up and over John. With a gasp, Sherlock flops back onto the bed, his penis sliding from John's attentive mouth.  Sherlock's mind is still reeling from the whole experience when something wet and warm splashes onto his stomach. Opening his eyes he can see John kneeling up, his left hand working his cock, John's eyes are fixed on Sherlock and his mouth partially opens as he loses himself in his second orgasm of the night.  The sight is sublimely erotic and Sherlock groans before pulling a thoroughly spent John onto him, heedless of the cooling ejaculate between them.  Both men lie breathing quick and deep for long minutes before Sherlock breaks the comfortable silence.
A muted thump alerts Sherlock to the fact that Mycroft has moved a chair so that it is closer to the bed.  With an ease of movement more indicative of reclining in an armchair than a rickety hospital chair, Mycroft joins them.
Their cocks line up and the first full grind leaves Sherlock gasping and holding back a whine. His kisses become demanding and John meets every one in kind, arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock's shoulders, hands buried deep in wild curls. Sherlock grinds into John, their slide together is on the wrong side of comfortable but Sherlock can't stop now, each thrust a step closer to climax. John loosens one hand from Sherlock's hair, bringing the palm round to face Sherlock.
"Watson."
Sherlock keeps his attention outside when he hears John leaving the bathroom, deciding to wait for the final reveal of John’s outfit, knowing that it will be worth the effort.  He listens as John gets dressed, knowing precisely which item of clothing John is putting on from the sound alone, he is surprised when he realises that John’s suit must also have a waistcoat; for some reason this piece of unexpected information makes his heart rate accelerate.  He can hear as John puts on his shoes, then his suit jacket; his outfit complete.
"That's what all my nightmares are about.  You getting hurt, or killed. Faceless people carrying out their vile threats as I watch, powerless to stop them. An unwilling voyeur in their sick game."  John watched as Sherlock prepared himself mentally to complete his story, somehow knowing that its conclusion was near.  "As time went by my jailers realised they would gain no more than the name 'John' from me and that it was a worthless piece of information without actually knowing my identity.  A new jailer came and he decided that they had been too soft on me.  He hit me with chains or used metal-studded leather whips.  Luckily, I only had to endure this for a short time, a few days at most I think, before Mycroft appeared.  He had used his connections to track me down, posing as some senior officer and he finally got me out of that hell hole.  I was taken to a private facility where the worst of my injuries were tended.  Less than a week later, I was back in London and speaking to you for the first time in two years."
John feels the sudden need to say something to Sherlock, something to thank him for his concern, something to apologise for not understanding what he must have been through in his time away.
John allowed Sherlock's finger to slip entirely from his mouth, wrenching a moan from Sherlock; the loss of intimate warmth too much to cope with.
“Sherlock….”  John begins, moving to stop Sherlock from moving out of the bed.
Taking this into account Lestrade stops at the next vending machine and puts on quite a show of deciding what coffee to have, viciously suppressing a relieved sigh when he sees Sherlock sit down. Sherlock huffs and complains but he remains seated, rubbing a slightly shaking hand over his brow.  Lestrade selects a black coffee for himself, an Earl Grey for Mycroft, and a Camomile Tea for Sherlock.  With drinks in hands they set off once again, the wheel still squeaks and the sound of their footsteps echo along the mostly deserted corridors as they sip their drinks. They walk in strangely companionable silence until Mycroft insists that they need some sustenance, citing that they have no real idea when they are going to get to eat next.  Glancing over at Sherlock, Lestrade can see a fine beading of sweat on his brow and upper lip, the reason now apparent for Mycroft’s sudden need for a snack.  With a smothered sigh and a derogatory quip about Mycroft’s expanding waistline, Sherlock sinks gratefully in to the nearest available chair.  Mycroft buys them a twin pack of chocolate digestives each, which they put in their pockets under the pretence of saving them to eat later, before walking the last few hundred metres to Intensive Care.
Sherlock fidgets a little to meet John’s gaze.
"I see lots of fluttering bugs with glowing arses, flying around our heads, but I'm afraid I don't see what is so wonderful about that!" He grins sheepishly. "Well, the kiss was rather wonderful."
"Yes, well...." Sherlock mumbles, averting his eyes at John's raised eyebrow. "I had genuinely meant for us to shower ......I got distracted."
Thank you all so much!  Whether you have just popped by for a read, left a kudos or a comment, it is all hugely appreciated and means a huge amount to me!
Sherlock, you’ll need to try and keep your wound site as dry as possible.
"You. I was distracted by you, John Hamish Watson.... " He grins, the smile wreathing his face in carefree lines and sitting crookedly on his face. "..... And I don't regret a damn second of it."
Sherlock lowered his gaze to John's hand, amazed at how such a simple touch conveyed so much.  He felt John's fingers twitch and realised he had been staring for so long that he had made John feel as if his touch was unwelcome.  Tentatively, Sherlock lowered his own, slightly trembling, hand to rest over John's, threading his own long fingers into the gaps between John's strong ones. Sherlock's focus was fixed, amazed that for all their differences, gold against ivory, sun against snow, they fitted. He and John fitted together, like two puzzle pieces, like their two strong hands resting on his knee. Taking a steadying breath, Sherlock gently squeezed John's hand, glorying in the heat of it.  Slowly he raised his eyes to meet John's steady gaze with his nervous one.
Jesus Christ. John knew that this song applied to him utterly. How to be brave? He knew he needed to be brave enough, needed to take that one step closer, so that he would not lose Sherlock again.
“At this point in my life I’ve pretty much accepted the fact that I’m practically nocturnal.” Lestrade chuckles wearily, dragging his free hand over his stubbled chin. “Enough of the delaying tactics, Sherlock.  I need to know what happened from the moment you left this hospital to the moment you came back.”
“Did he?” John laughs, his head tilted, his smile not reaching his eyes.
“And?” Mary studies Sherlock warily.
“Oh, that’s not precisely true, Doctor Watson.
"He said he's sorry." Sherlock says the words without emotion.
She made a few plays, most notably when I was bathing once, but nothing came of it.
"Yes, thank you for that scintillating information, Doctor Watson. Now, if you're quite finished I'm going to go and wash my 'transport', unless you have something to say on the manner in which I cleanse myself?"  Sherlock pulls his dressing gown around his slim body, tying the belt tightly before striding out of the living room, walking by John in the kitchen and into the bathroom, closing the door with a resounding thud.
Thank you so much for your constant support!
"I love this part here.  The way it scrunches up when you're confused, deep in thought or thoroughly pissed off."  John presses another kiss to the frown.  "And it would also appear it's there when you are turned on.  Hmmmmm, I'll definitely get distracted watching you frown from now on."
"Right, I'm going to see Mrs Hudson about that lunch she insisted on. You'll be all right if I just pop downstairs?" John tips his head to one side waiting for Sherlock's answer. Their eyes meet and hold before Sherlock gives a brief nod and half smile whilst reaching for the nearest cake.
The room that awaits them is understated luxury, eliciting a quiet whistle of appreciation from John. Deep-pile burgundy carpet mutes their footsteps as they enter the room, the pale cream walls adorned with beautifully framed art work, the colours complementary to the warm wood tones of the furniture and the material of the window dressings.  The room has plenty of room for a small table with upright chairs, two padded armchairs and the usual accoutrements required for tea and coffee making.  The whole room gives off an air of comfortable elegance, the light streaming through the voile drapes dances across the carpet, leading the way to the over-sized four poster bed.  The bed is dressed with embossed cream covers, a runner and numerous throw cushions matching the burgundy of the carpet and curtain tie-backs and it draws Sherlock’s gaze, long after he should have been looking elsewhere.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice is strained, his throat dry and scratchy, but he pays it no heed. Panic is starting to claw at his chest, shallowing his breath and aggravating his wound, still he refuses to allow his attention to be on anything other than John. John. His John. John who should have woken up by now. John who should be awake and aware. John who should be telling Sherlock to shut up, to go away; or nagging him to eat and get some rest. Instead John continues to sleep on - like some bloody fairytale princess, Sherlock thinks bitterly. Sherlock doesn't want a princess, or a prince; a short-tempered, short-statured, sarcastic, big-hearted ex-army doctor suits him much better, leave the fairytale royalty for those that have need of it.
The pain from his wounds taking its toll, add that to the sleep that John lost worrying over him - both from his absence since the wedding and from his hospitalisation - and it’s no wonder that John is struggling to stay awake for more than an hour or two.
"Yeah." John's eyes are a glimmering ring of navy blue around dark pupils in the flickering firelight. "I can do that." His voice is gruff, almost gravelly and the sound of it causes the hairs on Sherlock's arms to rise. There's something primal to it, almost predatory and Sherlock has to fight back the urge to moan.
“I never kept you around for your scintillating conversational skills, John.”
The next time he wakes, it is to the sound of the shower and the sight of no Sherlock. It doesn't take a detective to work out where Sherlock is; what does confuse John though is how Sherlock managed to extricate himself without waking him up. Getting up, John shuffles over to the small coffee-making facilities in the room, intent on a strong coffee to shake off the last of his lethargy.
John was disappointed but unsurprised by Sherlock's lack of verbal response.  The only clue that he had even heard was the rapid downing of his whiskey and the quick flick of a wrist motioning John to do the same. John complied, his eyes never leaving Sherlock as he stood and refilled their tumblers.
“I’m sorry, dear, old age is getting the best of me. You stay and have some more tea and mince pies and let yourself out.  I’m a trusting old fool but if you’re one of Sherlock’s lot I know I can trust you.  Goodnight dear, I’m so pleased you came by tonight.”  She gives Enid one more sleepy smile before pottering off to her bedroom.  She has just enough energy to check her special mobile phone, one given to her by Mycroft and Inspector Lestrade, nodding at the coded message that flashes up on its screen.
"Know what, Mrs Hudson?" His voice still had its icy, clipped edge.  The muscles in his body locked in position, his fingers gripping on the chair edge, turning white. He knew he would not be able to keep the facade up for much longer.
Sherlock sighs as John leaves, stifling the sound when Anderson glances curiously in his direction. A dismissive wave of his hand is all the response that Anderson gets before being directed to take a seat at the desk.
Sherlock gives his hair a light tug, eyes fluttering momentarily shut out of the sheer pleasure it gives him.
“No.  Contrary to popular belief, when I’m using my mind doesn't slow down, it races!  My body isn’t a consideration, it’s barely even transport during those times.”  His hands fly around, the gesticulations adding emphasis to his words.
Magnussen fakes surprise.
Hang on a minute, modern or classical what? What techniques? Sherlock what are you waffling on  about now? - JW
Sherlock could feel the shock of John's admission battling with his arousal, he could feel himself rapidly blinking as he processed the unexpected way things were going. He had expected John to deny he had been there or to say he hadn't seen anything. He had not expected John to react so ..... positively.... to what he had seen.
"It sounds very serious indeed, and rest assured John, I will take very good care of you whilst you suffer and during your recuperation." Although Sherlock's words are intended to be light-hearted they are no less sincere for that.
“Yes.”
Sherlock promises, unsure why John felt he needed to ask such a thing.
"John." The sound of his name seems to rouse John out of his avid contemplation of Sherlock's body and he releases Sherlock's hips to straighten his arms enough for Sherlock to remove the shirt. With the encumbrance gone, John returns his hands to Sherlock's body, this time letting them wander. Hips ...... to chest. .... to neck ..... to face, sliding back down to hips, only to start their journey again.
"So, if I'd bothered to look, the clues would have been there? I would have known you were still alive?"  John questions, dark blue eyes focus intensely on Sherlock.
"I think I can concede to that." Sherlock realises he would sound more magnanimous if his voice was not quivering and his pulse had not just kicked up several notches.
John's heart swells at what he thinks Sherlock is trying to say, but for his own peace of mind he needs Sherlock to clarify that they are thinking along the same lines. Resting his head lightly against his right hand, he tries to affect a casual tone.
John’s breath comes in angry pants as he grinds out his questions.
Sherlock’s light laughter joins his.
Now that the wait is over
“John. Mary is here.” Sherlock interrupts, his eyes darting towards Mary, catching the end of an angry grimace.
"Not stupid, John. Never stupid." Sherlock's words are starting to slur and he curses himself for being so reliant on the medication. "The two of us....." The gaps between blinking are getting fewer and fewer and he is struggling to keep his eyes open. "Against the rest of the ......" Sherlock's words trail off as he finally succumbs to sleep. He does not feel John raise their clasped hands to his lips, or the way that strong lips brush carefully over his hand, each fingertip adorned with a kiss, nor does he hear John utter the last word of his sentence. He has drifted back into the world of dreams where his Watson awaits him.
The lovely Lockedinjohnlock continues to do a brilliant job on this! My use of commas (well, lack of) must be the bane of her existence!
"Ok." John moves to get his phone but his movement is stopped when Sherlock grabs his arm, pulling him back towards him, whispering fervently in his ear, lips just brushing the delicate skin there.
Pushing briefly at the bathroom door Sherlock didn't really care that his clothes stopped it from fully closing.  With a long sigh of relief he reached over to turn the taps on, stepping into the shower and neglecting to pull the shower curtain completely closed.  Sherlock relished the shock to his skin of the cold spray as he waited for the water to warm up, noting how the thrill of the cold water made the hair on his arms stand on end, his own body's attempt at trapping any available heat.   Closing his eyes he leaned his head back under the water, allowing it to rinse away the grime from the London streets, the constant rhythm of the droplets against his skin allowing some of the tension to ease away.
They enter John’s room, remaining quiet until the nurse leaves.
- is that John is trying to impress Sherlock; is
"John."  The name escaped on a gasp, he couldn't believe the evidence of his own eyes. Why would John be at Baker Street? Automatically, he removed his scarf and coat, hanging them on the hooks, his eyes never leaving John, drinking him in; he could see him clenching and releasing his left fist, flicking out the fingers in obvious growing frustration.  Eyes on John, he watched as John walked towards him, his face now locked in that dangerous half smile that Sherlock knew meant righteous anger was simmering just beneath the surface. John Watson was a smouldering ball of fury and not a man to be taken lightly.
"I'm leaving her Sherlock. How can I forgive a woman who tried to kill my best friend in cold blood? A woman who knew too well what your death would do to the man she supposedly loves but did it anyway? I don't care what it says on that bloody memory stick. I ceased to love her the moment I found out she shot you, and truth be told I never loved her as a man should love the woman he intends to spend his life with. I was too broken to see the truth behind it until you came back, and then too stubborn to admit the truth of it to myself. I should never have married her. That was cruel to the woman I thought she was. I wasn't free to give my heart to her."
Their bodies rock together as they embrace, finding their own natural rhythm, their skins slick with arousal; warm sighs turn into throaty groans as desire once again takes over.
Why wouldn’t I?” John queries, his brows furrowed in obvious confusion.
"No! Well yes, but not in the way you're thinking."  John pinched the bridge of his nose before continuing.  "She could see I was conflicted.  Torn between where I wanted to be and where I thought I should be."  John glanced at Sherlock seeing the obvious confusion. "I wanted to be here with you, whenever it would be that you returned.  I'd intended to move back in, call things off with Mary, that evening that we danced, when we almost...."  John licked his lips before finishing his story.  "But after she was hospitalised I just couldn't leave her to fend for herself.  That's not the type of man I am."
"Of course John. Just between us. Although at a later point you may want to let Mary know, stop her worrying about your performance after the wedding."
John suddenly smiles and the world shifts. For the first time ever, Sherlock is aware that his mind is silent.
“That’s okay, I need to nip up to the room and get my book anyway.”  John leaves Sherlock chatting whilst he goes back to their room.  He returns in less than five minutes, surprised to see Sherlock still chatting amicably with the concierge.  He greets Sherlock with a kiss, receiving one of Sherlock’s soft smiles in response.
"Patience. We both know you have outstanding self control, I want you to test it now.  I'm going to taste you.  Lick you. Make you grow so mad with need you'll want to just take me but you won't, and do you know why? Because you know that it will heighten everything. That's when I will finally let you come, we will both see fucking fireworks! I've wanted you, needed you for so long.  Now I know that you feel the same, I am going to make our first time so memorable you'll never want to be with anyone else again."  Each sentence had been punctuated with another lick on Sherlock's cock, the pre-come dribbling out being savoured.  Each man now sweating from the heat between them. "Then, when we both can't take anymore, I'll reward you.  Thoroughly."
“I wasn’t talking about the meteors, Sherlock.”  His voice sounds soft even to his own ears, rich with the tenderness he is feeling.  Sherlock glances at John, wanting to know what he is looking at.  John can tell the moment Sherlock realises that his admiring gaze is for him, and him alone.  John watches as Sherlock wrestles with his reactions - disbelief, denial, sarcasm - before uttering a shy, ‘Thank you.’  The sweetness of his response makes John smile, something he seems to be doing a ridiculous amount of recently.
Sherlock briefly smiles at the hat reference and the amusement in John's voice. He looks at John, pride briefly clear on his face. John feels a rush of warmth and love for the man before him. Sherlock is
With what seems like almost superhuman effort Sherlock halts the exploratory march of his fingers. “I had a wild youth and have been celibate since I turned twenty.
“Sherlock, what would you rather I do?”  Weariness colours Mycroft’s voice, he closes his eyes, pinching at the bridge of his nose as his shoulders droop. “Delay the surgeon by asking numerous questions or allow him to go about his job and quite possibly save your good doctor’s life?”
“Sherlock?”
John cups Sherlock’s face with both hands, eyes intent. “So that’s what I’m doing.
“Yes, John.  Time to go and get ready for Mycroft’s party.  His driver will arrive to collect us in an hour.”  Sherlock reluctantly lets John go, before turning and walking to his own room, his mind still reeling from their conversation and his hand tingling from where John had touched him.
John gently chides but silently agrees that Lestrade’s place leaves much to be desired, a result of too little time to spend in a place that John knows Greg doesn’t think of as a home - merely a place to lay his head for a few hours before returning to the often long and demanding hours of his job.
“Always.”
John licks his lips, “Don’t ask me about it.”
~~~~~~~
The words hurt to say but Sherlock has to make John understands.
I don’t want you to hurt yourself.
Oddly, instead of feeling unpleasant it sends shivers of intense pleasure through John’s body and he moans in response, his head tipped back.
Mycroft leans back in his chair, hands loose in his lap as he studies John, long moments pass before he finally blinks.
“I’m not sure how much you remember.” Sherlock states, his tone questioning.
“You too?”  John confirms.
John muses, remembering their first meeting.
John can’t help to think how very characteristic that is of Sherlock - straight to the point, no need for small talk; immediately chastising himself as he recalls many times where he and Sherlock have just chatted about anything and everything, often over a take away or a rare home-cooked meal.
“Bloody tease.” John huffs out as he hurries after Sherlock. The sight that greets him steals all the air out of his lungs and his cock gives a very eager twitch under the weight of his towel.
"Listen here, young man. You are going to eat that food and you are not going to complain. I don't expect you to eat it all but I expect you to have a bloody good try. You need to eat sensibly and rest a lot. Doctor Watson and I won't see it any other way." She takes a deep breath and John notices that she's shaking, her eyes overly bright. If he's noticed it, then he's damn sure Sherlock has too. Glancing over the table, he can see that Sherlock is listening intently, looking surprisingly repentant as Mrs Hudson continues. "You've got to stop putting yourself in harm's way, Sherlock, love. I'm not sure how many shocks my heart can take; not to mention what you're putting poor John through. And I know,
Huge thanks to Heyerette for all her translation work, for getting me interested in Empress Elisabeth and for all the wonderful historical conversations we've had since!
“As she pointed out, repeatedly may I add, she was already at risk simply by remaining at Baker Street.  A risk she willingly undertook, Sherlock.” Greg asserts, holding up his hand to stop Sherlock from interrupting.  “The devices were brilliantly disguised; they looked like calculators, or old remote controls; stuff you'd expect to find around the house.  The rest you know.  Mrs Hudson used one of the devices as soon as the opportunity arose and that alerted myself and Mycroft that, to quote you, the game was on.”
"Mary? What's happened? Mycroft, why the hell did you keep this from me? Were you so desperate for my help that you felt the need to conceal this information? "
(Apple strudel to go, please.)
Sherlock shakes his head, his hair lacking its usual bounce from need of washing.
"Right, now I need you to put your right hand on the edge of my shoulder blade." Sherlock started in surprise when he felt John's hand at his waist, the warmth clear through his shirt, the thin material no barrier at all. Sherlock bit his lower lip to keep the sigh locked in that threatened to erupt as he felt John's hand slide slowly up his back.  It was more glorious than he had ever imagined to feel that hand move gently over his body. His reverie was broken with a sharp gasp from John, his hand suddenly released and dropped.
With easy movements John draws Sherlock into another kiss, spreading his legs and encouraging Sherlock to slip in between.
He has no clue what he will do when Rosie is older, he has no intention of ever leaving Sherlock’s side again but, realistically, he may have to. Rosie can hardly be expected to share with her dear old dad until she leaves home.
He becomes aware that John is talking to Rosie, telling her, once again, that they will be away for a few days. Sherlock takes the opportunity to give her one final hug before passing her up to John, who is now standing in readiness of their departure.  John rests her expertly on his hip, holding her safe with one arm; he plays with her hair before tugging her socks up and ensuring she has her cuddly bee, delaying handing her over to Mrs. Hudson for a few more precious moments.
“Huh,”
"Up you come, John."  He was surprised to feel himself being bodily pulled up, Sherlock's firm hands wrapped around his biceps.  Before he even had time to register what was happening, he was being positioned on a bed.  Sighing as he felt the smooth softness of rich, cool cotton beneath his skin, John allowed his muscles to gradually relax into the mattress beneath him.  Just as he was on the cusp of sleep, John's mind finally caught up with where his body was.  He was currently in Sherlock's bed clad only in his boxer shorts.  Sitting up suddenly, still more than half asleep, John made to leave when a warm hand made contact with his bare skin.  The knowledge of whose hand it was resting on his skin stopped John from moving, his body betraying him, refusing to leave when it could have more of Sherlock so close to it.
“Brother mine, I see you're out and about. Here for a statement of the case so far, are we?”  Mycroft tries one of his customary smirks but it comes out as a grimace, the pain he is still in, evident.
“John.” Sherlock sighs breathlessly. He wants so much; everything, all of it, now; but conversely he wants to draw out each brush of lips, each slide of fingertips over exposed skin, each gasp and moan indefinitely.
He gestures to the side of his bed, waiting for Sherlock to sit down.
“Come here,”  The huskiness in John’s voice receives a raised eyebrow but, and more importantly, also an armful of warm, eager Consulting Detective.  John’s arms automatically slide around Sherlock’s waist, hands slipping down to rest on the gentle swell of Sherlock’s backside.  Sherlock’s agile hands are far from idle, coming to rest at John’s nape and the base of his spine, firm and guiding.  John takes the hint and pushes up on the balls of his feet, eagerly meeting Sherlock half way in a kiss that leaves them both breathless from the outset.  When Sherlock’s hips move against him, John can feel the way that Sherlock’s cock is already beginning to harden, the very knowledge of which makes his own arousal swell further.
No, Mary, you will not.”  Footsteps echo as a lone figure walks from the shadows and halts, unarmed, a few metres away from Sherlock and Mary.
For a long time Sherlock remains awake, his mind busy even as his body relaxes.  This morning he believed that he and John would only ever be friends; this evening he has everything he could ever want.  Far more than he feels he deserves; he’s not an idiot - despite what his brother may think - he is not going to turn down a relationship with John.  Sherlock becomes aware that John has fallen in to a deeper sleep and carefully moves over to his side of the bed, knowing that John doesn’t respond well to being hemmed in, even in his sleep.  He feels colder for the few inches between them and reaches out for John, positioning his hand so that his fingertips barely brush John’s.  Sherlock closes his eyes, letting sleep come, knowing his brain will continue to catalogue, resolve and store all of the important information from the day.
"We've been exploring each other's bodies with our tongues, lips and teeth. Like now, you've already come and I'm aching for release too." John wraps his left hand around his cock, eyelids fluttering closed at the contact. "I can feel every pulse and twitch; it feels like my normal reactions have been amplified." John allows himself a long stroke from root to tip and back again.
With a deep breath he walks on to the dance floor, weaving in and out of the dancers. He stops by Sherlock and Lady Smallwood, placing his hand briefly on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I was his flat-mate.  His colleague.  His best friend, I believe.”  Sherlock answers, gasping as pain shoots along his hurt arm.
"Sherlock, love, I need you to move onto the bed for me. Just lie in the middle and I'll take care of you.  I know you're impatient, Jesus, I've no idea how you've lasted this long, but just trust me. Ok?"  John breathes his words into Sherlock's damp curls.  "Whatever you want, whatever you need, it's yours.  I'm yours."  John presses a soft kiss into Sherlock's hair before slowly removing himself from the embrace. He watches as Sherlock slides back across the bed, his movements graceful and sensuous even at the height of his arousal; the flushed cheeks, dishevelled curls and parted lips only adding to his beauty.  As he moves to the centre of the bed his eyes never leave John's and John can feel the tension between them. The tension that is always there; tension heightened during post-case adrenalin rushes and quiet moments spent too close to each other, but now amplified tenfold.  John can almost feel the air crackling between them as he watches Sherlock's fingers drift to his buttons, fixed on undoing them.
Sherlock studied John.  He could read the doubt that was written clearly in his body language - John thought he knew the answer to why Sherlock had stayed away, he thought Sherlock hadn't wanted to come home, to come back to John.  He couldn't have been further from the truth. Every day Sherlock had missed John, had longed to come home and every day it was harder to stay away, harder to give John the space he needed to have the chance at building a life with Mary - a life without him. Sherlock knew that an awkward conversation was on the horizon, a conversation that they needed to have, but years of keeping himself isolated had taken their toll and Sherlock could feel the coils of panic whipping and winding through his system.
******************************
“Daddy!  Sherwock!”  She squeals happily, waving so enthusiastically she almost hits Mrs. Hudson in the face.
Marry me
John's gaze followed him as Sherlock drifted over to his chair, gently placing his violin in its rest.  Sherlock's hands seemed to linger over the strings longer than usual, his long fingers caressing the smooth wooden body. A wistful smile graced John's features as he wondered, not for the first time, at the ridiculousness of being jealous of a violin. To be loved like that, to be held as if you were precious, to be caressed by those long fingers and their gentle strength, to be played so exquisitely that your voice soared to the heavens in response. Composing his face again he realised that maybe it wasn't such a ridiculous jealousy after all.
"Perfect. My clever John."  John suddenly found himself wrapped in two long arms, the tenderness displayed surprising  him. Slowly he led his lover to the bed, positioning him to lay flat before slowly moving his body above him. He held his weight off but allowed his skin to gently brush against Sherlock's, pure temptation. Looking deeply into his lover's eyes John could see the passion still burning deep in them, excitement sparking the blue into dominance before gradually being replaced by dilating  pupils. Slowly he kissed Sherlock's lower lip, savouring the sensation of the tender skin, occasionally nipping it with his teeth. Moving his attention to Sherlock's upper lip John traced the shape of it with his tongue, the shape was mind blowing in its perfection, kissable and enticing. Lightly licking again he savoured the taste, a heady mix of sweat and sex. Perfect, just perfect. Feeling Sherlock spread out beneath him, pliable against his lips, his own taste still evident in Sherlock's mouth, John's body began to respond again. John's gentle laugh brought a quizzical look onto Sherlock's face, a rarely seen expression. Motioning his gaze along his body John waited until Sherlock's eyes travelled down before pressing his burgeoning arousal against Sherlock.
John laughs nervously, the sound awkward and muffled against Sherlock's shoulder. "Aren't I supposed to be the one saying that to you? I'm supposed to be the worldly soldier with conquests worldwide - that's a lie, by the way - I'm the medical man, I'm supposed to know how this all works!" His voice rises towards the end of his speech and he presses his lips to Sherlock's neck, both in apology and to make himself stop, to give himself time to calm down slightly. "I'm sorry. It's just....." A deep breath, the space of a heart beat. "I've ...... Sod that .......
He fumbles around for a second, his task more difficult as he refuses to move his focus from John, before evidently finding what he was searching for and closing the drawer with a victorious smirk.
“Perhaps we can take a walk later?  Lunch first though.” Sherlock smiles down at John.  “Can’t have my ‘boyfriend’ being seen to be grumpy on our first weekend away.”
“Everyone lies, John.
It’s not easy and it’s not pleasant but it is something I
It only takes a short moment from John opening his eyes for him to be fully aware of his surroundings - another sure step in his recovery.
Sherlock emphasises.
"What do you know, Mycroft?" Sherlock could feel the way the words wrenched at his throat, coming out as a low growl, his sudden fear sounding like anger. Had something happened to John?
His cock is pressed hot and hard between his stomach and the bed and he fights against the almost overwhelming temptation to thrust, to seek out some relief for the ache he is feeling, but he fears that any friction at this point will tip him over the edge and into orgasm.
Thanks, as always, to my lovely Lockedinjohnlock. I got lots of purple when she beta'd this chapter, purple is for when she particularly loves something!
"Oh Sherlock, sweetheart, you are such an innocent in so many things. He NEEDS you. Need is so much more important than want. You might want a new riding crop but you need to breathe. He needs you, even more than he needs to breathe."
“This is Bill Wiggins.
Sherlock returns to John’s room just as the nurse is exiting, she acknowledges him with a smile and leaves him alone, once more, with John. This time Sherlock shows no hesitancy, knowing exactly what he wishes to say and he spends the next few hours talking to John about their adventures, admitting, somewhat sheepishly, that he likes seeing himself through John’s eyes.  Sherlock informs him that they still have a few James Bond films to watch, hinting that they should have another Bond marathon while they both recuperate.  He teases John about his love of cat videos on YouTube and his long baths; privately admitting that he likes this softer side of John as much as he likes the thrill-seeking side.  Sherlock lapses into silence, the abrupt realisation that John won’t be bumbling about their flat hitting him hard. Recognising that he is lapsing into a maudlin state Sherlock forces himself to recall, and laugh about, the ridiculous outfits they've worn over the course of their investigations; lamenting the lack of opportunity for either dressing as a pirate or having the opportunity to dance.  This time when he lapses into silence it’s with a more content heart, he may not have John with him but he has his memories.
“Originally the job was given to a man named James Moriarty.”  She notices the flinch that Sherlock tries too late to suppress. “Yes, I thought that name might garner a reaction.”  She smirks.  “Apparently he succeeded in his task but paid for it with his death. Although he was rather more successful in killing himself than you were.” She smiles at Sherlock, almost as if they were friends sharing a secret, Sherlock shudders.  Mary places a cool hand on his bare shoulder and Sherlock tries not to pull away as she leans in more closely. “Whispers eventually reached my employer that perhaps you weren't as dead as you wished the world to believe. I was hired to find out more about these rumours and seduce a certain army doctor.  That was no hardship at all.” She leers into Sherlock’s face.
Ah, she’s so wicked!”
"Nothing is written in stone Sherlock, the intel is only as good as the people gathering it."
"Yes. Of course yes!" A choked gasp came as John closed his lips against Sherlock's neck, teeth nipping lightly.
"I cannot thank you enough for recovering these artefacts, Mr Holmes." Herr Brün's English is faultless but strangely flat; the only sign of his high level of emotion is the way his hands delicately caress the gems. "Your brother and I worked hard, with your help, to keep their loss hidden from our governments. Mycroft and I had long suspected Lechner's involvement but we had been unable to prove it. Trusted members from my department in the UK had Lechner detained, unbeknownst to Mycroft - an action I deeply regret - but were unable to gain any information from him."
"Don't stop." Sherlock murmurs, curling more tightly against John. John smiles and softly runs his hand up and down Sherlock's arm a few more times before running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. It's in desperate need of a cut and his fingers leave a trail of fluffed out curls in their wake. Sherlock had been unable to indulge in his usual rigorous hair routine whilst in the hospital and John wonders whether Sherlock's hair will feel any different once the product is in it and the style back to its usual, organised chaos.
Carrying the steaming mugs back to the living room he was relieved to see Sherlock still dozing. Setting the mugs down carefully on the coffee table he lowered himself to the floor, deciding to give Sherlock another ten minutes' rest time whilst the coffee cooled. Tucking a cushion gently under Sherlock's head and grabbing a random book, he fully intended to pass the time reading but instead found himself studying the man before him, noting each eyelid flutter and breath.  John was only aware of how much time had lapsed when his leg started to ache.  Altering his position, he grabbed his coffee and took a sip. Cold. Just how long had he been sitting there lost in contemplation? Pulling himself upright and grabbing the other coffee John returned to the kitchen.  Glancing at the clock he saw that he had been sitting by Sherlock for well over an hour. No wonder his leg had protested! Deciding to be lazy he shoved the coffees into the microwave.  (Blessedly free of any evidence of experiments!) Whilst waiting for the coffee to heat through, his gaze once again fell on the sleeping Sherlock.  Shafts of sunlight now danced over his sleep tousled curls, a deep auburn warmth becoming evident in the dark hair. John couldn't help but think how much his hair was like Sherlock's true personality: dark and untouchable at first sight but upon deeper study, warm and utterly enticing. The sudden beeping of the microwave startled him from his thoughts and called his attention away from Sherlock.
that Sherlock takes John more fully in to his mouth.
“I don’t make the rules, Sherlock.”  John laughs, more relaxed than he has been in months.
a means to an end, nothing more.”
"You will, John." Sherlock gradually turns John to face him, a hand still resting on John's tense shoulder, the other tenderly tipping John's face up until they are eye to eye.  "I trust you."
The kiss starts out remarkably chaste, just lips against lips, John’s smile making it hard for it to become anything more.  Sherlock’s fingers tighten in John’s hair and the kiss finally deepens.  Sherlock’s lips part to allow John’s tongue entry and he groans at the sensation.  He leans further forward in his wheelchair, losing himself in the kiss.  His heart pounds and he begins to harden when John pulls back.
“I’m warning you, Mycroft, any closer and you will be the cause of your brother’s death.  It will be a shot straight to the brain this time and there’s no coming back from that.” Mary’s tone and stance has returned to her former level of confidence, she is certain that the outcome will be in her favour.
So here it is, the penultimate chapter!  The response to the story so far has just been amazing, the comments have been so wonderful; encouraging, complimentary and funny, it really is a joy to read them!
“Magnussen was telling his attacker that her husband was a good man.  Lestrade, I was so certain that the person holding the gun was my client, there wasn't a doubt in my mind.  They wore the same perfume, had the same build and stance.  I didn't see it, Greg.”  Greg’s eyes widen at the sound of his given name but he remains silent. “I didn't see it and I let John down. I never guessed that she was like that. I knew she was a liar, but then who isn’t? But I never knew she was like that, I swear.”
"He has a key? Why? And why didn't you ask for it back?"
“Kiss me.  We’re free men, Sherlock.  Kiss me and let's start living.”  He raises up on his knees, his face level with Sherlock’s.  “I love you, you annoying, wonderful man.”  He laughs before pressing his lips against Sherlock’s.
"But I can refuse to see her!" John's frustration seeps into his voice and he sits up in bed, hand rubbing over his face.
"And instead of welcoming you back with open arms, I greeted you with clenched fists.  Jesus, Sherlock, why didn't you say something? Put up a fight?  You must have still had open wounds, deep bruising and yet you let me attack you!" John could feel the bile rising into his mouth and had to fight hard not to be sick, guilt and anger washing over him in equal measure.
As the cubicle starts to fill with steam, John begins to unwind the sheet from Sherlock's finely muscled body. As each inch is revealed, John drinks his fill; it seems as if acres of soft, pale skin is being exposed. He knows he's already seen Sherlock naked, but getting to undress him adds a whole new level of eroticism, as does Sherlock's gentle quiver at each newly revealed area of skin.
John grins when Sherlock ducks his head into the curve of John’s shoulder, John can feel the harsh pants of Sherlock’s breath against his skin and knows that Sherlock is working hard on regaining control, that his simple, heart-felt, though somewhat less than clean words, had succeeded in nearly unmanning Sherlock. Slowly Sherlock’s breathing calms a little and he lifts his flushed face and meets John’s gaze, his eyes intent in their study. “One hundred percent sure?” He asks softly.
"I love you, too."  John huffs out, smiling over his shoulder at Sherlock. "And what is it with you and handjobs in bathrooms?" He teases, eyes sparkling.
John nudges against his side, briefly squeezing his hand tighter. "Not to me. So come on then, genius, enlighten me." The word 'genius' slips from his lips in much the same way as the words beloved, darling and love may slip from another's.
“Really?
"John?" Sherlock turns to look, his eyebrow raised. His voice is light but laced with concern.
“How, John?  Mrs Hudson is an amazing woman but I don't believe she's omnipresent, so how the hell did she know where to go?”  Sherlock queries.  He hates not knowing things, especially things pertaining to him.
John nods in acknowledgment before returning to Sherlock's side. The touch of Sherlock's hand on his thigh grounds him, calms him.
The kiss that follows leaves little doubt in John’s mind that Sherlock would also like to take this much further.
I gave weeks of my life to the discovery of giving and receiving sexual pleasure.”
“And why didn't you?”
"What are friends for?" Molly answers, she hesitates. "John?"
"Christ, you really are gorgeous." John whispers as he stretches up to steal a kiss from a shocked Sherlock.
Author's Note. 19/07/2015
"Good." His words barely more than a breathy whisper. "Very good John. I took the precaution of putting the song on the disc multiple times, that way we can just practice the moves without worrying about the music."
Sherlock flushes, bringing his knees up to partially conceal his wilting erection. "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, Sherlock. The meds are doing crazy things to your body. I'm impressed you were able to get it up at all." He winces and shifts on the bed, pulling at the front of his jeans. "Unfortunately I don't think mine is going anywhere soon."
“I’m sorry, Mr Holmes but this is for family only.”  For a moment Mary hesitates.
"Oh yes.  Caused by finally talking about things that should have been said years ago.  Random feelings and ideas will continue to pour out of the infected until all possible connotations of thoughts and emotions have been shared."  John's shoulders are shaking as he fights to hold his laughter back, tears threaten to spill down his cheeks.  Sherlock says nothing but knows that not all of those tears are ones of mirth.
"I'm fine, John." With his other hand, Sherlock smooths John's hair back, causing it to stick up in wet spikes.
to what I am referring." Some of Mycroft's customary abruptness is back, but a kindness remains apparent in his eyes as he looks at his brother.
"Emperor Waltz, also known as the Kaiser-Walzer. Composed by Johann Strauss II in 1889. It seemed an appropriate choice for you John as it has a slight military feel to it. Indeed, it starts with a quiet march before breaking into sweeping waltz. Now, take my hand."
They fall silent, each pondering their conversation; their gazes now observing the gentle sway of the flowers, their minds miles away. They remain seated, lost in their thoughts, until the buzzing of a large bee attracts Sherlock’s attention.  John is pulled from his thoughts by the sound of a delighted ‘Oh!’  from his companion.  He switches his attention between the zig-zagging, but determined, flight of the bee and Sherlock.  Sherlock who is now smiling, the rare crooked smile that makes his cheeks wrinkle and the merest hint of a double chin show.  The smile that shows true happiness, the smile that John secretly adores.
Sherlock takes a deep calming breath and looks away, knowing what needs to be said however much he may wish otherwise.
"Left forward, right diagonally, together, right back, left diagonally, together."
The early morning sun peeking through the curtains rouses John and Sherlock from their sleep; their waking is slow, each man taking a moment to register his position in relation to the other.  Sherlock, predictably, reacts first, gently removing himself from where he lies tangled with John, unsure whether this is something they do now.
The sound of a snort and the sight of Sherlock rolling his eyes is enough to pull John out of his musings. It's so very typically Sherlock that a flood of affection washes over John and he has to work hard to suppress an indulgent smile. A deep chuckle breaks through all of his efforts and soon he is laughing alongside Sherlock, the action washing away the last of the darkness that had threatened him. The laughter gradually dies off and a different sort of seriousness fills the room.
Nothing he can do or say now will alter the actions of their past and he wants,
“Why doesn't he just have us all dress up in period costume and be done with it!”
"I've asked Detective Inspector Lestrade to join us so we can have a united front against any threat that Ms Morstan and her associates may pose."
“Mary? Mary!” John finally manages to get enough force behind his words to stop Mary mid babble.
"I'll get another fire started and then we'll have a shower, get you all warmed up."The caretaker in John is at the forefront, but he'd be lying if he didn't admit that he had an ulterior motive in getting Sherlock into the shower. A flush heats his cheeks at the thought of a naked, wet Sherlock and he salivates at the thought of what he wants to do once he gets him there. In his experience, shower sex has been erotic in fantasy but chilly and awkward in reality, but John is more than willing to try with Sherlock. Gently, he eases Sherlock's hands out from under his t-shirt and pulls Sherlock's sheet over his shoulders. "Go get warm, Love." He nods over to the bed, indicating the duvet still rumpled there. Sherlock's eyes widen at the endearment and John's heart aches a little, even after all their experiences overnight, Sherlock still seems to find it a surprise that John thinks of him in this way.
"God, I'm getting all maudlin. Time for bed I think.  I don't think we've ever talked that much before .... But it was good, something we needed to do." John rose slowly from his chair, the fingers of his left hand moving restlessly.  "Night, Sherlock. You will still be here tomorrow won't you?"  Finally, John turned to look at Sherlock again, his face unsure.
John opens his mouth to say something but is cut off by Mrs Hudson.
Despite his outward calm, Sherlock is still trembling, his breath betraying his excitement and nervousness, easy enough for someone who knows him well to read.
Sherlock pushes John back against the wall and steals his words directly from his lips.
John can’t help but ask the obvious.
A haunting waltz comes from the CD player and she recognises it as the composition Sherlock has been working on.  It is beautiful and heart warming.  She puts her hands up to her face when Sherlock and John reach for each other, slowly beginning to dance.  Their movements are completely in time, their bodies perfectly in sync.  They glide around the floor as Mrs Hudson watches in awe; she had always known they were well matched, but it is only now that she realises quite how perfect they are for each other.
There's a moment of silence as both men savour the knowledge that they will finally be there for the other one, come what may. Sherlock reaches for John's hands again, unwilling to have even the smallest of distance between them.
