"Hmm," Iron Man hums low in his throat, before putting one of his hands on top of the one Steve has perched at his waist, and, his eyes fixed on Steve's, he slowly lowers Steve's hand.
"Why are you—?"
"I let Pepper choose the gifts for you both, too," Tony laughed. "Letting her choose was half the gift, really."
white teeth bright in the dim space, and it felt exactly like one of those moments on the battlefield, when they'd both done something in perfect unison and laughed together afterward in buoyant glee.
He couldn't believe what was happening here. What Steve had already implied. Steve wasn't going to come back. Steve was never going to be an Avenger again. Steve had chosen this small, unremarkable town to raise a child that wasn't really his,
uncool around Steve. Tony didn't blame him.
Steve nods awkwardly, then looks at Tony speculatively. "You know Iron Man really well," Steve says, "does
"I heard what you said to Robbie," Steve murmured, keeping his voice carefully low. "That was sweet."
be an alien corpse, hollowed out and stuck in the snow, arm outstretched like the Statue of Liberty gone wrong?
"It's just—I asked him to dinner the other day," Steve says.
think,” Tony said, slowly, in two-word bursts, “that you… changed the… subject.”
Tony's standing so close, his eyes shining in the moonlight, and Steve should just whip off his mask and just
He came back from
to know that, so Steve vows to pretend it didn't happen.
Tony had a headache. It felt like he'd constantly had a low-grade headache for the last couple of weeks. When Steve was kissing him, he could forget about it, but as soon as Steve wasn't there, it was back, pressing against his temples, making his skull feel tense.
hope isn't my Hero."
Tony tried to hang around anyway, but Steve just kept looking at him with sad eyes, and Sarah was crying, picking up on their tension, and Steve wouldn't budge.
“Kiss you. Right now.” Steve stared at Tony. There wasn’t much else to stare at, other than the blood or the gray walls or his own eyelids. “Can I? I should insist that we not. I should say we should wait, so we have something to live for.” Everything felt cold. Oh, how Steve hated that. “But I don’t want to wait. If it’s… not unwanted. If it’s—” Our last chance, Steve swallowed back, just in time, but Tony’s expression shifted like he’d heard those words anyway.
"Then what use is a name? It’s just a few meaningless syllables."
Maybe Steve was right to flirt with that danger kink a little.
That earned him an eye-roll. "Sure you are," Robbie muttered.
you have put it?" Tony demanded.
hated magic.
Steve looks away. Otherwise he'll stare at Iron Man's thighs and honestly, there might be drool. Steve can still feel how firm Tony's ass was, underneath his fingers, and he can feel his face heat. Shit. Thank goodness everyone's staring openly at Iron Man so Steve has time to shut that train of thought away.
Steve took the cookie, but placed it gingerly on the table surface, suddenly quiet.
be a hero. And didn't Tony know how much the system fucked children up?
T'Challa grimaced at the platform, like it might contain secrets, before he squared his shoulders and headed for the Spine Lift. Tony was tempted to follow T'Challa, because Tony was
"This is insane," Steve gasped as the kiss temporarily broke, just for both of them to regain their breath. Tony tried to agree, but Steve just took it as in invitation, sliding their mouths together slickly, like he'd been thinking about it, like he'd been wanting to do it all day. Tony empathized, thoroughly.
"Do we have to talk about this now?" Tony shoots Steve an appalled look; Avalanche is shooting wave after wave of energy at them, loosing so much debris on them that Tony's having a hard time blasting it away before it hits them.
The solution, when it came, was nothing short of brilliant.
"I want to tell you," Tony said. "Who I am. You deserve to know."
Tony barked another of those rib-shocking laughs. ″You're a hazard, Rogers,″ Tony muttered, but with an undeniable fondness that just made Steve want to kiss him again. ″And you're wrong. The building wasn't ugly.″
Steve realizes, and feels dizzy all over again, even though the cool air and distance has a distinctly sobering quality to it.
He wishes later that he'd known, because it's bound to have been fascinating. He's too busy showing Hank McCoy how to break a hold, except suddenly McCoy goes down to the mat in a heap of blue fur way too easily.
I survived it?"
Steve couldn't know who he was. No extreme emotions. Tony just had to keep his face straight and his voice as calm as possible and everything would be
Steve grits his teeth. "I'm a gentleman, Wasp," Steve says, punching the bag again, trying to stick to the same rhythm in an attempt to stay in control of his emotions. "I don't kiss and tell."
"You're beautiful," Steve says, the words shocked out of him, because he didn't know, Iron Man was always hidden away, how could he know? He flushes immediately, the heat a sharp contrast to the bite of cold air, and he panics that he's said the wrong thing, that beautiful isn't what you call someone in a moment like this one, but Iron Man's smile widens on hearing it, so maybe it's okay.
Professor Hill made all the Gryffindors stay behind after dinner so she could yell at them for their behavior, her pretty face turning bright crimson as she paced furiously, pointing her finger accusingly at each one of them. "I've
"Only you think this is morning," Tony assured him and then he nodded at the tree. "Thought I'd get this set-up while my diary wasn't trying to eat me alive."
Steve pressed his mouth into a line. Moving was dangerous, but not moving could be worse. If he tensed his muscles carefully, he could slide his own body up the pole far enough to reach into Tony’s helmet. Tony didn’t even look scared as Steve lifted his glove slowly. Steve kept his eyes trained on the metal length that skewered them both together as he moved, trying to keep it as still as possible; he ended up moving his hand to his mouth first, biting the material of his glove so he could remove it. He needed as much flexibility with his hand as possible.
"Well, that's true."
"I'll take it under advertisement," Tony says, settling into his part of the routine easily enough. He grins at Steve, because they both know it'll never happen. "Ugh, I'm just—honestly, I'm just too distracted for paperwork. Maybe I
″Hard ‘agree to disagree’ on
to. But Tony couldn't make himself leave. He didn't even remember how to make his invisible body stand up anymore.
"I do apologize," Jarvis continues, "but I'm afraid it couldn't wait. I need Mr. Stark most imminently, I'm afraid. It's the McCallister delegation, sir. They're up in the penthouse suite and waiting for your signature."
Tony says slowly about how they could do
Iron Man's smirk does something to Steve that leaves him a little dizzy. "You don't have to leave your hand there, y'know."
to be closing in on them now. Steve felt a brief rush of anticipation as they headed on to the next floor. This might be a horrendous piece of architecture with no redeemable visual design attributes to its credit, but it did make for a perfect bottleneck.
It didn't feel like the worst thing that had happened to him in the last hour, but Tony wasn't a big fan, either.
as in
Steve takes both of Tony's hands in his own, even though Tony's reaching up for the next dial in sequence. "I've survived that sort of thing once before, you know." Tony's eyes meet Steve's and he winces, realizing that yes, Steve knows what it's like, to emerge decades later having not aged a day. "Do you know
He meant it at the time.
Steve takes a deep breath and forces his expression to stay level, because it's been over a week now since the masquerade ball, so it must have been some other lucky guy grabbing Tony's attention.
nemesis?"
He's busy wondering who he'll find next when he sees Iron Man.
″Can you
Tony wasn't sure how running up and down stairs for a drink counted as pleasure, but he wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth, or a mug of hot, free coffee in its glorious glossy black surface.
Santa drink so much milk when he has
No one seemed willing to support Tony either, so he did the next obvious step: registered himself as inactive too, so he had extra time to track Steve down. Okay, he felt a little guilty removing Iron Man from the active roster, because it would leave the team two short instead of just one, but getting Steve back was
had been a) her fault and b) probably more fatal than he wanted to think about, those weren't words he was comfortable hearing from Carol's lips any time soon.
Tony likes him as he is. Tony's lied enough about his
“Hey, Shell-Head.”
“You are known for your abiding loyalty to your employees.”
"Of course," Tony said. "Bring them in." He grimaced apologetically at Steve. "This will only take a minute. Then I'll get Iron Man for you."
Tony nodded, already starting to feel smaller somehow, like he was shrinking.
"That's why you're wasting time spoiling me?" Steve arches an eyebrow.
Steve forges on. This might be a better idea than he thought. "Well, it's not as invasive as trying to track someone down by their costume," he says, slowly. "If your mystery man approaches you, you'll know he's interested. And if he doesn't—" Steve shrugs. "Well, he's obviously not worth it."
"Why don't you just
"Maybe."
much already has made you a supervillain, so
He takes a lot of them home afterward, if the gossip columns are correct, and shows them a swell time. Steve feels odd thinking about that, what it must be like; Tony's pretty blue eyes, picking you out from a crowd, and then one of his large hands on your waist, that suave accent inviting you to his bed. Steve shudders and pushes the fantasy aside. Tony's been a great friend to Steve over the last couple of years, helping him adjust to modern times. He's been nothing but a gentleman and there's been no sign that Tony might be interested in Steve particularly.
when conversation edged too close to pain. "And I'm sorry she's not here right now, because she could fly this right up to the rafters for us."
He was so brave, day after day, so courageous, so inspirationally innovative and
how quickly he would. Iron Man deserved it all.
the genius I know and love."
“I don’t have any glue,” Steve said, helplessly.
"Iron Man's not responding either," Hank said.
In fact, he sounded kind of pleased.
"That's sad that you had to leave," Carol says. "It was a blast."
"Doesn't look like he finished what he was doing," Jen said. "Ooh, that means we can help, right? Team bonding?"
Steve would laugh, if it didn’t hurt. As it was, his body made a kind of involuntary spasm, which made his mouth flood with an unpleasant metallic taste.
Well, everyone but Robbie. Robbie seemed distracted, taking his time to loop in new ribbons to some of the decorations, occasionally staring off into the distance and sighing. Tony waited until he could naturally sidle in closer and kept his voice low, leaning in and pulling out a length of ribbon with exaggerated casualness.
"Of a sort." Iron Man made a noise that Steve thought was a regretful smile.
braced himself to see what Steve was carrying carefully in his arms: a small baby, wrapped in a white blanket, fast asleep.
"Oh, don't worry about it," Iron Man says, when Steve starts to apologize for not having one for him. "I've already had my invitation."
Steve winked at Tony, smiled, and turned to head to the door. Hank followed him. Tony stayed seated a while, then rose to his feet, grabbed his briefcase from the counter Happy had put it on, and headed off to get changed. No rest for the wicked, Tony supposed.
"I'm taking the day off today, I think," Tony says, after he finishes drawing something on Steve's back with his fingers. It's an almost unconscious habit; Steve thinks he's planning out schematics for inventions he may never get to make. Steve's stomach hurts when he thinks of it like that.
lately, it's been
"You didn't know it was me? At all?" Tony squinted. "I mean, I was almost sure in the kitchen for a moment that you'd figured it out." He gestured at himself. "Same height, same eyes, same build."
"And cause a diplomatic incident? That's a brave idea. Fetch the extinguisher, I can summon the suit, a handy repulsor blast should cause a good enough conflagration—" Tony looked at Steve then, taking pity on him again; Steve did look a little stunned. "I believe Doom thinks it would be
I was completely crazy for you?" Steve shuffled guilty on the spot. Tony's eyes widened. He knew Steve well enough to know what that meant. "You
"Wasn't Cap on his way?" Carol asked, from inside the room, her voice clear.
"Steve," Steve said, holding out his non-wand hand. "Steve Rogers." His gaze dropped to the buildings. "And I think… I think I'm a
"We don't have to," Tony says. "We live in a
want to acknowledge Tony in public.
for years, now.″
"That's fine," Tony said, "leave me standing here. Invisible. Maybe disappearing. I could totally be disappearing. How would I know? I've never been really invisible before."
Tony smiles into their good morning kiss. Steve drifts into the bathroom still thinking about that kiss. When Steve emerges, bladder blessedly empty, he wraps his arms around Tony's waist as he mixes the batter, kissing his cheek.
″Yeah?″ Tony raised an eyebrow, gracefully, in a way Steve tried to pretend he wasn't supremely envious about. Sarcastic eyebrows would have served him well in many situations. ″And what are you proposing?″
human inside the suit was pretty damn exceptional. But by then, I was just honored to fight by his side."
Tony swallowed. "Did—Did Steve say anything to you about leaving?" His voice cracked a little on the last word.
Tony almost had to do a double-take, hearing Steve say the words out loud.
Tony's brows furrowed. ″No.″
of gray—Steve immediately regretted thinking the word tomb because it felt defeatist, but was it wrong? There was gray debris, collapsed walls of concrete around them as far as the eye could see. He
Tony might not know why, but he knew Steve
like Italian food?"
"Your muscles," Carol clarifies, staring openly at Iron Man's arms and legs. "We always assumed Stark just formed the metal that way to look intimidating. But you're really that strong?"
“Can I?”
Sam squints. "Like a collapsible bike?"
"You're a menace," Steve whispered, stole another brush of a kiss, and then disappeared into the training room so rapidly Tony almost laughed out loud in shock. He pressed his hand to his mouth to stifle the sound. He still couldn't believe how good it felt.
"I… suppose that sounds okay?" Robbie wrinkled his nose, still looking dubious.
The aim was to survive as long as possible; to survive until help could come. The chase had been on the news. The Fantastic Four sometimes came as backup, even when they weren’t specifically asked, but especially if something had gone terribly wrong.
"I would never step on someone's toes during a dance," Iron Man sniffs loudly, like he's offended. "But yeah, yeah—I guess I could do that."
to return to his daily normal life, fighting villains with the Avengers, fighting villains who infiltrated his factories, fighting villains in the street on his own, but he carried Steve and Sarah around with him as a constant ache.
Steve couldn't bring himself to even briefly smirk at Tony's attempt to lighten the atmosphere. ″You should brace yourself. This is gonna hurt.″
"Mine's in my sleigh," Tony said, trying not to make eye contact with Hank.
Tony had no idea what to say to that.
″That's what an insane person would say.″
Tony gaped. Steve was tired, that's all this was.
Steve looked exhausted; Tony couldn't stay that close, quickly sitting up and moving back to the wall. He felt safer there, slightly at a distance.
Steve had thought about it so many times. He wanted to kiss him both in victory and in quiet pride of everything Iron Man stood for. He'd never said anything about it to Iron Man, but Steve knew it must have been written across his face more than once.
"Don't you
There was no freaking way he was running away now.
It felt like someone was throwing stones at the inside of his school. His body was aching all over. Pain. Huh. Hunger, too, Tony thought. Damn. Why had he wanted to be awake and back in his own body, again?"
" Jan whispers in the quinjet, her pretty eyes wide in confusion, like she can't even slightly comprehend it.
"Kissing," Steve said, because he was an irritating little shit sometimes; Tony didn't know why he liked him so much, but he
"Jan," Steve says, and when she doesn't respond, he sighs, "do I have to send you on a harassment seminar?"
grin, macabre and humorless.
that lie. I was supposed to be invincible. I told myself that you all finding out I was a flesh-and-bone human might destroy that mythos. That it might shatter your faith in me on the battlefield. Especially when you found out how scared I am, all the time.″ This time Tony
Steve's shoulders squared as he seemed to be very interested in checking a bauble for blemishes. "Aren't you and Jan—?"
you so damn long?" Tony demanded.
"Well, we already know I look good in red," Tony winked at him.
supervillain, maybe. Sure. But crime worldwide is down by 20% already."
keeping her. He knew what he had to do.
“Then, if I can’t have your name, let me at least see your face."
"Yeah," Tony admitted, gruffly. "It’s me." Tony’s face was sweaty, pale and drawn. Steve’s pain pulsed, expanded, and rippled through his body until it felt seven times its size; it made him feel so very heavy. There was blood dripping from Tony’s mouth. The helmet was damaged too. Steve hadn’t noticed that until now. And, if the helmet was damaged, maybe Tony’s unique and precious brain could have been injured, too. And that was—that was terrible
"Ha, ha," Tony said, slowly. The cookies left in the tin were all fancily frosted. As difficult as it was to stop milk from soaking the beard, Tony didn't want to have to explain white goo to the dry cleaners, so he peeled off his gloves and placed them neatly on the table before reaching into the tin and passing one to Steve.
in Steve's presence. His body was attuned to that particular radio station and always would be.
knew our feelings for each other were mutual, that more than likely you'd offer to run away to Maine
Steve inhaled and exhaled noisily like he had a headache. He probably did. Raising a child was hard work. "I suppose leaving you alone
And then Iron Man’s faceplate opened and Steve
Staircases were strong in places like this one. Steve had seen buildings like this half-devastated by earthquakes and explosions, and the staircases were often the part that best survived best, so Clint and Simon were probably okay. Clint was only human, but Simon was strong enough to help dig he and Tony out of the rubble. Wanda and Vision would also have no trouble getting them out, with Vision’s ability to travel through walls and Wanda’s magic, but they were several floors above when the explosion happened. They could be caught up in this.
"Does your boss have any food allergies?" Steve asks.
seen such underhanded behavior from
Steve blamed that sensation for the way he was able to say, without stuttering, ″Buy me dinner.″
, he was still unerringly, continuously polite. He always said
Tony stopped walking in favor of staring at him in wild disbelief. "You're pissed off because the reporter hit on me? Steve, that's—"
proofed it already, it couldn't be much harder than that.
"What are we doing?" Tony asked, after kissing his way along Steve's perfect jawline, and then hungrily claiming Steve's lips again with his own.
Robbie's eyes widened. "Uh—I can't—you know I can't accept something like that—"
Steve’s eyes widened. He’d mocked the word in the past— it was too close to the word
"Oh, you know me," Steve huffed a half-bitter laugh. "It's probably for the best." Single, then, Tony surmised. Steve cleared his throat. "I'm sorry about you and Jan," Steve added, because he was never not going to change the subject when conversation skirted close to his vulnerabilities.
"And Rogers?"
the one who said you wanted to kiss me.″ Tony arched an eyebrow, still somehow able to sass Steve from the jaws of death. ″Who's the insane one here?″
was yanking on his strings somewhere, but he hadn't managed to figure out yet who was trying to fuck up his life this time. There was always someone.
“Was that good for you?” Tony waggled his eyebrows, and Steve felt it more than saw it.
On the Avengers front, they've all still been stuck with clean-up after clean-up, courtesy of the supposedly-over War of the Realms. Tony doesn't mind it, not too much, now the odds are in their favor and they're just hunting down pockets of leftover creatures and monsters that haven't gotten the memo yet that they'd lost.
One day, Tony doesn't cook dinner, but takes the jar of strawberry jelly to the bed. While Steve has an
"Thanks." Tony shared a brief smile with Happy. "It's—there's a $50 limit."
Tony shakes his head. "I'm trying something new."
If you couldn’t be emotional in a moment like this one, then when could you?
over and over, her face pinched and panicked.
Steve just shook his head in amusement.
There was a lightness in Tony's voice that made it evident to Steve that Tony was expecting something lighthearted in response. A charity fundraiser. Some sort of embarrassing or exhausting Avengers business; of the kind that Steve didn't like to do alone. Like fill in reams of paperwork for the city.
. Steve had done that?
It must be hyperbole. Steve's mouth is dry when he thinks about it. There's no way Tony's
"It was real sweet of you to do that, boss," Happy said.
"Of course you wouldn't," Tony says placidly, pressing a kiss to Steve's cheek and ambling off to the kitchen. Steve watches him go, smiling. They are living a life, even if it's completely bizarre. It's almost a happy life, that's the strangest part of this. Anyone else would have gone insane by now, Steve thinks.
"I'm just—gonna take this and go," Happy mumbled, picking up another cookie and getting to his feet, a smile fixing to his face as he backed up toward the door.
It really is. It's hard to remember sometimes that there's a person under that unstoppable metal, but now with the Iron Man armor soft and clinging to the body below, the shape of Iron Man's pilot is even more visible. The fabric of it rises and falls with Iron Man's breaths.
bullet."
As soon as the Mountain's medical staff cleared him, Tony immediately checked the Mountain's scanners to find Steve's location. He wasn't surprised to see Steve's blinking blue dot in the training room. When he straightened, intending to head straight there, Carol was standing in the med lab doorway, looking slightly awkward.
" Steve finished, feebly.
"Are you okay?" Tony asked, because somehow that seemed the most important thing to know. Tony would take whatever followed, as long as Steve was okay.
"Thanks, doc," Carol nodded at Strange.
Jan lets go of Iron Man's upper arm with a scowl. "Spoilsport," she mutters.
" Steve breathed, and looked relieved for a brief moment before his expression swiftly changed to an angry one. He did put the hockey stick down, so that was something, at least. "What the
Steve's automatic Iron-Man-related smile fades as he realizes that everyone has stopped training in favor of staring at Iron Man. What's going on? Why aren't the others continuing with their exercises? Steve's stomach tightens. Is something
The music, noise, and heat hit him like a wall. Steve blinks against the brightness of it and then sets about finding Jan. She's almost as easy to find as Beast had been. She's standing by the bar and she looks incredible, of course; her dress is based on the Queen of Hearts and it's intricately sewn. Her mask is a riot of red and black feathers and her mouth is turned up at the edges in the way she smiles when she's having fun.
Tony took pleasure in the fact that Steve sounded a little wounded at the idea that Tony would talk to Carol first, and not Steve. "We exchanged a couple of words," Tony said. Steve's face fell a little more. "About twenty-six."
it meant, that he could so rarely take his eyes from Tony whenever he was in any room.
Steve would much rather live, and Tony survive, and have them both heal so that they could have more of these kisses somewhere soft, and clean, and without pain. But if this was how it ended, in this artificial gray cocoon, then maybe Steve could die without many regrets left at all.
"He got that far connecting
weird, Tony was never going to get used to that sensation.
good, but Tony was starting to suspect Steve was as much the root to his stress as the salve for it, and it was making him cranky.
"Oh, they're the best," Jan says, immediately looping her arm around his and leading him out of the room. "There's dancing, and Mr. Stark hosts a blind auction to raise money for his charitable foundations, and the
infecting his armor. He should really look into seeing if Shevaun Haldane would be interested in working for him again.
Tony was losing time. It was hard to figure out how, at first, but then he figured out how to notice it – he would blink, and the readings on the scanning panels would abruptly shift, or Steve would blur a little, even if he barely moved.
Van Dyne had put out the flames; Tony sank against the wall, breathing hard, obviously injured.
Tony was gasping in pain. Steve stared in horror. He was a monster. A
Iron Man glances at the doors and then back at Steve. His pretty mouth is pushed into a line. "I'm sorry to cut this moment short. And I was having such fun."
"You, get out," Van Dyne spat at Steve. "Go stand outside. I'll deal with you when I'm sure Tony's okay."
They would have been right, to keep Steve and Tony apart, and that just made the ache in Tony's chest worse. His heart was new, but it hurt like it still had shrapnel headed directly for it. Phantom Heart Syndrome, perhaps.
"I know this is scary," Tony muttered under his breath. "But I'm your friend and we're going to get through this together."
Van Dyne was smiling at Tony, clapping her hands delightedly when Tony's
it. Until he heard the voice he expected from the impossibly brave man directly above him who was impaled twice and bleeding profusely.
Steve's mouth found Tony's neck and latched on; his large hands circled Tony's waist, fingers splaying, holding him in place. "Thought about this," Steve murmured, and oh, if those words didn't go right to Tony's dick, "for
"Has anyone ever told you how bossy you are?" Tony huffs, but he does turn and reluctantly shuffle into Steve's arms. For a moment, Tony's stiff, awkward with it, and then after a moment he relaxes into it, settling in close against Steve's broad chest, covered as it is with the familiar star and stripes.
"She does enjoy wielding someone else's credit card," Happy nodded. "Thank you in advance."
to consider it. He deserved so much more than to be someone's dirty little secret. Even if that person was someone who felt as necessary to Tony as oxygen. God, Tony had been such a fool to believe he deserved any of it. Kissing Steve had felt like finally coming
to end it. Hadn't he?
Steve's honestly speechless and he's not the only one.
"As I suspected," Strange said, suddenly appearing standing next to Tony's elbow. Tony looked from the slightly-translucent Strange next to him, to the one hovering mid-air and chanting under his breath, and back to the astral form of Strange.
without...being distracted?"
Steve smiles, pleased. Tony Stark has to attend an awful lot of these events, so it stands to reason that as his bodyguard, Iron Man would have to as well. Now they know the armor folds down so small it makes more sense; in an emergency Iron Man can find a quiet corner and rapidly emerge as an invincible hero.
"Wow, I thought I lost all sense of graceful co-ordination at this time of night," Tony says, a laugh in his voice as he puts a mug under the coffee machine and deftly dispenses some.
Steve's frown deepened. "
" Except he hesitated then, because Steve hadn't said that. He'd just stuttered over "
I immediately assumed the worst," Tony said. "I thought
"It's not like I could stay in New York," Steve defended. "What would my odds be, to keep her safe, the moment supervillains realized I had a child? She would instantly become a target." He shook his head. "I know you'd have done your best to keep her safe, but you can't protect her from
"You surprised me," Steve said, like that clarified anything.
of that chair if he'd sat there any longer."
"That's it."
"Latverian slang for cool," Tony resumed his sweep of the tree, pushing the device back into the thick branches. "If you believe that sort of propaganda." Tony did not, although a few years ago he might have, but that was before the Latverian media machine tried its best last year to insist
As a potential… partner.
"Tony," Steve said, looking mortified. "That's really bleak."
Tony would give up being Iron Man in a heartbeat if it was the only way to keep Steve safe.
" he says, but he doesn't haul back to try and punch Steve, which is probably a good thing, seeing as Tony would probably break his fist on Steve's face if he tried.
Tony washes the dishes next, scraping off some of their block of hand soap to do it. There's no reason to wash the plates—there are enough plates to last several meals—but Steve knows Tony likes working with his hands. And Steve likes seeing Tony work with his hands, that's a lesson Steve didn't need to be here to learn. He just didn't know until they were here
It took just three more fights – two with
Iron Man was quiet.
"What if—we never get out—or they never looked for us—or what if they're trapped too—or this is all in our heads—"
Steve started to shake his head, but there was a guilty look on his face, one Tony didn't need Steve to verbalize to understand. "Tony—"
Tony nodded. "I was."
Apparently they just
"It's annoying," Iron Man says, "but if it gets training back on track, I can take one for the team." He lifts up a hand and then pauses. "I won't talk while it's off. Depolarizing turns off my tech at the same time."
?" He felt suddenly, terribly, cold. Embarrassed. How long had Steve known?
"I've got some bumpers to put on the sharper furniture in here too. Once I've installed them, I'll go." Tony fidgeted with his screwdriver as he installed the next latch. "I know I'm overstepping, just like you were scared of, but, well, you hadn't done them yet, and I wouldn't be able to sleep knowing your house wasn't safe."
Steve made sure the scoffing noise that he choked out matched the level of disgust he felt. ″Your
This whole place resets to perfect parameters. All the dials on the door reset to zero. All the food in the cupboards and the fridge and freezer reappear perfectly restocked. The trash can is empty. Any sign they try and leave on the room gets erased come 7am. They've tried to stay awake, but they pass out at 6:59am, however hard they try.
" He pulled a face. "Happy, what can you even
"Ha," Tony breathed, grateful to be able to latch onto a conversation topic. He felt strung apart at the edges, desperate for something to hold onto. "Well, I am Santa," he said. "Normally people just sit on my lap and
"I'll thank you if your mumbo-jumbo works," Tony snarked.
Steve squints at Tony, almost wanting to tell him that his Iron Man was showing. He should. This is probably the right time to tell him. If Tony's this messed up by a couple of kisses, maybe he'd be okay with the fact it was Steve all along? Steve can shuffle closer, tell Tony he knows the identity of the mystery guy, it'll be fine.
Iron Man was silent again, for so long that Steve was about to open his mouth, to ask again, uselessly, if Iron Man was okay, and then—and then—
Steve would never forget Tony's expression as he stared at Steve, in shock and dismay and open pain.
Happy obliged, regaling Tony with a full list of the adventures of trying to find a way to find the perfect gifts for Pepper, and how difficult it was to hide things from her. Tony offered to hide them in his secret lab, but Happy shook his head—half the fun of buying gifts for Pepper was the fun of concealing them from his wife. Tony could see where the appeal lay; Pepper had an extraordinary nose for digging out secrets. It was still somewhat of a surprise she hadn't figured out Iron Man's identity yet for herself. Tony would feel guilty about keeping it a secret from her if it wasn't safer for her not to know.
That question would be the last thing Steve would hear from Tony for a very long time, but Steve didn't know that as he stumbled out of the classroom and away from his appalled classmates. They were right to look at him like that. How could he lose control of his magic like that?
But then Steve's eyebrows knitted together, and he pushed his mouth into a line, puffed out his cheeks, and said, "I was trying to tell him that I was worried about dating him in public because of how my current public perception would damage his reputation."
"The others are just around the corner," Steve hissed.
Tony was fine walking to the door to leave. He was
If it is a puzzle, neither Steve nor Tony has been able to solve it: 125 days and counting.
"I thought to myself, if someone—just a regular human someone, no super serum, no Vita-Rays—could hurl themselves at certain doom so often, then I had no excuse not to be as brave," Steve says. "It took me a while to learn the
Carol looked startled. "What for?"
presence, Steve can feel something thrumming underneath his skin, brimming with potential and promise.
smiles charmingly at Steve.
A little unconsciousness spell is nothing."
"And when you say the armor's soft before this…polarization," Jan says, "do you mean… like fabric?"
Tony lowered his arms and turned his head to squint at Steve in the dim light of the storage closet. Steve was smirking. Tony probably couldn't blame him. "I got it up there to start with."
" Hill said, appalled.
"We're here for the foreseeable repeating future," Tony shrugs. "I'm here with
As Steve entered the mansion kitchen, his thoughts changed from coffee to an entirely different tune. Mostly that there was something nice about the way Tony’s eyes flitted briefly to Steve’s without a hint of hesitation, and there was something comforting about the way Tony’s mouth quirked at one side when Tony saw who’d joined him in the room. It was exactly the way Steve had always imagined Iron Man responding to his presence, if he ever did get to see who was behind the mask.
you were scared about how
"Careful," Strange was keeping his voice low, but Tony's head was pounding anyway, "
"I was still so sure it was
Illegal Growth Hex, making Tony's head grow to three times its size. Sam was the one who got them all caught – he tried to hit Tony with a nicely timed
But Iron Man… It was worse for him. He had that marvelous armor, of course, but the pipes had clearly crushed right through the metal and there was blood everywhere. It was bad. It was
No one was looking in his direction when he emerged from the closet and Tony was glad of it. Stepping out into the main room felt like seeing the sun for the first time, too bright and overwhelming. He blinked a few times and took a deep breath before sidling up to the other Avengers.
Steve knew there wasn’t a moment on this planet where he’d ever be able to ignore Tony Stark saying please. He knew it would hurt to lift himself up again, and on some level he registered that, and had to fight hard to ignore the squelching noise again as he did so.
the distance covered for free."
he had Tony. Like
Steve straightens. "Tony Stark,
Okay?
To be fair, in their line of work, it often was.
of kissing someone else with his absurdly addictive kisses.
Sometimes Steve would get a madness upon him, a stubborn idea that stuck in his head; a maniacal intensity that couldn't be shaken or beaten loose. Tony couldn't relate. Ha.
Practical things. Not hypothesizing or catastrophizing.
like this, but Iron Man's making him lose control of his senses. Iron Man's making him
"If you assume I don't want to be seen arguing with you in public and your first impulse is to
he rarely faltered for long. He straightened his shoulders and looked away, starting to unwrap his gloves, looking at them like he wasn't freaking out.
"And there's absolutely nothing you want for Christmas?" Tony blurted out, desperate to say something normal. He was definitely sweating. Maybe he should get the Santa suit dry-cleaned
"One would think so," Tony says, only just about managing not to smirk so widely that it's audible in his tone.
"My pleasure," Steve said.
Tony stared.
Tony meant to drive off in a huff, but he got as far as the end of Steve's street before he braked sharply, folded his hands on his steering wheel, and whacked his forehead into them with a soft moan.
For another date, Tony creates a picnic lunch: he rearranges the room to make space on the floor, pushing the table, two dining chairs and dusky-rose sofa to the outside of the room, and he places the pink coverlet from the bed on the floor like it's a blanket. Tony makes pretty much
Iron Man was covering him. Like he'd pushed Steve out of the way. Steve had been skewered like this once before, but as long as they were found quickly, all Steve could expect to suffer was a world of pain and a longer recovery time than he’d prefer. Thanks to the serum’s enhanced healing factor, being impaled by a metal pole wasn’t the likely death sentence it could be. Steve’s eyes stung. Not as a consequence of his own injury, but because Iron Man hadn’t been so lucky.
Tony was a crushing instant combination of relief that he could maybe breathe again, and regret that Steve had taken that amazing feeling away. He swallowed, awkwardly enough that his fake beard shook with it, and opened his mouth to say something. And failed. He looked up at Steve helplessly.
“Really clearing things up there, Cap.”
Or above him, as it were.
There was a loud buzz on the intercom. "Sorry to interrupt again," Pepper said. "But you said I had to get the papers to you to sign for the new supply chain the moment they came in."
This kiss, as Steve carefully pressed their mouths together, was not a kiss of celebration.
Tony's fumbling at his own costume's pocket for what presumably is Iron Man's identicard; Steve would be more amused if he wasn't also fumbling quickly for his to slide it onto mute. Steve sighs quietly when he manages it, and tries not to wince guiltily. The Avengers will just have to wait a minute or two for him, that's all.
Steve laughs. It's rather something to be able to hear one of Iron Man's rare indignant moments without the modulator rendering it monotone and flat. "Getting arrested might put a damper in tonight's celebratory tone."
for weeks now, even though they've only been out there together on it twice—but oh, what two visits they were! No, that's not important either. Tony's important, because Tony looks so sad and Steve can't bear it. Especially if he's the cause.
Steve rubbed his head, coughing painfully; when he opened his eyes, it was bright. Too bright. He opened his mouth to gasp and had to cough some more when sand got in his mouth.
Tony pushed the urge down, even though it was an ache in his damaged chest that never left him alone. He wondered how bad that pain was going to get, away from Steve. He wondered if distance and time would kill it, or if it would just grow and grow and grow, unresolved and unfulfilled.
"You already know who I am," Iron Man said, sounding baffled. "You don’t need a name to know the most important part. Out of everyone in the whole world, you already
"I'm surprised you're not mad at me."
thinks you're that dude."
Tony never uses the bathroom before Steve again. They don't talk about it. They both carefully pretend nothing is wrong. Denial is the only coping mechanism they have, sometimes.
Who was Iron Man. Steve hoped he got the chance for both of them to live long enough for him to get used to that fact. He was finding it hard to reconcile, for all that it also felt so logical. But now that Steve thought about it, there was no one else it could possibly
"I can take it back," Tony offered, suddenly stricken with sadness. Steve had deserved something more thoughtful, something that fit him better. Steve deserved the world and Tony had given him cheese? "I can return it, get you something else."
The house that Tony was 99.5% sure was Steve (Tony liked to include room for error in all of his beliefs) wasn't remarkable; white wooden fascias that matched the houses to both sides of it. A well-manicured, small lawn. A single-car garage to one side.
him with his body and that incredible armor. He was stuck, unmoving. Oh, god, Iron Man wasn't
and Tony Stark was so impressive. Steve was probably lying unconscious under a pile of rubble. If Steve could have picked anyone in the world for Iron Man to be, maybe he would have picked Tony Stark.
Tony felt himself fill with a sudden burst of giddy hope.
"It can’t be that much of a surprise how much I like you," Steve added, when Iron Man had been quiet too long for Steve’s calm.
now. Or he
"A bug you trapped in that box."
Hank made a noise in the back of his throat. "Let's just—we'll assemble on the roof, ten minutes. Okay?" He shot Steve an accusing look. "Aren't you a little too old to be sitting on Santa's lap, Cap?"
"I should have spent more time with you when I could," Steve said. His eyes scraped over Tony's face, like he was trying to memorize every detail of it to commit it to paper later. "I wanted to. I really wanted to. But I couldn't. I wasn't fair to you, I know that. I'm never fair to anyone."
Steve's eyes were wet, but he wasn't crying; he was just shaking his head over and over like he couldn't believe any of this. "What the hell does it say about me, that I'd rather throw myself in front of a thirty-foot troll with just a shield to protect me, than talk about my own feelings?"
Steve slides his hand into Tony's curls and that's almost a religious experience in itself, somehow. Steve's head tilts back because he can't help it and the back of his skull connects painfully with the outside wall. He's seeing stars, metaphorical and physical, and something in his ears starts whining, high-pitched and consuming as Tony's hands slip down Steve's sides. Tony looks ridiculously proud of himself for a moment, but then the pleased smirk slides away.
Tony shrugged. "Why not?"
Steve stared at Tony. In the dim light of Steve's bland Maine sitting room, it did feel all feel a little unreal. But Steve had concerns, and Tony had erased most of them in one fell evil swoop.
"Tony," Steve said.
Steve used to count to himself as a kid when he couldn't sleep. Now counting before bed just gives him nightmares. He does his counting in the morning now.
"Invitation?" Steve echoes, because he just took the larger envelope from Tony after breakfast without even asking about the contents, merely just with a promise to disperse them to the other Avengers after training was complete. Tony had smiled at him at that. He had a really nice smile.
"Sort of," Tony blinked at the whiplash from intimacy to practical talk. "I mean, he doesn't
"I have to go," Tony says, backing up, his fingers automatically going to his mouth as he does. "Look out for your invitation, Hero."
get hungry after sex.
This kiss was a lot better than the one in the parking structure had been. This one was warm and nothing about it hurt. Steve felt dizzy again, but this was a different kind of delirium. Tony’s mustache scratched against his skin, his hands moved to Steve’s waist, and Steve unhurriedly continued the kiss; lazy and slow and so damn
Tony swallowed up his words in another eager kiss, because otherwise he'd argue that maybe, technically, he made the first move, hadn't he? "I am," Tony replied, just as coherent as Steve, "I am
, and
than that had felt stupid, selfish, impossible; it had never been something he'd thought about seriously pursuing. He and Steve were flammable, incendiary; Tony had just been too pleased Steve was there to linger on anything but that relieved joy.
Tony had to hide his laugh in Steve's neck for a moment; his body shook under Steve's hand, so it wasn't hidden so much as muffled. When he raised his face, Steve still looked confused. Tony considered the answer. He hadn't known what to get Steve. Could he just explain that it was Happy's suggestion?
be, if Tony knew who'd really been behind that mask.
Steve had to know he was out here. Tony wriggled. The doorstep was hard; his butt was starting to get cold. He was starting to consider going to his car, fetching something soft to sit on, when the door opened again, and Steve's face sheepishly poked out of it.
to be at least partly credited!)
They make a paper theater together, clumsily ripping the paper into shapes. They try and retell
There was movement inside; Tony could see the shadow of someone coming to the door. It was certainly someone
Tony tilts his head. "Further up, further in," he mutters, reaching for a higher dial. Steve leans against the wall and watches him spin the numbers, round and round.
"I—" Steve exhaled noisily. "Fine. Yes. Sorry. But it still doesn't mean you can
If Steve had been alone, he’d have snapped the metal pipe in two and taken his chances. With Iron Man so hurt, Steve couldn’t take that risk. To Steve’s chagrin, they really would have to rely on their team, and bank on the fact that the explosion hadn’t taken them out too.
Tony squinted. "I guess I didn't think about the fact it could have been
Fuck the door puzzle—Steve has to figure out pancakes. There's a recipe on the packet. He follows it dutifully. Makes a whole plateful. There isn't any syrup in this cursed place, but there's a jar of strawberry jelly. Tony stirs a little but doesn't wake. Just stares at the wall, blank. Steve refuses to believe he's gone. Steve eats all the pancakes himself with the jelly and reads the packet as he shovels them into his mouth. Apparently it's a waffle mix too.
the time, at Tony Stark and not just Iron Man… It was suddenly all that Tony wanted.
sorry for not leaving a note," Steve said, stiffly. "And for—for yelling at you last night. That's not how I wanted to leave things."
Steve looked poleaxed. "Oh," he said, after a long pause. He wasn't quite looking at Tony. Well. Of course. That made sense. As much as Tony tried not to think about it, the whole secret identity thing was kind of a massive lie. Of course someone like Steve wouldn't like that. Tony had been kidding himself to even briefly think it would be all right.
idea."
How could anyone
“In solidarity.”
so to not get any gratitude for the cookie was concerning.
When Tony comes out of the bathroom, his expression is drawn. Steve hates that his first impulse is to hurry in after him; he hates that he exhales
somehow hurt more than all of those experiences combined.
Tony barked an amused sound that could be a laugh. It was a little bitter. "Oh, I
If it was possible to die of instant mortification, Tony guessed he was about to find out.
Nobody could hear him either. Tony didn't know whether he felt better or not, talking like they
"No," Tony said, "no, that's not what you said."
"Oh, no, don't be," Tony says, thunderstruck.
"I left it upstairs, sorry," Steve said.
Steve's expression was serious, the same way it was when he was looking at a battlefield and calculating scenarios in his head, except all that concentration was focused directly on Tony, and it was almost as head-spinning as that hand-holding sensation had been.
But the parking structure crumbled around them, and they were—they were trapped. The pain was blinding and Steve’s ears were filled with an agonizing whine. and Steve must have blacked out for a spell, which… probably wasn't a good sign for him, either.
kiss. Tony's lunge was desperation, but Steve turned it into something else. Something stronger. Something familiar. Like coming home.
It probably wouldn't have gone into specifics.
"But you're—" Steve started, but then faltered, confused how to finish that sentence.
Tony's
Normally he had a whole suit of armor to protect his identity. But right now, all he had was a padded costume and a fake polyester beard and oh god, nothing to disguise his voice at all. This wasn't good. He should be making his escape. Tony absolutely should be making an excuse to leave the room right now.
Tony huffed, “I’ll keep that in mind for future.” He darted in with a brief kiss, fast like he wasn’t sure he was allowed to, but like he wanted to steal one anyway, while he could. ″I'm so glad I didn't die before getting to kiss you like this,″ Tony whispered.
reputation. Tony would be on the verge of passing out, if he wasn't a shade and his body wasn't
Iron Man laughs. "You know, I don't normally enjoy these things. You might be changing my mind."
"I have no way of even finding out his name," Tony sighs, unaware that Steve is mentally imploding, just a couple feet away from him. "Damn my nebulous
It was, heartrendingly, exactly the way parenting was probably supposed to work.
Steve's eyes closed briefly in what looked like sheer bliss. When he opened his eyes, his smile was bright, blinding as a sunrise. Tony regretted that their privacy was only protected by a thin door; he wanted to find out how many hours Steve would sit there and let Tony kiss him. The empirical method. It really was Tony's favorite way to live.
"I'm glad I talked to you," Tony beams, picking up his coffee again, and pulling a face because it's cold now. "Oh, hey, you had a thing at the ball too, right?"
There was movement at the door as Steve stood in the Charms corridor, hating himself: he looked up eagerly, hoping to see Tony being helped towards the Infirmary, but instead, it was Sharon.
Or maybe he was about to agree. Tony didn't know. He blinked, and the world went fully black instead.
Steve glanced down at his robes. "I—yes, I suppose." Steve blinked several times. "Where
And now everyone's staring at him, while he desperately tries to calculate where the nearest window is so he can hurl himself out of it. She smirks at his expression. "I know what it looks like when someone's been kissed soundly, Rogers. You should have waited before you came to talk to me, if you wanted it to be a secret."
Tony beamed back at him.
Tony laughed in relief. "You can hear me now? Oh thank—"
Tony basks guiltily in the praise. "Well. When you don't catch him thirty hours into a paperwork bender."
hard in relief that the mouthwash is untouched. He still breaks the seal and tips it down the sink and pretends his eyes aren't stinging.
not making snide comments or shooting sly curses in Steve's direction at every opportune moment. He was stewing over it throughout Charms, and Tony was making it worse; everyone
Tony wasn't used to anyone being able to disappear on him.
Tony grinned at Steve smugly. "You were so damn sure you knew me. Did I manage to surprise you yet?"
″Shit,″ Tony said, eloquently, and Steve was only halfway through. This time Steve
"Right," Tony says. "Well. I just. I can't stop thinking about him. I never have this problem. Ever. So...I guess I just don't know what to do."
Steve and he were just holding hands. Just one hand. There was no way it should possibly feel this good.
. In a minute."
"Careful, boy," a deep voice said; there was something friendly in the man's voice, but Steve still scrambled quickly to his feet, even though the movement made his head swim. "You took a big tumble there."
" Tony said, bitterly. He concentrated enough to sit down on the chair opposite Steve; looking at Steve over his own unconscious body was kind of weird.
!" someone was yelling, near Steve, and Steve didn't understand, until he looked down at his hand – the wrist he'd jerked at Tony had been his wand-holding hand, and Tony – Tony was on
He decides to confront Steve at the end of the meal, mostly because Steve's glaring moodily into his cup of coffee like it's deeply wronged him somehow.
There was no way he couldn’t—he couldn’t have a fucking
"Whoever came up with the idea of a masquerade ball is annoying," Iron Man sighs. "I don't even know what he looked like, not really."
"You should tell him how you feel," Steve says, hoping he doesn't sound as jealous as he feels. God, jealousy, that's exactly what's going on right now. He's jealous of someone he's never met. The universe knows he doesn't have a right to be.
"Thank you," Steve said.
"Hold him steady," Strange's voice said and Tony whirled to see Steve hovering in the doorway, and Strange standing on a painted diagram, hands outstretched, surrounded by artefacts.
"Unbelievable." Tony exhaled sharply, shaking his head; something was running through his newly-constructed body, like his blood had been switched out for fizzling, corrosive lava. "So what if she
"Too bad, it's not for you anyway." Tony beamed and wrapped an arm around Robbie's shoulders companionably. "Suck it up, you work with a billionaire, you should get
"Just wondering whether this might be your new look," Steve said. "Iron Santa?"
There was definitely a major plus side – Tony was never going to have the impulse to erase his brain again, because here was a fact he never wanted to forget, never wanted to unlearn: Steve Rogers was an
″It's too late to hide your identity
didn't know?
Steve carefully gave it a shake between two fingers, being careful not to jostle the pole. He didn't know what he'd been expecting, but a face full of material wasn't it. He pushed the fabric away until he could see again.
It made so much horrible sense. Tony hated that his initial impulse was to push it all aside. So what if he wasn't good enough to be at Steve's side? Surely the small moments with him, if they were all Tony could have, would be
Steve hates how miserable Tony sounds. He wants to wipe that sadness away, but he still can't find the right words. Some other words come out, though; it's like Steve's forgotten he's a big part of this dilemma, and it's someone else suggesting the solution to this problem. "Throw another masquerade ball and invite all the same people," Steve blurts.
perks for having to put up with that."
Steve might not have put the frankly-kinda-obvious-in-hindsight pieces together to know the real name of his best friend in this decade, but he’d been right in that godforsaken parking structure: he
Steve held eye contact and then took one of Tony's hands in his own, a jerking movement, like it had been an impulse he couldn't hold back; Steve's hand was so very warm and his fingers curled gently around Tony's hand like it was something fragile or precious.
"How could you?" Tony whispered. Even those that had been Team Tony during the incessant prank war were looking at Tony askance, almost fearfully. "That was a secret. How dare you. How
"Don't tell him you said that," Iron Man says. "His head might grow so big he can't fit through doorways."
Tony let Steve's door open fully, showing the gaping, clinical emptiness within. Jan ambled over, shock replacing her concern.
He called him Shell-head. As far as Steve knew, he was Iron Man. In a Santa costume. Tony had to proceed with that assumption for now.
Steve looks up, his face suddenly awash with misery. "I'm so sorry, Tony. I was having a swell time. It's just—" He shuffles, awkwardly. "I don't think this is the right situation to talk about this—"
Tony laughed at that, even though it clearly caused him physical pain to do so. ″I dare say lying to Captain America probably comes with a cost, too, and I've done
He isn't, when it finally happens. At first, he thinks he's found the combination of dial numbers that will open the door—the ominous crack sounds close to the noise Steve's been imagining as the noise it will make when the puzzle's solved—but it's not the door. It's the ceiling.
That awkward, heart-flipping feeling in Steve’s chest intensified. Tony wasn’t saying he didn’t mean what he’d said; he was giving
Steve," Carol said, using the media's sensational nickname for that perverted version of Steve that had upsettingly rocked the world for way too long, rolling her eyes for every syllable of it.
of the food in the kitchen—there are roll-up sandwiches with the crusts cut off because they're both tired of seeded bread; pasta salad with vegetables; steak cut into fingers and breaded; strawberry yogurt and tinned peach slices; a small cake that Tony's jury-rigged together with the pancake mix and eggs—and they eat like kings, feeding each other with their fingers, reclining back on the blanket once they're done, staring up at the perfect, unbreakable (Steve's tried, a hundred times) ceiling.
Tony jolts when the balcony doors open and Steve slips through. Tony's shoulders sag.
something.
It was probably stress. As stress-free as December had felt, January was pushing back with a vengeance. The only thing making it bearable was the moments when Steve was kissing him, because the kisses still felt
Steve managed a smirk. ″I'm not insane.″
"Don't even
When Steve wakes up, Day 492, it's to the sight of Tony's back. Tony's curled up in a fetal position. He looks so young like this. Steve shudders.
Shell-head", and Tony was ruined forever.
I'm here," Tony said, scowling as Strange closed his eyes and started hovering mid-air, his legs crossed, "I've been here the
Tony had said. Steve had replayed that moment in his head a thousand times. But, if Tony had been truly delirious, then none of it might have been true. Why hadn’t Steve thought about that?
"—celebrate them with you?" Tony guessed, his heart thumping. Steve was kind of nuts if he thought that his words had been remotely clear, but Tony couldn't blame him; clear thoughts were difficult right now.
Steve drew his forehead back, attempting a serious expression that was slightly derailed by a somewhat goofy grin he was trying to tamper down. "Yeah," he nodded. "We should."
"I probably won't," Steve admits. "But if you wanted to make me pancakes too, I wouldn't stop you."
Unfortunately, his brain didn't
of fathers, not just the blood-related ones. Maybe it would make
"I think I ate my weight in pastries," McCoy sighs during a sparring break, rubbing at his furry belly in memory. "Do you think Mr. Stark would let me know where his caterers got them, Shellhead?"
"Isn't it an open bar?" Steve asks.
"Yeah. He. He’ll probably be mad at me for getting injured. You know what it’s like."
. It was sarcasm. Steve’s brain could not compute it. It didn’t make any sense. Iron Man was—he was incredible. He was
"Couple of months." Steve's words were scratchy, his throat tightening, like he hated having to push those words out too. "We were—just trying it out, y'know? And we were arguing, just before—"
Steve holds out his arm to her. He hates dancing, but he'd hate to let Jan down more. "I'd love to dance," he lies.
" a voice yelped from outside, and Tony stilled immediately. Tony still had his eyes closed, but he could feel Steve stiffen against him, and not in the fun way that had been looming if the kissing had continued much longer. "Does that mean I have to
Santa Claus probably wasn't supposed to drive off in a limo, but it wasn't like Tony had thought to bring a sleigh to Queen County Hospital.
"Wow." The blows were just going to keep on coming, weren't they? Tony puffed out his cheeks briefly and moved his hands to his hips just to give himself something to do with them that didn't involve punching Steve in the face. "I'm sorry you were
Steve was brand new to this decade. He didn’t know anyone. Of
respond. Tony's mouth is warm and lush beneath his own. Steve's fingers curl into Tony's t-shirt, and he shakes, and his eyes are wet, but he kisses Tony anyway.
A few minutes later, Tony takes his coffee off to his lab, and Steve watches him go. He'll tell Tony at the ball who he is. See what happens. Yeah. It's a good plan.
Steve's new baby – Sarah – wasn't genetically his own child. She was the grandchild of Dino Manelli, one of the Howling Commandos that Steve had served with during the war. Dino's own daughter had died in a car crash a few weeks ago, leaving Dino as the proxy carer. But then Dino had died, and for some reason – he'd chosen Steve to be Sarah's guardian, should something happen to him. The paperwork was solid; apparently naming Captain America as your child's guardian was acceptable, even though Steve and Dino weren't even remotely related.
"Not yet." Tony returned his attention to the tree, holding the device over the next set of branches and carefully moving it along. The light stayed green. "Doesn't mean there isn't one."
"Of course you're not going to wake up just because I ask." Steve laughed; the noise was a weird, twisted version of a laugh. "You always have to do things your own way, Tony. But who am I to talk? I'm exactly the same. I'm
it's something proprietorial—something that Steve can look at and think
Steve's stomach twinges. As much as there's a part of him hoping Tony means their passionate balcony kissing, he also knows Tony's reputation. Tony gets to kiss plenty of people, all the time. He's not the same sad sack as Steve is about it. He braces himself to listen and be a supportive friend. "Steve Rogers wouldn't mind sitting with a mug of coffee at a respectable hour in the morning to talk about his friend's issues," he says, slowly.
There was a low roaring in Tony's ears. He had to go. He had to get out of there.
They used to be as necessary to each other as oxygen. She hadn't glued herself to Tony's side like Steve had, but she had been there, regularly. She still cared, even if neither of them knew what to do with that.
"I do. And I'm the smartest guy in the room."
But that moment, if it was even real in the first place and not wishful thinking on Tony's behalf, didn't last long enough.
Steve used to be one of them, but right now, Tony wasn't too sure of that at all.
than this."
"Doomesque?"
Tony's reputation. Of fucking course. That would be the problem. That would always be a problem. Steve was a good, kind, strong person. A paragon of all virtues.
"What if it's like… reverse Narnia," Tony says, staring up at the rows of dials, shaking his head. Narnia had been written after Steve's turn as a human ice-cube, but Tony had paper-theater'd all seven books; Steve really enjoyed Tony's Puddleglum voice. "Like, the Pevensies step into Narnia as kids, grow up to become Kings and Queens there, then at the end they step back through the wardrobe and they're kids again—but we'll step out
Tony pulled back slowly, staring at Steve in pleased surprise. Could it be that Steve was harboring feelings too? Surely he wouldn't have kissed Tony back like that if he wasn't feeling
Steve resets too. Same shit, same day.
"Oh." Steve never saw the problem in repeating outfits or words. "Find any?"
Carol flies down to get them out; Steve makes her carry Tony up first.
Steve kissed him
time I've shot at Clint's head for recreational purposes."
"Invincible," Steve whispered.
"Uh," Tony says. "Because—" Oh shit. Steve's expression shifts into a suspicious one. "Because he usually puts his flowers in the lab, and he works on me in the lab, so—"
His heart racing, Steve realized he must have cast it wandlessly, his anger at Tony unconsciously overriding control of his magic. Tony's robes were alight, and someone was hauling Steve backwards as Van Dyne cast
Carol nodded and then her gaze caught on the panel and what he was looking at. Her mouth lifted at one side. "You gonna go get your guy?"
Steve arched an eyebrow. "Won't that ruin your supervillain cred?"
Iron Man chuckled, which was immediately followed by a low hissing noise; he obviously regretted making that response. "Opportunistic of you, Captain."
There's a pink cushion on the sofa. Steve picks it up and strips the cover from it. He throws the pink fabric out of the window. Gone, forever gone. There's a fire lit beneath him and he opens all the drawers and the closet; every pink item of clothing he owns joins the cushion cover's fate, littering be damned. A pink tie; two silky pairs of boxers; a t-shirt with a charity's name printed in bold capitals on the front. Another graphic tee has a logo with large black capital letters and even though it's innocent, Steve's vision blurs the text into TO EXIT, SOLVE ME, so that goes out the window too.
"It's just," Steve says, throwing his shield at Stilt-Man's legs, and grinning when Stilt-Man comically falls on his ass, "there are all these fancy tasting menus, but they're fixed, so maybe it's better not to book one of those."
"I've seen the roller skates," Happy said.
If things didn't calm down soon, Tony was going to blow something up. Or maybe implode himself.
As Thor lifted Robbie up onto his shoulders so the youngest Avenger could put the star on top of the tree, Steve drew up alongside Tony, his gaze fondly traveling over the scene.
Right now you like me because you
, the way he's totally obsessed with Iron Man's thighs, and there's nothing shallow about the way he's feeling about Tony right now. He wants to kiss him again, yes, but he also wants to dance with him more, and spar with him, and take him to bed. There have been enough lies. Steve wants Tony for keeps and honesty is the only path that will take them there.
"You’re in shock," Steve said, slowly. "It’s okay. Me too."
Had this been a land of myth and magic, there might have been a prophecy to foretell the following events. Something lyrical and pretty, involving three beautiful masquerade balls, and true love's kiss, and the unmasking of a love that had been in front of our champion's eyes all along.
Everyone seemed to be having fun. Tony tried to just settle into the moment, but he did feel a little disconnected, like he was watching himself do this with his teammates. Everyone else seemed fully engaged with the activity.
Tony felt like maybe—maybe he could breathe again. "I know the secret identity thing is—" he started, rushing the words out.
Steve smiled grimly, feeling zero amusement. Sometimes you just had to trick your fellow Avengers into admitting they were hurt.
so clever. That quickness of his mind was one of the
need to learn to talk to each other and use our actual words." He pulled a wry face. "That is, if you still want to. Y'know. With me." Ugh, okay, that wasn't exactly a
Even as Van Dyne started to use healing charms on Tony, enough to keep his body intact until they could safely move him to the infirmary, Tony was conscious enough to be looking at Steve.
Or when Steve dragged Tony away mid-Christmas dinner to kiss him silly in the kitchen:
saved him. That’s how they were in this mess, Steve realized, as the imaginary photo stills of memory finally lined up into an almost complete storyboard in Steve’s mind. They'd caught sight of their target; he’d had a larger device this time, and Steve raised his shield to attack. But Iron Man had detected something on his monitors, and the last thing Steve remembered after throwing his shield was the bright lights of an explosion, and Iron Man flying at him, and knocking him backwards, throwing them both out of the range of the blast.
″Naturally,″ Tony interjected, his mouth leaning sideways into a rakish smirk that made Steve's stomach flip a little.
debatable.″
″I'm not insane.″
"Well?" Iron Man prompts, his eyes locked firmly on Steve's.
"You're on," Iron Man says, and pulls away.
Steve vacillates back and forth for the whole week leading up to the third ball. It would be so easy to just forget it happened. Chalk it up to a wonderful dream. Tony would no doubt be able to slide it into the annals of his playboy adventures. Steve might only have been interesting to him
me. And I was pretty sure you wouldn't really be thinking about what that meant, for Iron Man, and your company, and I didn't want you to have to compromise yourself like that, or regret it. I couldn't bear the idea of
"Of course he talks about you," Tony says, hurriedly; Steve looking sad is the
the wrong word for what they had been doing) secret to start with, because he knew how much the others would disagree with it and warn them away from each other. They could work together blindingly well (see, years of die-hard, concrete friendship where they did the impossible together, again and again), but they could also be embarrassingly corrosive (Steve was lying on the courthouse steps, bleeding out, and Tony's heart emptied with it, he would never be the same again, nothing was worth that pain,
Except when Steve opens his mouth to say that, nothing comes out. Oh god. What's happening to him? Words. It's just words. Tell him the truth. That's it. It's simple.
"I guess I see that," Tony breathes, edging a repulsor blast at where he's pretty sure Death-Stalker's hiding—he curses when he only manages to catch part of her cloak as she skips out of the way just in time. "Uh, no allergies, though."
"I presume so," Iron Man says. "But sadly, I didn't quite manage to get his name."
Tony exhales. "What?"
"I...like you too,” Iron Man said. “Of course I do. You’re... You’re
"But you love me anyway," Tony beamed.
out of him, and how fast both of them had been aroused, and—
"But I
"Well, when you put it like that—"
,″ Steve said. Wait. That probably wasn't quite right. Tony's kisses had kind of melted his brain. Tony was laughing, so it was most likely
Steve preferred using the Quinjet for clean-up, but the remnants of Malekith's forces didn't cause chaos on schedule. Tony had his own issues with the Circulator, but that was more the fact his professional pride had been a little bit dented by the advanced tech still lingering inside the Celestial corpse that they called home. The Circulator could transport them to and from anywhere, but T'Challa thought it best that the technology was kept under wraps for now, so for this mission they were headed to a quiet alley where they wouldn't be seen disappearing.
Tony took on Malekith's realm once on his own with nothing but his armor, a bunch of rage, and a half-assed plan fueled by being
him and
Steve stared. Maybe he was more injured than he thought. There was no way what Tony was saying made any sense. This whole thing was some sort of delirious nightmare. Maybe Steve was hallucinating. Oh, that made sense. Iron Man being Tony Stark did feel like some sort of fever dream because Steve liked Iron Man
"You’re cold," Steve said, slowly. Shit. Cold wasn’t good. Cold really wasn’t good. Cold meant Iron Man’s body was putting all its blood-flow to his core. His blood pressure would be dropping, too. Hypothermia was becoming a real risk. Iron Man was losing too much blood. One of the pipes looked like it had gone more cleanly through him, as there wasn’t too much blood leaking from that wound. But the flower one, the
There was a rattling noise of someone loosening a chain, drawing back a bolt, and then the door opened.
appeared vulnerable. "That was never a feeling I wanted to associate with Christmas, y'know?"
Steve's eyebrows knot. "What do
Steve's face creased like he was having to puzzle through an unexpected math problem. "I guess I always assumed you brought people in to do it."
"Hero?" Steve questions. "Was that the costume he was wearing?"
Another thought creeps in, low and hot. He'd thought it before, during their sparring session, but now seeing those thighs under a different fabric makes the thought even more impressive. Iron Man's physique is
"Apparently."
The more he thinks about it, the more sense it makes. Tony and Iron Man are so rarely in the same room together. Tony's rarely seen without his briefcase and now they know the Iron Man armor can be folded down, it makes sense to Steve that the briefcase contains the armor. Steve hadn't known anyone in this decade, yet Iron Man had fiercely guarded his identity; of course he was one of the very few civilian faces Steve
an illusion, but their love has been real all along.
Iron Man seemed to be enjoying himself anyway. Something about the hideously thick concrete walls blocked some of his scanners, so he had been muttering to himself since the moment their prey had entered the structure; apparently he was sketching out improvements to his suit under his breath.
Steve deserved the truth. And if he ran screaming, Tony wouldn't blame him.
can reduce your own personal acts of vile villainy if I move back to New York with my daughter."
Carol's face pinched with sympathy for Steve. "You and Tony
Steve's abdomen feels tight. Of course Tony's going to see Steve again. They see each other every day, what is he talking about?
Steve was lying on the ground. They were in some sort of
Tony's smile was immediate and irrepressible.
Tony's mouth wrinkled a little. ″I'm supposed to be the
It was a little insane. All Tony had to do was step back, and the others inside the training room would be able to see them. They'd
up at this time, before you judge me."
starting to muddle from the pain. But when he did finally speak, Steve could barely believe his words.
Tony glowers at him sourly, because sometimes the mask does have its benefits. "So what did you want to know? I presume you wanted insight to something in particular?"
having to go through it too – it was unbearable. So when Tony had wandered into the potions lab, and seen Steve on the table, robes hiked up to his waist, Sharon kneeling between them… Steve let Tony think the worst.
"I expected a little more gratitude, considering I'm saving your life." Strange smirked. "Another couple of weeks and you'd have faded completely."
feeling the same sort of thing. And yeah, I should have probably been braver and tried to say something, but I'm glad I didn't. I'm
From the amount of blood, Steve couldn’t even hope that it had just hit the armor and not the pilot inside the suit. He forced himself to look closer; to take in the details. Part of the red-and-gold armor was peeled back around one of the wounds and Steve could barely bring himself to look at it. The broken metal pipe extended straight through that wound, through and through, ragged flash surrounding it like a nightmarish flower. There was certainly a lot of blood coming from it. Too much. Steve’s brain was already flooding with facts. It would only take losing a liter and a half of blood for Iron Man to be in real trouble.
This whole embrace is so easy, the way Steve's hand automatically slides around Tony's waist, like it was made to fit there. This might be only the third time Steve's held Tony like this, but it feels familiar and exciting, all at once. It feels like
good, somehow.
"Well, I made your wife do all the official gifts from the company," Tony said. "I sent Morgan the annual hamper, although goodness forbid he doesn't deserve it this year, considering what he's been up to. But he's family all the same and I don't have a lot of that."
Hmm. Apparently Steve and communication had their moments. That much clarity deserved a reward; Tony kissed him again, eagerly. Steve had shaved that beard, which was a shame; Tony wondered how much convincing it would take him to grow it again.
He beams at her. "You look absolutely lovely, Jan," he compliments.
"Stark sure knows how to throw a party," Sam agrees.
Thinking about Steve's death, as temporary as it had been, was enough to clear Tony's head so he could brave company.
"I'm glad I'm the only one that doesn't have it together at this hour," Tony admits, settling down in a chair opposite from Steve. Steve tries not to openly stare at the expanse of neck and wrists on view thanks to Tony's rolled up sleeves and loosened tie.
He was utterly okay with the fact that Steve wanted him gone. This was what Steve wanted and Tony always wanted Steve to have what he wanted. It was a whole pile of wanting. The only thing that fought against that was the
But, Iron Man might bleed to death if they weren’t found soon.
"Rest," Steve said, the single word cracking into pieces. Tony had never heard a more beautiful sound.
And worse, no one was even looking at him, even though Carol had run into the room, shouting for Thor.
Pepper smiled. "Thank you." She hugged the papers closer and headed to the door. She paused just before leaving. "Oh, and the Queen County Hospital called. They wanted to say thank you for your donation efforts, and also, to thank you again for being their Santa last week."
"I'm just trying to help," Tony said, finally looking at Steve.
Tony didn't move away from his task. "I'm checking our Christmas tree for bugs."
There are expectations in a name and an identity, especially one so well-known.
If Tony had paused to consider the logistics of kissing with a fake beard, he probably would have dismissed it as awkward and struck it from his mental list of things that he was interested in trying out. But it didn't seem difficult at all. Or maybe it was Steve, and that's why it was easy. Tony wondered whether he was hallucinating, because it seemed so strange that he
They barely could be alone in the same room together for more than a few seconds before Steve's mouth found Tony's, and they were kissing like the end of the world was imminent.
Yep, it was definitely gonna be a problem, if Steve was going to continue saying things like that.
"Don’t make me
want to," Steve breathed, his eyes flying across Tony's face like he'd just unwrapped the greatest possible gift on Christmas morning, "
"We're supposed to be bringing out the extra potatoes," Tony hissed, as Steve nosed along Tony's jawline and sweetly swallowed his protests.
"Remember what I told you earlier about the systems here having backup generators for every floor?” Iron Man asked.
"How about you help me clear these empty crates into storage?" Steve asked, nodding over at the storage closet with a knowing light in his eyes.
"But you love it there," Tony blurted out, cursing his own lack of subtlety. It was a well-known fact to everyone that Steve didn't really deal well with discussions that covered emotions or feelings. Oh, he could do it at a passable level, if you distracted him well beforehand, or he'd just spent four hours on a battlefield and had no energy left to keep up the wall around his emotions. But a Steve like this, days from their last skirmish, relaxed by this apparent rare respite from imminent disaster...Tony was playing with fire, really. He held his breath. His words were just as likely to send Steve running as get him an actual response. Tony braced himself for Steve to put down the figurine and mutter about needing to sleep after all.
Happy shrugged. "Who doesn't like cheese?" He reconsidered. "Unless he's allergic or vegan."
Steve glanced at the tree. "Thought it was best, considering the time."
"I need to pack that more open wound of yours, or you’ll bleed out on me before help gets here," Steve said. "Stay still. I’m gonna try and pull as much material from my under-suit as I can without widening your injury—" he smirked, "unless you have a first aid kit hidden in that suit of yours?”
Well. Their superhero names, anyway. Steve dutifully hands them around—Falcon, Wasp, Vision, Ms. Marvel, Beast, and the last one's for him—before he realizes there isn't one for Iron Man.
"Only that I didn't figure it out," Tony admits. "But—a mask. Seriously.
so,″ he said, fiercely. ″Are you going to tell me I'm wrong? I've heard it's unpatriotic to contradict Captain America.″
Tony didn't have to be asked twice.
you into a coffin," Steve said, his voice low, stubborn.
when all they'd shared were a few admittedly-beautiful kisses, how much would it have hurt later?
"They, uh, decided it wasn't a good idea for me to go this year," Steve said, slowly, because he was brave, he was always so damn
"No," Steve said. "Sorry. Just—you look familiar, I guess."
kiss Sarah's pink, wrinkled face on his way out the door, though. But he regretted it fiercely as he stepped away from Steve's dumb little two-story house and his pathetic little grass lawn and his beautiful baby girl nestled so sweetly against Steve's broad chest, because now he felt like he was abandoning both of them.
Tony squints. "Like
Steve thinks, and he takes a deep breath.
Tony couldn't explain what was happening for a moment. Something had happened to gravity, or the thermostat, or the floor was shifting beneath them, or—
Steve hummed under his breath as he thought about that. Tony, who was actually Iron Man. Tony, whose own exterior was a little rougher than usual from his injuries, but underneath he was brave, and
Steve deserved to know the truth. Tony could tell him, right? It would be easy. There wasn't too much of a reason to hide it from him. And the idea of Steve smiling at him
There wasn't any other note. No e-mail. No written letter. No voicemail. Steve was just gone.
That noise. It's the noise of an Avengers identicard beeping. It's coming from both Steve
"I had to," Steve said nonsensically, tearing his mouth away briefly to press warm, wet, desperate kisses along Tony's jaw, "sometimes you just—you're
The kids had loved his appearance and performance, and, even better, Tony's brain now held a comprehensive list of things the children in the long-term ward at Queen County Hospital wanted from Santa that year. Santa might be making one more delivery to that hospital before the week was over.
reputation we were protecting," Tony murmured, wrapping his hands around Steve's waists, thrilling when Steve nestled into his arms with a noise of sheer contentment. "My personal reputation is already pretty shot to hell. And my business hasn't exactly been shining. Besides, worst case?" Tony regarded Steve coolly. "I'm a cis white man with billions of dollars at my disposal. My disgrace in the public eye would last for, what, a week?" He beamed. "America's a bit fucked up like that. That's why we left, right?"
"That's true," Tony said cheerfully. "Lucky for us, there's not a
It was common for people reaching the second stage of shock to panic. To get a sense of impending doom. Was that what was going through Iron Man’s mind, as his body adjusted to the first wave of shock? Was delirium setting in? Iron Man was
To say that the sudden silence in Tony's office was awkward… was probably an understatement.
connected to his body, despite what Strange seemed to think. Strange did some more of his mumbo-jumbo over the teleporter, and then, seemingly satisfied, used it to disappear back to his creepy-ass mansion.
Tony couldn't look away. He wasn't sure he even wanted to. He slowly moved his hand like Steve was a skittish animal who might spook and run if Tony moved too quickly, adjusting his fingers until they were intertwined with Steve's. They were just sitting at the table, holding hands, like it was a normal thing to do, and just
It's pretty great."
Because Iron Man casually pulls off his mask and runs a hand through his hair and he smiles charmingly at Steve.
Tony immediately melted into it. It was still just as incredible.
“Not at work?” Steve asks, trying to ignore the quiet thump of that ever-present-Tony Stark-feeling as he crossed the floor to the cupboards to dig around for a mug.
Steve hums, noncommittally. "Actually, I think it might?"
wanted, but the concept of leaving Steve was so painful. But it would only grow worse if he stretched it out any longer.
″ Steve tensed his jaw and stared at Tony, daring him to look away. ″I haven't stopped.″
"Some people do."
it was always so inspiring. Bravery wasn't always on battlefields, facing down impossible odds, sometimes it was staying when you wanted to run, and opening your mouth, and saying that most damaging of things: the truth. "The, uh. The staff asked me not to go. The veterans that usually attend were—they're worried—they're—" Steve coughed uncomfortably, eyes still tracing the mini-Thor. "They're scared of me. Of him. The other me."
The leggings still show those distinctive legs. Steve didn't get that wrong. He knows he couldn't get something like that so wrong; he's spent hours looking at Iron Man's legs, even more recently after knowing the real guy beneath the metal had that stunning physique.
was part of the complex equation I used to figure out the gift."
I meant it,” Tony said, sounding surprised that Steve even had to ask, and it was that disbelief that made it easy, so easy, for Steve to lean forward. To put his hand carefully around Tony’s neck, to revel in how it felt for Tony to lean unconsciously into his fingers. Steve could snap Tony’s neck in an instant, they both knew that, and for him to be so pliant and trusting around Steve was a gift. Steve leaned in, telegraphing his intention with his movement; slow and deliberate. Tony’s eyes slid half-shut. Like this already felt good. Like this was already doing it for him.
"Huh." Tony squinted at it speculatively. "So, uh, how long do you think it's gonna take us to
in Steve's eyes, that made Tony's heart leap. Three times, now. Three times in quick succession, and Tony couldn't be imagining this, could he? Steve wanted to kiss him.
about it
"I know," Steve said.
"Wow," Steve breathed, simply.
"Thank you." Steve shifted awkwardly. "You really didn't have to do any of this."
It was a chaotic jam of hectic events; as soon as Iron Man put one fire out, Tony Stark had to go put another out. His company was trying to implode too. It was just one crisis after another and Tony had barely even
the stress like he usually did, like an actual weight on his shoulders. Who knew that kissing Steve was the balm he'd been missing his whole life?
This time, Steve was slumped over Tony's body. He was asleep. Tony felt something akin to an ache ripple right through him. He hated seeing Steve like that.
"Hey, Cap."
“Oh.”
Tony tried lying down in his body again, concentrating enough so he could scoot up onto the bed. It didn't work. He didn't think it would. When he closed his eyes, he opened them to Steve looming over him again.
Tony barked a polite, media-friendly laugh. She was pretty in a conventional way; Tony of ten years ago would have swept her off her feet in an instant. Tony of today was exhausted, bruised, and he had a few hours ahead of him of making sure there was no lingering magic
Steve can't say he hears how the conversation starts.
"More's the pity," Tony sighed and resisted the urge to rub his temples. "Two days to go and I'm still stuck what to get. Jan decided we should do Secret Santa this year."
Tony perked up, a solution hitting him that was
probably isn't the word Steve should choose to describe someone's voice, but it's what he feels. Iron Man's voice without the modulator to distort it is just
"How about you?" Tony asked. He wasn't quite brave enough to look at Steve directly as he asked; he gathered a bundle of the mistletoe together instead, sniffing at it tentatively, tugging at the ribbon the bunch was tied with like it might unravel easily.
Steve got up from the couch and brushed his knees. "Guess I should start packing," he said.
"Jan," Steve greets, sidling up next to her.
And that meant this thing simmering between them that had sparked so red-hot in the kitchen the other day had the potential to be something
He must work out for hours. The serum turned Steve from a tall skinny beanpole into a muscular force, but Iron Man has just as impressive muscles, all from his own hard work. Steve's almost light-headed with how much he's affected by that thought.
Tony sighed. He probably shouldn't expect to win
Iron Man wasn't moving. But was it because the pipes had pinned him, or because he couldn't move because he was—oh god please let him not be—
. Wow."
"So, no mistletoe then?"
Eventually, Tony pulls away, shivering; Steve tugs him even closer to compensate and Tony makes a contented noise as he settles into Steve's chest.
"Duck!" Tony yells, and throws Steve to one side to avoid being crushed under the wall that Avalanche has managed to completely dislodge.
Tony braced himself. It was one thing for Steve to figure it out and another to say it out loud. "Yes. I am Iron Man."
Iron Man is so close and Steve bends closer to his ear so he can whisper above the music, "I know who you are."
Tony scowled as Strange disappeared with his unconscious quarry. He
"I'm not pissed off she hit on you. I'd have to be pissed off every single day if that was the case. That sounds exhausting."
"I'll come with you," T'Challa said, sweeping out of the room with Strange.
"You actually like her, don't you?" Steve asked, sitting down next to them, pulling Tony closer and pressing a kiss to Tony's cheek.
Tony was gearing up to be brave again, to open his eyes and beg Steve to abandon the tree, to come to his room, to take some of these impossibly good kisses to a soft surface. He was feeling feverish at the thought of that, Steve's heavy body pressing him to a mattress, holding him still, devouring him whole – when something external froze the moment solid.
"Am I reading this moment wrong?" Steve whispered, his spare hand moving up to Tony's head, fingers curling so gently around the back of Tony's neck. That touch sparked electricity through Tony's body too. Steve tilted his head, his eyes dropping unmistakably to Tony's lips.
the power that gives you. Maybe Iron Man's real strength is tied to the anonymity. He can be free of the expectations of the name
"So what are your plans this year? For the actual day, I mean." Tony stared at the current bauble in his hands, his distorted face a smear of color in the silvery surface. "Back to your usual soup kitchen?"
until they realize Steve is working from the books and Tony's working from the movies; that somehow makes it funnier. Steve tries to introduce him to Tom Bombadil, but he can't really sing; he improvises and uses the puppets to tell Tony some stories about the Howling Commandos instead.
Sarah started to cry, breaking Tony's chain of thought, and Steve's concentration. It was probably for the best.
Somehow – maybe because Steve was standing there looking strung-out and a thousand miles away from happy, or maybe because Tony was exhausted from fighting and didn't have the energy to mount a defense, or maybe just because Tony was so in love with the asshole standing in front of him that he couldn't
Tony thumps his head down onto the table and gives in to the strangled noise he was holding back.
? What the fuck's going on?″ Steve's voice pitched higher. ″Shell-Head?″
to have Steve stuck in a damn room with Tony's comatose body?
by halves, and that was true for bitter vengeance too. He supposed he should tell Tony the truth of what actually happened – that he and Sharon weren't doing anything in the Potions classroom, it had all been entirely innocent – but it wouldn't do any good.
"You don't want to be seen arguing with me in public, huh?" Tony started to storm toward the appointed disembarkation point.
correct when even the dictionary isn’t sure.”
″It's just a built-in suit mechanism,″ Tony said. ″It just means that if I suffer from a tension pneumothorax, the armor basically... stabs me and works to drain the fluid; lets me breathe again. It's totally
Even Doctor Strange couldn't seem to see him.
Most didn't extend to Tony himself. Tony seemed intent on dragging Steve into as many fights as possible. An incident in History led to Professor Wang having to
Tony, having to figure out the same distribution fuck-up for the seventh time that month, was starting to put it all down as a hallucination when Pepper showed up at his office door to tell him he had a visitor. Tony had a headache; he was tempted to tell them to go away until he caught sight of who it was.
Tony glared at him. Of all the presumptuous bullshit. Steve really thought that if he and Tony had been dating, if Tony had known Steve had feelings for him… (and what the absolute fuck was this new bunch of shit, that Steve had
"Don't mock me," Steve breathed, "you're making it hard to think."
“I,” Tony said, putting down the papers he was reading in favor of reaching for his own coffee, “in support of the severe physical injuries my bodyguard sustained during his valiant effort to protect this city, am taking a hiatus from work so my loyal employee doesn’t feel guilty that he’s unable to protect me while he recovers.”
"Would it be so bad if they knew it was true?" Tony asked. His rebuilt heart was pounding loudly in his ears. It felt like he was holding it out on his palms, ready for Steve to take it.
with another burst of kindness. Before, Tony guessed, never seeing him again.
Tony stared in confusion. Steve looked somehow
message either, because instead of finishing that sentence, he kissed Tony instead.
"I think it'll be nice for all of us to have a night off," Vision says. "Healthy. Although I have no idea what one wears to or does at a masquerade ball."
"Yeah. With the way villains have been descending on the season, it makes better sense for Iron Man to be based there until things calm down."
When he looked back up, Steve was smiling at him.
Dammit.
the sound of it, but Tony was figuring out all sorts of ways to do that—
"Try not to smash anything until I'm done," Tony says. "It's so hard to pick glass shards out of the batter."
"I did know about some of that stuff," Steve said, sounding flustered. "But she's not crawling age yet. And I meant to start, it's just—"
Tony side-eyes Steve. "This is not a respectable hour in anyone's morning." He sighs. "It's just—I met this guy—" And then Tony freezes, like he's said something wrong.
Fatherhood was rumored to turn your brain to mush a little bit. Tony was glad to see it worked for all
He knew Steve pursued every action in his life with single-minded focus; Tony had never truly properly considered how it would be to have all that dedication concentrated solely on him. Steve was an ocean wave crashing over all his storm defenses, devastating everything that Tony had built walls to protect. This was the kind of kiss that had the potential to change
"Maybe we should consider shopping at a different lot if this one delivers trees with bugs in them."
“I don’t hold you to
Not when Steve kissed him like
sort of wanting.
brave. You're always
overstepping with that idea, but Tony shot that voice down. Steve had been perfectly uncivil in the face of Tony's well-meaning curiosity; he'd just have to
"I don’t follow."
Tony had tried to make an invisibility rig so many times as a teenager. Nearly given himself cancer for the privilege. He couldn't believe he'd ever been so naive as to think invisibility was a good thing. Then again, when he finally pulled off the stealth suit, that invisibility hadn't come like
"Hush, I was trying to sound generous," Jan says, making Steve laugh. She sips her drink, a cocktail with a fancy little umbrella perched in it. "I was talking to the bartenders, apparently Tony paid the staff not to serve him. Heaven knows how they're supposed to tell which one he is." Jan squints into the crowd. Steve feels his cheeks heat up again, which he thinks is unfair and ridiculous; he's blushed more today than he thinks he ever has. "Maybe it's mandatory when you make more than a million to grow a mustache."
" Carol says, making an impressed whistling noise.
for him? It couldn't be true, because if Steve loved him, would he really be wrecking Tony like this right now? Except it
No, Steve didn't hate him. Steve loved him too much. That was the problem.
The constant ache in his chest, the one he always had around Steve.
Steve doesn't realize how much he needs the air until Iron Man leads him past a heavy set of curtains to a door that's unlocked. It leads to a small balcony that looks out over manicured gardens below. The bushes and trees are lit up with tiny fairy lights and the sky is beautiful too, a nearly full moon hanging large and bright among the stars.
Robbie laughed. "
was the closest thing to a ghost in the room, he'd easily vote Steve's voice into second place.
Tony glanced at him worriedly. Even if Steve was happy to be informal and vulnerable when around
to you and then—polarized, was it? Wow."
fighting the same battles. They never learned, y'know? Same old, same old. Now I have them in schools, they're
have stayed and fought the Elves. Okay, maybe Tony was in kind of rough shape, but Broo could have teleported just Tony?
"I know it sounds crazy. But it’s how I feel."
Happy made a cheering noise. "That's the holiday spirit I like to hear, boss."
"How did you—" Iron Man started and then wheezed, and more quietly added, "Damn."
has been revealed!" Breathing had been hard enough before, but now Steve felt like one of the pillars had fallen on his chest, too; pushing down, squeezing him in a cold, awful, strangling embrace. "I know we’ll maybe get out of here, but... we have to be realistic, there’s a risk we might not."
Perhaps being away from his body for too long wasn't a good idea.
"There’s light and air still," Steve said. Iron Man would be able to realize it was a question.
Steve leans across so his mouth is by Tony's ear. "I guess I haven't done a good enough job, if you're still able to think."
"Because you're
"And we can lower that risk by at least
"I'm—I
Wanda, Steve thought.
really know me. You just know the
their once die-hard friendship had been evolving into.
start an argument—" Steve started, heatedly. He matched Tony's pace, his arms swinging in that precise, sharp manner that meant he was agitated. Tony hadn't read him wrong at all, then.
Steve, because he was an eternal show-off, picked up the three other empty crates in one hand, dutifully following Tony to the storage closet. Tony thought it was just Steve's practicality raising its head, and his need to control things sometimes – he wanted Steve to feel comfortable after making him talk about something so unpleasant, something Steve had probably been stewing silently over for weeks – but then Steve somehow moved too quickly, too sharply, and he was holding up the last crate to push onto the top shelf, and the door he'd been propping open with his foot closed.
It was the first time Tony had looked at Steve since his entrance into the room. Steve's face, a combination of pleasing angles and a brightness that always spoke to Tony of earnestness and life, seemed a little ruddy. Perhaps he'd been chasing T'challa's robo-panthers again on the higher levels.
Tony pushed that thought aside instantly, loathing it. Hating that he thought so badly of
"Can you say the same about the Agents of Wakanda? You wanna kiss Blade?
True, Tony had seen Steve naked, and not just for hot tub fun times, or inadvertent villain escapades gone wrong; he'd seen Steve naked for truly intimate purposes, but that didn't give him any right to look at Steve naked
"Maybe this will anchor him," Steve murmured, his eyes sliding back to Tony's body as he reached out and took Tony's hand in his. He didn't seem to notice that Strange and T'Challa were still there. A wash of empathy swept over T'Challa's face.
Tony mouthed to himself,
Focus on the now, Steve reminded himself, sternly. Get through this so you
″I like to think so,” Tony said.
He had Tony.
Steve looks at Tony's tousled hair and counts his even, deliberate breaths with the same care he counted dials and days for. He doesn't answer Jan, but she doesn't ask again; maybe his expression speaks volumes enough.
"I don't need your help." Steve could feel every muscle in his body tense. Merlin, why was this so
"Got in late," Carol grunted. Her gaze drifted from Tony to Steve, too speculative. "You?"
It's stupid, that's what it is. Steve might be brave in a fist fight, or faced with certain doom, but when it comes to taking his feelings out into the light, he clams up tighter than an oil drum. He just can't get the words out to express or act on any of those feelings at all. He swallows his jealousy away and packs it inside that box in his head that he uses for thinking about romance. It's something to look at later. Now is not the time.
"It's optional," Jen said. "If kissing me sounds
Steve hated that they were in this situation, that he couldn’t help more.
" He sipped at his coffee and regarded Steve calmly. "I suppose I could still
Steve can feel when Tony starts to understand, just from the familiarity of the intimate gesture. He smiles, slow and warm. He's not scared. He thought he might be. As brave as he is on the battlefield, his love life's always been nothing but nightmares. Until now.
"I just wanted to know if he's ever said anything about me," Steve says, looking crestfallen.
Santa woes, I'm afraid." He shot Tony a surly glance. "Bet you've already got it figured out."
going to be problematic, if Steve was just going to continue to make so many needy, eager responses like that. "I couldn't wait."
Please. One more time. For me. C'mon."
what I wanted."
The New York Times once described parking structures as "the grim afterthought of American design" and Steve couldn’t say he disagreed. He understood the concept of utility and need, but surely a little aesthetic thought wasn’t too much to ask? But no, instead, the Avengers were currently being forced to sweep every single level of the ugliest enclosed parking garage Steve had encountered yet in this decade.
When he had to pull back, Steve rested his forehead against Tony’s and enjoyed the extremities of Tony’s smile, which was all he could see of it this close. He could feel Tony’s heartbeat against his fingers. He wouldn’t take that for granted ever again.
Tony inclined his head in acknowledgment. "Perhaps."
Steve had woken up panting and disoriented more times than he cared to admit over the last few weeks, because his nightmares had taken that slim margin that had resulted in Tony's survival and crushed it. In the worst of those dreams, Steve had also been found too late, Tony's corpse lying on him, Steve choking on his blood.
Steve almost has goosebumps just from the sound of it, but it might be Iron Man's very human hand, gripping onto Steve's wrist like Steve really has just rescued him from imminent doom.
"Thought about it too," Tony admitted, right into the slick, warm space of Steve's mouth.
"Just a minute," Tony echoed, and looped his hands around Steve's neck encouragingly.
Steve focused on following Tony’s instructions to retrieve the aforementioned strip of fabric. When Steve’s fingers slowly closed in on it, Steve couldn’t believe it was the right object—it felt like just a tiny piece of foil.
″I'll romanticize
"Well, there is that."
"Good," Tony says. "You deserve to be happy."
Tony grinned. "Everyone loves the roller skates."
"Latveria sends us a Christmas tree every year," Steve sounded out the concept slowly.
It happened fast, that's what he knew for sure. If no one expected the Spanish Inquisition, what the fuck would they term an invasion of Dark Elves, because they had magic and callous mischief on their side and weren't afraid to copiously deploy both for maximum chaotic impact?
"Hm," Steve said, disingenuously, "guess the USB stick with it on was in my pocket all along. Look at that."
"You're not a mess," Steve says, gently. He's the mess. Internally. His inner self is shrieking in joy now he knows Tony's talking about
Tony stopped suppressing his smirk. "You know me too well. Only it wasn't scissors." Steve looked confused until Tony held up his hand, palm forward.
The inter-house war spilled out on Hogwarts' corridors. Textbooks were stuffed with charms designed to explode when the target opened them to a particular page. Howlers were sent during dinner, shrieking embarrassing gossip and secrets at a volume impossible to ignore. Someone turned Sam Wilson's hair blue for a week while he slept.
"I knew," Steve said, slowly, "that if
a name that bears a weight in modern society that Steve thinks might be a lot like the pressure of the name
"I assure you, he is." Iron Man paused. "You and the Avengers are the closest thing to a family I’ve had in years. It’s been an adjustment. I’m not used to it, you see."
"Moving up," Steve added, matching Iron Man’s increased pace as they headed for the ramp.
"It's not like it's just you," Steve retorted. "I mean, obviously I have feelings for you too—"
When Iron Man brings them all a third invitation, the following day, Steve doesn't know what possesses him to suggest that the Avengers attend in uniform, but it feels right when he says it. Jan sighs, but admits she's pleased she doesn't have to make a third dress. It means he'll be wearing a mask, but it's his usual one. No red-and-gold feathers. Just Captain America. Just Steve.
"Tony," Steve said, and his voice sounded rough, and Tony had to be imagining that, surely? Tony clenched one hand into a fist, digging his nails into his palm. He felt so unreal that he needed the sharp pain of it. It was wishful thinking. It had to be.
"It's fine," Steve said, in that wet-eyed, tight-throat, shoulders-bunched way which meant the direct opposite, but he'd made himself vulnerable enough for now. "I understand."
Tony glanced up at the rearview mirror again, expecting to see Happy still amused at his expense, but there was a soft smile on Happy Hogan's round face. Happy was a good man; Tony was lucky to have him. It was a shame that he hadn't been able to keep Iron Man's identity from Happy, as the knowledge seemed to put him in danger more often than not, but at the same time, it was nice to have someone as dependable and kind as Happy to share the secret with.
"You heard everything?" Steve's voice was small.
"No," Tony said, "
"That's true enough," a different voice interjected.
Now Tony's resetting too. Same position. Curled up.
Steve smiles, more confidently than he feels. It is a great idea, he thinks. The Avengers really worked better after the event, and more time is just what Steve needs, to find the right words. He'll take Tony out on the balcony and confess everything, and see what happens. It's all good.
"Tony will pull through this, Steve," Carol said, softly. "He's been through
of people behind him, loving him, being so proud to know him; to call him one of their own.
″What's going on? Tony?
"I must," Iron Man said.
"Precisely." Tony took pity on Steve. "We get the tree every year as a gift from Latveria, in return for—I honestly don't remember. It may have been the Dark Dimension invasion. Or perhaps it was a bribe to stop us continually abusing his time platform. Anyway. We're promised the most
"Ten hours?" Tony repeats, sounding dazed. He stares at Steve and shakes; Steve gathers him in his arm and holds him close, even though they're getting stared at by Jan, Carol, Hank, and Sam for the intimacy of their embrace. Let them look, Steve thinks, tugging Tony closer. Let them stare as much as they like.
There wasn't much space between their faces, Tony realized. It would only take the slightest movement. It would only take the slightest moment of bravery. He could close his eyes and press forward and they—they would be kissing. Tony would be kissing Steve. Was that a thought that he should be having during a waking hour? He didn't know. Words felt impossible. Steve's lips were parted a little and his chest was heaving like he'd run a mile, like he
Steve takes advantage of the cold air to stand and gather his thoughts. The temperature also helps dampen his body's enthusiasm. Even without Iron Man's—
"You looked a little cornered," Steve says, smiling politely at Iron Man, because if he doesn't temper his expression into something socially reasonable, he might just end up grinning uncontrollably.
And there's been rumors of us being together for
He was nearly as good at it as Steve was at kissing; Tony regretted and was pleased all at once that not many people would understand how much of a comparison that was.
"You did the right thing," Carol said.
Because on the other side of the teleportation platform, Steve was there, kneeling over Tony's unconscious body, looking absolutely distraught. Blue energy was crackling over the surface of Tony's armor.
″So this is how Tony Stark suavely appears in a suit moments after Iron Man disappears,″ Steve said, slowly, gripping for the shirt first, and hoping whatever magical technological process turned a tiny strip of fabric into full-sized clothing was relatively sanitary.
Steve could still see a hint of his mother’s kindness in his eyes when he looked at his own reflection; he could see a little of the way his father’s hair had swept over his forehead. It was enough to remind him of who was really inhabiting this fast and strong body. He assumed, one day, he would settle into his strength and it would feel like slipping on a pair of perfectly worn shoes, but it hadn’t happened yet.
"I didn't break," Tony argued. "I wiggled your back-door lock a little. You should get a better one. But the entering, yeah, my bad." He lined up the latch, squinting at it carefully. "I'm nearly done, though. Then I'll be out of your hair. For good," he added, in a vicious, unhappy tone.
"Just a little," Iron Man agrees, tugging Steve onto the dance floor.
When Tony takes a day off, Steve doesn't complain anymore. He still counts the days, though, every single day, even the breaks. It's the only way to be sure all that time is real and not an illusion.
"Steve's gone," Tony said.
Tony stares at him, a wondering expression crossing his face, and then he draws Steve in quickly, kissing him thoroughly.
Tony frowned. Steve looked distinctly unimpressed, verging on angry. Tony knew that look; Steve meant business. "Can I at least get some recovery time first?" Steve looked unconvinced. "I need a lot of time. In bed. To get better." Steve was definitely being swayed. "In bed."
time of year, you mean," Robbie snarked, and then looked guilty like he'd only just realized who he'd been overly familiar with. "Uh, sorry. I'm just tired."
"A lot of people say he's intimidating to talk to," Tony sighs.
So, it was kind of a stalemate.
going to let go. Okay. That was fine. Tony could work with that.
, and instead, he ended up sending Professor Eitri floating in a giant bubble to the rafters of the dining room. Eitri had a hatred of heights; he promptly quit, as soon as he landed back on the ground.
Oh. They're talking about Iron Man's amazing armor. It folds up? Steve blinks. Well, he supposes that makes sense.
"He is...very concerned for our dearest brother," Thor said, his voice a warm rumble. Tony's eyes might have stung, if Tony had been in his physical body. Instead, he felt himself
And then the world somehow zooms back into focus, and Steve realizes what's actually going on.
forward and backward, but today…. It just wasn't happening. He could barely summon a tiny curl of fire from his wand tip.
at them all being in this much trouble, even though he was being yelled at too. "The Sorting Hat certainly thought so."
meant "Gall, Outrage and Oppose Doom Because You'reall Extremelybadpeople."
Carol nodded, crossing the floor and taking a chair opposite from Steve. "How are you doing?"
"Oh my
Maybe he needed to burn it and just buy the hospital a brand new one.
Day 512. Tony hasn't eaten since Day 490. It doesn't seem to matter—they wake up every day physically reset. Steve's sure of that—he wakes up every day straining to pee, no matter how much or how little he's drunk the day before.
were protecting your reputation from
"I wanna see if we can." Steve's gaze flickered to the door, like it was see-through, like he could see the others beyond it, before he returned to staring intently at Tony. "I don't—the others—"
"He's okay," Jen breathed, somewhere out of Tony's range of blurry, streaking, light-filled vision.
Tony shrugs:
ask him on a date? Steve shivers and Iron Man cocks his head in a way that makes Steve blurt something else out, before he says or does something dumb and ruins his friendship with Iron Man in the process.
Tony's vision split, doubled, ricocheted, because Steve was hard too, unmistakably so; his bulge briefly pressed up against Tony's; Tony's fingers clenched hopelessly against Steve's skull. The tiny storage closet was an embrace, holding them together. Tony's hand scraped against the firm body pressed against his own, urging Steve to thrust their hips together again; he nearly yelped when Steve's hands slipped lower, cupping his ass, lifting him up, pushing him onto the shelf so he was perched awkwardly. He would fall if Steve moved. Tony widened his legs automatically, guiding Steve in closer, and his hands locked together around Steve's neck as Steve's lips returned to his.
Tony muttered about it all the way to Steve's house, but when he got there, Steve wasn't home. He must have taken baby Sarah out. Maybe to get her registered with a doctor, Tony thought victoriously. He considered bagging the items up and writing out a note, but then Tony re-thought it, jogged back to his car, pulled his toolkit out of his trunk, and promptly broke into Steve's house, picking the lock on the back door, internally sighing at the lack of bolts on that entrance.
Steve felt a small rush of shame. It was a logical notion, but he couldn’t deny there was a selfish streak to the request. He wanted to know. It was like an itch in his chest that had been growing for months, ever since the day they met. Since the moment Steve had woken up to the sights of his own frantic face as a smear of a reflection in a golden mask.
"It's better to ask first, when it comes to Stark," Thor's voice rumbled.
"I...wondered," Steve said, still mumbling. His cheeks were pink. "That's why I couldn't tell you. About Sarah."
Steve wrinkled his nose. "You're Iron Man."
"Just—the location. I thought maybe you'd put it in the corner, if you were gonna hang it. Here's dangerous." Steve squinted up at Tony. "Anyone could end up underneath."
"You don't have to leave on my account," Steve said, putting his water down at the table, starting to pull a chair out right next to where Tony was still seated, somewhat frozen. Steve knew he was Iron Man. Just from his eyes and height and build? Did that mean Tony's identity was vulnerable now? Did Steve already know and was messing with him?
He had a vain hope he could finish installing everything as a
It would be a long time before he would discover it wasn’t just wishful thinking.
Iron Man creaked out a noise. "Well, I suppose I’m not." He exhaled noisily. "You know the real problem with this building?″
Steve frowns. Tony Stark's been nothing but nice to them all since agreeing to fund and house the Avengers. Especially now they're relying solely on his money. He hates it when Iron Man slyly makes digs at his own employer. Shouldn't Iron Man be nicer to the person he's vowed to protect?
Tony stares at him, his eyes a little wet. "This still could be Narnia," Tony says. As better as they've become at clarifying emotions, Tony still changes the subject when he's feeling too vulnerable. "It
were there. Any time I flagged, the Invincible Iron Man was always battling, just a regular human throwing himself at bad guys, trussed up in a fancy tin can—"
Tony Stark had a weakness he didn't want anyone to know about. His heart troubles were still relatively unknown, but there was a weakness he wanted to keep under wraps just as tightly as he kept a hold on Iron Man's secret identity: kids. Particularly sad kids. Even more specifically: sad, sick, lonely kids stuck in a hospital for the holiday period.
Right. Of course. "
Steve snorted. "Too stubborn to die?"
Tony shakes his head fondly. "I wish I had your enthusiasm, Cap."
Steve also loudly refused to let Tony give up being Iron Man. When Tony protested, Steve promptly blackmailed him with Sarah's happiness, insisting Sarah would
Tony blinks a few times in a row, realizing Steve knows
family?"
It was probably because he was so desperate for it to be true. Steve was about to stutter an apology for misreading the situation, when Tony continued talking and Steve forgot how to breathe for a moment.
Jan's eyebrows furrowed. "No." Her frown deepened even further. "What do you mean
"But he was hot enough regardless, right?" Jan presses, while Steve is dying of mortification. He should leave, except maybe that would be incriminating?
Steve ignores her, mainly because he's weirdly jealous. Iron Man's his friend. He should have been the one to—Wait, that's a weird train of thought. Iron Man is his partner in fighting, not in anything else, but seeing Jan touch him like that...huh. Jealous is the right word, apparently. Steve feels heat rising to his cheeks a little and he's glad no one's looking his way. He knew Iron Man was his favorite person in this decade, but he hadn't realized he might like him more than just as a friend or a colleague.
that Tony couldn't find it in himself to stop it. He didn't know how long they were kissing for – time surely had to be passing, but Tony couldn't wrap his mind around that concept, not when his brain was chanting Steve's name, over and over. Tony might have been
"I guess so?" Iron Man's voice pitches higher than a question normally would sound.
the pilot behind Iron Man, Steve feels like he hoovers each one up eagerly.
the mask as a grown adult was beyond humiliating. Better for Tony to wear one more mask so he could pretend to be a functioning person. "But—you're going to laugh."
vulnerabilities that had him running for humor.
Happy beamed. "You can call me Happy, if you like. Everyone does. Except today I guess you can call me Rudolph."
Steve's face creased. He was closer to Tony now. Tony had been so focused on stewing that he hadn't noticed Steve even move.
brain a little mushy too. He still hadn't quite yet announced his intention to co-parent Sarah, but once they were both safely in New York, it was only a matter of time. Steve had to know that. Tony held his breath as he waited to see what Steve did next. He should probably turn Tony into SHIELD, now he was the world's most infamous supervillain.
Iron Man pauses before answering, "I couldn't say it was
"Happy," Steve repeated, nodding firmly. "I'll remember that too." His eyes darted from Tony in the Santa suit, to the cookies, and back to Tony. "It's nice to see you in a different suit, Shell-head. Suits you."
"I wasn't asking to know your feelings," Tony said, slowly, even though Steve couldn't hear him. "I just didn't want to be the thing ruining your reputation. I didn't want to be something you covered up or apologized for."
"Uh," Steve manages. "Yes. Very nice."
"I don't mind," Steve offers.
No. Probably not. Tony's ego was bandied around so easily when people talked about him, like it was some massive thing, like he didn't care about anyone but himself. Like it swallowed up all the good things he did, bigger than all the charity work he did, or the hours he put in to make sure his employees were safe and protected. They were wrong. Tony's reputation might be a fucking tire fire, but he didn't deserve to be used. Not by anyone.
unconscious. Steve
everything properly – but Tony used the opening to drag him into another passionate kiss. Right out there in the open. Where anyone could see.
Tony had to kiss him for that, because it was just so
"Hmm," Iron Man says, "I can't see your ass from this angle very well. But I presume it's a nice one, or you wouldn't have bothered wearing an outfit involving tights."
Except the Avengers won't
"Of course," Tony lied. "Who did you get?"
It wasn't like Tony wasn't still having a good time. It was hard to explain.
Steve takes a quick look over to the balcony door as she leads him to the floor. He'll be able to see if Tony manages to come back to the ball. And if he doesn't, well.
Robbie, Tony realized slowly. It was Robbie. And from his words, it was clear he wasn't alone. Tony opened his eyes and found Steve wordlessly staring back at him. There was a hint of panic on Steve's face that Tony identified with; he didn't want the Avengers to see them both like this, seconds out of a passionate clinch.
has an amazon wishlist as long as the list of supervillain research homework I've got left to do."
Steve stared up at him. It didn’t feel real. Tony’s face was a patchwork of shadows in the open helmet, an assembly of pieces that made painful, terrible sense as a whole. Steve had so many things he wanted to say—so many events suddenly made clear,
coming.
reputation would affect
It was a couple more weeks until Tony was allowed up; it would be several more weeks of intense physiotherapy.
Not even Iron Man. Or Tony Stark.
"Making your house baby-proof," Tony said, in the key of
"I don't like the idea of any of us being alone right now," Jen said, shaking her head at Tony. "C'mon, Stark, wake the hell up. You're freaking us out. And Steve's freaking us out too."
There had been a spill of some kind, over near the entrance Tony had come through as Santa—the kids were unwell to start with and adding party food and excitement to the occasion was probably a bad idea—and Tony had ended up having to leave through the main entrance of the hospital. Which meant maintaining the illusion, because the hospital had large windows, and there were already children pressed up against the glass, staring to see where Santa went. Santa couldn't exactly skulk off around the corner of the hospital.
For a moment, Tony didn't feel like an idiot. For a moment, there was something in Steve's eyes that was encouraging, a quirk of life in his beautiful blue eyes that had Tony's heartrate increasing in wild, unrestrained hope.
"You have me and Pep," Happy said loyally. "And the Avengers."
When they first met, Steve had initially assumed Iron Man was just hired muscle, maybe a veteran of some kind. An ex-soldier would be the right kind of crazy to hurl themselves at villains dressed only in an—admittedly miraculous—metal tin can. But, as time went on, it was becoming more clear that Iron Man was a
Tony nodded throughout it all, shell-shocked. Steve had a baby. An actual baby. For real. That was legally his.
of every single moment of it.
As far as Steve was concerned, the last time they'd talked (argued), Tony hadn't wanted much to do with him. Steve hadn't known how wrong he was.
"Oh," Steve said, his voice deceptively neutral, "well, that's the good thing about the world." He starts to move away from Tony's side, shooting him an almost wicked smile, probably because everyone else's attention was on the tree and not them. "It's always a holiday somewhere."
Steve gasps, unable to breathe for a moment, hands scrambling to find purchase on the wall Tony's pushed him into. His fingers grip into stone and slip.
Tony, because of course it is.
Dark elves weren't Tony's favorite opponents, but they weren't exactly
"I think I might like Iron Man," Steve says, a little hurriedly. He looks at Tony with a shy expression. "I'm really sorry."
here?"
Steve moved his arm slowly, carefully, making sure not to jostle him. If he could peel up his uniform, tug out some of his undershirt, he could pack some of the cloth into Iron Man’s wound. It would hopefully slow the bleeding. He was reluctant, because wound-packing hurt like
"Nothing
The other Gryffindors had taken sides, of course – it had been years since Tony's less-than-graceful introduction to Hogwarts. Most people had forgotten Tony’s weird crazy outbursts, or had taken them in stride. Tony had friends now, a far cry from their first year, when Steve had been Tony's only friend.
"Or Tony's made them fashionable," Steve says. He thinks he's managed to say Tony's name without sounding suspicious. Jan doesn't seem to react like he's said something odd. He feels like he's passed some sort of test he hasn't realized he was taking.
should have just—talked to Tony. Told him what he was feeling. Except, how could Steve put it all into words? When he
"I'm glad you managed to get him to go take a shower," Jen murmured. "I think he was going to become
"That's a shame because the mental image is amazing," Carol grins at him. She's right. Steve's hit by a mental image of a guy having to haul the full Iron Man armor around like it's a suit of old armor like knights wore. It is amusing to think about someone trying to explain that.
Oh, no. No. No, no, no. Tony was losing
feel the shadows pushing down on his spine. He has a headache. The light is too much. The dark is worse. Tony never used to know how to handle Steve in a mood, besides giving him things to destroy, but now Tony just fucks him through it. Lets Steve ramble out all of the things he's worried about, while Steve's body slowly heats to meet the crescendo Tony's tipping him towards, one thrust or stroke at a time.
how fucking messed up he was by Steve's words. "You, me, whatever the fuck you think it is we have going on here. It's done. I'm done."
It had been stripped clean of anything which said this room was Steve's. No clothes. None of the photos Steve had carefully balanced on the 1930s style furniture he and Jan had so carefully sourced to help make Steve feel at home here. None of the little sketches Steve seemed to leave everywhere.
Then again, Steve didn't think hallucinations were supposed to hurt this much. Steve stared upward at Tony's gaunt, tense expression. If he was hallucinating, then he'd just be a mad man gibbering to himself. If this was real, then Steve had some goddamned words to say.
Steve put a hand on Tony's cheek, large and strong. "It was easier when I didn't know for sure how you felt."
When Tony's response is to kiss him, Steve's too shocked to do anything
"Sometimes." Tony probably sounded more cheerful than he should be.
even when Steve was at his worst. Steve pulled back and leaned his forehead against Tony's, his breathing rough again. "I meant what I said out there," Steve said, softly. "It's...usually a holiday
"Just until we're—" Steve gestured awkwardly. "Sure. You know?
Steve frowns. "Are you having trouble finding the right words?" That's something he can definitely understand, because he still hasn't formulated the right way to let Tony know that Steve knows he's Iron Man. Not without having an awkward conversation he
a bushy beard? Wouldn't he just slop milk all over his sleigh?"
have family. A partner, a friend—"
they, when I don't know myself?"
″I don't think that word means what you think it means,″ Steve said, hysterically.
and no one would know it was him. The thought is thrilling, even if Steve knows that he probably won't do anything with the thought. It's enough for him right now to just think about doing it.
“I think your current diagnosis might not be too difficult to make.”
It didn't help that professionally – both as an Avenger and as an industrialist inventor – he felt like he was stuck going in circles. On the work front, Tony was still sorting out paperwork from the collapse of eSCAPE,
There's something in the downturned slopes of Tony's shoulders that makes Steve heart ache in sympathy. "C'mon," he says, firmly. "I won't take no for an answer."
"I just—" Steve couldn’t shrug without hurting both of them. What was the point of holding words back now? "I hate the idea of it. The idea of never getting to say your real name. I’d regret that. I’d regret… never getting to
kind of an idiot."
a small voice asks in his head, but Steve shushes that voice away. Now is for marveling at the amazing technology that makes up the Invincible Iron Man. Getting a peek behind that miraculous curtain.
"Why isn't he waking up, Doctor?" T'Challa asked, his voice lower this time. Tony had heard that tone before; usually when he was talking about his own family. Huh. T'Challa actually gave a shit about him? Well, Tony thought, there were still some surprising new things to learn about the world that were a little more cheerful than no one being able to figure out why Tony was freaking
Happy beamed at the invitation. "I'm sure I can squeeze a snack in—but one question."
They were better off as friends, but Tony didn't even seem to want that much.
After testing the lights and wrapping them around the tree, Tony levered the lid off the next box and pulled a face. He'd left a list for Bethany to finish acquiring some of the things he needed – fresh tinsel was always necessary, because somehow it never survived the season – but apparently she'd added mistletoe into the mix and there was a tray of it nestled above the tinsel with a post-it note saying "Enjoy!" Maybe he should fire her, especially because she'd added a little pink-highlighter heart to the note, but that would be a mean thing to do considering the season. And also dumb, because despite the Controller incident, Bethany was the best damn Head of Security he'd had for a long time. Tony pulled out a sprig and frowned at it.
"Because you always have to get involved." Steve's jaw was clenched mulishly; he ran his spare hand through his hair, leaving it stuck up every which way. Tony had the instant urge to comb it flat again and he swallowed; trying to do that would just prove Steve right. "This isn't your kid, Tony. She's mine. I'm going to raise her however damn well I please."
jealous of Doctor Strange, and Steve uses the jar of mustard they both hate to draw a target on the wall. Tony invents a ridiculous point system and more importantly, Steve
"He's not dead," Robbie said, smiling waveringly at Steve as Tony still spluttered over that moment of horrific invasion. "I'd know. If anyone would know, I would."
kind of crazy.
Steve glared at him. Tony stared back, smug, like he'd won this weird argument. ″Wants,″ Steve muttered, after a long pause.
"Is it gonna be milk and cookies?" Happy waggled his eyebrows.
Steve narrowed his eyes. "We're not supposed to tell," he said, in a firm voice, before smirking, "but if you had any idea what someone whose name rhymed with, say...
an invitation," Steve said, with a high-pitched laugh that could be joking, or might be hysteria, but either way, it did cause Steve to pull his hand away from Tony's and that was probably a good thing.
just before – I never thought—"
"Okay," Tony said, faintly. "Sure."
"I startled
Tony was smirking a little bit, like it was pretty hilarious. Steve didn't realize until he saw what it was—a full suit, jacket and pants, and there was a tie and a shirt too. Steve blinked.
Steve stared back, looking slightly wild. "Why aren't you?"
with Iron Man?
It was probably good that he hadn't tried to kiss Steve under the mistletoe. He'd probably have fallen promptly off the ladder and embarrassed himself.
Steve quirked a smile at that. "So that's why he was bitching a few years back about how to paint over scorch marks.”
mine is the one that's a tire fire – we talked about
what it is I'm feeling. If I manage to get it out in words, then these misunderstandings wouldn't happen the way they do. If I could have talked, I wouldn't have gotten too far into things with Bernie when my heart wasn't fully in it. I wouldn't have let Rachel take me over lines I wasn't happy crossing. And Sharon – Sharon wouldn't have—" Steve closed his eyes and shuddered, unable to finish the end of whatever that sentence would have been. "It's a lie that I don't know what my feelings are. I know exactly what I'm feeling, but I get scared. I get scared, and I run away. Instead of just
"Yes," Steve said.
It has to be Iron Man. Steve's never been so positive about something before in his life. He's wearing a blue and silver embroidered jacket that looks like it belongs in a Disney movie too, a white ruffled shirt, and he is wearing a mask covered in outlandishly large peacock feathers. The clincher, though, is the pants. They're not even pants, really; they're so soft and they cling snugly to Iron Man's distinctive thighs.
"Hm, I haven't done a good enough job, if you're still able to think," Iron Man says.
"Oh," Steve said, ever eloquent. "The A-force techs finished installing that new biological-matter scanner in the med lab yesterday; I can carry the tree up there for you, that might save you some time?"
"He could."
"Awkward," Tony sang under his breath as loudly as he dared; Steve's hearing was excellent, he'd hear it.
"Is it stupid to ask how you are?" Steve finally found his voice.
and Steve waggles his eyebrows, and that's how an hour later, they're lining up food items on the table, and Steve's pulled down the light covering to make an impromptu golf club. They take down one of the curtains and Tony immediately wears it as a cape, admitting he's always been a
"At least fifteen minutes," Steve said, striding across his paper-graveyard and tossing Tony onto his desk before Tony could protest that T'Challa would probably come looking for them to come back to the meeting in five minutes, maximum.
Steve can still feel the lump in his throat and chest that he'd had for the period of time Tony mentally checked out. He can't express how he's feeling, so he just reaches out and takes Tony's hand in his, tangling their fingers together. From the way Tony clings back, he thinks Tony understands the words he didn't say anyway.
Amazing really doesn't cover it.
. Charms had been irritating him this year in general, and he tried and failed not to think about the teaching student that was their current Professor – Janet van Dyne. She was a prodigy, apparently. She was pretty much every Hogwart student's current crush, and somehow, she seemed to have an especially soft spot for Tony Stark. Steve inevitably spent most of Charms grinding his teeth and glaring at Professor Van Dyne for the friendly way she chatted to Tony, as compared to the brisk and professional way she talked to everyone else.
"Serves you right for writing your schedule on a cannibal's face," Jen joked.
Tony slid his gaze slowly to Steve. It felt like half the oxygen had somehow been sucked from the room.
"Well. Let's just say it's not the
"Whatever you want," Tony said, meaning every word.
"Would you have time to join me for supper before you go? Or is Pepper expecting you back?"
"Throw one more of these," Steve says, and then freezes. What the hell? He manages a coherent sentence, and it's that? He swallows hard, his throat dry. If his subconscious wants another shot, and if Tony's willing to go that far to oblige the strange request, then Steve has to commit to it. No excuses, this time. "Throw one more of these. I promise I'll be there."
done it voluntarily. There was no question of that.
Apparently Steve hadn't quite gotten the
"Let me get that one," Steve offered; it was nice that he'd only paused for a
but there was a nervous energy below that, and a caged sort of
leggings this time and Steve thinks he's going to die. Cause of death: Tony Stark. God, that would be an embarrassing obituary. Thankfully the public doesn't know Captain America's real name, so at least Steve could be buried honestly, without taking the Captain America mantle down with him.
. They were still cleaning up remnants of the War of the Realms, pockets of creatures that Malekith had conveniently "forgotten" to inform that the war was over. There was all the usual and ever-present strain of the ongoing threats – Starbrand, the Power Elite, the Supreme Squadron, the Russians.
he didn't know what to say.
as they were wont to do—Tony was tired. Which was why as soon as they got to the Mansion, the only concession to comfort that Tony made was tugging off the beard and pocketing it.
At first, the interruptions had felt somewhat exciting:
Isaac did. He had Tony's bright blue eyes, and now Steve had
"I'm sorry," she said, lifting up her wand. "We can't have you in the way. His plans – oh, the Dark Lord's plans – they're going to be so
A horrible, practical voice said if Tony died, Steve could risk snapping the pole, try to dig his way out. How could his strategic mind still be ticking like that, when his active mind—the part that admired Iron Man so much—said if Tony died, Steve should just close his eyes and hope not to be found? This parking structure was as ugly as sin; functioning as a tomb would suit it far better.
Steve had obviously already given permission for them to join in the decorating: a Tony of ten minutes ago might have taken umbrage at Steve taking such a liberty, but
Tony's wearing even
The world right now was noise and pain and blurry lines of gray and a whistling noise in the back of his skull that was so high-pitched it made his vision blur.
