Cas was suddenly thrown back into his surroundings.
“He is a high-ranking demon; I doubt he will fold easily.”
Amen.”
Chuck swallows the bite of pancake in his mouth before answering. “Uh, it makes Cas more well-rounded as a character.”
“I think my humanity explains past you’s attraction to me.”
“What about the bed?”
“You need a handmade shelf for that book, Cas. Like outta walnut or something.”
“Why not? Hum?” He kissed the top of the shorter man’s head.
Dean laughs at the blonde’s question as he bites into the best burger of his existence.
‘We have the names of the Chosen, we can make you talk.”
This room was perfected for entrapment.
Dean takes his eyes off the road momentarily to quickly kiss his husband, both still smiling.
“And what, huh? You would’ve just taken me and we would’ve sailed off into the sunset together?”
Dean casts a questioning brow to Cas.
“That is exactly what you are doing.” The idiom didn’t sound quite right, but he thought it best not to mention that.
The Seraph appears startled, a hint of confusion in a sea of blue. “He tortured souls in Hell, I saw him at work, we would be foolish to think any of our methods would cause him to divulge information.”
Sir had given her explicit instructions and the creature posing as Hannah intended to follow them to the letter. However, displeasure was written across her borrowed face as she scanned the outside of the apartment complex she was meant to inhabit. The building was dilapidated, needing repair in every way imaginable. The brick was crumbling, cracks were running through the mortar, ivy was growing into those cracks, making a type of concrete jungle.
But letting Sam Winchester, the boy with the demon blood, out? What was the means to this end? Should he know? Was this something he was not allowed to know? Was this above his pay grade? Why did he even know that term?
“Seemingly illegal?”
“Doesn’t matter. You take me. Just take me.”
“Crap, I forgot where we were for a minute there.” He said breathlessly.
The creature begins the unpleasant tasks of removing Hannah’s fingerprints and grinding all recognizable shape from her teeth. When it is done it looks upward. Hannah’s body vanishes. The creature replaces the painting, taking extra precautions to not touch the blade.
“Help!”
*******
“If you want our help, why the hell didn’t you just ask?”
“Hum.”
Castiel once more nods.
Chuck, again, shook his head knowing the moment they were about to delve into, the moment he was about to write into a masterpiece – was the moment that changed
*******
“Hello, Sam.”
*******
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. “Why did he leave, Dean?”
*******
“Yes, Sir.”
“We forgave each other in purgatory, Dean. We should have not been so involved in ourselves that Sam had to hold off hellhounds on his own. And I imagine this was only the final cup.”
Castiel nods solemnly.
“Yeah, Cas. Uh, we probably don’t hunt exactly the same, man.”
And Ellen did. She lost her first husband in a hunting accident, and if anyone knew how hard it was coming home to an empty house it was Ellen Harvelle. So, between the shared pain (although Dean knew his was far less than his pseudo-mother’s) and the copious amount of alcohol, Dean Winchester let down his defenses.
“Dean.”
He looks to Dean, hoping the man will for once see the good side of a thing. “What just happened, you and Sam just saved a seal, we captured Alastair. Dean, this was a victory.”
“Welcome to Heaven, friend. I am Luke.”
Dean had no intention for anything to slip. He had every intention of shrugging his shoulders and making Sam pull a legendary bitchface.
Zachariah’s multiple eyes scan the host before him, hoping to find someone else to volunteer for the mission handed down from God himself, but his hopes are unfounded and he looks to Castiel, the only angel willing to brave the hordes of Hell alone to save the righteous man.
He looked up when his two visitors entered. Victoria took a pair of gloves from the box on the wall and put them on. Sam followed suit.
Castiel takes the clothes from Dean’s hands and shuffles into the bathroom.
John didn’t see Mary kicking him out as his fault, he saw it as Dean’s. Because at the end of the day, it was Dean’s actions that made John act the way he did. It wasn’t his fault, he was only reacting the way he needed to as a father, but Mary didn’t see it that way.
The angel does not know what Dean is seeking in his vessel’s eyes, but he does not break the connection, hoping Dean will see his grace, and feel their connection. He wills it, he hopes it, he wants his champion to see that he is truly on his side. He watches intently as Dean’s tongue licks his bottom lip, wondering what that the human motion meant. He continues to look, and he feels it, the heat he felt before. This time he is not angry, so it is not his grace. He wonders what the electricity means, and where it’s coming from. He is not able to think too long, however, because the youngest Winchester commands both of their attention.
Dean bows his head and licks his bottom lip, tears forming in green eyes.
. The hug expressed everything, and just like the first time the two men embraced, it was everything.
pouring from Cas’s words melting him. Sam could see it, and as much as Sam felt like he was intruding, he knew he was needed for this.
“Hum. I suppose that depends on your definition of enjoyment, demon.”
The angel removes his superior’s hand from his lapel. “I understand that I no longer truly understand our mission. I understand that something is wrong here, and I do not know what.”
She turns around, and offers him a wistful smile, and he immediately knows from the gesture he will be so very much on his own.
“There were far more happenstances than the hounds of Hell whining, Crowley. Several rather
“Yeah. Exactly.”
Cas looked at her, gratefulness written in blue. “Oh, do you mind? Are you positive helping me will not get you into trouble with your manager?”
Dean kisses Cas’s temple as he bends down to retrieve the empty bowl from in front of him. Cas sends him a questioning glance accompanied by a grateful smile. Dean shrugs, wearing a smile all his own.
He doesn’t want her to go. He wants her, maybe even needs her. She understands. He wants her to instruct him, give him orders. Not because it is a type of habit, but because he wants a type of instruction only she can provide. An instruction that can come from centuries of intimate trust.
he was not privy to the sense of urgency with which Dean drove to Chuck’s, he didn’t understand Dean yearned for him too.
Blue eyes turn to him with wonder and admiration. “You will never cease to amaze me, Dean Winchester.”
“Cas, come on. I love you. I want you to be happy. I haven’t seen you that flirty since…”
“But the 45’s bigger.”
“I insist.” Mary took Victoria by the hand and led her out of Dean’s room.
Chuck nods, “Yeah. Wait you thought it was Cas?”
So, for the first time in a very long while Dean Winchester was alone, just as he felt he deserved to be. Tears escaped green eyes as he sunk further into the couch, hoping to disappear.
She loved making her uncle glare at her.
“Hello Claire.”
Uriel turns to his brother, malice in his many eyes. “I know not why we are to destroy this city, Castiel, I only intend to follow through with my orders.”
, beyond that - Buffalo, New York.
“You are not my brother, Lucifer.”
Dean sticks a spoonful of cereal in his mouth, milk dribbling down his chin. Castiel follows its path.
“What the hell happened to you, honey?”
Dean smiles at the verbiage. “Yeah, and uh, you ain’t had it either. We got the time, we got the place, lets just, lets try it, kay?”
Castiel’s eyes narrow at the odd nickname. His boyfriend’s brother had a nickname. From a demon.
He looks shocked to see them, surprise evident in his wide eyes.
Joe nods and looks up at the ceiling. He puts his palms against the counter to support the upper half of his body. “You…uh…you said you didn’t feel like that for him anymore.”
“Yeah, for now.” Sam gives his brother a shit-eating grin.
“Because whatever I ask, you seem to do the exact opposite.”
“Yes, Dean, he knows. However, I don’t think he would have to see it on my grace to know that.”
. Cas told Dean frequently how much he loved him, so
. Something Castiel barely dreamed to even wish.
, and
“So, what is this, where the hell am I?”
And in the years since? Dear Chuck, what he had had to deal with. There was that time Cas beat the bloody pulp out of Dean and brought him back to Bobby’s, hunter draped over his shoulder. “
A large shoe causes the creature to make a sickening ‘squish’ sound, and Castiel is forced to look away.
“Is that why you got the job of me?”
“These are good people. What, you think you can make a few exceptions?”
. But he couldn’t love Dean, not now, now he was hunted, and soon every angel would be looking for him, and they would be legion. He had to protect them, he had to protect
“Aren’t you supposed to shit talk him with me, you’re taking his side.”
“Screw you. You and your mission.”
“What am I supposed to do Cas, huh? Tell him to stop? Threaten him? What? What are your orders about that huh?”
Castiel often wondered what the answer to that very question was. He knew Dean was to be Michael’s sword, his true vessel, but for what purpose? Lucifer, yes, but they could stop the demons, he knew they could. There was something amiss, and Castiel wondered what exactly that was.
“So,” the celestial being continued, “some of us developed feelings, emotions within our grace. They were usually ‘corrected’ by Heaven. As I mentioned, I have been corrected many times. Our emotions can be seen on our grace, in our true forms. Most angels only have anger, or a type of pride, both of which are to be considered ‘righteous’. I, on the other hand, exhibit more emotions than those, and have been disciplined or ridiculed for it by my brethren.”
Sam was propped up on another chair, laptop in hand. “He won’t be joining us.”
“But that’s not why you did it?”
“Dude.”
He mutters a “thanks”, knowing not to look away from his opponent.
Dean relished the look on Cas’s face as they approached the fountain in the gardens that was sculpted by Dale Chihuly in 2004. The man sat on one of the benches to fully appreciate the beauty and fluidity of the blue and white sculpture. He leaned forward, as if to be closer to the fountain. He clasped his hands together between his knees, his face held a look of pure adoration for a talented man’s creation.
“Cut the crap you were gonna tell me something.”
He felt the Angel nod. “Yes, perhaps it was the connection made so long ago when I rebuilt you. Perhaps it is my grace that still lingers on your arm. Perhaps it is simply my love for you, that radiates throughout my grace in such strong waves other Angels, and some demons, feel the need to comment on it.”
“Thanks. Uh, you live around here?”
Cas smiles slightly and shakes his head before taking another swig of his beer.
“Yes, you did Dean. It’s fine, I promise. You need to rest.”
“I almost believe you,
“Hell yeah, you help Cas, I was a dick, man.”
“That was definitely Cas.”
“A fucking week?”
Screams leave the room and Castiel strains vainly not to hear them. He leans against a table, appreciating the support the furniture offers his vessel. He looks to the room as groans escape the demon from Dean’s inflicting pain. Pain racks the angel as well, his charge reliving his experiences in Hell on earth, an experience that was never meant to happen.
The angel reaches out and turns the Seraph around by his coat. “Listen here, you will obey, do you understand? You have no choice, Castiel.”
“Castiel has been underestimated at every turn, by every being, including you and your brother. He would have been able to handle the mark without any difficulty.”
Dean turns back over. “Did I?”
“What are you gonna do to Sam?”
*******
*******
that damn angel. And then there was that – the whole being an Angel thing.
Victoria took a deep breath and continued. “I can heal myself, other humans, and angels. I am a little stronger than most people, and I can smite.”
“Of course not, Dean. Humanity is beautiful, you know I admire your entire species, you and Sam especially.”
Dean pulls the angel’s body to his own and buries his face into the Seraph’s neck.
Dean nods without making eye contact.
Dean is not amused, but Sam continues. “Oh my God, I even wrote a fanfiction to deal with it, like an outlet. I mean I didn’t get graphic or anything because hello, brother, but I think it was a kiss after a hunt.” Sam continues laughing, ignoring his brother’s stare. “Oh my God, Claire read it at the wedding!!”
“Claire!”
A quizzical eyebrow sends quivers throughout Dean’s spine.
“What were you gonna do Uriel, were you gonna kill the whole garrison?”
Dean nods, obvious apprehension apparent in the gesture. How the fuck was Cas the chill one in this situation? Cas who had sex with one, well, two beings? And Dean being a fucking mess after being essentially a sex god. Deep down, well it wasn’t really even all that deep anymore was it? Dean knew
“I fixed up one of the extra rooms for you. It is getting late, and I thought it would be easier for you to stay here instead of trying to find some motel.” Mary Winchester looked at her boys as if she was daring them to contradict her. They didn’t.
Dean scoffed, “But, digestion, man.”
He can feel his grace leaving his form as he battles against it. His form is relieved when Alastair appears to start choking.
“Yeah, that’s nice, but uh, we need to get going.”
“You got the detail, huh?”
“I can’t promise you the future, my love. What I can promise you is my undying, un-expecting love for all eternity. I will be by your side, in this fight.”
Cas leans over to whisper in his ear before walking to the bedroom. “Although, I must admit, I am somewhat heartened to hear you ‘really want to’.”
He can hear a slight chuckle and imagines the angel taking a sip of his drink he always seemed to have before answering.
“You were not misreading anything, man. I told you last night, and I’ll tell you every day for as long as it takes, I fucking want you so bad, but…”
“Dean, it’s as if it happened today.”
I messed up last chapter and named the character "Merv" when it was supposed to be "Marv." Apparently I forgot Metatron's nickname, I am so sorry! I am going to go back and correct that, but this chapter will refer to him as "Marv". Sorry for the confusion!!
Cas hadn’t admitted it then, and he wouldn’t admit it now, but he enjoyed having Dean care for him because the first time he was human he had to fend for himself.
He looks back then, at Claire and her mother embracing. There is something the picture elicits, but there is no ability to put a tendril on what.
“The Impala is at The Roadhouse, Dean.”
The Seraph’s equivalent of human knees become weak as the realization of Lucifer’s rising once again dawns upon him – a promise made in hell that will be broken. He slumps involuntarily into his brother’s many arms, just as Naomi and Kushiel greet them.
“I abhor the shortened version of my name, brother. Please refrain from using it. Castiel is no longer under your control, Zachariah is the leader of his Garrison.”
“In a way?”
Castiel watches with one face as his sister focuses on the man in front of them. He narrows some of his eyes, attempting to place the look on his sister’s faces. If Castiel did not know the look to be impossible on his commander’s face, he would think it was a type of envy. Angel’s could not be envious, for if they were, they fell.
Dean licks his bottom lip as he looks at their intertwined fingers. “Is it because of your uh, job? Do you know Vic?”
“We are fine now, Sam.”
“Great.”
Dean places a bowl of shrimp and grits in front of Cas and one in front of Chuck. Begrudgingly, he might add. He adored cooking for Cas, but the in-law was not a pleasure. He sits next to Cas once he got his own bowl.
“Jack knew me when he was in the womb, yes, and he did miss me. But he couldn’t miss me entirely because he had never truly known me, not like he does now. He heard you that night, heard your pain, knew you resented him for my death. And he felt your soul call out to me, my grace, but it couldn’t reach as it had done so many times before. So, his grace responded to it, and he called out for me, waking me up. Not for himself, not for his soul, but for yours.”
A self-satisfied smug expression comes over the demon’s face. “Oh, really?”
*******
“Yeah, that.”
*******
That was right, wasn’t it? What Zachariah had said? Lilith, Lucifer’s first born, yes, that was correct. She was the one to raise the prince of hell and his hound, and instruct them to attack Camael, breaking a seal. Yes, that was the correct information.
Zachariah folds his hands in front of him as he watches Dean in the room from his place on a pristine white floor in the confines of one of Heaven’s many offices.
Cas nods, not wanting to interrupt.
“Hey Dean.”
“No.” An answer given too quickly with eyes averted to the spotless floor.
*******
“Dean.”
“Babe, talk to me.”
“What the hell?’
Cas sinks down in the seat and rests his head on the window.
Cas laughs as he turns to resume walking. “Are you this attentive to all your sources?”
She laughs slightly. “Take a picture of the finished product to show me.”
Thank you all so incredibly much for the kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks, and comments!! They mean so much to me!!
What was this?
“Mom…”
“We, you know…”
“Come ‘ere Babe.”
“Say it.”
He can feel Dean’s hesitation, his pain, and tendrils reach out to a handprint in a gesture of comfort as the man turns around.
world into a world he never truly expected, but rolled with nonetheless.
Cas smiles. “Always.”
Dean’s brow furrows.
Then it hits him, and he inquires:
It’s said angrily, intensely, because it has to be.
Sam shrugged, determined not to let anything get in the way of this.
“You’re worried, aren’t you?”
*******
“That’s the whole point.”
Green eyes settle into blue, and the hunter retakes his seat on the edge of the bed as he rubs his face.
Dean chuckles. “You randomly thinking about the mother of gods, Cas?”
Dean sniffs and chances a look at Sam, he hates (and loves) the sad smile he sees there.
“Lilith is the final seal. She dies, the end begins.”
“I perhaps have one of those faces?”
Cas sighs as he drinks more of his coffee. “I have a class this evening.”
Uriel laughs, a gesture that freezes Castiel’s vessel’s blood. “Ah, this one just won’t quit will he? I think I’m starting to like you, boy.” With a smile that is just as chilling as the laugh, Uriel leaves.
I felt so bad leaving y'all with the last chapter as it was such a rough one! This one is full of Cas, Dean, and Dean and Cas. Some parts of it are definitely fluffy, and I hope it does a fairly good job explaining both men's actions (especially Dean's). There is a part in here that is taken from 15x9, but it does not include spoilers, as it is used in a (slightly) different context.
“Then why are you here?”
“Those seals are being broken by Lilith.”
“Oh, on countless occasions.” He put the container on the table as he made them both a mimosa with the champagne and orange juice. “However, I prefer the term discerning.”
“You can buy dessert and bring it over.”
“Perfect timing, Cas.”
Judas allows tears to escape, which makes two small puddles beneath him. “I beg forgiveness, Angel. You know as well as I, He would grant it.”
*******
“Oh, everywhere.” As if to demonstrate that particular point, Dean began to unbutton his husband’s shirt.
“Yeah, I probably said some shit that made you uncomfortable last night.”
Cas stands up to do so, and Dean shouts at him before he can shut the door, “And bring me the coat, tie, pants, and trench coat. But put the boxers and white shirt and undershirt in the hamper in there.” Why the hell did Cas wear so many clothes? “Oh, and the socks!”
Sam smiles. “Well then, call him and apologize.”
The angel opens the door to hand him the suit and Dean marvels at how
His grace wavers, regret weaving throughout his form. “I would prefer another duty.”
Sam shook his head, “I don’t know, I know it’s only been six months, but I feel like we’ve been out of the game for a while. I’m happy that Victoria is leading this honestly, I think it will help us get back into the game slowly.”
Because he’s Chuck, the being has to put in his unwanted two cents before Cas’s story continues.
“Brother, why, if the Son speaks of mercy, is Heaven so unwilling to grant it?” Her face turns back to the Christ. “He would grant it.”
“It’s my ass isn’t it?”
“Clever use of words, Dean.”
Cas nods as he heads to his room. With a haste that surprises him, he packs all of his belongings into his suitcases. He carefully places the copy of “Beowulf” his twin bought for him in its special place in his suitcase.
Castiel looks to him then, his champion. A man fighting for souls he feels he ought to save. A man who feels unworthy of being saved, of being the exception. If only he could see how truly good and worthy he was.
“You have fallen from grace, brother. However, do not fear, you will be repaired, as you have been before.”
“Yes, she does seem very excited about it.”
Dean’s forehead, making sleep take him. Castiel draped the man over his shoulder.
Sam sighed and nodded, running a hand through his hair. “And until we determine what that is, they’re stuck.”
Bobby and Ellen make eye contact across the table and mirror smiles, amusement at their kids present in the gesture.
“There are a thousand people here.”
The angel stopped him from continuing. “I have not yet completed the slide’s task. Even though I was very hurt and felt as if the entire last decade meant nothing to you, I still cared about and for you. I tried to find peace in the one thing you seemed to enjoy completely. Your peace has been my peace since the moment I laid a hand on you in hell, Dean. Your happiness, my happiness. Millions of years of existence meant nothing the moment I touched your soul. You do not simply mean everything to me Dean, you are everything.”
She followed the men down the stairs.
Dean feels Cas’s pain in the hand that suddenly stilled on his calf. He pulls his legs off the pillow, sets his book on the coffee table, and takes Cas’s hand in his.
The angel begins to stroke his boyfriend’s hair, his thumb resting ever so slightly on his forehead.
*******
What comes out of Cas’s mouth is a mirthless laugh, cold, and freezes Dean down to his very core.
Oh, Dean.
Castiel’s mind wanders at Uriel’s words and he knows that even if it hadn’t been ordered he would have raised Dean’s soul anyway, if he’d ever seen it. Something so bright should never be in a place so dark.
“I will miss teaching, but sabbaticals are not too commonly offered.”
Dean smiles, “Yeah.”
“So, I’m thinking we upgrade your desk too huh? And maybe whatever kind of furniture you want in here.”
Dean Winchester forgot that he drunkenly placed an ad for a roommate the night of his brother’s wedding. He was allowed to forget because no one responded to it. He did get a random text that said.
“You see how I’m doing this from third person, even though you’re telling me what happened?”
“Hum.” Castiel offers in response. He opens the hex bag and destroys the ingredients inside, sealing the bag back together after he’s done.
“The truth is… the only thing that can kill an angel…” Uriel pauses as he pulls his blade from the ether and places it in his palm and holds it in front of his face. “Is another angel.”
Cas smiles as he lays on his back, and Dean finds his spot fairly quickly, his head resting on Cas’s chest, his arm crooked and hand running along Cas’s jaw.
After taking an abnormally large bite from his breakfast sandwich, Chuck positions his fingers over the keyboard and wiggles them dramatically. Dean rolls his eyes and Cas takes small sips from his mug, savoring every flavor molecule. Once more, Dean is entranced. How did he get here? Fuck. Whatever got them here, he knows he didn’t deserve it.
“Why is this new pansy such a threat, huh?”
“Ah, Angel of Thursday. It is very nice to meet you.”
“Uh, I’m not sure how the grace failing thing works exactly Cas, but I can cook us some food maybe? The fridge is stocked.”
The creature posing as Lee Webb looks into the rearview mirror of his vintage Mustang to see the truck following him. He scowls at the reflection. Nothing in Lee’s memory suggested the Winchester patriarch would want to see his children. He knows he must need something from Dean. He examines Lee’s memories. Money. The hunter probably needed money.
. It’d be as easy as breathing, kissing Cas. He could do it right now, move his head slightly, trace along his jaw, that cleft chin that sometimes drew more attention than his pale pink lips that were perfectly shaped. Then he’d be there, on those lips. He could meet them, kiss them, feel them, explore as much as Cas wanted. And he’d never want to stop until he could map out every crater, crevice, mound. And yup, that was enough thinking for this morning.
“My grace must have taken over while we were sleeping. My grace has not acted of its own accord in many years. It is nice to have the feeling back.”
Cas turns to him, face set. “If you insist on this course of action, dinner will never become prepared.”
“We’ve been friends for a long time Uriel. Fought by each other’s sides. Served together away from home… for what seems like… forever.”
Castiel can barely keep his position. The burning consumes him and he wishes to know what it is, he hates it, and yet he wants it. It burns and yet it soothes.
Castiel’s eyes close as he wishes the man in front of him would see him for what he was. How he was, how he
Because the man’s beauty rendered him speechless, Cas just handed him the paper with his advertisement for a roommate.
Although the rooms themselves were soundproof, if his brother and brother-in-law were basically on the door, Sam could sometimes hear some
Now Dean nods. “You just had the trip to Croat-ville.”
*******
“Dean?”
“Sam is a strong man. I believe you were occasionally blinded by your big brother role when it came to Sam, and you unintentionally doubted his abilities. Sam single-handedly stopped the apocalypse. It was an unpleasant decision, but we supported him. He beat the Devil.”
All conversation stopped when Mary and Cas looked up to see Victoria.
Chuck shakes his head as he looks toward the glass doors. Cas comes in and nods at both his father and Dean.
“World War Two, shrapnel. I got sent home, married Elsie. Will I uh…”
John Winchester hadn’t seen either of his boys in years. He hadn’t seen Sam since Mary kicked him out. He saw Dean a few times after, the boy always trying to seek an approval John wouldn’t give. But Dean introduced him to the life, and that was something John learned he was damn good at.
“Dean.” She releases him and cups his face in her hands.
*******
Cas chances a glance at her, hoping something can steady him, ground him.
“It never was.”
*******
“He talked to you about it?”
“She will.”
“What guy, Cas?” The question was hushed, forced through gritted teeth.
“Let’s go. We’ll follow you.”
He can feel her advancing toward him. A type of feeling flows throughout his grace in small, slight waves. It was akin to anxiety, and it was unpleasant.
Cas pauses his chopping and braces himself against the counter with his palms. “I can assure you I am not normally so forward. I am one to lean toward the romantic, sometimes even being criticized for my gestures. However, you… you are the exception to my rule.” He hopes like hell Dean will be the exception when it comes to the
“No Mary, thank you though, I appreciate it.”
“Well, I’d like to think it was. Maybe not as lovers, or partners, but Cas, there will always be something between us. You were everything I didn’t know I needed.”
Lee sits on the unoccupied bed and nods. “Yes, Sir.”
When Cas gets back on an actual interstate, he notices several texts and calls from Claire and a voicemail from Dean. He calls Claire back immediately.
“Sea, is mise an té a d'áitigh tú. Cassiel.” (“Yes, I am the one you invoked. Cassiel.”)
Castiel’s grace tightens even further with fear as Uriel grabs Ruby and throws her into a window, breaking the glass.
Dean blows air out through his mouth, “Uh, younger me left pretty much because Sammy just told him we were a thing, a serious thing, and he freaked out. So, it wasn’t really a brotherly moment. I mean of course, Sammy is supportive and younger me could see that, so having that reaffirmed wasn’t gonna help. Just like I always have, he needed you.”
The creature had to feign sleeping. Although it was
*******
Combat did not wage long, however, as Castiel quickly gained the upper hand, disarming his brother and cracking bones the angel’s vessel would no longer be able to use. Grace froze within him, knowing he was killing his brethren, knowing he was a fallen angel, but the too acute sound of Dean’s labored breathing kept him fighting.
“I mean, you ain’t with anyone else, I mean you’re kinda awkward as hell, but me?”
“You were making moves on my angel, Harville?”
She lifts his chin up so he will see the intent behind her eyes.
Cas pulls his face away from Dean’s chest and Dean’s heart fills at the sight of a smile on the blue-eyed man’s face.
Cas made a non-committal, tired noise before he finally went with, “Cooked by you.”
Since the apathy that Time can create in mortals was never a consideration with the Winchesters they decided to get back into the game by tackling a hunt close to home.
Crowley smiles, revealing all too perfect teeth. “Ah, angel of Thursday. However, your name is usually spelled Cassiel, no t.”
Sam had never really thought of that implication until right fucking now, and his heart does this weird little flip-flop. Fuck yeah, like Dean. Of course, two self-sacrificing sons of bitches would end up getting married to each other.
“Dean must be broken, brother.”
“I am your Guardian, Dean. You are a Chosen One, there is nothing more or less to our relationship.”
Castiel stops, his grace vibrating inside his vessel. “Yes.”
“Yes, it was a difficult time. Claire’s mother went on a downward spiral, and I had custody of Claire for a few years, until Amelia recovered.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Uh, Sam, you can stay with me.”
“But their kid, Cas!”
“What?”
An image of a helpless husband and wife flashes to the forefront of the Seraph’s mind.
Dean puts Cas’s playlist back on in the kitchen and it runs through a Bluetooth speaker so they can hear it in the dining room.
“No, I do not. And before I met your soul, before I dragged it out of hell, I felt nothing. However, I eventually learned that was because I was brainwashed multiple times.”
“Hey, so uh, you’re with me for a bit, we’re gonna have a talk.”
Dean scrambled through his cabinets to quickly grab Cas a Tupperware container for his slime before he went to get some towels to clean the man up.
Castiel sits up suddenly in the bed, assessing his surroundings.
Castiel Novak stood in the middle of a space staged to look like a bedroom. Claire stood beside him, looking around at the furniture with various tags on it written in a language neither young woman nor professor could fully understand.
“Uh, one day, maybe, right?”
“Cas burns everything.” Claire offered with such nonchalance everyone except her uncle giggled.
“Yes, I believe that was an angel looking for a vessel.”
Oh Chuck.
“We’ve been through much together – you and I…”
With a look that can only be described as flirtatious, Crowley continues to look at Cas. “Jealous isn’t he?”
“Do we have a dog now, Dean?”
“Thank you, Dean.”
*******
Cas breathed in deeply, pushing to the back of his mind that he would eventually have to go back to Stanford.
Castiel looks to the empty bed in which Sam is supposed to lay. A queen bed in a crappy motel room next to his brother. He was meant to be in that bed, but he wasn’t, not tonight. Castiel knew why, he hated why, and he hated that Dean must know as well. But if anyone could stop it, Dean could.
Castiel wishes to reach out to him, to explain, but he is without a vessel. He hopes Dean can hear him in his true form, so he can explain to him just how important he is.
“Awesome.”
They spread the papers out on the table and Dean plops his timeline in the middle of it. “Okay, so first, there’s this seismograph Balthazar gave to Cas.”
“There was a demon who was able to grip your ankle. I had to release one of my hands to fight him off on our ascent. My grace burned white hot whilst I smote him, and it burned the shape of my hand into your arm. When we arrived to your grave and I rebuilt your body I was unable to heal the handprint. It was seared into the very fabric of your being, into your soul.”
tuque, Princeps militiae caelestis, (
“He is the Righteous Man. He is not to be touched.”
Sam gave it a week. Jack was settling back in, complete with soul, and Sam wanted to be there for him as much as he could be. So, after the week, when Jack seemed okay, Sam went about his plan.
His work from this point is easy – make it seem as if a demon broke Sam out. Again, the angel could not fathom why. Dean was the one to save them all, not Sam. But, orders were orders. Weren’t they?
“I only punch things because it is an outlet, Cas. Me and you? This? I’m genuinely good. And uh, I don’t know, maybe, you know when things are uh… When we’ve talked some more… Or uh, spent more time… When we’ve both been uh…”
“The B.M. I took this morning. What’s it to you?”
Sam happened to look at Castiel at that moment and the expression written on the Angel’s face went straight to Sam’s gut. It was mix of softness, admiration, love, and fucking devotion. Sam swallowed, almost ashamed he witnessed something so raw.
Sam followed her instinctively. He drew his gun to cover her. Dean and Cas were close behind. Dean took enough time to pull a blade from the trunk. He also grabbed a hypodermic needle full of dead man’s blood.
angel.
His move was unsuccessful because Dean simply moved to be in front of him. And there it was again, although it never truly left. The tension that could almost be reached out to and grabbed. Castiel almost imagined a fist holding a pile of embers.
That implication tore the tear further, causing a hole. Not believing in him was one thing, but his Father? A sharp intake of breath would have been appropriate had Castiel known how to conduct his vessel in such a manner. Instead he tells Dean what he knows is true.
Dean sat across from Cas with his own plate and began eating. “So, what you got going on today?”
Castiel soon learned the time of Hell was not the same as the time of Heaven or earth. He wondered through the fires and the ice for days, weeks, months, years. The human souls recognized him for what he was, and he often had to stab them through, for them to be destroyed. He tried to leave them, but they threatened to tell of his existence to the demon guards. They were only gone long enough for Castiel to leave them, as Hell did not easily let go of the souls it possessed.
Cas groans and Dean whispers, “Mornin’ cowboy.”
“Come, I shall tell you of how you are to receive revelation, meet a man named Paul, how you are to write my story, and my dear friend, you and I shall make fishers of men.”
Cas sighs. “Probably.”
Cas’s gaze meets the older man’s instantly. “Yes, like that.”
“Where is he?”
Uriel and Zachariah stand in front of Castiel. Zachariah leans back onto the desk, his arms folded. “There’s a seal you need to get your boys to save.”
“I believe he will be ready tonight.”
And fuck it all, that endearment got to him. “Cas… I’m…”
Cas releases his hold, backs up, and Dean immediately turns cold, despite the warmness of the day. Dean looks at him, eyes wiped by the bottom of his shirt.
. Of course, in those few seconds it ran through his mind that Cas was only acting, didn’t actually want him, because, how could he? Dean was nothing, a pile of fucking three-day-old garbage that didn’t deserve the admiration of a professor at Stanford with two Doctorates. Cas being a spy for Heaven made way more sense than the man actually
“Cas, you’ll come too right?”
He reluctantly takes his hands away, and Cas immediately misses the touch. He looks up at Dean with his dark blue eyes.
“What kind of a specialist?”
Dean nodded slightly with his head and even more so with his eyes. Castiel knew he
“Yes?”
“Exactly. Someone could be listening.”
“What does he mean, Cas?”
“Sorry, brother. No, I’m actually real damn happy you’re here. Let’s go find you some quality lumber for that roommate of yours.”
Cas pinched his brow.
It is with those words Cas looks to her, knowing not so long ago their minds were very similarly together. Cas’s gaze follows her as she kisses Dean gently. His grace is uncertain by the action, too many emotions fighting within him.
*******
“The instructions indicate this pie needs to cool completely, so I am assuming that will be in a couple hours?”
“Bullshit.”
Dean clears his throat and begins to spin a yarn. “Uh, yeah. Umm… I got involved in some shady business dealings with an airplane sale. I kinda could tell it wasn’t legit, so I called up the FBI.”
“I believe I was hurt because I was under the impression you did not think of me like that back then. I thought what you said to Castiel in the kitchen was to console him, I didn’t really believe it was true.”
Dean straddles Cas as he slowly removes the dark blue tie and throws it somewhere in the room. He starts unbuttoning the shirt and moves it as far to the sides as he can. He has every intention for Cas to keep it on. He captures Cas’s lips in his own, and then begins to move down Cas’s body. He appreciates every beautiful little noise Cas makes.
While Marv was monologuing, Cas subtly reached behind him and pulled a long, silver-looking blade from a holster wrapped around his lower leg. Before Marv could deliver the second blow, Cas plunged the end of the blade into Marv’s chest, causing the creature to lose its form and turn into a puddle of what looked like slime. Cas put the blade back in his holster and stood, stretching out his limbs.
They headed out to the Impala, with Dean locking the door behind him. He handed Claire the keys. “All right kid. Her name is Baby, and she drives like a dream.” He turned towards her uncle, “You okay with riding in the back, Cas? I just wanna make sure Claire gets the ins and outs of Baby.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Uriel stands and looks heavenward. “Well, I won’t wait to be gutted.”
“I feel that you are facing a decision Castiel.”
If only it were that simple. This isn’t a job the angel wants to ask Dean to accomplish. His grace constricts at the mere thought, but it was ordered.
“You and Claire look an awful lot alike.”
The Void sits in a throne covered with deep red velvet, the color resembling dried blood. His eyes languidly roll up, following the smoke rings emerging from his thin lips. His lips form into a grimace as he feels a rip form along his lower calf.
“By a mud monkey.”
They were still sitting on the floor, and Dean needed to get this out – now.
Castiel looks to Sam, bewildered.
“I get it, thanks.” Zachariah rolls his eyes and signals to the waitress for another round.
“The older version of you instructed me to give those to you when you woke. There is a glass of water on the nightstand.”
Cas and Dean make breakfast, John follows Lee, The Void makes a discovery, Balthazar makes a call, and misunderstandings accrue.
“Are you not going to become bored, Dean? You take great pleasure in punching things, and I worry for you without your outlet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do not understand what you mean by feeling. However, my vessel seems to be in some sort of distress. Should we be concerned?”
Cas looks at his hands, he nods slowly. He wonders why the younger version of Dean deemed this particular kill important. Cas asks a question to line up the dates.
“Well, I can’t disappoint my angel tonight can I?”
He smiles and shakes his head fondly at the angel.
Cas raised an eyebrow as he opened the door wider, allowing the older man inside.
“Dean, we know this is difficult to understand.”
Victoria shifted her eyes back to the Angel Dean called ‘Cas’. She wondered which of the humans gave the Angel the nickname. She looked at the eldest Winchester and just knew.
Dean looked defeated as a middle-aged woman opened the door.
“What did that mean?”
Castiel allows his curiosity to be piqued.
“What? How did you, wait, why is that important?”
If you truly love somebody, then you let them be themselves.
“You did everything too right. Look man, your dad’s gonna be here soon, and if we kept that up, I wouldn’t have been able to quit, and we woulda ended up…”
“You keep staring at Cas. I mean, I know he’s hot, but like, your girlfriend is right there, Dude.”
Castiel turns to see Zachariah flanked by two of his sisters.
The angel in front of him opens a file folder on the desk in between them. She lays several papers side by side and points to each one as she offers a description. Balthazar sighs, missing the days gone by when he could take the folder and leave.
“Sociology?”
And then Cas full on sighs as he wrangles a fry out of its cheese hold. “He directs pornography in Los Angeles.”
“What?!”
Dean walks over to him and places his arms around him, pulling Cas’s back into his chest.
A man enters the luxuriantly decorated bedroom and begins to remove his ornate robes. He regards the Void and flinches.
Dean grabs Cas as if the angel’s flesh were the only thing grounding him to reality. He feels strong shoulders, and backs away slightly when Cas shudders as he traces over his shoulder blades.
Dean starts to chuckle. “You wore those the whole time.”
“Our son.” Cas says as he approaches the boy, arms wide.
“What, my Cas? Fuck that. You’re human, and you’re fucking gorgeous.”
Cas rolled his eyes in jest as he smirked at the girl. “He wants us to come to dinner Monday night.”
He feels it immediately upon touch, and carefully, slowly, pulls it from him. He falls to the floor, holding a shard of light in his hands. Sweat drips from the Seraph’s brow as pain leaves him slowly in nauseating waves. His hands shake, and he holds the bit of soul to his chest. Damp hair mops his forehead and he looks heavenward, towards a Father he knows must be there somewhere, for here he was – whole, and yet shattered.
Pain seared through the angel’s wing, grace surging to make him whole. A fiery, electrical heat moves throughout his form as the wing seeps, his steadily draining grace struggling to heal the wound, struggling to repair his wing.
Dean lets out a sort of chuckle.
Jesus smiles widely.
He is a soldier.
“You in ten years.” Cas corrects, taking another sip from his bottle.
The waitress came over to refill their coffee mugs. “I just gotta say, y’all are an adorable family.”
Cas smiled knowingly and nodded.
The whole memory lasted less than a second. Victoria tried to process what she just saw, and wondered what that blood red emotion was, as she listened to the youngest Winchester.
“You want to explain why you have that stain in the room?”
The desk clerk stood up to meet them. “Miss Doyle? Thank goodness you’re here. We are having body after body turn up, which is just causing people to ask questions we can’t answer.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “You didn’t give me much time to prepare.”
Castiel furrowed his brow. “Why do you do that, Dean?”
“Oh, I apologize miss, I am attempting to pick out the most perfect of specimens.”
He thinks to the nothing, to the ether, to the peace of a nonexistence. But how could there be true peace, without the hurricane of Dean Winchester?
“Would you have admitted what you did today had we still been at home?”
“Tá fáilte romhat, a Oonagh.” (“You’re welcome, Oonagh.”)
. Wasn’t this like first base or something? In front of
Dean smiles. “It’s fucking perfect.”
Dean takes Cas’s lips in his own and gently kisses him before breaking away.
“Who’s your friend?”
Dean lifts a finger from around his glass. “Maybe Cas would be a better storyteller if you shut up.”
Castiel looks down at their touching hands. Wrong, forbidden.
“Hello Dean.”
Castiel tilts Dean’s chin up so their eyes meet.
Castiel knew not where he was, nor did he care. He leaned against the closed door, which was now an ancient dwelling. He looks around him – unsure of where he is.
“I trust your judgment.”
*******
Chapter Warnings: Mentions of a Panic Attack
“Damn it, Cas, please, just sit.”
“Coffee, please?”
The overwhelming sense of déjà vu encompassed Castiel as he yearned to tell the man in front of him that he was once more the Righteous Man and he deserved to be saved more than any other soul to exist. He yearned to tell him how beautiful and bright his soul is, to let him know he is good, and even if he weren’t commanded, he would’ve fought both Heaven and Hell to rescue his soul again. But he can’t, so he goes with:
But Dean knew he had to let that hug be all he longed for; all he could allow himself to have. Because Dean Winchester was not about to fuck up that beautiful man’s life with his own shitty existence. He couldn’t expose him to what he
*******
Dean’s face once more changes to disbelief, and Castiel almost feels relieved.
“Dancing,”
Castiel intervenes and says loudly: “Dean, let him go.”
“Let me finish, Cas.”
She hands him the file folder. He takes it casually, not bothering to look inside.
Castiel and Dean stand in front of a pane of glass held within a dirty door. They gaze at a bound demon who tortured souls in Hell and relished in it. Castiel’s grace settles heavily, and he attempts to alleviate some of his guilt by reassuring Dean the trap is impenetrable.
Finally - I want to thank you all so, so much for taking this journey with me. This story is a joy to write and each of your comments and kudos inspire me. I am looking so forward to writing the next chapter as 4.22 will always be one of my favorite Castiel episodes. I hope I did this episode justice.
He smiles as Cas stares at it.
Dean sits up so that he is straddling Cas, grabs a pillow from behind him, and smacks Cas in the face with it. Cas retaliates by pulling him once more to him and kissing him deeply.
Jack pops into the midst of a crowd. Eileen, Jody, Donna, Patience, Kaia, Claire, Rowena, Cas, Dean, and Sam are all standing around in a circle with him in the middle. They all shout “Happy Birthday”. He looks at his cake and sees a “5” candle in the middle. His eyes brim with tears and he looks at everyone around him.
“Kay – next?”
“The nest is just shy of ten miles from here.”
“What the fuck?” Dean mutters as he lets go of Cas’s hand to walk around the house, a modest size dwelling with an open floor plan. Chuck is sitting on one of the chairs facing a couch, a large TV behind him. On either side of the TV are two picture windows, each looking out onto a beach. Dean swallows, pissed at Chuck for reading his mind. Tears sting his eyes, knowing this is only an illusion of something they can never have. He plops onto the couch, Cas cautiously taking his place beside him. Dean feels the distance is too much, and he grabs the angel’s hand, pulling him towards him.
The creature meets Sir’s eyes, their brows holding a mix of malice and interrogation.
“You…”
Castiel did not care enough in that moment to comment, so he simply stared.
“So, uh, you weren’t in bed when I woke up.”
“You are too kind to me, Dean.”
Dean just had this look of being completely done with the Angel, which was also somehow coupled with fondness.
“Please tell me you’re here to help. We’ve been having demon issues all day.”
Thank you so much for reading!! I would love to hear from you guys!!
After Mary and Victoria had gone to bed, Dean, Sam, and Cas stayed up to talk. Sam grabbed two beers from the kitchen and handed one to his brother before they all sat down.
Its plan was beginning the following morning.
How he wishes he could. He thinks back to a little girl being loved in Colorado.
“Don’t give me that ‘holy’ crap. Destiny, God’s plan… It’s all a bunch of lies, you poor, stupid son-of-a-bitch!”
“What do you mean, seeking counsel?”
Cas’s eyes meet the floor. “I have no clothes; they are in my suitcase in my car.”
*******
“Past you has uh, left.”
Dean Winchester woke up with a horrendous headache. He turned over on the couch and pulled the blanket up under his chin. He threw it off of him seconds later, realizing he needed the bathroom like yesterday. Dean sees the mark Cas left on his neck in the mirror and feels ill, he knows something happened with Cas but he can’t remember exactly what.
“Hello Dean.”
It was awkward at first, each trying to work around their smiles and tears. However, they managed, and when they pulled away everything suddenly fit into place.
Castiel nods. “Would you like for me to pick up dinner on the way home?”
Victoria was flabbergasted by Dean’s lack of respect towards the Angels. She was rarely surprised by anything anymore, but she could tell her mouth was open a little when she caught herself staring at him.
Dean pursed his lips comically and titled his head. “Still you.”
“But look, I’m here for you, and I ain’t leaving. So put your fucking gorgeous head in my lap and let me comfort you, you dumbass.”
Cas looks to the peninsula behind him and shrugs, giving Dean the idea he would have been okay with that scenario. Dean swallows and clears his throat.
“This was inside the wall of your room. If we hadn’t found it, surely one or both of you would be dead.”
Castiel can see Dean’s faltering at answering Uriel’s question and speaks. “We’re here for Anna.”
Jesus nods with understanding. “I see. Where is our Father?”
“I did not.”
“Well, nothing of import.”
“Dean… lacks faith. He feels he is unable to complete the task that lays ahead of him.”
That was a blow straight to Dean’s very human heart. He clears his throat, unable to say anything because there was nothing he could say, was there? Cas, who was reprogrammed and fucked up so many times, and it never really mattered in the end. Because here they were, on a couch in some fake dream house, clinging to each other as if they were the only things that mattered.
The angel started to remove his hand, but Dean held it in place. He always appreciated the fact Cas let himself be stopped, because angel strength was no fucking joke.
She was accustomed to placing things in her brain’s attic. She remembered everything but put some things away to find when she needed. She surmised that while she was unconscious her brain had done that for her, to protect her.
Castiel watches as he flies away and then he is once more left alone.
Dean licked his bottom lip as he looked to his angel. He sighs slightly. He gets up to retrieve the plates and puts them in the dishwasher.
Dean turns into him and captures Cas’s lips with his own in a sweet, chaste kiss. Cas breaks away and takes their plates to the sink, rinsing them. He turns the water off, and leans against the counter with his palms, his back to Dean.
John pulls away and then pulls Cas into a very similar hug, leaving Dean somewhat shocked.
Dean looks to his now boyfriend, pride written across all his features. “Fuck yeah we will.”
Victoria couldn’t take anymore, she just couldn’t. So, she decided to try and sidetrack, deflect. “Sam. Castiel accidently gave me all his memories. From that I learned that he saved you both from Hell, died for both of you, butchered a pig so you could eat a sandwich, and would die for either one of you a thousand times over. Greater love hath no man than that. But yes, their personalities seem to mesh more. I’m sorry.” Okay, she didn’t mean to let that last part slip, but it was okay, it was so obviously true.
“What more do you need than a proclamation of my love for you?”
Her nonchalance stymies him, as he is both annoyed and impressed by it.
Dean and Cas continued eating in silence for a few moments, before Dean once more broke the silence. “Okay, not that I’m not incredibly turned on by both of these things, but why does a professor at Stanford take Boxing lessons and have such impressive knife skills?”
Cas sighed with relief as he went to change back into his regular clothes.
“I will explain. May we sit?”
“I am the Son of the great I Am. Some call me a prophet, some the Messiah. I am here to save that which was lost.”
“You were here the whole time?”
A tall man was holding a knife to a young girl’s throat.
Dean smiles and acquiesces.
“All yours.” Victoria said as she took a bite out of a cinnamon roll.
The Seraph does not offer an adieu as he continues to read, page after page, consuming the life of Dean Winchester, the series putting pieces of the puzzle in its place. His would-be champion was a hero in every sense of the word. He truly was the best of humanity, and Castiel was even more grateful that he was the one to pull him from perdition.
Cas stands and nods. “They had a nest here, and they were recruiting. You are young and pretty, just their type.”
“I do not burn everything, Claire.”
Castiel looks, wonders. He is slightly fearful, having never felt so helpless before in his existence.
He tilts his head to listen and is surprised it is Dean who is praying to him. Surprised and somewhat… relieved? No, that wasn’t quite right. Happy? Maybe.
it was almost kinda gross. This was the stuff people would read about in books and crinkle their noses because it was unbelievable and sappy. But here they were, two beings who not only tackled all the obstacles, but trampled them into the dust and made them their bitch.
While Cas was learning what it meant to be human, he discovered he had a penchant for country music, much to Dean’s chagrin. But, because Dean was Dean, and he was trying, he would occasionally listen to the music while they were in the kitchen cooking.
“Sorry, man, you just looked so fucking huggable in those flannel pajama pants.”
Thank y'all so much for reading and for the kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks, and comments!! They mean the world to me. I love hearing for you guys! I hope you all enjoy this chapter!!
She became more concerned when she saw it was underground. She still followed them inside. She did not expect the smell of chocolate chip cookies to hit her as soon as she walked in. Those men did not look like bakers.
Cas smiles and huffs out a laugh. “I don’t want to embarrass you. You may see me get punched and want nothing to do with me ever again.”
Lee decides to go with beheading since it was usually the fail-safe means of destruction.
“I’m Ellen.”
Uriel nods once at Castiel’s obvious confusion. “I too thought it was a color.”
“It’s fine.”
Dean shifts his weight from one foot to the other. “You don’t?”
“Intently, huh?” Why did Dean let that slip out? He blushed and shifted in his seat. He didn’t miss his best friend’s smirk. Asshole.
The voice was deep, commanding, and the Seraph looked behind him. Chuck quickly scurried off, hiding against a wall.
“Babe, no, we can’t do this, we can’t think about shit like this. These two incredibly handsome sons-of-bitches have to go back to where they came from.”
*******
I want to say once more that this chapter does contain spoilers for season 15, although I added some things with the character in 15x7 that are not cannon.
Dean looks into the bowl and smiles. He wraps his arms around Cas’s waist and tries to ignore just how good the other man looks in
“She will be, Cas took care of the neck thing.”
“But if you’re gonna smite this whole town… then you’re gonna have to smite us with it. Because we are not leaving.”
Cas looked down at his hands. “Are you envious?” He had no idea the cord he struck, the concept of Dean’s jealousy having anything to do with him being so foreign it wasn’t even a thought.
Cas can feel his heartrate increase. “You did?”
*******
“I don’t know how prophets are chosen.” Dean once more makes eye contact with him, blue searching and blending into green. “The order comes from high up on the celestial chain of command.”
“You need something Sam?”
“Where at?”
She instantly became defensive, but the anger quickly subsided. It was replaced with sadness and a great sense of loss. She forgot she was wearing it over her pajamas. She lightly touched the buttons that ran down the double-breasted front.
The creature once more looks at the painting. He studies it, looking, searching for something. Something he is unable to find. He narrows his eyes and picks it up gingerly, carrying it to the car.
Cas was covered in Marv, blood streaming down from a gash on his eyebrow and intermingling with the muck.
“For what, Dean?”
He practically melted into the floor when Cas put a hand on his shoulder. “I would suggest jeans, Dean.” And if that fucker didn’t wink back before he went out the door.
“What’d you do?”
“Hum?”
Castiel nods once more. “Replacing it with a soul, which the Empty has no control over.”
*******
“Are these not the times we…”
“What?” Dean sobers up, wipes his eyes with his sleeves and looks at Sam.
“Screw you Sam, I’m not gay.”
“Are you in need of assistance? I only help those with money.” He makes a pointed look back to the man with the wrapped leg before looking to the man in front of him. “And you look as if you do not have any.”
. The grace pulls, and a rosebush in Maine withers into the ground, leaving a small sinkhole behind.
Thank you so much for reading! I hope you enjoy this chapter!!
Cas decided to intervene. “There is a handful of humans from each generation scattered around the globe who are the chosen. They possess abilities that mimic and sometimes surpass the abilities of angels.”
To be fair, it was. How was he reassembled, atom by atom, wavelength by wavelength? In truth, there could only be one answer, one being with that much power.
“Okay, so uh… first off, what I said about your vocabulary.”
“Just the chapter, not the book. Judgy, Dean.”
Dean throws a pair of jeans and a t-shirt onto Cas’s lap.
“She made fun of me and told me it was not chosen as the car of the year by Consumer Reports even during the ice ages, when it was so obviously made.”
“Well, I'm not buying what you're selling, so who are you really?”
“It’s not that I’m jealous, I’m glad Dean is able to have a relationship with someone other than me, but I feel left out sometimes I guess. I mean he made me ride with you.” Sam realized what he said, “Not that I didn’t want to, it’s just…”
Dean becomes slack jawed and he feels Cas’s hand ball up into a fist, clutching his t-shirt.
Dean looks away from his heating oil to look at Cas. “Really?”
Castiel smiles as he lowers himself onto his hunter. “May I try again?”
He was, or he wasn’t? He couldn’t remember. The pieces screamed, begging for their presence to be known, and their creator looks away unable to fully answer – the holes in his grace screaming, begging to be made whole.
“I do not want to go, brother.”
Dean smiled, “Including Angels?” He looked at Cas.
Victoria only really wanted Castiel, (for the training she obviously needed) but she knew she still had to play along, because they were his world, especially the green-eyed hunter with golden flecks in his eyes, the color of righteous pride. How incredibly fitting was that? Her eyes must have wandered towards him because Sam said,
“So if a prophet was in the same room as a demon…”
“I am to receive revelation from the Holy Spirit? My friend, I am not even of the Jewish faith. I am what you may call a Gentile.”
He picks up all their plates, angrily puts them in the dishwasher, and sits back on the couch.
Dean rolls his eyes playfully, resuming stroking the angel’s back.
He means it, truly. Dean was only a human, and yet he was able to send the witnesses back to rest, a feat which would have proven difficult for even an angel. Of course, Dean does not respond in the way Castiel expects him to.
Sam and Dean nodded towards Misses Forrester as they left the house.
“I… dreamt of when Jimmy told me I was to be Claire’s guardian if anything were to ever happen to him.” Cas takes a bite of his slice as well, although with much less gusto than Dean.
Chuck raises his eyebrow, and Dean shakes his head quickly to focus only on Cas. “Yeah, man, our son, and I know I would’ve probably done the same thing, but man, I…”
The angel looks to the ceiling and Dean rolls his eyes and a very slight chuckle escapes his nostrils.
“Your sympathies?”
“Fuck.” Claire mutters as she runs her hand through her hair.
Lee chuckles to himself as he adds a touch of white to the river, making it have more depth.
“I can ask around, but you know the deal.”
Crowley rolls his eyes. “Fine. Scratch the paint then, hum?”
“I grabbed you from behind, like this, and you stilled. You leaned into me, against me, and I knew we could leave. I stretched my wings and began to fly us out of perdition. There were hoards of hell following us, and you screamed at me to watch out. You were concerned for my safety.”
“I just wanted the money!” He yells as Dean makes more small cuts over the man’s torso.
Dean shakes his head at the joke. He immediately straightens when he sees his Dad, the posture change not lost on his angel who takes a step away from him to ensure Dean’s comfort.
“Yeah, I uh, get it.”
Cas looks around, he simply took Dean to the room they encountered when they confronted the human version of himself, he didn’t think of the implication. His eyes once more find the ceiling, embarrassment suddenly overtaking his celestial form. Without making eye contact with his charge, he answers:
Dean allows a laugh to escape through his nose. “Cas, this is Jo, the little sister I never asked for.”
Castiel nods as he hands the potatoes to Dean and looks in the fridge to gather the ingredients for a side salad.
The pleasant scent of coffee hits him. He smiles slightly to himself and calls the name of the man responsible for brewing the life-giving liquid.
The demon is speechless and helpless to do anything but watch her.
“My grace has been failing, yes. However, I am inclined to believe that doing some of the human things my vessel normally needs grace to make up for has caused my grace to regenerate.”
“You have tested me and thrown me every which way.” Dean walks closer to him, Castiel feels the heat build and looks away. “And I have never asked for anything.”
Past Dean makes a face that can only possibly be read as ‘what the fuck?’.
Dean and Cas look at one another gently over the head of their son who sits in-between them. Dean stares into the eyes of his husband and gratefully realizes words he said long ago were not taken literally.
Castiel’s eyes turn suddenly, his gaze penetrating, cold, and angry.
“You must understand
The Void’s eyes travel to the figure laying prostrate on the bed.
*******
“No, I really shouldn’t.” Crows feet crinkle in an expression formed from a fake smile.
Victoria Doyle looked over at her passenger. “You’re too big for this car.”
“You know about Jimmy.” Cas begins to trace the vein in Dean’s wrist with his forefinger. “I have older brothers as well. Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel.”
“Good, let’s continue then, shall we?”
He looks once more into hazel, missing the green.
“Oh, yeah, well, there’s another couple bedrooms upstairs with a family room in between, it’s kinda a weird house. Mom thought the upstairs would be perfect for me and Sammy, even though we full grown ass men, well almost. We can put it in one of those. Kinda might be nice, having a guest area.”
The Void smirks as he regards his minion.
Cas laughs. “I have had many years experiencing life with these heightened senses. But yes, last night, I probably could not have formed a coherent sentence, as it were.”
*******
“Okay, so we left off where you turned Anna into Heaven’s jail.”
“I’m gonna call bullshit on that one, Cas. Sorry, man.”
Thank y'all so, so much for the subscriptions, kudos, and bookmarks!! They mean so much to me as the author of this tale, and I find them so inspiring!
Why did those words
Cas is still breathing slowly in and out, which makes Dean take over again. “I’ll bite. What the fuck?”
Dean glared at her; annoyance apparent. This chick was annoying as hell.
“I have known you for twenty-four hours Dean Winchester, and in that time, I have learned a great deal about you. You are funny. Your ad on Craigslist made me laugh, and my life doesn’t lend itself to joviality all too often. You are kind, almost to a fault. You met my niece twice, and you let her drive your car; which I can tell you have an abnormal obsessive gravity towards. You treated her as if she were your relation. You offered to show us Atlanta. You opened your home to me. Your concern for my well-being when I was the tiniest bit distraught in the car was more heartfelt, more encompassing than I have received from even my closest relation outside of Claire. I can tell the affection you feel towards your brother from the look you get in your eyes when you discuss him, even minutely. He is a lawyer, and I have a feeling you had a great deal to do with his success. So, do not, for one moment, undervalue your contribution to this world.”
Castiel kisses soft lips tenderly, sweetly. “You never were.”
Screw it. “Cas, come here.”
“Uh, so you talk about Jesus some, right? Where is He in this whole thing?”
Dean lowers his book to his chest, causing Cas to move his hand to his stomach. Dean never wanted the connection to end, and he absent-mindedly wondered what skin to skin contact would feel like before pushing that aside and addressing Chuck. He shrugs.
And no love.
He searched for Sam’s soul, willed himself to look beyond the flesh at the real, at what mattered. What he was eventually able to see saddened him and broke a part of him he didn’t know could be broken. The Righteous Man’s brother’s soul was
“That’s not important. However, what is important is that you had peanut butter for lunch.”
“Our Father ordered this?”
“No more than you lied to me. I actually divulged more in regards to my life than you ever did.”
A man and woman in their early thirties sit down with their newly adopted girl and watch as she clumsily picks up foam pieces of a puzzle. They aid her in its construction as she places the pastel colored pieces in different patterns on a wood floor.
“You know our true orders.” He looks to Uriel in a type of disbelief. “Are you prepared to disobey?”
“Little fucker is at a strip club!”
“Says who?”
Castiel knows how difficult that was for Dean to get through, and he decides to make another stop before he heads home.
Castiel regards Sam with interest. “I do understand we are not as close as I am with your brother, but that does not mean I do not care for you, Sam.” He furrows his brow, as if he is trying to find the right words to convey his emotion that is still so new to him. “You…” He takes a deep breath he does not need to settle nerves he does not have. “You are my…” He once more hesitates, searching his infinite knowledge for the right word. “Family.”
The angel’s eyes were so full of pain, Dean felt his stomach turn. “Oh fuck. You really did love her.”
Sam smiles and addresses the Nephilim. “Jack, where did you find Castiel?’
“This counts as a second date, right Babe?”
“Hiya Cas.”
Dean smiles as he realizes,
The girl’s face lights up with an absolutely beautiful smile. “I thought you were making this for someone. Well, whoever they are, they are lucky.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I am an angel; we know a few things about souls.” He tries to smile warmly.
“Yes.”
Zachariah puts his hand to his ear, cupping it, pretending to hear something. Castiel would roll his eyes, if he knew how.
The creature nods once, recalling from Hannah’s memories that response is appropriate.
He truly wants to know, does Castiel. It comes off accusatory he realizes. And perhaps it was. Dean should know by now, as did the Seraph, resistance often proved futile.
“Great. Off you go.”
Castiel shrugs, his blue eyes narrowing. He knew Dean was probably looking for him by now and hoped the man wouldn’t do something stupid.
“May I ask why?”
Sam hugs Dean as well before leaving.
“Wait!”
“Castiel!”
stitching together the tears even tighter. He looks to the pile of dust in front of him and sighs as he brushes off his palms.
The angel’s eyes move to a scar on the man’s left hand, and the dingy wedding ring there.
If Castiel knew how to properly control the emotions of his vessel, his face would display sadness, but instead he looks stoic, like a statue. At this point, in a way, he is.
No frustration.
“Victor, is your base in Atlanta?”
“How can I assist with that?”
Chapter Warnings: This chapter is an intense one. It covers what Castiel had to endure when he was dragged back to Heaven in 4.19. It is not mild, and I tried not to gloss over it. What he endures is intense. However, I ended the chapter on a literal sweet note.
“Those were my orders.”
Chuck slams the top of his laptop closed. “Oh yeah, Chapter four finito!”
He pulls a chair out and indicates with his hand for Cas to sit.
“What would you have me do?”
“Yes, that is unfortunate.”
“He’s a switch-hitter, I’d be expecting both.”
Castiel’s nostrils flare and he looks to the Christ, the man he followed in the desert over 2,000 years ago.
Cas and Dean both develop the most beautiful of smiles, teeth on full display.
“This is by far the best lasagna I have ever eaten. Thank you for inviting us to share a meal with your family, I appreciate it very much.”
“Cas, you thought that I…”
“He killed her.”
Chuck shakes his head. “No, you see, I was telling Cas here that I actually wanted him out pretty early on.”
“Hum. And just what am I to receive revelation about? Hum? And who are you?”
Uriel nods. “You wish us to stop it, brother.”
Cas held up a finger as Dean was about to interrupt.
Cas leans his head against Dean’s shoulder. He takes the hand covering his heart, puts it to his lips and kisses each of his knuckles tenderly before placing it over his heart once more.
“I believe that is the ultimate goal, Angel. Thank you for showing mercy. You must be in high favor with the Son.”
“You know why, Cas.”
“Dean?” Cas inquired after a particularly thoughtful bite of mashed potatoes.
Castiel allows his eyes to find the floor as Sam and Anna realize Dean was the one who gave away their location. His eyes remain there as Dean turns to Anna and whispers:
He sits up and Cas reluctantly follows suit.
“Did you talk to Sam?”
The angel thinks, contemplates, his quick, strategic mind playing out possible scenarios. He couldn’t intervene personally, but…
Dean breaks the embrace, holding Cas at arm’s length with his hands on either of his shoulders. He purses his lips and makes sure he catches Cas’s eyes.
Castiel sighed, knowing that arguing with his niece was not going to do anyone any good, especially not him.
“Do I sense disappointment in the fact Satan is safely contained?”
But he stood, steadfast, the perfect soldier.
from a mesh compartment inside the suitcase and walks over to Dean, who had completely abandoned his work at that point, entranced by the way Cas held the book out to him, as if it were holy.
Dean hated Chuck even more – as if that were possible.
“Ah good, you’re here. We’re gonna go over your assignments for the day.”
The angel walks to a demon punching Dean and smites that one as well, causing the body to fall to the floor. Together, they begin to walk to Sam, who they find drinking the blood of the demon he has on the ground.
“Oh yeah, one of the Chosen, okay. So Balthazar is your guardian, right?”
“Bitch.”
Castiel looks to Sam with a mixture of shock and horror as the younger Winchester raises his hand. Kill? Was he ever meant to kill? Is this what was meant by chosen
“He went to receive revelation.”
Dean swallows, obviously uncomfortable.
“Plan?”
“Why are you letting Dean do this?”
Cas winces and Castiel looks towards Jack. “You are a Nephilim, an abomination, in charge of Heaven?”
He thought he may have a stalker, which amped up his life a bit. An adorable little blonde girl, late teens, maybe early twenties, who drove by his house on occasion. She was the complete opposite of threatening, and he decided to let it go. She was probably just friends with someone in the neighborhood. But one night she was out walking while he was taking out his empties, and he chanced a glance at her, and her striking blue eyes held
Castiel was an angel who always believed humanity could be saved, sins forgiven, love can prevail. This was an annoyance to all other angels, especially Naomi.
“Jesus, Jesus.. This…” Dean gestures between them with a hand and Cas huffs out a type of laugh.
And there he was, his Righteous Man.
Cas runs his hand up and down Dean’s jaw. “I love you, Dean.”
pillow.
“I cannot apologize enough, Dean, I…”
Chuck nods, his lips pursed comically. “Uh, yeah, well, his grace is regenerating, and I’ve just never seen that happen before.”
The beauty of it was not lost on Castiel. “I wish for you to surprise me, Dean. I trust your breakfast choices concerning ‘biscuits’.” And if that adorable little fucker didn’t use air quotes.
Castiel barely gets through it, guilt eating away at the edges of his grace. Where was
“I don’t think that’s wise.” Guilt causes him to look away, and he himself longs for peace of Paradise.
The way the blue-eyed man said his name made the hairs on the back of his neck stand to attention. The voice was commanding, yet kind. He wanted to hear his name uttered by that man in many different situations.
“You really do, don’t you?”
He had to let go of Dean to do the air quotes, earning himself a bright smile from the brightest soul in existence.
Dean freezes at the endearment, eyes wide open. He pulls Cas’s face to his. The kiss is wet and sloppy and so filled with need that Cas gets lost in it. Dean soon has Cas’s body under his own.
“What, Sam?”
The hug was more than a simple embrace, it was a promise. It was platonic and romantic. It offered friendship and romantic pleasure. It was two bodies fitting so well together that time stood still. It was heat, lightning, electricity, calm, serene, cooling, it was the ocean meeting the sand, it was the sun setting so the moon can shine – it was everything.
“Cas come back?”
“Think about it, Dean. Ellen, Jo, Bobby? I’m not saying they’ll be alive in this timeline, for all we know these two could create another type of alternate universe or something, but don’t they deserve a chance in Castiel’s world?”
“Of course, Sam.”
Dean Winchester, because he is not the best with emotions, especially without a bottle of whiskey, thought the best approach to dealing with the Angel he called into his room before dawn would be an indirect one.
Castiel smiles toward his sister with one of his faces. His wings stretch outward, his grace flowing freely with calm and contentment. The grass beneath his feet turns a shade greener.
Dean moves away from Uriel and back to Castiel. Castiel looks to him once more, and he knows, he just knows, this is it. Dean is it.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, I guess I do, Cas. But it was kinda shoved on me, you know? And I am getting tired of it. Fuck, I’ve been doing it for twenty-two years now. I just kinda want this.” He pulls Cas more into his chest.
*******
The Void breathes in the arid air through newly developed lungs. Passerby’s regard him with interest as his three-piece suit draws attention in the heat. He takes no notice of them as he climbs the stone stairs to the temple.
Chuck’s face scrunches up in mock disgust. “Uh, no.” He nods. “Guess again.”
Castiel simply breathes, an action he still doesn’t really need to partake in, but one that feels natural nonetheless.
“Why do you think I recruited you and Sam in the first place?”
“He is ready. He will wake in a few moments.”
Sam speaks up before Dean can begin, “Dean wants to build a bookcase for his new roommate.” He smirks and looks at his brother’s deadpan face.
“I suppose I do, yes.”
“No, but I have a sample of it. I was hoping you could help me there. Because whatever it is, it found me, and I, I can’t risk certain aspects.”
“Yes, your books.”
“Sam, he, he never told me what he thought I said.”
Cas looks up suddenly. “No, Marv did respond to the angel blade, but he wasn’t a demon. So, it’s probable this is not Lucifer.”
“Is this spoken for?” He asked as he was grabbing a fork from the drawer.
“Oh, I know this my friend, but this does not exclude you from being worthy of revelation.”
“Just holler at me if y’all need anything else.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’m guessing whoever it is has a great ass, am I right?”
“I want to show him that I always loved you, completely. Angel or not.”
Charlie greeted him by a punch to the shoulder. “Hey, see you guys finally made it.” Dean grabs her into a suffocating embrace. She gives Cas a wink.
“You are to tell Dean everything his brother is doing.”
He looks back to scrunch his brow.
Zachariah’s lips pout in a sarcastic manner as he shrugs and takes a sip of his drink. “Right. Which is why we’re going to use his methods against him.”
“What is it?” She did not want to deal with his emotions, or whatever was going on through his mind. She wanted to be in the car with Sam.
He nods, his eyes meeting the coldness of the floor in a funeral home where two reapers were almost killed opening a seal to release his fallen brother. A floor where Dean was shot at with salt he knew penetrated his astral core. A floor which held his gaze because it did not judge like the emerald pools beside him.
Dean chuckles as he lifts a very cheesy fry off the plate with his free hand. “Oh yeah. You already know about Sammy, what about you?”
Sam opened the glove box to look at her cassettes.
“So, uh, I met a girl.”
plays on the Bluetooth speaker and Cas runs his hand up and down Dean’s arm. Dean closes his eyes as Cas lingers on the place a handprint used to be. He pulls Cas’s hand away and kisses the palm before placing it on his cheek.
With a knife kept tucked in his waistband, the creature releases the ropes keeping the humans captive. Two of the humans are already corpses, and the nothingness’s human nose crinkles in disgust.
The female speaks before the creature can answer. “Thank you.”
. She would not challenge that, she would lose. She could not imagine just how bad she would lose. She needed him, so she needed them. She thought they could have a symbiotic relationship.
“Can it Crowley, we need information.”
Doubt. All throughout him. She moves even closer to him now, their vessels almost touching. Where with Dean there is heat, with Anna is almost a type of ice, but they seem to be equally enticing. He had experienced heat with her before, when they were joined. He wants to recapture the feeling, the peace, the pleasant burning, the strong waves.
“But he won’t talk. Alastair’s will is very strong. We’ve arrived at an impasse.”
Jessica smiled brightly. “No fucking way!”
“He works out.”
“Hey.”
This hug – this embrace between two beings who seemed to go above and beyond for each other meant so much. It was comforting, of course. It had to be really, just from the nature of it. When two forms fit together so perfectly it would be almost impossible to not receive comfort from that, like a garment that fits so well it is barely noticeable. It also said the things Dean was unable to say in that moment. The intimate touch of his hand in Castiel’s black hair told the man with blue eyes that Dean appreciated Cas’s gesture. The head buried on Cas’s shoulder expressed the intimacy the two already shared. The hand on the small of Castiel’s back indicated Dean’s surprise at the amount of work Cas put in for
Thank you!
“Yeah, but uh…”
Castiel runs through Jimmy’s knowledge of slang and formulates a hypothesis on Dean’s meaning.
Dean wraps a protective arm around his shoulder.
“Please, Dean.”
The being who was currently being referred to as ‘Hannah’ took an immediate interest in her new neighbor. The young lady was lovely and emitted a certain type of effervesce mixed with nonchalance that immediately drew the creature in. She imagined the girl would never blubber, a thought which appealed greatly to the creature. She did not find the human abominable, which, coming from the creature, was quite the accolade.
“Why would you let out Sam Winchester?”
Castiel looked at the ceiling, knowing he would do anything the blue-eyed blonde asked.
*****
destiny? Castiel couldn’t know, couldn’t fathom. But he imagined being separated in the ether, at some type of peace.
“I expect you to discover what is behind these happenings or give me your source.”
“You didn’t remember that about Gabe, Cas?”
“All right, smart ass.”
“No.”
“Hello Dean.”
Breakfast, dealing with Chuck, and second date!
Castiel looks to Dean gratefully.
“Hum?”
Cas looks ashamed. “It is forbidden. It was knowledge that was only shown to me when I became human. I believe the creation of a soul had something to do with it, when my grace and soul combined for but a moment.”
“Yeah, well, you already got Tesla on that, no need to crash his party.”
“I know.” Sam and Cas said in unison.
Dean read over the ad he didn’t remember placing, chuckled, and stepped aside to let them come in.
Thank you so much for reading and I hope you enjoy this chapter.
He feels Cas’s pout in the loosening of his grip. He tries to hide his laugh behind forcefully pursed lips. He grabs Cas’s arm to keep it closer to his body.
“I didn’t mean it that way, Dean. I know you don’t think like that.”
“Well bend it back or tell me what the hell I'm doing here!”
and who they fundamentally were would take work and conversations in order to become better and grow together. Hopefully accompanied by lots of kissing, and some other things.
“You think our Father would…”
“I don’t want to be my dad.”
“I love you Dean Winchester.”
Sam looks taken aback and stares at Benny slack jawed. “Dude, even I know these are some expensive boards.”
“I feel a responsibility toward her, yes. However, I am not a Guardian. That was not what I was created for.”
“Dude, still! We’re different now, and it’s weird or something, I don’t know.”
Dean gets up and slaps Sammy on the back. “You want anything else, Sammy?”
Cas plays with Dean’s hair; he kisses the top of his head and uses his other hand to rub his husband’s back with small circles.
Dean knew it was more, but Cas’s words rang in his head, and he was gonna listen to his boyfriend’s advice. For once. Hey! That’s what he was. Boyfriend! And wasn’t that just fucking fantastic? Even if his
Dean squirmed under the gaze seconds ago he was longing for. His Cas wasn’t so astute or fucking forward.
“Yeah, faith.”
“In bed?”
He smiles at his Baby, the only real constant in a life filled with fleeting emotions, death, and copious amounts of useless alcohol.
“Where’s Sam?”
He meant it, every word. He would give his life and float among the ether if he knew Dean did not have to go into that room.
“Chapter three done!”
“I apologize, Dean. These instructions are not very well thought out.”
The angel nods, neither giving nor taking anything.
Dean shrugs.
He relishes in Zachariah’s reaction, his grace slowly warming throughout, undulating pleasantly.
“If you don’t let me go, I won’t be able to make breakfast, and a fed Chuck is bad enough.”
“Dude, I’m great. Got a pillow, good view.” He gives Cas a wink. “Good book. I’m good. Are you?”
Sam helped her stand up. “I’m okay, thank you.” She didn’t really care to be polite, but she figured they deserved it.
“So, uh… does he only direct?”
“Who are you?”
“You want this with me?”
Cas looks to her with a sad type of smile. “I believe Dean has been hurt in the past. I will have to earn his trust before he will feel comfortable being vulnerable with me. I broke it once by leaving, and he needs for me to prove that I will not do so again.”
The angel was getting fairly good at sarcasm. Dean felt the corners of his mouth twitch up.
Dean closed the door behind him and started walking towards the dining room where Sam and Jess were already seated.
Timing was a central factor in the trio discovering a very special key in the possession of their time-travelling grandfather. Abaddon was a knight of hell, sure, but she was still no match for a full-powered archangel that the group just so happened to have on supernatural speed dial. Dean immediately nestled into the bunker that he had knowledge of from his own time-travelling adventures. He and Cas decorated their room sparsely at first, each unsure of how long they would stay there, but soon it became completely and totally
“I have heard of his arrival, but you are on the wrong side of Hell, Angel. Here, the souls are destined to be tortured for all eternity with no respite. On the other side, they keep the souls who are being prepared.”
“So, who’s the pie for?”
“Why do they do that, brother?”
“Listen here, soldier. You are to do as you are told, and
Dean put two pieces of toast, two sunny-side-up eggs, and four pieces of bacon on each plate. He smiled at Cas as he nodded to the stool on the other side of the kitchen island. They sat across from each other. Cas noticed a jar of apple butter in front of his plate.
Dean’s surprise is evident in his tightening grip around Cas’s shoulders. “Like, here as in Atlanta?”
“Those two would leave their shit everywhere and I can’t count the times I would find an article about capital punishment or some type of new tapeworm.” Dean made a disgusted face.
Cas went over to one of the suitcases he packed, which was as full of books as the airlines would allow. He unzipped it, the noise prompting Dean to turn around.
“Yes, Sir.”
Chuck smiles broadly as he pushes his glasses up his face and Dean knows better than to look at the smug son-of-a-bitch because he knows the desire to punch him may be too great.
“The Sam-Lilith love connection.”
Dean wakes up to Cas curled into him, with Dean’s arms encompassing him. Fully clothed. On a couch. That was not theirs.
Sam nods, purses his face and looks at Dean with a face that encompasses empathy.
“You feel bad about that whole, swearing his obedience thing, don’t you solider?”
“I adore your cooking.” Cas accentuated this point by placing another forkful of omelet into his mouth.
Once again, Castiel is unable to fully comprehend Dean’s words, so he continues to thumb through the book.
Fuck it. There were twenty-four hours in a day and Crowley could be summoned in one of the later ones.
“I’m tired, Dean. It is not of import.”
Dean didn’t allow himself to get lost in the sleepy blue that invaded his dreams in the best of ways.
“Yes.”
“Tsk. Tsk. Tsk.”
“That wasn’t your friend Bobby who called, Dean. It wasn’t Bobby who told Sam about the Seal.”
Cas allows a sort of laugh to escape his nose.
“Yeah, she’s a good one. So uh, Sammy’s really into salads and shit, so I was thinking we could do that.”
She raises an eyebrow at him.
“Okay. Last one opens and...”
“Oh, I’m sorry, did you really think you could stand a chance against Lucifer?”
Cas looks at the clock on the stove when he hears Dean’s voice: 4:07 pm. He wasn’t expecting Dean to be home until 5:30. He nervously looks up to see Dean at the entrance to the kitchen.
“Oh yeah, I wanted a classic Stang to take around the country, but Cas decided I needed a Toyota.”
“Hiya Sammy.” Dean offers cheerfully as he climbs up into Sam’s Ford.
Lucifer raises all of his eyes to the heavens. “Duh. What mission? Maybe I can help you.” At an attempt in a laissez faire attitude, Lucifer leans against the bars and regards Castiel with only half of his eyes.
They kiss once more before heading back into the living room.
“I miss you guys too.”
The Medical Examiner was a middle-aged man with bright red hair and thick black rimmed glasses.
“We are not.”
Uriel punches the demon once, twice, three times across the face, prompting another slick laugh. Castiel averts his eyes to the trap, ensuring its safety once more.
As Cas begins to move away, Dean panics and doesn’t let him, grabbing his wrists where a trench coat’s cuffs used to be.
Balthazar rolls his eyes. In a moment of sheer brilliance, he decides to keep his true opinion of Hannah to himself. He had always managed to hold his tongue where she was concerned, and this was not going to be the time he let anything slip. He adored Cassie, and never wanted to alienate the professor. He pretended to be aloof, but friends were rare, and he was in no position to lose one.
Dean instantly recognizes it as a panic attack.
“You think sarcasm’s appropriate do you? Considering…” Zachariah turns back to face Dean and Castiel knows, he knows, the angel is going to hurt Dean, just as he had so often done before.
“Get me to Sam. We can stop this before it’s too late.”
“I didn’t help you too much there, did I?”
The Void raises a single brow. His eyes move languidly to the Cardinal as the religious man begins an exorcism.
Cas furrows his brow. “Hum… you know, describing why one likes a certain type of music is difficult. But Bob Seger I suppose reminds me of a type of freedom I have never experienced. A type of freedom you seem to represent.”
“Yes, I can. And I intend to. Every day for the next sixty years. And then for eternity in heaven.”
Castiel regrets it as soon as he says it, Dean’s look didn’t harbor fear or pain, but anger. Castiel wonders if that was why he wasn’t allowed to remove the memories, so they could be used against Dean, a reminder of what could become once more. Dean’s exasperation creates a certain type of anger Castiel is unable to mitigate, and his responses become uncharacteristic, and perhaps even cruel. He tries to recreate the bond he felt only moments ago.
Oh, Dean. Castiel wished with all his grace he could let the man go, that he could go find Sam, and the apocalypse could be stopped. But that’s not what Castiel wanted, not really. Was it?
He knows the moment it comes out; it was the wrong phrasing. And normally, he would’ve just let it go, let Cas sulk, drown himself in some Jack’s, and then they’d both get the fuck over it. But now, it was different, wasn’t it? It had to be, two people didn’t pine for a decade then spend hours making out and not have something change. So maybe, Dean should reach out here, apologize, change his phrasing.
“Thank you. It was a present my twin, Jimmy, gave me on our thirtieth birthday. He was the only one in our family that understood my line of work.”
“Yeah, getting passed out drunk will do that to ya.”
“Does it matter?”
Cas felt guilty for leaving Sunday morning before Dean rose. He found a piece of lined paper in the kitchen’s ‘junk drawer’ and scribbled out a note. He made a pot of coffee for the other man when he woke, got out Dean’s favorite mug, and put the note beside it.
There he is, the Righteous Man. If Castiel knew how to make his vessel smirk, he would have taken the opportunity.
The pictures were obtained from: https://alacroixparis.com/
Sam lets out a type of chuckle. “Dean, I’ve known for a while, and I was just waiting for you to tell me. But now? We may actually die, and if that happens without you getting a shot at happiness, even for a few days, when I could have done something by just being an annoying little brother, I would never have forgiven myself, man.”
Thank you so, so much for reading! I hope you enjoy reading this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it! This chapter is kind of a long one as I just had so many things I wanted to put in there. I really do hope you enjoy it!
“I was so much better when we got you back. You were our win.”
“So, your boy’s at Bobby’s. Go pick him up, bring him here.” Another aggressive pat. “That’s a good soldier.”
“I too, hate my deal. I abhor my father’s actions, and I regret such a burden has been placed upon you. However, even if we were not contained in this pocket universe, time would have still passed, and we would have never gotten this. Perhaps as selfish as this is to admit, I am glad for our time here. I love you, and I feel I never would have your reciprocation had we been at the bunker. Dean, this, I worry this is some type of illusion crafted by a demon to torture me.”
“First, Zach sent me to this fucked up version of the future, then we get sent to another future that’s fucked up in a whole different way.”
“Ummhum?”
Dean laughed as Jess emphasized her exclamation by hitting him in the stomach with a throw pillow. Sam shook his head with a smile, all the while hoping his brother could be as happy as he was someday soon.
Cas wasn’t sure this was completely his friend, so his angelic eyes looked for Sam’s soul. And it was there, so he relaxed and took the seat in the recliner next to Dean.
Victoria rolled her eyes in her head. Is wasn’t that she didn’t enjoy people’s company from time to time, she just preferred it when it was on her terms. She thought she might have to compromise. The idea made her shudder.
Cas laughs, causing Dean to look questioningly into his eyes. “To shower, Dean.” He slaps the other man’s ass gently. “Get up, please.”
Chuck was sitting in front of a laptop, glasses he didn’t need perched on the end of his nose. Castiel had to exercise a great deal of self-control to not roll his eyes. He needed to at least be alive to fight the being in front of him.
“Okay, Dean. I suppose that means the second date is up to me, correct?”
*******
*******
“I’m not staying here.”
Dean pouts his lips in a comical fashion, moves his head back and forth as if he is deeply contemplating Cas’s statement and finally responds. “Makes sense.” ‘
“Dean, it’s okay. This is me you’re talking to. Not dad. I love you, Dean. For who you are. I also notice things, and it’s all okay, it’s all okay. I noticed it from the first time I saw you and Cas together. All those years ago. Attraction. And I’ve been waiting, hoping for this. Because you two need each other. I only realize how much when the other one is gone. It’s like you’re pining, and I remember that feeling, because I felt that way once too.”
“I expect this kind of crap from Sammy, Benny, but you? Come on, man.”
“Dude, can’t you just heal my blocked arteries like you have been for years?”
“They feel I’ve begun to express emotions, the doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgment.”
“You should not fear love, for it is the emotion that creates and inspires us.”
The Son smiles, a bright thing with a twinkle in his brown eyes. “You have been chosen, my brother.”
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Books, Movies, and/or songs referenced in this tale.
“What is it that you do Castiel?” Victor smiles slightly as he makes eye contact with the professor.
Castiel wonders what type of
” and Sam thought that was the worst choice of words he ever heard. And Dean? Dean looked relieved, lost, hurt, and sad all at the same time. Sam couldn’t help but wonder what happened, again.
Cas sighed as he untangled himself from the mess on the floor. “I can hand you the appropriate tools, Dean.” Cas wasn’t going to admit researching the various tools in the kit his niece made him buy, but he did at least have a working knowledge of what was in fact, what.
“Hum?”
“Cas, oh, fuck!” Dean immediately knelt beside him, trying to help him sit up.
Dean sat next to her. “We’ve been over this, it ain’t gonna happen.”
“Uh…” Chuck takes his glasses off and puts one of the earpieces between his teeth contemplatively. “Not really? I mean, I guess it could be described as that, on like a really base level. But, uh, there’s no bodies, so it’s more like a
“I’m gonna take a drive.”
“Nothing’s too good for you, buddy. How do you like your eggs?”
“Why?”
“Us.”
, quickly decided that was not the best course of action for the particular moment and put one of his arms to rest on top of Cas’s.
The man wraps a bandage around the wound, after placing oils on the lesion. “That will be one drachma.”
She did know, dear Lord above how she did know.
Castiel looks down at his attire and back up at Dean.
Chapter 4
Timing played a major role in the bringing of a Nephilim to the door of Dean and Cas’s bedroom in the early Fall.
“I don’t require them.”
Cas took their glasses and set them on the table. He turned his body so he was looking Dean in the eyes.
“You're possessing some poor bastard?”
Dean picks it up to further examine it. “I know Benny said this was extra lumber but I’m calling bullshit.”
ברך את בני, איך אני אעזור לך? (“Welcome my son, how am I to help you?”)
“A what? Those aren’t real. I’m gonna call the police.”
way. It was a ‘gross’ muttered good naturedly while walking by two people who were so obviously in love with each other they were only better and stronger together. It was disgusting in a way Dean never thought he would get to experience.
Dean places Cas’s coffee at the man’s normal workstation, hopefully encouraging him to slice the bread Dean needed to stuff and coat.
Her answer is short and all-encompassing: “Good.”
They walk around the store together; Patience helping Cas pick out the items on his list. He learns she is working full-time in the summer, will be a senior in high school in the fall, and hopes to be accepted into an Ivy-league school.
“It’s a lot of clothes, Dean.”
“Well, even if you aren’t hoping you can still leave him wishing.”
The narrowing turns to a scowl. “Why am I here?”
“Thank you, Sir.”
. It started the day he met Castiel. Dean telling him to stop, don’t shoot, it’s Castiel the angel. Which, really? Dean had shot him, stabbed him, pretty much tried to take him out on
Dean puts the empty plate on the nightstand and lays down, facing Cas. He kisses him tenderly, sweetly, and Cas can taste the remains of chocolate on his lower lip.
Cas moves his hands from around Dean’s neck to his hair and angles their heads so their lips will slot perfectly together.
“Yeah, but you’ll have to kill me. Then we’re back to the same problem. I mean, come on, you’re gonna wipe out a whole town for one little witch? Sounds like you’re compensating for something.”
“She’s great Doc… Cas. Uh, she just got a grant for her clinic, so that’s been awesome. Uh, she found me a single mom who needed some legal work done for a rental issue, so I’ve working some pro-bono too. It’s uh, it’s been good. You?”
contra nequitiam et insidias diaboli esto praesidium. (
“Do not thank me, Cassie. Michael is a bit of a pretentious archangel; he believes everything is right simply because it is ordered by Heaven.”
“Oh yeah. Uh, Sammy used to hunt with me.”
Cas smiles down at his beer. “Mary and I have had many discussions here, Dean. She believes you are in love with me as well. I told her I would never want to pressure you or make you uncomfortable. So, she made me a promise, and told me she would only bring you here if she felt you were receptive. However, I did not specify what type of reception. I would be honored to spend eternity as your brother.”
Dean wanders through the master bedroom, trying to find something to throw on for bed. He looks at the King-sized bed and narrows his eyes at the pictures on the nightstand. He goes over to them. The first is of him and Cas at what looks like their wedding. They look so fucking happy. Sam and Eileen are in it too, staring at each other sweetly. Dean clears his throat as he feels a familiar prickle behind his eyes.
Cas smacked his palm to his forehead.
Dean didn’t even spare him a glance as he kept on eating. Chuck set their plates up on the peninsula, and Cas still wasn’t sitting at his spot.
Uriel spares him a raised brow, a type of silencing.
He looks into the blue eyes he so often considered home. Cas smiles down at him sweetly, sadly, and begins to play with his hair. Dean can see the tiniest traces of tears in a sea of blue and he grabs Cas’s hand with his own.
“Novak, right cross, Dean, block it.”
*******
“No, you, you said you weren’t mature enough for our marriage then. That neither of us were, but I never let go of you Hannah, not really.”
Dean. The red deep in the pit of his grace surges, fueled by the fury.
Amara must have sensed his brother’s and Angel’s connection because she used Cas against the hunter frequently. She carved a message into Cas’s chest to make a point. She must have made Cas feel worthless enough to make him say ‘yes’ to Lucifer. Dean was so distraught over that whole thing. In spite of the Angel making his own choices, Dean was gonna ‘bring him home’. He yelled the Angel’s name time and time again, hoping for his friend to come back to him, force Lucifer out. Sam didn’t know why he didn’t, but he figured Amara must have broken him somehow. And Cas was broken, thinking Dean had died. But damn it all if the Angel wasn’t trying his best to make sure Sam was okay. He figured Dean must have told him too.
Her eyes scrunched up before a knowing look came over her pretty face.
Up Next: The Rapture
“You wanna retire with me?”
“Oh, did Gabriel remember all of your guys’ interactions?”
Cas stifles a laugh that is bitter. “I want a home with you Dean Winchester. I want to raise children who share your light. I want a dog, or a cat. I want a Miracle.”
“What did he tell you, Cas?”
“You deserve everything, Dean.”
Castiel thinks back to the physician who only wanted money. “You should’ve seen Luke.”
“Oh yeah, that was some pretty raunchy stuff huh?”
Anna turns one of her faces to Castiel then, their grace connecting even further.
Cas chuckles. “Good-bye.”
Castiel pushes Dean to St. Mary’s with an outreached hand and a push of grace.
“You, Dean, as always.”
Dean leans forward in the bench, his hands crossed between his knees. “Your orders were to follow my orders?”
Dean’s eyes glistened as he handed the book back to Cas as if it were a fragile piece of hand-blown glass.
“You need to learn how to manage a damn devil’s trap.”
Then Balthazar left, Dean didn’t really remember the particulars of that. And he said…. Oh fuck what he said. Fuck! Dean buries his head in his hands. Cas probably hated him, and he needed to apologize, although he really didn’t even know how to begin.
“Not a damn thing, man.”
“Do I want to know what kind of things?”
“Also, I heard you tell, uh Eddie, that we would pay his friends a visit.”
A fallen Winchester meant nothing to Zachariah, especially not with a soul like his. The angel would probably think of it as some sort of cleansing.
“I do not know how to answer that. I had sex with a reaper when I was human before, and then she killed me. My experiences with sex were not entirely pleasant before…”
Castiel’s faces look towards the sky created for the man who drowned in a bathtub. His grace is held taunt by an invisible force. He speaks to the voice commanding him.
A shiver moves through the angel and he keeps his eyes trained on the man in front of him – searching. Searching for the source of the warmth, searching for why the pit of his grace now felt as if it could be whole again, searching for why this man would be his missing piece.
“Morning Sunshine.”
Dean drops his hand with a wink, which earns him a smile from his boyfriend.
“Because you can’t keep a simple Devil’s trap together.”
Victoria was thankful for the distraction. “Yes.”
Perhaps he deserved that, he didn’t know.
“You are cruel to leave me like this Dean Winchester.”
That comment elicited a chuckle from Sam and an eyeroll from Crowley.
. Castiel thinks, often wondering the same thing himself, but never dare uttering such a phrase. Blasphemy was not treated kindly in Heaven. He begins to tell Dean what he was taught.
There’s a moment there, between them, when Castiel looks away before looking back to a forest of green that the heat intensifies, and Castiel wishes to move closer, his grace reaching out for connection, but he remains steadfast.
“I have been forced to fall in love with you many times, Dean.”
Crowley is unable to hide his amusement. “Come now darling, you and I are both aware there are not many things that can make a Hellhound whimper.”
“Yeah, I am.”
“See?”
Jess said loudly, causing Dean to smile.
Cas nods, an almost imperceptible thing.
A frickin’ angel of the Lord bearing his grace to his human. Dean felt pesky tears slip down onto Cas’s stupid white dress shirt.
Pamela places her hands over Dean’s eyes.
Dean smirks. “Yeah.”
“Thank you, sir. It’s an honor to meet you Dr. Novak, I’ve followed your work for quite a while.”
“Do you not want to?”
“Uh, okay, you, uh, ready?”
Victoria looked at Castiel, “Next time you do that, you have to concentrate on a particular time frame. Intently. You put your millennial knowledge and memories into my human head.”
Castiel smiles inwardly, knowing that although it wasn’t written, it was the only thing that felt
“Yes. She has been waiting on you.”
Dean nods, “Yeah, I know, right?”
“You happen to be the most qualified interrogator we’ve got.”
birthday when he heard a strange crash in a kitchen. Lee moves silently, stealthily, his years of hunting with Dean mere muscle memory.
“You can take your peace… and shove it up your lily-white ass. ‘Cause I’ll take the pain and the guilt. I’ll even take Sam as is. It’s a lot better than being some Stepford bitch in Paradise. This is simple Cas!”
“When?”
Cas leans into the comfort Dean’s body provides. “It is true. My brother always appreciated beautiful work.”
“Yeah, man. He loved you so fucking much, man.”
Sam answers as Dean takes another swig. “We’ll go from there. We’ll get him.”
Sam stumbled into the kitchen and sunk down beside his bother-in-law. Cas got up and made him a cup of coffee.
Dean loved the way his boyfriend phrased things.
Cas meets a familiar face in the grocery store parking lot, Billie and Crowley get dessert, the Void appears to John and Lee, and the boys summon a demon.
“And do you think I don’t know you would’ve saved those kids if you didn’t have to regrow all the parts of you that gave a damn? I know you Cas, and you, fuck Babe, you are the best of all of us.”
Cas was not used to being on the receiving end of Angel’s power, and frankly he was a bit annoyed by it.
“You can go wherever you want.”
Chuck clicks his tongue against his teeth.
He heard Jess next to his brother,
“Take your shoes off.”
“Yes. They are time-stamped I believe.”
*******
Castiel finds himself in the passenger seat of a car, a confining thing.
The former angel’s response was a wet towel thrown at his face.
*******
He smiled at her warmly, “Thank you.”
“He really said that?”
Castiel hesitates, he knows this will hurt Dean, infuriate him, and he wishes to not be the one to tell him. He thinks to the ether and wishes for its peace.
*******
In every way possible.
Victoria turned her head to the side ever so slightly while she focused on Sam. “Do not get caught.”
Cas stopped, causing Dean to stop abruptly beside him. Dean noticed they were back in front of the fountain. The blue-eyed man tilted his head and studied Dean intently.
Dean smirks at his boyfriend before pulling a draw from his beer.
“What’s going on Cas? Since when does Uriel put you on a leash?”
Cas leans against the Impala, breathing deeply. An FBI agent, really? He feels his phone vibrate in his pocket and answers it quickly.
Castiel slumps down the wall as Sam pins Alastair against the wall with his powers. Castiel is shaken, both from the ordeal and Sam’s power.
And then there was a ‘whoosh’ and then there was a kitchen? What the fuck?
They had captured a brother hiding on earth in a vessel not a week prior, his disobedience causing his imprisonment. Heaven’s jail was not a kind place, and both Anna and Castiel were hesitant to take their brother to incarceration. However, they were assured it was ‘for the betterment of Heaven’.
In Palo Alto, California, Castiel Novak sits in an overstuffed white chair, tablet in hand scouring through hotels in the American South. His university has granted him a year’s sabbatical in order for him to focus on his fiction, along with one non-fiction collection about ‘Two-toed Tom’, the alligator who purportedly terrorizes people in Florida and Alabama. As he is about to book a hotel in downtown Atlanta, he put his tablet on the coffee table to answer a call from his niece.
But the angel has enough there, enough history, to make him stop and turn around – albeit hesitantly.
Cas sighs, and looks directly in front of him, the night passing by in streetlights and white lines.
“Eh…” Dean shakes his head back and forth slowly before smirking, “But I love you.”
The rest of the meal is eaten in relative silence, so that no one will let anything slip about Dean’s real job.
The psychic shakes her head. “No, I got the real thing now.”
“I did not know you very well at the time, Dean.”
Dean perked up and smiled, “Oh yeah!” Okay, so although the woman touched Cas in a manner unbefitting to Dean’s possessiveness of the Seraph, she could bake. Damn well.
“Come now brother, we are all someone.”
Castiel regards his surroundings with awe. Gabriel is sitting beside him, amusement twinkling in several of his eyes.
“I do not understand why what they are doing is considered
Castiel only mildly notices Dean did not correct him when he mentioned Sam’s intake of demon blood. He releases Sam’s hand and Sam nods at him, in a somewhat confused manner. Cas keeps his attention on the youngest Winchester, as he cannot seem to pry his eyes away from the spark.
The young angel shirks at the presence of Michael, but Gabriel stands resolute, wings unfurled and proud.
The voice is smooth, pleasant, like honey pouring from a jar. Castiel regards his captor.
Balthazar puts the water bottle and the container safely on another plane and takes Cas’s face between his hands.
“He is excessively intoxicated. And, he…” Castiel loses focus again, eyes drifting to a lightning bug. He stays silent as he follows its path.
*******
“Chuck left early for once. TV and then dinner?”
And there it is, the admission. The everything Castiel knew but hoped wasn’t there. The orders weren’t true, they weren’t good, they weren’t righteous. His righteous man almost died.
“What the fuck happened, man? Where’s Cas?”
Hannah runs to the other side of the room and rips the painting of the archangel Michael off the wall, revealing a long silver blade underneath it. Before Hannah can grab the weapon, the creature places both of its human hands on either side of Hannah’s head, causing the woman to fall to her knees in pain. When the creature removes its hands, Hannah’s body slumps to the floor.
The figure on his right stands tall, long brown hair touching his eyelashes. He blinks, looking towards his master, confusion written across his handsome features and blue eyes.
Dean chuckled. “I have never heard flowers referred to as ‘organized’ before.”
Kissing an angel, on a beach, surrounded by candles, underneath the stars.
Cas shook his head back and forth in amusement as the waitress brought two glasses, a carafe of orange juice, and a bottle of champagne.
Cas nuzzled further into his husband’s neck, eliciting a chuckle from Dean.
“I’m your neighbor then, Kaia.”
“I’m good, Cas. Remember, you and Sammy?”
“Umm, did you go by… uh…”
Cas squeezes Dean’s ankle, grounding him. Which was probably a good thing because he was going to say something incredibly stupid. Dean offers the angel a smile and picks his book back up.
Cas found his speech impeded by the towel and put a gentle Marv-covered hand on Dean’s wrist, stopping his action.
“Your brother gave me a nickname.”
Dean really didn’t know how he was going to pull this whole ‘date’ thing off, but he knew he was going to make it fucking awesome. I mean, first off, it was Cas’s first date. Whatever that thing was with April didn’t count. Anna definitely didn’t count.
Chuck closes his laptop and looks to Dean and Cas who are sitting on the couch with no space between them. He nods and scratches behind his ear.
Dean’s eyes narrow as he leans forward, his and the angel’s knees almost touching. Castiel can feel it then, with Dean. The heat that seems to always be there when the two of them are close. His grace responds with tendrils reaching out toward the handprint he was so fond of. He could sense it, feel it, commune with it.
“Yes. Greater love hath no man than this, to lay down his life for his friends.”
Victoria nodded. “Probably.”
“So we can try to see where he is coming from?”
Victoria nodded. It wasn’t something she was particularly proud of.
Dean’s lips purse as he makes a sucking sound with his teeth, then goes back to putting the spices in alphabetical order.
Cas looks down at their hands and smiles slightly, enjoying the connection. “I never knew my mother.”
He looks at the phone somewhat guiltily, for reasons Castiel could not ascertain.
Cas feels tears at the back of his eyes as well.
Cas’s face sets, his chin jutted towards Dean in a defiant manner.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“Because I’m mad, and because you take it.”
Castiel feels as his vessel’s Adam’s apple bobs up and down in a display of emotion.
Grace tightens within the vessel of a man who perhaps had too much faith. “He used his… abilities.”
“Uh, I think we’re going to hang out soon.”
He knew Cas well enough to see the unease, the worry Dean would be angry with him for spying on him.
The smile and tears turned into a laugh and Dean’s stomach suddenly felt as if it were a bundle of nerve endings, each jumping around of their own accord.
“You are on the cusp, my friend, the brink. You can see me for who I am.”
Cas moves his hand to begin to play with Dean’s hair.
“Fine, get the first one.”
“I uh, I kinda have a crush on Spock.”
Castiel is saddened by the Righteous Man’s words, as if there is a type of disappointment there, and a need to be offensive before having to defend.
*******
“I am very happy to hear that Claire. Now, where have you found for me to stay?”
“Great second date, Cas.”
“What do you mean, no? Are you saying that I’m trapped here?”
“The instructions were unclear.”
“She did the spell. She rose the witnesses.”
Cas smiles with his lips this time, and Dean feels fucking butterflies (how the hell was that actually even a thing?) in his stomach. He does something so chick-flicky, something so incredibly Lifetime he almost pukes in his mouth. He picks Cas’s hand up from his chest, kisses the palm, and replaces it.
Thank y'all so, so much for the comments, kudos, and subscriptions! They mean so much to me as the author of this tale. I seriously cannot thank y'all enough for choosing to read this story.
Castiel truly believed their connection would allow their communication, and his grace was disheartened when he realized he could not.
*******
He wants Cas
Cas handed Dean the correct screwdriver. “I cannot thank you enough for this, Dean. My knowledge of assembling furniture is very limited.”
“Because you have a fondness for the desk clerk, and she is allergic to peanuts. So, if you tried to start a flirtation you might get more than you bargained for. I suggest you change your shirt now and switch to something less harmful to your coworkers for future meals.”
“Is this a disturbance?”
“Dude, you cannot just say shit like that”
Dean wiped his face and kept his eyes focused on the road.
“We won’t always be in here, Cas, and with the…”
“Like, how are you, how do you almost cry when you’re upset? How do mourn like you do, how do you care so damn much, man?”
Guilt encompasses him and a small oil well in Texas dries. He turns away from Dean and looks to the ground, his eyes safely averted from the man’s emerald ones. He tries to explain because that is all he can do.
Cas smiles slightly and leans into Dean’s side. “You know why.”
“Victor, maybe you can try to ‘place’ Cas when you’re not meeting my parents?” Jo nudges him with an elbow to the ribs.
Cas chuckles as he expertly cuts another piece of steak.
“Such a gentleman.”
But Cas came back, just like he always does. And even though he was in a vision coma from the Angel’s prodding, he understood the reasoning behind it. And Cas fixed it. With blackmail, which Sam was actually kind of proud of. And Eileen was there, and their family was whole, but it wasn’t. Dean and Cas wouldn’t even look at each other and Sam wondered what went down. Because something must have went down. The Angel wasn’t even answering his messages or calls. But now here he was, once more fighting the fight. Then, purgatory happened. And just like the first time it broke down his brother’s defenses. Because when they came back, and got him, they were good.
No camaraderie.
“Well, you made a cherry pie completely from scratch, so I’m pretty sure you got this.”
Castiel places a hand on the man’s forehead and regrettably erases the memories the two of them shared in Hell. Castiel would have preferred the man know how strong he is. He replaces the lid loosely, covers the grave back with dirt, and steps back. He watches silently, invisibly, with what would be bated breath as the Righteous Man claws his way out of the box. He breathes the equivalent of a sigh of relief as Dean emerges, shaken, confused, and lost.
“I get that.” Angrily, as to be expected.
“So what now, huh? The people in this town, they’re just gonna start dying again?”
“Rhode Island, all the glass within a ten-mile radius of a town explodes, injuring hundreds.”
Dean licks his bottom lip, scratches the back of his head with his hand, and shakes his head with amusement. He takes one last look at the pie, salt water suddenly threatening to escape his green eyes, and goes to get cleaned up as well.
Well shit on a shingle, Dean was not expecting
And damn it, if that angel didn’t look down and move the thing in his hands. Dean looked anywhere else but his friend’s crotch. Neither did he look at his own, because it seemed to be doing things. And damn it again, if that Angel didn’t smirk at the knowledge of where his blood was flowing.
Oh, it was hatred for humanity. The beings Castiel admired so much.
Up Next: "Lucifer Rising"
Dean went straight to his room, ignoring Sam, hoping his little brother would get the hint. He did, and left Dean to his own thoughts.
He sat up, upsetting Cas, who was also forced to sit up.
He knew that then. He wasn’t sure why he knew it, but he did. His vessel’s face betrays his mixture of inner turmoil and doubt. Her piece of his puzzle that was missing was screaming at him, demanding his attention, telling him to warn her – and yet, he heard nothing. Except, perhaps, an echo.
“If anyone can figure it out, it’s you guys.”
“Hi Eileen.”
*******
“No, Cas. I mean yeah, I put some things in front of you, but you still chose free-will all on your own.”
“Earth is corrupt and must be destroyed.”
“Thirsty?”
Dean rushed to Cas’s room as he heard a series of clangs, crashes, and a string of deep-voiced cusses. His hand hovers over the door paneling a few moments before he decided to knock.
The men nodded.
“They are our Father’s greatest creation, Uriel. They are to be watched, guarded, not judged.”
“Right? That’s why we took his class in the first place.” Sam was on a roll and even the big brother stare would not shut him up.
Cas almost growled at his charge. “I do not know, Dean, nor do I know how to express to you in other terms that I do not know. Would you like for me to try Enochian? Or one of the other thousands of languages that I know?”
“It is all behind us. Now, if you would like, we can talk about your friend. Maybe just the happy memories? Perhaps we can honor the person he was?”
?” Because Cas was never just another friend, he was
“Okay, so event number one, then Marv, who…” Sam picks up the file folder with the MIT results of Marv “consisted of nothing? The hell?”
This surprises Dean, and his eyebrows reach comically toward his hairline. “What?”
No, it couldn’t be doubt. He was an angel, he didn’t doubt. He knew his plan was just – it was from Heaven after all.
Cas smiles, a sad thing. But he knows Dean needs this, this promise of something more than this to keep going, and he is going to give it to him.
But what would’ve happened if he would’ve told Cas he wanted him all those years ago? Could they have had a house like this on earth? If Dean was being honest with himself he knew the answer – a resounding ‘no’. There was always a new big bad, always one of them self-sacrificing for the other. He and Cas couldn’t have this here – he knows that now.
“Yeah, we’re all good now, Cas. All of us.”
“Phillips head again, Cas.”
“Fuck that, Cas. We don’t do this anymore, remember? We gave the shoving shit down up because we wanted this to work, no more secrets, no more lies. You remember that?”
“Sam? Your prayer said you needed me to help, but that it was not urgent.”
The only thing that comes out though is a smirk. A disbelieving smirk.
*******
I really hope y'all enjoy this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it. I would love to hear from y'all, it always warms my heart to see y'alls comments and kudos. Thank you so, so much and I hope you enjoy!
Cas’s arms moved to around Dean’s waist and Dean relished the perfectness of it. Cas settled more into his back.
The prayer from his vessel was angered, rushed, desperate. It woke the angel instantly.
“I can’t see!”
Cas chuckles, his back still toward the green-eyed man. “I thought he had. Of course, we learned we were all simply puppets in his game.”
“I learned my lesson while I was away, Dean.”
“I was approached several years ago by a special agent about a case I could potentially offer help with.”
“Jesus! Don’t you two ever stop?!”
Dean chuckles. “Sure you are feathers. You some kind of new torture program? I mean, gotta admit, pretty easy on the eyes, but, other than that…” Dean clicks his tongue, tries to hide the shake in his hand, but is unsuccessful.
Then there was the second way. This combined a handmade top and bottom pie crust with frozen cherries made into a filling. This endeavor was shown as taking approximately two hours.
Castiel replaces the phone at the table and takes a sip of his coffee. He finds it somewhat agreeable, thinking of how the humans first discovered the beans. He smiles slightly, contemplating how far humanity has evolved. He cradles the cup in his hands, trying to feel the warmth through his vessel, but he cannot. He wonders sometimes, what it is like to be so fragile.
Castiel reluctantly flies once more to the green room, following Zachariah’s orders. The angel was concerned about Dean’s behavior and
“Younger you mentioned something while we were talking.”
“I have learned, on my trips back to Heaven, that I was an Angel who lamented killing Egypt’s firstborn. I tried to talk my stronger brethren into talking with God to take pity on those in Sodom and Gomorrah. I asked for the Nephilim children to be spared, their parents to be spoken with. I wished to have more arks built. I have always cared for humanity, Dean. There are volumes on me in Heaven.”
“If you told me you’d have to kill me?” Dean smirks.
“This is your job, Balthazar.”
The angel rests his palms on the table and faces Dean, almost mirroring his posture.
“Mmm-hum… Darling, is this
Dean lifts his head, regarding his pseudo-father. “Yeah?”
Dean nods and moves his head side to side. “Great.” He rolls his eyes and moves away from the Devil’s trap to sit on a work stool.
Lucifer could not rise, and they were losing at so many turns. Castiel did not understand, not really, How could he? They were angels, they were infallible, and they were losing against a bunch of demons. This could not be right, not completely. Or for that matter, at all.
“If you mean were you incredibly intoxicated, then the answer is a resounding ‘yes’.”
“You can say that to me all you want, Dean, I’m not leaving.”
The company line.
“Cas, are you a hitman for like the CIA or NSA or something?”
“No.”
*******
“Hello Doctor Green, I’m Victoria and this is Sam. I think you know which bodies we need to see.”
Castiel holds his gaze. “Because we’re about to destroy it.”
“You wouldn’t.” Cas smiles sadly and moves his hand from Dean’s shoulder back to his knee. He could read from Dean’s reaction that the other man got comfort from the feeling, and Cas did as well.
“No need to be a smartass, Cas.”
“And hot.”
Castiel simply stares at his father. His eyes are glistening from the memory of his brother.
“Oh, shit, sorry, uh…”
Sam nods.
He passes by Dean on the couch, who is curled up in a fitful sleep, the bottle of Jack sitting precariously on the edge of the coffee table.
He inhales deeply, allowing the sweet smoke to fill his formed lungs. He releases his breath in puffs of smoke. The rings encompass and encircle his head, creating a type of mobile. He watches as they disappear into the nothingness above him, entranced.
, they didn’t know enough to fool Charlie. She became their little sister pretty quickly.
The creature contemplates pulling over and ending John Winchester right now, but he would rather not face Sir’s wrath. The being becomes a bit concerned that it is starting to
“And you are also, human?”
“She was concerned after… well, whatever, it don’t matter. So, she said that she was gonna serve bad drinks to everyone I brought here. And she wasn’t lying. Some of the stuff, whew, tasted like the still it came out of was made from a car battery. So, I quit.”
The last paper. “The gates of Heaven themselves were shaken, Balthazar. All these incidences occurred at the same time; this is not mere coincidence.”
The album, just like the man who was always on the back of the artist’s mind, was an original.
“Before I got Sam from Stanford to find Dad.”
“I understand your not being able to reciprocate my feelings Dean, and perhaps I do lament I was not brought back in a female vessel, if not only to experience all things with you. Would that be a consideration, if my vessel were female?”
“Obviously.”
“Dean.”
Cas nods, contemplative. “I understand, Dean. You want our first kiss to be perfect.”
“No. Claire.”
And that made Dean want to take Cas back outside and show him just how spacious the backseat of a 67’ Chevy could be.
Dean’s eyes shine as he lifts Cas’s hand to his mouth, placing a gentle kiss on the back of it.
Dean stands beside him as Castiel slips the phone back into his pocket.
Crowley sighs as he smiles at the woman in front of him, a suggestive gesture she smirks at.
“What?”
*******
Okay, so Cas left it loose on purpose.
Claire sits back down. “He kept expecting her to come back, because he always did, and he just thought people were as loyal as he was. She never did, and then we got her fucking wedding invitation in the mail. I convinced him to see a therapist after that, helped him a lot. I thought you’d be good for him, Dean.”
Dean gently takes Cas’s top lip in-between his own. It is slow, purposeful, and Cas easily reciprocates. They fall back on the bed, Dean moving his lips to Cas’s neck, enjoying the noises he evokes from the angel.
“It must be nice to be so sure of yourselves.”
Victoria pulled out a red handkerchief from her coat pocket. She wiped off her hands as she stood. She put the handkerchief back in her pocket and turned to face the men.
Cas smirks and bends to whisper in his ear. “Second date.”
Cas breathed in deeply and followed Dean to the Impala.
He looks to Sam questioningly, with a hint of judgement and horror. Sam meets the gaze and looks away.
Castiel steels his nerves. He grips onto the handle of the cart, as if for support. He remains quiet, assuming she will continue.
Castiel looks to his shoes, and he toes a piece of stair that came lose.
“God, you’re a dick these days.”
Dean shrugs, a smile on the right side of his lips. “I don’t know about you, Cas, but I kinda feel like I can do anything right now.”
*******
Cas looked flushed as well, which was an interesting look on an angel, neither one looked at each other.
Rhea jumps at Cas’s legs as soon as the little dog spots him. He bends down to pick her up and then sits beside his niece.
Dean grins, still keeping his head down. “I won’t lose him again Bobby.”
*******
“Was it the demons?”
. Jack kinda went off on a tangent and Pinterested it up, making their bands from angel blades forged in hell fire (Crowley helped here and offered a place in a ménage a trois if they would be interested). Mary and Eileen also took great care in planning the whole thing, and they held the ceremony in the barn where Cas made his grand entrance all those years ago. And Bobby, because he also gets into these things even though he won’t full on admit it, made it so the lights would blow when Cas walked down the aisle.
Dean tries to swallow the lump that built in his throat, but is fully unable, and speaks around it.
He smiles slightly as he once more picks up his fork.
Cas wipes away the tears running down Dean’s face with gentle thumbs.
Zachariah rolls his eyes.
Without turning around, without moving, he hears a gravelly, low:
The demon looks to Sam, the picture of calm. “Do you really think, you flannel-clad nightmare that I would really let BLOODY LUCIFER OUT OF THE BLOODY CAGE?!”
Castiel swallows a strange emotion rising up from his pit into his throat.
“Most of my books are contemporary pieces on criticisms of lore, but I have a few special volumes I can’t be too long without.” He takes a copy of
“That was more complimentary to me, Dean.”
Dean sits up, wrapping the blanket around him. Sam notices the three-day-old hair growth on his jaw and notes he’s not too far away from a full beard.
The portraitist uses the smallest brush he owns to paint intricate lines on the man’s shirt in order to mimic the back muscles he was so familiar with.
“So, how’s he looking?”
Michael’s faces turn toward the land they stand in front of. “It is there you are correct and mistaken at the same time, brother.”
“Well, turns out he is one of Balthazar’s chosen.”
“You read how.”
Dean lets out a chuckle as he plops back onto the bed.
“Why you so fond of me man, huh? I mean, I’m reading
She opened the case to reveal bullets.
“I do.”
Timing was critical when Dean and Castiel Winchester placed a flower crown on their daughter’s head so she could be the flower girl for her Uncle’s wedding. She smiled and winked at them as she skipped down the aisle, Dean and Cas following behind. Dean and Cas stood beside Sam, they watched his face as Eileen made her way down the aisle, tears pooling in hazel eyes. They took one another’s hands and smiled softly at one another, the promise of everything held in their eyes.
*******
“I would’ve waited till Sam left.”
“Holy shit.”
“Do you remember when Lucifer fell?”
, I can tell you to go fuck yourself.”
“I do not understand that reference.”
Castiel furrows his brow. “He has far too much power to be a regular Nephilim.”
“Anna.”
Claire steps in and nods. “Yeah, he does that when he thinks he’s not wanted. It’s annoying. But he’s never ignored
Castiel’s grace flows unsteadily as he contemplates the best answer for the angel in front of him. “He saved me, and Dean. He… killed Alistair.”
Castiel’s eyes move toward the roof of the modest dwelling.
Dean’s lips pout in a lethargic manner. He shrugs with barely any movement, either not really caring or trying not to. Chuck refills his glass.
She smiles, nods to the ground, and starts back walking. “Can I put my dad’s info in your phone contacts?”
Castiel stands in front of pristine white desk, the sanitary aspect of it bringing a slight feeling of anxiety to the angel’s grace. The room was impersonal, sanitized, and it smelled of the substance the humans called ‘rubbing alcohol’. If Castiel had a stomach, it would have turned.
“What the hell was that?”
Sam looks at his watch as he’s straightening the papers. “No thanks, I probably need to head on home, Jess will be back soon.”
“Well, I uh, guess we gotta see how we can make time speed up, huh?”
“I took it upon myself to order.”
Dean scratches the place Cas’s hand just left and smirks. “You ready to head downstairs Angel?”
Castiel approaches them silently and plunges his blade through Aristede’s back, causing the demon’s form to fill with red electricity, and then he disappears. The girl turns to him in fear, her eyes wide, and holding a knife in front of her. Castiel shakes his head slowly and she replaces it onto the table.
Joe was all but blubbering now, and the creature really wishes he would wipe his face with some type of cloth.
Carving was a pastime Dean enjoyed. He took out the Led Zeppelin CD and replaced it with a Bob Seger one. “Old Time Rock and Roll” began playing as Dean sketched out the design he roughly wanted to follow.
He bends down to pick up a splinter of glass from the cold floor, his fingers scraping over the edge, slightly cutting him. He feels the grace acting within his no longer borrowed veins to heal the site, and he knows he must act quickly. He slices a gash on his forearm, and allows the blood to trickle upon the bit of soul, while chanting:
“I don’t believe that. I think you’re covering.”
Charlie smiled. “Okay, so explain to me again why it’s a bad idea?”
The bloom in the pit of grace throbbed.
“Hum?” The angel was practically glowing from being loved back.
Dean sighed. “You know it’s not that easy, my life is, well you know.”
Castiel tilts his head.
“Older version…”
“Yes, Dean. So…” Sam got a laser pointer with a clicker and stood next to the television, addressing his audience of two. “When we were at the church, you two decided to engage in an argument instead of helping me keep the hell hounds out.”
Cas was beautiful here. He was radiant, whole. Dean was entranced.
“Just like my brother, man. Okay look, tell me what you like and uh, I’ll order.” And there it was, Dean’s million-dollar grin that impressed the ladies, the men, and everyone.
Dean takes their sundae glasses and puts them on the side table. He leans in towards Cas and takes his top lip gently between his own.
“With a capital “N”, Baby.”
“Please, please, please, oh God… I didn’t think this would really happen.” The soul begins to cry, great big tears that fall from his face onto the tile floor, making a slight ‘splash’ sound. The girl shakes, her fingers unable to pick a weapon.
“With using your words?”
“Come to bed, Dean.”
“I’m on sabbatical.”
“What is this?”
“Now what?”
Anna stands by Castiel as they look at the scorch marks of wings on the warehouse floor. Their fallen brother.
“Hey Cas, what smells so good?”
Castiel’s brow furrows and he speaks for the first time, “I don’t understand that reference.”
Dean’s head rests on the pillow on Cas’s lap and Cas looks down at him sternly as the green-eyed man proceeds to laugh.
Sam starts laughing. “It bothered me so much. I always had to clear my throat when I came into the room and the two of you were already in there. So intense Dean. And then the whole, ‘you’re like our brother, Cas’. Uh, right, if you ever looked at my lips and licked your own I would be horrified. Like, just leave the house and never come back.”
“That don’t matter, man, okay? You save it for yourself. I don’t want it.”
“Heaven’s hitman. Has a ring to it.”
. He can feel every bit of skin on Cas’s lips, the chapped fragments where thin skin would soon fall and the smooth, plump, slightly wet portions, and how each kiss sucks on his skin. He can feel his blood in his veins, can feel each layer of skin as Cas works there, the blood rising to meet flesh, forming a bruise. Dean longed for Cas’s mark. He could feel his heartbeat, feel its pounding, and the blood
Fuck!
Dean begins to rub up and down Cas’s arm and suddenly notices the lack of clothing. How the fuck did he just now notice his angel was wearing just a t shirt? The angel’s muscle is prominent, and Dean stops rubbing and detaches himself from Cas as he sits on the other end of the couch.
The angel makes a type of ‘hum’ that indicates an affirmative.
Sam just shook his head with amusement as he walked past their door on his way to brew some coffee. He was surprised to see the younger version of his brother already at the table, mug in hand.
*******
“Details, Crowley. I have another engagement.” Her eyes languorously move to an elderly man, listening intently to the band.
Castiel regards him fondly. “You seem very kind.”
“You get me right after, understand?”
that broke through to the Seraph’s brainwashed mind, both he and his best friend pretended it was the connection to the Angel tablet. That particular shove of emotions was the equivalent of high quality organic plant food on the seed in his soul.
“Good. Bye Cas.”
Sam furrows his brow. “So, Cas wanted something, and ended up here?”
“Are you tired?”
Cas squeezed his hand tighter.
“Turn around and walk away now.”
The Christ turns to him then, a broad smile on a weather-worn face. His crow’s feet crinkle with mirth and he looks younger and yet older than his thirty-three years.
And yet… there burned an inexplicable flame in the midst of his grace. He kept it hidden, for it was a small, red thing easily disguised in the folds of wavelengths. He knew whatever it was, was not common, not something to display like the emerald green of righteous pride. Oh no, this was scarlet, sanguine, and most assuredly not condoned.
“I feel he tortured you far more than he did me, Dean.”
Chuck sighs. “I guess. He was a loose cannon, all righteous. It was annoying.” Chuck claps his hands and rubs them together again before developing a type of self-satisfied and smug grin, “All right, my favorite part.”
Sam looks disgusted and Cas rolls his eyes.
“I think you deserve the world, son, but I guess I may be kinda partial.”
Cas removes his body from Dean, and they become two separate entities once more, although not really, for they never really were – soul to grace and grace to soul and all that.
“Thank you. I am sorry for monopolizing this particular section of the produce for so long.”
Castiel revels in the younger Winchester using his nickname and is saddened by the flicker moving as if a breeze is threatening to blow it out. He touches two fingers to Sam’s head, to make him fall asleep. He moves towards the room he knows Anna is being kept in. His attention is so intent on seeing the former angel, he does not feel Dean’s fear as Uriel pummels him. He thinks, although the thought passes quickly, that if he is the first one to reach Anna, maybe, just maybe, they could escape.
“Yeah, no, it’s okay.”
“Uh, I think we have some stuff for a salad if you want to put one together.”
“Cas, you all right?”
“Oh yeah, sure.”
, and by extension, not to
The creature has not walked more than thirty feet when he runs into another man, a grin plastered on his face, shotgun in hand.
His eyes move slowly along the bodies in front of him. One eyebrow raises on his forehead as he settles upon a minion whose form materialized into what appeared to be a fiftyish human male with salt and pepper hair. His beard was of the same shade, his hairline was receding, and his face was round. His full lips were perpetually glistening, a feature that disgusts the Creature. The Void draws taunt cheeks in even further as he visually regards the minion; his eyes narrow in scrutiny. With a long finger he beckons the cretin to approach his ornate chair.
Okay, so the angel making him food before he even got up made affection flow throughout Dean’s entire body and he wanted very much to kiss Cas right then. But there was Chuck staring at him like they were some characters in the “Sims.” Dean figured to Chuck, they probably kinda were.
Thank you so, so much for reading!! Thank you all so much for the kudos, comments, subscriptions, and bookmarks! They warm my heart! I am so glad y'all are enjoying this story!
“So, what you’re saying is, you and me, we got forever to experience this?”
“Your head is almost touching the roof.”
“But, like, when I was thinking about becoming Michael’s meat suit the first time, when you and Sammy locked me in that room. You remember that?”
Janie rolls her eyes. “I promise y’all are not gonna hurt each other. I kinda don’t want to get sued here.”
Castiel turned around so they would be face to face. He took Dean’s face gingerly into his hands and kissed his perfectly shaped dark pink lips ever so slightly.
He can feel Dean’s disbelief change into something else, something much more dangerous.
But he didn’t come back? Why?
to understand, again.
The physician looks upon the man with disgust. “Fine, I will take it. But heed you my words, if I am to be called here again, I will require payment upfront. And your wound may fester, so I suggest you get your house in order.”
Cas nodded, “Of course.”
“It was straight out of Brokeback Mountain!”
Cas lowers his head and raises a solitary eyebrow at his husband.
Thank you so much for reading!! I would love to hear from you guys! I hope you enjoy!
*******
“You mean my family?”
“You might wanna lose some of the layers, Cas. May in Atlanta doesn’t lend itself to a trench coat.”
“How did Sam not know you weren’t Bobby? ‘What is up?’ Come on.”
“Yes, it meant a great deal to him.”
Before he can land another blow, he is stabbed through the neck by Anna.
I do not own Supernatural or any other TV Shows, Movies, Books, and/or Songs mentioned in this tale.
“I never leave, Sam. You know that.”
*******
“No.” His voice is resolute as he drops the blade to his hand.
The both smile at each other softly.
Castiel almost hears a hint of fear, and he enjoys it.
Cas nods as he bends down once more to wipe the blade off on the man’s shirt.
“Hum?”
Victoria Doyle had worked with the occasional hunter before, but never any with the notoriety these two had. They were both loved and hated by other hunters, mostly hated. She knew they had saved the world a few times, but she also knew they were sometimes the ones that caused it to need saving.
“I’d be happy to.”
Dean chuckles, and realizes Chuck is slightly chuckling too. He almost forgets the douche is there sometimes, intruding on him and Cas. But Dean decided a couple days ago that he wasn’t gonna waste a minute with Cas, even if his father was there, being an expert in douchiness.
But now? All these centuries later? The angels and humans both felt abandoned and one angel and two humans were trying to keep the whole shebang together. And for everything he created he couldn’t imagine why. What was so good about it anyway?
“Okay, so he flew in, and you what, thought Cas was spying on you?”
He turns and cries out once more in a barely audible whisper: “Anna, please.”
One by one the children line up to take a cup from their former benevolent teacher’s hands. They sip as they also take chocolate chip cookies from a plate that contain arsenic, just in case the Kool-Aid was ineffective.
At those two words, Castiel’s own anger returns; upset Dean would insult his father in such a manner. He stares into Dean’s eyes, his own narrowed in disapproval.
“Yes, all me Dean. All of my celestial intent the size of the Chrysler building shoved into a six-foot-tall man.”
“Kay, so today I’m thinking we combine “Are you there God? It’s me, Dean Winchester” and “In the Beginning” sound good?”
Cas breathes deeply and smiles sadly at the angel.
“But the memory foam, Cas! Your bed doesn’t remember us!”
Dean plopped into his usual recliner, beer in hand. “Where’s the kid?”
The Void closes his eyes. He watches as his two new creations make their way into the lives of the humans they replicated. He smiles slightly as he takes another sip, his lips alternating between the glass and the wood.
Sam stuck his tongue out at his brother.
“It’s not… blame that falls on you Dean.”
“Have a drink with me?”
Zachariah places one of his tendrils on the cart, recoils, and wipes the tendril on a cloth that was hanging on the cart’s side.
“Your university gave it to me.”
“Isn’t now a good time?”
“I suppose the residual grace within me kept my form from anatomically changing.”
Until he met Dean Winchester.
They don’t take anything further than kissing that night, but Dean realizes he wants more, which makes him hopeful. He truly wants Cas, in every way. This makes him realize that he will be happy, completely happy with the human Castiel on a lake property with a garden and hives and maybe a dog, and who knows, even kids? The thought warms him through completely, and he kisses Castiel once more, to ensure that this is in fact, not a dream.
“Oh yeah, and what did you learn from these PDF’s?”
He kisses him again, this time more fully, his hand behind Cas’s head, tangled in his hair, angling his head so their mouths would slot together perfectly. He feels Cas’s hands on his back and he deepens their kiss before breaking away, looking at the perfection that was his angel – his husband.
Dean nods solemnly. “Thanks kiddo.”
Sir’s eyes hold nothing, and the Being disappears from the nothing around him.
“You can’t bring them back?”
Dean nods.
Dean gives him a complete and total ‘what the ever-lovin’ fuck?’ expression.
“Which is not always better.” She cocked an eyebrow at him, causing the hunter to flush ever slightly.
His eyes are momentarily drawn to the demon standing next to his charge, the one Sam engaged with on 425 Waterman. Repulsion floods through him and he is thankful for the distraction of Dean’s voice.
Well, fuck. Dean did not get flustered. Dean flustered. Maybe that’s what made Cas different, unapproachable for all these years. There was the fear of rejection. And its not like he gave Cas a clue, he tried to hide his feelings, but by Sam’s all-knowing face, he knew he sometimes did a poor job.
It was at that moment Dean noticed Cas was eating. “Cas, what are you doing? I thought everything tasted like molecules and that was ‘unsettling’.” Dean’s attempt at air quotes almost made him drop his pie. He sat on the stool next to Cas to prevent any accidents.
The summoning brings him to an abandoned building. He stands outside of it, his angelic nature not yet knowing how to remain fully unbridled causing wind and lightning. The doors of the building swing open, allowing Castiel entrance. The lights explode above him, and he looks up curiously. The sigils painted above, below, and around him are innumerable, and he is impressed by both their accuracy and intensity.
in it.
“Don’t I?”
“Great. So, uh in Key West a few species are gonna go extinct, uh, some fisherman in Alaska are going to be struck blind, and last but not least – a teacher in New York is going to kill sixty-six of her students, got it?”
“That’s Enochian.”
*******
Castiel’s nostrils flared and he kneeled. “You betrayed our Lord.”
“Hey, it’s not your fault, Buddy, okay? Zach, major dick.”
“I’m gonna make you some food, okay? And then I’m not gonna leave your side the rest of the day. And then, I’m gonna take you on a date.” Dean didn’t think that last bit through completely, but he was gonna make it happen.
“Cas, you will have me the rest of your human life, I mean… if you want.” Dean couldn’t imagine someone wanting him that long, or really in the first place.
“To issue a warning, Uriel. Can you not see the value in it, brother?”
“Hum?”
“Sammy, come on, it’s not like we don’t have connections.”
The child looks up, terror is written across his young features as he looks into eyes he knows aren’t quite right. With a mumbled ‘scuse me’, he joins his compatriots. The creature watches after him, looks as he purchases an orange push pop. It stares as the young human eats the ice cream, smiling and laughing alongside his friends. The orange confection dribbles down his chin and the creature is reminded of Joe’s blubbering.
Cas’s eyes narrow. “Really, Dean? What do you think was removed from my memory before I betrayed Anna to Heaven? Hum? Do you think they left in that bit where our graces connected?”
Cas laughs, an easy thing, and Dean’s pit fills with warmth, and desire.
“Lucifer cannot rise.”
The Void smirks, a dangerous gesture, and John swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down.
Victoria got up from her seat and put her hands in her pockets. She had thought he might be dead, but she hoped he wasn’t. Now that she knew, she felt nothing, just emptiness. He had been her best, and only friend. She spent almost all her time with him when she wasn’t working a case. Sometimes, he helped her with those.
“So, uh, yeah, not the time.”
Cas closes his eyes for a second before responding. “Yes.”
Chuck’s head goes from shoulder to shoulder as he pretends to look like he’s contemplating something. “You’re right. Next time, I won’t pull strings, plant characters, people, whatever. I want this to sell all on its own, by its own merits. But you know, it’d be a shame if it had a tragic ending.”
Dean feels tears pool in his eyes, his pride for Sammy knew no bounds.
“Fine, Cas, damn.”
Cas tilted his head, eyes narrowed at the youngest Winchester. Sam legitimately winked at him.
Dean’s thumb rests in the slight cleft of Cas’s chin, and his mind runs through all the things he is going to gift Cas with tonight when they are alone.
And right then, maybe they were.
“I talk to you more than anyone.”
Cas nods, and Dean can feel the stubble he has dreams about.
“I mean, that’s definitely part of it.”
Cas purses his lips and takes Dean’s chin in his hand. His thumb runs over the slight cleft there.
The next paper. “Dickson, Tennessee: a man reports all the catfish in the pond on his property dying.”
He breathes in, steeling himself.
Chuck presses the period key with a flourish. “And that is the end of chapter one.” He looks so self-satisfied, Dean wants to punch him again, and he smiles slightly as the squeeze that follows his thought.
Cas smiles at her, “Thank you, that is very kind. However, I think I will have to pass this evening.”
After the pie was safely on the counter and the orchids in the middle of the dining room table, Dean pulls Cas to him again. He kisses him tenderly, this time the other man encircling his neck with his arms.
. Perfectly fits right over the handprint Cas left on him in hell. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
Thank you all so, so much for the kudos, bookmarks, and subscriptions!! They mean so much to me and make me smile. :-)
Castiel had absolutely no idea why he was agreeing to this. None.
“Cas, it was your job then, Buddy. I get it. I ain’t mad or nothing.”
I am overwhelmed by y'alls reception of this fic. I cannot tell you how much your kudos, subscriptions, and your lovely comments have meant to me. Thank you so, so much lovely and wonderful readers. You are beyond fantastic. Your comments and kudos have helped me not only to write but in other areas of my life as well. It has been a difficult past few months and when I would think of how lovely yall's comments have been, they helped me immensely Thank you so much!!
Dean barely whispers, but Cas hears, not only because he is a celestial being with super-human hearing, but because he is Castiel listening to Dean Winchester, and Cas could hear a yearning, an unspoken prayer, a murmur, Castiel could hear Dean’s
“I think she may have heard something. We should probably give her a minute to figure it out.”
Castiel nods with understanding, sadness obvious in prominent blue. “I understand Dean. I too may have moments. For there is nothing I desire more than a life like this with you, out there in the ‘real’ world.”
is composed of. What could it possibly
Sam huffs out a very slight laugh. “Jack.”
Dean knew there was nothing he could say here, nothing that would make this better. So, he kissed the top of Cas’s head over and over while rubbing his arms and pressing them as close together as possible.
Castiel looks to the side, unable to meet warm brown eyes that hold all the sincerity humanity and divinity could muster.
“How do you even do that buddy, I mean, it’s not like you have a soul to let you have emotion.”
Cas steps closer once more and runs his finger down Dean’s jawline. He pulls his bottom lip into his mouth and smiles slightly at the reactions Dean’s body is giving him.
“Yeah, I thought you could use some help.”
He can feel the emotion on his angel, as if it is radiating through his skin into Dean’s soul. It’s warm, and inviting, and fucking
Truth. Dean deserved truth.
“I’m sorry. I should have made you aware of my location.”
“Right.”
Dean knows what bottling does, all he has to do is look in the mirror. So, since this is his boyfriend (he decided on the term when they climbed into bed side by side that night) he presses.
She smiles as Cas signs “Thank you” on his way to the library.
Tears threaten to escape the woman’s eyes. She cradles the mug between her hands, allowing the warmth to spread throughout her body. She looks to the table next to her and sees the wedding picture with her and Joe, their second wedding. Castiel was sandwiched between Joe, but he was so much more than just a filler.
“You think I saved the world?”
“Do you like hunting?”
*******
“Shut up!” The vampire yelled.
“Were they overwhelming you out there?”
“With Tom Hiddleston?”
“For what it’s worth, I would give anything not to have you do this.”
Sam downed the rest of his beer and went to get two more. He knew the three of them were like brothers, well he and Cas were, and he would do anything for Cas, die for him even, but he couldn’t stifle the twinge of jealousy he felt that Dean and Cas shared a more ‘profound bond’, a bond Sam knew went much deeper than either the Hunter or the Angel would ever come to terms with. Ever is a final word though, and Sam hoped, that maybe, just maybe he was wrong. His jealously went a little further than the bond though, because he had always believed, always had faith, yet it was Dean who got the angel.
Earnestly, with pleading eyes he utters: “I’m alone.”
“Why don’t you give me a tour of our house, angel?”
On a plane different from our own, pulled out of the ether, a shining, shimmering, glistening void begins to take form. The void rises, slick, brilliant, and indescribable. The shape begins to move, long legs taking form, leading to a torso, shoulders, then a head, a face begins to take shape, long nose, eyes set fairly close on either side. Hair slicked back, gray standing out on the temples. The void now appears as a man, around six feet, five inches. The attire he manufactures from the ether surrounding him consists of an expensive three-piece suit that fits his chosen form well. A golden pocket watch hangs from the pocket of his vest and he pulls it out to check the time.
“How is Jessica, Sam?”
“You recruited us?”
“Because you’re entertaining Cas. You’re fun. No matter how many times we torture you, you always just go back to loving
Victoria began to walk around the room. She knew he wasn’t going to cut the girl, he was entranced. The vampire’s gaze followed her. “First of all, Eddie, that was rude. Second, we can’t leave, because you are holding that young lady against her will. We don’t take kindly to that. Third, you’ve been so busy watching me, not that I can blame you, that you didn’t notice the giant about to put a 45-caliber bullet into your brain.”
“Yes, it is painful. My wings will be ripped from me and I will lose my essence, essentially. However, I will be given a soul, and I will still be me. I will have to adjust, but I hope to have you this time.”
But only it wasn’t, not really. But it was the first time it mattered, the first time he thought about breaking the rules of Heaven and falling. The first time because of
“Why can they take down angels?”
Victor narrows his eyes at Dean as he gestures towards him with his fork. “Listen here, Winchester, he looks familiar, okay, and I can’t place him.”
He walks back to the door, no longer under Anna’s trance, their grace miles apart in a small space.
“There have been no deaths there in the last ten days.”
“Sunday?”
“Our orders…”
Castiel narrows his eyes as he places more water in Judas’s mouth. “Prepared for what?”
Castiel regards him with distaste. “Father created humanity in His image, Uriel. The Son was human. Do these things mean nothing to you?”
Cas in ways he never thought he would need anyone before. That thought is both terrifying and comforting.
That was wrong, wasn’t it? One of the sins?
“That’s helpful.”
The Seraph flew instantly and arrived at a cozy tavern. He approaches his superior solemnly – the perfect solider.
. Led Zeppelin records cover one of the walls, where they are intermingled with classic country records.
Dean couldn’t convey his emotions properly for this exact moment. Cas was unsure of how to proceed and happened upon the one person he needed to hear from – the one person he looked up to from the beginning. Dean always thought Cas just took a second to think about it, but of course that wasn’t it. He had to be told he
Castiel looks to him, then turns his vessel’s eyes to the children playing in front of him. He wonders what they are to become, those children. He is grateful Dean chose to save them. He is unsure if the hunter passed Heaven’s test, but he most assuredly passed Cas’s.
“Dean.”
Sam chuckles as he comes to pat them both on the back before leaving the shed. “You should’ve seen him when we first met him.”
“That’s not what I mean.”
“I cannot ask this of him, not this.”
“But uh, but, Jack was right. I was so bitter, Cas, when you were gone, when Lucifer killed you. And man, I just about had given up, you know? Nothing seemed worth it anymore and I was so hard on that kid.”
“Vic, what the hell?”
“You were out for quite a while.” Sam made sure she could stand up on her own before letting her go completely.
Dean scoffs again, causing Balthazar to roll his eyes.
“Hey guys, uh, so Dean says that, and I quote: ‘brunch is served fuckers’.”
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, breathes in deeply, nods, and continues.
“Leave, bitch.”
The demons were holding Ruby in-between them, her breaths ragged. Castiel pondered, as Uriel advanced.
*******
Anna and Castiel watch as a young boy chases a herd of sheep, laughing all the while. His mother calls out for him, announcing it is time for the midday meal. With the boy’s departure, the sheep gather around the two angels.
