“I need answers.” Castiel’s gravelly voice with thick with impatience.
Castiel snarled and let go of Dean, shoving him back into the sink. There was another fluttering sound, and the angel was gone.
Sam looked for the witch. She was no longer standing next to him or Crowley but was back over by the magic window. When had she moved? Sighing, he moved quickly to her, and peered over her shoulder.
Dean tried scooping out some eggs from the pan onto a waiting plate. About half ended up on the stove. He just couldn’t seem to keep control of his hands. This was bad, but he didn’t have time to think about that.
to cut the stitches away from Gabriel’s mouth.
Now, Sam got it. "You want revenge."
“Cas...Castiel, what do you want to know?” Dean asked holding up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.
"Why are you still here, Crowley?" Sam asked, fixing his steely gaze on the demon. "Exactly what is your contribution to all of this?"
There had to be something here somewhere, someplace he hadn’t looked.
“No-” Castiel heard Dean shuffle to his feet.
“What do you say, Deano? Give daddy some sugar?”
"Dean," Castiel said, firm and clear. "I know you are awake."
“Do you understand? I am not your reward for a job well done. I am not your ‘buddy’ or your friend. I am not here to be anything you need...to be at your mercy...to be your…”
Navigating the stairs was a slow and gritting process taking far longer than Dean would care to admit. Each step jolted his ribs, reminding him how badly he was beaten up. Sure, he’d been beaten up worse, much worse, but he’d at least always had a little of the hard stuff to help to take the edge of the pain.
"And I suppose you know what is?" Sam said, slowly sitting back down.
“He’s smacked-up on grace,” Crowley whispered with an edge to his voice.
had to stop her.”
Dean’s prayers hadn’t ceased. In fact, they had become more urgent, but less coherent to the point the angel wasn’t sure the hunter even realized he was praying.  What was going on? Castiel’s eyes blazed now, not with anger, but with a growing sense of alarm.
This time, Sam was pretty sure he heard something snap as it felt like a tree had just slammed into his gut. He fell to the ground on all fours gasping for air. His eyes watered with tears.
"It's trippy, I know," Gabriel explained. "Look, remember how I told you I went into witness protection from my family in the first place? Well, who do you think put me there?"
Rowena continued to sit quietly for a few minutes before she reached out and laid a gentle hand on Sam’s arm. “You’ve been trying to fix it ever since, haven’t you?”
Dean was trapped in Bobbyland with only one chance, Castiel. The angel could heal him. All Dean had to do was convince him, maybe beg him. Wouldn’t that be a kick in the nuts?
"So why...why isn't he saying anything?"
A loud piercing whistle shot through the room, accompanied by a soft whimper.
"You bloody wanker!" The hunter heard Crowley yell from somewhere. "You put a tear in my suit!"
Dean had kissed and missed him. For just a little while, they had tuned out the past. They had finally been together in a way the angel was convinced they were meant to be.
Dean takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly before answering. “First, you gotta promise that whenever you start to get afrai-”
Dean touched him! Memories and moments twisted in the angel’s consciousness. Time warped merging past and present. Demon and human overlapped and became one.
She held up her hands and began quickly withdrawing from the room. "On it. I'll check the Book of the Damned and see what spells I can find to add to the bunker's defenses."
A howl of frustration and despair suddenly echoed around the yard.
“Look at me!” Cas snarled even as he continued to rattle Dean’s body hard enough to make his head loll back and forth.
“No?” Now it was Sam’s turn to be on the receiving end of Rowena’s disapproving look. “Whatever you two are plotting, whatever
Until certain matters are resolved, alliances solidified, deals fina-”
“Neither do, I.” Castiel narrowed his eyes, studying Dean before withdrawing his step to give the hunter back a little space. “When it was hurting me, defiling me, I hoped that when Sam and I found a way to restore you, that you would not remember what the demon had done. It was my profound wish that you would never know, but you do recall, do you not?”
Castiel arched an eyebrow. Understanding illuminating within him.
?” Castiel asked.
Crowley waved a hand loosely in the air. "So you don't want to know what it, says."
“Not us, you!” Dean yelled struggling against the demon’s hold.
“That was different and you know it!”
“Billie, a reaper helped. Giving us a bunch from the Veil. Rowena, of course, put it all together,” Dean continued.
The angel should have just looked for ways to kill him, not save him. He shouldn’t have…
Castiel was fuming What was this, an attempt to wrest control back from the angel? “What are you doing, Dean?”
'Whatever, what do they want with you?"
Loki smirked as he took a step toward the hunter. “Did Gabriel tell you why he wants me dead?”
Sam’s face grew flush as his temper began to rise past his shock and grief. “Look, lady—”
He stepped over to Sam. Laying a hand on his shoulder, Dean squeezed. It wasn’t fair to Sam. Dean was leaving him alone. Abandoning him to the world.
The hunter immediately stilled. His red-rimmed eyes locked with Castiel's as if searching for something before he whispered. "Cas, what do you need?"
“Funny you should ask,” Crowley stepped forward slowly sniffing as we walked around the woman who was now cradling her tattered arm and staring wildly around the bunker. “London Men of Letters. Bloody bunch of cockroaches.”
“Well then let's give him one now,” Alistair said suddenly turning his head to look at Castiel who was still staring, eyes fixed on the hunter. “What do you say, Castiel? Do you want to take Dean’s place on the rack?”
The hunter briefly slid his gaze to his right shoulder before returning it to fix on Castiel's. "Then what was the...I mean-"
When had Cas ever sounded like that? Behaved like that?
"Says who?" Sam glowered.
Dean swallowed. "For the whole pot?"
He smiled at Castiel. “So, what do we do now?”
"Why would they do that?"
Crowley shook his head. "You need a
“Then that just leaves me and you, boy, and when this heavenly break is over I’m going to peel off your skin, one freckle at a time until you are nothing but exposed sinew and muscle. Then I’m going to fuck you, Dean, dry. I’ll tear you open until you bleed out.” Alistair said, his fingers sliding up Dean’s shaft to begin milking its tip “When you wake up, whole and fresh, I’m going to start all over again!”
The words slammed into Dean’s brain sending him stumbling back. Newer, unwanted recollections were crowding into his consciousness.
who had a hand in it will die. Get me?"
"Well, don't," Dean snapped.
“Our...bond...the demon tried in many different ways to break it. Why that one? The demon made references many times to your desires. To you-”
Dean paused for a moment, body shuddering slightly. “I cherished her, Cas. She was the only thing in this whole stinkin’ world that was mine and that I knew would always be there for
Yet, afterward, Dean had only stood there looking at the angel. He hadn’t even replied to the comment about the world not ending.
I also did not expect the Castiel and Dean interaction to go this way. I was expecting a different conversation. Guess that's for next time.
But you still have all of me
"Bored. The way you shouted for, mother, I thought there might be a bit of excitement going on," the exiled King of Hell replied as he sauntered into the room and looked around.
“Bullshit!” Dean snarled trying to get to his feet. His body wouldn’t cooperate. The best he could do was get on his knees. He longed for his gun, but all he had to fight the demon with was his words. “Him or Sam, that’s no fucking option, and you know it.”
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean said. “I didn’t mean to get angry. It just... hurts.”
The elder Winchester just stared at the angel for a moment. He searched for some sort of answer in Castiel's fixed gaze as to why he'd asked about the Impala. Was it a trick question? Was it some sort of punishment for dodging the discussion about the hunter's dreams?
Dean glanced at the glass filled with a bright orange liquid.
“Wrong?” Castiel cut him off again. Why did Dean think his words meant anything? They both knew how well the hunter could twist and turn them. It was time Castiel made his meaning clear to Dean. “Perhaps, I have been too oblique in my language or maybe you just lack the intellectual capacity to understand, but let me try and be as succinct as I can be.”
"Rowena!" Sam barked as he stepped inside at first, staring wide-eyed at the patterns festooned all around him. Then he looked around for the angel. Gabriel was cowering in the corner, an empty bag of gummy bears dangling loosely from his hands.
Crowley smirked at Sam. "He goes on for quite a while about the porn stars."
CASTIEL'S GRACE FLARED to life with Dean's muted attestation. The hunter had been correct. The angel was not dim-witted. He'd known why Dean had done what he'd did to Baby, but Castiel had still wanted, needed, to hear the elder Winchester say it.
The angel’s vision started to blur. He blinked, forcing the tears from his eyes, clearing them so he could watch Dean. “Please, Dean, I need you.”
"What flavor do
Dean took a deep breath and stepped back from Chuck. This was it. Finally, he was going to die, and there was no coming back. There was going to be no heaven either. Billie had promised that, but it was okay. Dean didn’t want heaven, not without Cas.
“Wha..?” Sam bunched his eyebrows in confusion his face. She had just propositioned him, hadn’t she?
Dean hung his head. He really needed that drink. He was no good trying to find a way out of here until he could clear his head, and the only that was going to happen is if it was two-thirds of the way pickled.
“Suit yerself.” Rowena shrugged before looking out the passenger window again. She began tapping her elegantly manicured fingers along the car door armrest.  After a few moments, she looked back at Sam. “Is this how you always travel? Somehow I thought a road trip with the Winchesters would be more exciting.”
Suddenly the house began to shake. The air went sour with the smell of ozone and the lamps began to spark and impossible shadows began to form around the room as all light seemed to converge and arch around the angel.
Still, this didn’t explain why Dean was in Bobby’s panic room. Had he crawled in there during a delirium? He certainly had seemed to be experiencing one when Castiel had arrived.
“Well, he would have access,” the witch replied.
He pulled his knees up under him and tried to rise to his feet. His vision went white as his ankle spasmed and gave out under him again.
Castiel's words were reverberating in his head.
It was Dean,
“Oh..something far more intriguing than that,” Crowley assured as he walked back over the woman. He glanced down at her. “Moose here is far too much of a do-gooder to simply let me exterminate the place. So where will it be then, luv? Hmmm? I hear Mogadishu is lovely this time of year.”
Also, raise your hand if you are enjoying Team...okay I don't know what to call Sam, Crowley, and Rowena's team. Suggestions? Anyway, raise your hand if you love them. I know my muse has definitely enjoyed writing them.
Then the world and Dean dissolved in blue as Castiel flitted away.
“Well I did not want it either, Dean,” Castiel shifted until once again he was forcing the hunter to ride his leg in a teasing caress while the angel trailed fingers along Dean’s stomach. “That did not stop  you from acting out your desires..fantasies.”
“Hmm.” Loki cocked a smile before backhanding Sam and sending him crashing into the wall.
“And second?”
"Hey, Samwise," Gabriel snapped his fingers.
Then, Castiel withdrew, and Dean's heart plummeted. He wanted to close his eyes to hold on to his moment, but he didn't. He knew Castiel needed to see them, so he forced them open and fixed his gaze on the angel's.
Those had been some of the angel's favorite moments of existence. The times he spent with Dean where they laughed or had some solemn observance that required no explanation. It was proof of their bond.
The demon slapped Castiel’s ass hard enough it rocked the angel’s body forward, and the smack echoed through the garage. “Pay attention, Deano. I told you, Cas
“Oh, Sam,” Rowena said crouching over him and softly running her fingers through his hair. “Didn’t this Bobby ever teach ya not to turn yer back on a witch?”
Could some vestigial remnant still remain? After all, the angel had never been able to block out the hunter’s prayers fully. If there’s was any hope to reach Dean, it was through whatever was left of that connection.
She nodded and picked up the other remaining ampoule of grace. "Maybe you need another one?"
“Men of Letters, bloody cockroaches,” Rowena swore.
“Beautiful,” Alistair said cupping Dean’s chin with a bloody hand. He lifted it forcing the hunter gaze to meet his. “I half wondered if you’d forgotten me, boy, but then again we both know that’s impossible. Don’t we?”
Dean had been emotionally wrecked, stripped bare, and vulnerable after telling Cas everything. He'd also been so damned grateful that the angel hadn't asked him anything more than if he'd wanted to watch the sunset with him.
"Excuse me, what?" Sam asked as he unlocked the handcuffs. "What did you say?"
“It was that stupid song, Cas!” Dean puts his hands behind his head, lacing his finger together as if he desperately needed something to do with them but didn't trust himself. “Him and that damn...Fuck!”
Sam shot Gabriel bitch face fifty-four. "I said I'd let you go just as soon as you tell me what's going on. And since I just broke into a junkyard to dump a demigod into a car crusher, I think you owe me some answers. Know what I mean...short stuff?"
Crowley looked at Sam. "What did I tell you? Pissant arse-licker."
"Remember what I told you after I faked my death at the Elysian Motel?"
Dean had been without a drink for going on forty-eight hours, and his body was in freefall. Every functioning alcoholic worth their damn knew it was a delicate balance to keep operative while maintaining just the right amount of the sauce to keep from getting frazzed. A seasoned drunk knew what waited for them if they didn’t.
Dean scratched the back of his head. "It will take time."
Instead, he had been recalcitrant to make himself known to Dean. The angel had flown as high as the boundaries of their universe would allow, or he would remain hidden within some shadow of the garage. He’d simply watched the hunter and thought.
Castiel kept his gaze locked with Dean’s. “So are you saying you
Dean stumbled back, once again taken by surprise. He flung his hands back behind him and steadying himself against the wooden screendoor. “Is that why you
"As for your three," Asmodeus said as he raised both hands and made a flicking motion with his fingers.
The dichotomy of it was tearing the hunter apart, but he deserved it. He owed Cas this.
Grace flared in the angel's eyes like bits of lightning. "Dean." It was both a warning and a reminder. "Goading me into an acrimonious display of behavior will only defer this conversation, not forbear it."
The angel shook his head and let Dean go. He stepped back away from him. “The demon did.”
“Yeah, yeah, okay,” Sam nodded, then motioned for Gabriel to go ahead.
Biting back a growl, he reached for the bottle of whiskey he was always sure to have stocked and at the table. “Son of a bitch.” The bottle was empty.
Whatever was spurring Dean to this act of devastation, Castiel couldn’t watch the Impala be defiled again. “STOP!”
You still have all of me, me, me
The archangel threw back his shoulders and stood straight. Through the twisting pain in his gut, Sam stared in awe. Gabriel was poised upright and fully healed. No trace of any scar or torture was evident.
“Rowena, I’m okay. Just banged up a bit. I’ve been hurt worse in a bar fight.”
Fear-filled chocolate-colored eyes stared back at him. There was another pained cry, and the thing inside scuttled back as far as it could.
Dean licked his lips unconsciously. Castiel was so close, he could feel the angel’s breath on his cheek. He could feel the heat of his vessel emanating around his own body.
Green eyes squinted in laughter. The rumble of the Impala’s engine thrumming low on under the sounds of Metallica being sung loudly off-key. These were also images and recollections from his past, once cherished and often replayed. Now they were like the clouds on the horizon, distant, abstract, and without form.
Gabriel was deeply asleep, but even in slumber, his face was etched with fear and pain. What disturbed Sam the most was the damn stitches keeping the small angel’s mouth sewn shut. It was an abomination, just as the initials that the hunter had carved into Castiel.
“You can’t kill me,” the demon said before swiping its hand lasciviously down Castiel’s bleeding chest to his groin. The demon stood behind the angel who hung limp and barely conscious from the showerhead. “I
The angel let out a high-pitched whine and shook its head.
The angel jerked him closer. “That is not what I asked.”
Castiel’s fury reseized control, yanking out the tiny spout of guilt at its roots. His eyes flashing an ethereal blue, he laid his palm on across Dean’s forehead. “You no longer dictate how or when I use my grace. If I choose to heal you, Dean Winchester, then I will knit the fabric of your being together as easily as I can rip it apart.”
"What am I missing?" Sam asked after hearing Rowena's second and much more subdued interjection.
"Don't let anybody ever tell you you're just a pretty face." Gabriel cocked a grin at Sam.
“Stop. Ple-”
The angel continued to watch Dean. If asked, Castiel would not have been able to give a reason why. Perhaps it had just been so long since he had been able to observe the hunter in the open with a semblance of tranquility between them.
The hardest thing for Sam to grasp was that it was alive. “Gabriel?”
Dean opened his mouth in a silent scream. He’d wanted to cry out in anguish, he’d needed to breathe, but instead, another memory overwhelmed him.
Sam scratched the bridge of his nose and sighed. He'd been sitting with Gabriel for more than an hour. Very little had changed. The archangel had timidly crawled out from his corner to now sit huddled at the end of his bed. He stared vacantly ahead with his arms wrapped around his knees that were pulled to his chest.
Also, pathology came back and the cyst was benign!
“Two hours, fifty-three minutes, and twelve seconds,” Castiel replied, his focus off in the distance.
Slowly, slim legs sliding under a tight-fitting black dress slinked into view. The woman descending navigated the narrow steps, confidently and gracefully wearing stylish three inches heels.
Castiel’s vessel erupted in agony as he slammed into the ground. Dirt and dust flew up around him in a cloud as small shockwaves rippled out from under him. He lay there unable to move as his weakened grace began the slow process to restore him.
"And there's more," Rowena said.
“Maybe or maybe Lucifer would have killed him later instead of Amara.”
“You wanna demon blade shoved up your ass?” Dean was way too sober to put up with the King of Hell.
“Such sweet talk, Moose. That and a bottle of a Chateau Margaux, and I’m all yours for the night.” Crowley smirked.
needed to know the answer.
A sudden and terrible fear tore through Castiel. What if none of this were real? What if he was still in the bunker, his body ravaged and abused while his mind had retreated to some fantasy that was more preferable to a reality where he existed to satiate the prurient desires of a demon that housed Dean’s corrupted soul and wore his face?
Castiel found the hollow of Dean’s throat and slowly swiped his tongue over it, tasting the sweat that had begun to gather there.
The hunter began mumbling again, drawing Castiel’s attention. Dean weakly shoved his arm back, as if trying to elbow someone, then he screamed, “Cas doesn’t want to be raped!”
So now that I'm able to eat again, ordered a bunch of cookies from a nearby bakery, sat down, and wrote! I know it's been a while. Thank you for the well wishes. Feeling much better. This was a much more difficult recovery than last time but doc feels pretty confident I should not need to do this again. :)
“Every day, Alistair would find a new way to carve into me Cas,” Dean began slowly. “I didn’t think it was possible all the ways he could find to tear me apart, but he did. Each day a new torture and always he’d offer me a choice to get down and pick up the knife.”
“Crowley!” Sam had very little patience and access to all sorts of weapons in the bunker. The King of Hell had better have some answers.
Dean’s stomach twisted.
The hunter shook his head, and then suddenly, his mouth felt like he'd just swallowed sand. His palms felt sweaty, and every instinct screamed "run and hide" because it was true he hadn't dreamed. For the second night in a row, Dean had had a deep and dreamless sleep. Had Cas-
Billie arched an eyebrow, almost as if she could hear his unasked questions and dared him to inquire.
Bring me to life
Frowning, Dean moved cautiously towards one of the shapes to get a better look. It was a car, an old car.
He almost pulled a Dean and drank a six-pack before embarking on their mission. Just the thought of Lucifer brought back memories that were too much to bear for Sam on his best days. He hadn’t had one of those since the day he’d woken up bound to the chair in the bunker with demon Dean holding a bloody hammer in his hand.
“I am still the Lord God,” Chuck said pulling back his shoulders, his tone hardening with command.
Dean must have sensed or heard something. He took a half step back through the doorway.
Dean gasped as his foot slipped off the final step. Grabbing the wall, he steadied himself. His vision swam a moment with memories of Castiel’s angel blade sticking out his gut from where the reaper bitch April had shoved and left it.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, lots more.”
And I held your hand through all of these years
Still on his knees, hands in the dirt and his voice slightly hoarse from crying, Dean asked, “Are you asking me to watch the sunset with you, Cas?”
Why couldn’t they hold their Team Fucked Up the Ass meeting somewhere else? The only place in the bunker Dean could sleep anymore was in the main room, passed out over the center table. It wasn’t like his room, the bathroom, or even the fucking garage. Dean had only tortured Cas in this room, not raped him.
If Gabriel didn’t want to help, Sam would find another way. He was tired of chasing the angel and playing games.
“He was family.”
Gabriel shot a terrified look toward Sam before his eyes closed and he fell into a deep sleep. Not wasting any time, the Winchester scooped the archangel up into a bridal carry. Pain radiated up his leg with the added weight, and Sam knew his limp would be worse. He shot a look at Crowley.
Coffee grounds sprinkled across the counter as Dean tried to fill the coffee maker. Maybe he should try and eat something too.
The angel would not be deceived again. If need be, he would shake Dean’s body apart before succumbing to one of the hell creature's cruel amusements.
They saw a bearded man with salt and pepper hair in a brilliantly white suit barking at his minions in a voice thick with a southern accent from their vantage point.
Dean glanced at the blade then back to Castiel’s face. It was as hard and unyielding as the weapon. He nodded.
Dean screamed as his body slammed into something hard and unyielding. Then suddenly his arms were yanked and stretched wide over his head while his legs were stretched out underneath him until his body formed an “X.” His wrists and ankles were restrained with thick leather bindings, holding him in place.
Sam hurt for the angel and realized he had his own unshed tears. He remembered how Gabriel was when they found him. Plus, he knew what that kind of torture did to a person. He saw what it had done to Cas in only a few days.
“Where were you?” Sam asked angrily.
Castiel stared into Dean’s eyes, checking their color.
“Quiet! I’m watching the show,” the voice barked.
“His wha-?”
Dean opened the door and searched inside. He smiled and reached for the six-pack chilling in the back.  Shutting the door and turning around, his smile faded. He wasn’t alone.
At this point, he was pretty far gone, and what was next was going to make this seem like a bad flu.
“Damnit!” Tears blurred Dean’s vision. He spun around and ran a hand over his face.
“No?” Castiel tightened his grip on the struggling hunter. “I am offering to-”
"Understand what, Cas?" Dean snapped. "I dream about raping and torturing you. Sometimes I'm just watching, begging the demon to stop. Other times, I'm trying to force him away from you...fighting him off and others I…"
The angel made no movement or sound.
Chuck called out softly. “I restored him twice. He was a wholly unique thread in the tapestry.”
He kept his gaze locked on Dean. “It takes immense power to create a pocket dimension, something only my father or an archangel could do.”
“Dean, don’t be so selfish. It’s not like you haven’t already done this to him. You wielded pleasure as masterfully as you did pain until he was tearing himself apart. The things he agreed to do-”
“King of Hell. Remember?”
Opening his eyes, Dean glanced back toward the kitchen. Castiel was so hurt and angry. The demon had violated more than just his body. Cas deserved some form of retribution, some justice, and Dean deserved some kind of punishment for what…
(reviewed with Grammarly)
Yet, Castiel had fallen. He had rebelled and abetted the Winchester’s every move against heaven and hell. So he knew any tranquility was an illusion.
"Last time the world was ending, I put my money on you. Finding Cas and Dean in a bubbleverse? That's small potatoes. You're the smart one. You'll figure something out." The angel had paused to answer before proceeding to the exit.
In the case were four wooden wakizashi, each with a different color on the hilt. Gabriel looked at the white one. "That one is for the man with the plan. The architect of my torture, and my own personal public enemy numero uno….their papa...Loki."
The road ahead blurred, Sam’s tears were blinding him. He eased his foot off the gas and steered Baby to the side of the road. He braked until she stopped, then put her in park. Hanging his head, he let the sobs he’d didn’t know he’d been fighting free. This time he wasn’t just crying for Dean or Castiel. He was weeping for himself.
Castiel tilted his head. “A soul bomb?”
“What does it mean?” she asked, the gentle lilt of her voice flowing over him like the tears still running down his cheeks.
Why had Cas made it? He'd made it clear he wasn't here to serve the hunter. Was it some sort of peace offering? His stomach rolled again, but this time in trepidation.
"I don't know," he replied, handing her back the empty vial.
"Uh...yeah," Gabriel said, glancing to the side before rising to his feet. "Not so much. I mean, thank you for the rescue and the redemption arc. But, uh, I'm not really a team guy. So I'm gonna bounce, okay?"
"Of course not!" Dean shook his head. "Doesn't mean you had to do it."
“Change clo-” Sam turned around and looked at the angel once again, noting what the angel wore.
"It's not broken. It's just a bad sprain," Sam barked back at Rowena as he tried to shrug her off. She had sidled up next to him, rendering the crutches useless but providing him with a more reliable means of support, not that he would admit it.
“What?” Dean asked, twisting his head slightly in confusion. “I don’t…”
Dean swallows. "Cas?"
Still, it didn’t mean Dean wasn’t scared. He watched the pot fill with water. It would be stupid not to be frightened. Castiel had the power to do what he said, make and unmake Dean. He’d literally put Dean back together again after being dead for months.
Your voice it chased away all the sanity in me
Castiel stepped back to the edge of the wards. What did Dean mean? What was the hunter seeing? Who was forcing him to take unwanted actions and why did they elicit a familiar pain within the angel?
“No,” Sam said, marching to the other side of the table, the papers clutched in his hand.
They interrupted each other and halted.
Even at Dean’s worst betrayals, Castiel had always looked at him as if he really was the “Righteous Man.” Dean had kicked a wholly human and lost angel out of the bunker order to hide Dean’s secret, how he manipulated Sammy into playing angel condom for Gadreel. Dean had thrown Castiel, and the angel had accepted it.
Oblivion was good. It was final, and from there he was certain he couldn’t hurt Cas anymore.
“SAMUEL WINCHESTER!” Rowena straightened in her seat as tall as her petite form would allow. “Get yer mind out of the gutter!”
okay..I have definitely had the writing bug. Kudos and Comments help the muse keep going. Hope you enjoy!
Then he moved forward, stopping once again in front of a dead-end wall. He licked his forefinger then drew the letters “K,” “O,” and “H” on the wall. A small rock slid quietly to the left, allowing the trio to peek in on the throne room. It reminded Sam of those old movies where people spied on others by looking through the eyes of old paintings.
you better than this.”
Sam stared at Rowena. Her brow was arched nearly to her hairline. Then he glanced at the floor where he’d woken up a few moments before with a pillow under his head, and blanket tucked around him. Rowena was right; he did not want to know the effects of a spell to compel him to shower.
Words he did not want to say were spoken in his voice and his body was used against his will to debase and humiliate the one being he’d ever wanted and loved that went beyond friendship or family.
with a crowbar.
"Cas, stop! Please." Dean looked away again. He just couldn't talk about this and look at the angel.
Standing there silently watching the sky darken over the next few hours had been a balm. When the sun had finally slipped beyond the horizon, Castiel had disappeared. Dean had then walked back to the house, ate a sandwich, took a shower, and then promptly hit the sack.
"Thanks," Sam said, standing up.
Bring me to life
However, he sensed there was more. In fact, he was sure of it based on the demon’s taunts, but only Dean could confirm if the demon’s lies had been born of any truths. They
"Then we hunt down Metatron and get it."
Unbeataed
The tears were freely flowing. “I know, sir. I’m sorry, but Sammy...he’s good, Dad. The best of us. You just didn’t get to see.”
He let out a deep breath and looked toward the witch. She’d read the paper from her purse.
Sam would have widened his eyes, but he suddenly felt too tired to keep them open. He swayed on his feet for a moment before they suddenly gave out from underneath him as he dropped to the floor. He tried to force himself up, but the most he could do is pry his eyes open long enough to watch Rowena slink her way to him.
Dean dropped face-first to the floor, sucking down gulps of air. He landed with a thud. Agony bloomed across his chest. He rolled over and stared up at the ceiling. Chuck, he needed a drink.
“So he’s worth more than that angel? You gonna trade Sam for him?”
“The world was coming to an end,” Sam ground out, trying to reason with the angry god.
"Loki owed me one, so...he helped me ditch 'Gabriel, and I became him. "
The angel shook Dean.  “Enough!”
Castiel pressed back. “Going somewhere?”
Gabriel arched an eyebrow, "What got killed for real? Sorry, Sambo. I did what I could. The rest was up to you and Dean.
Sighing, Dean swiped a hand down his face and rubbed his jaw. He was back in the front room again. Everything was exactly like Bobby’s from this room to the bedroom where Dean used to crash.
The demon laughed, “He had the same choice as we did and look how we turned out.”
Diligently working on the 3rd chapter. About half-way through. Muse is insisting certain events have to take place which is taking time. Be patient. Hope to have it up by the weekend.
Castiel was tempted to teleport away. This was not his problem. Dean was not his charge nor his concern. Yet, he couldn’t. Castiel watched the destruction of Baby with each of the hunter’s blows. As he did, something twisted inside.
"Cas, this is a bad idea," Dean finally said as gently as possible.
Chuck smiled and stepped away from his sister toward Dean. He put a hand to Dean’s chest. “But first…”
“No,” Dean said. “You’re lying.”
The ground was hard and unyielding under Castiel. He was on his knees staring at the door. He wanted to scream, shout in his true voice, and rip asunder every construct of this dimension.
“Yeah, okay, Cas,” Dean said keeping his eyes wide open. He took several deep breaths then sighed, “But see, this just proves my point. You think there’s any reconciling
“But we were so much better. Alistair only broke us so far. Made us hate ourselves enough to pick up the knife, but you and I? We broke an angel, Deano. We took all that heavenly devotion, that love, and twisted into hate. Then we made him our pet. This here, this is the moment it really began. This is where we made him fly and then clipped his wings. We cracked him, right now in this moment, not with brutality but with all that sweet seduction he secretly lon-”
stupid questions.”
I've been sleeping a thousand years it seems
His mind thudded to a stop before his feet did.
Dean’s mind scambled as he quickly sifted through memories trying to understand why his attempted words of comfort had only troubled Cas more. The color drained from Dean’s face as scenes he didn’t want to remember came flooding back to him. Castiel’s chest bloody and torn after the demon had carved a ward into it, the demon leading Cas down to the garage, Cas stretched out on Dean’s be-
It was too late, the demon smiled and snapped his fingers. Both he and the injured woman disappeared.
“It doesn’t make sense, though,” the witch said gingerly stepping away from Baby and slowly turning around once again canvassing the area with her eyes. “Why the letters...pages..or whatever ya went ta call it? Why the goose chase?”
“I did not want to hurt you, Castiel. I didn’t want to torture you...to...to..rape you!” The word tore out of Dean, leaving something inside raw and bleeding.
“Cas,” the name slipped from Sam a whispered prayer.  Then he raised his voice shouting into the darkness as if somehow by force of will he could yell loud enough that no matter where his brother was he could hear him. He shouted one word, one syllable that conveyed all of his love, hope, and desperation to reunite his family. “DEAN!”
It was the cold sober truth. Dean was cancer, a disease perverting and tainting anyone who got close. He’d probably damned Castiel the moment the angel had first touched him in Hell.
The white suit reminded him of the version of Lucifer that Dean had told Sam about from the future that never happened. However, Sam was pretty sure this guy was not Lucifer.
“Amara and Chuck made up. They fixed the world, decided to go on a family vacation, and left,” Dean sighed.
There should be no place in him for fear!
Sam retreated again. He really wished he’d had one of Gabriel’s swords.
It was a choice that had meant he would acquiesce to the demon’s plans to utterly corrupt Sam by allowing himself to be violated by the younger Winchester who had become so lost in the throes of his demon blood addiction he would do it if it was the price for Dean’s blood.
Tears rolled down Dean’s cheeks unchecked. “He didn’t want you. He didn’t wa-”
“Asmodeus,” Crowley hissed.
"Best time to break in then." Sam grinned. "Guess that makes you right, Crowley. You are needed."
Yet, he had rebelled once. Denied his father’s will before. He could and would do so again. He had learned the lessons of free will. Dean had taught him.
“The demon did!”
Castiel wasn’t sure if this would be the last chance he would have to this do for Dean or not. There was no telling what the hunter would think or even remember when he woke up. The angel had plenty of reason to believe Dean would be angry. He’d been sure of his course, and the angel had changed it.
Lucifer was a master at painting pictures with words. He could weaponize a conversation, flaying his opponent open before they even knew they were under attack. He did it all by painting such vivid mental images it was as if you lived them. What was worse for Dean was that he had.
Gabriel let out a small whine upon the demon's appearance.
“Get up boy!” A voice barked from behind him, one that brooked no argument.
So, the angel had been ready to apologize for his abrupt departure. He'd owed Dean at least an explanation for why he'd disappeared.
Castiel winced.
They fell silent again and stood there. Breathing in each other and staring into one another’s eyes as their bodies’ arousal cooled.
Once upon a time, it would have. Dean would have clung to the steadfast strength of the angel. It would have comforted him, but that time had passed. Now Castiel was a voice reminding the hunter of all his sins and demanding Dean offer up all his pain on the offer of restitution.
Snapping his head up in surprise, Sam reached for his gun.
Sweat rolled down Dean’s back and neck. His breathing came in quick little bursts of desperate gasps. He tried to focus. “Wh..what deal?”
He took a deep breath and turned around again, and looked at Castiel. His green eyes locked with the angel’s. It had been a long time since Castiel had seen Dean’s soul shining so clearly. It was scarred, terribly so, but free of corruption.
Dean pounded a fist into the floor. “Why?” He was supposed to be dead! Why wasn’t he? Was this some sort of -
The screen door hinges screeched. The angel turned around. Dean was pushing the door open and slowly stepping onto the porch.
“I’d say don’t go far, but….” Dean tried to joke, and Castiel loved him all the more for it.
He reached for his coffee and took a sip. It had grown tepid, but the bitter roasted taste was better than the lingering citrus tang at the back of his throat. He kept his eyes on Castiel and steeled himself for whatever the angel wanted to talk about next.
Cas remembered how the demon had first taught him that lesson, carving an angelic ward into his very skin while being bound by the grace trapping cuffs. It had been a pain, unlike anything the angel had ever known as he’d both try to flee and remain anchored to his vessel at the same time.
The angel remembered what it said while it began to rape him after whipping him nearly insensate while hanging in one of the bunker’s bathrooms. It was the last thing Castiel had heard before his mind had slipped away into its own world for a while.
Dean shifted his gaze, and his body seized.
"May I," Rowena asked, holding out her hand.
It didn’t matter that in the end, Sam had been smarter than the demon. While it was of consequence to the world and the younger Winchester that they were able to restore Dean, it had no bearing on Castiel.
The witch rolled her eyes. “Well that’s lovely, Sam but how do you expect to get out of there?”
Sam closed his eyes. Did he really want to hear this? If he wanted any chance of finding Dean and Cas, he did. He shook his head and looked at the angel. "So what happened?"
Sam sighed and shook his head. There was no situation where he was going to win this one.  “I didn’t mean...I’m sorry if I offended you. I misunderstood what you were suggesting.”
“My existence came down to being tortured by Alistair or being fucked by him. Thirty years of being his chew toy or his fuck toy, see-sawing back and forth from begging him to stop and pleading with him not to until one day I just couldn’t do it any more Cas. I wanted the torment to stop. I didn’t want to feel
There was only one missing detail Dean could find, booze. He glanced at one of the bookshelves about to split apart from being overstuffed with large tomes of dusty volumes of occult lore.  Sometimes Bobby kept the good stuff hidden there.
“You know what he did,” Dean snapped. “You’ve been in my head. You...I told you. You saw when you brought me out of Hell.”
The Winchester could feel the angel breathe his name on his cheek. The hunter stood there, uncertain how to respond or even if he should. So he remained silent, returning Castiel's solemn gaze.
Had he been a fool for saving Dean again? He’d heard the Winchester’s soul cry out his name shortly after awakening. It had been just an abrupt plea. Castiel wasn’t even sure Dean was aware he’d done it.
“And that explains this…” Castiel spread his hands out toward Dean and the panic room, “...how?”
Dean stared at Castiel. For a moment, he was utterly dumbfounded. How could Cas ever think Dean would see the angel that way?
The angel focused. Answering tears were running down Dean’s cheeks. Castiel wiped at some of them with a thumb. It was time for the angel to go. They both needed some space even though they both wanted each other to stay.
“What?” the angel asked, tilting his head.
“Damnit, Cas! You won’t be cobbling anything together, you’ll only be ripping yourself apart...finishing the demon’s work!”
Sometimes Sam had to remind himself because while he wasn't particularly fond of Crowley, he did have a way of being useful, if not helpful, to the Winchesters' cause.
how you play the game. You’re supposed to ask yes or no questions to figure out what
Saying the hunter’s name broke whatever fugue had overwhelmed Castiel.  His sense of reality stabilized and with it came a new wave of dismay. Dean hung limply in the angel’s arms, pain and exhaustion radiating from him. His head was barely held erect as if all of his willpower was focused on maintaining eye contact with the angel.
"Reading makes me thirsty," he said before quickly leaving the room.
The angel shivered. He was torn as half of him was suffused in the warmth of Dean’s presence while the other part of him was left cold.
“Y..you’re dead.” Speaking hurt. Dean’s vocal cords were strained, and his throat was raw from abuse. “Sammy killed you.”
He wasn’t sure how long his body had been wracked by vomiting. He wasn’t sure how long he laid on the kitchen floor just staring at the mess like it was a metaphor of his life.
How could Dean help Cas understand that?
“Samuel Winchester, you do not want me to use a spell to make ya take a shower.”
"It's Sam," the hunter said as he pulled out a chair and dropped wearily into it. "Now talk."
Castiel had always had been his friend. The angel had always backed his plays.
“Let me.” Sam heard the witch say.
“Tsk..tsk. Language, Deano. You kiss the angel with that mouth?” The demon shook its head. Then it snapped its fingers as it laughed, “Oh that’s right, you
"Och, it's but a wee tear," Rowena tutted as she joined them. She swept a long lock of her red hair out of her eyes. "A few stitches, and it will be good as new."
"Perhaps I owe you an apology when I tried ta sell ya as a bairn," Rowena uttered as she continued to help Sam the last few stairs. "Yer worth more than three pigs. I should have asked for five."
“Your belief that I am not broken gives me faith the same is true for you. Perhaps that is a false conviction, but if you truly think that I have not been fractured beyond repair then you will do whatever is necessary to help me..heal. So, you will comply and help me beat the demon, or not, proving it has already won. In which case..reconciliation will not be possible and it will not matter the repercussions for revenge.”
Castiel sat up and scooted back, making room for Dean to cross the invisible barrier. He watched as the hunter drew himself inexorably closer even as he visibly weakened.
"Says the angel that let the Devil in. What was your excuse, Cas?" Dean snapped, the painful memories setting off his defenses.
Dean took a step back. It was his turn to lock a piercing gaze. There was something there in Castiel’s eyes that told him the angel already knew something. The hunter paled and turned away.
Slowly and silently Dean ate, the pain in his stomach and the weight of Cas’s gaze were his dinner companions. Each bite was battle of mind over body. When he’d scrapped the last of the eggs up he managed to choke it down with a mouthful of coffee.
Dean wanted to hang his head and cry. Castiel was right. Dean had not been possessed. He could not blame his actions on some supernatural entity taking over his body. Everything that he’d done had been a dark reflection of himself. He had to save Castiel from that same corruption.
“It’s nothing,” Dean replied through clenched teeth.
“Castiel chose to rebel,” Chuck said simply without condemnation.
It was hard to tell time in their personal dimension. For the most part, Dean measured in terms of when it was light and when it was dark. It began when the sun rose and ended whenever he turned out the light. As a result, most days passed interminably slow.
Inch by inch, the hunter pulled himself along the concrete floor by his arms. Each movement was labored and took longer than the previous. Still, it was relentless as if Dean was pouring the last of everything he had into the slow drag across the floor.
“Cas.” Dean dropped the gun and stumbled backward.
to be here.”
Sam opened his eyes. Gabriel’s eyes still had a dying spark of blue grace, creating a strange contrast to their normal caramel color. The hunter nodded, moving away toward the driver’s door. He needed some space as he regained control of himself.
“Looks endless, doesn’t it? It’s not.” Castiel looked back at Dean. “I flew in every direction and as high as I could. There’s a border, a barrier, like a dome just around the property line.”
something other than pain. I’d like to believe that if I’d...kn..known what he meant, I would have made a different choice, but I don’t know. I just wanted to stop hurting, and do you know how good, how overwhelming, just a little bit of pleasure
He'd have to open himself up to memories he fought so hard to repress. Relive moments he wanted to scour from his existence.
There was so much more than ire in the angel's eyes. There was hurt, betrayal, fear, and a more profound emotion that the hunter couldn't read. It was one he didn't even recognize. Still, he didn't need to identify it to know it was like an emotional anticoagulant. Castiel was still bleeding, and his wounds weren't healing.
Now, Castiel was back to a full Seraph. He had his wings and the ability to throw Dean with just a thought. The angel’s strength alone could break Dean’s limbs like toothpicks, and Castiel was angry.
"Fergus," Rowena replied, irritation and scorn dripping from each syllable as she began to nudge Sam forward.
"Wait, I thought
Castiel narrowed his eyes. Dean had denied him once. Was he so arrogant to believe the angel was his to summon? They were no longer friends. They no longer shared a…
Waking up meant facing Cas and slumbering meant…. Well, either way, he'd have to face the angel, but would he rather do it alert and in the real world or only half-aware in a dream state?
The angel curled his fingers into his palms and called upon a more painful memory. "I see the anchor I tried to tether myself to while my body was no longer mine. I remember feeling the metal under my palms and thinking about how warm it would get on long drives in the sun."
What was one Seraph compared to Dean Winchester? The demon Dean had been so terrifying, so utterly in command, and capable of breaking both him and Sam because it had been Dean.
"Cas-"
Sam pursed his lips and silently counted to five. He glared and then ground out, “Just show us this ‘secret’ passage through Hell to the Cage.”
Dean stopped himself before he blundered and made the situation worse. Castiel had made it all too clear he would not be told what he could or could not do. "Cas, please, just... I'm asking, stay out of my dreams."
Castiel let out a snarl and shook Dean so he thought his head neck might snap. It was his turn to panic as he realized he might die. Cas might kill him while locked in this moment of terror and while Dean had been seeking oblivion he didn’t want it like this.
"Waking up what, Dean...aroused?" Castiel prodded.
“Fine, that will give me just enough time to pack some sandwiches,” Rowena replied.
Once again, Dean tilted his head back. He looked up at the water-stained and peeling ceiling. “Well fuck you, Chuck. And you too, Amara.”
Blessedly the world fell away from Dean completely. There was only silence and darkness, and for a moment he wondered if he had found his way to oblivion. However, the reprieve didn’t last.
“That won’t be necessary, Dean,” Castiel said, his voice eerily calm.
He slowly pulled his hands out of his pocket as he thought of one place left on the property where something could be left safely to be unearthed. It was a part of the house which would be relatively untouched by the fire.
“I told you, he likes to roll into some dive and do the whole Cinderella thing. Trust, me the penthouse in this baby is going to be more lux than the Waldorf’s.”
"Because you DIED!" Dean closed the distance between them to stand inches from the angel. The hunter leaned forward, closing the span even further. "You died, and there was nothing I could do. Whatever chance there was for you...I never hoped that we could be us again, but as long as you were in the world, Castiel, there was some reason to fight for it. I could picture you watching the bees, interrogating cats, and figuring out how to check your voicemail. I could believe, Castiel, that life was more than blood, hunts, and an accumulation of empty booze bottles. You would go on long past the point I was dust, and maybe at some point, you could begin to forget you ever even heard of Dean Winchester.  But you were dead, and all of that was gone. Everything...all of it was nothing."
The hunter leaned back his head and began to chuckle. “You know it really is quite funny when you think about it after what I did to Sam. I mean, talk about being karma’s bitch.”
Again there was silence but it was brief and broken by a ghost of a chuckle as Dean wiped his hands on his jeans then slowly rose from his knees. He turned and looked at Castiel before shuffling to stand behind him and then gaze at the horizon. They stood there quietly for several long minutes, the Dakota breeze blowing gently across their faces.
"No," Sam whispered as he gripped the paper in his fists.
Maybe this was heaven? Had Amara killed him after all? Silence answered him.
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose. Yep, no more questions. If he didn’t ask and she didn’t tell then he could still keep her just on the side of supernatural things not to hunt.
"You were in emotional distress. I wanted to ease your pain." The explanation sounded unbelievable even to Castiel, but it was not a fiction.
The angel was grinning, his eyes shining and his hand still outstretched.
Suddenly, he was flying through the air. Pain exploded along his back and immense pressure was pushing against his chest. He tried to stand, but there was nothing under his feet. He blinked, trying to clear his vision.
Castiel winced, taking a half step back before his eyes suddenly flashed blue.
Confused by the unexpected sounds, Asmodeus turned, glancing behind him.
Sam huffed, shook his head, and shoved his hands into his coat pockets. Cynical or not it was the truth and it was pretty much all he had left. He watched Rowena and furrowed his eyebrows. “What are you doing?”
He should eat something and maybe get a shower. He definitely needed sleep.
“I didn’t ask for this either, Castiel. Hey, I was expecting to die.” Dean tried to explain.
Suddenly, Castiel’s breath caught in his throat. Dean wanted to kiss him! It was all the angel could have hoped for, and it terrified him in a way that he welcomed. Dean was willing to try and not just fix what the demon had tried to destroy between them but to make it better than it had been. The angel nodded.
Again, I took a lot of dialogue from Episode 13.8 - Bring 'em Back Alive and twisted around who said it. I also lifted a lot of the action and plot and twisted it to suit my purposes. Of course, there were things I added...you know like Gabriel's little warning to Sam about taking on Princes of Hell. My muse insisted on that little exchange.
A mix of egg lumps and bile swam at the back of Dean’s throat. He swallowed it back, pushing away from the table.
Dean couldn't say it. Lucifer had threatened to leave Castiel with a whole new set of memories. Ones where Lucifer used Dean for his amusement while occupying Castiel's vessel. What was worse, the hunter knew that if Lucifer had tried, Dean wasn't sure he would have tried to stop him. It was the least the Dean deserved.
“Got an idea, have we?” Rowena chuckled twisting her lips into a cheshire grin as Sam ran past her.
“It hurt, Dean.” It was as good a place to start as any.
"Not anymore," the angel finally responded to the demon in a voice that was vibrant and strong. It was clear Gabriel was not weak or broken. "Oh, by the way, I always hated that dumbass suit."
Using the last of his reserves, and using the couch for leverage, Dean got to his feet. He knew how to give Chuck and Amara the finger; all he had to do was get to the basement.
His pain and thirst forgotten, he slowly walked around the car, trailing his hand over her. For a moment he let himself get lost in sense memory. How many times had he worked on Baby here at Bobby’s? How many hours had he spent sweating in the sun humming AC/DC, dirtied with sweat and grease while giving her oil changes, swapping out spark plugs, or replacing timing belts? Could he have ever been happier?
thing I care about is Dean and the possibility that he might be out there somewhere. And as far as I’m concerned, you’ve already delayed me…”
Castiel stopped the sinful slide along Dean’s hardening shaft and pressed his knee against until it teetered on the edge of pain. He heard the hunter hiss. “What did I say about that word?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Now, here, he was faced with Castiel. He was sober and defenseless. Dean could feel the memories rising up inside of him like a tsunami, readying to crash over him and washing away what was left of his sanity.
Castiel forced his healing hands into fists as his body shook. He had offered up himself to the demon to protect Sam, but ultimately to save Dean.  Since the moment the angel had gripped the hunter’s soul tight in Perdition, Castiel had always suffered to save Dean. His was the one soul the angel loved above all others. Castiel had followed wherever Dean led, rebelling against heaven for him because he’d trusted him.
Without your love, darling
“I think that’s why maybe we need some ground rules?” Dean offered breaking the quiet.
Dean yelped then held up his hands. “Ribs. A few cracked ribs. It’s nothing.”
The witch took a deep breath and began to chant. The three of them stood outside the bunker, surrounded by arcane symbols. Rowena had spent a better part of the afternoon carving into the dirt. As she intoned words in a language, Sam could not even begin to recognize the symbols began to glow and smoke.
At that moment as he lain on Dean’s bed naked, abused, and weeping, he’d lost and been broken. He’d fought and sacrificed so much to protect Sam and Dean to keep the demon from doing something Dean could never come back from. Yet, the demon had won and he’d known it too.
The time had been nice. For just a little while, the hunter could almost pretend the rapes and tortures never happened. First, they'd had a chuckle after arguing over something stupid. Then, they'd quietly worked to restore order from the chaotic mess Dean had made in Bobby's front room. It was reminiscent of what it used to be like between them. It was like a hologram, real but not real.
An ethereal blue wave of immolated graced exploded across the horizon as Castiel slammed into the dimension’s boundary. The reverberating salvo of booming thunder followed as Castiel’s being clashed with the edge of his Father’s immutable confines stunning the angel and sending him plummeting back toward the ground.
The angel frowned for a moment in confusion.
During those long hours, he had tried not to think or imagine what might be waiting at his destination, but he hadn’t been successful. How could he? Rowena’s page had depicted Dean running through Bobby’s house. Absurdly, somewhere deep in Sam’s soul, he had nursed a fantasy that his brother would be waiting for him. He’d developed a kernel of belief that for once the universe would reward the Winchester’s for saving it from oblivion.
“There’s that little hole, all puckered and just waiting for me,” Dean heard himself say. “I’m gonna fill it, Cas. I’m going to stretch it wide and feed it good, but first...I’m gonna make it hungry for me.”
he had in his corner were Crowley and Rowena?
Dean ran a frantic hand through his hair. "Dammit, Cas, that's not what I'm saying either. I'm just trying to understand."
Sam took in deep harsh breaths trying to pant through the tortured protestation from his injured foot.
“You know I have a spell-”
Asmodeus snarled, and the pain was suddenly lifted from Sam as the Prince withdrew his power and focused on summoning Gabriel's stolen grace. The demon formed a blue ball of energy and flung it toward the angel.
Something inside of Dean was splintering. He had done this! Alistair was right. Dean had been his star pupil. He’d taken everything he’d learned and-
Gently, Castiel lowered the older Winchester to the ground and released him.
“South Dakota, near Sioux Falls,” Sam said gently untangling his arm from Rowena’s grasp.
to do all those things, Dean? It was you? The rape and the torture?”
"I think it's Enochian," Sam said to the witch.
“You do remember,” Alistair said as his thumb teased Dean’s glans. “I’m not sure what was greater, your outrage at realizing what you agreed to as I began my first intimate caress along your cock or your shock that your body responded. Both reactions were sweet.”
, there wasn’t anywhere to hide a piece of paper.
Castiel moaned and tried pulling away from the demon. It held him fast, grinding its body against him as it milked the head of the angel’s cock toward the inevitable.
“You don’t need to give me a recap of my life!” Dean threw the towel toward the sink. “I lived it.”
Growling, Castiel closed the distance between them. “Details, Dean.”
“Carnem et ossa fingunt est in statuam salis!!” She cried with her hands out before her flinging her little bag.
"He had his own family drama to worry about. So it was in his best interest to lay low."
Rowena rolled her eyes as she tucks a small pouch into her purse. “Och! No one’s going ta recognize either of you. As long as you have those wee little bags in your pocket, everyone will think yer just your garden variety demon out for a stroll in Hell.”
The realization shook Castiel nearly dropping him to the floor.
That was a start. More than that, it was a victory. Dean dead, sacrificing himself for what had happened in the bunker, would have given the demon the ultimate win. Castiel thought of the version of Dean with solid black eyes. Rage and determination filled him.
The hunter winced as if the noise hurt. “Yeah, this time I do.”
Dean frowned slightly but nodded his head. Capitulation. He was acquiescing to Castiel's desire. However, the hunter remained silent. He seemed uncertain how to proceed with the discussion within the confines of the new parameters.
Sam forced his eyes open and took stock of his surroundings. He was on the floor of the bunker near the big table where he’d been researching the note from Crowley before Rowena made herself welcome. Something soft was under his head, turning it slightly he noticed a pillow.
Dean’s eyes widened and his breath hitched as he was pulled up, but he kept them fixed on Castiel and remained passive. “It means we still do things your way...but you know maybe we setup some guard rails? Look you say you want to talk...have these...conversations, but Cas this is not gonna get any easier for you or me. C’mon I think we both know there’s emotional and mental minefields in even talking about talking.”
Dean might be a bumbling idiot when it came to talking. Still, when it came to Castiel, there were times the hunter could read the angel better than the owner's manual for a 1977 Firebird Trans AM.
Without a word, the witch handed it to him. Her eyes watching him carefully.
"You're not dumb, Cas."
Castiel was standing just a few steps behind him, close enough Dean could feel the angel's breath on his cheek. When had Cas moved? Once again, Cas locked his gaze on Dean and was studying him as if he could just pry all of the hunter's secrets from his head by sure willpower.
Castiel stumbled back his equilibrium upended by Dean’s words, but this time they weren’t blows. They were like the soft touches, the lightest grazes, that set the dandelion puffballs into a scattering of white cotton stars on the wind. The offer eased some dark tension at the heart of him that had been chafing against in any attempts to heal.
“I don’t know. Amara did say something odd before she and Chuck disappeared into ...well went cosmic rays of something.” Dean rubbed a hand at the back of his neck. He was sure this was connected, but he still hadn’t any idea of
“Dean let me-” Castiel’s voice was gentle and full of concern when he finally spoke.
“What did he do to you, Dean?” Castiel asked, his gaze boring into Dean as if he was trying to shine a light into that corner.
"I call that art," Gabriel retorted, "and without me, Sambo, you and your brother never would have known how to throw Luci back into the Cage."
“Rowena?” Sam asked his confusion and wariness obvious as he kept his gun fixed on her. “How? Wha-”
Anger welled up inside Castiel. If he was honest, it wasn’t just the desire to escape the memories that had driven him into being a vessel for Lucifer, he had also wanted to be free from the doubt.
“You know, why!” Dean yelled suddenly raising his hands and pushing against Castiel’s chest.
Spinning around, he took off at a run weaving his way around the old cars with unwavering certainty until he skitted to a halt in front of an old house in bad need of a paint job and a new roof. Tears blurred his vision. This had burned down...years ago.
Castiel screamed Dean’s name and thrust into his mouth.
Taking a deep breath and squaring back his broad shoulders, Sam knocked lightly on the door. "Gabriel? You doing okay, buddy? Mind if I come in?"
He looked around, old cars in various stages of disrepair and decay surrounded him. Tufts of plains grass grew tall and neglected between the disregarded automobiles. This was a recreation of the only place Dean had known as a home, it was his “heaven” and Castiel the angel to serve in it.
Chuck, how long had it been since he'd really had an appetite? Oh sure, he'd eaten, but it was like some ritual he knew he had to perform, but it really hadn't meant anything to him beyond a means to keep going.
saying “yes” to the angel. He would come out in the vessel, Adam, he was in or not at all. Then, Rowena would portal them back out. That was the plan anyway.
Dean's stomach flopped again, and his hand froze. He locked gazes with Castiel. With one question, the angel had turned normalcy against him, or at least that's how it felt. The hunter slowly lowered the slice of toast back to the plate. "Good, actually."
The angel's scrutiny made the hunter nervous. He felt exposed, like a mouse out in the open with a cat in the room. "Is it okay if I make some coffee?"
Groaning against the pain from his bruised knees, he moved deeper into the room. He shined the light ahead trying to keep both hope and despair from taking root inside him.
“Me?’ Chuck frowned.
Now here Sam was again, desperate and needing hope. "And you just did it again when you ditched me in the bunker."
Would they simply be able to
"Because…" the angel started out strong, but then his voice faltered. "I miss you, Dean. I miss us."
“Dean-” Castiel was resolute on their path forward.
Rowena paused and looked back at Sam. “Are ya sure? I mean Fergus and I just didn’t find our little...notes..lyin’ about in the open with a neon sign overhead. We discovered them tucked away hidden, waiting to be
“DEAN!” Castiel screamed. “Listen to me. Wake up!”
Team Free Wheeling gathered together and watched the angel perch nonchalantly on a chest opposite the table. "Okay, chuckleheads, why don't you tell me what you three are really up to. I mean, 'a witch, a demon, and a hunter' walk into Hell is the start of a good joke, but I think there's more to it than that."
The hunter’s mind and soul split in two. One part of his him was greedily defiling the angel, sensually assaulting and overwhelming him. The other part of Dean was screaming in horror.
Castiel’s eyes widened. Was Dean asking what the angel thought he was asking? “Dean, are you asking if you can kiss me?”
“NO!” Dean screamed. “Don’t! Don’t make me do this! Don-”
“Well, funny thing,” Dean cast the angel a lopsided grin. “Seems old Chuck and Amara forgot to stock Bobbyland with a liquor cabinet or even a minibar. Hell, not even so much as a wine cooler.”
The angel curled his hands into fists and looked heavenward. “Is this my purpose, Father? Not to be heaven’s servant but Dean’s?”
It had taken the voice of Chuck, who’d followed on Sam’s heels, to break the fight up and to get Dean to let Lucifer go. The devil had giggled and winked at Sam before throwing him a kiss. Dean had stormed out of the bunker.
"That's it. That's the end of the story. Should I warm up some milk and tuck you in now?" Crowley asked.
"But he was in Monte Carlo?"
Sam dropped the demon blade and began tugging at the door to Gabriel’s prison. All thoughts of Michael, the cage, and their plan were gone. “Rowena!”
Again Gabriel paused, but this time there was something else in his eyes. He studied Sam as if he were really looking at him for the first time. "Okay?"
Like a siren, the question called to him tugging him toward the car.
She paused and returned her own muted threat, arching her brow a little higher and sharpening the point.  Then she smiled as she slowly opened the bag. “I’m delivering a message...I think.”
Castiel took a few more steps back and did a slow circle before turning to look at Dean again. "Why do you wish to know? What is so important about my motives?"
“Okay, ignoring that visual, then how or what’s he doing on the throne?” Same asked.
He mentally counted to five before answering. “Which means we’re less likely to cross paths with a sheriff or state trooper who might get a little trigger happy to discover their traffic stop is wanted by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies.”
“Kid yourself all you want, Deano,” the demon said wrapping its hand around the angel’s flaccid cock before slowly stroking it while the angel whimpered. “I’m who you were and I’m who you’re gonna be again.”
He couldn’t guess whether he’d been out for a few minutes or a few hours. He didn’t even know how he’d wound up on the floor. Had he fallen or had Cas thrown him?
Crowley stiffened then backed up. He moved a bit down the corridor and motioned them to follow.
The realization swept through Dean as he pulled back his palm, wet and shiny from wiping across his forehead and mouth. His gut twisted and his hand shook. Then Dean let his head fall back on the couch as he began to laugh.
This chapter is unbetaed
“Well, it’s not every day you got a note from Providence in yer clutch,” Rowena replied.
Where I've become so numb, without a soul
From the portal, Crowley would lead them to a secret passage he used to travel through Hell when he wished to go unnoticed or to avoid his enemies. Sam was pretty sure it was mostly the latter.
No, Castiel was sure the Winchester would not fight or seek to hurt him.
"Yes, can you mend the wreckage?"
“Well then, this is gonna suck,” Dean closed his eyes again as his body began to shake.
Snarling, he charged forward. Ignoring the stabbing pain in his chest, Dean gripped the crowbar tight in both hands and swung it in a wild arc to send it crashing down onto the Impala's trunk. Over and over he struck the car as if with each blow and dent he could pound away his memories.
“Dean?” Sam called out, his voice full of concern. When wasn’t it?
Bring, me, to, life
"More?" the angel looked at Sam.
“Dean!” Castiel yelled vainly hoping for an answer. He listened intently, straining his awareness for any signs of the Winchester brother.
"That's the problem with moose. Big bodies. Tiny brains," Crowley said, obviously studying the symbols. "Obviously, I know it. Remember the charming love letter Abaddon left for me on Dean's precious 'Baby?'"
Crowley's grin turned sly as he reached into his jacket with his free hand and pulled out two neatly folded pieces of paper from his inside pocket. He dropped his feet back to the floor and leaned forward, setting the pages neatly on the table. "I found two more Blue's Clues."
“Don’t!” Dean cried this time scrambling forward on his hands and knees. “Stop!”
“After that first time,” Dean continued when he could finally speak his grief, “I swore it wouldn’t happen again. I believed the torture was better, but I was weak, Cas. I tried, but again months of endless torment wore me down, and I said ‘yes’ again. Then I did it again...and again...and... I lied to myself. I told myself it didn’t matter. It didn’t make a difference that each time Alistair took it a little further each time, a handjob became a blowjob, which eventually led to…and every time he’d hum or sing that damn song as if we were lovers.”
“You do not get to die, Dean,” the angel spoke bluntly.
need you. So please, help us...help me."
A hot rush of emotion swept through the healing angel that had nothing to do with divinity. Castiel had never known how love could turn to hate and how quickly. Yet, between one word and the next what he’d felt for the older Winchester brother had transformed. This new emotion had scared Castiel almost as much as the self-loathing that chased after it.
"Uhm…" The hunter was drawing out his words again as if he were either unsure of what he was going to say or how to say it. "Do you mind if I ask you a question?"
Sam gripped the steering wheel tighter. “Doesn’t mean I want to talk about it.”
Also, El Gordo is a real beer. Dean drinks stout beers and wanted a fun-sounding one for the story.
“Fuck!” he snarled as he swiped the pillow of the bed and threw it at the far wall. This was
John smiled, his eyes shifting to yellow. “C’mon, Deano. Heard how easily you gave it up downstairs. Give the old man the respect and
Slowly, Dean backed out of the room into the kitchen and turned toward the and door. There was a fluttering sound, like a flock of birds landing in unison. It was familiar and frightening.
"Sam?" Rowena asked gently as she placed a hand on his arm.
"Pickles," Dean cried hoarsely before his stomach turned again.
Dean sobbed when Castiel finally released his hold. He spent several moments sucking in deep breaths while he tried to feel anything but the crippling pain in his groin. When he could think again, he began pounding on the angel’s shoulders again. Castiel had worked Dean’s jeans open and was reaching to pull his cock free.
"I am just thinking," Castiel said, hoping to reassure Dean of any apprehension he might be feeling.
"Do not hang up on me," the smooth voice suddenly lost all its gentility. "Gabriel is no use to you in his current condition. Should you choose to resist me, I will have no choice but to take him by force. I will reduce you and that sad little bunker of yours to ashes."
The angel held up a finger in warning, silencing Dean.
The angel shook Dean hard enough his teeth clashed together. The world was out of focus as he was jolted back and forth. Still, he tried to focus and meet Castiel’s eyes. This was just proving his point. Yet, again a discussion between them had ended up in Cas losing his temper and Dean being hurt. What Castiel wanted wouldn’t work.
The angel clenched his fists. For a brief moment, he had that look he wore when he was about to leave.
The angel tilted his head his emotions suddenly short-circuiting as Dean’s words filtered past them.
Exhausted and hurt, Sam gave up. Loki was dead, he’d helped Gabriel, and now it was time for the Winchester brother to get back to finding Dean and Castiel. The hunter stood and headed for the exit. He was leaving.
Sam tried to get to his feet again.
The hunter stared at the angel, who was no longer barefoot dressed in sweats and a t-shirt. Instead, he was wearing a pair of boots, dark denim jeans, a dark green pullover, and a black leather jacket. The angel stood up and began walking away.
For a moment there was no change. Then Dean stopped trembling and uncurled his body. Slowly, as if exhausted and in pain, he sat up and leaned against the wall. He stared at Castiel for a long moment, studying him as if he trying to decide if he were real.
Anyway, this is a nice long chapter with what I hope is an unexpected twist and a nice (?) surprise.
The Winchester’s eyes narrowed. “Cas-”
Both times Castiel had been saved.
Something inside of him broke a little. He owed Cas this, but to break down and give the angel the answers he demanded would strip the hunter of some of the defenses he needed to stay marginally sane.
The hunter's words were suddenly cut short as the electricity flickered and crackled throughout the bunker. Gabriel stopped rubbing his head and looked up in fear.
Dean sank to his knees staring at the spot where the angry angel had been. She had given him back Castiel. He didn’t know whether to be grateful or terrified.
Sam had to bend down a little to avoid hitting his head, but once through the aperture, he found himself in a rather surprisingly large and accommodating tunnel. He heard Crowley whistle again and turned just in time to see the opening closing behind them.
"I originally went to the Cage with you to help Sam. I was afraid that he...Lucifer...I know how strong Sam is, but my brother is a force not easily defied. Despite all that Sam had been through before, I was afraid he would submit to Lucifer, and this time we would not be able to get him back. Yet, I knew we needed Lucifer if we were to have any chance to defeat Amara. He was the last being that was left in creation who could stop her, or so I believed at the time."
The angel’s roar echoed through the yard but didn’t seem to phase the hunter.
Suddenly Sam vividly remembered the angel on his knees in front of the demon, choking on its cock. The hunter’s stomach twisted and anguish clawed at him. “Castiel kept sacrificing himself for me. He kept…trying to distract the demon until I could come up with a way to escape or trap Dean.”
"Oh!" Rowena said excitedly before suddenly leaning back in her chair and staring sadly at Sam. "Oh."
Dean arched an eyebrow. Maybe he was still asleep. Did Castiel say he'd made coffee? The hunter blinked the sleep from his eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel answered. He couldn’t go any further even if Dean wanted to, and the angel wasn’t sure the hunter did. Yet, Castiel found he couldn't let Dean go either.
"And what?"
Okay, nice long chapter. More adventures with Sam and Gabriel, but also some more of what you love with Dean and Cas. As always, Kudo and Comments feed the muse.
“Oh, please, Sam was completely knackered and like a wee bairn refused to go down for a nap.” Rowena shrugged. “I just did what any nurturing sou-”
From a human perspective, the restoration was instantaneous. From a celestial view, it was painstakingly slow. Castiel was taking no chances. He checked every cell in Dean’s body, searching for damage or imperfection, anything that should not be there. Earlier when he’d healed Dean’s ribs, the angel had missed the signs the hunter was in withdrawal. Cas would not make the same mistake twice.
“What game did you have in mind?” Sam knew he was going to regret asking.
Wake me up inside
“Right, still in mourning I see.” Crowley’s voice was deceptively soft and cool but the slight curl of his smile knew he launched a well-aimed barb.
have a choice.” Dean continued to press his advantage. “You’re telling me things can be fixed between us but if I don’t cooperate with you then what? Are you going to hurt me, Cas? Because I think that pretty much proves my point that we are way past repair.”
"So, you did it to help save the world, again," Dean said bluntly.
Crowley crooked his finger at Sam and Rowena. “The passage walls will mute any noise we make, but not completely. So let’s try and keep the growling to a minimum, shall we?” Then, he began moving forward.
Why had Crowley had this in his pocket? What did it mean? Was it a message from...Chuck?
I'm so tired of being here
Castiel glanced around the room. “That doesn’t explain this.”
is irrelevant,” Castiel stopped his circuit around the kitchen, his face turned slightly away from Dean. “Ostensibly neither is what I want, as I did not
The demon laughed as it freed its cock and reached for the can of bacon grease set on the trunk. “I admit this time was a little rough, but I gotta tell you Deano. I wouldn’t change a thing. Reaming Cas’s sweet virgin hole...well once you get a taste of it, you’ll just want more.”
Crowley leaned back and shrugged his shoulders in a noncommittal answer.
“But there’s no wh-” Sam paused mid-sentence, his mouth hanging open. On the
“Let him go,” Dean growled at the demon standing behind Castiel who was naked and bent over the back of the Impala.
Biting his bottom lip, Dean nodded.
"See, the world did not end," Castiel said.
Castiel watched Dean closely. The hunter hadn’t said anything since the angel kissed him, and Castiel was getting nervous. He hadn’t planned on kissing Dean. The original idea was to make the hunter coffee, and they would talk. Only, as usual, nothing had gone according to plan.
Before I come undone
“What about all of the people and angels I slew when I dared to take the mantle of my father?”
Dean rushed over to one of the many phones Bobby man and picked up the receiver. There was no dial tone. He tried the next one. More silence. Digging into his pocket, Dean dug out his cell phone. He flipped it on, no signal.
Castiel froze, the blue light dimmed from his eyes. He stared at Dean as if he couldn’t quite focus. Then there was the sound of a flock of birds lifting into flight at once. The angel disappeared.
A feeling of strength, that had nothing to do with the regenerative power of his grace, surged through the angel. He
Dean closed what remained of the distance between them and pressed his lips to Castiel’s. They were soft, warm, and so tender the angel began to wonder if this was real.
Gabriel shrugged. "I needed someplace to hide. He helped me once."
Sam shook his head. How could he explain to her about Bobby, what the old hunter had mean to him and Dean?
He felt weak, raw, and shaky. He needed a drink, bad. Focusing, he opened his eyes and stumbled back to his room, and managed to ease his way back into his t-shirt. The process left him feeling old and tired.
It would be so easy to just sag to the floor, lay there, and not move. Let Castiel, Amara, Chuck, Billie...whoever or whatever make the next call. Dean just wanted to quit.
In the corner was a small metal cage. It was box-like and had sides that looked oddly like heavy gates used to seal off entrances to castles.
Team Free Wheeling went flying backward into the wall of control panels. Sam heard something snap, and a sharp pain exploded from his bad ankle. This time he was sure it was more than just a sprain.
Dean fell to the floor. Keeping his eyes on Castiel, he warily got to his feet backed up against the bookshelf.
The demon screamed as its skin whitened and shriveled as the pouch hit it. Bones cracked and hardened. It abruptly fell still and quietly, momentarily turning into a strange alabaster-looking statue before collapsing into a mound of salt.
These wounds won't seem to heal, this pain is just too real
“And you just what do you hope to gain by this self-sacrifice?” Castiel asked.
“Look around, Moose,” Crowley said refilling his glass and looking at the hunter. “Who else do you have?”
"Anyway, Fenrir, Sleipnir, and Nafri were just trying to cover their keisters. They needed to get rid of me before Luci figured out where they had me hidden." Gabriel paused, and his face darkened. Sam almost expected to see blue spark in his eyes. "But SELLING me to that Kentucky Fried asshole? For them? That was alllll profit."
However, those were two little facts he wasn't about to share with the mothering redhead.
The angel frowned. What was wrong? Was there an unseen danger here?
But though you're still with me, I've been alone all along
The demon opened his mouth to make a sharp retort but took one look at Gabriel and Sam, then closed it. "Well, then let's get started. Tosser will be here sooner than you think."
When you'd scream, I'd fight away all of your fears
Castiel instinctively moved forward to help, momentarily forgetting his anger and the angel wards. There was a bright flash as the sigils activated forcing Cas to cover his eyes and take a step back.
“Look at me!” Castiel ordered
Briefly, Castiel had been tempted to answer the call. He’d been ready to rush to Dean’s side, but then…
Dean didn’t move. He sat immobile, watching Castiel.
“And where do you think you are going?” Rowena asked.
Without a glance back he stormed out of the house. He wasn’t sure where he was going, but he just needed to move. He needed distance. Unfortunately, the pocket dimension wasn’t that big. It had been created to the specifications of Bobby’s property and it didn’t take Dean that long to reach the edge of his new world.
Dean rounded the corner of the house and his knees buckled dropping him to the ground.
What was he doing? Was he okay? Now that Dean was sober and not being pulled apart by withdrawal he could think clearer and while that meant he had to deal with the memories and things he’d rather not think about, it also meant he had room to wonder about his baby brother.
The witch shook her head. “I don’t need the details to know the demon broke something in you too. So who fixes you?”
Dean swallowed trying to make his mouth work so he could answer, but words wouldn’t come, so he just nodded. Maybe Castiel had saved him just to smite him.
They had a deal.
The angel wasn’t sure what the hunter was asking for, but Castiel nodded anyway. He let his head fall forward to take a deep breath.
A nice long chapter to help get the story moving forward. I hope you all like where this is going. Again, when I wrote Part 1, this is always how I conceived of Part 2 going.
The angel cocked his head slightly to the side. "No."
"You know too well what I can do to you!" Asmodeus continued, yelling. "I
“Move!” Sam growled as he stood.
“Yes, the one who fed you demon blood as a tot,” Crowley answered.
“Dead.” His answer was flat and cold. Sam was done. He had just lost everything and he didn’t need some arrogant stranger in his home pointing a gun at him! He stepped forward. “Listen, lady. I don't know who the hell you are or what the hell you want—”
Castiel stretched his wings and held Dean as if he was precious and fragile. With a quick flutter, he was in the bedroom upstairs where the hunter slept. He lay the hunter on the bed. Calling on his grace once more, the angel passed his hand over Dean cleansing him of the residual filth he’d wallowed in on the floor of the panic room.
The prayer was earnest and unmistakable.
“Gabe!” The hunter shouted, searching for the archangel. Where had he gone? Quickly the hunter scanned the room and spotted a door marked with a burned-out “EXIT” sign overhead.
The angel took another step back; the orisons and emotions were unexpected blows. What was happening? Other memories from the bunker arose in Castiel’s mind.
Once again Dean’s teeth clacked together. He had to think of something to say, find some way of breaking through Castiel’s panic and reaching him.
"Cas, please," Dean pleaded as he placed his palms flat on the table and hung his head. "Please leave me...my nightmares be."
Cas’s words hit Dean like a sucker punch momentarily knocking the breath out of him. The angel had hit him in the hunter’s weak spot.
However, unlike the bunker, Castiel had his grace. He was restored to his full glory and Dean had nothing, not even Sam, to stand between him and Castiel’s celestial wrath.
Castiel pursed his lips and lifted an eyebrow waiting for Dean’s artifice.
Castiel froze and looked at Dean.
“When I begged you not to send me to that room...deep down I knew it wasn’t me picking up the knife again that I feared, it was the memories.” Dean hated the way his voice cracked. “You know it wasn’t Alistair’s taunts that did it that broke through my denial, forced me to remember. It was...”
Rowena began to chant, and the symbols started to smoke.
Castiel flew from one edge of the pocket dimension to the next, fluttering and bouncing off the invisible boundary like a firefly trapped in a mason jar. There was no grand design or strategy to his movement, just a primal instinct to flee. He needed to escape from this place, his memories, his thoughts, and the chaotic emotions which were overwhelming his reason and being.
"Again, why?" The angel asked, leaning forward slightly and his eyes shining just a tad bluer than usual. He tilted his head, and then he widened his eyes as understanding swept through him. "You are afraid of what I will see. You do not want me to know what images haunt your unconscious mind while you sleep."
The door was hanging off its hinges and left half-open leaving plenty of space for Sam to squeeze past it. As quick as he could he scrambled forward and shoved his way into the room. His knees were beginning to ache and bruise from being dragged along the concrete floor, but he didn’t have a choice. They hurt less than the bone aching pain that was still pulsating from his ankle which was now nearly the size of a grapefruit.
He hadn’t wanted help. He’d wanted an escape, freedom from the memories and the emotions. Castiel had welcomed his death which had been denied him. This place, this recreation of Bobby’s had not been built for his benefit, but Dean’s.
“Will you?” The question was full of contemptuous doubt. Castiel took a step forward. “Be warned, just in case you are contemplating being anything less than forthright with me…”
Gabriel was looming over him, eyes shining.  He jabbed a finger into Sam's chest. "Oh, and Samwise?? The next time you decide to take on a Prince of Hell mano y mano...you thought being a talking car was bad? Wait until you are a talking horse!"
“What?” Dean asked.
Sam prayed without thinking, his thought full of entreaty full of concern and a silent vow. The hunter wouldn't let Asmodeus have the angel again. Even if it meant drinking the Prince's blood to save the archangel, Sam would.
"I raped you, Cas." It was a quiet admission, so soft-spoken, Dean wasn't sure he'd really said it aloud. "I held you down you over the back of Baby...and I...fucked you."
Castiel closed his eyes, trying to force the images and words from his mind. However, it only seemed to bring more. He recalled his final submission to the demon.
What was going on? Was it too much for the universe to just stop and give him a break long enough to mourn his losses? The only answer Sam had to any of his questions was the note in his hand.
Dean took a steadying breath and dropped his hands to his side. He couldn’t go there, not yet, but he owed Castiel. So he’d have to start somewhere else.
“Either way, he is correct,” Castiel muttered aloud. He hated to admit it but it was the truth. In the end, raping Dean would have only done greater damage to the angel, not help him.
The hunter stared at the angel then said, “Can I…I mean, is it okay if I….”
When you'd scream, I'd fight away all of your fears
He and Cas had spoken.
His tongue continued to spear Castiel while the angel whimpered and ground his ass against Dean trying to impale himself deeper.
“Dying...painfully.”
"Every day," the angel barked, interrupting Sam. "
my memories.”
“Then tell me about Alistair, Dean,” Castiel whispered, his eyes still locked with Dean’s.
"Well, obviously, his intellect is intact," Rowena interjected before the demon, and the hunter started another row.
The angel understood and knew this agony because it had been his too. Discernment coursed through him so powerful it shook his body, this had been the same desperate cry his inner being had made when the demon had violated him.
Sam gripped his cell phone tighter. He'd faced Lucifer, he wasn't afraid of the country-fried pretender to the throne of hell. "I'm hanging up."
Dean stumbled backward, widening his eyes in awe. His gut twisted in a combined feeling of terror and reverence he hadn’t felt since the first time he’d laid eyes on Castiel. If Dean had previously thought the angel had been glorious, Castiel was now a brilliant and imposing symbol of the divine towering before him.
Snatches of images, scents, and echoes of conversation flitted threw his mind as he dressed. Bile had pooled on the basement floor. The air reeked of it along with the smell of stale scent and fresh urine.
"How do you know if we don't look?"
“I’ll meet you on the porch.” The angel gave a curt nod, then there was the fluttering sound of wings and he was gone.
His breath hitched and his fists clenched. He had hoped.
Alrighty everyone, grab your binky, a cup of tea, and settle in. This is a long chapter that exceeds maximum safe angst levels.
“It was the end of the world!” Dean snapped, Castiel’s questions cutting into him like an angel blade. “I didn’t have a choice! Chuck...God...your father was dying and creation was coming undone. We..
Castiel smiled sadly. He was in love with Dean, and he knew the hunter could never love him back.
Dean shook his head and moved toward the angel without thinking. "No! Damnit!"
As far as Sam was concerned, it had been a waste of valuable time. Years of post-hunting first aid, patching Dean and himself up, had given him the experience to know when an injury was severe are not.
“I never asked for it,” Dean snapped.
"Dea-"
Castiel turned and looked at Dean. He lifted an eyebrow. “Then what happened?”
“No!” Dean growled without hesitation. “Don’t you fucking touch him!”
"Company coming of an infernal nature, I take it?" Crowley asked.
When you cried, I'd wipe away all of your tears
Sam could almost hear Bobby call him “idjit” as the world went dark around him.
“Kissing,” Dean explained. “You’re a good kisser.”
"You made coffee?" He asked as he took the cup. Why?
Suddenly the room, the house, felt like it was closing in on him. The air felt then and stale like he couldn’t breathe. He needed out.
Loki took another step toward Sam. “Ah, but why was my father there in the first place?”
Gabriel was quiet for a moment then said, "Obetka mafin"
“Cas,” Dean said softly. “It… it’s okay.”
It was slow going. Sam was pretty sure he had a broken rib, hand, and foot. His jaw didn’t feel that great either. Still, he managed to check a few floors. On the seventh, he nearly fell to his knees. A small body lay prone and unmoving on the floor.
He should have known. Castiel can be oblivious sometimes, and at others, he can be more discerning than anyone Dean's ever met.
Bring me to life
Sam struggled to consciousness. He wasn’t sure if the ongoing argument was real, or just a dream.
For a moment, Castiel stood rooted to the spot, staring at the frantic and aberrant scene before him. Dean’s t-shirt clung to damply him, dark perspiration stains forming along his back. His face was twisted in an ugly snarl while shining with tears and sweat.
Images pulsed through the angel’s awareness. Memories captured down to the finest details. Each nuance of scent from the metallic smell of blood to the musky essence of ejaculate was as clear to him now as when…
Perhaps that’s why Sam hadn’t fought Dean’s suicide mission to yet again thwart the Apocalypse. While Castiel had been alive, Sam had had some hope that maybe things could get better. He’d had hope that somehow they’d be a family again. In some ways, finding Chuck had only strengthened that faith.
Shaking, Castiel forced himself to his feet. He had not asked to be here nor wanted it. Yet, he here was and like the bunker there was no escape.
make me separate you.
“Adiuro vos!” Rowena commanded.
“And how exactly would we know that, Sammy?” Dean said, turning to focus his attention back on his brother. “For the last few months, he’s been nothing but Lucifer’s gimp suit. We don’t even know why he agreed to do that!”
.  He sucked in a deep breath and tried to collect himself. He knew exactly where this was going and he had to stop it before it was too late, not for him, but for Cas.
Castiel had remembered how Dean had been with Ben and Lisa. The angel had been invisible to the hunter, watching him unseen as Dean lived a family life. While Dean had clearly missed being a hunter, he’d also loved being a father, and he’d been good at it. It was instinctive in him to nurture and protect. For Dean love meant family. How could the angel ever give him that?
Sam gave a slight nod.
“Gabriel... it’s me, Sam Winchester,” the hunter said, focusing back on the hapless prisoner. He reached for the angel.
Sam’s arms were numb and there was a cold twist in his stomach. He lowered his gun, his eyes locked on the piece of paper in Rowena’s hands. It was familiar, too familiar. Forcing air into his lungs he reached for it with his free hand.
one."
Whatever issues he had with Dean, he knew the hunter was more than capable of taking care of himself. There were few things that could get the better of Dean Winchester. Yet, clearly, the hunter was in a situation that was beyond him, one that might very well pose a threat to Castiel.
If it was, then it was better than the oblivion that Billy had promised, but it still felt cheap and Sam couldn’t bring himself to be grateful.
"'Per usual, my brother had double my brawn and half my brains. He assumed the counterfeit me was what vanished that night and thought that he'd stabbed the real thing.'" Crowley paused to trace a few of the symbols with his fingers before resuming. "'The truth is, the thing Luci skewered was a fake. There are plenty of fakes to go around. Everyone believed Gabriel was gone. And suddenly, I was free. No obligation to God or Heaven, or mankind. And so I did what anyone would do--"
There was a muted cry and the muffled sound of something scurrying. There was movement in the container. Whatever was in there was alive.
Okay, this chapter is currently very unbeta'd. This is a very raw post. I'll come back and do an edit later. Apologies for the long delay. Vertigo for almost two months, not good. Having a best friend kidnap you for Mardi Gras, very good.
"You are stalling."
The angel had been a quiet observer these past three days since their last parlance in the kitchen. If asked, Castiel was not sure he could provide an answer as to why he had been keeping to himself. He was the one who had laid down the terms of their shared existence and had been the one who had insisted on “talking.”
The angel’s own memories answered his silent questions. Castiel had initially survived the demon’s assaults by drawing a distinction between it and Dean. Somewhere along the line, the perception blurred, but the truth never did.
“Because I’ll stop, Cas. Whatever we are doing, I’ll stop and wait for you to tell me what you need to feel safe again. I promise, Castiel. You just say the word and whatever it  takes it’s yours.”
Closing his eyes, Castiel bowed his head slightly. The demon had done this. It had violated the angel and left Dean to bear the sin. The angel drew a calming breath before stooping down and reaching out to grasp the hunter's right shoulder.
What did Dean want to know? Why had Castiel submitted to the demon, giving in, letting it take and abuse him?
“See right there!” Dean jabbed a finger toward the other man. “That’s the problem,
So a little bit of fluff...a little bit of angst. Kudo and comments if you like!
A thought occurred to him that sent a cold rage through him. He shot Crowley a look. Had the former King of Hell known about this?
Sam read the words over and over again until they were blurred by the tears in his eyes. Cas and Dean, they were together. Somehow, somewhere, his brother and their angel were alive.
When you cried, I'd wipe away all of your tears
"No, Samuel, the Book of the Damned doesn't have anything like that," Rowena sighed. "The Demon Tablet's not a bad idea. I suppose one could argue Hell is a pocket dimension, but we don't know where the Demon Tablet is."
I’m thinking of.”
Castiel wasn’t even aware he’d made the supplication. Dean just had a few more inches to go and then-
“NO!” Rowena and Sam replied in unison.
"The only excitement you are going to find is me exorcising you straight back to your former kingdom if you don't leave," Sam warned.
Dean’s knees buckled as he remembered the next phantom his dying mind had conjured. He pulled his fist free from his mouth and tried to dig his fingers into the floorboard as if to hold on to them like a lifeline.
Dean sat behind Bobby’s desk, a half dozen books spread out in front of him. They might have some references on dimensional magic, but he wasn’t sure. Dean was having trouble concentrating. Words blurred together, and paragraphs he’d read multiple times seemed incomprehensible.
“It’s me D..Dean. I’m here, Cas. I’m right h..here. It’s just me. Me and you. It’s just me, Cas.” The demon spoke again and Castiel readied to rend him asunder when something quiet and small but still profound stilled his wrath momentarily.
Physically he felt good, better than he’d felt in…
Lyrics:
Castiel narrowed his eyes and studied Dean. The Winchester’s t-shirt hung strange and uneven across his chest. The tight fabric lumpy, as if it covered something more than just the man’s flesh.
“And what are you suggesting?” Castiel asked taking a half step toward Dean.
Strong but slim, arms slid under his shoulders. "Would ya quit being such a gob and let me help, Samuel!"
02/15;21 surgery went well. Still in hospital. Big chunk of liver gon e and will have a stint in yfo the next few weeks. Hard to concentrate   Wanted to let you know I was doing okay
Castiel held up his hand, halting Dean. "I believe I need a respite. Perhaps we can resume this later...cleaning up the room?"
Rationally, Castiel knew the demon was gone, but logic had little to do with the fear inside of him. The angel had completely restored Dean, made him whole. Dean was now more dangerous. How many demons, angels, old gods, and other monsters had the hunter killed?
Castiel’s jaw clenched and his eyes shone a dangerous blue. “If that is the case then you would not be so concerned if I go ‘Vader.’ It would not matter to you who I become as a result of my actions.”
He unlocked it. Dim LED light illuminated the area around him.
The angel thought he’d known what Dean had suffered. There had been a time, Castiel had watched over the hunter while he slept. The angel had monitored his dreams, trying to keep the nightmares of Perdition's torments at bay.
The more Castiel rattled the hunter, jolting his body back and forth hard enough to cause his teeth to snap together, the more the angel began to be reassured Dean was real but he had to be sure.
A new epiphany took root in the angel's understanding of their paltry universe. Castiel did not just have all the power because he had been restored, but because Dean had given it to him. As the angel stared back into Dean's eyes, still shimmering with tears, he understood a new eternal truth. Castiel could do anything he wanted to Dean because the hunter would
"No, Cas, you can barely stand being in the same room with me at times or being touched by me. How do you move past that?"
Suddenly the world stopped moving as Castiel ceased shaking Dean. The angel’s eyes remained fixed and focused on Dean’s.
Dean trembled. He knew the words before Castiel spoke them, they were an echo of his thoughts spoken aloud, and each one a prybar wedging the cracks in Dean’s soul wider.
Sam frowned. "What's the difference."
Dean closed his eyes. The angel’s words thrumming in his head with the pounding of the crowbar,
want for when Lucifer finds you?" Sam retorted.
For a moment he was stunned, his body awash with competing injuries trying to out hurt each other for attention. He couldn’t focus his eyes and even if he could, it was an inky black all around him.
Until you find it there, and lead it, back, home
It was wrapped tightly around the Winchester brother’s torso.
The command, the promise, rose up past his panic.
“No grand gestures of self-sacrifice or suffering,” Castiel continued ignoring and overriding whatever Dean was about to say. “You do not get to decide what I want or need. You do not even get to decide what you need.”
"No nightmares?" Castiel's eyes seemed to pierce right through Dean's as if he were digging around the back of the Winchester's skull.
The anger was leaking out of him, like a puncture in an old tire. In its stead was an unsettling mix of hope and dread. The pages could be more clues about what happened to Dean and Cas, but given what they had read at Bobby's, Sam wasn't sure he wanted to know what happened next.
"No, Gabriel….You can't just walk away. OW!" Sam rose to his feet and tried taking a step. His broken ankle gave out and his foot collapsed underneath.
He turned and answered her by handing her the paper. "Rowena...help me."
“So you are Sam Winchester,” Loki said, giving the hunter an appraising look. “Thought you’d be taller.”
He shuffled his way over to her, his head pounding and his ribs aching. He approached her with a mix of caution and reverence. Reaching out, he ran his fingertips along the driver’s door. The metal was smooth and warm. Oh, how he’d missed her!
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d failed, but he’d saved the world. Dean stood in front of Amara reunited with a restored Chuck, alive and disarmed. He still wasn’t sure what had happened.
He glanced back at the angel. "Gabriel, you have to dig yourself out of this hole. Look, I know you think it's safer inside. No more torture. No more pain. No more expectations. I've been there. You're nothing like your family. You sure as hell aren't like your dad."
Immediately, Gabriel's head shot up like a frightened dog. He scooted back across the bed.
“Dad, no!” Dean shook his head. “Sam’s okay. He’s-”
Thank you all for your prayers, positive thoughts, and good juju.
A cold wash of dread flooded into the angel, settling in his stomach. It began to chase away all of the earlier peace and amnesty until he felt almost frozen and crystallized.
With a frustrated growl, he slammed the book shut and shoved the chair he was sitting in away from Bobby’s desk. Dean glanced around it. He hadn’t done any better with any of the other books over the last three hours. How were they supposed to find their way out of “Bobbyland” if Dean couldn’t even concentrate enough to do research?
Gabriel let out a deep sigh and glanced away from Sam. "I killed their brother."
“Sam?” Rowena called softly from behind him.
The hunter focused his attention back on the angel. They came to Hell because they needed an archangel to help them. Instead, they came to Hell because an archangel needed
Enjoy!
"Uhm, but, you know, it's been…." He twisted his head slightly to the right. "What's the opposite of fun?... That!"
"Wait!" Sam's eyes almost lit up, and he almost chuckled. "There is another archangel...Michael."
Cas had known it too. Sam had seen something in the angel’s eyes. They’d learned to read each other well while they’d been at the Deanmon’s mercy, as well as their time in recovering from it.
There was a long silence. The angel began to wonder if the human had actually heard him.
Dean lowered his beer. “You think this is self-pity? Wow, you really are out of touch,
Dean had the grace to duck his head slightly, a subtle acknowledgment that the angel wasn’t wrong, but then he straightened. “No, Cas, I won’t. I promise I’ll only use it if I really need to.”
“I said stop.” She was calm and collected as if she’d had her own turn at staring down the devil.
“What’s wrong?” Sam whispered in a rush.
Dean slid from sleep to consciousness like the slip of bolt when a key is turned in a lock. One moment he was cinched in dreamless oblivion and then there was an unseen twist which bolted him into wide-eyed alertness.
Alistair turned back to look at Dean as it resumed masturbating him. This time its strokes weren’t slow and teasing. They were quick and urgent, ratcheting up the need in Dean and coiling up ball of tension at the base of his spine until it was nearly ready to unravel. “So selfish. There’s still so much we...you could teach the angel. Still so much more to break.”
“Dean!” Castiel cried in a rough and broken voice as internally he began to castigate himself for his own cruel injudiciousness. How many times had the demon taunted him about what Dean would think? How many times had it said that the hunter wouldn’t want to be cured after what it done? It had
"Fergus!" Rowena snapped.
to think?”
Rowena smiled. “I’m not even a wee bit tired.”
Dean paled. That was not a memory he wanted to recall. "Cas, this has nothing to do with that."
Sam snatched to grab it, his hands shaking so much he nearly dropped the phone. Moving to sit back against a wall he quickly unfolded the page and pointed his light at it revealing a familiar type. He was filled with both dread and joy as he began to read:
Dean sucked in a deep breath. He tried not to notice the feel and the heat of Alistair’s hand but he couldn’t. The demon had played with him so many times, his body knew its master and responded accordingly.
Until…”
Those were the first words Dean had said to Castiel proving the demon was right. Dean couldn’t forgive the angel for what he’d done.
The demon leaned forward and licked at the corner of Dean’s eye, lapping away the tear that hadn’t quite fallen yet. “You had so much to learn, my boy. How after so much pain, just a little pleasure...is compounded. It’s overwhelming and undeniable.”
Castiel had flown as high and wide as the border would allow. He had tested it and fought against it through the night. He’d raged against it, using his true voice hoping to shatter it. It had only left him with frustration, anger, and questions.
“May I? Rowena asked as she reached for it.
All they had done was piss Amara off.
Sam glanced at the god. He’d tell him to go to hell if he could. Trouble was, a person needed air to talk, and the hunter was still struggling to catch his breath.
“The tapestry of…” Dean fought back the urge to throw his beer at the other man. God may be dying, but he still might have enough juice to smite someone and while Dean was seeking out oblivion, he did still have one more mission to carry out.  “Well, look around, Chuck because the best part of creation died a few hours ago and that’s on you.”
“Are you hurt?” Castiel asked, demanding an answer.
"I'm sorry, Cas. I'm so sorry," Dean wept as he knelt practically at Castiel's feet. The hunter's head was bowed, and arms were wrapped around his torso while he cried so hard his body shook.
“I do not serve you, Dean. I do not serve my Father. Make no mistake,
Crowley, for once, said nothing. He read the look in Sam’s eye and quietly shook his head.
Chuck nodded and winked at him as suddenly he and Amara began to fade and blend together becoming ephemeral tendrils of light and dark that twisted together into a spiral before shooting up into the cosmos.
It was a soft smile that slowly spread across his face and caused Dean's heart to ache. When had he last seen Castiel smile like that?
“Not Amara?”
“I said, stop!” Castiel thundered as he charged over to Dean and grabbed him mid-swing, high up on his left arm.
Dean fell to his knees, unable to hold back the tears and the memories any longer. He tried to make fists in the dirt, clawing at it as if he could dig out that part of him that remembered.
For several, long moments he continued to gaze into the hunter's eyes, watching them for any change. When he was assured there were none, he eased his grip on Dean’s arms but did not release him. “Do not touch me without my leave.”
“Some people nap,” Sam offered. He could hope, couldn’t he?
A smile tugged across Sam’s face. “Not even a very good one.”
Then Gabriel jaunted down the steps with his customary swagger. Rowena was rising to her feet as well as Crowley. Sam grimaced and managed to hop on one foot and leaned against the table.
“You don’t have to be rude, Samuel,” the witch huffed. “I simply meant you could do more to help pass the time. Maybe talk, you know as civilized people do.”
“After Amara killed Lucifer. She wounded Chuck. Like, call Death’s replacement for the big Reap wounded him.” Dean started again. “The sun started to go out. We regrouped back at the bunker. We came up with a plan to create a soul bomb to...generate enough light to overwhelm her darkness.”
Gabriel glared at the demon. "You know, I'm pretty sure I have enough juice to set off another demon-sized roman candle."
“And how do you figure that?” Sam looked at her from the corner of his eye.
"They are about the bunker, aren't they?" There was something in Castiel's voice that made Dean afraid. He could almost hear the angel thinking, deliberating facts, and drawing conclusions.
The hunter laid curled on the floor, eyes staring blankly back at Castiel. Drool falling from the corner of his mouth.
“So what, you think Amara brought you back but Chuck made this…” Dean waved his arms around as if the gesture could explain the strange world around them.
Dean swallowed and took a step back. “Meaning?”
"Oh, I missed you, boy," Asmodeus said as Gabriel began to shake his head. "I'm going to have to punish you rather severely, I'm afraid."
Sam nodded and closed his eyes. Truthfully he’d be grateful for whatever the angel could do. Like in the bunker, the hunter felt Gabriel’s grace wash over him. Once again, he was pulled into a strong undertow as it rolled through him.
What was she going to do? Shoot him? That would defeat the purpose of taking him in? “You and I both know you aren’t going to sh-”
He paused and studied Castiel for a moment. "It won't be the same. I mean, I've rebuilt Baby before, but each time it's never quite the same. I'm not Chuck. I can't just make it as if it never happened. If you know where to look, you'll see where the damage was."
Gabriel chortled, “Well, a little over two millennia ago, I was at this great party in Pelia when I saw this guy with the greatest ass I’d seen since Sodom and….”
They’d charged in, attacked, and in the end, she’d smote Lucifer and mortally crippled Chuck. Now the whole world was dying, and all of creation was on the verge of being undone.
The hunter watched the exchange and frowned. His cell phone was vibrating. Who could be calling? He pulled it out of his pocket and answered it on speaker, "Hello."
. Once more Sam’s eyes began to water, this time not from exhaustion.
Dean mumbled something else while his fingers scrabbled along the concrete floor until they bleed.
Sam gave a curt nod then focused back on Crowley. “You sure you can get us in?”
Gasping, Castiel forced his aching vessel to a seated position. Only Dean’s words had stopped the angel.
He couldn’t answer. Air was trapped in his lungs. Memories were colliding with the present reality. All Dean could do was try and shut Alistair out, but he knew it was impossible.
"Samuel, you need to rest," Rowena admonished once again. She was starting to lose her patience. The hunter was once again pushing himself past his limits.
“Bobby! Damn it, if you’re here, answer me!” Dean shouted moving room through the room. The old man wasn’t there. All of his things, were, as far a Dean could tell. The house was exactly as he’d remembered it from every book to the lumpy couch. Yet, it was quiet, too quiet.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. There was a part of him that wanted to reach out to Dean, to connect with him. In all of the unfathomable eons of his existence, nothing and no one had ever moved Castiel like this man. The angel had not just rebelled against Heaven for him. He did not just fall from grace for him, but he had also learned to love and be human because of him.
"Well, demons in Vegas had odd my bro was gonna pull out a big win."
Narrowing his eyes, Dean watched for any signs of condensed air on exhaling. He saw nothing, but still, his teeth chattered. This didn’t make sense.
Dean laughed. “I have a reputation.”
Adrenaline flooded through Castiel’s vessel. It was a natural response as it prepared for fight or flight. The angel was angry. Castiel was scared. What if he was wrong? What if somehow it could come back? The angel bit back a growl.
The hunter raised his eyebrows. "You want to prov...Cas, what are you talking about?"
“Alistair?” The world twisted around inside of Dean like a ball of snakes in a bag. He didn’t know whether to be on alert that Cas was asking about the demon or to feel sucker-punched. Either way, instinctively, his walls were going up. He was checking to see if his deepest nightmares were still locked firmly away into the darkest corner of his soul. “Why...What about him?”
“And how is that decided Dean?” Castiel snorted. “How are you proposing we determine if you’ve ‘abused’ the privilege?”
Sam sighed and turned his head. He'd lost.
“Don't,” a blond woman in a tailored pantsuit warned. She was pointing her own pistol at him. She gave him a curt smile. “Sam Winchester. Toni Bevell. Men of Letters, London Chapterhouse.”
After flipping the switch on the Mr. Coffee, Dean turned toward the refrigerator. His legs felt like noodles as he crossed the kitchen.
"Fine!" Dean said, standing up. He turned around for a second.
The angel would forever be lost.
A cold chill went down Sam’s spine. He recognized the substance.
"Cas-" Dean tried again.
Dean’s prayers ripped through Castiel again.
“Stop,” she warned him again.
"I know, but I will!" Dean said, flinching but not backing down. "Castiel, you talk as if Amara killing you didn't matter as-"
Dean lowered his eyes, hiding the pain behind them. They weren’t friends anymore.
It was heaven.” Alistair began to hum. The song was burned into Dean’s memory. It was the one the demon had sung as it had first br…
Yet, somehow they had spent a better part of an hour silently working together without the horrors of the past overcoming them. The burdens and repercussions were still between them, but for a moment, they had set them aside. It gave the angel hope.
“You have some nerve, you know that?” Dean interrupted setting the six-pack down on the counter and plucking out a bottle. He really wasn’t in the mood for a “life talk” from the Almighty. “Where do you get off coming in here….to what? Give me some advice? As far as I’m concerned, you’re just one more absentee father.”
You can't just leave me
“I chose you, Dean. I chose you and Sam to decide. I chose to let humanity choose.”
"Trouble in paradise?" Crowley asked from the doorway.
He sat down across from Castiel and lifted a slice of toasted bread.
CASTIEL HAD SEARCHED the logical places in Bobby’s for Dean. The Winchester wasn’t in the den, upstairs, or in the kitchen.
The possibility terrified Castiel and he grabbed Dean, once again desperate to look into his eyes. The angel lifted the hunter off his feet, shaking any resistance or fight from him.
“I have observed that the sunsets in this universe are unusually vibrant. The hues are richer. They remind me of a time when the Earth was younger, and the skies were clearer.” Castiel spoke matter-of-factly.
"What were you doing in our rooms?" Sam growled as he did his best to storm his way towards the demon. It was hard to do hopping on one foot and a crutch.
Dean was choosing to die? Why?
Sam caught the look in Crowley’s eyes. The empathetic Winchester wasn’t buying the cynical routine.
Castiel stilled, his blue eyes locked with Dean’s green. He snarled, “Not that much. Tell me you did not desire me, Dean. Convince me the demon didn’t act on needs and feeling already there?”
Cas had damned good reasons for leaving Dean. The angel had every right to shut him out. What Dean had done to him, was unforgivable. How could Dean even begin? What was he supposed to say?
Green eyes bled to black. One image of Dean overlaid another.
He begged me. Didn’t you, Feathers?”
"Oh," the angel said before ducking his head a bit and then smiling slightly. "Perhaps their instructions could have been more informative."
“Good,” Rowena beamed, a smile to make a Cheshire cat jealous, spreading wide across her face. “I’ll go first. Did something happen between Dean and Castiel?”
Castiel pressed his fingertips together and raised his steepled hands, pushing them to his lips. There was a part of the angel that wanted Dean to resist, maybe even needed it. This deferential version of the hunter was not someone with whom the angel was familiar.
Dean licked his dry lips and glanced back at the angel. He moved toward the table and took the glass. "Thanks, Cas."
“Be ready in twenty,” he barked at the witch as he marched past her and headed for his room.
What about his memories from hell? Castiel had forced Dean to talk about them, preventing him from denying them anymore. Would Dean hate himself for wanting Castiel? Would Dean resent the way the angel had taken control?
Dean wasn’t all to sure he really wanted to know where the angel was, except that he was pretty certain he didn’t want to be wherever Castiel happened to be at the moment.
had happened.”
Dean stared at the angel, silently pleading to stop. The hunter refused to say ‘pickles,’ but he hoped that it wouldn’t be necessary. He hoped the angel’s compassion would override this need to tear into Dean’s darkest secrets.
Then it was as if Dean’s very soul slammed into Castiel as it cried out with every ounce of fury and denial it could muster. It rocked through the angel, and if he hadn’t already been sitting on the floor, it would have knocked him to it.
“Buffy?” Sam narrowed his eyes in confusion.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. "Is this because of what happened in the kitchen?"
Sam didn’t bother to count to five. “Sorry to disappoint you, Rowena. I’ll be happy to pull over and let you out. I’m sure you can conjure a broomstick and fly off to somewhere more...stimulating.”
This time though, the power lingered and with it was a strange feeling that was somewhere between peace and pleasure. Sam became hypersensitive, and his body tingled with awareness. It was the oddest sensation, and Sam wasn’t sure if he wanted to run from or to it. All he knew was that it was overwhelming, and if it didn’t stop soon, he was going to embarrass himself.
Only then did he understand, Castiel wasn’t angry he was scared. He was nearly panicking and as his eyes searched Dean’s, the hunter finally understood.
A shudder of fear went through Sam. This was not the angel he knew.
John Winchester pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head. He sighed, then looked at Dean. “I thought I raised you better than this, Dean. Thought I
The witch shifted in her seat again and looked at him expectantly. “Twenty-questions. You do know how to play, right?”
Health update
Sam backed up. He was running out of room. Soon Loki would have him cornered. “No, no, I can’t.”
“You’d be surprised how practical that spell is to have on hand,” Rowena purred.
The breath rushed out the angel as the hunter’s head and shoulders pushed past the wards. Castiel reached and grabbed Dean tight by the upper arm, pulling him all the way clear of the sigils.
No, there had to be a flaw in the angle’s logic. Dean’s anger was dissolving into fear, not for himself but for Cas. The angel could not lose hope, could not believe that the demon had shattered him completely, but Dean could not see how babbling on about himself, his feelings, or everything that had happened could make anything better.
Perhaps Dean had never been the Righteous Man? Could Castiel have been deceived from the beginning, blinded by his own naivete? Had he been tempted to fall not because Dean had been a good man worth saving but because the hunter had been corrupted all along?
"Lucifer knew," Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper. "He fucking knew what happened and...and he wanted me to know that he knew."
Dean looked around. He was pinned high up against the wall. He looked back at Castiel, eyes wide with fear.
Loki smirked and took another step. “Tomato…tomahto….anyway the point is I’m sure you understand. What would you do for your father?”
The angel sighed. How would they both reconcile what the demon had done when they laid the burden of blame on Dean?
Then somehow, the angel stepped even closer to Dean before raising his hand to gently cup the back of Dean's neck. The touch was light and warm, almost a caress rather than a grip. Before the hunter could ask Cas what he was doing, he leaned in and brushed his lips across Dean's.
The angel jutted out his chin slightly as he saw the hunter then stood. He held out a glass toward Dean. "I was uncertain on how to make the coffee, so I made juice, or rather I followed the directions on the frozen canister in the freezer."
I didn't think I was ever going to get this chapter finished. It's horribly unbetaed. However, I finally got it to where I wanted it to be. So much more groundwork to cover.
Author PSA in notes at the end.
The angel blinked as his brain suddenly processed the information. Castiel couldn’t remember a time Dean Winchester didn’t drink. Those first few months after the angel had retrieved him from hell, the hunter had rarely ever been without a drink. While over the years he’d learned to moderate, he’d never really ceased.
Slowly he scanned the room, looking for whatever it was that was setting him on edge.
“I’m okay, Cas,” the hunter answered with a timid smile. “I just…”
Sam licked his lips and nodded. He unfolded one of the pages and read.
More unwanted memories came to Dean’s mind. He remembered how he’d let the newly rebelled and fallen angel down. Castiel had become someone,
“SAM!” Rowena yelled.
Chuck sighed and shook his head. “It’s not that simple, Dean.”
Team Free Wheeling was still standing. He looked for what was next. Briefly, the hunter caught sight of Asmodeus. Before he could raise the alarm, the Prince of Hell raised his hand and pointed his thumb and pinky toward the trio.
Dean now stood in front of Castiel, his eyes still fixed on the angel. Yet, he radiated complete submission. The gaze was for the angel's benefit so he could see that Dean's eyes were green and not black.
The angel glanced at the car then back to Dean. He might not be in debt to the hunter, but he was still better than him. Castiel raised the hunter's hand, lifting it toward his forehead.
“Rowena!” Sam snapped.
The Winchester raised his head but didn't say anything.
DEAN’S EYES WERE blurry with unshed tears. He wasn’t sure if they were from knotting nausea that kept twisting his stomach at the smell of food, the pain in his head, or the grief squeezing at his heart. He blinked, trying to clear them.
“My point it is, Dean, what would you have done differently?” Chuck asked.
Gabriel exited the stairwell and smirked at him.
Castiel made another sound somewhere between a guttural moan and a gasp.
“Yeah, something...like I don’t know…like ‘pickles.’” Dean gestured with his hands as the words tumbled out of him. “So if I say that then...we stop...take a break...change topics for a while.”
It took longer than Sam would have liked, but eventually, he made it to the hotel lobby. He could tell his foot had swollen inside his boot. His right hand was barely functional, and he was grateful the clerk didn’t say anything to him as he left. Sam’s jaw hurt too much to talk.
“I wish,” Crowley snorted.
“I do not consent to this,” Castiel said again. Then there was the flutter of wings, and he was gone.
“Mogadishu...I think,” Sam said brushing his fingertips across his forehead.
Call my name and save me from the dark
Curling his fingers into his palms hard enough to draw blood, Dean overrode his own physiology. The demon had drug Dean’s secret desires out of from the deepest closets he’d hid them. It had debased and corrupted them, using them to torture and hurt the one being Dean loved and wanted to keep innocent.
A series of tiny shudders rippled through Dean’s body. Were they in response to Castiel or just signs the hunter’s body was further breaking down?
Okay, thought this chapter had some really sweet moments. Gabriel and Sam are definitely growing on me. As before, pulling a lot from Unfinished Business.
He knew and understood Gabriel's pain from experience. Sam didn't talk about the Cage. Discussing it required thinking about it, and that's something he didn't do unless he had to.
“Better?” Chuck smiled.
The demon studied it for a moment, then tapped a small stone about an inch from the base of the floor with his foot twice. He whistled a tune that took Sam a moment to identify. The hunter rolled his eyes.
The answering moan was loud and clear.  Castiel rushed forward and then came to an abrupt halt as angelic wards flared all around him. On the other side of them was the open door Bobby’s panic room.
Slowly, the hunter reached out and laid a to Castiel’s cheek before stepping so close the angel could feel the heat radiating off the hunter’s body.
"Yes to what?" Castiel asked, slamming the book shut with a loud snap and fixing a chilling stare on Dean.
he deserves and may I’ll forget all about Sammy and your pet angel.”
Dean was a fool. He'd spared him from one horrific conversation only to have to plunge him into another equally abhorrent one.
Onward they moved as a unit until they approached the main room. So far, the three had not encountered any resistance. They looked around. Everything appeared to be normal except for the alarms and the lighting.
Dean began to shake again. It wasn’t the searing sensation of his body clenching around itself. He was shivering. Why was it so cold? He wrapped his arms around his chest. If it was this cold, shouldn’t he be able to see his breath?
“So...you think that this might be -”
“And then?” Castiel tilts his head to the side, staring at Dean.
Dean fell asleep, his head pounding, his heart and balls aching, and craving a drink.
Yet, he couldn’t have any of those things. He took a step back and yanked the door open. The smell of cold cuts and cheese hit him. Dean’s stomach twisted and lurched. He quickly slammed the door shut and turned back toward the sink.
A few notes so bear with me.
Okay...for this chapter and the next you should all have kleenex on stand by. I'm diligently working on the story, but it's taking me longer to write these chapters than I expect. I'm blaming some of this on my muse inspired Rowena. There's just no saying "no" to her! LOL Anyway, I hope to get more done this weekend.
Suddenly a loud growl erupted from the woman’s right. She screamed, the gun fired, and Sam dove to his left. He watched in horror as the woman went flying to the floor, blood spraying from her arm as the flesh shredded before Sam’s eyes.
The angel frowned. Chuck may have created this world for Dean, but Castiel had usurped the order. It was now his.
As much as he tried to hide it, Sam’s ankle was still badly sprained, and he couldn’t help walking with a slight limp. However, he wasn’t going to let it stop or slow him down. They needed an archangel to find Dean and Castiel. So if he had to limp through Hell to get one, he would.
The Winchesters were too well acquainted with the viscous fluid not to recognize it by touch. He must be bleeding from the hit on his head.
Dean staggered for a moment before his legs collapsed under him. With a startled cry, he sank to the ground, his gaze still remained fixed on Castiel.
If Loki was down here with Sam, where was the archangel?
“Before the attack on Amara? The first one?” Sam was only guessing. In truth, he really couldn’t remember. He glanced at the sheet in his hand again. He couldn't help but think there’s something more to it. There’s a clue there.
Dean wasn’t sure if that was a prayer or not, but he didn’t care.  He just wanted to stop talking, to stop remembering.
“What?” Gabriel demanded.
Why couldn’t Chuck and Amara let him die? Why couldn’t they have left Castiel in peace and let Billie cart Dean off to oblivion? How was this forced Burt and Ernie routine remotely what Dean needed?
"Porn stars."
That’s what angels were, servants of Heaven. They carried out the will of God.
The hunter looked at Gabriel. Ever since they’d left Sam’s room and driven here, the angel had been almost a little manic explaining in detail his revenge plan. He even showed Sam his “kill list” and explained the reasoning behind its order. Sam was beginning to wonder if revenge was a good idea.
Yet, somehow, Dean and Cas had come through it. Underneath every mistake, they each had made they’d forgiven each other. But this time?
Rowena snapped back round in her seat. Sniffing loudly in obvious disapproval she looked out the windshield.
Everything about Dean's had because, in that one whisper of a kiss, he knew he was lost. He was in love with Castiel and always had been.
Et tu dormies = You go to sleep
“Dean!” Castiel barked at the hunter who was prone on the floor of the basement. If he heard the angel, he showed no sign. Narrowing his eyes, Cas tried again. “DEAN!”
Maybe the darker path was the better avenue. He was already broken, had lost Dean’s affection and trust leaving the angel cold. He was unforgiven, cast out.
“There might be nothing wrong with your recall, but yer still as slow as ever,” Crowley said. “Let’s try again. I’ll go slow and use small words. We are here about the ‘Dear Chuck Are You There It’s Me Sam Winchester’ letters we each received.”
The demon reached out and spread Castiel’s ass cheeks apart. It moved closer to the angel, pressing its body close and the head of its cock pressing at Cas’s entrance. It leaned over and said, “You might want to take a deep breath. This is gonna sting like a bitch.”
“In temporary exile,” Crowley retorted with a smile, “but do please keep insulting me. I can see how that tactic would engender my total and complete loyalty.”
So yeah, everything inside of him wanted to turn and just stare at Cas. He wanted to just drink in the sight of him, like a thirty-year-old case of whiskey, but Dean was also afraid.
When you cried, I'd wipe away all of your tears
Sam paused and looked back behind him.
Castiel had stood there, leaning back against Baby, while Dean had serenaded him like a lover. Castiel didn't just want to hurt the Winchester brother. The angel wanted to smite him.
“Come out of there and I will restore you,” Castiel said crossing his arms over his chest. That would put an end to Dean’s unwelcome entreaties.
The hunter shook his head. How much did Cas really want to know, and what would happen to their fragile peace if he knew the truth?
It would be so easy for Castiel to raise his hand and blast Dean from existence as if by doing so, the angel could cleanse away the filth the hunter had left behind. Who would stop Castiel? His father?
He'd had little of that the night before after his revelation. Castiel had forced Dean to acknowledge that at least part of what the demon had said was true. The hunter did have feelings for the angel. While it had not exactly been a declaration of love, it was a start.
"How talkative were you when Castiel yanked you from the Cage?" Crowley asked. "Oh..right soulless-"
More tension uncoiled with Castiel, and his vision grew blurry. “I missed you too.”
Guilt and concern dropped the angel into a low crouch next to Dean until they were face to face. Pain was etched into the hunter's face. Tears stung the corner of Castiel’s eyes as he slowly reached out to place two fingers on the Winchester’s forehead.
Dean swallowed as his eyes flitted over the angel as if assessing him, evaluating the danger. “Cas, this isn’t going to work-”
bad...but the fact that you made it for me? That's what makes it the best.
For a moment, the angel thought the hunter had heard him. Dean’s eyes had seemed to focus on him. Then his soul’s entreaty had pounded into Castiel so fast and desperate they had nearly sent the angel stumbling.
“Yeah, pretty much,” Dean said closing his eye.
It was too dark down here. He couldn’t see anything. Sam fished around in his inner coat pocket until he found his phone.
That’s how Sam knew why Cas did it. Lucifer would never have left him alone. Even if he’d made it out of the Cage again, the devil would have tormented him with visions until Sam went insane again and broke.
Sam narrowed his eyes in confusion, his hands hovering at his waist.
“Tell me what happened, Dean.” It wasn’t a soft entreaty but a command.
Howling, Dean snatched the tool up from the ground. He turned it around and readied to pound it into his brain as hard as he could.
The demon had savaged the bond, shredded, it until it had broken.
LIGHTENING FLASHED OVERHEAD and Dean flinched. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky.
“I know what you are offering,” Dean said his voice shaking. “Don’t. I’m not w-”
"You started this." Castiel crossed his arms.
CASTIEL SLOWLY SANK to the floor while he watched and listened to Dean spiral deeper into the throes of his withdrawal which were not only shutting down his body but were also fracturing his mind. Fragments of desperate prayers blasted into the angel’s consciousness. They buffeted him like a butterfly in a hurricane.
"I know you, Dean," Castiel answered the unasked question. "I know you have fears. I have uncertainties as well, but I have faith. Not in my father, but in our bond."
Cas bent over the back of the Impala, palms pressed flat to the trunk and his pants down around his ankles. His ass was bare, cheeks spread, and Dean’s engorged cock was pressing up against the angel’s anus.
Tears streamed down his cheeks. The demon had used similar words to Cas feigning endearment. It had mocked and twisted the care and concern Dean had always felt for the angel and weaponized them to further hurt and degrade him.
“Recon…?” Dean widened his eyes and barked out a laugh before even finishing his question.
The angel's stare bore into Dean. "I need you to be real. Please be-"
Crowley walked over to the far wall, pausing to squint. "Well... it's his story. It starts with his death. Or what appeared to be his death."
“Shut up! Shut the fuck up!” Dean roared.
Castiel was sitting at the kitchen table as Dean entered the room.
“What, Cas?” Dean snaps. He’s trapped, and he knows it. He agreed to the angel’s terms, to talk. He can’t use the safe word, cry “pickles” with Cas’s first question because if he does, there’s no doubt the angel will revoke the privilege, and there will be no using it in the future.
However, the prayer that followed burned through Castiel like a supernova almost summoning forth his grace. It was raw, full of desperation and it was so familiar in its base plea it pierced its way through the angel’s anger.
“Hmmm.” Rowena looked at him from the corner of her eye. “I was going to suggest something completely innocent and fun… like a game.”
The Winchester was going mad. He was trapped, locked in a reality where he was both wantonly seducing his best friend into enjoying his rape, while at the same being overwhelmed with revulsion and self-loathing.
Loki shook his head. “When I gave Gabriel my face, taught him to be the trickster, I had only one condition. He had to agree to abandon the more volatile affairs of his family, forever.”
“Samuel!” Rowena happily cried. “Sleep well?”
Cas nodded and watched Dean.
Dean excelled at repressing. It was practically an Olympic sport for him. Yet, he might not even qualify for a medal-round this time. He was pushing back against the memories of what he’d done to Cas. He didn’t want them. They were like oil that oozed between the cracks of every brick in the mental walls and doors he built to block them out.
“No! No, it’s not,” Dean barked back. “This about me trying to do one decent thing by you. You want retribution, Cas, and you deserve it,  but not at the cost of what’s left of you. If you go dark side, go Vader on me, that’s one more thing I did to you and I just...can’t. But I still owe you… not just your justice but peace like you had in the Void. So I’m going to stay down here and ride this bad trip out to the bitter end. You can stay down here, watch my body come apart while I puke my guts out and talk to the walls or go chase bees. Doesn’t matter. In the end, when I’m dead, I figure maybe there’s no reason for Bobbyland to exist anymore and ‘poof’ you go free, but if not, then at least you are alone, without me as a fucking walking and talking reminder of all the hell I put you through.”
That had let only one option; talking. Dean, the GED screw-up who repressed and denied his emotions so much that his closets had closets talked to the sister of the Creator of all about the only thing he knew more about than cars; family.
No matter how long he stared at the pages in the book in front of him, Dean just couldn’t get the words to make sense. It wasn’t because they were written in some esoteric language, they weren’t. The text in front of him had been written in English. He just couldn’t get his mind to process their meaning. He couldn’t focus.
“At last, mother, we agree on something,” Crowley said followed by the sound of a glass being filled.
“Look around!” Sam twisted his body to the left and back to the right. “There’s nothing here.”
Ok y'all this one isn't long but it is good. You're gonna get some humor and a nice dose of angst. If you enjoy, you know what to do, leave me kudos or comments (yeah I'm shameful about asking for them).
already?” Dean snapped without turning around.
“This is rape? Look at him, Deano, his ass in the air and his saying, ‘Please.’”
we are. I don’t know how we got here or why. Just, let me find a drink, and then I’ll help you figure this out.” Dean yanked the drawer open.
Sam gave him a sharp look. "Asmodeus."
He folded his wings back and began to walk. Instead of pushing away the memories from the bunker, he let them flow over him. He replayed the demon’s words and the false choices it had given Castiel. Moment by moment he cataloged his pains, physical and emotional.
She stepped closer to Sam, leaning into his personal space and craning her neck up to meet his eyes. Her magic and power always made her seem taller, but she really was a deceptively tiny and petite woman. “Why do you believe these notes are from...Chuck?”
There was something familiar about the voice. Dean first concentrated on settling his stomach, quelling his nausea. Then he looked around trying to identify who was with him. His blood turned cold when he recognized himself, his demon self.
"Because we are talking 'pocket dimensions!' The amount of energy required to make such a thing is…." Rowena shook her head. "It's an act of creation itself."
“I didn’t ask if you were hungry or if you required food.” Castiel’s perfect memory made it easy to recite each syllable back to Dean. As each one rolled over his tongue the angel felt that euphoric sensation grow. It was the absence of fear. Even the incalescence of enmity seemed to cool within him. It verged on intoxicating.
"I am, Cas. It's me," he quickly reassured. Then, Dean's heart clenched as the angel closed his eyes just for a second. For a fraction of a moment, Castiel could trust that the hunter's eyes would remain green.
"I don't know!" Dean answered in anguish, turning to face the angel. "Do you think I like that...seeing you that way? Waking up-" The hunter snapped his mouth closed before he damned himself further.
“Don’t you fucking touch him!” Dean’s words had been fierce and angry, but they came out mumbled and hoarse. The hunter’s body was failing him.
“No,” Dean answered tugging at the hem of his jacket trying to gain some sense of order. “She sensed it was a trap the moment I showed.”
“What if it’s special grace?” Rowena asked as they watched the demon put the injector in a box along with a few more glowing vials.
He paused a moment.  Then his mouth curled into a grin, the one he wore when he was inordinately pleased with himself, like when he snagged the last slice of pizza. He snapped his fingers. “And if I do it too much..you know abuse the right...then I lose it.”
“Castiel, I know you want to hurt me and I deserve it. I know you want to do those same things to me, I did to you...and more. You think it will give you some sort of power..make it better. But it won’t.” Dean pleaded with everything inside of him. “You’re not broken, but if you do this you will be.”
"It's okay. You have it retroactively...proactively if you need it." Dean scrutinized the angel. "You good? Is there anything-"
