John knew he had to have done something or, worse, he planned to do something. "What are you planning?"
"I'll believe you if you believe me. Do we have a deal?" I toss the now dirty flannel on the floor.
"My old Commander. When Mum drove you away I called him and he said he'd put me back to work. I took his offer, thinking I'd never see you again. I was wrong so now I'll have to call him and tell him I can't."
"I'm sorry for your loss. You would've made a wonderful father and husband." I believe next time I am called to Court I may ask Smallwood’s page if her feminine problem has cleared up yet.
"It suits you well. I'd love you even if you were bald." I have noticed the balding scalp but it was me, not him.
Mycroft
"Hellllllloooo? Anyone home?" I look around and see none of my well paid for guards in the living room of the house I bought just for this occasion. "Olly-olly-oxen-free." I follow voices to the kitchen.
We walk through the forest another 20 minutes or so, when we come to a small clearing, in which rests the small cabin with a garden to the side. I gently set John back down. "You think you can walk on it now?" I stretch overhead, then bend forward touching my toes, groaning as my cramped muscles finally release.
“I know John, usually you have left by this time and met up with Molly and Mike. Today, you are picking them up in Mike’s car. Might I suggest allowing Mike to drive after picking him up?”
“What about the other victims? It's been too warm to wear gloves for most of the month,” Molly asks.
“I can see why you chose this place. No one would know it was here.” John scratches his chin as he surveys Sherlock’s sketches pinned to the wall. “Who are they?”
“I backlogged a few new posts,” Sherlock explains. “She will see how valuable you are to me, read some interesting revelations regarding my past memories, and...considering what I’ll tell Lestrade, I expect her to abduct you.”
The old radio came back to life with the crackle of static. They’d tuned it into WLS in hopes of hearing more about the conditions outside.
"He'd say I'm an equal opportunity victim."
He closed his eyes, then opened the paper. He slowly opened them and reluctantly began to read. Sweat broke out on his forehead. It was at that same rest area, 818. A man killed and the body found behind the building in the brush—probably not far from where he and that stranger had had sex...
He sees himself stop and observe the ground. Looking for footprints or tire tracks? No. An object that’s been dragged. He sees the marks. Or does a part of him recall this? A body. No, something larger. Bulkier on some sort of pallet.
“He’s just a man,” John says. “And he’s a good man.”
I close my eyes. This is so hard for me to tell him. How do I tell him that Mary planned to fake her death?
He could tear it all down and dispose of the memories. There was the place he kept the days he had hobbled around with a sore arse after that epic night. He could toss out not being able to sit down without cringing for days. He could get by without those particular recollections.
Anthea reaches over and taps an icon at the bottom of his mobile’s screen. A map pops up, and John watches as a blinking red dot with red dashes of marching ants leave a trail behind. Sherlock’s red dot has stopped and blinks in place. Anthea demonstrates to John how to enlarge the map by spreading and dragging her fingers on his screen. He hears a few of Sophy’s last instructions. He can almost hear Sherlock rolling his eyes in response. A few moments later, Sherlock's dot is moving again, slower. He’s on foot.
“I cannot say that it is impossible, but it is not probable. And remember, dear brother, she has been catatonic.”
"Sturdy enough. It should hold us."
“It’s not like I
the room.”
“I loved that book as a kid,” John observes, then wants to kick himself. Not a good thing to say to a man who has no childhood memories. Then again, maybe he’s reading it because he has some memory of it. Will seems to ignore him. "Good night, then."
I carefully kneel and inspect the body. The mother comes to the doorway and covers her mouth in a sob. Lestrade tries to remove her, but she refuses to leave.
Aww, I know that face John is making. Unexpect the expected. John’s assessing. He’s determined that the man in tights is not a threat.
Sherlock flicks a look at John. “Excellent! I surmised as much from our last tight scrape. Your keen eye and steady hand transcend more than the medical. You are an amazing set of contradicts, Dr. Watson.”
it happen. What do you want me to do with this?” he remains unemotional. He doesn’t understand his reaction. Shouldn’t he be upset?
“Come back here and pull a chair. It won’t take me long. The breakroom is just down the hall. How do you like it?” she asked.
“My God, Captain Holmes. How can you expect me to come if you keep making me laugh?”
My ankles are tied and my arms are in front of me, tied at the wrist. I test the rope. Nylon. I can’t move around enough to even try to pop the boot open, but I can shift around enough so I work to loosen the rope. I squirm and twist. Though much contortion I squeeze myself so that I can feel my mobile pressed into my hip under me with my hands relatively able to reach into my coat. My thumbs do the work as I send off a message to John just in case I can’t free myself. My captors are idiots, but Norbury is also a zealot. I’ve learned that stupid zealots are often unpredicably violent.
“I was pretty surprised you talked her out of alerting the police that we’d found our friend here,” Mike says.
She kissed him on the cheek. “Call me if you need anything.”
Mycroft rolls his eyes. “Unless you have more questions for me, you may be on your way.”
“Just now and today in the car, I noticed you were staring off in space. It’s like you’re not here.”
“John. Please call me, John.”
“I’ve done it numerous times.”
Although he feels warm inside that John checked on him, he has too much to think about to get to sleep. He walks through the rooms in his head to a place with no unsettling surprises in the vaults. The door opens onto a beach where the sun comes out from behind the clouds and a cooling onshore breeze fans his face. There's a marvelous dog, Redbeard, that a little boy play with in the sand. Will thinks this must be a memory like everything else in the rooms, but seems too odd to be a proper memory. He must be a boy, but all the details Will associates with him make him seem like an adult. It's like the boy was born wearing a three-piece suit. It's a lovely beach and always lovely weather, and the boy is an interesting puzzle. Will asks him questions and is amused at the prim responses.
Next he looks for any personal files. Again, only those of the past owner. Family photos, bills, receipts, emails. An elderly couple, but he already knew that the moment he walked inside this place. He looks to see if there are ties to Sophy Kratides. He finds none. She chose the house at random, no ties to the owner, or the game.
"And you are?" Sherlock had asked, captivated.
"I'd love to take it, but as I'm sure you can see, my hands are tied."
At first I think I’ve said too much. John blinks. Then a light appears in his eyes.
“You are too much trouble. Time to for you to leave.”
He'd done it, scratched his dirty desire on the dingy bathroom wall. John wiped the blue ink that bled onto his fingers from his ball point pen into his faded grey t-shirt. As he hiccuped nervously, each new nervous hiccup bounced off the bathroom stall. The message was as much etched on the wall as written.
“Glad to see you awake, John,” she said.
Williams closes his eyes before he answers. “There are bits and flashes at times when I’m awake. In dreams, there are people I don’t know who I call by name. How does this pertain to my supposed addiction?”
"We're here about the murder," Sherlock said. He gave my hand a squeeze, then let go. "I already told you that."
Helena knew what would happen. She set him up. She intentionally isolated him. It worked.
“So, you’re the killer,” John says. “Brilliant.” John touches his hand when he says it.
“He’s doctor on loan from Lansdowne,” she says. “Are you certain you should be about? Doctors make the worst patients!”
“That’s the last one in this room I believe, but I haven’t checked your room that closely.”
“Oh, those.
As she speaks, John become conscious of other details in the room. The large windows with heavy shades are pulled tight as if to stop light and time from disturbing the room. It’s still cluttered with lab equipment in boxes, some clothing from when Sherlock last came inside. John expected tablets with sketches of people and places. There are none. But he remembers something Sherlock left at his flat in his sketchpad, charcoal drawings of a young girl.
"A-announcement?" John stuttered.
Funny thing is that he should be a lot more upset about all this than he is now. What he feels is almost relief, and he's not sure from what. Civilization? All the tension he's felt over the last months has gone. Watching the water lap the shore and sea turtles swim, he's already finding himself beginning to let go some of his anger. The only downsides he's found so far are the mosquitoes and the humid heat.
“Um. You’re welcome?”
"You read it?"
Others such as Lord Henry Blackwood have done the same to hide their properties. Kratides was right that there is another big player. All trails lead to Moriarty’s old criminal organization, but Moriarty is dead. Someone must have taken over. From Sherlock’s research, his successor would most likely be Sebastian Moran, but records reveal he died during the epidemic.
Nope, it wouldn't be the same ever again. He'd miss them.
“Yes, he has. He left a clue although my mum would not recognize it as such.”
John fell back onto his bed. Wasn't this just the way his luck always went? Everything seems to be falling into place, then someone tries to come in and smash it all to hell. Like his dad drunk on whiskey falling into the kitchen table and knocking the model of his '68 Chevy Camaro onto the tile floor and busting it to smithereens.
“No one stopped me, you know. Until you.”
What was his roommate's problem? Sherlock's reaction had to rate as one of the fucking strangest things John had ever witnessed. What was Sherlock's relationship to Associate Professor Moriarty? Maybe they were lovers and it hadn't ended well. John doubted being a fuck-buddy would cause such a reaction but either way, John found he didn't like that idea much at all.
He doesn’t feel too fortunate, but considering where Will is coming from, he supposes he is. John thinks that the worst thing for someone who can read and understand people must be to not know your own self. He admits that he’s had plenty of times in his life where he didn’t know what he wanted, but nothing in his life could compare to what Will was going through.
After as John looks up at the man he loves more than life, he can’t help thinking this is the best Christmas gift he’s ever had.
"You still haven't answered me." I rocked back and forth on my feet, moving to keep warm.
returned. He'd immediately made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, grabbed a warm Coke, and sprawled out on his bed with his biology text. He scanned and read, mult-tasking as he took notes and turned pages with one hand and fed himself with the other.
Greg looks relieved as he picks up a clean chipped cup from the drainer near the coffee. "That makes me feel a bit better about arresting the late Arthur Mostyn's wife last night, then. Still waiting on tests, of course, but the chemistry set, the walk-in freezer— pretty much exactly what Hawkins said we'd find."
He turns off the computer, looks around the room once more, then continues his search back through the downstairs hallway.
John had hoped the jaunt across campus to work study would help clear his mind, but he still couldn’t get it out of his head.
“What you do not know is this: the person behind those men is actually your boss, Carolyn Norbury.  She used you, because she could manipulate you, because she knew you would do exactly what you did. She set you up to move the money from one account to another. Launder it. And return it to her.”
“Don’t pretend that you want to be there. I know the truth.”
"I hate to tell you this, but Sherlock is the black sheep of the family. According to his brother, Mycroft Holmes, his family has had a time with him— with rehab and addiction. His cocaine addiction has troubled them deeply over the last few years. He also told me I was not the first person his little brother has been obsessed with. A young man named Victor Trevor. If you don't believe me, ask Mycroft next time he calls."
“Brilliant deduction,” Sherlock said, voice dripping with sarcasm.
“That’s
A part of him understood Sherlock’s need to reach out like he did. It’s easier to hide who and what you are than to admit the truth. Sherlock appeared to be comfortable with his sexuality, but he was hardly comfortable with himself. His passions, his intellect, his need for companionship, Sherlock revealed that part of himself to Moriarty. And that was exactly what hurt John most—he’d finally trusted enough to open up to Sherlock in the same way, only to find his trust was misguided.
"I'm not at liberty to say, Detective Lestrade, unless you've subpoenaed his medical records. So is Hawkins a suspect? Do I have a murderer in my hospital?"
give away. Therefore, Elvis died on August 16, 1977.”
“Not certain, but in the dream last night Mycroft said Elvis is dead.”
“More like infamous.”
"I thought you said Mycroft was making sure no one came here."
“I look forward to it.” John sits down on the bed.
He decided he needed a distraction. He crawled out of bed and pulled the guitar out from under and opened the case. But his lucky pick and his capo weren't inside.
“Could be?” John says.
John took a bite and groaned. "Jesus! This is better than good."
Sherlock quickly scanned the room for answers. On the desk was a note ripped from the personal notepad of Professor Doyle. A phone number and address was included for a Seb Moran. The name was familiar. John had written notes beneath: a meeting time and place on campus. That was not the problem.
Oh. Peter. That’s his name, I recall. Peter Calhoun. My mobile begins vibrating again.
"If it comes up, sure, but finding out if he knew the wife and where he was at time of the Earl's death is more the thing."
“Do not follow us,” John ordered. “Promise me.”
"Mummy taught you better. She would be so disappointed at how you greet your big brother."
Now he’s moving slowly, so slowly, with exquisite control, keeping him right at the edge.
A freak suited me. I didn't want to be like the average people, and I didn't care what others thought. Moriarty certainly didn’t. I recall his words well: "You are perfect," he crooned. "Look at you. I've only read about specimens like you."
“We can come back,” John says. “We can always come back.”
wrong.
He’s dizzy and gasping. Sherlock back arches up off the bed, pressing closer, wanting solid contact and at the same time counting. His hands grasp John’s hips, and he shifts against John until their cocks are together. It should be a delectable rub, but Sherlock can’t catch his breath to enjoy it fully. John lifts his chest up and looks at Sherlock. He sees it. John’s body stiffens on top of him.
The doctor is carefully cleaning where the infection has spread. The pain peaks and tips. I hear someone whimpering before I realize it's me—I'm the one sobbing pathetically.
<Set to Private>
It’s also the literal John who protects. When we come to the door of 221B and it’s ajar, John’s jaw clenches and eyes narrow. The juxtaposition of the father John, scooping mashed potatoes on the cottage pie for dinner, to the BAMF John, standing with fists ready, is startling. It never fails to intrigue and arouse me.
John was certain Sherlock's jaw twitched.
. Pandora flipped the whole world into chaos, my body had no problem pulling itself together. I got to be a surgeon again, and I lost everything else. So don’t go telling me that you’re a damned murderer because you stand and watch. Sometimes we have no choice but to watch. We can’t help people. Not always. And if they’re already dead, what do we do? So what if a crime scene gets you pumped up! You saw Molly. She’s not any different from you.”
The vegetation elsewhere is dense, and it's much easier to walk along the white beaches of the lagoon. He's surprised to find recent signs that people have been here other than to stock his boat. There's a garden with some melons growing along with a few vegetables. It's rather overgrown, so whoever planted it must have abandoned the place months ago.
"Please."
more like a memory than a dream, if that counts for anything. It was about me. I think the people in it were my family."
John takes Will’s advice and goes home to get some needed rest. The next morning after the weekly staff meeting, he’s called in personally to meet with the hospital director, who has plenty of questions regarding their new patient John can’t answer or won’t answer. Seems she’d already gone to his room and met him herself, then interrogated the entire staff who’s had contact with Will. Her own words were: “Not the kind of person who goes around making many friends, is he?” John agrees he treats most people like a lord treats peasants, which makes him all the more surprised at her suggestions regarding the patient.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and then gives a stony glare. “Don’t be too long.”
John rubs his wrists. "Chord progression."
Seems Sherlock had better luck. He'd already met some chick named Molly who was infatuated with him. She'd invited herself to their room and mooned over him, making eyes and dropping hints about the wonders of free love that she'd read all about in
The man with the deep, posh voice opens his mouth to answer, but snaps it shut, then brows draw together and his lips press tight. Finally, he looks at John and says, “I don’t know.”
“True, but even before, few omegas were ever afforded a choice. At least during the years I passed as an alpha, at least I had the choice not to select a mate.”
He frowns at me and shakes his head. It is not a choice for him as it is for me.
He turns his attention to the app, turns it on. It looks direct and rather easy to navigate. He supposes he should have opened it to learn how the app functioned a bit before this. He puts his earbuds in and hears Sophy’s voice.
"Because, he must have found out that I had applied to the University of Michigan!"
The fall. The plane. My words to John that I couldn’t say.
“What? You never want to call … what’s wrong?”
“Before we get started here,” John said, “I really should talk to either Sebastian Moran or James Moriarty.”
“I don’t care if people like me. It’s perfectly fine that they don’t like me. Not everyone has my good taste. We’ll make a deal, shall we? I’ll try to be nicer if you try to be smarter!”
“You would not want to lose Cardiff as your own little fiefdom,” Mycroft interjects. “I think that is all then, brother mine. I must say I liked you better with a heart.”
His mom sang. "When I was just a little girl, I asked my mother, 'What will I be?'," she began. Better than Doris Day. John hung on and sang along as they all twirled across the living room floor to "Que, Sera, Sera."
Sherlock answered again in that deep rumbling, know-it-all voice that John found hard to resist. "Of course, John! I am most resourceful."
“Take some things of his with you. What do you think will help him remember? I know it never worked before, but we must try.”
Sherlock sighs. "As in chords in a song?"
John slid down the drift through the deep snow. He struggled to stand and got his feet under him, when bang! Sherlock slid into him, knocking him back down into the snow face first. Christ this was next to impossible to stand in it. It was almost to his waist.
“This would mean that the only way to save the world was to unleash Pandora. How did you get this information?”
John wanted a sign, any sign.
John rubs his hands across his face. This is the worst possible scenario. John is sad. I know there is more to tell. I regret not being with him when Carolyn Norbury spoke to him.
He only need ask. But that was it, wasn't it? Sherlock didn't need to ask. John willingly wanted to walk beside him.
With the heat, he's not keen on cooking. There's a tank of fresh water nearby on the shore, but he's not sure if it's potable. He'll need to boil anything he consumes. Best to do that in the mornings. He does find some bottled water that is warm, but will do for now.
As the days wind along with still no Sherlock and still no more footprints in the sand, he decides he must be alone. He picks the lock on one of the bungalows for entertainment. He's happy to find sunglasses and some containers to carry water, but no sign of Sherlock.
“How refreshing.”
“The Batman outfit has nothing to do with me or your niece's birthday. True, you wore it there for the costume party, but you’ve had it for some time. The costume is not rented. It belongs to you, and you secretly put it on during, shall I say, intimate situations with your partner. That is why you were snatched from the party. It was a way for Norbury to degrade you and put in your place.”
.  And when we do—  I mean the ‘we’ part—  I’m coming along to keep an eye on you.” He can’t seem to help it. He does want to keep an eye on Sherlock for more than medical reasons. Sherlock has to know that. “We both should take a kip.”
John picks up his fork. "Aren't you going to eat?" he asks.
“Is that your keeper?” she asks.
“Long story, but it looks as if Sherlock’s finally got his brother back with his memory. In fact, I’d appreciate it if you could just get Dr. Michaels ,the A&E doc on call, to release me. I don’t know him enough and pleading isn’t doing any good.”
.’ You should at least speak to Bellin. Smooth over things. After all, we don’t know who this man really is: He’s smart enough to pose as a doctor and solve a crime.”
“N-no,” Sherlock stutters. “N-not your fault. Mine. I don’t deserve...” Sherlock hand flops into John’s chest. “This.”
“But not careful enough.” Molly smiles at Will despite their disagreement.
"She can? Well made? My arm is the work of an artist! A work of unequaled craftsmanship! It isn't any
.” He throws the folder on the desk, frustrated.
Gratitude and thanks to Hotshoe_again for the most excellent beta on this chapter.
"You're living in Michigan: you will be. Something tells me you're going to be a wonderful partner." He patted Sherlock on the back.
From the moment I met him, I couldn’t stop looking. His psychosomatic limp, his pursed lips, the sparkle in his blue eyes. I wanted him before I knew I wanted him.
“Will. I know you want to be released. Lord knows the nurses want that too. We’d like to make sure that’s your injury has stabilized. Frankly the seizures are troubling, but the last MRI this morning indicates the swelling is almost gone. If you take the medication prescribed regularly, we should have it under control. We’d like to keep on eye you and run a few more tests,” John says. “You need a few more days of observation.”
“That’s not the way it is.” Sherlock shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What other note?" I took a breath of relief. So Sherlock did have a plan.
John kept his head low the remainder of the lecture. A few students caught his eye to give him emphatic smiles and nods. With the professor's last word, he thrust his borrowed pen back at Molly and scrambled to get out of the lecture hall and away from all of those eyes.
Sherlock almost shakes his head— but he can’t resist John. When John slips one knee between Sherlock’s thighs and pulls Sherlock around the waist, he’s gone. With a feather touch, John presses lips together. Opens, then his tongue teases a moan from Sherlock.
“How many times did you visit with my sister?”
Sherlock left Marilyn a note. He left it knowing that she would most likely shut us in here. Why did he let her do that?
Sherlock thinks it’s fitting they’ve melded together in shared heat like two precious metals. “I finally understand,” Sherlock gasps in bursts. “Why humans. Are obsessed. With sex.”
"Shhh. D-don't tell anybody," I whisper hoarsely. "But I was once a consulting alchemist and an alpha."
“I think your usefulness as crew members has come to an end,” she says, eye twitching.
“Also, for some fucked up reason, I believe you and so does Molly here,” John says. “So, are you going to trust us, or not?”
"How long have you been off?"
What did Moriarty do? He
“I remember coming to Cardiff and before. I remember my mission: to locate the ‘terrorists’ who held the bio-weapon and if at all possible find that weapon. I was to notify Mycroft of the location, and if at all possible, to neutralize the threat by any means possible.”
Sherlock turned to John, eyes vacant. “Only need James.”
“We saw but we did not observe,” I say.
Lestrade takes a sip of his coffee. "This is bloody awful!” he says, closing his eyes for another sip. “To your question of whether you have a murderer in your hospital, Doctor Watson, I don't have anything definitive to rule him out. He might have predicted what we'd find because he had a part in the deed in the first place. I'm not done with him yet, and I suggest you keep a fairly close eye on him. A few years ago I'd have an officer guarding him, but we're a bit short-staffed."
They stopped in front of the Chem building. Molly was shifting her weight, waiting for him to continue.
"Name's John Watson." He gave a final shake and let go.
Thanks again to the wonderful Recently folded for working so hard and pushing me to revise direct and indirect characterizations to make this story stronger.
I realize then it must be Batman’s alias.
"You know what? Fuck you!" John said. "You tell me this shit then don't explain a thing? Then you jump up into your bed and do this...whatever it is...meditate? Who do you think you are, the Maharishi Yogi or something? Screw you. I need this job."
“Drink! Water!” Rosie wails down, shaking the baby gate.
"Minor concern. Of course it's a minor concern, you have a coat."
“Ha, ha, ha,” Moran spat back.
“You…” she gasps, eyes popping back open, “could have saved her.”
"You're wearing your oatmeal jumper," he murmured. "Sharing."
"Later," John yawns. He is suddenly so tired. "Always later."
It take a second longer than normal to realize she’s referring to John. The headache is slowing him down. It’s a bit not good, as John would say. He reaches in his pocket for his meds, but they’re not there. His cell buzzes again. It’s Helena wondering where he is.
“The message is from my sister,” I say, “but she didn’t send Batman.”
“It’s connected! The name of the company on the business card! Bock!”
"Promise me," John said, "promise me you won't go off by yourself to confront these two. Tell me, let me help, or at least call your spooky brother or this Lestrade from Scotland Yard."
How could he have the most significant sex in his life again and remain detached? Could he detach himself from a paradox? John Watson appeared to be a simple American from a working class family who counted himself fortunate to get scholarships for his hard work, study, and athletic abilities. Yet when he spoke, Sherlock found all of those preconceptions dust under his feet.
“I have pads filled with them,” he says motioning next to his bed made from assorted sofa cushions.
After breaking into the backdoor of National Assembly’s servers, Sherlock determines that other major property holdings seem to be in only a few different hands— one being Andropa and its shell game of smaller businesses under other names. It doesn’t take long to find similar patterns.
“You constantly pester him about his weight. It’s a long running joke for you.” She slips closer to him, and Sherlock edges closer to the door.
What irony! Sherlock went to have an anonymous fuck to keep from having complications. Now, the biggest complication of his entire life was playing "Heart of Gold" sitting on the bottom bunk.
The smell of death was still in the cabin. But it was when Sherlock spied the Jack Daniel bottles under the trundle bed that he knew the cause. It took time and despair to drink one’s self to death. There were more than a dozen of the bottles in evidence. Among them against the wall was a solitary unopened bottle of Jack. Sherlock climbed across the bed. It was easy enough to reach it between the mattress and the wall.
Sherlock must to be the one to explain the plan to John. If, Mycroft reveals that John is to be used as bait, John will take it as a betrayal on Sherlock’s part. Mycroft may actually
It sure was a hike to get to the other side of the manor. As we went, she dutifully had us stop at each lavish portrait that lined the walls, told us who painted them and where each fell in the Frankenstein line as if she were a tourist guide and we the tourists.
“John, there’s some place we need to go.”
"I removed it, in case you're wondering.”
He checks the time. John shouldn’t be home for another hour, so he has time to go upstairs, get his meds.
His head jerks up at a sudden rattling. It’s his mobile vibrating against the wood of the bedside table. There’s this sudden realization— that there’s not another match out there for John Watson. Only Sherlock. There’s no one else John wants to impress but Sherlock Holmes. Only this man matters.
These memories jump into his head so suddenly they feel muzzy and surreal. How can they not exist one moment and be there the next? But he’s certain it’s real! He remembers his home. The flames glowing in the night sky. The scotching fire and taste of smoke linger. He swears he can even smell it this very second, clinging to him. The horror swells inside him of his home turned to charred black skeleton and ashes.
I take a breath through my nose.
“Not long ago, I couldn't wait to leave this place. Now I never want to." John gives Sherlock's knee a squeeze. "But I will. If you must, I will too."
As we walked, I noticed some blank spaces on the wall where more paintings had obviously once hung. She didn't say a word about them and blinked rapidly each time her eyes skipped across the barren spots or empty hooks on the walls. I didn't ask, thinking it possible that, like many titled families, they'd had to sell a few pieces along the way to make ends meet.
John frantically searches rooms and hallways, trying not to look like he's in a panic. He focuses on tall people, guessing that William might have appropriated a set of scrubs again. Now that he's looking for someone, the hospital seems more crowded than ever; the familiar nurses and staff are far outnumbered by strange faces.
But what if Sherlock arranged it and put them together as roommates? Some grand experiment. He claimed that it wasn’t, but it’s Sherlock. How could Sherlock resist trying to turn his roommate’s proclivities to men? That would mean that every tiny brush of Sherlock’s hand and every touch of his knee was part of some game Sherlock was playing. Thinking back, every subtle and not-so subtle come-on, told John it was possible. Sherlock’s obvious innuendos came to mind, from slow motion licking of his fingers to his suggestive, rumbling words: “What would you do? Spank me?”
“You retrieved most of them without opening it.” John sighs, then sits up straight. John loves him. Accepts him.
<New Entry>
(See the end of the chapter for
"We all have our vices, even Mycroft."
Being present on Portobello Road at Mary's final dress fitting by the legendary Jane Bourvis isn't high on John's list of what constitutes a good time. Even if the lace is "hand-made antique." He'd frankly prefer a few pints at the corner pub. He should be happy that Sherlock is saving him from all this, but instead he's anxious to find out what is motivating Sherlock to do it in the first place.
"Of course. I assure you, what you've heard is very one-sided," he said. He splayed his fingers out on the desk and leaned forward. "He told you I was obsessed with him. I assure you, it is the other way around. Young Sherlock Holmes is a most troubled young man."
“Make Mycroft wear his then,” Sherlock pouts.
“Me pretending to listen to you should be enough. Any imbecile would knows what X represents on a form,” he says, “and I, obviously, am not one. You on the other hand…
I asked Dr. Bellin if she could station a guard by the entrance, she went all corporate on me and told me, "John, campus security is a shared resource with six other institutions in the city. We use them to guard our vital functions, and for us that's our people, our patients, and our key supplies. The staff's coats don't make the cut. We've reported the thefts, the boys are already on alert for intruders. How else do you suggest we solve this?"
Sherlock wondered if Shame were a living thing, a creature that hid in closets or beneath beds or behind dressers, a personification of guilt and lust. Shame swung the door shut behind him as a young man stepped to the other end of the row of sinks. Head down, the man washed his inky hand, dried it off on his jeans. Head still lowered, he raced out the bathroom door.
Shame answered. He smiled at that. Yes, there was a bit of Shame that egged him on. It's fun to be naughty.
John swore his roommate's voice dropped an octave.
“...looked for me...John he looked. Anthea told you he looked.”
Although all that remained of his roaring fire was embers, the cabin was still warm. He chucked in a few seasoned pieces of firewood, then stoked the embers with the poker until it sparked.
From one cliffhanger to another! Aren't we bad! Don't worry, more revealed in the next chapter.
"Sorry," John says. "I'd like to be in your arse. Or you in mine. I could be your cowboy, and you could be my cowgirl. I could lasso you. And maybe I could get into the bedside table drawer and use that big purple dildo."
“Thank you, John.” It’s me who lowers my eyes now. “I am not the same person I was. I …”
John loved and hated being home. It was nice having his mom dote on him the first two days. After that, John wanted it to end.
“You are a marvel.”
“It goes well with the red lining,” Sherlock says.
As if his insulting Anderson weren't enough to gain Sherlock's admiration, Moriarty's intimate knowledge of the killer's mind was irresistible. He was obviously a superior consulting forensic psychologist.
“You must have had doubts about me,” Sherlock says.
He took three long steps to the shelves and lifted the bag with grizzly hand in it between his gloved fingers.
"I believe he could with the proper supplements." The wicker chair groans as Sherlock sits forward. He's fidgeting and he grips the arms of the chair far too tightly. "Your colour is much better this morning. I was concerned last night. After you eat, I need to change your bandages and apply more antibiotic to the wound. I believe the stingray mistook you for a shark."
"You're serious?" He looked up into the dark. He grabbed my hand.
Molly heads back to the morgue — the dead can wait, but apparently not all day — but John tugs Sherlock's sleeve to stop him from following.
"I wasn't watching where I was going," he said, brushing off the sleeve of his shirt. "I'm going to be late to my lecture."
While Sherlock did his best to remain upright, James seemed to float over the ice. Of course he did; the man was made of it.
John told me he followed the man into the house since the suspect had carelessly left the door unlocked. John stepped in and stopped the suspect from completing murder number two.
"With no internet presence? And I understand the lab equipment in the morgue — unlikely knowledge for a designer."
"I wasn't certain how you would take it—or if you'd believe me." Sherlock believed he had told John just enough to keep him from certain harm.
Sherlock’s head immediately shot up when he recognized the familiar footsteps in the hallway. The steps were hesitant and stopped just outside the door what. There he stood in the door, mouth open and nothing coming out.
Sherlock stuck his head out the other side and motioned to me. "Come, John. It'll be much warmer in here with me."
“No. I did not state the killer wore the gloves.You see but you do not understand.
did it. It was
It was boredom and instinct. I can't blame it all on the hindbrain. Boredom drives me. It is the curse that compels me to do what I never intend.
Sherlock put the phone back together, then sat on the only safe spot on the couch where springs wouldn’t reach out and bite.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “I’ll need to decide what pertains and what does not. I need access to your assets, records. Tangible. Intangible. I would also like to speak to this Lord Henry Blackwood.”
He had been attracted to Jim. In the beginning. Sherlock had admired how James had simply inserted himself into the crime scene the night they met in Stropshire.
“It will be necessary since I had to take the rest of your arm, I’m afraid. She said your arm was a really well-made prosthetic and that she can augment it to fit your shoulder. Tricky, but if anyone can do it, she can.”
Lestrade is talking to a woman, the mother, in the foyer. She’s been sobbing. Her jeans are worn through at the knees, and her auburn hair is tied up in a blue scarf. She has fresh paint under her nails and smells of mineral spirits. Oil not acrylic then. An artist.
Chapter explicit
But he could remove his memories of how he'd worried. Oh, how he worried. About possible infection. About all his second thoughts. About Mycroft's voice in his head asking Sherlock how did he know it was really the man's first time?
“What do you mean?” John stops mid-wipe with his towel on the glass.
“I returned too late. My father had already passed, and the funeral was over. I came home to an empty house. What security that remained after Mycroft’s exit left our estate and the laboratories. Even the most loyal employees didn’t see the need to stay. There was nothing to stay for,” I told him.
Molly didn’t realize that Sherlock did enjoy eating—he'd just forget to do it when he was off on one of his jaunts. At least that’s what John assumed until now, which brought him back to Moriarty's comments about Sherlock and cocaine.
"It's cold in here," I repeated.
I took his tattered jacket and hung it up while he toed off his old trainers, then followed me to the kitchen.
One push and John's body yields. He hears Sherlock gasp. John groans, his fingernails dig into the sheets.
“Ah, Sherlock. Ever awake. Ever pacing. Ever bored,” she says, swinging the door open.
“I believe Lestrade believes we’ve gone a bit further than snogging.”
“A job and a place to live. This also is about restitution. A way for the hospital to get me to pay for the things I took.”
He's not certain how long he was unconscious, but there's no sign of Adler. The woman with the daisy tattoo sits not six feet away, reading.
Sherlock seemed put out at the very notion of giving John the scoop about anything having to do with the campus, let alone any low-down on his personal history.
Welcome to another chapter. Wow, do we make an awesome team!
. With a name like that, you'd think you'd want some sort of nickname. But this guy with a stick up his ass? John figured that it fit him.
“Oh, fuck, fuck,” the man beneath him gritted out. His voice was uncanny. Deep and exotic. There was something else there too. An accent?
“You think if she sees you making Greg’s life miserable and putting Cardiff Central Station into massive turmoil, she will see that as a sign.”
“Are you so sure? The way you speak of him, I think there is more.”
"Oh, but I can," Adler says, and crosses her arms.
“It wasn’t just anyone.”
John is shaking his head. “Why would she … she knew what losing you did to me …” He ducks his chin.
It's a home. The doctor's home. The wallpaper is a rich damask floral pattern in dusty rose and deep blues with a beige background. The window is open, and the curtains billow from the soft spring breeze that filters into the bedroom. The mattress is firm, the sheet crisp. I have two plump pillows under my head--the blanket is scratchy but warm. I am away from the horror that was the Tender Box and in the comfort of the doctor's home. It's a far better place to let my mind settle on than the rat hole I left behind.
Like a hot knife, pain pierces through Sherlock’s skull. He blinks. He
The longer he sits up, the more wildly his head spins. He's thankful he has nothing left to vomit. He opens the envelope with shaking hands and unfolds the letter.
“I don’t know my own name, why would you expect me to remember anyone else’s?”
"No. You're not doing that. You're not. Don't try to put up that wall. You are no sociopath."
There was no way that John had beat him back.
He keeps the bottle under his berth and only pulls it out when two of the crew bring him on deck to show him his destination. The roar of the engines has been replaced by the welcome clanging of repairs, the shouts of orders, and a few choice curses. Over the last week he's heard enough French to suspect that swearing in French is a real art. It doesn't really sound like you're being insulted.
“Why would he do it?” John asked.
Mary inched forward in her seat. Despite the exaggerated sniffling during the film, her eyes were suspiciously dry. No doubt a ploy to snuggle closer to John.
He couldn't stop thinking about the rest area.
John can’t believe the woman is still talking. Something must be driving her, but he’s seen some strange cases with bullet wounds over the years. He once treated a man shot six times who lucidly discussed for over an hour his plans for Christmas.
Sherlock realizes his hand is shaking as he slips his mobile back in his pocket.
“I can think of many things,” Sherlock says, reaching between John’s legs. “But I can think of one in particular I’d love to do with this…” Sherlock wraps his long slender fingers around John’s shaft and strokes it slowly as he sits up and onto his lean haunches. He wants to know what it’s like to feel John inside him, filling him.
“Not in this case,” I say. In fact, it is quite the opposite.
“Beca?”
"Yes, Machiavelli."
Although he’s been back at the flat a few days, Sherlock hasn’t returned to Barts despite Beca’s insistence that Sherlock’s help was needed. Instead, he’s puttered about on the new mobile Anthea provided, chatted Mrs. Hudson up, pampered the cat, and spent hours with Lestrade at Cardiff Central Station. He’s got Lestrade sorted out or at least appeased regarding Lord Blackwood. Sherlock provided his electronic alibi, handing over his mobile tracking records. If not for the proof from Anthea provided, Sherlock would have spent another evening in a jail cell.
“What seems to be the problem?” John asks.
Three dirt mounds over four feet high, each over six meters long by three meters wide, fill the open lot. On them dried wreaths with faded and frayed ribbons, handmade crosses, weathered cards and notes, tattered stuffed bears and babydolls, bouquets of flowers some placed fresh that very day. Most flowers were old and brittle petals: crushed leaves left to lace the mounds like sorrow. Tufts of grass and weeds grew among the offerings—  little bits of life between death.
Every day, Sherlock takes John on deck and hovers over him. John doesn't know what to do with any of it. He should. He should be raging from the rooftops (or palm fronds) about Mary's betrayal. He looks up into the beautiful blue sky and feels hate. He thinks what if...what if she would have pulled that trigger? Mary. He'd heard it himself. In her own voice. Cold. Calculated. A hired assassin. Contracted to kill his best friend. His...
"Not her father, her brother. She gets them confused. He looks like her father did when he was younger. Her brother came to check on their father when he didn't return home. By that time his father had been unconscious for some time. It seems interfering brothers do hold some useful purpose."
“Black.”
"Another one?" Anderson had asked, walking up to Moriarty and looking him up and down.
“I’d prefer if you keep calling me Will.” Sherlock shuffles his feet to get warm. “Or at least, Sherlock.”
The capstone of the whole debacle comes over a day later when Captain Obvious and her tattooed partner walk John off the plane into an oppressively tropical climate and load him aboard a small freighter that barely looks seaworthy. It's covered in rust and lists to one side. He would almost think this was a joke but for the unsettling groan of the bilge pump clearly struggling to keep the craft afloat.
“The revolver.”
so many times I thought I lived in Middle Earth. Maybe if I lost my memory I'd think I'm—"
"Reminds me of some of the old horror movies I loved. I half expect the ghost of Bela Lugosi to jump out at us," I said.
It's possible it was all three. It doesn't matter. What matters is that he's never seen an attentive Sherlock like this before.
Three hours later beneath his usual Belstaff, Sherlock’s lithe body stands in front of Capital Tower clad in a Spencer Hart suit with white Dolce shirt. He regrets he has no gloves. He feels a bit naked without them, but Sophy insisted his tattered leather ones should go. She promised to get him a new pair. He pushes through the revolving doors, still a bit irritated that the driver took so long, then insisted that Sophy and the driver wait even if it is a block away. He suspects there was more to the delay, but he’s still not unravelled why.
Before Sherlock could reach the cord to turn on the light to get a better look, a loud bang echoed and we were thrown into darkness.
“Wait! I have a new internet wifi access option...it says from this flat! How?” John sits back, he holds out the mobile as if Sherlock could see it from the kitchen. Then Sherlock spies John’s eyes light up in an explosive flash of realization. “Oh! Mycroft!”
My mobile rings. It’s Mycroft. “Yes,” I say.
Yet Sherlock texts again. And again.
Did he hear John correctly? He needs a flatmate? Why would anyone ever want William as a flatmate? He hasn’t experienced surprise much, at least not that he recalls, but this John Watson never fails to surprise. Even more, he’s surprised at his own reaction to John Watson. His first instinct is to splay out a person’s life as he visualizes it. He doesn’t do that to John. He’s not sure why.
“He didn’t say it,” John says.
Respiration: 10 breaths per minute.
They’d just missed Lestrade. John is certain that it’s intentional on Sherlock’s part. Molly told them he’d been to the morgue to check what, if anything new, Molly had found out.
"Here, along the edge of the strip, there's ground cover. Not too sandy," John says.
John stood outside and pressed his ear to the door. No sound. He gave three quick raps to let Sherlock know he was back. Still no peep. John quietly unlocked the door expecting Sherlock to be napping, but no Sherlock.
"Looks to be a shopping list, but it’s in a different handwriting from what’s on the back of his business card. Not sure whose it is. It may be his wife’s.”
Sherlock's finger slips inside the corner and tears it open. He reads it, then hesitates before handing it to John.
He understands there are a number reasons why John might not answer. He may be angry at Sherlock for leaving as he did. He may be out having a pint with Mike, Molly or maybe that pretty nurse. A pang nibbles at Sherlock as he recalls her batting her eyes and slipping her number to John. He shouldn’t feel jealous, but he does. He hisses a sigh. Maybe it’s not a date with a nurse, maybe it’s an emergency, maybe John is covering for another doctor’s shift.
“Head injury. I’m afraid he’s had seizures from them, and it’s most likely part of his memory loss. When I first met him, he called himself Will.”
Sherlock watches him closely. “Are you okay?” He asks.
smarter. How long did it take you?” The bitterness in her voice fills the room.
“No act. For once. This is me. Who I am," Sherlock says. "Do you want to know the truth?” He leans in a bit, making the lasers dance more, then whispers to her theatrically: “It took me far too long to recognize it. I’m happy that the Pandora Epidemic happened! It killed all the
“Martha?!” Sherlock says with obvious false shock.
I recall a day not long after, I began taking the suppressants—I knew little of the sacrifice or the cost to my family at the time. Years later I was relieved to be able to transmute rare elements and prepare my own suppressants. Of course the elements needed were hard to procure and at tremendous cost to family physically and monetarily.
"How?" John asked. "Where?"
“You intend to stay the night here again? You haven’t been home to your housekeeper who’s not a housekeeper.”
That evening, Mrs. Hudson brings them scones and tea. They decide against another game of Cluedo. John settles in with some James Ellroy and jumps when Will calls, "John, do you have any other pens?".
“Shouldn’t we call Greg?” John asks.
He didn’t think people would mind on a Saturday night. No one was around. Not even Sherlock. John knew he should be out and mingling, but he didn’t feel much like socializing. It's not like he could afford to go anywhere. Freshman weren't allowed to have cars, and public transportation was his only option. No place he could go that he could afford.
"Suck it up, Pink Wednesday Pants, and produce, then I might think about it."
“Whatever you tell me, I will keep it in the strictest confidence.”
John sniffs and lies down again. He squints, looking over at Sherlock sitting in a wicker chair not far from bed in the bow.
John knows exactly what Sherlock is. A miracle. That day when Sherlock grasped his wrist and pulled John up on the roof, he also pulled John back into life.
"Rest. Now you want me to rest. What about knocking me out and then sticking me on that cut-rate jet?"
These banner from the American cartoonist Charles Schultz came out in the 1960s and continued in popularity into the 70s. I had them in my room at home. These felt banners came in rainbow colors. Here’s a picture of “Curse you Red Baron!”
“I need to call Mycroft immediately.”
John looks down. So this is the new game they’re playing?
.  Will is neither pacing or drawing — just standing still, hands stuck into his curls, staring at nothing in particular.
He could argue with Mycroft. Tell him that what he sees in Sherlock is not just what John wants to see. He sees Sherlock Holmes, genius. Not perfect. But either is he. Far from it.
“Must I do everything,” Moriarty said. He reached into his coat and pulled out a Baby Browning. “Drop your gun, Sherlock, or it will be my distinct pleasure to end John Watson’s life.”
“Here, keep this safe for now.”
He picked up a folder and began to read. So often university studies relied on the student population for their samples, which puts the wider application of such research into question. The test subjects had already been selected, and pains had been taken to make sure that the cross-sections were as unbiased as possible. It wasn’t a random sampling, but as stratified as possible.
As his eyes were trained on John's mouth, Sherlock wondered if he could expire from sexual frustration.
After dinner, I finish the dishes, and John gives Rosie a bath. I hear singing from the bathroom, and “I’m a Little Teapot” rings out in John’s clear tenor accompanied by Rosie’s splashing. As I walk to the bathroom to capture the moment for my mind palace, I’m distracted by an incoming text message. It’s John’s mobile that persistently vibrates and rattles against the wood of the coffee table. I decide to ignore it, and glad I did. I suppress a laugh when John's arm loops as a handle and his other as the spout while he sings "when I get all steamed up hear me shout, tip me over and pour me out.”
“Again? But you’ve missed our last one. Oh!” Suddenly it all falls into place. He’s misread again. “That’s who you’ve been spending your date night time with. You’ve been seeing...”
Irene Adler visibly flinches, but presses ahead. "You think Magnussen will destroy John? No. What will destroy John is losing Sherlock. You know what John was like when you met him. How depressed he was."
Readers please note that I’ve added a new tag.
Some quick cleaning had been done: floor swept and tables dusted. Mycroft’s men guard the back and the outside of the front entrance. Mycroft pulls out a seat but remains standing.
"Hey!" John kicked the mattress above his head once more. It was as if the last hour had never happened except that a single card, a two of hearts, was left on John's bed.
“Say you’ll think it over.”
Also, the thefts completely stopped after the Tesco incident, further support for my hypothesis that  the imposter and the thief are one and the same.
He decided he would monitor the area and see if he could spy this man who set the traps. If this was a poacher, taking the traps would most likely deter him. If he was not, then Sherlock decided he could at least make the area a bit safer for his furry friends.
He’s having distinct problems understanding her words.
Why hadn’t he told John last night? As cliché as it sounds, he’d had the perfect opportunity, but he didn’t want to spoil the moment. That incredible moment on the couch. Together. Sherlock’s pulse quickens thinking of it.
As his professor nodded goodbye, John straightened his shoulders, pulling them back. He marched up the aisle and out the doors with a snap to his step. Maybe this hadn't turned out to be such a bad day after all.
He also solved a few cold cases and aided Lestrade with a few new ones. A fine distraction for his mind. Anthea’s visits were stimulating as well— especially after John told her that Mycroft was alive. It seems she’d like to punch Mycroft as well.
. Please tell me Brutus isn't a dog."
Over the next few days, I feel stronger. I call him John now, and he calls me Sherlock. I feel a strange connection to him. The infection has abated and my fever only shows itself in the evenings, and even then it's low-grade. I am getting out of bed and exploring the doctor's residence at 221B Baker Street along with his adjoining office at 221C. Trice daily I complete John’s prescription: a series of push ups and triceps dips to prevent atrophy in the adjoining muscles where my automail will be attached.
"I'm gonna be usin' another part of ya if ya don't. You may not look like an omega, but there are a few kinky clients who love freaky omega arse."
It's Sherlock's.
something."
"Look," he sighs as he opens the break room door. "This one's not an easy one. I know you take your oath seriously, but—  I also don't think you'd have brought up the subject if there wasn't anything you could say. If there's anything you feel would be in the public interest for me to know, I could— respond in kind."
magazine.
————————--
After learning that little tidbit of information about the rest stop, John's head always swung the other way, to east side of the highway, as the family drove past that particular rest stop. He was afraid that what he was was written on his face. That his dad only needed to look at him to find out. Like the arrow pointing the way to Rest Area 818,
“So, have you ever been in love?” Sherlock loves how John blushes a bit as he asks this.
. So her real name was Helena afterall. “Where was it taken?” John asks.
He’s clambering up the stairs. You would think a catman would be cat-like. I race after him.
and the student paper, the
I do lose consciousness, but before light and dark overtake me, I am beset with memories. They begin with the day I learned about Dr. John Watson and his family. I’m walking on our family estate next to my father along a meandering stone path lined with bright pockets of flowers and deep green lawns.
I keep all this to myself. For now.
John knows it's a distraction. But a good one.  “And you didn’t tell Greg, or remove them?”
He needs more, and he knows where to look. It’s an invitation to a new game— he read between the lines in the folders as Sophy Kratides intended. Where does she keep them?
"Boobies," he giggles like a school boy. Brown boobies, masked boobies, and red-footed boobies. Oh, and then there were the black and brown noddies. Every day he recognizes them and begins giving them names like Sam and Ralph and Eleanor.
Sherlock wakes early. Takes a shower. Makes coffee begins breakfast. It’s good to surprise John like he surprises Sherlock. While John’s in the shower, Sherlock writes John a new note and slips it in John’s billfold.
Moran’s eyes narrowed as he shifted nervously. “What the fuck was that?” he demanded.
“You must think me a fool if you think I believe you. You remember something.”
The woman stops. Shoulders tighten, hands stretch and fingers spread at her sides. Those hands. He’s seen them. John realizes that Mrs. Roberts was right this time about her clothes going missing.
In hindsight, Sherlock never should have had dinner at eight with him at Angelo's and should have taken Angelo's advice when he took Sherlock aside and whispered to him, "You can do better." But if you've never had, how can one know what was better?
“Now that’s a thing of beauty,” John says. The bed dips as John climbs between Sherlock’s legs. “Is it okay with you if I just stop for a moment to look at you?” Sherlock raises his knees and breathes in through his nose and nods. John. He always seems to know. He’s intentionally slowed himself to calm Sherlock.
“Yes, he sketches almost obsessively.”
“That is good.”
“Are you telling me she’s alive?”
“It has to do with a woman in a locket.” He closes his eyes. “A locket I found at the bottom of Ms. Kratide’s dresser drawer.”
Sherlock has stopped. He hears Sherlock mumbling. John never realized he mumbled. It’s numbers. Combinations. Then, the red dot moves around in a broader circle.
Mary tapped the syringe against the tile floor.
or steel wool soap pad for scrubbing pots and pans.
Sherlock really doesn’t need young Mycroft’s map to locate the key landmark where they must start, a large red sandstone shaped in his child’s mind like a dog.
Of course he couldn’t fool her.
Her face went from extreme animation back to her previous dullness.
John hesitates then pulls up a chair next to Sherlock. The cat burrows inside his coat.
“We don’t have the toxicology,” Molly says, “but a preliminary on our part found a sedative was in his system although in our opinion not enough to stop his heart. I’m certain when toxicology comes back it will confirm the drug is a match to that of the other victims.”
. He’ll have to look into why when he has more time.
Why, it didn't have to mean anything. Just sex. Not all that risky after all.
Mr. Markham is sitting on the floor with his back to the wall with his hands tied behind him. I spend a few seconds picturing how John had just manhandled him and tied him up like a Christmas turkey.
Sherlock’s stance softens along with his eyes and lips. He grasps John’s other wrist with his free hand. “I’m happy, John, but I don’t know how to do this. I need help. I need you to help me. John, show me how to do this.”
The man’s computer screen is up and on, and while not visible, Sherlock can see its reflection in the man’s glasses.
As his hands returned to massaging my back, his ministrations felt more like a caress. I was more and more convinced that this was me going into cold-induced delirium. Sherlock could not be making overt sexual advances, yet my senses told me it was happening. His hands were generating a warmth in places far removed from my back, and from the evidence pushing alongside mine in our trousers, the same could be said of Sherlock.
"That's more like what I had in mind. Hmm, but what about this cord?" John unties the cord and forms a honda knot. "Another role reversal: I could pretend to be you as a virgin, or...we could pretend that you are a drug lord, and I am a rent boy who will do anything to get a fix."
“That must have been exhausting for you. We had support, and it was next to impossible,” he says.
“It’s a stitch in my side.”
John slipped his coat off his shoulders. Thank god his mom insisted on a waterproof lining—at least his shirt was dry.
Old warehouses leveled and bulldozed. Earth moved and filled. Sherlock wonders, how many were buried here? Thousands upon thousands. All family and friends left behind.
"I had to keep a close watch on her. Mycroft assisted, as did Irene."
“Ah, the note,” I spit out blood at his feet. “You’ve read it.”
John notices an odd expression on William’s face. “Something wrong?”
“Amazing. I bit of dodging, kicking, and punching. You said you used alchemy without a circle. How?”
Thomas shakes his head. “Please,” Thomas says, giving Sophy then Mycroft a stern look. “She must rest.”
--------
"Hmm."
"He's not — how did?— I'm sorry, Molly," John finally settles on. This is just as much her mystery to solve as his. "You talked to the police about the dead man, and I didn't want you to have to lie about when he woke up, but I don't want him hauled off just yet."
John sits on the edge of the bed, hair sticking out, two days worth of stubble on his face, and eyes drowsy. Sherlock’s heart actually skips.
“And the note?”
Sherlock groans as he tucks John's head under his chin.
"It's more than that. Look at the name on it. Really look."
Alone at 221B, I washed my hands, but no matter how many times I scrubbed, his blood remained.
"You've known for a long time."
“Still, you have a few things. Think about it.” But John says
She jumps into John’s arms. He kisses her head, and I still hang on to how his hand felt in mine. The tingle where we touched lingers as a reminder, and it makes me feel so alone.
“She claims it was an easy way to keep her quiet,” John sighs. “She said Mary’s murder was all part of it. She told me her mom didn’t shoot Mary. Guess who she says did it?”
"Sometimes you need to keep the truth to yourself," he'd suggested. John decided that it was possible that his roommate was socially awkward and he was just being giant ass-wipe. Instead of acting grateful for the advice, Sherlock reacted like John had just insulted his mother and huffed off.
. She especially despises those who are expected to uphold justice and break that trust. That is part of why she despises Mycroft.”
"Yet you play 'patience.'" John sighed and turned the page. "I supposed you read this textbook in grade school."
It was really a matter of what Sherlock
“You will have to tell Lestrade we had no other choice but to do it that way.”
“I think I’m over Wolfe although being filthy rich still shouldn’t give one carte blanche to wear shark tooth necklaces and black shoes with white socks, nor insult my coat.”
In fact, I know I will.
He pulled out his knife and cut her down. She was limp in his arms. He disarmed her first. One gun was buried in the snow beneath her, another tucked in her jacket and a small blade in her boot. John slipped one gun in the back of his jeans, and the other gun and knife in his coat. He checked her pulse. If she was faking, it was an academy award performance. He pulled her along. He quickly flicked the flashlight beam on and off directly into her eyes. Not faking and not dead. Getting her back into the cabin would be tricky. He slung her over his shoulder and struggled through the drifts until he got to the cabin door. He had to push her to the top, then he slid down, following her.
He hated not being able to hang out with his friends, go to movies or bowling on Saturday nights. With every sacrifice he made, he cursed his father—but
Fear was also so much more manageable with someone around who cared. Redbeard had cared. He used to jump on the bed and huddle up to next to Sherlock after one of his nightmares.
It seems I am still protecting him from the truth. Now, my motives are simple: protect and do no harm. To do this I must have all of the facts. I need to be able to tell John the truth in full. There is a risk this will push him away. Although that is reason enough for me to not want to reveal all, I along with others have made too many decisions for John. I cannot add to these past omissions no matter how much I want to protect him.
"Almost. Until you interrupted us. Interesting though, I can't seem to entice you.... Oh!" A realization comes upon me. "My magick can't entice you to want me, can it? I can't make you go against your nature..."
"Fine." I tuck her hand in mine and escort her to the main hall lunch is usually laid out. When I attempt to escort her to the back patio we are instantly surrounded by possible Williams, groupies to those Williams, people with handmade banners, and a cacophony of Phoenixes. The shouting, cheering, reporters shouting questions, lights flashing, everything. We are quickly pulled back into the hall.
All I can do is hold him, his head against my chest. "If you're sad you're sad. It's ok." The bitch tried to kill him. Well, she had him killed, or tried to have him killed. In any matter I'm glad she's gone.
"I thought you were going to distract her..." I chuckle, but not resisting in the least.
Sherlock
"I'm not jealous of that stupid goldfish." I mutter to my tea cup how stupid and goldfishy that dumb stupid goldfish it. "He'll get tired and come back to our game. I just need to remind him he can't stop playing just because he has a new toy to play with." I absently grab a biscuit and crumble it. "Let me guess. He saved you from something and now you feel loyal and blah blah blah."
"Get up, you git." I walk over to the pile of clothes and grab the first thing my hand lands on. I wrap myself around the wool coat and return to the edge of the cave. "Ha! I know where we are!"
I put a hand on either side of his face as he starts to suck me off. "Bloody perfect." His mouth was made to do this. Suck cock and spin facts.
Someone's gotta pay for that fancy new house, babe.
A grin spreads across my face at his words. "Oh, so now you wanna play Mr. Holmes? A moment ago, you were acting the worried bride on her wedding day." The thought of Myc in Bridal Lingerie makes my dick even harder.
"No. I did not. I said if they're here in 48 hours. Not in the next 48 hours." I put both hands on the table loudly. "Tell her why she's wrong Seb."
Mycroft
"Hello?" That noise either came from a human or a very well-mannered beast. "Someone there?"
seen you with the ladies the previous morning," I said a bit guiltily.
I crack an eye open to glare at him. "Pfft. I'm not high... I was high. And we didn't smoke it. She makes these ah-may-zing honey cakes. And her tea is sooo good."
I start to disrobe myself until I'm in nothing but my loose pants. I guide Gregory to the tree and remove his clothing the same as I have done many times before. The cold is biting so I have him sit on the bedding and bring the blanket around us when I straddle his lap. "I need you." I kiss his neck. "I need to not think." My thumbs find his nipples are rub them. "I need you to make me not think." I grind our dicks together and let out a small moan.
“You’re daft. I doubt he’ll even answer his door if I knock.”
"Well... Umm... It's complicated?" It's a bit hard to get married when one of you is legally dead and the other is a wanted felon. "Besides, he wouldn't ever be bothered enough to ask." No matter how many times I basically tell him too.
"Did they tell you why they wanted to leave? Or maybe, where you could find them?"
I chuckle a bit. "Iraq, mostly. You?" I already know the answer, of course - Jimmy told me - but I want to get him comfortable and chatty.
I ignore his question for the delay tactic that it is. "Did you really not know our Sherlock was his William?"
We ride in silence for a while. "Is the saddle a bit more comfortable for you, at least?" I can see why he was uncomfortable before - even though I'm an experienced rider, and know to relax into her gait more than he did, my hips are starting to ache a bit.
Mycroft
"Mrs Hudson is the one that would know that." I almost call out for Martha before I catch myself. "She's not here at the moment but will be back soon. In the meantime, you could ask Mrs Turner next door."
I laugh and shake my head. I curl up behind him, pulling the blanket up over us both and putting my arm around his waist. I'll be awake in an hour anyway, but at least I can get a little more sleep now.
"Remind me to thank Greg for talking you into it." I pat down his shirt and attempt to tame some errant curls. "Life as a Lord's spouse will be filled with crowds. Will that be a deal breaker?"
"The kind I win. She's gonna stay here and we'll all live happy ever after. Or Huddy wins and we move to Baker Street. Daddy's tired now. Go to sleep."
John, still stubbornly focused on Sherlock's overall motive, misunderstood and thought that Sherlock meant he was
Sherlock
I let my hand slip down, teasing over his hip. "Do I get to ruin you?" I ask quietly.
I give him a dramatic, wide-eyed, innocent look. "Me? I don't hide anything." I lean over and kiss him soundly on the lips.
I do to him what he has done to, for, me before. I grab his hips and turn us around so that I can pound into him. As I do so I grab his cock and stroke the shaft in time to my thrusts.
I throw one of the pillows we knocked onto the floor this morning at him as I head into the bathroom to shower. "Madman," I mumble with a grin.
"Oh dear gods Gregory. You are not a stupid man. You can figure it out." I push the remaining food away and walk over to the bedding he has thrown in the floor. "I'd rather you just out right say your rejection then I can get past this stupid infatuation."
"No. Sometimes she drinks more or makes a total arse of herself." Finally a waiter with food passes by. "I'll take that thank you."
"Let me take a look at it, dear," I kneel in front of him and slide his boot off. His ankle is definitely swollen, and getting a bit of color. "I can make you a poultice for this... help bring the swelling down a bit, which should get you back on your feet quicker, if you'd like." I look up at him. His crisp blue eyes are gorgeous.
"Decent. Such glowing praise." I smirk at him as I pop a piece of cheese into my mouth. "I'll save some of the cheese for you for later - I know you don't eat first thing. But I expect you to eat later." I get up from the fire and check Daisy over. "If you can roll up the bedding, we can get moving."
I take his arm and walk quickly back to the edge of the clearing where Daisy is tied. "Let's wait here a bit. She can't see us easily if we head that way a bit" I point to a small copse of brush. "If he's been here recently, and is on foot, then he might come back."
"Of course, I came back. What, you think I'd find someone I'd rather take care of?" I chuckle, sweeping him up into my arms and taking him down the hall.
"All right. Just don't tell him where you got them, OK? Like I need one more chore on my list..." I gather several biscuits into a small bag and hand it to him. "Now, if you'll excuse me, his highness out there expects me to finish these dishes before I cook him dinner." I sigh hopelessly.
"Promise not to laugh?"
"Talk to me, John..."
Sherlock
"Be careful." He blushes adorable when I give him a kiss on the cheek. "Don't do anything stupid."
I look around nervously at the crowd as we join the queue. I stick close to Greg's side, since his invitation is my only way in. "I need to make sure I get home well before my brother. I told me not to expect him before 1am, so if you can drive me home around midnight, that should give me plenty of time."
I am sitting at the kitchen table as Greg chuckles to himself, putting the kettle on to boil. I am thoroughly confused by what I just saw.
Sherlock
I'm tempted to respond like he would with of course I was. Instead I flip on the kettle and ask him if he wants a cup.
"No, he wanted to ask him personally. Since his presence won't be required for a while, I gave him our address."
"What are you doing?" John asked as Sherlock retrieved a box from under the tree. It was a present for Molly, proof that he'd learned a thing or two since John had entered his life.
“She kept me around for a few years – longer than any ‘stable boy’ she’d had before, I’m told. But one afternoon, I came across a letter from Ginny’s father – seems Alicia had given him the money to pay for Ginny’s passage. I asked Alicia about it, and she flew into a rage, slapped me, called me an ungrateful little whore. I ran – grabbed Daisy from the stable and high-tailed it back to my father’s house with nothing but the clothes on my back and a few coins in my pocket.”
I walk downstairs, still drying my hair, a towel wrapped around my waist. I freeze when I see Greg sitting on the sofa, his eyes wide. "Oh, he's still here..." I stammer.
I look down sheepishly. ' Ah, yeah, that makes sense." Why do I even question him any more. "You are brilliant." A flush, this time of pride, goes through me.
"Come on love... Your teasing is vicious."
I arch my back, writhing under his attentions. "But... I want you...
Mmmm. "You didn't do anything to give away our position?" I open one eye and squint at him.
"It's your bed Irene. You should have it. We'll be fine." The floor looks cold and miserable. "Maybe you should consider sleeping in the bed, Sherlock? The floor looks painful." Please say no please say no please say no
"Ouch." I cringe. "Just how many partners do you think I've got? I only see you a few times a week, but that only because it's all I can afford, and it's obvious you need the money, or you wouldn't be doing this kind of work." I blush, suddenly ashamed.
"I'm flattered. So he liked logic puzzles?" I ask gently. Poor Molly ended up as the third wheel in Jim's relationship, it sounds like. "Tell me, did he read? Mention any favorites?" Like fairy tales?
"I am far from equine, despite my long legs and neck." I chuckle.
Sherlock
I tense, ready to bolt if necessary. "Look, Sherlock, your brother's been looking for you. Your stepmother is... well, there's no gentle way for me to put this really. She's dead. Mycroft feels awful about what she made him do, and asked me to find you, to try to make amends." I see a range of emotions cross Sherlock's face, so I continue. "My camp is just beyond the edge of the clearing." I nod toward where Daisy is visible (but Mycroft is not). Think about it. Your brother wants you back, desperately. If you're willing, come to my camp."
I climb out of the blankets and step over to the fire, grabbing a bit of the food and some water. "All right, then." I walk over to where Daisy is tied, and check her over, making sure her hooves and legs are none the worse for wear after yesterday's trek. Popping the last couple of grapes in my mouth, I head back into the cave and roll up the sleeping mat and blankets, hefting the bundle onto my shoulder as I walk back to the horse.
My eyes still wide, I look at John incredulously. "It's been FIVE WEEKS! She kept us for FIVE WEEKS!" I nearly shout.
I chuckle to myself. I dig my fingers into his hips in a failed attempt to control the pace.
Ohhhh My Gawd!! "This is too funny. Ha. If I knew it would be this fun I would've done it ages ago." I sit down and pat the seat to my right so Seb sits as well. Outside I hear cursing followed by a baritone howl of 'Jaaaaaawwwwwn!"
"Don't be silly, Jimmy," I scold from the kitchen. "They know full well I'm not on holiday. I would have told them."
I've always told you Watson was above-average.
"John, you're going to hurt your ankle even worse." I put my arms around him and haul him up to his feet. With an arm around his waist, I guide him to the small bench in Irene's garden, and sit him down. Looking up, I see that the sunlight is waning. "I think we have to stay here tonight, but we need to be careful. No more tea."
"I love your brilliant brain as much as that brilliant mouth of yours. Right now however, I only want one working." I lay my chest on his and rub it upwards until my hips hit his shoulders. I grab his wrists and hold them above his head. My weeping cock touches his lips.
"What's that supposed to mean?" John looked up at Sherlock in confusion. He went to stand up but Sherlock pushed him back down then got on his knees in front of him.
but keep the uniform
"Oh blimey. I thought they were twins! Obviously I'm horrible at this game." I look around and no one really stands out. "Who's got the worst outfit you think?"
"Quite well, sir, thank you for asking."
I smack his hand. "Of course not - those are mine." I giggle. "He hasn't found them yet." I look at Greg curiously. "What would I make a mask for?"
I roll out the meager padding and start to prepare two sleeping mats but there is only enough material for one.
Sherlock
. "Believe me, I keep very busy."
My jaw drops and my brain comes to a complete halt.
Jim is still sleeping peacefully when I open my eyes. Do I smell... cooking? I pull on a pair of track pants, and am about the look for a weapon when I suddenly remember - that old woman! Oh, god, she's been here all night... I look back at Jimmy's relaxed expression, a smile just beginning to play on his lips. "Damn you, Jim... you're SO lucky you're cute..." I mumble, and head toward the kitchen.
"That wasn't a challenge Gregory." I eat the Apple slices begrudgingly. "Brandy now?"
Sherlock
"No, it didn't." I clarify for him. "It's an artificial fix on a real problem, and it never lasts." I put my arm around his shoulders. "You didn't need 'liquid courage' every time you came around, though... you must have found the real thing at some point."
The commanding tone in his voice makes me shiver. "I suppose that can be arranged." I reply. I drag my nails over his thighs lightly, teasing.
Mycroft
"If you’re Red Riding Hood and Mrs. Hudson is the Grandmother then you must know who the wolf is. They seem to know you very well. Quite well actually if you think about it." Who besides us know of Mrs. Hudson and Sherlocks bond? "Could this have anything to do with how you first met?"
"You are the best pupil." I briefly get lost in a fantasy of Lock wearing a school uniform, me in my BAF uniform, doing all sorts of naughty things on top a desk. "Now you're distracting me. Bad boy." I smile a bit so he knows I'm not really upset. "Since this obviously isn't shutting you up let's try something else."
"Sh'lock," I call out hoarsely, "where are you?" My voice barely above a whisper. "Sh'lock... Shhhllll."
I smile into the kiss and push against him, sucking in his lower lip. "Yes, I will. Of course. I can't very well cook it otherwise. darlin'."
Sherlock
could. "I didn't do anything that might... affect you in any way, if that's what you're asking."
"Lower your voice!" I hiss at him angrily. "This is still my house." I take a deep breath, calming myself. "You hardly know this... person. You can't have developed an attachment to him so quickly."
My hand tightens in his hair at the first contact of his tongue on my shaft. "Fuhh. If that's how you're going to win arguments..."
It took me a moment to remember where I was, when I woke up in a soft bed instead of freezing my arse off in a cave somewhere. Still, I instinctively move toward the nearest source of warmth, which happened to be John
Mycroft
I take more in my mouth, my tongue working along his shaft as I start to suck gently, listening to the sounds he's making.
I will, however, enjoy the benefits of this mystery. I happily kiss him back, nipping at his lower lip as I stoke my hands up and down his back.
"I'm close. Too close." I put my hands on his hips and pull him down hard as I arch up. He rakes his nails down my arm and the perfect mix of pain and pleasure causes me to finally explode.
"Oh Thank You Your Highness." I bow for added sarcastic effect. "I'm so glad you've decided not to freeze to death."
Sherlock
Sherlock
My breath is ragged and nerves are shot. I sneak out the secret door behind the basin in the loo. "Psst. Harry." I whisper yell at my sister after I get out of the hidden hallway that leads to her restroom. She doesn't wake so I try gain. "Harry?" nothing "Harry!" nothing "HARRY!" ah, now she's awake.
He knew that people would definitely talk if they had seen them like that. But he did not mind, Sherlock needed his help and support, and he would do anything to get him out of this misery.
giving the detective's growing belly free place to expand in. It gratefully spilt out of the tight squeeze and continued happily in its augmentation.
" What do we do?" Sherlock asked and looked at him with big trusting eyes, for the first time in his life he was utterly lost.
He had always hated cold showers and hardening, being skinny like a stick disconcerted his thermoregulation. He was also known for blocking the bathroom all the time, he could just stand in the shower and pour hectolitres of hot water on himself for ages.
He sighed and ran his hand through his sandy blonde hair in frustration. " What's going on, Lock? Don't you trust me?"
Fortunately, it seemed that it stopped growing. His breath started to freak out, the panic almost choked him. What was he going to do? He had no idea what was going on and he HATED not-knowing!
: John
" Sherlock...?" John said in his familiar 'what-have-you-done-this-time' tone and frowned at him. One calm, peaceful evening! Was it too much to wish?
His breath started to creep up in his throat and a great lump of panic grew on his windpipe.
A small smile warped Sherlock's pink lips as corners of his mouth raised upwards.
Mycroft cupped his brother's face with his big hands and looked him deeply into his puffy red eyes. " John is not like that, he would never replace you... He had known you just a few hours and still, he refused to take a tidy sum of money... That says a lot about him, doesn't it?"
" My, my, Sherlock... What have you done this time?" A sarcastic voice said from the doorframe of the bathroom, which belonged to nobody else but Mycroft Holmes. His eyes combed the situation in front of him and he had a lot to do to stay stoic and calm.
John shrugged his shoulders.
It was horrible to see his best friend so helpless, out of control. Sherlock always wanted to have an upper hand on everything, but there was no way to control this. He told him that it will be okay... But he couldn't know it, he only said that to make him feel better. His words couldn't stop the disaster caused by a completely absurd thing.
The soldier nodded and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's thickening middle while the raven-haired man clenched the fabric of John's cuddly jumper and held onto it as if his whole life was depending on it.
John's eyes continued in the examination and fixed on Sherlock's middle. His eyebrows furrowed at the sight of the towel around his waist, the way he clutched the towel alarmed him. It looked as if his whole life was depending on that piece of fabric.
The doctor leaned on the door. " I'm not a good cook or baker, but I know that the rising of the yeast-based dough can be influenced by the temperature! It rises more with heat, but it stops its proofing when you cool it down. Try to take a very cold shower, maybe it could stop or even shrink back to its usual size..." He said, explaining the principle of dough rising. Because that was how Sherlock's tummy behaved like, it had to be from the leaven the detective had tested, he couldn't find any other possible trigger for it.
However, the arm around his shoulders tightened its grip and pressed the weeping detective to the owner's chest. " Shhh... It's just me..."
" Fine, your waste..." John shrugged his shoulders and turned around to go to the kitchen to fetch himself some dinner. When he was preparing his meal, he couldn't help but notice that the kitchen is strangely clean.
It didn't make any sense, how could this appear in there in just a few minutes?!
John didn't even hesitate and bowed down and grabbed the button of Sherlock's trousers to set him free from its prison. Finally, the button loosened and the belly could puff out. Sherlock let out a sigh of relief and massaged sore spots before he turned his attention back to his kind flatmate.
" Thank you, John... You can go to sleep, you don't have to be with me..." The detective spoke softly, very grateful to his friend and blogger. He knew John wanted to help, but he didn't want him to be tired because of him and his stupid experiments!
" Do you remember what you've put in there?" John asked, finding the whole situation absurd and implausible. It couldn't be possible to inflate just because of some stupid chemicals, could it?
" Well done, continue..." John praised him and boosted him to continue.
As soon as John said that, the detective groaned and clutched his tum, curling into a ball to decrease the pain.
John was left there in his armchair, with his face curled into a worried mask. What the hell was wrong with his flatmate? Was he sick? He said that he had already eaten, maybe he ate something which didn't get well with his stomach?
Sherlock's bushy brows furrowed in confusion. " But we were there together-" He noted, surprised. Why did John want him to talk about the "Furious Violinist" case?
He got up and headed towards the bathroom. He raised his hand a knocked lightly on the wooden door.
" At first he was worried, I didn't want to let him in - which is understandable, he's a doctor. When he found out, he was shocked, '
He grunted as he felt his tailored trousers grow tighter and tighter around his waist, the mass that kept expanding around his middle began to stretch the black fabric to make more room for itself.
John immediately sensed the detective's discomfort and his face changed into his caring mask. " I'm so sorry, Lock... I didn't mean to. Calm down, please, I don't want you to faint..." He whispered and reached out for Sherlock's hands so he could take them out of his belly.
John was a bit shocked to find the stoic, almost emotionless man crying. But not because for a case, just to manipulate someone to do something for him. The man in front of him was scared and confused, with no idea what to do.
The Consulting detective inhaled shakily and started. " The body belonged to a young woman, somewhere around 23 years old. She died from strangling, she was choked by a string, which was quite obvious because of the thin line of the cut on her neck..." He stopped for a while, to catch his breath.
I love the complexity of his character - he may seem like an Ice Man, but inside he really cares about his little brother, and he's not ashamed to admit it. I think he knows that it's a weakness which can be easily used against him, that's why both of them try to distance themselves away from feelings (just my opinion;P)
John's voice immediately returned the shocked man back to reality, he completely forgot that he wasn't there alone.
But then he realised something. Was this how Mycroft really felt, when he kept reminding him of his diets and weight? He always meant it like a joke, he knew that his big brother wasn't fat, he had eyes, for God's sake! But what if Mycroft took it personally?
Sherlock nodded and took a deep breath through his nose in order to pull himself together, but it proved to be a big mistake. He should have taken off his shirt while he still could, he could have spared his favourite piece of clothes. But it was too late now.
Hello guys!
" I came to help you..." Mycroft said as soon as they were alone in the room, his tone changing completely. Suddenly it sounded caring and soft, the arrogance was almost gone.
Sherlock sniffed. His cheeks were red as roses, he was so embarrassed and scared! And the worst of all was that it was HIS fault! " How come you're not disgusted?" He asked, genuinely surprised.
The good army doctor snapped back to reality and looked at the older man with worries in his oceanic blue eyes.
What it looks like John didn't get an opportunity to know, instead of that they heard a loud shattering noise echoing through the whole flat, followed by an almost inhuman shriek.
No, it wasn't possible, was it? It couldn't be! He was just imagining things, this wasn't real!
The ginger could see very well what was going on in his brother's head, he didn't need to use his deductions to know. He gave him a very rare, small smile. " Then it WILL work, don't worry..."
Suddenly Sherlock completely dropped the 'hard man' mask and bared how vulnerable he felt.
" Sherlock, stop it, you're hurting yourself!" John exclaimed, horrified to see that his friend loathes himself so much.
Panic started to rise inside him. Whatever was going on, John must not see! What would he think if he saw?
" Well done, Sherlock..." Mycroft praised him like a small child and patted his shoulder.
The detective flinched, this time not from the coldness of the water. " Do-don't t-tease me!"
The detective DIDN'T reply but remained oddly quiet and he lowered his eyes, at that moment he reminded John of guilty puppy which knew it had done something bad.
The raven-haired detective chuckled unhappily. " There's nothing else I can do..."
" No, Sherlock, stop crying! It gets worse when you're upset, think of something nice... Or someone..."
John sighed and stretched his legs and crossed his ankles. Nothing special - flu, cough, allergies and some ear infection, this was John's bread and butter...
" Thank you, Mycroft... I appreciate your help so much, I owe you thousands of favours..." He finally spoke and he really meant it, he knew that it wasn't easy to put up with him, but still, Mycroft managed to stand him even despite his flaws.
The British Government turned his attention to John Watson. " John, would you be so kind and give us a minute?" He really needed to have a word with Sherlock and calm him down, it was maybe the only thing which could stop the growth of the afflicted body part.
Sherlock took a towel from the hanger and wrapped it around his waist. He knew that it was just small protection, he was certain that he will outgrow it, by the rate his belly kept surging out. He hoped it will stop soon though, he didn't want to end up with a paunch huge as a beach ball or, for God's sake, even bigger!
Hold on...
" Do you know what has caused it? I mean, it couldn't just happen on its own, could it? Tell me what you did today..."
The detective let out an oblivious sigh and he ruffled his black curly hair. A sudden wave of heat hit him like a Tsunami and he could feel tiny drops of sweat rash on his forehead. But he just waved it off, he attached this warmness to Mrs Hudson's heating.
" You don't have to -" Sherlock said and looked down sadly at John's hand which looked ridiculously small compared to the bulge of Sherlock's middle.
The round man lurched on his feet, feeling unstable and clumsy. His hands wandered towards the fly of his trousers and tried to grip the overly snug waistband. After a small fight with his own pair of trousers, he managed to strip it down his hips.
John looked at him, a bit hurt, was this what Sherlock thought of him? " Disgusted? I could never be disgusted by you. To be honest, I'm a bit shocked, but that's all..." He said and meant every word.
" Let's get you in the shower then..." Mycroft ordered and helped his 'little' brother into the enclosure. Then he took the showerhead and turned on the coolest temperature he could. He switched on the water and the stream of freezing liquid started to pour out.
Have a nice day and stay healthy in these days!
" Good luck, boys... I'll be in the living room..."
That was the last straw for the poor detective and he burst into tears, unable to keep himself in control anymore. His body betrayed him completely, and right in front of John, the most important man in his life! How can he look him in the eye after this?!
He continued to pace restlessly through the living room, pretty shaken by the whole situation. It was so unreal and crazy, he had a hard time to understand that some kind of ruined experiment could cause so much damage!
" Ready?" The elder one asked and nodded towards the shower.
" I'm fine, John..." The detective snapped at him, much more harshly than he intended to. John was just concerned about him and he meant it well, but the man wasn't used to those displays of affection.
He stormed through the living room and made his way to the bathroom as quickly as he could. He ran inside and slammed the door behind himself, locking the door so John couldn't get in.
" D-don't look at me, please... " Sherlock stuttered between sobs which shook with his changing body and tried to pull away from his friend.
" Please, let me help you... What hurts, is it your stomach? Let me see..." Then without a warning, the doctor took the towel and unwrapped it from Sherlock's waist.
Usually, this would be quite uncomfortable for both sides, but Mycroft was quite in a practice, it was becoming a routine. This wasn't the first time he helped his brother to have a shower. But usually, his brother didn't even know it because he was high as a kite.
working, however, not in a solution Sherlock hoped for. " Do you trust John?" He decided to avoid this topic and answered him with a question.
" I-I'm coming..."
" Hey, it will be okay, you'll see... You're fine, really..." John cooed and pressed his best friend even closer to himself, so close he could feel detective's engorging tummy poke him in his side. He didn't mind though, everything he cared about was the man beside him and he wasn't going to let some stupid experiment to take the detective away from him! He just hoped Sherlock won't notice his pounding, throbbing heart. He would not say it out loud, but it felt so nice to hold him like this, it was so unknown yet so familiar... If only it wasn't such a horrible occasion!
The black-haired man started to count on his fingers. " I worked on some paperwork... Wrote some articles... Did an experi-" His eyes widened in horror at the discovery. " Christ! It must have been that experiment! It went wrong and I got splashed with the mixture I made!"
Mycroft helped him out of the ripped shirt and threw it on the ground, right beside the black trousers.
The detective's hopes were dashed, if Mycroft did not know, what was the chance of getting back to normal, or stopping it at least?
Sherlock raised his head and looked at him with red-rimmed eyes. " Why would you do that? Why don't you laugh at me and my stupidity?" He snapped but his voice was missing its harshness so characteristic for conversations with his brother.
" How was your work today?" He asked the short man opposite to him in real interest, which was quite unusual for him. From John's side...
" I don't know... But maybe it will stop on its own... You just have to calm down, panic makes everything worse... " He said. God knows how much he would like to help him, but he had no idea how.
He shook his head, it must have been Mrs Hudson, Sherlock would never touch the broomstick or any other cleaning stuff.
At the end of the sentence, John had to strain his ears to hear what the man on the other side of the door said.
... " You know you can act like yourself, don't you? I'm pretty used to it by now..."
But he asked anyway, you never know about Sherlock Holmes... " I have bought some takeaway on my way back from work... Wanna have some?"
He was sitting on the cold tiles, in the arms of his best friend. His shirt was torn out in the middle and reminded him more of the bra than a formal elegant piece of clothing, his pants were unbuttoned, but it didn't seem to be enough to ease his discomfort. His belly was inflating in front of him like a balloon, he looked like an expecting mother at the due date.
" Sherlock, I won't see anything I hadn't seen. If you're throwing up or bleeding, I'm absolutely immune to these things... It's easier to bear with it when you have somebody with you..."
The ex-soldier smiled at him, he knew that the detective was doing his best to be a 'normal' flatmate, but the truth was that John wanted him to be just
Rushing towards the bathroom as quickly as he could, he knocked on the door with urgency.
Sherlock's cheeks grew red, even despite the coolness.
His little brother seemed to be unharmed and in one piece, fortunately. Except he wasn't little anymore.
John's face paled, he wasn't stupid - he could hear the unspoken meaning behind Mycroft's words. " But?"
John leaned closer to the door, he couldn't mishear the moan which was almost tangible in Sherlock's deep baritone. " Can I come in?" He asked, his voice full of worry.
The bony detective in his favourite purple button-upsshirt laid stretched on the sofa, his long legs hung out of the armrest, and his delicate hands with long fingers rested under his chin, he was deep inside his Mind Palace, John guessed.
(See the end of the chapter for
He still felt his cooling, small hands on his expanding body, and the gentle voice of his companion rang in his ears, murmuring that everything will be okay, it was as if he was there with him. His breath was starting to calm down and so the man on the floor.
Another chapter is here, what do you think? It took me much more time than the first chapter, it was quite difficult to write this, especially Mycroft.
" Evident..." John smirked sarcastically, doing everything he could to make the man distracted, even if he had to make a fool of himself.
John was like a cat on a hot tin roof, he couldn't stop thinking about his friend, who was taking a freezing shower.
Mycroft wanted to tell him that it
John's eyes grew wide as he stared at detective's once-flat stomach, which somehow wasn't flat at all. John had to blink a few times to make sure he wasn't dreaming.
The popping noise announced that his shirt officially gave up on the fight and burst,
before his bulging tummy makes him immobile!
Mycroft noticed Sherlock's failed attempt and reached out his hands to him. " Take my hands..."
The rest of the colour drained out of detective's face and he closed his eyes in shame when he heard the seams of the abused shirt groan as they tried to make some more space. He reached his fingers to undo the buttons, he knew that the disaster was upon them -
He would be lying if he had said that he wasn't horrified though.
" Sherlock? What's wrong?"
Taking a deep breath, he opened the door.
" She was a student, not a very good one according to her friends. She was very arrogant, that's evident from her eyebrows."
" W-w-what if i-it doesn't wo-work?" Sherlock stuttered in a small, unsure voice and continued to shake all over his body, goosebumps covered every millimetre of his skin. What would he do if
'. But then he tried to help me and calmed me down..." He paused and ruffled his black sweaty hair. " But what if he did it just from the pity? What if I'll be stuck like this forever (unless I burst) and John will move out?" A traitorous sniff found its way from Sherlock's mouth at the horrible image in his Mind Palace.
" H-how long?" Sherlock asked through his chattering teeth. He didn't want to look inpatient or ungrateful, but he wanted to leave the freezing shower as soon as possible.
There was a noise when Sherlock leaned heavily on the door, preventing the room from John's entrance. " No! Go away!" He yelped, panicking. John wanted him to let him in! There was no way he could let the man he loved the most in the world see him like this!
Was Sherlock trying to hide something? Jesus, what if he was bleeding?!
A few minutes later he re-entered the living room with a portion of noodles and sat down in his favourite armchair.
The other Holmes made his way towards his sibling and bent down on the floor, putting his hand on Sherlock's knee. " Because I care about you..."
Detective's eyes widened. That... That wasn't there before! He had to know that, he was Sherlock Holmes! And he was more than sure that the curve of his belly DEFINITELY wasn't as round as right now, he has always been thin as a stick!
He hated the way Sherlock thought about himself, he could hear shock, panic and humiliation in his voice. It wasn't that bad, for now... However, he had to admit that the detective had a point, something
" Thanks, I was starting to fear that you won't say that..." Sherlock noted in his characteristic voice and rolled his eyes.
He was so lucky to have a brother like that, he could have left him in the lurch. Mycroft Holmes was a very busy man and certainly, he had much more important things to do instead of fixing his brother's scrapes.
He hoped it would work, but not because he would mind the way Sherlock looked like, he just wanted Sherlock to be comfortable in his own body and he knew that he could never be satisfied with himself like this.
There was a sudden 'ping' coming out of his phone, alerting an incoming message. John didn't have to take a look to know who it was...
The detective obeyed and leaned his troubled head on the wall of the bathroom and closed his eyes, thinking about the only thing which was able to calm him down. John...
Then he rolled his eyeballs and sneered, he wasn't used to those outbursts of brotherly compassion... " Jesus, you're making me so sentimental that my teeth rot..." He said, joking to lighten up the atmosphere a bit.
The detective buried his head in his hands and lost the control of his emotions, the fear paralyzed his brilliant brain and prevented his head from finding out how to deal with the consequences of his carelessness.
He groaned in discomfort and pressed his hands furiously on his constantly tumefying throbbing gut, hoping that if he'll press it with such big strength, it will shrink back to its usual size. But it didn't work, it only increased the detective's bad mood and desperation.
Mycroft blinked in confusion, did that silly man really think that he would deserve something like this just for an innocent teasing? He ran his hand through Sherlock's curly hair. " I was joking, Lock... It's not a punishment, it was an accident and you know it, it's not your fault..."
The doctor rested his hand on Sherlock's bony shoulder and gave it a light squeeze. " Don't worry, we will find a cure, okay?"
Sherlock put his hands on his flat belly to find it... not so flat as he expected it to be.
His gaze slid down to his middle and he couldn't hold a gasp. A bump was already forming on his favourite tight shirt, pushing it outwards and making it even tighter. Sherlock pressed his big hands on his stomach again in a hope it would return to its usual state, but it was no use, the skin under his fingers kept distending and he couldn't do anything about it.
The nickname and love in that question were all it took him to break. Sherlock knew that he could not hide this from his best friend, how could he? His stomach now looked like as if there was a bowl pressed against his skin and it still continued to grow! There was no way to cover it up! He let out a shaky sigh. " It's not that... I just don't want you to... see me like this..."
" I'm sorry for interrupting, don't worry, I haven't been eavesdropping. I have an idea. Sherlock said that there was a leaven inside the mixture which splattered him, is that right?"
" Why not? I'm worried about you, you're acting so strange!" The former soldier exclaimed, the concern playing with his tone.
Sherlock let out a startled yelp when the cold water met his skin and began to shake as Mycroft kept washing his whole body with frigid douche.  But he knew that if he wanted to stop this mess, he had to stand the coldness and stop whining.
Ash_Lock243 (PaulineHolmes02)
" Now you know how I feel when you ask me about my diets..." The elder Holmes shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and patted Sherlock's belly.
John chuckled. " And how was your day? Were there some severed heads in the fridge again? Or explosions?" He asked a rhetorical question, hoping that Sherlock won't reply.
" Obvious, there are tiny wrinkles around her brows, she had a habit of raising them on people she loathed. From the body language, it's clear that she was arrogant..." The detective explained and felt a bit better, except for the uncomfortable pressure of his pants which made him feel like a sardine.
" Tell me about the previous case..." John said suddenly to change the topic completely.
The door of the bathroom opened and closed and soon Mycroft joined the ex-soldier in the living room.
And suddenly...
Sherlock ruffled his hair in frustration and rested his hands on the top of his surging abdomen, rubbing it cautiously to ease the ache of his stretching skin.
Sherlock gratefully grabbed his brother's hands and allowed him to help him up on his feet.
Mycroft rubbed the back of his neck, wondering how to tell John without speaking badly about Sherlock. " If you mean if he has stopped growing, then yes..." He said carefully, avoiding the answer in the way only Mycroft Holmes can.
" I'm just a bit nauseous... Don't worry, I'll be fine..." Sherlock said, but his voice didn't sound very convincing, as if he himself didn't believe it...
A strange warmth gathered around his stomach and settled down there. The heat started to produce a weird tingling sensation inside Sherlock's guts as if tiny legs of the beetles were marching on the wall of his stomach.
The British Government sighed in defeat and ran his hand through his dwindling dark ginger hair. " His stomach didn't shrink. It looks like -"
His suit was a bit damp, he has obviously been helping his brother with taking a shower. John felt a sting of guilt when he thought about Harry, he was a rubbish brother, he should be there for her, even though they didn't get on much well!
Finally, Sherlock was set up free of the restrictive clothes and stood there just in his boxers, shaking with humiliation and discomfort.
The hopelessness changed into a panic and panic into anger. Sherlock pressed his hands on his middle, determined to push everything back, but the power in his belly was stronger. When nothing happened, he let out something between the snarl and yelp and punched himself into the growing flesh.
Sherlock's heart started to pound quickly in his chest, John thought he was having food poisoning or something like that! He almost saw the disgust on his face when he finds out that it's not the flu or food poisoning.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself and pouted at him. " Yes..." He snapped.
To prevent him from hurting himself, he wrapped his strong arms around Sherlock's shoulders and squeezed him into a loving embrace. Sherlock began to tremble like a leaf in the wind and curled into a fetal position, nestling up to his friend and his welcoming hug.
" Yes, he does... But don't worry, I'm not leaving you alone..." He whispered and hoped to get out of this mess soon.
" Well? Did it work?"
The torn shirt bared the whole area of the detective's stomach, showing it at its best. The pale skin looked painfully tight and stretch marks started to sprout on sides of his burgeoning belly.
John winced when the desperate voice of his friend reached to his ears, the desperation in Sherlock's voice was almost tangible. He wasn't eavesdropping, God, his strong moral principles did not allow him to intrude Sherlock's and Mycroft's privacy. But Sherlock's exclamation couldn't be unheard, he could tell that the detective was hopeless.
Holmes could not hold back a groan when his ballooning tummy pressed against his chest and stretched the shirt almost to the maximum, the pale skin bubbled under his top and gaped out of the gaps of its fastening. His trousers also seemed to be losing their fight, the piece of clothing seemed to hold in one piece just in a pure miracle. The waistband tightened around his waist more and more and imprisoned him in its tight jail.
“I do hope this isn’t about revenge, that’s so boring and predictable!”
Only a few feet from the pool’s deep end, Sherlock stepped closer to John. He needed to break the spell.
John tells himself he can do this. He sits down on the cushion, then lies flat on his back, keeping at least an inch of space between them.
Sherlock grumbled about “saving the unsavable” as he took off his robe and dressed.
John watches as Sherlock searches his mum’s eyes. John wonders if Sherlock finds what he needs.
John bites his lip, then Sherlock answers hoarsely, “Soon.”
John sniffed. Despite it all, he was still attracted to Sherlock. The swanky bastard had given John the most erotic dreams of his entire life, for Chrissake. Sure, Sherlock had pursued him, but it wasn’t as if Sherlock was some letcher preying on him.
He sees it all so clear: His big brother sitting across from him on hands and knees in the sand.
He’d promised. Why had he promised?
"In the morning." She turns. She jingles the keys to the station. "At first light they will be back to pick us up." She retreats inside, taking most of the swarm of mosquitos with her.
He’s right, of course, the wanker.
She spun around with a spring in her step. John watched her hips sway as she walked down the hallway. Nice legs, but there was something intangible about her that also intrigued him.
"Let's head back then."
“It’s complicated.” The man on the bed sighs, a struggle warring behind those eyes. “I don’t know who I am,” he whispers.
Fuck. He kicked the bathroom door.
“Oh God,” John cries, his body quivers as he struggles to stay upright on his knees. He feels like he's being pushed across the bed by Sherlock's cock.
"A bit of fight from my captain. That's good. I like a good tumble." He holds John's arms in place above his head.
He’s the most patient yet most caustic man I’ve ever known. Number four on the BAMF blog fits John perfectly: “Inhale patience, but exhale irritation.” On our last case, he sat on a bench in the cold London rain for hours while I sat with Rosie at home. Our suspect was a comical figure of a man who was last seen sporting a green cap, an enormous walrus mustache, and feet wading in Wellingtons four sizes too big. That whole time, John didn’t eat, had only one coffee, and still he remained stoic at the stake out.
Most of the students had cleared the hall by now. The only few remaining were suck-ups or brown-nosers hoping to charm to the prof.
been using then."
He feels at times that someone is watching. He wonders if it's Sherlock waiting—for what he doesn't know. He was to be married soon. It may even be today, he thinks. Why isn't Sherlock here? John needs answers. He could be staying in one of the bungalows on the island. John's checked around them. They are locked tight with no sign of anyone being around, though. All but the largest one near the boat look like no one has used them for some time.
I leave Lestrade as I text John. He still hasn’t been able to reach Sandra. I walk along the leaf-covered street as I call for a cab. It has begun to rain. No park today, I think.
Interesting that John was returning to the point of conflict. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. John enjoyed bumping heads.
Only a speck is this tiny tech buried inside my brain. Referred to as the "modicum tempus" since one has little time before one's brain liquefies into mush when the prisoner strays too far from the source. In this case, the source was in the hands of my keeper. I do know where the source is—hidden in his safe. As if I couldn't open it, but to do that I needed to be well. My fate is in the hands of Paylar the Terrible, ah! Now I recall my keeper's name!
Not long ago in this very spot, he watched John Watson. Then Sherlock attributed his fascination as macabre— a serial killer stalking his prey. He was so wrong.
“You don’t know Sherlock. He’s not easy to ignore.” John took another sip from his mug.
“What?!” He’s pleased that it’s the first rise he’s gotten out of her. John would be pleased too.
"Do not trust him," Sherlock warned. His eyes met John's and narrowed. His brow wrinkled one second; the next his long legs catapulted him up into his own bed. The bed slats above John's head sagged under Sherlock's weight.
“It was never about you, Sophy. My sister was as ill as are you. Even as a child, you embraced the atrocities she did, and you helped her kill Redbeard. You encouraged her behavior!”
Greg sighs. "I guess I'll take that sandwich then. Do you know how long it's going to be?"
"Be sure to tell me if they get too tight," Sherlock says and John nods.
, he thought.
"Wait," I said. I shivered and gritted my teeth. "You already knew what happened to the dog, didn't you? "
John sighed. He decides to confide in her. “He’s trying to remember, and it’s coming back in bits. I’m certain head trauma may have aggravated it, but it’s not the reason he doesn’t remember.”
“What bomb?” John’s head throbbed. The pen had taken the syringe’s place.
“Not long ago I considered myself married to my work,” Sherlock says, closing his eyes. “I said many disparaging things about relationships. But now…” His face feels hot, but his heart rate is slowing, and he can breath. He’s still a bit dizzy, but he’s not going to lose consciousness. He thinks he can live with a bit of blushing.
“This is from my sister.”
John stood up straight. He really needed to check on Sherlock. It’s not like any of his captives were going anywhere. No way they could untie themselves. The only other way would be to drag the kitchen furniture with them. Impossible to get over the snowbank and out the door.
“I hardly think that’s possible. The man never sees anyone.”
Finally a time comes when the torment subsides, and I realize my plan has worked. I used all that I learned from the men Paylar “loaned” me to who thought they could take me and own me. Through those men I learned about this kind and merciful doctor. Those feeble-minded men thought Dr. Watson was a fool. There is nothing foolish in kindness and mercy.
John instinctively reaches out and traces the length of his cock, over and over and over until Sherlock arches up, quivering. He reaches inside and squeezes his cock. It's long, hard and smooth. He watches Sherlock's eyes flutter as he comes, his spunk coating the inside of his shorts and John's hand.
"I bet you aren't. They're children's reading textbooks. I don't know if you ever read any of those."
John Watson
He takes a seat in the chair by my bed.
“Or mutiny them,” John says, and bounces on his toes as Sherlock clears his throat. “Sorry.”
Then there were the murders, and how he was pulled into it all. Almost planned—  as if someone wanted the detective’s attention. And he
John recalls a silhouette, cradling his violin like a lover. Moving the bow with passion. John wants to be Sherlock’s passion. John wipes his eyes and gets out of bed. He stands in the doorway and listens as Sherlock finishes his Sonata in his mind.
He stopped, running his finger across the dresser, and cringed before he blew the dust from his hand. “My, my what a lovely place you have.”
She laughs and sits up straight. The vinyl on the padded metal chair squeaks as she does. Her hands are clasped on the table in front of her.
As he’s halfway up the stairs, I latch onto his ankle and pull him down. “Get out,” I say.
As soon as dark begins to fall, people stay inside and lock doors to keep safe. If they do leave, they go in numbers and don’t go far unless they are lucky enough to afford transportation.
Sherlock shifts to
"It's cold," I said.
“I’ll see you at the morgue then? Molly will be ecstatic! I’ll let you two get...dressed.”
“Get out,” Sherlock said, pulling his coat off.
“I think you should be afraid of me,” William whispers, his voice shaking.
"Your brother is an ass."
“I will lay the groundwork, John. Then I will go to see Lestrade. It may get messy. I rather you weren’t there.”
The iodine in the air grows stronger, and John asks about the odor. One of the men looks at him puzzled, but the other points to the shore where the plants from the bottom seem to have washed ashore to ferment in the sun.
His mind runs over what Molly told him today in the morgue— Helena told her that she had concerns about Molly working with Sherlock so closely.  She showed Molly the “infamous folder” Molly was shocked. She says she didn’t believe it— that Sherlock is some serial killer. Helena said that Molly’s blind when it comes to Will
“It’s necessary that he thinks I am dead. James will be watching him. Nothing can happen to him.”
He put on his coat and wrapped his scarf around his neck. “Go around and cut down Mary, I’ll check the snares,” he said.
“Any other memories creeping into that big brain of yours?”
“Leave now!”
He'd nodded at John's bandaged hand. He even started to reach out to touch it. John's breath caught in his throat, but Sherlock changed his mind and flipped over a card instead.
I’m not ready to tell him. Not yet.
“Think what people would do, would pay,” she says. “I’m not a greedy person by nature. I don’t want much.”
She inspects her perfectly manicured pink nails, then looks at him like he’s an insect. Time to put her in her place. “You are the Nappy Bag lady. That’s what Dr. Watson called you.”
"It was who I ran into, or, I should say, who ran into me."
"You've read the island's rather notorious history," Sherlock says, sipping tea from a thermos as they walk. It seems like blasphemy, but it's the only way to keep the bugs out. "But it's had many other visitors."
“I know it’s difficult to live in such close quarters with someone you don’t trust, but sometimes it’s a necessary evil. I don’t know what happened between you, but I’d be willing to bet it does have something to do with assistant professor Moriarty. He didn’t have to tell me, but I know that they had some sort of bad falling out.”
“I want to see that CCTV footage and find out what Mycroft has planned for us.”
“So you assumed he was dead.”
"Still, it wasn't enough. He became greedy. He took artwork. To cover the thefts and explain the missing pieces, he had you write a note to your father."
John was beginning to understand Sherlock's intense dislike for his brother. He was a nosey, arrogant bastard.
“John,” he says, opening one eye getting used to the light. “You may call me Will. I see you’re ready for your day to end. No surgery tomorrow.”
He tucked my head under his chin. "John, your teeth are chattering. That and shivering are the first signs. But not serious ones, yet."
“I don’t mean you personally,” Mycroft says, exasperated with them both. “What does makes one person ordinary and another extraordinary? Is it mappable?”
“Nothing. But I
--------------
All I need to do is send one word more to John.
As they carry me to the dock, they drop me. Three times. Despite their bumbling, I still could not get the Glock. They attempt to stand me up like a toy soldier on the dock but instead I’m more like one of Rosie’s wobble toys. Calhoun is pressed against my back and holding my shoulders. Norbury shakes me by the front of my coat. I see a crack of light through the door to the warehouse. It groans, but neither of them notice. A shadowy figure slips through. A soldier, a doctor, my best friend.
“And he knew it might be us?”
“Ohhh, let’s!” the man shoots back, words dripping in sarcasm.
“This place is drab, dull, and the company equally so,” he says darkly, eyeing the two new folders she holds at her side.
"I'd think espionage novels would be your kind of thing."
I feel more peace as his cool, careful hands check my bandages and IV, the hands of Doctor John Watson.
The files are endless, but he wades through them. He must find out where she’s stashing all of them! Probably one of the buildings adjacent to the house. As he searches through, so much of the property acquired through Kradites’ operations are by Andropa.
“Mycroft texted. He said it’s late, and he’d already planned to keep Rosie overnight,” John says. “He’ll bring her back in the morning. Wouldn’t be surprised if he had Anthea run out and buy a fancy bed for her.”
"I think I hear...people," John says as they near the research station.
“Need a ride home?” the woman asks flatly. It’s not who he expects, but she’s exactly as John described. And she could be Helena’s long lost sister. Same taste in clothes. Precisely dressed, fitted suit, expensive trainers. Monotone voice, detached attitude and attachment to cell phones. And the man must be the accomplice John referred to in the note. Eyebrows, was it? The nickname is no misnomer.
“And I have drawings,” Sherlock says. “Either can be acquired. I need you to describe to me something you know about Mycroft that can’t be reduced to photo or simply extracted.”
—————————-
Lestrade slaps the list down on his desk. “You’re suggesting I knew and did
Each day they walk. Each day farther. John feels more and more like himself. Or unlike. He only knows that he's happy.
. When Sherlock wiped the resin off John’s bottom lip with his thumb, John began to stutter.
Last night he'd gone out for a drive, pulled into the rest stop and watched and waited, and did nothing. Today, in the light of day, he'd done it: turned into the rest area, parked, and gotten out. This morning he'd taken the pen he'd stashed in his glove compartment and he'd scratched his need on the stall. This morning, he'd changed everything.
He stands defeated. The irony! He must leave his own mind, or he will go mad from it!
that John loved. Pendleton was accidentally taken from his body by an overanxious angel before his time had come. To make up for the error, he was returned to life in the body of a murdered millionaire named Farnsworth.
“I remember her,” he says in a hushed voice, “but nothing of that night. What happened in that fire or what happened to her after.”
,” Sherlock nods and says to her.
Every time John closes his eyes he watches the video unfold. He can't help replaying it. With his eyes open, he hears it. John's certain it's the same for Sherlock, but he's gauging John's reactions. He will catch Sherlock watching him, and it's not a Sherlock who's deducing. He's a reflective, contemplative Sherlock who measures John. At rest, walk, or making tea, he hovers behind as if he thinks John could shatter at any moment and he will need to be there to pick him up.
"In any case, I know that you are in need of ready money. At least let me pay your expenses at the university. I would be willing to cover your tuition, room and board, and any, shall we say, other expenses, in exchange for information? Nothing personal, only where my brother's been, who he's seeing."
He’s down the hall and to Sophy’s room. He tries the knob, and unlike his mind mansion, this door is unlocked. The guard has earbuds in, a connection to Sophy, but not at the moment. He’s listening to music on this cell. When Sherlock opens the door, it groans a bit. He’s definitely not 007!  Sherlock’s head jerks up to check the guard, certain the guard has heard, yet the guard doesn’t seem to notice.
. Eventually, John would wonder and lick his lips.
An ambulance arrives, which surprises John. Mycroft must have waved some hefty donations under Beca’s nose. Sherlock holds John’s hand as they shift John gently onto the gurney. John knows a few of the emergency medical team who lift him: Thomas and Arthur, or Art, as he likes to be called. John chats them up a bit as they check and strap John in.
"A hobbit?"
Mycroft looks at him and scratches the back of his neck. “Yes. Is that a cat?” Mycroft asks, nodding the ball of black fur in Sherlock’s arms.
"Ah, and where the Army's fenced off this bit here," John points. He tries to make sense of Sherlock's various markings. Some are obvious, but others look like contour lines that don't match the topography of the city. Fractions are penciled in between the lines. "What are these?"
“He really took his anger out on your face,” John says. “How’s your head?”
. You don't know it? It's by John le Carré. How could you not know that? He's British."
“I’m afraid that’s not possible. He’s something of a recluse.”
"Sherlock, do not play games with me. I know it was the other way around. That is why you are in the horrid mitten-shaped land of swamps and mosquitoes. You followed Moriarty."
John shakes his head as he puts on his jacket. I know John’s sudden urge to go to Tesco was prompted by the text message. Usually I wouldn’t hesitate to ask what the message is, but I can deduce it easily. Besides, he’s already out the door and down the stairs.
Sherlock kicks the gun away from Sophy’s reach. He then gently turns John toward him. Mycroft stands and brushes off his trousers.
“Bye, Mike.” John put down the phone then went to the closet and put on his coat and boots.
“What?”
“I wonder how well you really understand my brother...or yourself. Sherlock is in love with danger. He lives for the rush, the adrenaline racing, his heart pumping. Danger is the force that drives him. That same force drives you, Dr. Watson. I have seen your army record. You took just as many unnecessary risks as my brother. I do not think that has changed.”
He didn't even have to convince Sherlock. It had been almost too easy.
John smiled. Sherlock wasn't certain how to interpret the smile. But then Sherlock noted a sparkle in his eyes. He bounced on the bed with glee and his smile widened.
"Huh. So you'll actually have to acknowledge our existence and talk to us," John says.
At ten o’clock, someone knocks loudly on the door downstairs.
“A reclusive braggart? Fascinating. Even more reason for me to meet him.”
John tried to sit back as James spun around on the desk, closer to John, but he was wedged tight in between the desk and wall.
His eyes didn’t want to cooperate. Shuffling feet. Someone crouched beside him. A sharp slap and John’s head snapped back with a bang into cold metal behind him.
"I suppose Mary isn't even her real name."
"Do you know how to play euchre?" John asked.
and opens it. The skeleton key looks out at them all.
I decide to answer the door and leave John to his blog (again).
“Believe me. You are no monster. Far from it.”
“Bloody hell! How long?”
John asked with concern. His roommate seemed to have fallen into a trance-like state. John was beginning to question whether it wasn't Sherlock who was the one a bit touched.
“A millionaire. He made most of his fortune in real estate. He's owned various companies. And yes, a few are pharmaceutical. He’s a recluse— before the Pandora, he was visible but only intermittently. After Pandora, he’s become a mystery— it’s rumored he’s housed in the top floor of one of the tallest buildings in Cardiff.
Sherlock decides the best way is to show and retrieves the laptop from the coffee table.
John and Molly walk out together, stopping at the nurses’ station. “Do you really think he’s lost his memory, or is he hiding something?” Molly asks as she parks herself next to the desk.
"I've always been here. I camped over on the east side. I wasn't certain if you were up to speaking to me, which was confirmed by what you'd written and stuffed inside that bottle."
“It is the script.”
Moran tucked his gun away, then grabbed John under his arms, and Mary watched and scribbled something on the pad. They lifted John onto wobbly legs. She patted him on the shoulder.
John smiles brightly at his answer. It’s resplendent! William feels something odd in his chest. His own lips turn into a slow smile in return. It feels odd on his face, but he can’t stop.
What must Mary think? What did you tell her? And why? Dear Lord, why? All because, what? Some cryptic message from you about saving my life? Please, someone save my life. Not from her. From you!
——————————————————————--
Sorry the chapter was delayed a day, and thank you for waiting! We made some last minute changes to our story, which we know you'll enjoy (now and down the road). In this chapter we have Will's POV. He's playing violin, cards and John (but only in his mind).
“I was coming home this weekend and wondering if you’d like to go out for a beer or two?”
Sherlock beams at him like John has just complimented him at a crime scene. The similarity should be disturbing to John, but it's natural. Right.
“He killed Redbeard, you know, not intentionally. He was careless. Sherlock is often careless,” she continued. “He’s responsible for you being here right now.”
He wondered what she’d given him.
“Why don’t I use your blogger’s gun?” she says, reaching out. One of her men places John’s service revolver in her hand. She points the gun at Sherlock’s head.
John gulps for breath as I clutch his legs.
“You are welcome.” William sits up a bit more in bed. “The detective mentioned he was here yesterday to speak to me, but you told him I was in having an MRI.”
“We should take it slow.”
John interrupts, "But you can draw. Maybe you're a designer yourself, or an artist."
"It's just for a few laughs, Ellen," his dad used to tell his mom.
“I see you tried reading some of mine.” John nods to his collection. He’s done with breakfast and clearing off the table. Sherlock stands and helps.
Sherlock took the hinged bottom jaw of the lion in hand and rapped. His hand thrust inside the lion's savage maw was itself enough to give a person nightmares, truth be told.
"You didn't seem interested," John said.
I grasp my knees and worry them with my fingers.
John nods, scanning the document. “You okay?” John asks.
“What’s your name?” John says.
Sherlock tries to grimace, but the effect is more like a twitch of his mouth. Whatever is she blabbering on about? Her brother?
As Sherlock held his gun on Moran, it seemed to be a stand off.
“Memory loss from head injury,” John says, giving what he feels may be the most plausible diagnosis. “You’ve had more than one. One old injury. Here.” John points the back of his own head. ”Hard to say how long ago. Possibly two years or more. The other injury here is fairly recent— the last few months. Have you experienced seizures before this?”
“Go,” John says, waving me off. “I’ll keep trying Sandra. If not, I’ll catch up to you as soon as I get … someone.”
John nodded. "So this is more than just handcuffing and leaving you on the bed. Did he...?"
"That has promise. But we need more background. Some story behind it. Including the cord."
“Do you always keep your gun loaded in your nightstand?” Will asks.
“It’s important that Ms. Sophy Kratides doesn’t find out I’ve returned,” he calls back. “I don’t want her looking for me and finding Sherlock in the process.” The way he spits out her name there’s no disguising his contempt for her.
"In the interest of creating the scene, you need to struggle," Sherlock says, rolling on top of him. "Safeword?" he asks, eyebrows raised.
Sherlock head popped over the edge of the bed. In one fluid motion, he flipped off the top bunk and was sitting next to John. Right in John's space. Again.
"Correct. But it still has a charge, and I said there was a video I needed you to watch." Sherlock presses his lips together as he hands John his mobile.
"You do," he says, his voice hushed. They both walk tread more quietly.
“Oi! Will?” He blinks awake into the real world with John shaking his shoulder. “You okay?” The doctor stares into his eyes and frowns. “Might be a form of seizure.”
read the instruction card here, beside the door, before you enter a room. Here, you see, there’s a note to keep the lights low. This patient’s got a head injury and unless there’s a medical need, we don’t want to go blinding him when he wakes up. He’s still unconscious, so: keep your voices low and we’ll just peek inside so you can see how the room’s set good morning, Doctor Watson.” Mike says this last without breaking rhythm, though he looks slightly surprised to see John. John attempts to squint the sleep away from his eyes.
One more piece of data. Not exactly what he wanted.
“Glad to know I’m so transparent.” He’s looking to see what Will read.
Knowing this, he’d have to quit his work study
Sherlock understands loss. He’s lost it all. His past. And now John. It’s what’s inside the locket for Sophy Kratides. A woman. He says he has no feeling because that’s what he’s told himself he wants. But justice? She believes he doesn’t care about that. She wants it. He knows she also wanted it from Lord Blackwood. Her message back to Sherlock is one word.
“Here,” Sherlock says, taking John’s hand from his face and placing it on his crotch.
“The effects of the ketamine should be wearing off soon,” Mary said. “Seb, help John stand.”
“You don’t know who you are,” John repeats.
Will didn’t know stating a stuffed animal’s name would cause such anguish. “It’s written on the back of the photo,” he explains. “Mary wrote it. I could make out the impression.”
“I thought we already explained,” John calls up. “No water after bed!”
“Aww. Someone’s a liar!” Sherlock says, rubbing his forehead. She’s not denying who she is though.
Sherlock growls in answer and snatches the bowl of double chocolate caramel off the night table. Holding it in one hand, he reaches into the bowl with his other to scoop out a handful. John squeaks and his hips jerk about trying to escape as Sherlock raises an eyebrow and smears John’s entire groin with the melting goo.
The scrubs reveal the evidence, and Sherlock hand flies to cover it. Too late. John has noticed and licks his lips.
"The name. It means hope, expectation. I am such a frigging idiot."
"And I believe you're not going to give me one."
------------------------
"That's good." John took another bite.
“In his mind palace. Has he told you of that?”
Of course Sherlock, make me reimagine the plot for the rest of the story! Next chapter may take a bit longer...
He takes one last look at his attic home, his hodge-podge cushion bed, his sketches of people from his mind, then he hands a crate to John and picks up the other. John steps down the ladder first, and Will shuts the trapdoor. He’s glad he left his sketches on the walls to keep the boxes company. It’s only clapboard, but it’s people’s lives: Children’s handmade Christmas ornaments wrapped in newspaper and bubble wrap.
He hated to disappoint her, but she'd find out soon enough. Molly waved a half-hearted goodbye as she climbed the steps of the Chem building, and John continued on his way back to his dorm. On his way he pulled out the
I dress and come out of my room. No need to put it off. I take out the cleaning supplies that Mrs. Hudson had set aside for me.
—————————
“No, don’t.” John shook his head in disbelief as Sherlock placed the gun back on the table.
want Sherlock to remember?”
Sherlock immediately saw John's hand hesitate with the Coke can up to his lips. He gave Sherlock another curious lift of his eyebrows before returning to his text.
John follows with a couple of crates in his hands into the closet that leads to Will’s attic. Will moves away the boxes on the shelf that help hide the trap door. Although John’s favoring his left leg again, he leaves his cane inside the closet and climbs the ladder.
“He spent years in counseling. It did some good. He recovered most of his memories of his childhood except those of his sister. We kept the photos of her around for years hoping he’d remember her. It only disturbed him more that he couldn’t, so we packed them away.”
William takes a deep breath. He wants to tell John to please keep his eyes on the road, but John is interested in what he’s saying, so he forges ahead: “For example, often there are hairs not matching those of the subject. I recognized immediately if they belonged to the subject and if they were human or not! I know dog from cat and breed distinctions. I observed other fibers. I know what and where they originated. Even the dirt on shoes, I could say where they’d been recently! It's not magic— it's science, comparing data from the subject against a catalog of prior observations." He looks out the windscreen. "I am not sure how I came to know such information, but I have it. In here along with all scientific terminology paired with it,” he said and tapped his head. "It could all be made up. Except people seem to think my conclusions are correct enough to get upset about them."
He pulls out his cell and texts Sophy.
“Liar,” she coughs, her voice low and strained.
“Brilliant!” John says, then thinks on it a bit more. “But why would your brother be so cruel? He let your poor mum think he was dead! She was in pain. And all those months he…”
"We have more than enough of an air supply. It's the cold that's a minor concern."
“One doesn’t have to be his assistant to know he has a mole on his arse. Any whore would know that…”
"I left you a spy novel you still haven't read."
. This distraction was working well for both of them. John had moved closer to him with a foot of space between them for the cards, and John was fascinated and fascinating. As Sherlock flipped and slipped the cards with his well-trained fingers, he noticed John licking his lips. Another promising sign!
There was a bit of excitement, then all went back to normal, or as normal as a birthday party at Cardiff Infirmary could be.
“I can give you the specifics for each person. However, just one search of their desks and laptops will confirm the majority of it.”
“She killed that poor man just to make her point? Seems extreme.”
Molly laughs. “The best part was when the mother told you that Sherlock wasn’t a girl’s name, and then named her 'Watson'!”
