A strange look came over the other man’s face and Tony had the inexplicable urge to explain himself. “Well – it’s nobody, really. He’s just a kid from Brooklyn. Some guy named –”
Steve was on a separate screen in a moment, accelerating towards their friend. It was a sight that filled Tony with fresh anxiety and relief. He bounded up the car with the lid of a garbage can, which crumpled like an accordion with one swipe of metal. Then, the assassin sent Steve flying backward with a powerful kick to the torso.
Steve and Tony talk.
Steve pulled his mouth in a grim line. “Not exactly,” he mentioned as he walked by, and followed Nat to the creek where their horses were drinking.
The background faded as his eyes focused on the accessory on his husband’s wrist, the anniversary gift he made but never got to give.
It was an obsession, perhaps, this aspiration of creating the perfect spinner to defy the forces of nature, and spin forever in an eternal dance of joy. Indeed, he was a dreamer, as all his friends said, but even the stars had once been rocks that never ceased to rise.
“Tell me what?” Steve’s eyes narrowed suspiciously as his heart started pounding.
Tony blinked at the sight of Queen Sarah, in a white, embroidered garment that grazed her ankles. Her fair hair was braided with white daisies that complemented the gold circlet around her head. She held up a basket of freshly-baked bread rolls. “Can I come in? I won’t stay long. Just bringing you breakfast.”
“Tony. You’ve nothing to be jealous about. Captain Rogers has known her since he came out of the ice. But he chose you. Stop ogling, and googling, and get us some drinks, will you?” Pepper urged, nudging Tony towards the bar with a light tap to his behind.
“I had him on the ropes,” Steve said, dusting himself off.
For a long period of time, all he could hear was silence, except for the painful beating of his heart.
“Your father,” he said. “I knew him.”
last thing, a pretty important thing, but not terribly urgent, even if the ever-responsible Steve had other ideas.
"What?" Steve asked, certain he'd heard him wrong.
“Tony, that’s a fable,” Steve said and tried to lead him away.
“No, no, Tony, watch this. Look! Don’t close your eyes,” Steve pleaded, as his voice rose above the sound of hot tears falling onto the marbled floor.
Tired of running, Tony raised his arms and crossed them protectively in front of his face. The heat from his fingertips travelled down his arms, gathering power where they crossed. As he brought his arms down by his sides, a bright ball of fire sped toward Obie and scorched his face.
The only thing that Ferrumarx lacked was his treasure, which he had to leave behind that disastrous night. And while he’d visited Shieldberg a couple of times under the cover of darkness, he always took care to stay out of sight, and was content merely to see and not touch.
Tony stared at the man. He was right. He could not be more different from Steve. But he was tall and blonde and rather charming under the moonlight. And he was friendly and understood Tony’s work and loved to talk about Science stuff with him. And for some reason, Tony was feeling flushed despite the cool breeze. And the world began spinning.
“Shawarma?” he asked.
“Edwin likes them so you’ll just have to compromise. Three each sound fair?” she teased, before relenting at the sight of his disappointed face. “I’m kidding, dear. You can have the batch. I’ve got a slice of his favourite lemon cake. And I’m baking a new one tomorrow.”
The whole time they had been together, Steve had been guided by a singular thought - to be the very best for Tony, to make him the happiest person on Earth, but now he knew - that even his best would never be enough.
“Warm enough?” Steve asked, after covering him carefully with the duvet so he felt warm, so warm, inside and out.
He hit the button without waiting for an answer. Then, Nat urged Pierce toward the control room with a well-placed gun at the dip of his back.
Tony’s brows shot up. “We- we’re not sleeping together?”
The horn sliced through Steve’s leather gauntlet, splattering blood on his chainmail. Steve barely even flinched from the pain, but in order to avoid the inevitable maiming of his fingers –
“Why?” she asked. “We’re down to our last one.”
Tony had never seen them before.
He sent the requisition to SI for a new suit before taking out the sewing kit for a few quick stitches.  With the company’s reputation on the line, it wouldn’t do for Steve to be seen with tears in the uniform. And it could be some time before the replacement arrived, even though he’d marked it as
“You all right there?” Steve asked, amused and alarmed by Tony’s verbal abuse of the indefatigable droid.
His brain screamed as he nodded in satisfaction at the poetic justice he'd served. Finally, he deployed his jet boots and rocket propulsion systems.
“Sorry, what were you - lying?” Tony asked as he flipped the screen towards the director. It had the plan for a missile.
Tony jumped, surprised by his husband’s voice. He whipped his head around and stared, gazing upon Steve’s well-muscled torso, still glistening from exercise.
“He sounds like a real swell fella,” Steve inferred, his voice sounding flat and hollow.
Tony pouted. “That’s what you said - about me.”
“Daddy, there are two of 'em!” he cried.
“I didn’t want you to be alone,” he said.
After burying the heartstone, Lord Erskine had cast a series of concealment charms to prevent its discovery. Then, Steve had planted the heartewoode seed right over the treasure, certain that the rare sacred tree would discourage excavation of any sort.
A dark blue mantle hung over Steve’s broad shoulders, which covered a silk tunic and the close-cut trousers that flattered his build. The look, complete with the gold diadem atop his head, was very impressive, and one that Tony highly approved of – apart from the persistent frown on an otherwise-handsome face.
“Why would it be?” Steve asked, eyebrows furrowed together into a little knot. “I have no grudge against your kind. I mean, sure, dragons are terrifying, in general. But I could never be afraid of Tony - or you.” With a faraway look in his eyes, Steve continued, “Tony would be a dracafyre, like you, with all of his burning ideals and his passion for life. His wings would be magnificent, yet light and powerful. He wouldn’t stop making weapons. Yeah, he'd just use his powers to make them instead. Tony would know better than anyone else – how there’s no furnace hotter than a dracafyre’s mouth.”
Natasha had to attend a committee hearing on Capitol Hill, basically told the government to kiss her ass. Bucky attended hearings of his own, and was pardoned for his crimes while acting under HYDRA’s control.
“None of that is your fault, Steve,” he said, wishing that Steve would believe that, even if he didn’t believe anything else.
*** The End ***
. He might also need one of those holotables he saw in the
From behind the furious beast, Tony spied two growing specks in the sky. “You might want to look into the icing problem,” he said.
But bit by bit, Steve, his attractive, sweet, full-of-surprises husband had chipped away at the resentment and awkwardness that came with an arranged marriage and Tony thought he was ready. To move to the next step. To make their marriage real. Tony forgot that a real marriage involved two people who felt the same way. Theirs apparently did not meet the necessary requirements.
It was an improvement, but not enough considering his processing faculties.
Obie growled with frustration and strained with the effort of reverting to his human form, but somehow, he managed to lunge at Tony and smack the lantern out of his hands.
“Barton is headed to the detention room.”
“Then I think I'll take my chances," he decided. "With you.”
I hope you like it!
A stumbling block.
“I must say,” Jarvis began, a dark look clouding his face. “There have been a few things troubling me about your parents’
The sound of footfalls, too soft for Steve’s boots, caused his ears to prick up. It was followed by firm rapping against the wooden door. “Coming!” Tony shouted as he threw on his clothes and smoothed his hair. He took a deep breath and cracked the door open.
Tony rushed into the blazing stairwell, and worked desperately to douse the flames, but only made it to the second storey before the overwhelming fumes forced his retreat.
"If we don't do this, he might – he might never find out anyway," he said.
. Oh, no. That armour was silver and very, very bulky. The red and gold one was in
Steve frowned, squinting around the dim hall. “I don’t see him."
It started when he casually placed a set of screwdrivers in his basket while buying table linens at
Steve paused to wipe the corner of his mouth with a napkin. “I know a little bit from your profile, the one on-”
Killian turned to face him, looking at him with appraising eyes. “Here we are. Again. On top of the roof. And this time, you’ve brought me the suit.”
“I’m sorry! It’s an accident!” Tony gasped. “Steve!” he cried, looking stricken, as he reached for him and dropped his arms once more to the side.
“Can’t stop something that doesn’t exist. Can’t kill a man who’s already dead. You remember Agent Coulson, right?” Hill asked, when she saw Tony gawking at the man walking toward the car.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, his clammy palms almost letting go of the spear when he spotted a tentacle curling around the prince and lifting his motionless body toward the monster’s mouth.
“Our men will be happy to return them,” he said, smirking.
“Hey, Steve,” Rhodey added. “You best watch yourself.”
Steve had to remind himself to unclench his fist as the quill pierced his skin, but just as Bruce had promised, it was a mild discomfort compared to what he’d already been through. As always, Steve turned to face Tony, and Bruce, with an excellent technique and a gentle touch, extracted his blood, which he released into a tall canister and filled it to its brim.
Then, Phil’s voice was in his earpiece. “Iron Man, War Machine, we’ve got incoming. Hangar. It looks like a Hammeroid attack.”
The emperor looked him over with a sinister smile and his shrewd gaze came to rest on his relatively-bare fingers. “I take it the stones were used – to bring you back. That just means I get to kill you again. No resurrections this time.”
They stared at each other in silence, the tension between them mounting amidst the tentative ceasefire.
“What an enigma your father was,” Jarvis said, looking outside, eyes finally settling on the small road leading to the main house. “He expressly forbade you from driving, punished you for doing so, and finally decided on teaching you himself.”
,” Peter whispered, from behind the back of his hand.
Here we are, at the very end of Tony's journey!
Thanos looked at Wanda calmly, with an almost-bored expression on his face. “I said it was Stark’s fault. Where’s the lie in that? If not for his meddling, Max wouldn’t have changed his mind. Do you think I enjoyed watching him die? Max was one of the greatest dragons of all time.”
“Did he – did he make it there?”
“No, believe me, we do not. It’s an alpha thing,” the man told him, patting him on the back as he swept out of the room with some sort of urgency.
“Oh this is unacceptable. How, explain.” Doom's tone reminds him a little of a teacher scolding a student who just failed a softball of a test.  Steve pinches the bridge of his nose for patience.
“You’re coming to bed with me?”  He said, elated by this possibility, unable to think of why that might be incorrect.
People are shouting his name, but it doesn't seem to matter when the dark rears up and drags him under. He has a feeling of deja vu, then that too is swept away, and he's floating, and he's gone, gone,
“Who said it was a lie?” Steve gets out before he can think better of it.  Tony's eyes jerk up to his; wide, and shocked, and full of something Steve can't even begin to put a name to.
“I like Natasha, but Natasha isn't you.” Steve says softly, cutting him off before he can list anymore potential partners.
“Is this good?” Steve asks against his lips, breathing the question into Tony's mouth.
“High praise, but that's just it, you...you change me by your proximity. I'm not half as good at well-at anything as I am when I'm doing it next to you” He thinks of everything he's achieved in the past and present. He can measure success by which of his projects he feels Steve would be proud of. There's not a whole lot in his past as a defense contractor that fits that bill, but he's trying, and maybe it will never be enough, but then he thinks of the expression on Steve's face when he showed him the water treatment facilities going up all over the world, and he feels like he could make a home in this
“You fucking suck, Stark.” Clint says testily.
“Scoot over, come on then, coming down is pretty rough, isn’t it?”  Sarah was there, dressed in one of her long nightgowns, a robe belted around her waist.  She didn’t wait for a response, climbing into the bed and pulling Steve against her.  It was immediate, the rush of comfort and warmth.  He still felt jittery and out of sorts, his body was starting to ache, but the contact did something to him, made it all easier to bear.
and he wants, wants as he hasn't wanted something since before Afghanistan.
“Alright, maybe a little,"  He allows, with a smile, "but I love you as you are.” Sure his cheeks are burning hot enough to start a bonfire, and sure he just said that in front of all their friends, but it's not as if it's a secret. Tony flushes so deeply it looks to go all the way down to his toes. He takes a long sip of his drink, then sets it down, refusing to meet Steve's gaze as he does.
“Always, never better.” Tony lies.  Beside him Steve frowns; neither of them press the issue. For that, Tony is grateful.  “I'm...going down to the lab. Stuff to work on, got stuff I need. Need to do.” Tony chokes out when the silence goes on too long. Steve squeezes his hand but lets it go.
“I think it's called 'coconut cumplosion' or something. Why, do you want to taste it?” Tony asks with as much seriousness as he can muster, which isn't much. Steve chokes, and Tony waggles his eyebrows when Steve breaks out into some very undignified laughter. Light slants in through the windows, making the ends of Steve's hair glow gold. It's unfair that Steve can still look that good under fluorescent lighting, but he's looking at Tony as if he's thinking the same thing.
"Man, shut the hell up,"  Sam calls from behind them, but it seems like Hammer is just picking up steam.
The next few moments are filled with shouting and confusion as the entire train goes flipping off the tracks. Over the comms he can hear the other Avengers yelling as the train cars smash against the mountainside. Iron Man catches him up but the momentum sends them careening through brush, debris flies everywhere as they pinwheel through the sky. A giant piece of siding crashes into Iron Man's back and they slam into the ground at a roll. From a distance lightning strikes, lighting everything up with dazzling white light. Something catches on his wrist as he scrabbles for purchase on gravel and rock, and he feels the sickening snap through his whole body as his arm breaks with the impact. Everything turns upside down when Iron Man fires his boot repulsors and brings them up above the fray in a spinning arc. The sudden acceleration wrenches his injury, he can't help but groan through gritted teeth.
“You will wed of course, it is the only proper course of action.” Thor plows on, undeterred. Tony looks a little like a deer in headlights, but Steve eyes him contemplatively.
“Well I've got news for you Shellhead, prepare to be surprised.” Steve says with a grin, tossing a wink over at his best friend, and hopefully soon to be lover. Tony snorts, shaking his hands out and taking an easy loose stance across the mats. Despite Steve's plans, he has to admire the progress Tony has made in his hand to hand skills. Out of the armor he won't be able to do a whole lot against a supersoldier's speed and strength, but against a non-powered foe Tony does just fine.
“Not gonna order out?” Steve says, somewhat skeptical of his own abilities to put something together that Tony will like. He hopes Tony has potatoes.
“Hey! Don't waste food!.” Clint grabs the sausage off the floor, but loses it to Jan's quick fingers.
The article was full of pictures of Tony, a young Tony with a man labeled as his father, being paraded around society events. He didn’t look happy in those photos at all, just small and lonely, and far too young to be holding champagne glasses. There were photos from later, Tony at an inventions expo, Tony giving speeches and showing off incredible technology. Red carpet events and parties filled the pages with Tony in his press smile with a gorgeous date on each arm. There were yet more pictures as well, pictures of him on the arm of a tall muscular blond, with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes, and the same steady gloves and diamond choker he wore in the cover photo around his neck. More pictures followed of the pair at various functions, with Tony looking increasingly drunk and cornered. Sure he was smiling, but Steve had become a connoisseur of sorts of Tony’s smiles. These were anything but happy, regardless of how his partner seemed to be showing him around like a trophy with his own slick white shark’s grin. Steve felt his skin crawl just looking at the guy. What he read about the big palooka didn’t really help matters either:
“You don't have to say anything.” Steve said. “I just needed you to know that you are everything to me, no matter how long we've been apart.”
The fourth of July.
Tony’s eyes darted from Steve's eyes to his lips then back, his heart racing. “Stay.”
“Not what I meant and you know that.”
“I think you should cum on them.”
“Yeah.” Pepper said. “We all have ‘gotta do what we gotta do’. I'm sorry Tony but I'm done. I can't. I just can't. “
So he kept his kinky thoughts to himself. Even during the “mirror” strip scene. Working in unison like the two strippers required some seriously sexy talent, but looking at the clenching jaw of Steve, he decided to finish his drink instead of talking.
A knock at the door startled him, part of him forgot he was at the compound and not the tower so other people were actually around.
Watching his cock slide in and out of this man, this god, this hero who Tony just made cum against a fucking workbench...that was it.
Rotating his body, Tony lined up their bodies, both men on their sides to face the other. He rocked his hips on Steve's fingers, in turn rubbing his cock against the Steve's belly.
He opened the door to see a weathered, bearded, and fucking beautiful Steve Rogers standing in his doorway. Seeing him was a weird combination of feeling like a kid on Christmas and being punched in the gut. He had been so worried about jumping on Steve, or doing something equally embarrassing, when he saw him yet now he was paralyzed.
"To homelands." Thor echoed. "Now we must drink it in one go as to not shame our ancestors."
"Uh, to homelands then." Steve said.
Letting out a small whimper Tony lowered himself to the ground in between Steve’s legs, kissing and biting his way down.
“Initiating Pony sequence.” Jarvis replied.
One night he worked late into night. Drinking, working, same difference. He walked into the living room area where Steve was sprawled on the ground drawing in his sketchbook. It must have been engrossing since he didn't notice Tony sloppily sneaking up.
“Bucky, Bucky, Bucky.” Steve exhaled loudly.
Now his life revolved around the cell phone.
“Jarvis? Just like I told you. Please.”
Dear god.
“Mmmm. I did. You're such a good boy but we're not done yet.”
"According to your watch, my friend, it is a quarter to midnight." Thor said.
Running his fingers through the mess he made, Bucky picked up as much cum as he could and shoved it in Steve’s mouth. Steve sucked them clean and Bucky gave him more. He was in a lustful daze, taking in as much as could. Steve closed his eyes, letting taste and feel wash over him.
“Cap's alive.” Bruce said softly, like he knew that's really what Tony wanted to hear.
“Yeah? Business or pleasure?”
"It has it's own appeal." Steve said quietly as his fingertips ghosted over Tony's chest.
“I'm sorry about Bucky.” Tony said, trying to sound sincere.
Then the unforgettable timber of Steve. His Steve saying, no, begging, to be fucked harder. Steve “Language” Rogers, saying how much he wanted to be fucked. Tony was lost between coming in his pants and crying. It was so hot, so raw, so open, but it wasn’t him in there with Steve. No, he was coming all over in the sheets with another.
“He looks good, doesn’t he Tony?” Steve asked but the answer was obvious the way Tony couldn’t tear his eyes away from Bucky.
“They're big, huh?” Steve said, already knowing what Bucky wanted.
In a flash Steve was in front of him, eyes burning into Tony with a violent intensity. How could those baby blues be so dark?
“You aren’t going back to the tower?” Steve asked.
"The glory is in skill of your practice and long hours of training." Steve said with conviction. "And if the wind is blowing in the right direction."
Wasting no more time, Tony lunged for Steve, their lips colliding. The force Tony hit him with pushed Steve back.
“That's it, Tony. Now slide your dick under the panties.” Steve said.
“That’s cold!” Tony protested.
The next few weeks went by in a blur of activity. On the one hand everyone was always busy, working on simulations, finding intel on the stones, scouting to see where Thanos may have gone, and repairing damages done by battle. On the other hand Tony felt they were no closer to the purple dickwad than they were when they started. They were just spinning their wheels.
“He’s not the only driving me insane, big guy.” Tony said but does what Steve told him to.
The phrasing made Tony wonder if Steve meant Earth or back in the place they built up together, where they had been together.
“Yes.” Tony almost hissed.
Collapsing onto the bed next to Tony, Steve tried to breath but he almost sounded like he was wheezing. Bucky fell in line on the other side of Tony so they made a Stark sandwich.
“Libertine.” Steve said again.
“It feels like sleep to the freezing.”
Part of Tony always thought of Steve as the blushing virgin type, that image was quickly erased. Lips of an angel that moved like sin. A strong tongue that knowingly worked it's way into Tony's mouth.
Until the witch messed with his brain and he saw everyone he cared for dead. He saw that face, Steve's face, dying. He was the one Tony ran to. The one he can't live without.
For a moment Steve only stared at him, maybe the cat got his tongue. “Actually, I wanted to show you something or give it to you, if you want it, that is.”
Only a few minutes into the movie someone plopped down on the couch next to him, making him almost leap off the couch. He hadn’t heard anything, too engrossed in the reunion between Mike and the other guys.
They could fail in their mission. They could all die in a cloud of dust.
Love, lust, whatever it was, Tony was hooked like never before. So like any elementary school boy with a crush, Tony pulled at Steve’s metaphorical pigtails. Not that he didn’t give everyone a hard time but he really worked at riling Steve up. He would push and Steve would just push right back. The tension built in the lab. Yeah, it was there between everyone thanks to Loki but between he and Steve? That was magic. It almost came to blows. It may seem strange to want to be hit by that man. Sometimes contact is contact. Either way you feel alive. Then everything went to crap. And they worked together so seamless and unified.
Since then his black little heart had only burned for the capsicle.
“Then how about we just shut up and watch the movie.” Tony said.
Steve finally moved; he closed his eyes, welcoming the pain of the images that flashed before them, welcoming the pleasure that followed.
swirled away with the wind.
From then on, Steve had been practically a witness to the avalanche that were his emotions. Every time Tony aimed a smile at him, talked to him, glanced at him, or even called him some stupid name would cause a turning of his stomach, a rush of oxytocin to his brain.
Sometimes he wished he could forget all the things that made up his love for Tony Edward Stark, but was immediately struck by waves of guilt upon the thought. He knew for certain that losing his memories of Tony would be a pain far worse than the seemingly insurmountable grudge between them.
T’Challa, who had become a reliable and genuine friend over the past two years, drifting away with a hand out to help his general to her feet.
Maria Hill, who stood by her boss until her last moments in his mind’s eye.
And Steve had just left him, lying there, prone to hypothermia and trapped in a suit of his own making.
Their faces haunted him, even in daylight. He would turn around to tell Bucky an idea, or just some crazy thought, only to find empty air. He kept expecting to see Wanda and Vision walking together through the Wakandan city, or Sam grinning at him, ready with some smart-ass remark. Every time, he was disappointed, and every time, the abyss in his chest swallowed more of his heart. With each pulse he could feel the foundation that held up his morals crumbling, and he knew he wasn’t the only one.
“Tony.” Steve said quietly. “I want you to touch yourself.”
When he could open his eyes again, Steve found Bucky and Tony standing in front of him, looking smug. In a way this was all their fault but they didn’t have the upper hand this time and they were nowhere near being done for the night.
“Next time I’ll just have to mark both of you.”
“Well, I'll go, let you think about.” Steve started to move towards the door.
Tony had been close to cumming since Steve walked in the room so he could go any second. He wanted to be a gentleman though and let Steve cum first. Now he could focus on that white fire pooling in his gut.
For once in his life, Tony’s mind was blissfully blank. Everything was just sensation, feeling guiding him. His skin felt semipermeable, so thin that Steve’s skin, sweat, and essence flowed in to Tony. And Tony flowed back.
“Tony!” Steve moaned.
“C’mon Tony, take your clothes off.”
“What he’s doing isn’t even that hard.” Rolling his eyes, Steve pointed at the screen. “I do more complicated moves in my sleep.”
“What? Really?” Tony was a little shocked that Bruce was actually letting someone in, maybe this really was the end of the universe. “Do I know them?”
“Why is it different? Because I'm not genetically modified? I forget sometimes that I'm just a fragile human living among gods.” Tony scoffed.
“You got a minute?” Steve asked him. “I wanted to show you something.”
“Guilty.” Tony said. “But this was way better than I even imagined.”
“Thank you but I don't really want to talk about him.” Pain was evident on Steve's face.
“So no.”
“Come here, Tony.” Steve said.
Things became slow again. Steve was gone a lot. In a way, it was probably a good thing. But Tony missed him. He felt the ache all the way to his bones.
When Tony’s brain kicked on again, he was leaning against Steve, both of them sweaty and breathing hard.
“Touch your dick, Steve.”
Tony looked like the cat that got the cream while Bucky glared at the other dark haired man.
The group started swapping war stories before too long. Tony excused himself to his rooms, he hadn't talked to Pepper yet.
Tony wiped them away, “We're okay.”
“Not likely.” Bucky said, his voice breathy. “You’re the brains, remember?”
“Oh Tony that's good. Keep using that perfect mouth. I swear it was made for this.”
Suddenly Steve walked out of the room before Tony could argue. Well how did he fuck that up so royally?
Maybe if Mike did push-ups or something Steve would have to match him. Maybe.
Obediently Steve jumped down and bent over the table.
Maybe Tony needed a drink.
“I'm going to write Channing Tatum a very long thank you letter.”
“You can do better than that. Tell me how good it is.”
"Whatcha drawing?"
“It's…” Tony struggled to find the words, and to not let all of the emotions bubbling inside out. “Um, it's unique. No one has ever captured me like that before.”
They finished the mission together, just like the old man promised.
Almost before Tony could get the word out of his mouth, Steve's lips were against his.
“I didn't come here to fight.” Steve rubbed his face.
“Tony.” Bruce's voice broke Tony’s train of thought. “Look, I know you probably don't need life advice right now, especially from me. But if recent events have shown me anything, it's that we need to take happiness where we can get it and stop worrying about all the bullshit.”
“Me?!” Tony said incredulously. “This was his idea.”
Their eyes met, then they were kissing again, as if their lives depended on it. Oxygen didn't matter anymore, just inhaling the other man, that's all he needed.
Steve’s eyes traveled down Tony's body, stopping on Tony's very obvious hard-on.
“Because all the best things have sequels.”
Since then Steve is all he could think of. Even with Pepper. Especially with Pepper. He loved her but she wasn’t what Steve was to him. He loved Pepper like a painter loved a sunset. He loved Steve like something all consuming. After an argument with Pepper, when he knew it wasn’t going to last between them, that they made better friends anyway, she asked him something that put it all in perspective.
"I can't do that." Steve said with a mix of want and sadness in those baby blues.
“Yeah, Buck, keep going.” Steve said, entranced by Bucky’s cock sliding on him. “Do you like fucking my tits?”
“I knew Thor wouldn’t let us down.” Tony smirked.
“Is that why you were waiting for me?”
The handstand was impressive on it’s own, nearly nude it was miraculous.
“That was just round one, boys.” Steve said.
Steve looked at him, an amused grin on his face.
“No, you're being too hard on yourself.” Now that Tony saw the two men together, it really made sense. “You guys are perfect for each other, mazel tov.”
“Yeah, I don't think you'll believe me.”
“Fuck.” Tony whispered out loud.
Thor pulled a large flask from his coat pocket. They had each consumed a pitcher of beer but Steve felt only vaguely buzzed. Steve knew an evening out with Thor risked the possibility of actual drunkenness from Asgardian wine. He figured letting go every once in awhile was something he had earned.
The bliss was clear on Bucky’s face. Strangely the friction was even arousing for Steve, the heat and movement felt like it was all over his body at once.
“Jarvis. Rewind it to the pony scene.”
"Ah, yes, I can understand wanting to get back to Barnes and Stark." Thor nodded. "Once I would have been envious of such an arrangement between three such beautiful men."
The bed groaned with the force of the thrusts. Tony’s knuckles were white from gripping the headboard so tightly. At least they were getting Tony’s money’s worth out of the thing.
Just a cell phone.
“Jarvis.” Tony called out to the AI. “Initiate the XXL protocol.”
Steve felt a blush rise to his cheeks.
Steve was still working his own shaft at a slow and steady pace so Tony went lower, sucking and licking at Steve’s balls.
Glaring at him, Tony remained silent for the rest of the movie. Although he did have to bite his tongue over the “Closer” scene since Steve would probably call him a perv or ask what kind of person enjoys being tied up.
Landing at the Avengers compound was a relief. Not that anyone was really safe anymore but the false sense of security was nice. Bruce greeted them with the other remaining Avengers, in addition to a talking racoon who was just delightful. Steve's absence was painfully obvious.
Steve separates them, ripping Tony from bliss.
“We can still be friends.” She said. “I'll need time though.”
“Yeah.” Steve said using his Captain America voice. “Daddy wants you to make those pretty panties nice and filthy.”
Picking it up, Steve walked it to the dresser in front of Tony, spun the picture around, placed it neatly, then took a step back to stand next to Tony. They were standing close enough that Tony could feel the heat radiating off of Steve.
“What can I say.” Tony said nonchalantly. “I have a sixth sense for these things.”
Suddenly the glass walls of his shop went to their black privacy mode.
“Well, it’s, uh.” Tony cleared his throat. “Impressive.”
The smaller man hopped off the bed and sauntered over to Steve. Tony was always sexy beyond Steve’s wildest dreams. It was like sex oozed out of his pores.
Steve skated away, a movement focused in his gloriously muscled arms without moving his legs, and spun to face Tony. On his knees now, Steve leaned back, tearing his shirt away from his torso that should never be covered up. Ever.
“He's been working on intel with some former Shield agents” Bruce must have seen him searching, had he been that obvious? “He'll be back tonight or tomorrow.”
“Sure Bucky can stay here too. Didn’t want Steve getting lonely.” He said with a wink.
Standing up Steve fully removed the shirt and pants that still clung to him. By the looks on their faces he knew they were ready for more. Tony looked like a kid on Christmas and Bucky was doing that thing where his mouth was neutral but his eyes were all lit up for Steve. He couldn’t help himself then, he kissed each one of them sweetly, trying to show them how much he loved them.
“Bye.”
His eyes met Tony's, Steve’s baby blues were almost black, blown with arousal.
"Oh...uh..." Steve tried to cover the sketch but Tony saw.
“If you keep that up,” Tony said. “You are going to have to lay me across and do it for real, big man. No more teasing.”
“Were you that desperate to get fucked?” Steve asked. “You guys had to prep that hole to be ready for when I got home?”
Their clothes came off by both of their efforts, Tony’s shirt the last item to be discarded. The perfection of the naked man in front of him was everything Tony remembered. When you see art made flesh, it was a hard thing to forget.
Following his lead, Steve pulled his sweatpants on and sat next to Tony.
“Perfect.” Tony whispered.
Because it was all he had left of Steve Rogers, the love of his fucking life. It was the last physical tie connecting them. He knew if he called that number, Steve would come running. But he never could. Or would. Tony felt like a goddamn coward with a broken heart.
“Is that a complaint?”
“It is so nice.” Tony said, voice cracking. “The lace is just rough enough and his skin, damn, it's unbelievably soft. And between the two...it's just tops.”
awestruck.
“No.” Steve answered. “I liked it. It was, uh, thought provoking.”
It’s a crime how much he wants it, them, to be close to it, to be part of it. He keeps it to himself. He smiles and acts normal, never letting his hilariously charming facade fall.
Tony gave an innocent look.
Probably meant as a joke and not an invitation, yet Tony wasn't sure.
“Tony, do you have lube in here?” Steve asked, sounding so desperate Tony almost moaned.
Bruce knew him too well, damn their science bro connection.
It was a crappy, outdated flip phone. Tony's real phone made this one look like garbage. There was no smart tech on it. There were no cool functions. Hell, it only had one number in it.
He said it repeatedly until the words lost meaning. Until the his walls finally crumbled and he was cumming all over them both, releasing everything inside of him.
“Let's keep that going.” Tony said, eyes fiery with lust. “I don’t know what Thor gave you but remind me to send him flowers. Or a puppy. Something.”
“Did you corner him and talk him into it?” Steve asked.
Slicking his cock with the remaining lube, Tony resisted the sudden urge to beat himself off all over the other man.
The first time Tony saw Steve Rogers on the helicarrier bridge, he knew he was already in love. When he saw Captain America fall from the sky to battle against himself and Thor, that took balls. He held his own and when he leveled a god with his shield...wow. On the bridge though he could see Steve and not just the iconic cowl. That face. That wolf in sheep’s clothing face. Everyone sees the cherubic beauty but Tony can see past that to the real Steve.
The rest of the movie went by pretty quietly. Except when “Big Dick” Richie complained that woman didn’t like having sex with him because he was too big.
Tony sighed, she was right, like always.
Steve removed his boots while still leering at the others. It could have been the booze or just seeing the two of them laid out so prettily, but Steve’s blood was suddenly on fire.
“Stay.” Tony managed to whisper.
The silver lining was getting lost in his work. Collaborating with Bruce again was nice, the other scientist had such a calm energy compared to Tony’s chaoticness. Plus, Bruce actually seemed happy, which was different for the usually somber man. It wasn't until Tony saw Bruce and Thor approaching the lab, and Thor drew the other man into his arms and kissed the living daylights out of him, that Tony put it all together. Bruce walked in with a huge grin on his face until Tony corned him, demanding to know exactly what had happened during Bruce and Thor’s Space Adventure.
“I think those panties are ruined.” Bucky said, now naked and getting on the bed too.
Unofficially, Steve kissed him once, a few months back after a horrendous battle and a suit malfunction that caused everyone to think Tony died. Nothing was said after the heated locking of their lips. Steve just walked away. No one else saw it. For a while Tony thought he imagined it because, well, officially Captain Rogers was straight. Well, for the most part so was he.
Movement happened around him, to him. Weightlessness as Steve's hands grasped Tony’s ass, lifting Tony onto the bed, laid him against the pillows. Steve's body a heavy, wonderful weight on top of Tony. It was calming in a strange way, being slightly crushed yet feeling utterly safe.
Almost from far away, Tony could hear Steve murmuring Tony’s name over and over. Trying to focus his eyes, Tony looked at Steve. He tried to pour every ounce of love, lust, and feeling into that look.
Tony was alive. Steve was alive. He wanted to push their life forces together, combine their bodies and souls to thank whatever being allowed to be with one another again.
“Tell me what you want me to say, Tony.”
Biting his lip Bucky all but jogged to Steve. He leaned over Steve bringing their lips together. It was sweet and calm, as they mapped each other's mouths like they had so many times before.
Steve gave him a leveled stare. “What about you and Pepper? How's the wedding coming along?”
With a shuddering breath Tony’s dick slid under the dark fabric.
Tony dreamed about him constantly. His favorite was where he is lying in bed, naked, and Steve is suddenly on him. Kissing him all over the lower portion of his body. The kisses turn to nibbles. The nibbles turn to sharp bites that have that exhilarating pain and pleasure mix. The pressure is enough that he knows the skin has been punctured. He looks down to see Steve’s smiling face covered in blood. The light skin, the piercing blue eyes, and red smeared lips, he can’t help but think this is how the American flag should look. But damn, he has never felt more patriotic. He wakes with a raging hard on. He wraps a hand around his cock, that image still burned in his mind. A few quick tugs and he cums with a sharp cry.
“Alright.” Steve said, back in control as he pulled away from Tony. “Bucky, take those things off and I want both of you on that ostentatious bed.”
“They are strawberries! Fruit is healthy!”
Watching the two men they lean together, conspiratorily.
“Goodbye, Tony.”
That earned Tony another light slap to the ass.
Steve’s movements are fluid. When he runs it is like water flowing effortlessly over the rocks. Tony could write novels just on the way he moves. Even he, the master engineer, could not craft something so flawless.
“Isn’t that about strippers or something?”
“You better.”
“Tony, that was awesome.”
It was a cell phone.
Pepper knew he always had it. She probably knew he was clutching it in his pocket when he had proposed to her. It was something they didn't talk about, better to pretend it wasn't there.
Rubbing his cock along the area where lace meets flesh, Tony made a strangled noise. In agreement Bucky made quiet little humming sounds and wiggled his hips ever so slightly back towards Tony. The light glistened off the line of pre-cum Tony's cock was leaking onto Bucky.
Captain America was twerking.
Walking into the room, Steve found his two favorite people already in bed. Of course neither were asleep because they stayed up til the crack of dawn. Steve had caught Tony sneaking into bed on several occasions as Steve was getting up for a morning run.
“Maybe try to paint while you're here. We have a lot to do but it might be nice to paint something beautiful, so we all remember what this fight is about.”
Once the credits rolled Steve was standing up to leave.
“And you look too far away from us.” Steve said, extending his free hand.
Sometimes he wanted to throw the crappy thing off the top of Stark Tower, let it smash into a million pieces and that one phone number would be lost forever.
"I will watch a match with you, if you drink something special with me. Something favored in my homeland."
Tony was working in his shop when Steve strolled in wearing a white wife beater and baggy sweatpants. He looked like he was going to workout or jog or some other beefcake ritual, except Steve was not wearing any shoes.
They roared with laughter. Something about Thor made Steve feel a little bit more normal and at ease. Or maybe that easy feeling was the alcohol. The combination of beer and Asgardian spirits mixed together hit him like a freight train.
Thor smiled and winked but said nothing.
Tony smiled in triumph and handed Steve the bowl.
“And Pepper.” Bruce added quickly.  “But she left New York. Went to California.”
After Bruce explained it, he looked sheepishly at Tony. “See, I told you before you wouldn't believe me. How does a god like him fall for someone as messed up as me?”
"But let me keep you no longer. It was great fun."
Steve looked at him, arms crossed, his blue eyes looked dark and turbulent. “I'm happy you're home.”
The universe melted away to them, locked in a primal embrace of need.
Tony was able to muster enough strength to get up and walk to the beaten up couch in the corner before collapsing.
Tony was numb or in shock or both, for once he didn't have a comeback on the tip of his tongue.
Not really looking at Tony, Steve turned and left the room.
Steve nodded. “I can see how hard he is making you. Just stroke yourself nice and slow.”
It was kind of strange seeing him like this. Occasionally they had worked together or discussed the mission recently yet they were never really alone together, not like this. Everything had been very professional, maybe some friendly banter, no fighting or blowouts. It was as if they ensured other people were always in the room. It kept them in check, for better or for worse. Although, even if the room was packed with people, he felt the space and tension between them, like an invisible tripwire.
“I think he has a soft spot, or a hard spot, for the two of you.”
Officially, he had been in love with Captain America since before he could remember.
“Fine. We're both assholes but you started it.” Tony said, sounding like a petulant child even to his own ears. “And it's over between her and I, FYI.”
It wasn’t until that moment that Steve realized he had a type, something about those snarky brunettes did it for him.
Steve shook his head. “You guys are weirdos.”
“Like what?” Steve looked even more confused, like a puppy when it hears a dog whistle for the first time.
“Oh, come on, don't tell me you forget how devastatingly handsome you are.” Tony said with a flirty smirk.
“I'll tell you the whole story when you get back.”
“Now that you are all stripped so I can see all of you.” Steve said to Bucky. “I want to sit on the bed, open up those long legs, and finger yourself open while we watch.”
As if to demonstrate, Steve wrapped his fingers around his own cock and jerks himself at a steady pace.
“See,” Steve said. “It's not that hard.”
“I'm sure that gets them in a tizzy too.” Tony said. Steve looked good in anything and who didn't have even a slight uniform fetish, especially when it came to Captain America?
“I'd even say spectacular. But next time we should take it slower.”
Well that was strange.
Laughing, Tony finally found the bottle. It was a little low but it would do for right now.
“You love me too much to leave.” Steve said as a joke but when he looked at Tony then at Bucky he knew it was the truth.
The next morning Steve told him all about Bucky. Who he was, what he was to Steve...obviously something Tony could never be...and that he was searching for him.
In tandem they worked their bodies. Steve's one hand gripped Tony’s hip with brutal force, guiding the rhythm as Tony loved it when he did. His other hand wandered all over Tony’s thighs and caressing his cock.
“Not when it is covered in chocolate. Then followed by alcohol.” Steve said with a sigh. “Just give me one.”
Maybe he had offended him with the movie? Maybe it had awoken feelings Steve had buried inside? Maybe his 40’s sensibility couldn’t stand hot beefy men dancing around? Whatever it was, he thought it best to give Steve his distance for a while, let him figure stuff out.
The painting was of Tony. Tony in his lab tinkering with Iron Man armor, grease smeared on his face and hands, his hair slightly messy. The observer was hit full force with Painting Tony’s smile, not a smirk or grin, but a full on radiant smile of love and joy. Even his eyes seemed full of the emotion, like it was just pouring out of him.
“I took up your advice to paint in my downtime, so I wanted you to see how it turned out.”
Opening the bottle of lube, Steve poured a generous amount on the small of Tony’s back. The other man hissed.
Relaxed and sated, Tony rested but kept his eyes glued to Steve. He wanted to imprint every part of this moment in his brain. He never wanted to forget this sight, this feeling.
Steve shrugged. “We do. We also bring out good in each other. We have to work together on this Thanos thing.”
“But we could always extend a thankful invitation.” Tony said.
love spumoni. Want to take you to get something you like.”  That seems to give Tony pause.
“Steve! Steve, holy shit, balsa wood Steve, oh my
“If you say so Cap.” Iron Man still doesn't sound convinced, but the quinjet comes into view before Steve can get another speech going. They come to a careful landing just as the bay doors open. Steve steps off gleaming boots, just in time to steady Iron Man as he staggers.
“Hungry?” He asks, holding out a plate with mashed potatoes, peas, and a piece of chicken out. How very Americana. Tony nods, taking the plate easily. Steve watches him as he eats, and soon Rhodey and Bucky join them, the latter leaning against the porch railing to do some stargazing of his own.
It takes him a moment to realize Tony is talking, wrapped up as he is in that safe warm floating space. “Thank you darling, good. You just hold tight while I get ready for you,” Tony speaks against his temple, ruffling the short blond hairs there. He's shifting around a moment later, but Steve doesn't have long to miss him before he's back laying atop him, almost as if he knows how much Steve wants him there. He lavishes kisses over Steve's face, bracing one arm on the pillows by Steve's shoulder. His other hand is somewhere else, and when Tony makes a soft sound, just a puff of breath outwards, Steve looks down and sees it moving beneath Tony's robe.
“Yeah, here, I made you a plate. You had breakfast yet?” He asks, snagging the plate off the counter warmer and passing it over to Tony.
“Sorry ma’, sorry, but yeah, doesn’t hurt, just kinda feels like, pressure, maybe?”  He could sort of feel it, if he really concentrated.
“All yours,” He slurs out, feeling in a way the way he remembers it felt to be drunk almost. His thoughts feel slow, soft, as if wrapped up in a blanket of warmth, everything is brighter, more, and he tucks his face against Tony's shoulder, kisses his neck and rubs him inside, drinks in the moan he feels rumbling through Tony's throat.
“Yeah.” Says Tony, swallowing thickly. “Yeah one of those sounds about right.” It's been a while since he had anyone around that ticked any of those boxes.  “Don't fuck this up Stark.” He whispers to his image in the mirror. Sadly his reflection looks just as lost as he does. Tony turns away, stopping by the door to his room to grab a pair of oxfords, slipping them on and doing up the laces.  “Self lacing dress shoes JARVIS. Not everyone can bend down, or maybe you know, something for people with fine motor issues. Make a note.” He chatters away with JARVIS absently, shooting off a few emails to S.I.'s research and development department before he makes it back into the room with Steve, his words trailing off when he gets a good look at the man in question. He's still wearing the same clothes from last night, but his hair is looking perfectly coiffed, and a well worn leather jacket has joined the ensemble while Tony was off having a crisis. Typical. He always misses the exciting stuff.
“I'm going to cut right to the chase.” Nat says, heading him off before he can even open his mouth.  “We went back to that cave.” She starts, and Tony feels something in his chest clench. Which cave? He wants to ask, but the words won't come out. “The one with that thing from Asgard.” Natasha continues, indicating her leather folder of probably terrible news. Tony swallows, picking it up and gingerly flipping it open.
His mind is filled
now?” Steve notices the nervous looks around him, and he realizes his error.  “People had to hide it before. Everyone knew it happened, but no one just talked about it like that.” Steve takes a deep breath. It's allowed now, it's okay. He can't bring himself to look out at the city below them. It's too different, too alien. Old landmarks are still there, but it's almost unrecognizable to the New York City he left behind.
They make it to the Pinkberry before Tony realizes that he's managed to be in a car being chauffeured around without needing to do deep breathing exercises, or distract himself from the trip. It blindsides him, causing the breath to stutter in his chest. Steve catches his wrist, rubbing his fingers over his rabbiting pulse.
am not.” It doesn't escape Steve's notice that JARVIS is something-someone-Tony
The rest of the night passes companionably, even if Tony is well aware of the holes in their conversations. Topics carefully skirted around like negative space on a black and white painting. He pretends not to hear the conversation between Steve, Bucky, and Rhodey when he goes off to slip beneath the covers of the bed in the room he's chosen. The loss of so many memories should make him a mass of anxiety and insomnia, but there will be time enough for that. For now he sleeps, comforted by the warm purring ball of fluff by his feet, and the cool flower scented air wafting in through the screens of his windows.
“I don’t like him, he’s a donkey’s rear end is all, he always acts like he’s so big and tough.  I mean, maybe I shouldn’t have socked him so good, he was crying like I took all his sweets on Christmas.”  Steve allowed, regret after getting into a fight wasn’t something he was unfamiliar with.  He supposed maybe he could have reasoned with Andy, but the sight of him menacing those little kids had made him see red.
flirting with Tony-and even if he were to be really flirting, he couldn't really be too upset about it.  All that said, Steve can't help it, the scrappy little bastard he used to be wants to ask him what the big idea is. He doubts Tony would appreciate the possessive behavior, or the no doubt ensuing property damage. Besides, he
He sleeps well that night, wrapped around Tony under the sky, the arc pulsing under his hands like the heart of a trapped star.
an Avenger?” Beside him Jan slumps. The expression on her face is so glum Steve wants to apologize for whatever he has said to put it there.
And it was a perfectly adequate explanation until a few months later when Steve got into a fight with Andy Williams on the sidewalk after school because he’d been bullying the babies in first grade, and he was suddenly gripped by an anger so intense it made him falter for a moment.  Andy had gotten a solid punch in, but Steve hadn’t felt a thing, and continued not to feel a thing, sitting silent and fuming out by the principal's office.  He was covered in bruises, his lip was split, and his knuckles looked pretty nasty, but it didn’t hurt.  Not the way it had the last time he and Andy had gotten into a scrap.
“Oh. Well, darling the trouble with that is that once I come, it's over, I'm finished.” Tony's gaze is hot, but his smile is so soft at the corners that it makes Steve's chest feel tight and fluttering. “You on the other hand, you can come again. You'll get hard again, won't you, for me? I want you to come as many times as you like. It's such a treat to watch you, and later, I'll feel it too, won't I?” The thought of that, being inside Tony, maybe coming inside him later. He wants it so much, he wants to give Tony what he's asking for, to be good for him, to show him how amazing he is, how good this all feels.
Once Steve leaves, Tony presses a hand to his mouth, fingers tracing over the places he swears he can feel the impression of Steve's kisses etched there like a hot aching tattoo.
He does however contemplate eschewing brushing his teeth in favor of tackling Steve back onto the couch, but that can only lead to him sitting up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat agonizing about kissing Captain America with bad breath.
“He'll be expecting that.” Tony murmurs, pulling a hand away from Steve's grip to rake it through his hair. “Ty isn't stupid, I would be sending all of you into a trap instead of leading
They lay like that, Steve dropping drowsy half dazed kisses over any of Tony's skin within reach. Tony can barely muster anything other than a sigh when Steve pulls out. His limbs feel rubbery, as if he'd sink to the floor if he tried to walk right now. It's amazing. Steve looks to be feeling similarly when he gently rolls Tony off the pillows and down onto the untouched sheets beside them.
“Fine, but I woulda done it.” Steve says mulishly.
Tony thinks morosely.
Only the feeling of Tony shifting against him wakes him.  He doesn't know how much time has passed, but Tony is urging him up off the bench, so he goes.  “I'm sorry I drifted off on you, darling, what a terrible host I am.” Tony says lightly, but his smile twists in a way that Steve doesn't like at all. He remembers that smile the first time Tony's illness made itself visible.  Remembers Tony looking hollow and exhausted but still smiling and inviting Steve over because they had a date.
He thinks, and even in his head It sounds more fond than horrified.
In this chapter the rating is thoroughly earned.  This is very soft and fluffy, but there is d/s, some light bondage, and a whole lot of other things, so if those are not your cup of tea please do not read on.  That said!  I do hope you enjoy it, comments and kudos much appreciated.  Again happy birth to you Cere!
“I miss Tony. I know we haven't been gone long at all but I miss him. He's warm, and when he's close things are..” Steve licks his dry lips, pressing on. “Things are good when he's close. He hugged me. Twice now.” Despite the constant motion of the train over the rails, the distant conversations of the others in the train, it's silent enough to hear a pin drop between them.  “He hugged me and he was so warm...and I think. Today I think we nearly kissed.” The last of it is almost a whisper, but Iron man hears him clearly.  Iron Man sighs, his head dropping as if he's shaking himself. He shifts up though, locking the joints of the armor into a sitting position and pressing up against Steve's side. The armor is warm at every point of contact. Steve knows he can't sit in the seat next to him, these chairs are not reinforced enough for the gold titanium alloy.
This is it, he thinks, taking a deep breath. It's now or never.
“You um, kind of rolled out of the chair and then backed up into this corner. A self protective gesture probably, it was very speedy, you're very quick on your feet and I apparently weigh less than a bag of grapes to you so-” Tony smiles, gracing him with another little kiss. “here we are.”
'. Tony knows Tiberius Stone alright. They haven't spoken in years, not after Ty revealed his frankly disturbing goals at the same time as his crush and Tony ran for the hills. There was an attempted kidnapping, and while he could never pin it on Stone, he knows it was his doing. Childhood friends don't typically try to do that sort of thing one another, nor do they stalk each other with a focus bordering on the obsessive-but that's Tiberius Stone for you.
Maybe he should have kept picking at it.
“Uh.” Tony blinks slowly, taking stock of himself and coming up with a whole slew of questions immediately.
“No darling, I have other plans for tonight.” Tony's smile is warm and encouraging, as is the kiss he presses to Steve's lips. He lets that buoy him up to the bathroom where countless massaging jets of water do their best to work the week's tension from his body. He's had a few things to say about the way Tony lives his life, the decadence, but he can't deny how great this shower feels on his clammy skin.
Comments and kudos mean the world to me and I cherish each and every one!
“No I won't.” Steve says with complete certainty.
“You don’t really cuddle up much do you, kinda weird, you’re one of the only alphas here too.  Say, you got any idea what General Phillips and Doc are looking for?  They make my skin itch with all that staring.”  It was the most subdued he’d ever heard her, not that they had known each other long, but Steve had yet to have seen her anything less than completely sure of herself.
“JARVIS. I need your help, are you there?” Not even thirty seconds pass before he gets his answer.
“Sometimes I wake up and I hate this. I hate everything, and I'm angry, so angry because there's nothing I can do and I miss everyone.” Steve starts, and Tony's hand clenches on his glass to hear the misery in his voice. “I miss everything so much-everything I left behind. But then there's you, and us,” Tony raises his head, and Steve is looking at him, really looking at him. There's something like wonder in his eyes.  “- and I feel like, yeah, I'm home. You gave me a purpose, gave me a home. It's not that I don't think you can take care of yourself. Truth is I'm...greedy; I want to spend time with you.” Steve smiles ruefully, ducking his head. “Make you come up and eat with us because I miss seeing your face, because I feel like you'll forget me otherwise.” There's so much wrong with what Steve is saying, it can't be true, but Steve is as honest as they come, more honest than anyone he's ever met. Tony swallows thickly, reaching out to just rest his hand over Steve's where it sits on the seat, and Steve smiles in that soft boyish way of his that makes Tony's stomach flip over.
There were supposed to be several others like him, but now the weight of all those expectations has fallen to him. He wanted to be a soldier, but he's Atlas instead. He is The Captain now though, and there is no time to process the terrible wonder of what he has become. So he pushes it down, locks it up like an ugly secret.
Upon exiting the elevator, they bundle him into a car with the most darkly tinted windows he's ever seen. All of them take turns hugging him. It's really nice, Tony feels like even with all his memories intact this would be something he enjoyed-although judging by their expressions they're surprised he's allowing it despite how open he's been to cuddling this entire time.
“This can't be happening.” He says, dread suffusing the words as if he's talking about the end of the world instead of his inconvenient case of the Feelings Flu.
“Out, get out, I've had enough of you Captain Sassypants.” For all he sounds affronted, his face is still endearingly flushed. Steve winds him in close again, cooing endearments to him in French, making them as sweet and saccharine as possible. Tony grows redder and redder until they reach the kitchen and he scampers away to perch on the counter next to Bruce.
“Candy?” Clint asks, and Tony nods, producing a basket of individually wrapped foil sweets. Clint hops down from the speaker.
A few of Zemo’s strikes connected, but Steve felt nothing, setting his jaw, and rolling away from another shot, once Zemo gathered enough presence of mind to actually aim it at him. His ears rang with the noise of the blasts, but he paid it no mind, running towards Zemo, and kicking him in the chest with enough force to send him through the wall he’d unwittingly cornered himself by.
“But Susie Briggs said her omega ma’ said she could tell what her alpha mama was thinking about last night.”  Steve bulled on, unable to contain the stubborn jut of his lip.  Sarah groaned, muttering something in Gaelic under her breath that Steve didn’t quite catch.
He hits the robot with everything in him. If Steve had been faster, if he had been stronger-his self flagellating train of thought is interrupted as Iron Man drags himself to his feet. Steve sees him out of the corner of his eye as he works at tearing the bots head off with his bare hands.
“Yeah, it does, and you do. What? I notice things, okay man.”
“Leaving so soon?” Tony asks, looking down at his plate to cut up his chicken, but also to hide the disappointment on his face.
“Thanks Sparky. Has anyone told you you're looking particularly magnificent today?” Thor's grin gets wider, and he flexes, biceps bulging impossibly with the motion as Tony tears into his candy with great enthusiasm.
The door swung open, and a rather austere looking gentleman walked in.  He had steel grey hair, and a gentle face.  A small rolling tray accompanied him, topped with a steaming teapot, a milk jug, sugar, and some very fine looking cups.  Jarvis, it had to be.  Steve had never had a butler around, but this had to be the fella.
Steve took some time to look at the equipment on offer, all had little diagrams to explain their use.  Steve smiled, well, that was nice of the manufacturer.  Still he wasn’t quite ready to test any of those shiny and new looking weight machines, but there was a whole row of punching bags visible from where he was standing.  That oughta do it, punching bags he knew.  A tray full of supplies sat just off the side.  There were soft mats and benches set against the wall just behind the area with the heavy bags, and sleek silver and glass boxes holding bottles with names like Gatorade and Monster, whatever the heck that was.  Steve decided on solving that mystery later, grabbing some tape off the supply tray and winding it around his hands.  He might have been surrounded by completely incomprehensible things, but he could still throw a punch.
“Here, together,” Tony finishes for him. “Is that good for you, sugar?”
“Okay, okay honey, you’re a mess.  I’m going to get you to bed and stop asking questions.”  He said, moving to pull away.  Steve held him fast for a moment, but then his efforts registered to Steve and he let go as quickly as the misfiring neurons in his brain would allow.
“Yeah I.  That's what I said didn't I?”  Steve grumbles, feeling wrong-footed and off center as he always does when he might have put his foot in it.
“I do, like a pro, you wish you had firsthand experience Katniss.”  Suggestion drips off of Tony's words, and Steve tries not to think about that overmuch. His pants are tight enough after most things that get the adrenaline flowing without adding the thought of Tony's potentially very talented mouth to the list.
“Oh well if it's in the Bugle then it
He's somewhat mollified by the pictures Happy sends him of Tony passed out in his hotel bed clutching his banana plush close. He blinks down at it, realizing Tony has created a little Captain America cowl and a soft plush shield for the thing. In the pictures he looks soft and sleep warm, using Steve's gift to him as a neck pillow in some, cuddling it in others. Steve traces over the lines of his face and feels a welter of fondness and love so strong it's almost dizzying.  He’s also embarrassingly jealous of his felt banana counterpart, it’s silly, but Steve would love to be in that ridiculous plush’s place; curled up with Tony surrounded by down comforters.
” Tony gasps, all tension slumping out of his body as Steve laves at his skin, huffing out a laugh at his choice of words. Tony goes easily when Steve reaches one hand up to push him down again, flat against the bed.
“Hang on tight Tony.” Steve says, kicking the bike to life with a loud rumble of the powerful engine. Tony could have installed a push button start, but he knows Steve, so old fashioned kick start it had been.
The flight back to the quinjet is much slower and quieter than usual. Iron Man scans his arm periodically, murmuring to JARVIS in that strange language he's heard him use with the bots down in the lab. “I can't believe you jumped on that thing with your arm broken.” He's says finally after yet another scan.
“Oh-” Tony says shakily when Steve presses into the curious touch.  “You really-” Tony's fingers flex, and he stares down between their bodies incredulously. “You...why didn't you say sooner?” Steve groans when Tony slips his hand away to reach up and smooth over his chest, then up over his shoulders in slow hesitant touches.
such an honor to be inside him like this, for Tony to let him, to want this from him, God, he's so lucky. Tony's body is so hot too, so warm where they touch, and soft and slick, perfect around his cock, hotter there, holding him so snugly it's only through sheer force of will he hasn't come yet. Tony hasn't told him to come yet though, and he wants to hold off, for Tony to come first, the way he asked for, to watch his face go lax and ecstatic with pleasure; yes, he wants that now more than anything.
She laughed, seemingly despite herself, shifting around so her body blocked the drafty air blowing in from cracks in the window.  “Yes, like Andy, the dastardly villain, picking on babies.”  She said, sounding bemused.
“You’d get a lot of blowback on that assertion, big guy.” He reached up, taking Steve’s hands in his and giving them a squeeze. He had a new pair of gloves on, a pretty mesh material that just barely hinted at the skin beneath. “That’s not why I came in here anyway, um.” He took a deep breath, looking at Steve, he was still a little pink in the face. “The warehouse, right.”
He thinks, only somewhat morosely, staring down the line of Steve's body.
Nothing like your mentor at all, he was so serious, used to make me kind of nervous.” Hammer says, and Tony feels himself go cold all over. “But you know, Obie knew how to play the game, knew a good thing when he saw it, a good alliance, partnership. Listen, I'm working on something big, something
“You have questions I take it.” JARVIS says suddenly, as if reading his thoughts, and Steve startles. Sometimes he forgets that the AI is always awake.
“I'm fine. The injuries were superficial. I am here to take notes.” Across the table Steve sees the briefest flash of concern go across Natasha's face.
“Okay, bye for real now, there's a big blond hunk on a motorcycle I have to see about.” Tony's eyes glitter with amusement, he taps his ear to end the call, taking the helmet and strapping it in place with a few deft movements.
“This is the best day of my life.” Tony says almost to himself. “Come up here and kiss me Steve, I'm getting lonely.”
“You’re welcome!”  He called, as Namor hovered over the water.
he is. Their lives are dangerous, some villain might pop up to steal Tony away from him. It would kill him to lose Tony. Steve has given up a lot in this world. He woke up on what seemed like an alien planet after having lost seventy years, but there are some things he can't even think about without having to go down and destroy a punching bag or ten.
“Good.” Steve laughed. “You deserve it. You are a bad influence on him.”
Needing more, Tony hooked his leg over Steve, working as close as he could. No, they could get closer. In a tangle of body parts, Tony shifted them until Steve was on his back and Tony sat astride him. Fingers pulled out of him, replaced by something bigger and blunter and just what Tony craved.
Steve laughed. “Nah, I give them the uniform. That's what everyone wants to see. I save the civilian wear for my friends.”
“At least a puppy.” Bucky chimed in.
Pulling his hand out of Tony, Steve grabbed the smaller man and in one movement slammed him on his back, head landing on the pillows. Before Tony could speak Steve kissed him, plunging his tongue into Tony’s mouth.
“You are such a libertine." Steve blurted out.
Steve stopped and gave a little laugh. “It's kind of hard to find decent art supplies when you're on the run.”
Both men were reclined on the bed reading quietly; their legs crossed in a mirrored position. They were so alike but so different in many ways. Like bookends.
He'd figure something out. He could fix this, he just needed to get home.
It was so good to hear him laugh, better than anything he could remember.
“Gladly, sir.” The chipper British voice said back to him. “All calls now holding. The movie will begin momentarily. Enjoy.”
Tony let out a fake laugh, like Bucky was oh-so-funny.
Tony ran his fingers through Bucky’s long hair, letting it pass like dark water against his hands. Everything felt hot and tight against Steve. Unbuttoning his own shirt, Steve enjoyed the cool air of the room hitting him. While he was at it he decided to slip off his pants as well. Now Bucky looked overdressed compared to everyone else in the room.
“What?” Tony asked. “You didn’t like it.”
Fire works.
"So," Tony started. "What do feel like doing? Turning in for the night?"
Suddenly feeling warm, Steve unbuttoned his shirt to expose his chest. Bucky watched him, face not giving anything away. But Tony crawled towards the end of the bed like some exotic cat.
Pulling his hand back, Steve slapped Tony’s bare ass, earning a mock glare from Tony.
“Okay. Good.” Steve started towards the door.
“What?” Steve laughed. “Please tell me you aren’t impressed by that.”
“Grab the headboard and spread your legs.” Steve told him.
“No.” Bucky answered. “He was more than happy to help us out.”
“Is that what you want?” Tony responded, his movements getting faster and faster.
Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve and winked. “Who said they were all for him?”
“I didn't think, you know me, I just gotta do what I gotta do.” Tony tried to joke but it fell flat.
“I hope you know what you are asking for.” Steve said matter of factly. “I’m not going to be easy on either one of you.”
The kiss broke, Steve's lips wandered away to find Tony’s neck. Specifically that certain spot between jawline and ear that made Tony pant, and latched on. Tony’s eyes rolled back and his body arched against the other man. Not only did it feel sublime, it also would leave a mark and that stoked Tony’s fire. He wanted marks all over, physical reminders for everyone to see that Steve owned him. Hell, maybe he should just get “Property of Steve Rogers” tattooed across his forehead. That would definitely get the point across.
That was intriguing, what could sweet Steve possibly be embarrassed about? Tony’s eyes bored into Steve, trying to figure him out.
A haze overtook him and he moved like he was underwater, slowly falling down to Steve to kiss him. At some point Steve must have joined him in the release because Steve rolled them on their sides to catch their breaths while lying close.
“What do you think love feels like, Tony? Do you have any idea?” She said in that breathlessly annoyed tone she only took with him.
When he rocked forward, Bucky slammed into Tony and it was like a chorus of filthy noises coming out of all of them. Even though Bucky had done a lot of prep work, he was still tight around Steve. Every movement Steve made, Bucky echoed into Tony by the sheer force of it. It was like Steve was fucking Tony with Bucky.
Steve raised his eyebrows in defiance, as if to say so what but he directed his attention to Bucky.
But it did happen because he had felt Steve against him. Felt the relief and the lust and the love washing through him. After that he noticed, maybe, possibly, Steve watched him and cared for Tony like the old man did for no one else.
Scissoring Steve open had them both panting with need. Just for good measure, Tony slid a third finger in. Steve thrust down on to him, yeah he was ready.
A week or so went by, Steve steered clear of Tony most of the time. Whenever Tony came into the room Steve found an excuse to quickly exit it.
Then his pointed toes were separating, legs spreading open, exposing the innermost part of Steve’s groin. Undulating with the music, Steve moved like nothing Tony had ever seen before.
“Did you like the show, Daddy?” Tony asked.
“He looks like he belongs there.” Bucky laughed.
Shimming backward, Steve’s back was flat on the ground, knees up and legs spread open. He thrust in time with the song, sending shivers down Tony’s spine. Kicking up in the air then back down, Steve was suddenly standing in a feat of agility that Tony could only marvel at.
“Nah, you're the beauty. I'm the brawn.” Bucky said. “And that lovely thing with his head in your crotch is the brains of the outfit.”
Focusing, he kicked Steve’s legs a little farther apart. Intending to go slow, he eased the tip of his cock past that tight ring of muscle, however once he was in Steve moaned like a porn star and Tony couldn't help but ram completely inside.
Closing his eyes, Bucky pulled out the plug in one quick motion and tossed it aside. Shoving in two fingers immediately, he thrust them in and out, sometimes scissoring them apart to show how open and loose he was. That drove Steve crazy, his cock was already beginning to stir. He loved when Bucky was ready for him to shove inside.
Tony looked at the painting and it took a moment to process. It was stunning and expertly done, where it appeared more like a photograph than a painting, yet somehow more alive. It was the subject matter that left him…
Before he could agree, Thor had poured the flask's contents into their two glasses.
Holding Bucky’s hips, Steve pushed Bucky into Tony in one smooth thrust. The two dark haired men moaned loudly. Still holding on, Steve slid himself into Bucky the same way. Growling through his teeth, Steve didn’t let Bucky have much time before he started to fuck him.
The other man shook his head with a disbelieving grin, like Tony had just suggested they could win the lottery.
Spinning around quickly, Bucky was on all fours, ass in the air right in front of Tony’s dick.
So much was fucked up and there was nothing he could do.
“Uh,” Tony briefly wondered if Steve even knew what a Magic Mike was. “Magic Mike 2.”
“That happened once. That exact scene.” Steve said, pointing at the portrait. “We were talking about something. I made you laugh and that is how you looked at me. I'll never forget it.”
Steve thought he should have a part of him that was angry that they all conspired against him but he felt good. He felt so incredibly horny, why waste time fighting? Everything in him was focused on how much he wanted to fuck Bucky and Tony.
“You haven't been around to remind me.” Steve said.
Hauling his large bowl of chocolate covered  strawberries to the living room, he placed them next to his glass of scotch.
“Yeah, my home is your home.” Tony stepped aside to let the other man in before shutting the door.
Then they could live happily ever after.
“What are you watching?” Steve asked.
“Speak for yourself.” Bucky said in a smug tone that was completely lost as he looked wrecked, fucking his own hand.
Holy shit.
“I'm...close…” Steve gasped.
Steve chugged as fast as he could, slamming the glass back to the table seconds after Thor.
He had seen it so often he sort of forgot how shocking it could be for a first time viewer. Steve's face was a devastating mix of horror, pain, and sorrow. Tears stood in Steve's eyes, seeing the evidence of how close Tony had come to death.
“I can’t believe it!” Bucky said. “You are right!”
“You call it ostentatious.” Tony said as he began to climb back on the mattress. “But we would be much less comfortable if I didn’t have the foresight to custom make such a bed.”
“Not enough time, sweet pea.”
“I'm glad you survived the snap heard round the universe but you don't seem too happy.” Tony said before he could think it might piss Steve off.
Not waiting for a reply, Tony ripped his shirt off, exposing the complicated mess of scars the arc reactor had left behind.
“Yes, sir I did.” Steve replied. “That Thor is a ton of fun.”
The nervousness suddenly coming off of Steve was palpable. A long time ago Steve would get this way around him, before they really knew each other.
“I'm glad you're safe too, Pep.” Tony said, waiting for the blow.
He set the wedding date close so the word would never reach Steve in time for him to attend. Tony was trying to move on so desperately but he knew if he saw Steve again, even if Tony was standing with Pepper in front of a judge, all would be lost. He would fall at Steve's feet, grab him and never let go.
speechless….
“It’s a good thing I bought several pairs.” Tony said. “In many different colors….blue..red..”
“I love you, Tony. I’m never leaving you again.” Steve whispered with tears welling in his loving eyes.
Grasping Steve’s large shoulder with one hand and his hip with the other, Tony rocked his hips until he could hear the slap of skin on skin. Tony couldn't resist and smacked  Steve’s ass cheek playfully.
Tony dragged his fingers down Steve's chest, tugging roughly on Steve's nipples because he knew that was one of the man's guilty pleasures. Tony knew the angle to tilt his hips and Steve mirrored with a piston of his cock against Tony’s sweet spot.
Just one more to go before this all wraps up! Thank you for reading this! You guys have been amazing! :)
“He gave us one of yours,” Tony said, inviting her back inside to see for herself – how King Max had placed the bloodstone, the same one that had later saved him from Thanos, in a gold locket and hung it around Tony’s neck.
Then Steve started to move. No, not move. Dance. Not just dancing to the music. Magic Mike dancing to the music.
Not only could Steve feel need for the them growing but it was as if all of his sexual inhibitions were gone. All the naughty thoughts and every dirty daydream he had ever conjured was crashing to the surface. And he wanted them to act every single one of them out.
“Hard is an understatement.” Tony whispered, much more out of breath than the other man was.
“Alright, stand up.” Tony instructed.
“Did you fuck him?” Tony's mouth was leading him on a suicide mission.
“Did you have fun, Stevie?” Bucky asked, dog-earing his place and setting the book aside on the nightstand.
"We sure are." Tony nodded in agreement.
“Holy shit.” Tony moaned, wiggling his hips in anticipation.
“You both sound like fucking whores.” Steve said before he could stop himself. “Daddy’s little whores.”
That was too much for Steve, Tony’s debauched face, Bucky’s defiled hand, the vice around his dick. He was done for. The force it hit him with caused his vision to white out and he pumped everything from the bottom of his toes up, into Bucky.
Breaking his silence Bucky moans almost as loud as Tony, like he just came. Steve knew Bucky loved when they came on him but not quite enough to completely lose it himself.
“Are those chocolate?” Steve asked, looking more closely. “Tony, come on. That isn’t very health conscious.”
Wanting to tackle Steve right there, he exhibits immense self control and contains himself.
That was the only encouragement Tony needed to start really fucking him. He rammed his cock over and over into Steve, loving the heat.
Nodding, Bucky ghosted his fingers over the end of the plug, running over the area where plastic met flesh, where his skin was stretched tightly. Grasping the small handle of the plug Bucky pulled it out a little and rocked it back in.
“No. But I draw when I can.”
All of a sudden Tony shifted below Steve and brought his hot talented mouth on to Steve’s dick. With his mouth full of Bucky’s spunk covered fingers and Tony sucking him like there was no tomorrow, he came with a whimper, Bucky’s hand absorbing most of the sound.
Bracing himself, he called her on a large video screen. Her face appeared, bigger than life size and looking as weary as he felt.
So why was it always with him? Why did he cling to it when he was scared, or frustrated, or lonely? Why was it always with him? Why did he brush his fingertips against it while he slept and Pepper was clear across the bed, a huge space between them? They were engaged for Christ’s sake and he didn't touch his fiancee half as much as he touched the stupid cell phone.
Just a few more views of the scene wouldn’t hurt anything, especially because no one was around to tell him not to.
“Fine.” Steve said, grumpily. “Give me another strawberry.”
“Something like that.” Tony responded, trying to focus.
They hugged and Steve was on his way back home to his "beautiful men". Bucky was going to love that one.
“Nothing.” Tony said, covering the bowl with his arms.
“Oh, Steve.” Tony managed to say. “I love you.”
“Fuuuuucccckkk.” Tony yelled, his head thrown back as his shoots his load right where Steve wanted.
That’s when Steve got the joke, Bucky had a sizable plug shoved in his ass. Oh yeah, these two were so innocent when left alone for too long, they could not be trusted.
Putting his feet back on the ground, Steve stood and closed the distance between he and Tony.
“Daddy?” Bucky echoed with a shark-like grin. “That’s new.”
After a while Steve broke the silence. “You guys planned this all out with Thor, didn’t you?”
Unofficially, Tony hopped for another near-death experience so Steve would kiss him again. This time he would be waiting for it and kiss him back like his life depended on it.
“Whatever you say, boss.”
Tony snickered, looking up finally.
“Yeah. I get it.”
"Were you drawing my arc reactor?" He asked as he stumbled down on the floor.
“I can only guess.” Steve said with a chuckle. “I want to watch you guys kiss.”
“I know. I understand.” Tony felt deflated, even though he knew it was coming. “I want you to be happy and I don't think you could be with me. I love you though, I do.”
Tony's fingers tugged lightly on Steve’s thong, riding them up his ass crack just a little more. Wiggling his hips, Steve broke the kiss.
“Oh, what makes you think there will be a next time?” Steve joked as he lightly kissed Tony's neck.
“Oh c'mon.”
Breaking the kiss, Tony did as he was told and Bucky’s pants joined Tony’s robe. Expecting Bucky to be nude also, Steve was pleasantly surprised to be wrong. Against Bucky’s flawless skin was a pair of black lace panties. Those booty short kind that did very little to hide his luscious ass or the swell of his hardening cock. They had discussed lingerie before but it was much different seeing it in reality.
When he was about two feet away from Tony, Steve pivoted his weight forward onto his arms, lifting his legs straight into the air.
“That's fine. Let it go, baby. Daddy's got you.” Tony said, his voice deep and husky.
After a long night of working on his armor, Tony went back to his room, brain still whirling with his schematics that he barely registered his door was ajar. Pushing it open with a little caution, he peeked in.
Tony wasn’t dreaming. He was dead. He was completely sure of that when Steve hit the first hip thrust on beat. This was heaven and he was dead. That was the only explanation.
Bucky shot Tony a look that Steve couldn’t read before getting on the center of the bed, which in that bed he was still just out of reach of the other men. With his metal arm Bucky propped himself up and brought the opposite knee up to the side, spreading his other leg the other way.
On floor propped next to Steve was a large canvas. Tony would have noticed it if the other man wasn't so distracting.
“That’s a silly question.” Tony said as he reluctantly pulled away from Steve to search through the drawers of his work table.
"What time is it?" Steve asked, trying to find a clock.
“Do you wear stuff like that around the new recruits?” Tony half-joked. “I bet you'd cause a scene.”
“Should I have watched the first movie?” Steve asked in a serious tone.
“I hope you like it.” Steve said, still nervous. “I painted what you said to, something beautiful and worth saving. You can have if you want, or not, whatever.”
“Get him naked, Buck.” Steve instructed.
“Are you going to cum?” Steve asked.
"Oh yeah." Steve laughed. "I guess I need to be getting home."
Steve was drunk. He could count the times he had been drunk on one hand, almost all of those from the pre-serum days. Before he never saw the appeal but this felt nice. Warm and fuzzy and everything was great. He would have to tell Tony he finally got it.
“So.” Rhodes says after the room has cleared. “Want to tell me what the deal is, Captain Rogers?” Rhodes is a difficult guy to read, but the protective vibes are loud and clear.  Steve sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face and straightening up. His ma' always said slumping around when you were trying to make a good impression was bad form.
“My friends, this is an auspicious day indeed!” Thor booms, throwing his arms open to grab Tony up in an inescapable hug. Tony yelps, legs kicking as he's lifted off the ground.
“It really is Steve, I feel like I should have run a flag up it first.”
about. There's no telling how many more of them will blow up when their relationship goes public. That is if Tony even wants a relationship.  “I want to date you, in fact, kinda think we have been dating, but I want to do this officially.” Forget the media, and forget PR and masks, and whatever nasty opinions people might have about Tony.  He survived an being frozen in ice for seventy years, he wants Tony with everything he has.  Tony stares at him incredulously. He's silent for a few minutes, just studying Steve's face.
“Give him some space Wasp, we don't really know how he's feeling.” The man with the metallic voice speaks again.
“Sorry Cap, need privacy for...for this. Just give me a moment I'll be fine.” The reactor makes a high whining sound and he hunches in the armor, even through the distortion of the speakers, his hiss of pain is loud. Another realization startles through Steve. If it's Tony in there then the reactor likely sits right over his pacemaker. Steve feels himself go cold.  “I'll give you the all clear when I'm done. Right now I need you to get-” Iron man's breath rasps, he coughs twice. “get out, please. Worry about your arm.” The words are harsh but his tone of voice is desperate. Steve fights every instinct in himself telling him to go and help his first friend in this century and the man he loves, but there's a line being drawn here. Steve knows if he crosses it everything will be over. So he nods sharply, turning his back and stepping out of the cargo bay back into the cockpit. Every step feels leaden, his arm aches, but it seems distant, unimportant. He can't shake the image from his mind of the reactor cracking, of Iron Man's startled cry-of a gauntleted hand holding something that looks far too large to be superficial in skintight armor.
“What
“Colonel Rhodes-” JARVIS sounds a little exasperated, but entirely resigned. Tony can't wait to meet this guy already.
“Good.”  Tony says softly, when he’s finished with the pears, and Steve turns his head to steal a chaste kiss.  “Better.” Tony says,turning his face to smile into his neck when they part.
“Iron Man. I-” He's shaking. Tremors work up his arms, there's a ringing in his ears, and the recessed lighting glows with bright halos like the phosphorous strike of a match.
“I've never seen someone that likes frozen sweets as much as you Cap-but I'm surprised you want spumoni, would have thought it would be butter pecan ice cream.”  Tony says, sounding fondly amused.  Steve
past revelations,
“We will, but you better take your hearing aides out or you might regret telling us that. Isn't that right Cap?” Steve feels his face heat with the images that conjures. He pulls Tony a little more tightly against himself, trying to adjust his train of thought into something that doesn't involve Tony and a bed.
about him. Rhodey's never going to stop saying I told you so. Tony may as well write it on his headstone, because it's never going to end for as long as he lives.
“Maybe, but I’m not touchin’ you, so don’t ask.”  A round of scattered laughter met the words, and Steve felt his whole body go hot with embarrassment.  Everyone had heard, of course they had.  It wasn’t polite to ask all this stuff of an omega he barely knew, and what’s more, Steve was not big and strong.  The way alphas were supposed to be, the way his ma’ and his dad had been.  The way he hoped he might be if it turned out he was an alpha too.  Russell was an omega, he’d have his pick.
“No it's...it's not-it's definitely not just sex.” Tony concedes again. “Steve, he's different than I thought he was going to be. Not in a
“I thought you would leave if you saw.” Tony finally speaks, gaze fixed somewhere to the left.
“I prefer pragmatic. Besides, what's worse, being pragmatic, or the
“Look Tony, I don't know what's happened in your past, I got some idea, but if you ever want to tell me I'll listen. But I just. I understand, that you'd want to maybe keep some things to yourself.” Steve's words trip over themselves, as if he's in a hurry to get them out. “Boundaries are an important part of any relationship.” Steve continues with an air of recital.
Moments after handing the phone back over Tony gets the text. Steve has drawn little hearts around the banana. The caption reads 'It's Banan-a long day, hope to see you soon.'
They leave the washroom after that. Steve stays nearby while Tony shakes hands, turns on the charm and dazzles in turns. It's a glorious facade, a tribute to the golden idiot he used to be. He collects millions from people who have probably never even tasted water from a tap; charms it right out of their bloated bank accounts and into something that matters.
“No, you know-do you think he'd like one of these prizes?” Steve looks so earnest, as if the thought of showing up empty handed is not an option. Despite his height and general supersoldier everything, sometimes Tony can really tell Steve used to be the kind of guy no one looked twice at.
As it turned out, lying about his age didn’t seem to help matters any.  He was still turned away, his health records doing more against him than any forged age marker could.  All the while, the war in Europe waged on.  Steve read all the papers, saw the devastation in pictures of a bombed London, tales of horrible scenes witnessed by fleeing refugees, and waited for congress to finally join up.  He worked out harder than ever with Lorenzo, on some days Mia came down and helped with his form too.  He was starting to get real good at speaking Italian too, good enough to get his cheeks pinched by the tiny stooped nonna that visited the De Rossis every weekend for gossip and espresso.  She critiqued his accent at first, but lately she had nothing but praise.  Steve felt unaccountably proud when he’d greeted her last, and she exclaimed in approval, she was a tough critic, and a shark at cards, Steve couldn’t have asked for a better bellwether for his linguistic success.
Steve remembers the pale white lines of old scars and he feels like kicking himself. Shrapnel scars. Of course. Before he can insert his foot further into his mouth Dummy squeaks, drawing their attention upwards to where he's bobbing the new uniform around as if to say
“Nope, red and gold, of course.” Tony says with a grin.  “But I want you all to dress comfortably, this isn't like one of those galas-just us. Well us and Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey of course. All the important people.” There's something fragile in the statement. For all the press paints Tony as a promiscuous party boy Lothario, in all the time they've been a team, Steve can count how many parties the man has been to on one hand. Of those parties, only one had been for something other than Stark Industries. It makes something warm settle over him, that Tony only wants those he's closest to joining them. It means tonight he will just be Tony, instead of Tony Stark. There's a clear difference between his public persona, and the person he is in private. Steve loves all of Tony, even the masks, but his Tony is the clear favorite.
“Steve Rogers, that is not what I asked you.” And yeah that was the same voice too.  Steve licked his lips, feeling the split in it more by texture than any sensation.  It didn’t really feel like anything, not compared to the way his body was humming.
“Oh I see, did Tony here let you have a fun ride? He's good for that. Great guns and great head, or so I hear.” Hammer spits out, all sly words and innuendo. Behind him, Steve has gone frighteningly still. Clint's softly whispered
“Someone please at least kick him in the balls this time.” Iron man's modulated voice comes over the comms as Captain Marvel rips the arm from the robot currently engaging her. JARVIS helpfully plays a cheerful little victory ditty over the team line for her in response.
With magic, she lifted Tony from the ground. A red mist surrounded him, lifting his body, wings and all, to trap him against a pillar. Wanda brought her fingers together, and Tony felt his windpipe beginning to constrict.
Biting down on the back of his fist, Steve buried his face into the pillow to keep the sobs from tumbling out. With his other hand, he pulled the blanket over his head, and muffled the sounds that threatened to escape.
“Apollo, I don’t know if I’m worth all this,” Bucky said as Tony described the weapons he was designing for him.
infiltrate a highly-secure building, heavily-guarded by
Steve smiled, pleased to see him. “I did the required reading. Had some free time yesterday.” He pulled Tony onto his lap, so the omega could straddle his (amazing) thighs and rest his head on his (incredible) shoulder. He whispered in his ear, “I’m sorry about Coney Island, sweetheart. But you know, saving-the-world comes first.”
"You damned well know which one!
“Looks like we pissed her off,” Nat said, as they gawked at Midnight, who had lowered her spear and transformed herself into a dragon of a deep, beautiful blue.
“Use gold titanium alloy. Improve fuselage integrity while maintaining power-to-weight ratio.”
“Then once more wouldn’t make a difference,” Tony said, as he returned his smile, looking at him with those bright, beguiling eyes he could never say
Steve had volunteered, of course, because what kind of monster wouldn’t let the most powerful mages in the realm experiment on him to save the man he loved?
(See the end of the chapter for
“You – what?”
“Did he keep it?” Tony asked, referring to the seed.
With the enemy directing their firepower at the new arrivals, the frost dragon glided toward the Howlies, ready to snuff out any fires that threatened to break, but just as it looked like the tides had turned, the situation got much, much worse.
Steve had to clasp his hands tightly together to prevent himself from snatching the book out of Lord Strange’s hands. The sorcerer, as if oblivious to his inner turmoil, leafed through the pages at an infuriatingly slow pace and when he came to a pause, brows furrowed in concentration, Steve thought he would pass out from the suspense.
Midnight snorted. “We have blood to spare. For each of you that we slaughter, you must do away with a hundred of us. We can sustain losses for weeks, months. But when you run out of men, and you will, we will take your precious city and lay waste to it. Your last chance to avoid - catastrophe - if you just hand us the stone.”
The festive décor put everyone in a great mood and his parents were generous and forthcoming with their compliments about the house and Tony’s cooking. Even Howard looked pleased. His eyes sparkled and Tony hadn’t seen him laugh so much in a long time.
“It’s gonna take weeks to process,” Bruce complained, glancing at them briefly before turning his attention back to the screens.
Tony’s eyes grew wide.
She was closely followed by Corvus Glaive, now identifiable with his long gold horns, and Cull Obsidian, with his massive clubbed tail.
“Like Christmas. But with a lot more – you.”
Steve laughed. “You think I should have kids with Natasha?”
Tony glared at them. “Is everything a joke to you guys?”
“How about the rest?” Steve asked, looking testily at Nat as he smoothly diverted the discussion.
Pausing in front of a side table, Steve noticed the typical tools for alchemy: a crucible, a mortar and pestle, a retort for the distillation of liquids. A number of canisters sat on the shelves, containing common ingredients for the making potions, but one of the bottles stood out to him, with its label clearly displayed around its neck - L
“A few minutes of your time. Hammer’s been working on an
Still, Steve was no moon. He’d always been too bright, too hot for anyone to hold. And the others had kept their distance. Everyone but Bucky.
The ride home was quiet, save for the soft sound of tears hitting Tony’s lap. The moment Happy stepped on the brakes, Tony raced upstairs to hide in the sanctuary of his own room.
Steve kept quiet as Tony rambled, simply holding him close.
“Ooh!” Tony breathed, his face all scrunched up as he imagined the pain. “A tree? Like this one?” he asked, and turned behind to run a hand gently down its bark.
Later that evening, they met on the rooftop, softly lit by the moon and stars. Tony’s heart fluttered as the turntable, recently fixed, piped the notes from
“That main ship is impenetrable.”
Steve interrupted, “His only job is to keep Tony safe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How about aerosols? Just like some of the mini extinguishers?” The young man shrugged. “You could find a way to miniaturise them, and while you’re at it, might as well add a metering valve to deliver the right dose.”
The bond. Their wires had crossed in the beginning, but they had since been straightened out. They were connected, for better or worse. If Tony was broken, then so was Steve.
Peter, who’d already stretched his tail to thrice its original length, coiled himself around Ivan’s lower body and spiralled around Ivan’s torso so he could bind it to the sea stack.
“Earth’s mightiest heroes. Scattered like stardust.”
Nat rolled off quickly and hurled a taser disc at his metal arm. Soft cheers went around the room as contact was made, decommissioning the bionic arm for a couple of seconds.
“Well, we can’t all see the future. You know that right?” Tony continued.
"I'd love that,” Steve said, smiling brightly back.
“Tones, I swear I didn’t expect to see you walking so soon,” Rhodey said, pulling him into an embrace, which he returned enthusiastically.
Just like its maker.
“You're going to let me?"  he asked, his voice small and hopeful.
“Steve!”
“A secret base. Why am I not surprised?” Tony commented, as he stepped out of the vehicle.
“You’ve been through a lot. We cannot keep putting your life at risk,” Bruce said, looking at him in concern.
Was there an alternate universe where he could have been happy about this?
Tony shrugged. “It’s a compromise. Nobody likes a show-off. And everyone likes to win.”
you get one?” Tony asked, genuinely curious. It was just as Yinsen had suggested then - that all dragons had a special name, one they had to speak aloud in order to complete the transformation, at least the first time.
Sarah patted his hand with a mix of pride and regret. “I wish Joseph were here.”
. That is what has got Pierce so pissed.”
Tony groaned, bracing himself for the long battle ahead. “I gotta say though. I would kill for some armour right now.”
He took no notice of those voices, and focused instead on Peter reading by Tony’s side. The young page read tirelessly in an upbeat voice, even as he paused occasionally to look at Tony’s sleeping face, as if anticipating a witty anecdote or a humorous quip – which didn’t come.
“Someone might,” Tony murmured, as he was suddenly struck by a brainwave.
“Nothing,” Sam said. “It’s just - you remind us - of someone.”
,” he added, flinging the word at Obie like one would a dagger.
Tony was no stranger to the woods and the life that dwelled within. Some of his fondest memories included riding their rafts down the rapids near the Rauros Falls, where he would harmonise his whistles with the songs of the birds, all the while hiding in the branches of tall oaks. In the evenings, he'd sip on hot chocolate around the bonfire, where his parents would tell him stories of legendary heroes and their incredible feats.
“I don’t know,” Tony admitted. “You’re in a relationship with me. “Nothing is ever going to be okay. But if we work on it, I think it could even be good."
The source of the ruby’s magic was a drop of celestial dragon blood, said to provide its wearer with the power of fire. Other stones that formed from fangs, scales or other organs bestowed different powers on their wearers. And there was a belief that successfully collecting one of the six different stones would grant the collector a single wish.
“Is that – Is that a giant bird?” he asked, as he gaped. “Oh my God. That is a giant falcon,” he said. “How nice it is to fly,” Tony mused enviously as Sam climbed onto Redwing.
Howard had never been one to stay still, too concerned about the world around him and its progress. He could finally rest now. Tony was thankful for his father’s influence, one which inspired him to change their world.
“I know. We’ll do that. But what if...” Steve said, before trailing off.
?” Rhodey asked, surprised.
“Thank you,” Steve said, standing on his toes as if he was going to kiss Tony’s nose. Awkwardly, Steve pulled away abruptly. “Sorry, I don’t know what’s come over me,” he said, and his cheeks were flushed with pink.
Tony frowned as he tried to recall that conversation, where his parents were talking about a vacation back home. “We’ve discussed this,” he reminded him gently. “Summers in Ferrecita? Did you – did you change your mind?”
Steve texted at least once a day and Tony always responded promptly, assuring Steve that he was eating and getting enough sleep. So Tony became concerned one day when he received no word. A second day. And a third. Steve said the mission would take a week and it had already been ten days. The silence was driving him insane.
Tony shrugged. “Back home, they’re pests, just like they were in Berk.”
Steve froze, blue eyes turning to ice. “Bucky?” he asked. His voice loud and clear, a contrast to his face, soft and unreadable.
Steve peered at it, examining it from different angles. “It seems to generate some form of electricity.”
“Yep. What do I do?” he whispered back.
“Just find the cube,” he ordered, leaving the room, so Tony and Bruce could continue their work. In a couple of minutes, they were joined by Natasha, then Thor and finally Director Fury himself.
Tony had been up all night brainstorming ways to make his suit more portable when he heard the newsflash about the crisis in Gulmira.
Steve shrugged. “You’re real,” he assured him and kissed his nose.
With its sharp slopes of screes, the mountain was largely inaccessible, so visitors were few and infrequent. Apart from the occasional visit from Rhodey and Peter, Strange had also dropped in a couple of times – to keep him informed about various developments, which were by and large, ominous and worrying.
. It was delicious and indulgent and sinful. It turned his legs to jelly and his head to mush.
And then he grinned when they swiftly aborted their plan to remove the rest of his clothes, because no one was going to touch Captain America’s bonded mate, even though they were all goners already.
“Mention that again and I’ll disarm you for real,” she said and playfully made a slicing motion at his left shoulder.
“I’m sorry,” he began, once he heard footsteps approaching. “I didn’t mean to break it.”
Tony’s eyes widened with surprise, before they sparkled with delight. “Of course, a horse! To celebrate a stable relationship. A stallion though? Thought you’d get me a mare for getting mare-ried!” he said, giggling at his joke.
“Ooh, serpents!” Thor exclaimed, and put down his cup to reach for one as it vanished. “I’m sorry,” Thor said, as he wiped up the spilled coffee with the back of his hand. “I love snakes,” he explained. “But I’ll stop beating about the bush,” Thor added, when he noticed their eyes on him.
“Wait,” Tony said, as Steve turned back to look at him, the unspoken question on his lips answered with a soft kiss. “Go get her.”
Planting a row of kisses down Steve’s jawline toward his neck, Tony paused briefly to suck at the skin just below his ear. Steve shuddered and moaned as he pulled Tony into his arms and onto his lap, where Tony could distinctly feel his husband's desire pressing against him.
Tony watched absently as his mother brushed his hair, sighing softly as his unruly locks refused to comport themselves to her will. In the end, she doused his head in half a bottle of hairspray, pressed hard on his wild mane, and nodded in satisfaction when it finally stayed.
“Oh boy. Those two are going to make waves,” Clint said as Sam thumped him on the back, causing him to cough violently.
“That is - very impressive,” he said, slightly awed and very amused that Tony had been privy to such information.
"A home sounds good," he croaked, over the lump in his throat, watching as Steve's face lit up against the darkening sky.
Tony ached for his dad to take him into his arms, but he soon remembered how the same arms were about to cast him out, into the hands of a complete stranger.
to him, so Steve was familiar with the heroic conquests by the King of Geats, finding rich inspiration in his courage to face off against giants, dragons and the like.
“Wow,” Tony said, when he finally found his voice. “Heard through the grapevine that you were quite the budding artist, but they didn’t say you liked gardening too.”
“I'll see you later then. Goodbye, Tony,” Killian waved as he stepped into the elevator, leaving Tony alone with Steve.
“The castle! It’s unguarded!” Steve cried.
His eyes were full of sadness as he looked at her.
It was a sight that took his breath away - six dragons battling it out in the skies, with their unique abilities of ice, fire and lightning immortalised in the carvings. One of them was impressively sized and his stocky body was covered with spiky scales. He led two smaller dragons, one with fiery horns and the other with a forked tail that glowed with sparks.
“Do me a favour, J. Replace the missiles in my shoulder-mounted guns with the antidotes. Are the targeting systems functional?”
“Disappointing my kids,” he sighed, oblivious to the mess he was making. “I’m supposed to go water-skiing.”
We’re finally here, at this very climatic point of the story!
The press had made it out to look like an episode of drink driving. But Tony knew his father. He hadn’t had a drop, not since the time he nearly drove their family off a cliff. He hadn’t had a drink in years.
“Yes,” she said, and closed her eyes for a few painful seconds. When she opened them again, they were brimming with tears.
Taking a deep breath to steady himself, Tony took a step down the cave-like tunnel towards the high gates, and when heavy footsteps echoed behind him, he breathed a small sigh of relief.
The interior was dark and cave-like, so flickering torches, held up by claw-shaped handles, were found along the finely-etched walls of tesselating scales. The back of the throne rose to the height of two fully-grown men and finished in a pair of majestic spiralled horns while armrests extended sideways to resemble arched wings. The seat was unusually wide, made for two dragons to sit on quite comfortably, or a particularly enormous one to lie on.
“We don’t,” Steve said.
“Come here,” he asked, voice soft.
“But you’ve treated him before,” she continued, not at all bothered by the stares in their direction.
“I do. I cried at your memorial,” he said, gingerly shaking the hand offered to him. “Hi -  Ho - How are you? How are you not dead? Loki’s glow stick went right through your heart.”
He paused, listening closely to something. Tony increased the volume of the speakers to hear a woman’s voice – Nat’s. The assassin crouched. With slow, deliberate moves, he retrieved a grenade from one of numerous pockets and rolled it under a car. It exploded, tearing the car into pieces.
Tony jabbed his finger into the damn sand and spelt out the letters of the legendary dragon’s name in a last-ditch attempt to summon the beast.
“They’re not stopping,” Peter observed.
Following his directions, Tony aimed his handgun at the lamp closest to them and fired. “You see that? Nailed it,” he boasted.
Steve had been fearful to some degree, but only on Tony’s behalf. He wasn’t afraid of all dragons, and least of all of Tony. Still, he grimaced as he recalled the thoughtless words that had slipped out of his mouth, which must have surely hurt the man he loved and deepened the rift between them.
“You caught me,” Tony said, a hint of awe in his voice. “No one’s ever done that before.”
“Anyone seen that really old movie
Tony turned his eyes to the blue sky and watched the sun shine down on them from behind fine wisps of cloud. It was the perfect day for a picnic, to lay on the grass, feast on the sight of wildflowers and gulp down the fresh springtime air.
“Yes,” he said. He’d like that very much. "Have you ever been? To Armestria?” he asked.
Tony could barely think. He felt light-headed and dizzy, and thankful he was sitting down. An omega was offering him food – that he made himself. It was a walnut date loaf, with a sponge base, packed with dates and creamy walnuts, and a generous layer of icing on top. Without even thinking about it, Tony took a bite –
Tony gaped at this information. "Treekrapper?" he asked, recalling the dragonet playmate that used to live on castle grounds. Tony had been devastated when he stopped coming. His mother said the dragonet had to hide somewhere safe, because his people had started an anti-dragon campaign after an army of dracafyre had raided the Mines of Auria.
basement was the one place in their home which Steve had politely asked Tony to stay away from. Tony tried to go in once, when Steve wasn’t home, but found it locked. With all the secrets he was keeping from Steve, he decided that it was only fair for Steve to have some of his own. But Steve was going to unlock it for him now.
The objections came flying.
“Nooo!” Tony screamed, as he surged forward and landed in front of Steve, right as Thanos pierced his sword-like talons into his sides, scorching his skin with fire and lightning, acid searing deep into his wounds. As Thanos withdrew his talons, fresh blood poured from Tony’s wounds.
“He’s a friend- from work. And we also went to school together. He-”
“Speaking of looking within –” Wanda began, and focused her glowing red eyes on Tony.
Tony panicked at the sight of the broken stylus in his hands. Steve hadn’t given him permission to touch his turntable. But he also hadn’t forbidden him from touching it. Still, he didn’t want to explain what he was trying to do. He didn’t want to tell Steve about his tinkering and his precious toolbox. He wasn’t ready to give it up just yet.
Steve gave him a dry look. “I’m pretty sure you can take care of that.”
“He - is going to be my bodyguard.” Oh yes, that could work. A suit of armour
“Do they know?” Steve asked.
A marriage was a collision of two worlds, the destruction of individual pasts and the construction of a shared future. A couple often had to give up parts of themselves in order to fit.
“We have the base formula but are still working on the glitches. Imagine hacking into the hard drive of any living organism and recoding its DNA.”
Tony and Peter took off for the skies, eager to lure Ivan away from Steve even though the stubborn man was still running in his efforts to hit the dark prince with his shield. Ivan soared above Tony and Peter, and flapped his heavy storm wings from above. Caught in the downdraft, Tony found himself falling toward the beach, stopping only when he hit the sand.
Tony laughed at Jarvis's attempt to delay the inevitable by presenting him as a troublemaker. “Do you agree?” he asked, curious about the sort of impression he'd made.
“No, the Iron Man.”
“No, no, no, Tony. Please,” the king pleaded as he tore the fabric of his tunic, wrapping it around Tony’s wounds to stanch the bleeding.
“Hey, buddy, I missed you too. But what’s with the mess? You should have handled it.”
“I’ve been making pancakes, for us. Do you want to have some? With me?” It's a peace offering. A tribute. One that Steve accepted with a huge smile.
“Something like that,” Jarvis answered. She’s a good gardener though. I’ll give her that. She has a knack for selecting the best blooms. And she’s fastidious about the watering. She’s found that perfect balance between tending to them without overdoing it, and they flourish under her care.”
Tony’s mind whirred as he watched the gears in his clock spin. It was 7.00 a.m. Steve had (hopefully) just woken up. In a couple of minutes, he would be preparing to meet with the World Security Council, to negotiate the parameters of their mission.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
It had taken him a while, almost a year, to get there. In that time, he learnt to manage his anxiety, to drift with the current, trusting his ability to find his way back to shore.
“I don’t like this waiting. Sitting around,” Tony complained, doing the opposite of that, pacing restlessly around the room, which was a clear sign of how anxious he was. “There must be something we can do,” Tony said. “Their forces outnumber ours ten to one,” he added, citing the intelligence they'd just received.
Maria picked up on his distress almost instantly, so she expressed a desire to wait by the fireplace, inviting Tony to join her. Tony found himself warming his freezing hands with a cup of hot chocolate as he tried to catch up with his mother, whom he hadn’t seen for months.
Tony scurried about the living room, berating DUM-E, his robot child, as he performed a myriad of household chores.
“Newt Salamander.
Tony blinked, eyes adjusting to the sudden brightness as the lights flickered on. Shelves. A couple of large tables. Was that a saw table? A puttering bench? A computer? Power tools? Welding gear? A soldering station? What was Steve trying to do here? It wasn’t a home office. Or an art studio.
Tony let out a sigh. Briefly, he told Rhodey about Gulmira, Stuttgart, New York, glossing over the details in the interest of time. He told him about his fight with Steve, apologised for going silent and explained his plan to rescue Steve and Nat, throwing out an invitation for his friend to come along. He was desperate for all the help he could get.
“They’re all good.”
“Their destiny,” Tony finished, as his bright eyes shone with excitement.
He vaguely heard Wanda shouting at Pietro to fetch Lord Strange from the fields, as Steve desperately tried to close his wounds. Tony focused on his own heartbeat getting slower, and his breath coming in shallow gasps.
Thanks so much for your patience! I'll reply to the comments real soon! Just wanted to post this update first! I hope you like it! :D
Bucky stood stiffly in place. “I - I never told her. Despite how much we fought, I loved her most. And she was the best of us.”
“Not good,” Sam answered, his eyes grim. “We couldn’t stop the venom from spreading.”
Even lying in bed, he could see the concrete between the gaps, which had strengthened together over the years, allowing the building stones to stand together, tall and proud, to protect all who dwelled within.
“That’s impossible. The stones are mine. I’ve killed kings and slaughtered armies – all for these stones! This is
“They’re dead?”
With a pained howl, Obie reverted to his human form, which was even more hideous than Tony remembered from ten years ago. The grotesque-looking dragon chased him down, before grabbing Tony by the neck and hurling him against a large stalactite.
“I’m not afraid,” Steve insisted.
“Yet, he’s never mentioned you.”
Sunshine or rain, Steve wished to hold on to Tony’s hand forever as they walked down this journey of life, but they were already moving on to different paths. Part of the journey is the end. All Steve could do was to make the most of what remained of their time together and hope it would be enough.
Steve nodded grimly. “Odds are that we’ll be riding into heavy fire and that’s what we signed up for. The Anguisians – they didn’t. All they want is to live their lives in peace, and that’s not going to happen today. We have to keep them out of it.”
“Death!” they roared, their faces red with determination.
“Rogers here. I’ll see you there.”
“Not really. I was hoping you would show me,” Steve said, bashful smile on his face.
Wanda raised her arm to cut him off, the look in her eyes turning hard with resolve. “Howard Stark took my father from me,” she said, as she levelled her gaze at Tony. “And today, I will take everything from him.”
Even when Steve had nothing, he had
Tony rolled his eyes and glared at the stubborn man. He could sniff the blood in the air and hear the telltale sounds of blood trickling on stone. “Steve,” he growled, and took a step forward.
Steve shrugged, and then said, “I just see a boy who wants to be loved.”
“Friend Stephen! This is my brother Loki, prince of Asgard, god of mischief, master of deceit,” Thor continued, beaming brightly as he stepped aside to reveal a man with an impressive set of horns.
Ever since his capture, the Ten Rings had been on SHIELD’s radar. The consequent destruction of their bases led to them fleeing to the cities.
Sorry to leave on this angsty cliffhanger! The chapter was getting way too long and I need a little more time to work on the next one. They will work it out soon, I promise! I don't want Tony to suffer for much longer! Thank you so much for reading!
“That’s my man,” Tony breathed, incredibly relieved.
The dragonstones were lying on a tray of black velvet, arranged in a circle with a gap for one, so after extracting the heartstone from its dirt-stained wooden box, Steve carefully positioned it between the red and blue gems.
Eyes widened and jaws fell as the twins turned to look at Thanos, but the emperor just threw his head back and laughed, emphasising Tony’s point when his enormous chins caught the light.
“Lever! Now!” he shouted.
Steve only nodded, content with listening to Tony’s recount, enthralled by the fire in his eyes and the radiant glow of his face.
“The Hulk?”
It was wrong. Tony knew it. But Killian’s warm hand felt so good in the chilly breeze. Tony closed his eyes for a second to clear his head and almost instantly felt warm lips pressed against his own. “No, no. Stop. Please stop. I can’t,” Tony pleaded as he tried to struggle out of Killian’s vice-like grip.
Steve frowned, turning it over. “A replica? Is this some sort of light?” he asked, looking directly into the repulsor with his thumb hovering over an internal switch.
Tony watched, in a trance, as Steve gave orders to the household, grateful that someone else had taken charge of it so he could focus on processing his feelings. When Steve turned towards him, eyes clouding with concern, Tony gave him a reassuring wave. And then, he realised.
“No, it’s not.”
“Are you ready for our dance?"
“Don’t worry. Company’s coming,” she assured, raising more than a few eyebrows (Tony’s included).
“One of these days, you are going to get us evicted.” Tony remarked evenly when the lift doors closed.
“It’s tradition," Sam explained, "for the newlyweds to ride home by carriage, get to know each other better.”
“I don’t know," Tony said. "Other people. Like Miss Romanov.”
But for Tony, they weren’t. He knew he shouldn't keep secrets from Steve. But he just wanted to keep him safe.
The simple life. They’d get there one day. Right?
Treekrapper (Peter Parker)
“Yes, sir. If anything, they’ve been improved by Captain Rogers to be heat-sensitive to enhanced individuals.”
“Fine,” he wheezed, while trying to catch his breath.
Peter sighed, flashing a sheepish smile. “Your father. When he saved me from those poachers, I hadn’t learnt how to change to my human form.”
Jones'
“We’re about to meet the commanders,” Nat explained to Tony. “Will you come?”
“Just my friends,” Fury answered, this time showing him a new message [You and Hill].
Rhodey frowned. “If he wanted you to leave, why has he been moping around this whole time?”
A team was built in four stages –
Please let me know what you think! Did you expect Steve to find out about Tony's secret like this? How do you think he's going to react?
The captain sighed, rubbing his temples. “Can we keep this conversation for tomorrow? It’s very late and there is so much we need to talk about."
, they dragged Tony out of his workshop to hang out (in ceiling vents) so they could eavesdrop on conversations. They felt like the older siblings he never had, and he soon learnt (the soft way) that “wrestling matches” was code for cuddle parties.
“How old is he? And what does he look like?” Steve asked, curious about the friendly neighbourhood Iron Man who often made the news for foiling bank robberies and helping old ladies with directions.
“Well, you can’t shoot the bulb at this distance,” Tony huffed defensively.
A N T H O N Y S T R A K
Steve looked him over, with fond consideration, before giving him a nod. Sam would have been faster with Redwing, but the old chiefs had fought under King George’s banner. They would recognise Bucky as the late king’s son and come to their aid with haste.
“Steve!” Tony shouted, as he tossed the shield at him in a swirl of red, white and blue, before running off to give the basilisk a new target.
Spring had arrived at their home in a vase of fresh flowers, which sat among plates of steak and eggs, salad and fruit, right in the middle of the dining table that was set for two. Bright sunlight filtered through the windows, but Tony remained in his bedroom, likely still asleep from another late night.
“Aching, suffering – ”
“You’re not just any omega,” Steve said, reaching for his hand, an effort Tony swiftly rebuffed with a quick slap to the bicep. Steve winced, just a bit, as the metal hit a soft spot.
So, it was Howard who scaled the wall with just his hobnail boots. It was Howard who sang to the dragonet and gained his trust. It was Howard who cradled the young dragon and carried him down at the risk of his own life, taking him back to the palace, where they raised him as one of their own.
“Come on, buddy. Wake up,” he said, softly shaking the sleeping man.
“Oh, sorry,” Tony said, as he turned around to stab him on his shoulder. “Funny how annoying a little prick can be, huh?”
Tony raised a hand in front of him, clenching and unclenching his fist to create a bright flame, which was just enough to illuminate the complicated tunnels ahead. Adrenaline coursed through his veins as he kept a quick pace, sprinting through the tunnels in search of the exit. If he could escape from the cave before Obie, there would be some way to seal its exits and entomb the knave.
“Mr Stark. It’s wonderful to finally meet you. Stevie talks about you all the time.”
It was strange, perhaps, that they were married, even bonded, for close to two years and had yet to say the words. But everything they did had been backwards from the start. Besides, it wasn't a secret. They both knew, could feel it through the bond. Still, Tony thought it would be nice to say them one day.
“Yeah, you really killed the glass,” was Rhodey’s unimpressed reply as the lights stayed on.
“The thing is, you don’t have to," Tony said, frowning at his husband. "Because
Depleted of their magic, the stones were transparent and devoid of colour, all of which appeared to have returned to Tony’s bronzed cheeks and glossy lips.
Tony shook his head and planted his feet firmly into the sand, like a tree. “We have to fight.”
“- the hell did you do to me?”
Tony’s face brightened when he spotted the box in Steve’s hand. “Is that for me?” he asked, as he reached for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re facing off with dragons. How is this not my fight? I can think of a hundred reasons to go in there with you. How many have you got against that?”
Steve grinned. “And if I do?” he asked.
Tony was enjoying the show till Loki knocked Steve over and pointed his sceptre at him, demanding that he kneel. And that tipped Tony over the edge, spurred him into action, because Steve, the great Captain America, would kneel for no one, not even a power-hungry demigod. Except that one time when he did a thing for Tony and it was hot as hell, but wait. Never mind.
“Cap, don't you know?. I’m ALWAYS
Hi! This is the third chapter of the story. I hope it's not too out-of-this-world. I've never written anything like that before so I had to refer to a number of books / films namely Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Harry Potter, Lord or the Rings, Game of Thrones, Pirates of the Carribean. Thank you for reading!
Steve turned away abruptly and checked his watch before mumbling something about being late for a job at the department store, where he would spend the rest of the evening shining shoes.
Crying into his pillow, Tony didn’t even hear the knocking on his door. He barely registered Steve walking into his bedroom and sitting down beside him. He let him pull him into his arms, body shaking with forceful sobs.
“Thank you for -,” he said, gesturing vaguely. Because he never knew what he was thanking Jarvis for. What he knew was that every time he found himself in a quandary, a tight spot, a jam, Jarvis was already there in his corner, ready to show him the way out.
Tony’s head felt light and dizzy and his vision began to blur before whiting out. Unable to inhale or exhale, he was prevented from using
, muttered Howard, quite tenderly, as he offered his dagger with its jewelled sheath in response.
Happy knew what Tony was doing, of course. But he’d known Tony since he was a boy. He’d never sell him out to Steve. Neither would he attempt to stop him. And with the tools he’d slowly put together and kept hidden in his closet, Tony began working on his own super-secret projects whenever Steve left the home for extended periods of time.
Tony whimpered at the sound of Steve’s voice, hard and unrelenting.
Tony’s eyes moved upward, trying to keep the cold blood in his veins from freezing as he took in the boots, the uniform, the arm, and the iciest blue eyes he’d ever seen.
“Have you lost many?” she asked.
It seemed like it wasn't so easy adjusting to life forty years in the future. While the captain slept, the world spun on and the ones he loved had moved on with their lives. He laid down his life to save millions only to find out the war wasn’t over. Add that to a healthy dose of post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and the nation had a super (unbalanced) soldier on their hands.
As Steve climbed off, Tony took deep breaths and imagined the barren moss blooming with wildflowers blooming in order to calm his heart.
Above the chirping of the birds, Tony could make out hushed whispers outside his bedroom door.
“Captain.”
The greatest sorcerers had come together at the behest of Lord Strange, and employed everything from traditional medicines to magic in their attempts to save Tony. Herbs had been gathered, potions brewed, poultices made. Prayers had been said, rituals conducted to slow the poison’s progress.
“He’s led them out of the underworld to battle his wars,” Tony concluded. “They’re not fighting of their own volition. You can tell by the colour of their pupils. They’re white.”
Steve might have won the battle. But Tony would make sure he lost the war. It would be a Pyrrhic victory, so devastating that Steve might as well have been the one vanquished.
Tony moved into his embrace without much of a fight and leaned his head against Steve’s chest.
“I’m multitasking,” Tony explained.
“No.' I don’t have anybody,” he said as he felt his eyes welling up.
“Thanos named me, when he made me like this.”
,” he roared, as a fireball streaked toward Thanos’ face.
“DUM-E,” Steve repeated. “You tell everyone it stands for “Damn Useless Machine” because it never does what it’s supposed to. You’re a livewire, the most unpredictable person I've met. But i think you know exactly what you’re doing. Your naming conventions, the nomenclature, they're very systematic. DUM-E is the fifth iteration in a series of robots, isn’t he? Before him, there was DUM-A, DUM-B, DUM-C and DUM-D.”
masterpiece and realised dinnertime had come and gone.
“Whining,” Sam told him as he shoved a map into his magical hands.
“You know who I am.”
What did the country do with unstable alpha heroes? They gave them volatile omegas to make them happy. Tony would have laughed, if he hadn't been too busy being horrified, when he first heard of his father’s plans to marry him to Captain Rogers. He was supposed to help! Do his part for the country like a war prize.
For all the times he’d considered his powers to be a curse, they had at least allowed him to be his own forge. The mountains were at his disposal and long talons enabled him to rip up the earth to mine iron deposits, which he smelted and shaped with careful puffs of his breath into whatever his heart desired.
In a fit of anger, Pietro flung the shield onto the ground, leaving cracks in the marble floor. “Then, why did Father have to die?” he asked, sending chills down Tony’s spine with his frosty tone.
Steve’s voice was in his ear. “Tony, are we off the grid?”
A bashful smile was on his lips. “I was distracted,” Tony said.
“Death!” they shouted in one voice, and charged after Steve, gathering speed like a tidal wave sweeping toward the enemy.
“Steve, wait. We have to talk.”
Steve recognised some of them:
Tony beamed as Steve came around with the tray, and helplessly, Steve found himself smiling back, getting lost again in those warm, gold eyes. They were still gazing into each other’s eyes when Strange picked up a bread roll.
If Steve was upset by the request, he didn’t show it. “First time?” he asked.
“Mmmm…” Steve said, smacking his lips as he played along. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
“Tell me about Bucky,” he asked.
“Too fast. Nothing. Again,” he said, this time making a slower sweep of their surroundings. “Two techs, unarmed, walking in our direction. They’re taking out the trash."
Tony let out a puff of air and forced himself to take a deep breath. “Home,” he said, “is where I was attacked. Twice. Home is where the
Tony pressed his cheek against Steve's chest, wrapping his arms gently around his stiff body. Steve melted into the embrace, resting his chin on the top of his husband’s head. Tony could feel the bandages around Steve’s torso. It was only hours ago that he’d raced to the medical bay to find Steve bleeding all over Dr Cho’s operating table.
At the sound of his footsteps, Steve turned his head. “Hey,” he murmured softly, as his clear eyes shone with surprise.
Nonetheless, it would be hard work and an exhausting journey. But wasn’t that how it was for everything worth working for?
Steve frowned at Tony’s bedroom door, which remained closed as a wave of irritation coursed through his body. He resolved to have words with Lord Strange to tell him in no uncertain terms to release Tony at a decent hour from now on, dragon training be damned.
“Oh no, you take it,” she insisted, almost immediately.
“Oy,” Clint shouted, interrupting them. “The beast’s hide is too thick to be pierced from the outside. I must cut through it from the inside.”
Midnight bared her teeth and raised her spear, and let out a piercing shriek. Answering her cry, her horde of warriors beat their swords against their shields, and clamoured in one voice - for death.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Steve snapped.
Just then, rainbow light beamed from the heavens above. A hammer flew out of it, wreathed with lightning. It tore through the enemy troops, and cut swathes through their ranks before disappearing back into the tornado that had appeared out of nowhere.
There was no doubting Maria’s joy at welcoming her boys back home. “Family should stay together,” she said.
Dernier’s
“Oh, you mean
an unconventional spouse,” Steve countered, as he pulled Tony closer.
A relatively hardy tree, the heartewoode would keep growing and if they were blessed, it would one day bloom and bear fruit. Life would go on, with or without Tony, whether or not Steve wished to be a part of it.
At the warm press of his mouth, Steve’s lips parted like the petals of a blooming flower, and let him in, offering to him the perfect mix of fresh flowers and aged honey and everything else that was the love of his life.
“Then, I’m right where I need to be.”
It was meant to be a picnic, on the lawn, under the stars. Jarvis and Ana had outdone themselves with the food and desserts and they were all in for a treat.
“And we’ll be short of a king,” Tony mumbled.
“Steve!” Tony yelled, and raced toward his limp body. Gently, he cradled Steve’s body and took him to the other side of the room, a safe distance from where his friends exchanged blows with the bloodthirsty emperor.
How's everyone doing? The last few days have been horrible as I try to come to terms with Avengers Endgame. I'll just be living in alternate universes now because that's where nothing hurts (at least not permanently). I hope everyone is recovering from the film. Thank you for reading and take care!
Tony was surprised. “That’s what we are?” he asked.
“They do,” Tony agreed. “And after that, it’s a slow agonising death – full of yearning and want. I’ve had a taste – up there in the mountains. There is no way I can leave you behind, not for one summer, not even for a day. I couldn’t even if I wanted to. You have no idea how many times I came back, under the cover of darkness, just to catch a glimpse of you, even though you were always buried under your blankets.”
Tony laughed as Steve’s arms closed around him. “Don’t,” he said, twisting out of the embrace. “I can barely breathe.”
Tony put his hand on Steve's shoulder, interrupting the rambling. “Oh my God. Steve. Stop. Just stop talking. This grovelling thing is really quite unattractive on you. If you say you’re sorry one more time, I’m keeping it,” he threatened, smirking as his husband held the shield protectively, clutching it closer to his chest.
“Fine,” he sighed. But you go where it’s safe, all right?”
Steve gently ran the brush through the brown coat of his horse, and brushed away the dirt and grit that might have gathered. He worked in silence, and the only sound in the stables was that of the swishing brush.
“Not bad,” Strange said, after taking a bite. “A little bit chalky.”
Tony got between them, standing protectively in front of Steve. “Steve, Sputnik, how nice to see you getting along."
The constant supply of presents kept their visitors well-fed and in relatively good spirits, and it allowed them to focus on Tony. Thus, a grateful Steve spent his afternoons writing letters to bereaved families, in which he expressed his condolences and thanked them for their generous gifts and well wishes, for keeping Prince Anthony in their thoughts, even as they mourned their own dead.
Tony twisted the ring on his left hand, reassured by the familiar feel of the gold band. He only took it off when working (safety guidelines drilled into him by an overprotective father) and always kept it carefully in its box, afraid to lose it amongst his tools and fasteners.
The king hastily replaced the protective headpiece when he noticed Tony staring, and it only deepened the blush on his cheeks. “Thank you for coming to our aid in our hour of need,” he offered politely. “It’s been an honour to fight alongside an ally – and a friend.”
“Look, he hasn’t even claimed you yet,” Killian drawled, caressing the smooth skin on Tony’s neck.
Steve continued the assault on the dragon’s head, before Glaive, tired of being pestled into paste, flipped himself around. Instinctively, Steve reached out for the most prominent thing in sight, which was one of Glaive’s golden horns, and it turned out to be a massive mistake.
Because Steve was doing it again – talking about him like he wasn’t there. He was acting like one of his knights, behaving like he didn’t know, almost as if he truly thought Tony was someone else.
. And the golden goose.”
“Yeah,” Steve mumbled. “It’ll heal.”
“Yeah. We don’t really need to start a conversation,” Tony said, and directed their attention to Ivan who was coming back for them.
“All of it, Mr. Stark. I would like to marry you.”
. That wasn’t exactly the word he would use. He thought, as he squirmed in his seat, and his face heated up as he recalled Steve’s ardent kisses under the cover of their tent.
“Are you a good rider?” Steve asked as he considered his request. While he was happy to give the prince free rein, the terrain was challenging at some points
“You know, Tony, when I ordered the hit on you, it pained me to kill the golden goose but you survived to give me one last golden egg. And now, I’m going to kill you with the best weapon you ever made. You had a great idea, but my suit is better in every way.”
And he’d never been touched.
“I could never hate you, Tony,” he whispered. “I love you.”
“I know,” he said miserably. “I miss him, J.”
Steve’s eyes softened as he turned his head to kiss Tony’s nose. His lips moved, as if he wanted to speak but thought the better of it. Tony would have asked, but this was neither the time nor place, now that they were already on enemy soil.
Tony blinked at the simple, clean lines. Utilitarian. White walls, white flooring, white furniture, white sheets. A blank canvas on which to paint their new lives.
Tony nodded. It would be okay. Home was where Steve was. The housing was compromised and couldn't be salvaged. Hopefully the replacement would be water resistant and shock proof.
Tony couldn’t move, not when his heart felt like it was being ripped apart, not when his body felt like it was being torn into different directions. He wanted to keep the suit, of course he did. It was something he built. It was a part of him.
