“No,” Sherlock admitted. “It took us a few years to realise we loved each other and kiss. And then get married and have you.”
The line was dead. Sherlock, standing in the middle of his pitch black flat, was completely alone.
Sherlock grumbled under his breath as he followed John into the kitchen, but his words held no heat.
Within a few minutes Sherlock was at the door of the hologram suite. They raised their hand to open the door but hesitated at the last moment. What if John was using it for personal matters? Was this interruption acceptable according to human manners? Sherlock clicked in frustration and lowered their hand.
Sherlock looked at John, seeing the same thoughts and questions running his mind, the same uncertainty evident on his face.
He knew he should disconnect. He held his fingers above his comm device, fighting with himself, unable to make a decision either way. Mycroft’s words of advice rushed back to him, battling with his instincts and the longing for an emotional connection to another being.
“Sh’lock. You drugged me,” John said. He stopped cooperating entirely and started giggling. “Y’drugged me.”
John stood up and wobbled dangerously. Sherlock, still on his knees in front of him, held him up by his hips. John steadied himself with a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock was suddenly painfully aware of his proximity to John’s crotch.
When he looked back up at John his bemusement must have shown on his face.
“Well, about that,” John replied with a grin and took out a control pad from his pocket. He quickly typed in a few commands and the hologram around them shifted. The sun and the planets disappeared, the darkness receded, and was replaced by an explosion of bright colours. In the middle of a nebula, two stars orbited each other, a white giant and a smaller red giant. Caught between them was a lone planet, covered in shades of green and blue.
As they got closer, as the heat in their groins coalesced and expanded, they found the words to say what they've been feeling for years. In hushed and breathless tones they confessed everything, years of longing and whole lifetimes of loss and love.  Their tears were lost in sweat and damp breaths, in the words that spilled unbidden from their lips.
Watson fell silent again. They were, Sherlock was beginning to learn, a man of few words.
“Molly, locate John,” Sherlock commanded.
“No kissing!” Darcy kicked her feet up beneath the covers and fussed in mock annoyance.
His own thoughts were simple.
Sherlock took a chance, in his mind at least, and rested his head on John’s shoulder. It was a bit bony and uncomfortable, and Sherlock grumbled under his breath.
Lestrade fought very hard not to react in any way. He was slightly overwhelmed by a sudden wave of affection for the pair. If anyone deserved to be happy, it was them. This revelation made Lestrade so cheerful, he wanted to jump up and hug them both. He knew he couldn’t of course, it was a private moment and they had every reason to keep it that way. He understood the need to keep it a secret, there was no need to give anyone more ammunition against themselves, be it the less sensitive officers at the yard or the criminals they chased after every other week.
They all fell silent. Darcy snuggled up against John, and yawned a few times. Minutes passed, her breathing growing even and slow, and she appeared to have finally tired herself out. Sherlock reached back to turn off his bedside lamp, encasing them in darkness.
Sherlock nipped to the ensuite bathroom to brush his teeth and change into his pajamas. He avoided looking in the mirror; he didn’t need to see the desperation and longing on his face at this hour.
“When you were gone everything felt wrong. Everything. Even the smells weren’t right. And now you’re back and—” Sherlock glanced up at John. “I ruined everything. Again.”
“What’s a formality?” Darcy piped up.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, breathe. Sherlock!”
Sherlock stopped to take a few deep, calming breaths. He wiped his eyes and nose, and collected his thoughts.
John, however, didn’t seem to think that was necessary and shuffled closer to Sherlock.
“John!” Sherlock pounded on the glass separating them. He knew it was ridiculous to shout, the man in the tank couldn’t hear him and he wasn’t John. Not yet, anyway.
“I wasn’t going to say anything,” Mr Holmes smiled at his wife fondly. Everyone got up from their chairs ready to go back into the house. Mr Holmes folded the blanket he used to cover his legs and handed it to Sherlock. “You should go out to the field and watch the stars from there. Less lights from the village.”
They finished the rest of their food in relative silence, interrupted only by Sherlock’s groans or exclamations of “Ridiculous!” when Bond did something particularly egregious. John didn’t bother to respond to any of it, bar a few eyerolls and pointed sighs.
Sherlock’s orgasm hit him unexpectedly, a near shout escaping his lips. He tensed and shuddered above John, back bowed, his cock spurting over John’s fist. John stroked him through it, his touch growing lighter and gentler until  it stopped when Sherlock shivered with oversensitivity. Sherlock kept whimpering and moaning softly, still trembling with the intensity of his orgasm. He couldn’t think, couldn’t speak, he could barely muster up the strength to keep himself propped up and not collapse on top of John.
“I’m fine, Mummy, it was just a bit of traffic,” Sherlock said as he carefully placed a kiss on Mrs Holmes’ cheek, all the while trying to avoid getting covered in flour.
Sherlock scrunched his nose in distaste and continued his search for food. “I’m not a dashing knight in shining armour, slaying dragons and saving damsels in distress.”
Darcy perked up at the mention of a happy ending. She wiggled out of Sherlock’s arms and settled on her back once again. She nodded to herself, a determined look on her face. Sherlock was struck, not for the first time, how much like John she looked.
,” John cut him off. “They will look for you once they realise what you know, you have to protect yourself—”
Sherlock grinned at the screen, delighted he had been right. An AI clever enough to investigate the world on its own, wanting to learn everything about humanity, the good and the bad. Swearing and discovering his own, albeit limited, sexuality—Watson was clearly a he, not an it. An imperfectly perfect artificial intelligence, far more human than his creators would have intended.
John moved his head again and slotted Sherlock’s lower lip between his own. He sucked on it lightly, while at the same time tugging on Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock was powerless to stop the tiny moan tearing itself free from his throat. His cock, which had deflated significantly during their conversation, regained interest in the proceedings.
The AI stopped abruptly, as if in stunned silence. Even though they had been communicating via text, Sherlock could feel a sudden tension in the air.
“It’s you,” Sherlock stated the obvious. The hand that had hovered above his device curled into a fist, and fell uselessly at his side. Like an addict, he couldn’t refuse his next fix.
“I know it’s not perfect, there’s still loads missing, but it’s the closest I could do.” John gestured to the planet. “It’s yours now. You can finish it.”
Watson said nothing.
“No idea what you’re talking about,” he huffed.
“M’not mad.” John curled around Sherlock’s legs and mumbled something indistinguishable to his ankles. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile.
sized tanks.
—is this your birthday present?” Sherlock sounded surprisingly eloquent with a toothbrush hanging from her mouth.
“Sherlock, you—” John stopped himself as he gave Sherlock a once over. Sherlock knew the bulge in his pyjama pants was unmistakeable and incredibly incriminating. He wished the ground would open up and swallow him whole, or for a meteor to crash into the flat, or even Mrs Hudson to suddenly appear bearing food—anything to stop this agony. As it was, he was more likely to combust from shame, if the burning in his cheeks was any indication.
John groaned again and opened his eyes slowly. He blinked several times before looking down at Sherlock. Realisation dawned in his eyes; it wasn’t a difficult deduction when presented with two erections and a clearly enjoyable dream. Sherlock didn’t want to give him a chance to even think about what had happened.
“Dragons and damsels may be a bit too much, true,” John conceded. “But I stand by the dashing knight part.”
“Once you—when you get better we can start looking for accommodation for you. And a job. Mycroft could help, you’d need diplomas and certificates if you wanted to work as a doctor. Or you could do something else, it’s entirely up to you. You’re completely free to do whatever you want and go wherever you please,” Sherlock babbled. His hands fluttered uselessly around the desk, picking at non-existent lint and brushing off imaginary dust.
He disabled all the alarm systems in the main computer, and turned off the ventilation system keeping the hardware from overheating. He overloaded all of the electrical equipment in one of the rooms, making sure to arrange it all around the oxygen tanks and vents.
The next thing Sherlock knew, there was a soft voice calling his name.
John’s forehead scrunched up with worry.
Sherlock woke up some time later to find his room bathed in the late afternoon light. He didn’t remember falling asleep and hadn’t meant to, but he supposed it was better than conscious suffering. He yawned and stretched on the bed, wondering whether John was in the flat or whether he had left. His question was answered a few seconds later by John himself.
A software prompt popped up, at the same time as his own computer alerted him it had to optimise its own processes to be compatible with such an outdated system.
John’s lips were soft. Softer than Sherlock had ever imagined. He kept them lightly pressed against Sherlock’s, not moving for a few moments, before ending the kiss. Sherlock couldn’t help making a desperate noise at the loss.
The Lab still had a direct access to John, even though he appeared to be in a state of hibernation. Sherlock breathed a shaky sigh of relief, some of the panic ebbing away. He was in time, he could do it.
“0.2 per cent.” He groaned before he collapsed onto the bed and took John with him. Lying on top of Sherlock, John considerately licked the droplets of blood that were leaking from the bite while one word was flashing in his head in bright letters.
John’s mind was trying to process all the new data. It failed. Miserably.
The ever attentive mind at work behind deep blue eyes as John considered what to do next.
“That was a quite successful first time, I dare say.” The smile in his voice was evident.
Uncertain, John peeled his jumper and undershirt over his head. He let them fall to the floor, his sole attention on Sherlock, who was unbuttoning his shirt efficiently before he slowly placed it over the back of his chair.
“Oh, I am surprised to see you again. “ He said, offering her his hand. She looked at it disdainfully. John tried to appear as if he’d not noticed. “Tea?” He said, moving into the kitchen immediately to have an excuse for staying out of her line of sight. Sherlock sat in feigned nonchalance and waited for her to do whatever she’d planned to. John made a show of preparing the tea, being deliberately loud and humming to himself. He knew he was an awful liar but he just couldn’t help it.
John had once heard the saying
“Where were you?” Sherlock asked agitatedly when John carried the groceries into the kitchen. Raising the bags a bit higher and his eyebrows as well.
“You, John!” Sherlock hurried to say.
Greg had managed to follow John up the last few steps and stood gaping beside him. John was actually able to feel Sherlock's inner defeat at the sight of vast nothingness. The ruins formerly known as London lay ahead of them. Grey and shapeless, the remains of Islington weren't recognisable anymore. As if somebody had taken discoveries like electricity and basic architecture and deleted them from existence, their surroundings were so unfamiliar and somehow disturbing that he felt the air stuck in his lungs. Comfortingly, he took Sherlock's hand in his and stroke his thumb over the soft surface of his lover's skin. Seeing the wetness gathering in Greg's eyes, John was at a loss for words.
Opening the door to the living room, John took one deep breath before he stopped breathing at all. The room was almost empty. All that was left was John’s laptop, his mug, his medical journals, his…..Well….His. Everything that didn’t belong to him was gone. Even Yorrick. He just stood in the doorway staring at the few things he owned, shaking his head in disbelief.
It was very difficult to sustain an erection under these circumstances. John pictured a few of his best experiences in a huge mix, adding a few isolated features like long legs and soft pale skin while he tugged uncomfortably on his cock. Just in time for the doctor’s return, he felt his prick swell under his ministration. And he already knew what he would see. Nothing. There was no bump. Not even a slight bulge.
“What will happen?” John asked intimidated.
But it already was John doing that to him. How did he still not see it? He was like a sleepwalker, just repeating the same steps every night and moving a tiny bit further.
“Yes. OK.” Sherlock agreed with what appeared to be a mixture of relief and disappointment.
“How did you imagine it?” John’s voice was deeper than usual and his eyes were intensely focused on Sherlock’s. The consulting detective straightened his back and held John’s gaze before bending forward,  closer to John’s ear. Sherlock’s words were a low rumble that were tickling John’s earlobe and sending shivers down his neck and arms.
“That was what Phillips had written all over his manuscripts before he vanished. The lines that implied Cthulhu’s return, right?” John acknowledged, prompting Sherlock to go on.
In one swift motion, their arms wound around each other. He felt sweat slicking the many places they were touching. Heard Sherlock's laboured breathing. Felt it on the sensitive skin of his neck. Dark curls were tickling his temple but did not manage to distract him from the feeling of Sherlock's hard shaft pressing against his own. The slow drag of fabric only enhanced his pleasure. John pressed his fingertips into the dimples on Sherlock's back, mimicking the rhythm of his hips. Their bodies fit so wonderfully well, he thought. The pale body pressing hard and demanding against his might once have been mere
The Consulting Detective rolled his eyes but nodded in affirmation.
“How do you know?” John said with incredulity. The book lay forgotten in his lap while he watched as Sherlock removed his coat and sat down on the couch.
Sherlock felt exhilarated by the prospect to see this democratic conglomerate of villages and barn yards that was usually only called the ”Torry”. Never before had he visited a place without gentry at its top.  The Watsons were known for a close relationship to the citizens of their territory and generally considered rooted to the soil. Sherlock wasn’t interested in meeting them, though. He already knew where he’d most likely find this
The room was filled with steam but John still managed to avoid the bottles and tubes that had fallen from their medicine cabinet and now cluttered up the floor. He almost stepped on a razor when he saw Sherlock sitting in the bath tub looking embarrassed and frustrated at the same time. Swallowing the laughter that was threatening to overcome him he held out a hand for the detective to take.
“Turn around!” He ordered.
“How long have you been out there?” Sherlock asked enquiringly while completely ignoring the agonising pain the man was in.
The full quote at the beginning of this chapter is as follows.
Even though the topic was unspoken between them, even though Sherlock and John almost never dared to think about it, their mutual understanding of what it was they felt for each other was as persistent and unintended as it was cherished. There was no discussion or even mention and there had never been. There simply was no need. They were grown men with experiences and preferences that had nothing to do with what they meant to each other. It wasn’t about sexuality or gender. Sooner or later they would find each other. Although both of them sometimes lost their faith in this fact, it was a major truth in both their lives.
With rapt attention he noticed the small hitch in John's breath as he reached his zipper and slowly opened it. Pulling down trousers and pants, Sherlock licked his lips suggestively.
In the end he found more than a distraction, he found his purpose in life.
John was still amazed by the homeless girl that played his melody and hoped that she was also an opportunity to deepen the contact with The Pilgrim. He knew exactly what to do if he got to see her again. He took out 20 quid and a pen before writing another one of his favorite Shakespearean quotes neatly in one corner of the banknote. He waited for the ink to dry before he tucked the money back into his wallet.
Not even a minute later, he receives another text.
“Now.” Sherlock stated loudly while putting his shirt back on. The next thing John knew was that Lestrade had the woman in handcuffs. While he was marveling at the fact that it had been  the DI on the stairs all along, he remembered that he should probably pull his jumper back on to hide the apparently invisible gun that was pressing distinctly into his back from the coppa's eyes.
.” Eyes scanning the ground, the consulting detective began to search for the mark while John watched him, not knowing what he was supposed to do if Sherlock found it.
“John. Will you let me? I want to feel you inside me. I’ve been wanting you in me for a long time. Please.” John barely manages a sharp nod and a grunt of approval. He is still nervous but he does what he always does. Trust Sherlock that he knows what to do.
Sherlock is sprawled out on the sofa, clutching his phone in one hand while the fingers of the other tap impatiently on the table.
There is a time for running and then there are times where one has to face danger in order to win something of great value.
. What bothered him most was that everyone knew. He would never hear the end of it from Donovan. He groaned again before he pushed himself up to roll on his back. Well, shit.
“Do it.” The Consulting Detective whispered.
John inquired uselessly.
were the doctor!” The petulance came closer and closer, being carried up the stairs by a deliberately noisy Consulting Detective.
)when he heard their landlady. Sherlock on the other hand found it utterly unfathomable how John had managed to maintain any doubt about the detectives view on the matter. He’d been listening intently to catch one of John’s thoughts when he heard the noise. In his worry he miraculously managed to be out the door of their parlour before John had had any chance to react.
“JOO-OOHN!”
“Yes, Sherlock, please. Now!” John suddenly feels Sherlock getting even tighter around him. Freezing mid-motion, Sherlock throws his head back groaning out a loud “Aaaaah.” that ends in a sigh, before he collapses on John, who takes hold of his hips in a bruising grip and thrusts erratically into him. It doesn’t take long, but when John comes it is so intense that he throws his arms around Sherlock and presses against him as if he was drowning.
Passing the staff area, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen and from there into the farmyard. It was enclosed by high fences that were thickly overgrown with roses but relying on Mindy, he soon found a hole on the far side of the vegetable garden. Gracefully, he crawled through it to the other side.
“Yes, more than fine.” John agreed, suddenly in a very different mood than he’d been mere seconds before. Sherlock watched him in fascination. He could almost feel the tension draining from his body and being replaced with a strong feeling of anticipation. For the first time in days there was something like contentedness spreading through him.
He took a deep breath and gently, oh so gently, pushed into Sherlock. The tight heat that engulfed him suddenly was even more intensive than he had expected. Sherlock was laying very still trying to get used to the sensation. He opened his eyes and met John’s.
He was ready to give up.
With his sympathetic face and wakeful eyes, the former librarian couldn’t have been very dear to them.
“No.” Sherlock shook his head weakly and pressed back into the touch. John noticed the other openings on his back beginning to widen slightly and that the one tentacle he had been fiddling with had grown in length and thickness. It made a faint sensation of arousal crawl up his spine. “So, are they mine or yours?” He whispered taking the single step it took to erase the little space left between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
At Sherlock’s low timbre groaned into his hair, John’s body tensed forcefully. Grabbing the detective’s back hard and pressing his forehead against the detectives shoulder, he came wetly between them.
John Watson had always deemed himself an average guy. The two of his attributes that weren’t common, were his height and his admittedly strong taste for danger. And because of his self-perception most people saw exactly that. Except for Sherlock, of course. John wasn’t quite sure what the Consulting Detective knew about him that he himself didn’t, but he had no doubt that it was something of value for his work or (hopefully) his sanity.
Re-experiencing his biggest failures was a rather painful and unnecessary idea, Sherlock decided.
Carefully, he stepped over the remains of a designer chair and motioned for Sherlock to follow in close proximity. He didn’t need to look back to know that Greg was right behind them having their back while they stepped further into the half-dark.
“Why, Watson?” Moriarty asked in a sing-song voice.
After two days spent hiding and fighting his body’s annoying demand for food, Sherlock saw the lantern marking the biggest and most crowded Inn at the center of the “Torry”. Cautiously, he watched the people who entered and left the illuminated tavern for almost an hour before he decided that it was unlikely to meet one of Moriarty’s men. Nonetheless, he took a long dark coat from one of the hooks and turned it’s collar up, hiding half of his face in it.
“Leeks, celery, garlic, potatoes and chicken stock,” Sherlock replies as he takes out soup bowls from one of the cupboards.
Sherlock slammed the front door of 221 Baker Street closed, and leaned back against it. His breath came out in pants and gasps, deep giggles caught somewhere in his chest. He bent over double, hands on his knees, and gave into laughter.
John used his remote access to Sherlock’s computer to start the movie, while Sherlock made his way through a bowl of hot stew. He occasionally snorted into his food, particularly when Bond used outrageous gadgets that were decades ahead of the science and technology of the period. John shushed him a few times, not really meaning it, and they fell into companionable silence as the movie went on.
“No. I want your story.” Darcy nodded to herself and rolled onto her back. She looked at John and tugged his fingers, still grasped in her small hand. “I want stories about dragons.”
?” Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, only to furrow in concern. “It is a secret military AI, built before you were even born. Do not get attached, and cease your communication with it immediately.”
Sherlock stomps into the kitchen just as John is reaching for the kettle to make tea, throwing a dry twig at John. John catches it and looks at Sherlock quizzically.
Sherlock sat down in his armchair, rearranging the computer to project the screen in front of him, holding a keyboard in his lap.
“There you go,” Mrs Holmes chose that moment to arrive laden with an enormous blanket. John disentangled himself from Sherlock and took the blanket from her. “Don’t stay out too late, boys.”
“I would never say anything so trite,” his father chuckled and patted his arm.
Sherlock flopped down onto his sofa, fresh biscuit between his teeth, and spilled crumbs everywhere. Not that he cared. There’d be something along to clean up the slight mess soon enough.
“I’m sorry about, well...” Sherlock trailed off, glancing down at John’s entirely flaccid cock.
“John, I wasn’t--“
It’s a Sunday, they don’t have a case and London is trying to drown itself in rain. Neither John nor Sherlock bother with changing out of their pyjamas and dressing gowns, and spend most of the day sitting on the sofa and watching telly.
will have no prior knowledge about what is going to happen. It’s your choice whether you tell him or not.”
John went back to watching the film but kept running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, massaging his scalp and nape. Sherlock couldn’t keep his eyes open, and let himself drift in the hazy state between wakefulness and sleep. The sounds of the film seemed far away and indecipherable, Sherlock could only hear both of their hearts beating in sync.
“She’s sleeping with us tonight,” John said as he climbed into bed. Sherlock said nothing but raised his eyebrows and smirked in triumph. He put his book and glasses away, and settled down in bed.
They couldn't stop kissing, lips only moving away long enough to caress necks, returning again to swallow moans and gasps. There was no space between them, the only words spilling out were breathless invocations of deities and each other’s names. Their bodies found a rhythm almost immediately and moved as one. Hands kept wandering restlessly across body parts, sometimes pulling and pushing hard enough to leave marks.
“What?” Sherlock said around the cotton in his mouth. He felt disoriented, the thought of something important that he had to do still clinging to his mind.
“John?”
Sherlock felt the tips of his ears heat up at the compliment. Nobody ever called him brilliant or extraordinary, nobody ever praised his skills and intelligence like that. Except his parents, but that didn’t count, all parents think their children are the brightest creatures on Earth. Although, in this instance the Holmes parents were not far off the mark.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up.
“I’m here to warn you, out of concern for your well being.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at that, eliciting a heavy sigh from Mycroft. “The military is already assessing the situation, and Watson will be either taken apart or incorporated into a larger project very soon. Do not get involved.”
“A little bit, yeah,” John admitted. “They didn’t have a clever daughter like you to help though.”
“Do you need help with the pastry?” John said, deftly steered the conversation back to neutral ground. Sherlock busied himself with poking around the various bowls of ingredients assembled on the kitchen table and occasionally nibbling on something sweet.
“M’not cuddling,” Sherlock mumbled.
“Yes, love?”
Sherlock sat in bed, reading glasses perched on his nose, reading a book about bee social structures. A storm raged outside, thick raindrops rattling against the windows and thunder vibrating through the walls. It felt bizarrely peaceful like this, even with the noise of a summer thunderstorm wreaking havoc outside, sitting dry and content in bed, safe in the knowledge it would all be over by morning.
Sherlock’s mouth opened and closed, unable to produce any sounds. Watson had a voice. A real, human voice.
Slow, measured steps ascending the stairs made Sherlock snap out of his thoughts, but he kept stomping in front of the fireplace. He snarled at the pillow lying innocently on his armchair, and threw it at the wall above the sofa, just as Mycroft appeared in the doorway.
“I woke up an old AI, so what? Nobody was using him—” Sherlock snapped his mouth shut, but it was too late.
“Yes, yes, get on with it, Stamford,” Sherlock muttered irritably, waving his hand in dismissal.
“He is,” he murmured into Darcy’s hair and kissed the top of her head. “And if any more dragons appear, we will take care of them.”
Sherlock gave up his comfortable place on the sofa in favour of pacing around the room, his computer interface projected in holographic form. The difficulty of the challenge made him buzz with frenetic energy, and the sofa was getting uncomfortable anyway.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock picked up the cardigan carefully, feeling the fine wool flow between his fingers, and brought it up to his face. He took a deep breath and with it he inhaled John’s scent. Intoxicating, heady, and in Sherlock’s mind, completely forbidden.
John told Sherlock of the first time he became conscious, of the day he was “born”; how he was briefed on his mission and inducted into the army; how he developed a conscience, a personality and humanity far beyond what his creators intended; how they attempted to purge him of emotional responses, but failed. He told him of his first mission in Afghanistan, in Maiwand, where he lead and commanded real soldiers on a routine patrol; how the soldiers were ambushed and John observed helplessly as they were all slaughtered; how the mission failed, leaving him a sole survivor.
“It’s a rainbow moonstone. Reminded me of your eyes,” Jane said, too nervous to let the silence continue. She let go of Sherlock’s hand and gently cupped her face, forcing Sherlock to finally look her in the eyes.
Mrs Holmes was talking to John about astronomy, a long held hobby and passion of hers, while Sherlock and his father sat in comfortable silence.
Once Sherlock was sure John was stable, he ran back to open all oxygen tanks and vents he could find.
Sherlock exhaled noisily through his nose, calming his temper.
He escaped into the sitting room, leaving a bemused John behind in the kitchen. Sherlock moved around a few papers and envelopes scattered around the desk, trying to appear busy, but making a bigger mess in the process.
Darcy yawned again and stayed silent. A few minutes later her breathing evened out, her grasp on John’s t-shirt gradually loosening, until she was fast asleep.
It was Sherlock’s turn to pause, having been completely caught off guard.
“What has made you so busy?”
Sherlock refused to acknowledge John by opening his eyes, instead remained a tightly curled ball of shame and guilt. He heard John kneel by his bed.
work,” Sherlock muttered as he worked to set up the transfer.
Understanding dawned on John’s face, quickly replaced by warmth, affection and love. He gently extricated his hand from Sherlock’s vice like grip, and held Sherlock’s face between his hands.
Shimmying closer to John had been a perfectly effective strategy so far, so Sherlock wiggled against John again, trying to plaster himself completely against John’s side. There was no space between their bodies, and Sherlock hoped his incessant wiggling would provoke John to stop him by touching him.
“You really know how to kill the mood,” she said as she wrinkled her nose in distaste. Jane chuckled and kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose.
Jane was cut off by Sherlock surging up to kiss her, hard.
Sherlock shot out of the car as soon as the engine was off. John lingered for a bit, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. He got out of the car and went round the back to help Sherlock with the bags. Sherlock was vibrating with nervous energy and still refused to look at John directly. John steeled himself for a very awkward weekend and bent down to pick up his bag. Sherlock’s gentle hand on his arm stopped him.
Sherlock’s brain ground to a halt. The Earth stopped moving. The Sun stopped going round the Moon, or was it the Moon going round something else; gravity failed, all the laws of physics were irrevocably broken. Sherlock felt he was disintegrating and collapsing in on himself at once, his body ceased to exist and his immaterial form was tethered to reality only by John’s words.
The last remnants of his dream clung to him. He was chasing someone, through a metal maze lined with lights and cables, but he couldn’t remember who it was. Someone important, someone who he had to find. He couldn’t remember why. He was lost.
As if on cue, after less than twenty seconds of fidgeting, John put his hand on Sherlock’s thigh. Quite high up Sherlock’s thigh. He left his hand there, rubbing small circles into Sherlock’s leg with his thumb.
John had made him out to be a hero, a dashing genius detective solving crimes and saving lives, with John as an awestruck onlooker. It was ridiculous, inaccurate, and so stupidly touching Sherlock felt his throat constrict with emotions.
Sherlock’s hand hovered over the comm device on his wrist. I couldn’t be—surely, it couldn’t—
“In the greater scale of the universe everything is insignificant.” John stepped out of the path of Earth and started the hologram again. The Sun rotated slowly in the middle, the rest of the planets following its pace. “Do you ever miss your home?”
John gave him a small, reassuring smile before depositing a bundle of fabric on the bed between them. Sherlock frowned at it and then up at John, whose smile turned melancholy.
However, after they had finished their food and drained their beers, they were sitting too far apart, much to Sherlock’s chagrin. The necessity of eating had meant sitting some distance apart to avoid elbows in ribs or upended plates of hot curry in one’s lap. Now though, now the space between them seemed to be an insurmountable chasm.
“Ask me,” Sherlock breathed out in a rush. He could feel his heart rate tripling.
John’s gentle fingers at his elbow started a yelp out of him. Sherlock whirled around to see John looking confused and worried. Also completely dressed. Sherlock couldn’t stop the rising panic overtaking his mind. How long had John been standing there? Had he heard him? What had he seen?  Everything?
Sherlock heard John’s soft steps getting closer to his bedroom door. He curled himself into a tight ball on the bed and wished he could simply evaporate to spare himself the embarrassment of the conversation he was about to have.
“Sod’ff,” John groaned, his voice raspy from sleep.
John started pulling away, and Sherlock knew this was it. Hugging your best friend was one thing, but smelling and kissing his neck was something else altogether. There was no coming back from this, no way to explain this but for what it was.
Sherlock felt dizzy, his skin was tingling, his heart was racing, and Sherlock never wanted to stop. Once he got the hang of basics he let his hands wander a bit, caressing John’s chest and back. John’s own hand didn’t stay in Sherlock’s hair for long, he ran it down Sherlock’s side and under his shirt, making Sherlock gasp and moan at the skin on skin contact.
Sherlock smirked in reply, and they ate the rest of dinner in silence. Later, when he was helping Mrs Hudson clean the dishes, he found himself uncharacteristically forthright. Perhaps a full stomach and motherly care did that to him.
Sherlock opened it without a second thought.
“Oh, for the love of...” Sherlock snatches the twig from John’s hands and holds it above their heads. “Mistletoe, John. Do I need to spell out its significance? I have been patient with you, I really have, going through all of these frankly ridiculous rituals that are supposedly considered romantic. I expect this kind of behaviour from other people but you... I expected a certain level of intelligence and observational skills from a man who spends most of his time around a detective, and someone who also identifies as a soldier and a doctor. This has gone far enough, John, you must know what the accepted ritual is, even though it's nowhere near Christm--,” Sherlock is interrupted mid-rant by John kissing him.
“No, no, no,” he assured her, hugging her close. “Bee, that wasn’t bad, not at all. We just don’t want to scare you.”
Sherlock stood by the desk a few moments longer, trying to calm his hammering heart. They were fine. They would be fine. They would stay together and it would all be fine.
“You want me to do the legwork, as usual.”
“That’s silly,” Darcy huffed. “You didn’t ask?”
Watson chuckled, honest to God chuckled, and Sherlock was glad he was already sitting down because his knees turned to water. His voice was so soft, yet so… manly. Masculine. Powerful. Gentle, yet commanding.
"Yes, yes, I know, he woke me up too," John interrupts the second policeman. "I'm really sorry about this," John says as he gently grips Sherlock's elbow. "Sherlock," he says softly, "we need to go inside now."
They fell into comfortable silence after that, John and Mrs Holmes also having finished their conversation. The four of them sat watching the clear night sky and the stars falling for a little while.
“Hello? Sherlock, can you hear me?”
“Is the bad dragon really gone?”
John, it turned out, was extremely susceptible to codeine. The high dose turned him into a heavy, limp, clingy noodle who was at least high enough to not be in pain.
“There was once a young, smart and handsome prince. He lived in a castle with his parents, the king and queen, and his older brother, the prince regent. His parents loved him very much and wanted to spend time with him, but the prince was young and rebellious, and always said no. The prince’s older brother was quite fat and arrogant and—”
Images of Sherlock’s website popped up on the screen, along with some of Sherlock’s medical records and school reports. Those soon disappeared, leaving only Sherlock’s website.
“Wow, I haven’t watched this since I was a kid,” John says when he comes across an old zombie film. Sherlock groans. “Oi, shut up. I liked this kind of stuff when I was growing up.”
’ Sherlock typed out the question with care, his heart speeding up a little. He was surprised to find himself caring about Watson’s reply, wanting to impress him, wanting… wanting to befriend him.
Well, then. Things seemed to be more than fine between those two.
“You okay, love?”
Sherlock had clearly struck a nerve; Watson sounded defensive. They had a personality, could swear like a true soldier but was holding back, and had entertained sexual thoughts. Sherlock could’ve clapped his hands in glee.
Much later, once their sweat cooled, they lay together, still unwilling to be parted and exchanged slow, tender kisses. In a moment of candour, Sherlock confessed he had watched John undress through the bathroom door but much preferred the less blurry and more tangible version. John laughed, not unkindly, at Sherlock’s somewhat embarrassed admission, before pulling him along to the bathroom to shower together.
Sherlock inched towards John at intervals of a few minutes. He didn’t want to give himself away entirely, and appear too needy, so he made a point to act as if he was trying to get comfortable. He wiggled his hips, fluffed up his pillows, draped and re-draped the blankets over his legs—all the while moving incrementally closer to John. Who, for the most part, seemed entirely oblivious.
“I hope you appreciate the sacrifices made on my part,” Sherlock said by way of greeting, not even looking at the door. His knees were drawn up to his chest and his arms circled loosely around them, making him look like a disgruntled owl.
The AI didn’t miss a beat.
“John,” Sherlock said as he rolled over to face him. John was still entranced by the stars.
“I’ve never done this. This,” Sherlock flapped his hand in the direction of their cocks, “Or anything else, really. I don’t—I don’t know what to do.”
Sherlock abandoned his coffee, shook off his morose thoughts, and started up his computer. There was no point in wallowing in self pity, there was no time for it, he had to talk to John again and make it right.
Sherlock repositioned his hands to cradle John’s head. He brushed his thumbs across John’s jawline, relishing the slight catch of stubble beneath his fingertips. Sherlock pulled away from the kiss only to pepper small, light ones all over John’s lips. John hummed and let himself be covered in Sherlock’s affection.
“You couldn’t have known. It was an ambush, it—”
John’s boxer briefs really didn’t leave anything
He read through the report, his face growing more grim with each line.
“They both went for a walk in the forest. It was the beginning of a new year and the forest was covered in snow. The prince was collecting winter plants for his studies, and the knight was just walking, trying to find some peace for his thoughts,” John explained. “They met quite by chance. Or perhaps it was Fate, who knows.”
“About what?” He tried to sound casual, and missed it by a mile.
Sherlock laughed again, allowing a wide grin to overtake his face. Watson had managed to make him laugh more than once, not bore him to death, and made him intrigued — better than any living human being he had ever encountered.
Both John and Sherlock raised their eyebrows.
With that, Jane let go of Sherlock and stepped back. Sherlock wobbled precariously before finding her balance again. Her pupils were dilated, a soft blush spreading across her cheeks and neck, nipples peaked beneath her t-shirt. Jane look at her hungrily and licked her lips.
John’s gentle but firm hand on his forearm made him inhale sharply and open his eyes. Sherlock expected pity from John but found no traces of it, the lines on John’s face only etched with worry and kindness. Even so, the shame from earlier resurfaced and he felt his cheeks burn.
Mrs Holmes gave both of them a fond look before she turned to her husband and took his hand. Mr Holmes beamed at them from the back door of the house before he closed it and followed his wife upstairs to bed.
Sherlock shuffled closer to the edge of the bed to make the angle of the hug a bit less awkward, his reward being John’s contented sigh and one of his hands cupping the back of Sherlock’s head. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, petting his hair gently. Sherlock melted into John’s arms, felt the tension seep away and leave behind a pleasant fuzziness.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock rushed to say, unable to keep quiet any longer. His voice felt raw and stuck somewhere in his throat. “I’m so sorry, John, I truly am, I didn’t mean to—I just wanted—I’m sorry, I didn’t think—I just—,” Sherlock paused to sniff, and realised that he was crying. “I wanted to make you happy. I thought I could protect you from knowing and make you happy for just a few days. I thought—I thought it would be better if you didn’t know.”
“No,” she grumbled.
The writing was choppy and flowery, the grammar and syntax quite painfully wrong in places. As he read on, something tight and heavy settled in Sherlock’s chest, not from the mistakes in writing but how romantic John made it all out to be.
"Ah, John, you're finally awake. Excellent," Sherlock smiles up at John. He immediately starts playing again, this time something much more melodic and soothing.
Sherlock’s face felt a bit hotter. He chewed on his lower lip, hesitating for a few seconds.
"I'm really sorry, officers, my flatmate sleepwalks sometimes," John smiles apologetically and carefully takes out the violin and the bow out of Sherlock's hands. "I'm a doctor, I can take care of him."
“I seem to remember someone telling me not two minutes ago how much of a mood killer urine is,” she observed dryly.
“Sherlo—Sherlock,” he sighed.
He couldn’t find switches or control panels to access the room in the immediate area, so he ran to the main computer. Using Mycroft’s pass he first opened entrances to all rooms, not bothering to find out which exact one he needed access to. Recalling the AI transfer procedure, he checked all necessary systems and safety precautions were in place.
He read through the AI transfer protocols, committing them to memory with ease. When he got to the reports on “organic” bodies, his blood ran cold with terror. Short, succinct sentences described how new life had been formed from multiple donors in artificial wombs, how it had been cultivated and grown in preparation for tests. The host bodies had been developed to have no higher brain functions of their own, to be the perfect empty vessels waiting to be overwritten by an AI. There was one blueprint for all of the bodies, and each new one was a clone of the original prototype.
“I’ll tell her you loved it. Couldn’t get enough of it. Praised her the whole night,” John said with a chuckle. Sherlock nudged him playfully with his elbow, careful not to spill their food.
John’s hand tightened and sped up on Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock reached down to thread his fingers through John’s hair and to make sure he didn’t even think of moving away from his chest. His other hand gripped the bedsheets so hard his knuckles turned white.
John had called it a date. Sherlock had never been on a date. Oh sure, he and John went along to restaurants on what many people would call dates but neither of them considered them as such, so they didn’t count. A date was a mutually agreed upon event, where both parties put conscious effort into romance.
“Stop fretting.”
“You’re fucking beautiful, you know that?” John looked back up to Sherlock’s face. “Every bloody inch of you.”
They both giggled, high on the adrenaline and endorphins. Sherlock took the ring out of the box and handed it to Jane. Jane slipped it on Sherlock’s ring finger of her left hand, and then placed a kiss over it. When she looked up at Sherlock her eyes were filled with tears, ready to spill.
Thunder struck somewhere in London, and Darcy trembled in Sherlock’s arms. He tucked her in closer, safe against his shoulder and chest, and covered her exposed ear with his large hand. Sherlock kept his mouth close to her head, dropping gentle kisses in her hair and humming quietly to drown out the noise of the storm.
“With your track record of getting into trouble I would assume you’d be the one in need of rescuing,” John smirks, not looking up from his food. “But the sentiment is appreciated.”
He gathered himself and sat up straight.
John’s face was illuminated by the Sun’s glow. He stood a little to the side, in the path of the orbit of Earth. When Earth approached him he held out his arms, as if to hug it, and the hologram stopped in front of his chest.
Slowly, the storm became less intense and violent, thunder rolling occasionally across the city in the distance, almost drowned out by the sound of heavy rain.
The case was solved within six hours of accepting Lestrade’s invitation to the crime scene. Sherlock deemed the whole affair dull and pedestrian, and announced his leave as soon as the culprit was apprehended and handcuffed. He didn’t bother waiting for John to catch up or for Lestrade to finish asking questions, his mind already preoccupied with an oncoming fit of boredom. John didn’t pay it too much attention, in fact he didn’t seem to mind at all. He stayed behind chatting amiably with Lestrade, mostly about tonight’s match and whether or not Sherlock could be persuaded to come in the next day to give a statement.
“Careful or you won’t get your birthday present,” Jane murmured into Sherlock’s neck, before kissing it. Her hands caressed Sherlock’s abdomen, still flat and hard but for the delicate softness around her hipbones.
When Sherlock turned back to lay down he stopped at the look on John’s face. John was leaning back on his good arm, eyes raking up and down Sherlock’s naked body, hungrily taking in every detail. John’s gaze stopped at Sherlock’s cock and he licked his lips. Sherlock shivered.
“It may have been over thirty years ago, but to me it’s been days. I don’t have the luxury of a human memory, failing with age and imperfect. I can recall every second of Maiwand with crystal clarity. I can still—” John made a strangled noise. “I can still hear the terrified screams of the men I was supposed to lead,” he finished quietly.
“Do they kill the bad dragon?”
“Of course!” Molly replied cheerfully. “John is currently in the hologram suite. Would you like me to relay a message?”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed, as John closed the distance between them and kissed him.
“No,” Sherlock replied as he leaned down to kiss him.
John was perfect.
“It’s a love story,” Darcy stated. “The prince and the knight are in love, and they have adventures, and they kill a bad dragon, and save everyone.”
“John, you don’t understand—”
“221b Baker Street. Consulting detective. Genius. Dashing knight. Has an annoying older brother,” John recited, still cupping Sherlock’s face, his own face transforming into a smile.
:::::
John sighed a breath of relief and felt the tension bleed out of him almost instantly. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and hugged him closer. “Okay,” he said, fighting a smile without much success. “Okay,” he repeated, more to reassure himself, and kissed the closest patch of exposed skin, which happened to be Sherlock’s collarbone. “In that case let’s go inside so I can charm your parents even more.”
Still, John knew that it was Sherlock on the other side of the door and this had nothing to do with his own attraction towards the prince. Now he regretted teasing Sherlock and not telling him from the start that he was the one who’d helped him. He’d just wanted to get to know him a bit better. And it wasn’t as if he’d recognized Sherlock when he took the seat beside him. How could he? They met for the first time. Although it only took a few seconds for Sherlock’s striking features to really sink in and wake the memory of Bill’s description of the caged Prince before John’s heart began to beat faster.
That night, John was standing in the middle of the living room. All he could remember was his own voice screaming this painful word, the name he would never forget. And blood. God, he needed to talk. But there was no one. As always. But this was not what made John turn around himself in utter disbelief. Yorick. Yorick was gone.
“I think it’s the bond. I can barely stop myself from searching the flat for rivals. If you didn’t notice, I looked under the bed before I left the room.” Sherlock grinned. Naturally, he had noticed. Taking John’s hand, he pulled him against his chest and closed his arms around the Alpha.
“Thank you.” He meant it.
Sherlock sat up, leaning forwards with his elbows on his thighs and closed his eyes in recollection. “Ok. As far as I know a man called Howard Phillips is the reason for this evolutionary step. Or Mutation if you will. His wife hired us a few weeks ago after he went missing. He had an obsession with everything related to the so-called Great Old Ones. Does that ring a bell?” Sherlock asked conversationally, opening his eyes to show the DI that he was meant to answer.
“You. Are. Brilliant. John.” He yelled, running down the stairs.
“Yes, John. Finally.” Sherlock breathed, wrapping his long legs around John. Their cocks were touching, just a small press of skin on skin but it made John whimper in desperation. With his hands under Sherlock’s arse, he lifted the Consulting Detective who wriggled over him until John’s cock was lined up with his slick entrance. Letting him sink down on his cock, John bit his lower lip in an attempt to stay quiet. Sherlock didn’t have his decency.
Although Sherlock was still obsessed with
Stiil unbetaed. I'm sorry.
"I don't think it matters." Greg said, trying to get a grip on his shocked state.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, his sole focus on a small sample under his microscope when John sneaked up the stairs.
He leaves the shower in a hurry, and John stands there for a few seconds, dumbstruck by the sudden loss of body contact. He can see the outline of Sherlock through the curtain and realizes that he hasn’t seen anything yet, so he pulls the curtain out of the way to stare unashamed at his about-to-be-lover. And stare he does. Sherlock dries his thighs off with a towel, looking oblivious to the fact that he is being thoroughly examined by his flat mate. Until he directs his gaze at John, that is. He continues to dry himself, his eyes remain fixed on John, who licks his lips while letting his gaze travel over Sherlock's pale, slender body. His pupils are blown wide and his cheeks flushed, apparently not only because of the hot shower.
"Journeys end in lovers meeting,
“So, what do you think?”
After his return, Sherlock had at first been relieved to be back to his old life but it had only taken a few days until he had begun to feel restless. Though, he was happy having made it out of his imprisonment, he missed the excitement. His servants were complaining that his moods were even worse than before and tried to avoid him if it wasn’t inevitable to be in his presence.
As they heard Mrs. Hudson open the door, Sherlock excused himself. “Call me when you are done.”
There was no questioning it’s toxicity even without having made the, no doubt deadly, experience.
‘A monster of vaguely anthropoid outline, but with an octopus-like head whose face is a mass of feelers, a scaly, rubbery-looking body, prodigious claws on hind and fore feet, and long, narrow wings behind.’
Sherlock was already marked as his and there was no way John would be able to hold back any longer. Not with the way his infuriating flatmate had put the tattoo on display and let him know that he liked it’s meaning just the same way John did.
“I am almost…”
They had reached a safe distance when John stopped and looked at Sherlock.
“John.” His name was spoken with relief.
“Sherlock.” He needed permission.
“Alright.” He said gazing down at the point of their connection. He couldn’t see much but just knowing that Sherlock was inside of him, made his cock twitch. Slowly, he bottomed out, feeling Sherlock’s thighs against his bare arse.
(See the end of the chapter for
Arousal spiked in John's gut and he pulled almost all the way out before thrusting in forcefully. Quickly, he established a rhythm that seemed to suit both of them. Knowing very well that he wouldn’t last long, he took hold of Sherlocks leaking member with one hand and entwined  fingers  with  Sherlock’s.
“What do you see, Sherlock?” The detective studied every minute detail on the expressive face opposite him, his own features softening with every passing second. Yes, he preferred his doctors clean shaven.
“The Bond” had been a warm, loving description of a shared lifetime. It had read like a love story and made John think about the wonderful possibilities his newly revealed biology could offer him. It almost sounded too good to be true. John still had his doubts about the whole concept, especially after he had read “The Omega” with a constant blush on his face. The contradictions between the two books were irritating and made John wonder about the personal opinions of the authors. “The Omega” was a disdainful recitation of biological urges and symptoms. As impressive as the descriptions were when it came to the chapters
“We should make a list of things we take with us tomorrow. And I want to go outside in a few hours. We need the night vision gear, two guns and silencer.” Sherlock beamed at him in glee.
“Yog-Sothoth knows the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the key and guardian of the gate. Past, present, future, all are one in Yog-Sothoth. He knows where the Old Ones broke through of old, and where They shall break through again.”
*****
“Oh.” John remembered a passage in the book saying that 90 percent of male Omegas weren’t fertile. “We are dying out.”
“I said I love you and you're still here. We had amazing sex and you're still here.” John grinned at him while he slowly pulled out of Sherlock and rolled on his side. He threw the condom on the floor before he turned to look at Sherlock trying to convey as much with his face as with his words that he meant what he was about to say. He slung one arm around Sherlock’s narrow waist before he cuddled up against his chest. He didn’t dare to look up now. Then the words would have to be enough.
“Lestrade! The Grandmother has him. Mr. Mullins here is a mere instrument for her. She wanted her grandson to live with her and not the despised daughter in law. He followed her order, being too weak to stand up against his overly dominant mother. If you go to his parents house in… Where is it Mr. Mullins?”
“Sherlock! Stop that!” John heard what sounded like a physical struggle going on in the hallway and sat up.
When the doorbell rang, John barely managed to stop Sherlock from opening the door in his birthday suit. He actually forbade him to leave his room until John would have closed the door again. Surprisingly, Sherlock only said “Yes, John.” and patiently waited until John called him back into the living room. He even had the modesty to wear boxer shorts while they ate.
Sherlock stared at it for several seconds. Following the line of a pronounced S that was wound around the upper left and lower right side of a violin, crossing the instrument in the middle. The strings were neat straight lines of which the both outer ones had been tattooed just a tad thicker than the other two. And of course, the lower end of the fingerboard throwing a stark shadow that served as the bridge in the letter H.
John thought, instantly dismissing the offer. It was three days after Yorick had magically vanished from 221b and John was already freaking out. Somehow, he hadn’t noticed how many conversations consisted only of him talking to that skull. Scratching his neck, a newly developed habit that caused sore and itchy marks, John considered never talking to any human again.
“What? WHAT? What am I missing?” Sherlock screamed, pulling his hair in a painful looking way.
Blurring in-between the brushwood, Sherlock smiled to himself in spite of everything that had happened.
“Oh, it’s not your fault.” Martha assured as she fondly leaned against him. They hadn’t talked about it but everyone in the bunker had drawn his own conclusions about the correlation between the presence of strangers in their ‘front yard’ and the new addition to the group.
“John. Are you…?”
“Fuck, that’s…” John groaned as he felt Sherlock’s arm move, working his cock furiously.
John could feel the frustration getting passed on to him intensely through their bond. It made the hair in his neck stand on end and his guts tighten. Probably not even a cup of tea could drain the tension out of him but he tried, anyway, although the task held a bit more difficulty with Sherlock stomping awkwardly around the kitchen table.
“He that is thy friend indeed,
John raised his brows prompting him to go on.
“We..um..We don’t know. But it’s highly likely. I…We are very sorry.” He said, taking her hand.
Even when he arrived in his dirty clothes, debris in his beard and red hair standing on end, Sean wouldn’t have fit into this band of scavengers, John thought.
, he asks himself again and again.
*****
John had had enough. Enough of runny noses, yelling parents, complaining colleagues and chatty nurses. And the best was yet to come. A bored Sherlock. John squared his shoulders before opening the door to 221b and taking the stairs two at a time while he made his way to their living room.
“Not really. We didn't know her religion and there was no obituary, of course.” Sherlock stated cautiously. “And you were in coma. I didn't care much for her remains “ He winced,for once realising his lack of empathy. “ so I let Mycroft decide what to do.”
“Do it, John. God. Please, I need it.” He whispered hoarsely into the Alphas ear. John gripped his hips even tighter, forcing Sherlock down on his knot. It didn’t pass the tight entrance at first. Sherlock screamed in frustration, scratching his nails over john’s back.
“Sherlock….Please. That’s torture.” John tries very hard not to thrust against Sherlock’s face but only marginally succeeds. His hips move of their own accord and he finds himself grabbing the sheets tightly in his fists. He blinks his eyes open, looking down as Sherlock’s tongue scoots out to lick the tip of his cock, John’s head falls back on the bed and a loud groan forces its way out of his mouth.
******
John paced up and down the living room. He would have to ask the right questions to get the answers he needed. And he needed a lot of those.
“Brilliant, John!” Sherlock murmured into John’s ear as he crowded close and began to suck a bruise into the doctor’s pulse point.
He watched his father’s resolution falter and kept his attire up in spite of the feeling of triumph that threatened to overcome him.
“Don’t bother, Mrs. Hudson, it’s for us!” He yelled before he fixed his gaze at John.
The closer they got to the metal door separating them from the gruesome outside world, the louder and more insistent the apparent screaming became. Behind them, Greg and Mycroft entered their part of the corridors, closely followed by Martha and Sean.
“OK. That’s enough now!” Sherlock said determinately pushing 2 boxes of biscuits and the can of energy drink to the other end of the table.
John tried to process Sherlock’s words but he was feeling as if a train had hit him. He was still staring at Sherlock who appeared to be frozen in place, not moving a muscle and certainly not looking at John. Silence stretched between them as the words started to make their way into the brain of a very confused army doctor.  Within the blink of an eye, John crossed the kitchen to stand behind Sherlock, softly embracing the taller man around his waist and resting his head between his shoulder blades.
Sighing heavily, he pushed Sherlock away and dragged himself towards the bed where he fell backwards in the most dramatic way he could muster.
It was pretty obvious now, that the night they had taken Sean in, he had been on a suicide mission meant to test or even get rid of the weak ones.
Or maybe, just maybe, he was right to feel as if being granted a full discharge from a potential death sentence.
John followed his example.
“No problem, me too.” Sherlock said, waving a hand in a dismissive gesture between them. He braced himself for an argument about politeness and manors when he heard the man laugh good-naturedly.
“Right.”  Together, they pushed their furniture out of the way, clearing a two square meter circle when they the doorbell rang.
Hamlet, Act III, scene ii
It only took two days for Sherlock to become his own insufferable self again.  John had invited the client immediately when the Detective pressed the words
ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn - In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
Sherlock thrust up again, harder this time, and a satisfied groan forced its way up his throat. He couldn’t resist doing it again. And again.
John didn’t understand it all. He didn’t know what an Omega was. There was no description of his so called Other Half, only that its smell would clearly mark it. The book said that if an Alpha, let’s call him John, gets exposed to an Omega’s scent over a long time, he would begin to feel tense, protective and, finally, aroused most of the time. The biological response would only show if the Alpha engaged in sexual activities with said Other Half. Then, a so-called knot would form at the root of his penis which would later ensure that the connection to the, hopefully fertile, Omega was held up long enough to ensure impregnation.
“What's that for then?” He asked, hovering in the doorway. Sherlock, seemingly fed up with waiting for him, almost jumped up from his chair.
As soon as his knot deflated, John got up to get two bottles of water and some crackers from the kitchen. He was just taking the water out of the fridge when he heard Sherlock stepping into the room.
In the week since waking up from the artificial coma, John had felt the memories from his dream dissolve and deform in the back of his mind.
“Hello. I have a medical problem that seems to be very rare and I thought it better to talk to someone that is specialized on this very topic.”
As he read it, he began to chew on his bottom lip. John and Greg exchanged a worried glance before they made to stand on either side of the detective and began to read as well.
“Come on, John. You watched it and you felt it. You probably still feel it.” Sherlock said impatiently.
“No one qualified enough? In all of Greater London?” He didn't know whether to laugh or cry. His muscles ached and his back was not far from cramping all over.
The flight back was spent sleeping and trying to ignore the tremendous tantrum the detective was throwing after not even having found “a decayed finger”. Throughout their 15 hours of flying including two stops, one in Tokyo and one somewhere called Doua, John kept quiet and friendly with Sherlock, not punching him once, which cost him an immense amount of self control. Of him and everyone else on the plane.  Just before the plane initiated the landing maneuver at Heathrow, John noticed the tiny crevice in the Detective’s tight Jeans and a cab ride later John decided that he had to check on that to actually be able to get some sleep.
every second of his existence, believed that Sherlock wasn’t a fake. If the note wanted to make him believe that he lied, John would be certain that it didn’t come from a friend.
“I knew that you were lying. I knew it. But apparently that doesn't stop me from…” John hesitated. “You convinced me that acting happy and normal was the same thing as being happy and normal. That it doesn't matter who I am but what I do.” He felt the moisture gather in his eyes as he clenched his fists painfully.
“Just pretend it wasn’t.” John pressed on but he already felt himself unwind again.
“SHERLOCK? WHAT THE BLOODY HELL IS THAT?” John yelled, at the top of his voice. The high-pitched sound filling his head was deafening and bordering on painful. It made his eyes water as he rolled out of bed and dressed hurriedly, Sherlock following his example.
He’d never done that before. Had never even wanted to before John had entered his life. But the drawn out groan above him was a praise he enjoyed tremendously. He definitely wanted to achieve this again. Pressing his tongue hard against the underside of the hard flesh definitely worked in his favor. Amazed at his own body’s response, Sherlock struggled with the urge to touch himself.
Aside of the Holmes brothers, none of their small group would have been able to afford a night at the Grange back in the days of hotel reservations and festive events. Now, the cathedral that had given the spacious hotel it’s suffix was barely more than a ruin. It’s walls sunken deep into the ground, the dome only recognizable to those who knew where to look for it.
“Yes, finally.” John agreed before giving her a soft kiss on the cheek.
“OK, I have an idea. Are you sure you want to see it?” John asked her, implying that it could get experimental. And the fact that she thought about that for a minute or two reminded John of the many reason he was so fond of his former landlady.
Even now, his lover managed a complacent smile at the plea. John couldn’t stop himself anymore from pressing his hips up between Sherlock’s lips. He pushed in and pulled back, his motions turning faster and faster.
“You know that it would have been acceptable for me to do it the other way around, John?” His voice was muffled by the shirt he was currently pulling over his head and the effort it took to keep upright, while he tried to get rid of his socks, using only his feet.
--------
A few seconds later, he felt the mattress dip before two boney knees cradled his thighs and warm oil dripped onto his spine.
“John.” The doctor’s hand stopped in his tracks. “If you don’t mind. I’d rather have a different part of you now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
If John was honest with himself he had to admit that his imagination wasn't strong enough to even create a superficial idea of what was sharing the earth's surface with them now. And come to think of it... Hadn't they been the ones taking refugee in the earth these last 3 months?
*****
The torch's cone of light was interrupted by the dusty chairs which were stapled underneath the stairway but John could clearly identify a somewhat wet looking scaly surface behind them. No dog then...
*****
Two hours later, Sherlock hears John passing on the staircase and not even pausing in front of the living room as he makes his way up stairs. His steps are heavy and just a bit on the clumsy side. Probably three beers and two scotch, then.
as Moriarty put it so nicely, John had called in a favor and given Bill a golden coin for his troubles.
Just then, Sherlock begins to move. He budges his hips in expanding waves, adopting a comfortable pace that lets John relish the feeling of their shared connection without making him desperate. He entwines their fingers over John’s chest and lets a happy smile cross his features. Forth and back like the tides, his motions fluent and unhurried, designed to torture them both. For a while, that’s enough, until it isn’t. Sherlock starts sliding up and down John’s throbbing length in earnest, now. Riding him with just the right amount of pressure. Exactly how he’d imagined it a hundred times before. He fights the urge to touch himself, groaning in desperation. John moves in sync with him, meeting every downwards thrust with one of his own. He shifts restlessly in John’s lap to find the right angle for is cock to graze his…
John was stroking himself when he heard Sherlock hovering in the doorway.  His eyes shot open in embarrassment but his hand didn’t even hesitate in its movement.
"Everybody please stick to the plan." Greg said with a pointed look at Sherlock. "John and I will be the first ones to exit and enter everywhere we go. Sherlock, you will be our rear guard. We depend on you so please do not lose track."
“Let’s go.” He whispered in warning.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you think that I am
Sherlock stretched languorously when John returned to the bed. Gently, the doctor crawled over him and rubbed the towel over Sherlock’s chest and down between his legs. Already having himself cleaned in the bathroom he discarded the wet cloth and leant down to brush a feather light kiss right below the detective’s bellybutton. Sherlock opened his eyes lazily, watching with interest how John positioned himself on his thighs. He had often imagined such a domestic situation. While he was actually interested in sex in general, especially if it included one short, blonde army doctor, it had never been of uttermost importance to him. Moments like this, quiet intimate ones, held a strong appeal to him because they had always been so very hard to achieve for him. Not with John though, never with John.
It was 1 am when John came home. He felt exhausted and empty. The night with Greg had taken all his acting skills and the stairs seemed to feel a personal grudge towards him trying to be as hard to climb as possible. The dizziness John felt was suddenly replaced by pure wonder when he stepped through the living room door.
“John? Could you..um...probably think a bit louder?” Sherlock asked with his hands folded in his lap, his head tilted to the side and a look of insecurity on his face.
John’s heart was racing, his own pulse loud in his ears. His feet felt glued to the ground where he stood and there was a prickling sensation in his fingertips. It took him a whole minute to respond.
“Here.” Came the faint answer from beside the window. John was standing behind the curtain watching the street outside as it appeared peaceful to an uninformed observer. John turned towards Sherlock, untangling himself from the curtain and took the few steps over to the couch where he sat down heavily. Sherlock got up to take a seat on the other side of the table, opposite John.
When Sherlock opened the door to Lestrade’s office, the Detective Inspector didn’t even spare his arriving guests a glance. The man sitting on the other side of his desk held all of the DI’s attention even though his posture clearly said that he’d rather be anywhere else in the world.
that overlooked a big part of London down to the river
“You! Why didn’t you turn around? Do it!”
“Sherlock, would you please come up to me?”
“Biscuits. I think.”
“Father, I am begging you. I promise, I won’t spend all my life alone but please, please, don’t wed me just yet!” He looked up through his lashes with his saddest look plastered over his face. “Please, beloved father!”
“Six men with various weapons. I think they’ve been torturing a creature to make it scream. They are closely watching the door AND the earth in front of it is completely drenched in blood.”
Sherlock’s stomach was churning and the urge to vomit rose in his body. He was disgusted by his lack of self control but there was nothing he could do against his body’s natural reaction.
“Martha, go to the ward and prepare a room.” John said urgently while binding the leg underneath the knee with a rubber cord.
“Yes, please. NOW!”
“I think I should make use of your permission fully then, if it is so limited.”
John kept his crouched position, bend low holding his stomach with the now free hand, but on the inside he began summoning all his left over energy and prepared to pull his hunting knife out of his boot at the exact right moment.
He quickly got into the MI6 archives again, and started up John’s interface program. Anxiety filled his stomach with butterflies, and he hoped he wasn’t too late.
“Sherlock, look at me,” John said pleadingly. Sherlock didn’t budge, reasoning that not doing anything had no chances of making the situation any worse. Nothing could make this situation any worse.
Sherlock was shaken out of his reverie by John gently tugging on his hand and interlacing their fingers together.
“Yes,” Sherlock finally croaked out. “Yes, yes, yesyes
“A lot more efficient than us,” John agreed with a smile.
“Yeah.” John smiled, and the corners of his eyes crinkled. He leaned in to brush his nose along Sherlock’s. “This okay?”
“Yes,” John answered, glancing over at Sherlock. John’s expression was soft and tender, and it made Sherlock’s chest ache to see it even after so many years. “The knight fell in love with the prince when they met. He thought the prince was beautiful, smart and funny. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was when the prince became his friend and asked him to live in the castle. The prince made him very happy.”
They both laughed until Sherlock got his breath back, and made his way up to the flat.
“In the extremely unlikely event of a zombie apocalypse I would attempt rescuing you should we become separated,” Sherlock says that evening over Chinese takeaway.
“So… the prince was like you,” Darcy pointed at Sherlock, “and the knight was like you.” Darcy pointed at John.
"Sherlock, what are you--" John stops mid-sentence when he notices a police car coming round the corner. "Oh, god," John groans. The neighbours definitely weren't happy with Sherlock's atonal violin practice.
Darcy calmed down too, her sobs and hiccoughs stopping entirely. She was still curled up against Sherlock’s chest, bundled up under the covers so that only her mop of blonde curls was visible, and held Sherlock’s t-shirt in one small fist. John had his hand over her side and belly, and she clutched two of his fingers in her hand as if still scared he might let her go. She was breathing deeply and evenly, evidently on the edge of sleep.
Nibbling on one or the other snack, they were sitting in the kitchen trying to come up with a strategy. Occupying two tables, their separation still in place and still not mentioned, the army soldier cleared his throat.
With great care, the three men got up and walked to the window overlooking the street. Surely enough, Bakerstreet was split in half, a huge crack running through it’s middle. Lestrade didn’t remark on the sight of his car hanging halfway down into a slope. He was sure that he had bigger problems at the moment. While they all stared outside, the silence was broken by the sound of Sherlock’s phone. Without looking at it, he picked up and raised it to his ear.
Softly, the feather was dragged over is skin. Sherlock felt his muscles contract and his chest tightening.
“I think I forgot to tell you that I didn't hire a therapist. There was no one qualified enough.” Sherlock said offhandedly.
The breakfast had been pleasant. In the time before St. Barth's, they used to spend lazy Sundays around the kitchen table, with Mrs. Hudson filling even the shortest silence with friendly teasing and little stories about the neighbours. Sherlock had always tried to look disinterested while participating in the Sunday breakfast whenever possible.
John passed them by, walking towards the quarters purposefully.
When their eyes met, it felt like some kind of spell was broken. Sherlock threw himself on the bed with a manic grin on his face. The bouncing brought John of balance and he fell on his side, lying beside Sherlock. Although his fingers had slipped out of him, John couldn’t muster up the strength to be upset. Sherlock’s happy grin just made him smile in return.
King John, Act V scene i
He hadn't wanted a baby. Hadn't wanted a pregnant wife that shot his best friend without batting an eye. And he had been right. Right to leave her and go back to Baker Street. And what had he done? He had taken her back even after going through that damned USB stick only to have her shoot at Sherlock yet again.
John let his eyes wander through the room in a way that would appear to most people as if he wasn’t sure how he’d ended up in a scenario like that. He noticed an old puppet lying in one corner of the room, the leaves piled up against the far wall and every inch of rotten wallpaper hanging from the ceiling. And he didn’t miss the shadow behind the front door. John didn’t trust people easily. Most tried to get on his good side hoping to have a strong link to the Watson family in times of need. Even though he’d had handed the responsibility for the
In contrast to the world in general, the time between being shot and waking up from his coma didn't exist for John. It all felt as if he had suddenly opened his eyes in a different dimension where everything looked the same but wasn't.
(See the end of the chapter for
*****
Having opened the cuffs on his shirt, Sherlock spared John a reassuring glance before he let it slip from his shoulders and efficiently began to unzip the fly of his black trousers. He heard a sharp intake of breath in front of him when he hooked his thumbs under the waistband.
There were certain things so desperately unspoken in 221b that it made John stop in his tracks, even in a situation as serious for the world as it was right now, to hear Sherlock acknowledge what they both knew all along.
John was really bad with stuff like this. Bad in a way that had fucked up every relationship throughout his whole life. And damn, if he wasn’t fucking up horribly right this instant. One moment he had been sitting beside Sherlock on the floor, eavesdropping. And the next he found himself entwining their fingers and whispering into the detective’s ear, actually bleeding encouraging the man’s line of deduction.
The man's face was a testament to the agony he was experiencing but he still watched Sherlock carefully as he got up from the ground and held a hand out for John.
Some changes were easier to accept than others and all of them (apart from the slight weakening of his muscles and the circulation problems) were bloody glorious.
John shrugged and, sitting up, pushed the blanket aside. “Sure, give me a minute.” He felt like it was his duty to calm Sherlock, make him feel normal and relaxed. Well, as much as that was possible with Sherlock.
The Consulting Detective’s eyes opened sluggishly as he raised his head to regard John questioningly.
“Did you read the pages on Nodens, the Elder God that likes to visit people in their dreams?” He went on without waiting for a reaction. “It’s said that he left the earth when the Great Old Ones arrived.”
Minutes ticked by as they adjusted to their new reality. It was, quite frankly, frightening. A decision had been made that evening. Finally acknowledging the elephant in the room had forced them to cross a line, and they were both at a loss as to how to proceed.
“John Watson. Tse, tse, tse. Why did you take an interest in my business? I hadn’t even begun to take over YOUR TERRITORRY!” He yelled angrily.
“4….”
“You didn’t do anything. At least, I think you didn’t intend to. I have made a mistake and I am going to face the consequences by moving out before it affects you and our friendship.”  Sherlock’s body betrayed his calm voice. There was a certain tension in his features. His hands were balled into fists and his eyes were locked on John’s.
“Maybe.” John stated awkwardly. Nothing around the strange creature was corrupted in any way and it wasn't about to melt through the floor either.
The doctor’s brows sat a little higher on his face now and John let his gaze wander through the room while he attempted to sound as professional as possible in spite of his embarrassment.
“A flu? Really?” He turned his head away in a display of disappointment before he threw his hands dramatically over his head and let himself fall back against the backrest.
Sherlock, finally naked, took a few seconds to relish the view and didn’t realize that John was doing the same. He had never seen Sherlock in this state of undress. Especially not with an erection jutting out from his body. John waited for nervousness or fear to tug at his nerves but he noted with satisfaction that seeing Sherlock this aroused just urged his own excitement on.
Shots rang out in the spacious stairwell before the tall man managed to pull the trigger on his gun. Taken by surprise, John turned around to see Mycroft slowly lowering the army browning as he watched a creature vanish downwards into the well hole.
“I….I wouldn’t be here if it could wait. John? Are you alright?” John took a step closer, now standing right in front of him, fixing him with a violent gaze.
"It'll probably start raining soon. Better get going." John pointed at a steep and sandy ascending slope ahead of them.
“What I am trying to tell you is simply that you, John Watson, somehow managed to get into MY head. Not the other way around.” John stopped at that, turning to look Sherlock in the eyes who strained his neck to watch the doctor’s reaction.
“John, I assure you I know everything there is to know about intercourse but if you are just searching for a reason to turn me down…”
“No, it’s ok. I don’t think anyone of us actually believes that.”
“Will you manage or should I help?” John inquired seriously.
Games it is then. John knows he has to stop staring at his phone and put it to good use again.
“Yes. Yes, I am yours.” John pressed Sherlock’s body firmly into his lap, thrusting in a punishing pace into him. He felt the Omegas entrance ease under the assault, giving way for his swollen knot.
“Stop babbling, John.” Sherlock interrupted him rudely before softly adding “I want it.”
It was still two hours until Sherlock and him had planned to go out and there really weren't enough ways to flee this conversation.
“Sounds good.” He said with a shrug. “So, do you want me to just lie down in the middle?”
“I think so.” John said, too distracted by his guilt to notice Mrs. Hudson's worried expression.
“John, my John. Perfect!” Sherlock’s muscles clench around his cock and suddenly it is hard to breath. He has to move. Now. John holds Sherlock by his hips and thrusts once, eliciting a moan out of them both.
In his left hand, Sherlock held the solution to all his problems, tempting in a way he hadn’t experienced in years. The table in front of him was already prepared. Somehow he had managed to avoid seeing his own face in the small mirror. He forced his eyes shut and turned his head away from the evidence of painful loss. With two fingers, Sherlock tore the small plastic bag open before he scattered most of the clean white powder all over his reflection in the mirror. It was OK. That would help him to stay alive. To survive the guilt and the loneliness he had to bear. Beside the mirror his phone moaned obscenely.
The smell of expensive shower foam filled his nostrils as realisation set in.
“Do you even want to? Detach, I mean.” The doctor enquired curiously.
“Here!” Sherlock called from his bedroom.
Beside him, Greg and John were adjusting the straps on their own gear before readying their guns. They were forming the advance party, while Sherlock and Sean were meant to be in the back, Mycroft and Martha being in between them.
Silence filled 221b for minutes after each of the three was done reading. Lestrade swallowed thickly around the lump in his throat. John had walked back to his chair and sat down heavily in it. He hid his face in his hands, thinking about the implications of Howard Phillips’ last words.
With it’s glass facade, the Grange was a better choice than most other buildings. The things, the mutants, apparently avoided direct sunlight. According to Sean, he’d never seen somebody being attacked outside during the day.
While John didn’t have the pressure of having to keep Sherlock occupied he still called the Yard a few days later.  The Consulting Detective’s ongoing obsession with Howard Phillips and his whereabouts worried John more than one of his moods would have done. 221B was constantly filled with Sherlock’s restless typing. Every now and then John tried to bring some kind of order into the various stacks of papers that were scattered over every surface of their flat but he had long lost any idea of what Sherlock meant to do with them or what information they actually held for him. When, after three days, Sherlock had obviously not come to any conclusion but didn’t snap either, john decided to get them another case. But it was a lost cause. Right after the Mullin’s case Lestrade had called in sick and, with Sherlock having the sunny personality he did, every other DI in London refused to work with them.
“Yes, John. Yes!” Sherlock babbled, pressing down against the hard length filling him.
“Oh that. No… Well, just these, you see? But from what I saw on TV I am very well off.” She said unbothered, pushing her hair back to reveal two holes where her ears had been, the skin around them smooth and unmarked. Sherlock looked at her calmly nodding in contemplation. John stared at her in amazement. He didn’t know if he’d taken the loss of his ears with such indifference.
“Oh, John. I knew you were one in a million but…Not literally.” Sherlock’s breath blew over John’s erection with every word and elicited a whimper from his throat.
Sherlock felt a funny flutter in his stomach, the old magazines stashed in his old school trunk  jumping to the forefront of his mind. He pushed those thoughts aside, ridiculous as they were.
Jane woke up with her face pressed firmly into a bird’s nest of dark, curly hair. The owner of the nest, one Sherlock Holmes, was breathing damp air into Jane’s neck and clinging to her like a giant limpet. They were both covered by the lavishly thick duvet, and it was starting to get rather hot and sweaty under it. Jane pushed it down to uncover their faces, and breathed in the crisp morning air.
The bed looked so soft and inviting. John, already sleepy and ruffled, looked even more enticing. Sherlock could do this. He could slip under the covers, stay on the far side of the bed and get a decent night’s sleep. Chances were John would pass out from exhaustion and the codeine high very soon, and would stay dead to the world for quite a few hours.
“I can’t—” John choked out and curled up on himself once more.
“Why blue?” John asks for the third time since coming home. He dips a spoon into the soup but Sherlock grabs it before John can bring it anywhere near his mouth.
Just as Mrs Hudson opened her mouth to say more, no doubt something to embarrass Sherlock even further, the downstairs doorbell rang.
The program started up, and the familiar logo and icons appeared, but the dialogue box was gone. In its place was a short message, and it made Sherlock’s blood run cold.
They heaped their plates with curry and rice, grabbed a few beers from the fridge, and made their way back to the living room. John set up the movie while Sherlock fussed with the sofa, fluffing up the pillows.
Sherlock stared up at John’s sleeping face in shock. John was dreaming about him. John was rutting against his belly and dreaming of having sex. With him. John wanted to have sex with him. John
“I’m beginning to think you don’t love me as much as you claim,” Sherlock said with mock annoyance and pouted.
Sherlock covered John’s mouth with an oxygen mask and started chest compressions, panic rising like bile in his throat and making his palm sweat. John was crashing fast. Sherlock grabbed the defibrillator and prepared it as quickly as he could. His clammy hands dropped the pads twice until he got them in place and delivered the first shock. He kept up the chest compressions between shocks, but John wasn’t improving.
“Sherlock,” John rasped. “Sherlock Holmes.”
Still, she had plans for today and none of them would be achieved by staying in bed. Today was Sherlock’s birthday and Jane was going to make it the best day of her life so far.
“Gentlemen,” he interrupted the discussion at the table, the gathered officers falling silent almost instantly. “We have the final Maiwand report. The situation is rather more serious than we first thought.”
“So beautiful,” John mouthed into Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock replied, yawning.
Sherlock hugged him back, held him just as tightly, and said nothing about the moisture seeping into his shirt. Relief swept through him like a flood, making his limbs heavy as the exhaustion of the last few days finally caught up to him.
“It’s not finished yet,” Sherlock huffs. “And it’s blue because that’s what the recipe said.”
“You knew,” Sherlock mumbles accusingly against John’s lips. John grins mischievously and shuts him up with another kiss. They do not stay silent for long.
“Mmm?”
After a few seconds the alert window disappeared, and the software started up.
Sherlock had considered looking for John by following his scent but that proved fruitless. Wherever he went was some time ago and his scent was too faint to be useful. Sherlock grudgingly resigned themselves to asking the onboard computer for help. They didn’t like talking to her that much, not because he had any problems with asking an AI for assistance, but Molly was always trying to be too helpful and her relentless bubbliness grated on them.
John made a broken, pained noise at the back of his throat and surged up to gather Sherlock into his arms.
“How?” they asked simply.
John turned on his heel and disappeared into the bathroom. Sherlock had to fight the urge to get up and go into his room to observe him through the glass bathroom door.
“Cleverer than the bad dragon?”
Sometime later he was woken up by the smell of coffee and toast. He could hear John puttering about the kitchen, trying to make as little noise as possible. Lestrade heard a door open somewhere in the back of the flat and a shuffling Sherlock came into view a few moments later. He was dressed in his pyjamas and blue dressing gown, and didn’t seem to notice Lestrade as he flopped down into a chair. Just then John came out of the kitchen, fully dressed and carrying two mugs of coffee and a plate of toast. He set down one the mugs and the plate in front of Sherlock, whose only response was to yawn loudly. Lestrade couldn’t think of a time he’s ever seen the detective yawn.
Sherlock was looking devastated only seconds after John had intervened.
John stepped in the parlor, his arms full of groceries, when he was forcefully pushed back against the wall. Sherlock pressed his whole body against him, whispering desperately.
Sherlock had to admit that he didn’t really know what to look for. He didn’t know anything but a name to go after and if no one actually greeted his target with a loud exclamation of it’s name it would be almost impossible to know who of those people might be John. Quietly, he regarded the man sharing a table with him. Mid-thirties, used to being outside, clearly a regular guest judging by the way people kept nodding at him as a greeting. Not a talkative one though. No one tried to approach him for a casual chat or asked him about his well-being. Even though the man’s beer seemed to magically refill itself every now and then.
When the door to 221b closed, Sherlock sent a text to Mycroft, telling him to let his stuff return to Baker Street.
“When will the massage therapist arrive?” He added hopefully.
“Safe?” The man grimaced fiercely. “ I haven't been...” He tried to finish when his eyes rolled upwards and his body collapsed as if every single muscle suddenly refused to cooperate.
Letting admiration show on his face but not commenting on the correct deduction, the blogger returned to his work.
“Let me…!” He demanded, between groans. John only nodded in agreement when Sherlock started to work his excessively dripping prick. Instantly, he felt John’s muscles clench around him.
45 minutes of pain and sweat later John watched Louise leave, treatments table folded under her massive arm. Not even trying to get up from the couch, John called Sherlock's name.
“You know perfectly fine what happened. Howard made a mistake. He thought he’d find something enlightening. Something that would explain why we are all here. Something that would give our lives a sense. But that’s not what it was. Don’t try acting stupid with me, Mr. Holmes!”
*****
Suddenly, Sherlock met his upwards thrust with his full weight, forcing the knot into the slick opening. The Omega groaned in relief, his climax hitting him powerfully. He came hard between their bellies and over John’s chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
“OK. Thank you, Doctor.” John said while he hastily dressed.
With another peck, this time on Sherlock’s lips, John began to move in earnest.
Stepping out on the street with his shopping bags, John noticed a melancholic and familiar melody. His. The song Sherlock used to play for him when he needed to calm down from a nightmare. He glanced at the young homeless girl standing in front of Tesco playing the violin. She winked at him.
“Welcome to my
As always he didn’t have any money with him but it wouldn’t be that hard to cry a few coins for their dinner. The moment he imagined the disappointment of having met the wrong John, he felt his eyes sting and a strong weight pressing down on his chest. Soon, tears were running down his cheeks. As always he held his hands below his face to catch the silver coins and… felt the wetness on his skin, the drops falling on his palms but there was no clinging, no weight, no metallic warmth marking the positions of coins in his hands. Disbelieving, Sherlock stared into his empty hands. Seconds ticked by in which Sherlock tried to comprehend what was happening. When he ultimately failed he decided to go back to John to ask him if he’d like to get to know him over a dinner he’d have to pay.
“If you ask so nicely, on the bottom step in front of the door. I only wanted to look if the shop was already open but then I saw the box and brought it in.”
“Well, not especially for me. She wrote them when she was 23, in the hope that they would aid her future children. She was very happy when she met my father but she had always hoped to meet her Alpha. Although, people like us have always been rare, there were a few more in her time. When she married him, she knew she would never experience the bond between Alpha and Omega, but she trusted that one of her children would.” Sherlock explained with a loving expression on his face.
“Hmm? Yes, yes, fine,” Sherlock answered distractedly. John was still looking up at him with concern so Sherlock bent down to press a chaste but firm kiss to his lips. “I’m fine. Let’s go see Mummy.”
. Sherlock moaned and opened his mouth, allowing John to push his tongue inside. They both groaned at the feeling, and that single sound turned the tender kisses into something far more passionate and urgent.
“I haven’t asked you yet, you git.”
He was considering whether to distract himself with his experiments or go bother Molly at Bart’s, not wanting to mope around the flat in case Mrs Hudson cornered him, when his comm device signalled an incoming call.
A second policeman gets out of the car and both of them look at John and Sherlock uncertainly. "Sir, please put your violin down," the first one says. Sherlock remains silent and stares vacantly at John, obviously playing along with his plan.
“How could I forget?” John gave him a watery smile before hugging him tightly. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck. “It’s you. Always you.”
Sherlock slid down John’s side and settled with his head in John’s lap. He looked up at John with an impish smile, which startled a laugh out of John.
“Hello, Mrs Holmes,” John placed a kiss on her other cheek and gave her a hug, not caring a whit about the flour.
“John,” Sherlock said again, apprehension and doubt creeping into his voice. He tugged the hand John was still holding and brought it to his chest. He held John’s hand between his own, absolutely sure John could feel his heart beating wildly in his chest. “John, could you-- that is-- you could--”
, one he thought he had lost. Sherlock caressed the silk between his fingers, his confusion unfurling into a different direction. Had John kept it all this time? Why would he do that?
“Promise.”
“Very happy,” Sherlock replied. He watched Darcy take it all in and process it. She appeared to be making a decision about something.
John shuffled closer and embraced them both, kissing the top of Darcy’s head.
Mollified, Sherlock wandered out into the house in search for his father. As soon as the kitchen door closed behind him Mrs Holmes turned to John with a grin.
Sherlock ground to a halt in front of the last room. The equipment inside was blinking and beeping, and there was an unmistakable silhouette of a man immersed in the tank.
Jane gathered Sherlock up in her arms and rested their foreheads together.
Sherlock glanced at John, who had a slightly melancholy look on his face. Neither of them had mentioned the time before they met in a long while, certainly not to Darcy.
“Ask you what?” John looked puzzled. Sherlock nearly groaned in frustration which came out more like a whimper.
Sherlock said nothing, refusing to meet Mycroft’s gaze. He stared at the ceiling, eyes unfocused. He should have known this, shouldn't have hoped it would go on indefinitely. It was his lot in life, it seemed, to go through it alone. A friendship in its infancy nipped in the bud. Not for the first time, and not the last.
John, still trembling and breathing unevenly, eyed the glass with suspicion before snatching it and downing the whole thing in three big gulps. In the back of his mind, Sherlock was relieved to see John conscious and without any immediate physical impairments.
“The years haven’t been as kind to you, unfortunately,” Sherlock quipped with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. Jane grinned back at her and slipped her hands under Sherlock’s t-shirt. Sherlock flashed her a quick smile in the mirror and went about brushing her teeth.
One of the giant blocks had a small plaque on it, and Sherlock approached, already knowing what it would say.
“Will you marry me?”
Sherlock couldn’t bear it any longer and shuffled away from John’s embrace. No matter how badly he wanted to rut himself to completion against John’s thigh, and regardless of how incredible it felt hearing John softly moan his name, he couldn’t let this go any further.
John’s right hand wrapped around Sherlock’s moderate length almost entirely. He held it lightly, smearing his thumb through the precome gathered at the tip. Sherlock whimpered into John’s mouth, very nearly overwhelmed by the simple stimulation. It was a culmination of years of longing, his body finally catching up to his brain, finally ready to give in to pleasure.
. You woke me up and then found out this will be over within a few days, no doubt your omniscient brother helped, didn’t he? So why bother telling the poor, clueless computer that its life will be over?” John’s voice kept rising, becoming more furious.
Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the keyboard, not wanting to finish the conversation. He had enjoyed himself, more than he had in a long time, and was loath to let it go. Even though he knew that Watson wouldn’t go anywhere, and would still be there to carry on the conversation in a few hours. Sherlock hoped the AI didn’t decide he was a dullard after all, moving on to find something, or someone, more interesting.
Sherlock tried mirroring John’s actions and opened his mouth a little further. John groaned and pulled Sherlock closer to him. Emboldened, Sherlock gave John’s lower lip a tentative lick.
“Aww,” Darcy cooed and giggled. She turned to Sherlock. “And the prince?”
Sherlock circled the binary star system, clicking and whistling to themselves. They were emitting excited noises, waving their hands around, eyes taking in every minute detail. John watched on with a fond smile.
“You’re a git,” John mutters under his breath loud enough for Sherlock to hear. Sherlock says nothing for the rest of the day.
Sherlock went back to his book, and decided he would give John until the end of the chapter he was reading, and if he wasn’t back by then he would go to sleep. Middle age had definitely crept up on him—he needed far more regular sleep nowadays, especially with a toddler in the flat. And reading glasses. Although those could be used to elicit some very interesting reactions from John, unlike the need for undisturbed sleep.
The ring was simple—a thin, white gold band with a round, flat, white and blue gemstone in the middle. Sherlock lifted her other hand to trace the ring with her fingertips.
“Too much what?” Sherlock asked, puzzled.
“You love it.”
“It’s not a dead twig, John,” Sherlock says impatiently and continues to pace the kitchen. “As usual you see but do not observe,” he mutters to himself. “Viscum album, of the family Santalaceae in the order Santalal, an obligate hemi-parasitic plant, native to Great Britain and most of Europe. The white berries are poisonous, don’t eat them,” Sherlock rattles off without a pause for breath.
“Then they kissed,” she finally stated.
If only Watson was real. A physical body. If only Sherlock could meet him.
Sherlock scowled at the screen. Watson caring about his life would’ve been more touching if it didn’t also mean denial of access to the information he wanted.
Mycroft was right. Caring was not an advantage. He let himself slip this once, and already it had turned into misery.
“You knew.” It wasn’t an accusation or a question, just a simple statement. The steel in John’s voice made Sherlock’s skin break out in goosebumps.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered again, voice growing thick with emotion. John gathered him close and kissed him, and Sherlock kept whispering it over and over again between kisses. The words had been stuck in his throat for years, and now that he’d said them once they poured out of him endlessly.
“Not everyone within the government is thrilled about the development of the M Project. Watson’s incorporation into it would make it far too powerful and unpredictable. It could become very dangerous, a possibility which has been ignored by many of those in power.”
“Do try not to be so tiresome, Sherlock,” Mycroft snapped. “Save your friend and destroy any traces of the experiments, by whatever means necessary.”
He was too late. John had not hung up on him, he had been disconnected. Stupid, stupid! He should have known, he should have checked straight away. Instead he had wallowed in self pity, waiting for John to call him back.
John wobbled away to the head of the bed and crawled under the covers.
“Mrs Hudson!”
“Yeah,” Lestrade smiled. Greasy take away, alcohol and football sounded like the perfect end to a pretty good day. “Sherlock won’t mind?”
John shuffled his lower body closer to Sherlock, seeking friction.
“Some dragons are scary even to adults,” John murmured into her hair. “Are you sure you want to hear the rest of the story?”
John cut Sherlock’s tirade short by kissing him gently. Sherlock tried to glare at him but John’s fond look and smile were too infectious, and he felt his own lips twitch in response.
to dream about him and wake up disgusted.
John’s consciousness had been put into a state of hibernation, only accessible through a direct link. Which meant he was somewhere nearby. Sherlock took in his surroundings once more, his eyes immediately landing on the black monoliths on the other side of the corridor. Now that he wasn’t dashing about, he could see tightly coiled cables and wires filling the gaps between them. As he got closer he could see a few blinking lights. It reminded him of something, but he couldn’t quite place what it was.
“John.” Sherlock sounded unsure. John waited silently for Sherlock to stop his inspection of the gravel beneath his feet.
John awakes to the sounds of violin drifting in through the open bedroom window. It sounds angry and exactly like something Sherlock might play to wake him up.
Just as Sherlock was about to type out some sort of greeting or an opening question, the newly awakened AI beat him to it.
On the second day Mycroft appeared, several men in tow, which made Mrs Hudson complain about people barging into her home again. Mycroft brought essentials for John, clothes and toiletries, and John’s fake identity documents. Mycroft’s presence was proof enough that the destruction of Baskerville had been successful. The brothers said nothing to each other for the duration of the brief visit, a rare and silent truce.
“You’re shameless.”
After he arrived at 221b with two six packs of beer, Lestrade was greeted with piping hot Chinese food and the game already on the telly. John was getting the plates and cutlery out, while Sherlock sat perched on his armchair, pointedly not looking at the football match.
“John said you can come in.” Molly’s voice startled Sherlock. “He said he’s surprised it took you this long to find him.” Molly’s voice sounded suspiciously smug.
“Oh!” Mrs Hudson interrupted, flapping her hands with excitement. “Oh Sherlock, I’m so happy you finally found a young man for yourself.”
“Oh Sherlock, I do wish you’d stop trying to annoy your brother,” Mrs Hudson tutted.
“Anything interesting?” John asked as he glanced through the morning papers strewn around the table.
Sherlock felt his own blush creeping up neck and cheeks, setting his entire face aflame. John’s grin grew even wider.
“Sherlock,” John said, clearly making an effort to keep his voice level. “Withholding this kind of information is not protection. It’s a lie. You
It wasn’t even sitting slightly apart that bothered Sherlock so much, it was the issue of how to initiate contact. He knew he could touch John more freely now, not needing to pretend it was accidental or “for science, John”, but he wasn’t sure where the boundaries had shifted to.
“What possible meaning could the phrase “you’re never convenient” hold apart from the obvious, do enlighten me,” Sherlock snapped. He was lying down again, facing John, a safe arm’s length between them.
Sherlock drove like a man possessed, like the hounds of hell were chasing him, and they made it back to Baker Street within two hours. Sherlock dragged the sleeping John to the front door and banged on it, hard.
“Piss off, Mycroft.” Sherlock went back to his furious pacing without sparing a glance at his brother.
“Oh, that would be marvellous. Are you sure you’re not too tired after the journey?”
“You miss it,” Sherlock stated. “You miss home.”
Sherlock returned to John, picked him up at gently as he could, and carried him to the lifts. He set John down on the floor, arranging him in the recovery position. He checked his heart function and breathing again, twice, to make sure he was stable. He quickly assessed John’s body temperature by laying his hand on John’s forehead, and told himself caressing John’s skin and hair was part of the process.
John smirked and kissed the underside of Sherlock's jaw. He grabbed Sherlock's hand and led them towards the (shared, Lestrade assumed) bedroom. “I’ll never tell a soul you like to be the little spoon.”
“We’re a right pair. Two puzzle pieces among billions.”
Sherlock tensed all over, too terrified to move a muscle. He had to get himself out of John’s embrace before John woke up to avoid any embarrassment for either of them. He knew John wouldn’t take it well and his painkillers would’ve worn off by now so this situation had the potential to end up in a complete disaster.
“Great,” John gave Lestrade a friendly pat on the arm. “Bring the beer,” he said as he started to walk towards the nearest taxi stand.
Sherlock wordlessly took John’s hand and began walking out into the fields.
Jane rinsed her mouth and her toothbrush quickly,  stepping aside to let Sherlock use the sink to wash her hands. While Sherlock washed her face and then squinted at her own reflection, Jane plastered herself to Sherlock’s back and hugged her.
They went back to watching the film, at least John did. Sherlock was far more preoccupied with basking in John’s embrace, the feel of his skin against Sherlock’s face, and his gentle fingers in Sherlock’s hair. Feeling more sure of himself, Sherlock reached out to grab John’s right hand, and brought it to his lips. He kissed John’s knuckles one by one, then the centre of his palm.
His landlady opened the door less than a minute later. Sherlock barged inside, John hanging heavily from his shoulder, before she could reprimand him for making so much noise.
He couldn’t tell John. It was selfish of him to keep John’s fate a secret, but why taint the last few days he had left? He could make him happy, keep him company, and then take on the burden of loss and grief himself. It was for the best.
Sherlock entered the flat quietly, not wanting to betray his presence just yet. He carefully draped his coat on one of the living room chairs, and took a closer look at the transformed flat. The coffee table had been pushed away from the sofa, the tv now sitting atop it, surrounded by small candles. More candles were scattered around the desk, a random array of various sizes and colours, some evidently pinched from Mrs Hudson. The only other sources of light were a lamp on the other side of the room, behind Sherlock’s armchair, and the lit fireplace. The flat felt warm, cosy and intimate. Romantic, even.
“I had a look around the MI6 archives,” Sherlock admitted around a spoonful of stew.
“We were—we were scared.” John huffed out a quiet laugh at Darcy’s disbelieving look. “I was scared Sherlock didn’t love me like I loved him. It was—well— terrifying. Your dad was everything to me. I was afraid I would lose him and I couldn’t risk it.”
“Yes,” Darcy agreed, nodding firmly more to herself than anyone else. “The prince was smart so he knew and then the brave knight kissed him.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure whether taking John’s hand while watching a film was comparable to a quick peck on the lips in the morning, or a bit of cuddling before sleep. Or maybe it was too much? Too clingy? They were supposed to watch a film after all.
“The prince and the knight went on adventures together, travelling to nearby villages and cities to help people. The prince was very smart and quick, and the knight was strong and brave - they made a brilliant team together. They solved murders, caught thieves, and made the kingdom a safer place to live. The people loved them and were always happy when they came to help.”
Sherlock started thrusting his hips in earnest, pushing his cock further into John’s fist, the way eased by the copious amount of moisture. John moved across to his right nipple and lavished it with the same kind of attention. John’s left hand made it’s way down to grope and knead Sherlock’s arse.
“I like it,” Sherlock blurted, and found he meant it. John looked up at him with a hopeful smile playing on his lips. “It’s, um, it’s—it’s romantic.”
“I did get you something,” Jane said when they broke apart.
“Because we aren’t as brave as the prince and the knight,” John answered, Darcy’s inquisitive gaze fixed on him. “We didn’t know we loved each other.”
"Sherlock! Wake up!" John interrupts the police officer. Sherlock stops playing and looks at John quizzically. John strides quickly towards him and hopes Sherlock doesn't try to be too difficult. "Wake up, you've been sleepwalking again!"
Darcy wriggled out of her blanket and crawled under the covers. Sherlock gathered her to his chest and kissed her head.
For three days Sherlock stayed in the kitchen, unable to concentrate on anything lest he miss the telltale sounds of John waking up, or hovered by the open door of his bedroom, where he watched John sleep and wished him awake. Every few hours he hauled John up into a semi-sitting position and made him drink some water. John kept sleeping.
Sherlock broke out of his mortified stupor and moved away just far enough to be able to look up at John. Who still appeared to be asleep.
’ Watson paused for a few seconds before finishing the sentence,
to even consider the possibility of John reciprocating his feelings. Dreams were not proof of anything, John had no control over dreaming about him, he might not even
“I’m so sorry,” Sherlock said, voice breaking. “I was only trying—I wanted you to be happy until the end. I thought if you did, and if I was the one to—I didn’t want you to be sad. I thought I could be your friend, because neither of us—”
On his way back to the lifts he stopped by the John supercomputer. He briefly touched the hot metal with his fingertips, then ran towards the lifts and didn’t look back.
:::::
“Sherlock, go find your father and get some pillows down from the loft. You’re in your old room and don’t worry, darling,” she added quickly before Sherlock could do no more than open his mouth. “I haven’t touched a thing, I promise.”
Sherlock was still unable to talk so he shook his head mutely. How could he make John understand none of this was a real possibility in his mind; how could he make him see how utterly unlikely any of this was?
A few hours later, as the sun rose across the city, Sherlock was still awake. He had spent the night lying motionless on the sofa, caught in an endless loop of regret and hopeful waiting for John to call back.
“I wouldn’t dream of making you one, brother dear.” Mycroft let one side of his mouth twitch infinitesimally. He walked towards the front door to the flat. “You have two hours to memorise the contents of that folder, after which you are to burn it. Keep the access card to Baskerville Laboratories. A car will be waiting for you downstairs,” He paused with his hand on the doorknob. “I hope you succeed, for your sake and mine,” he said quietly, and left.
Sherlock wanted more, though. He wanted to feel more of John’s body heat, feel the press of his hands, his lips.
Sherlock looked around the room, considering his options. There was only one, albeit fairly sizeable, bed. There was also the armchair but it looked tiny and fragile. Sherlock could just not sleep; he could stay awake and organise the conclusion of the case inside his mind palace, he could watch John sleep and catalogue his sleeping pattern. He could do all that even though he was exhausted to the bone.
they mostly spent time on cases as John had his own domestic life to tend to. Sherlock hadn’t felt the need to go walking on his own, the prospect always making him irrevocably morose.
Sherlock prompted him, seeing how reluctant Watson was to admit to what had happened.
“Wartime Automated Tactical Strategy and Ordnance Neutralisation. Not the most memorable of names.”
“I do wish you’d stop bothering me and deal with actual problems for once.”
“Sherlock! John! Oh, the dreadful traffic these days, Margaret has been frantic with worry all day. Come in, come in, you must be tired. Through to the sitting room, drop your bags there boys. Margaret wants to see you but she’s stuck in the kitchen, you see.”
“Yes, John, don’t interrupt,” Sherlock said, clearly trying to hide his immense amusement. His mock annoyed glare looked identical to Darcy’s, and John chuckled at how much alike the two of them looked.
“Don’t bloody care,” Sherlock interrupted. He pulled John back to him by the front of his shirt and kissed him, effectively silencing him.
“Don’t worry, I’m not angry. I know you did it out of concern but there’s a reason I don’t like taking codeine.”
“What did the dragon look like?”
“Don’t worry about it. We have time to catch up.” John winked at him and Sherlock felt himself blush. Something in his belly fluttered pleasantly at the thought of what that would bring. He did, however, also feel a little bit nervous at the prospect of a relationship, and all that entailed, with John. Because it was John, and he couldn’t afford to lose him again.
“No more! No more!” Darcy squealed as she tossed and turned, trying to dislodge her dads from making her laugh.
A small tug on his t-shirt made Sherlock look back down at Darcy. Her little brows were furrowed with worry.
Sherlock slowly sat up and swung his legs off the bed. John sat back on his heels and looked up at him, as if in supplication over this sentimental theft. Sherlock looked down at the scarf bundled up in his lap and tried to fight the lump in his throat.
Silence was his only answer.
Jane got up from the bed and stretched, rising up on her tiptoes. She padded to the bathroom and used the loo. She washed her face and tried to brush out the knots in her short hair but it was no use, at least not until she washed it.
Sherlock had turned around in his sleep and was now facing John. His face was mashed into John’s neck, his left arm slung over John’s hips, and their legs tangled under the covers. John had both of his arms around Sherlock, and he had his nose more or less buried in Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and buried his face in John’s shirt covered belly. His words were muffled when he spoke, but Lestrade could still make out what he said.
He heard John’s quiet steps approaching, and spoke without turning around.
“This isn’t how I imagined you bringing a man back home, Sherlock,” she tutted.
“I’m not, but I will not let you starve, either.” Mrs Hudson ushered Sherlock into his seat, and glared at him until he started eating. “I know you haven’t had anything to eat since the biscuits yesterday—and do not think I haven’t noticed you nicked them, young man—and God knows when was the last decent meal you’d had before that.”
Darcy pondered this for a moment before turning her inquisitive gaze to John once more.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, wake up. Wake up, Sherlock.”
The A&E department had been swamped and it took several hours before John was seen by a doctor. John stubbornly denied being injured but the doctor didn’t seem fazed and simply went about examining John’s shoulder in silence. He did smirk rather smugly when John yelped in pain at being prodded and manhandled.
John chuckled and set his mug down on the table. He grabbed one of Sherlock’s arms and tugged. “I forgot how vital morning cuddling was to the great Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock nipped, sucked and licked, and he was painfully aware he had no idea what he was doing. The kisses were sloppy, wet and a little bit uncoordinated; Sherlock poured all of his love into them instead, and John didn’t seem to mind. John patiently showed Sherlock what to do with his lips and tongue, occasionally adding a hint of teeth, and encouraged him with pleased groans and moans whenever Sherlock did something well.
“This isn’t a joke, brother dear. You do any more than you have done already, and you could find yourself in a position where even I can’t help.”
Sherlock swallowed his gasps and scrunched up his eyes, wishing the visions away.
Within minutes he had everything set up. Sherlock’s finger hovered over the start button for a few long seconds, before he slammed it down with as much force as he dared. Immediately, he could hear the equipment in the only occupied room start up.
“Can we wait at least until later tonight before we talk about it?”
Watson was silent for a moment.
“Well,” Mrs Holmes said as she got up from her chair. “I think it’s time your father and I retire for the evening. No arguments, Thomas.”
“Is this—
Sherlock felt the side of his mouth twitch in response. He dropped a quick kiss on Darcy’s forehead and then John’s hand—still held tightly to Darcy’s chest—and got comfortable. With Darcy bright eyes glued firmly to his face, he began the story.
“And good evening to you too, Sherlock,” Lestrade replied unfazed, and carried on walking towards the kitchen. Sherlock scowled and turned his attention towards the telly. Lestrade got out two beers for himself and John, and deposited the rest in the fridge. They carried out the food into the lounge and sat down on the sofa. Lestrade tucked into his food and couldn’t hold back a groan of pleasure. It was his favourite and it was delicious.
“Kiss me first,” Sherlock demanded, turning her face up expectantly.
After a few seconds of shocked silence, the room erupted in heated debate that continued long into the night.
Sherlock shut down his computer and shuffled off to his bedroom. He collapsed into bed, still in his pyjamas from the day before, and fell asleep almost immediately. He dreamt he got lost in a metal maze, the walls covered in blinking lights, the ground blanketed in twisting cables. He was searching for someone, but could not remember who.
“As you should be.”
he could feel the pulse in it. Sherlock’s mouth watered.
Lestrade closed his eyes quickly and schooled his features, trying to give off his best still-very-much-asleep impression. He felt a bit like an intruder, seeing John and Sherlock during their morning routines, but the temptation was just too great to resist. Seeing the domesticity of their shared breakfast was like watching a rare and easily spooked bird. Mentally berating himself for the comparison, Lestrade reflected he might’ve had a bit more to drink the previous night than he previously thought.
Sherlock stayed awake, watching both her and John in the pale light coming through the curtains. He could see Darcy’s frizzy hair sticking out in all directions, the tip of her button nose, and her small fist still hanging onto John’s t-shirt. She looked tiny and fragile, like the smallest touch could break her. Sherlock’s chest tightened at the thought. He promised he would protect her, a vow he made to himself when he first held her, and the one he just made to her. The thought of failing to keep her safe plagued him—had plagued him for over three years. Could he keep that promise? What if the next threat, the next dragon, was too big even for them? What if—
After nearly fifteen minutes of constant pretend fidgeting, Sherlock’s right side was pressed against John’s left, shoulder to thigh. Sherlock slumped against the cushions in relief.
“You know what, forget I asked,” John mumbled. He wouldn’t meet Sherlock eyes, a sure sign he was embarrassed and uncomfortable.
“In the greater scale of the universe, Earth is insignificant,” Sherlock remarked, running their hand carefully over the surface of the planet. John snorted in response.
Sherlock couldn’t speak, couldn’t possibly trust himself to make a sound so instead he kissed John. He kissed him like his entire life depended on it, and in a way it did; he kissed him like he never wanted to be parted from him, and he didn’t.
Jane started to gently extricate herself from Sherlock’s embrace, eliciting sleepy grumbles and protests from her partner. Jane couldn’t help but giggle silently at how utterly and disarmingly endearing Sherlock was when asleep.
John was in a semi-conscious state by this time, able to use his legs well enough that Sherlock didn’t have to carry him. They made their way to the ground floor, John draped over Sherlock’s side and stumbling every few steps, and joined the stream of people leaving the main building in a hurry. No one paid them any attention; they were surrounded by scientists and technicians in all sorts of laboratory gear, and neither of them looked out of place. Even John’s semi-consciousness wasn’t suspicious as quite a few people had been hurt and were in a similar state, especially those who worked immediately above the explosion.
Sherlock kept still and let John set the pace.
, shall we say, kept Watson functional along with the remnants of Phase II.”
Over an hour later they were both sprawled out naked on the bed, the duvet twisted around their legs. Sherlock was on her front, her arms folded under her head, her eyes closed, and a small smile playing on her lips. Jane had her head propped up on her hand, the other one lightly caressing Sherlock’s back.
The light coming from window, muted by the still drawn curtains, made Sherlock’s skin glow pale gold. Jane traced the freckles and moles scattered across Sherlock’s back with her fingertips. Her hand dipped below the covers to grope Sherlock’s bum quickly, which earned her an amused huff from Sherlock.
Lestrade shrugged. The rest of the police officers were getting ready to leave. “Nobody died, Sherlock only insulted one person, and I’ll get to watch the game tonight. A good night, in my opinion.”
----------
Jane’s efforts to get out of Sherlock’s grasp were fruitless. She ended up propped up on one elbow with Sherlock wrapped around her torso and legs even tighter than before. Sherlock, now fully awake, glared at Jane from under her fringe.
The candour startled a laugh out of Sherlock. Clearly, this AI had a distinct personality. His lips twitching at the corners, Sherlock typed out the truth.
“How considerate of you,” Sherlock replied, his usual confidence slowly coming back as the shock of hearing Watson’s voice receded. He grasped for a change in topic, to distract himself from his fluttering stomach and downright boyish excitement, and blurted out the first thing on his mind. “What does Watson stand for?”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock blurted out. “I should have woken you up earlier. I know this wasn’t good, I didn’t mean to—this is nothing, this is just a natural reaction to the proximity of another body. Dreams mean nothing, there are multiple variables influencing—”
Sherlock walked over to the sofa and picked up the DVD case that had been carelessly thrown on it. A new James Bond film, clearly a gift from Harry. Sherlock smiled to himself, remembering all the other Bond films he had watched with John over the years. Back then, it was an opportunity to bicker and laugh with a friend, even if he had longed for more. As much as he protested and moaned about the stupidity of the films, he cherished those evenings and carefully stored every single one in his mind palace.
“Sir, we have the final report from the Maiwand Mission.”
“Is that good or bad?”
“We can’t laugh,” John said from between his fingers, still giggling. “It’s a crime scene.”
“Do you want me to get one of your books?” Sherlock tapped her nose gently with his finger. She smiled up at him and scrunched up her nose.
“Miss me, did you?” John asked, voice tinged with amusement.
John Watson was surprisingly heavy. Sherlock made the rather unpleasant discovery whilst half carrying John up the stairs in the middle of the night, at the B&B they were staying in, somewhere in the arse end of Kent. John was also drugged up to the eyeballs with codeine and about as cooperative as a limp noodle. A rather clingy limp noodle.
It starts with Sherlock making dinner. It’s a soup and it’s bright blue.
“We’ll be fine.”
“You mean—I’m—and you—we—this?” Sherlock stumbled over his words, trying to say several things at once. He hadn’t expected this, he wasn’t prepared for this.
“Back in a minute.”
“Neither do you.”
He glared at her until she left, leaving him to work in peace. Once John was tucked into bed, Sherlock checked his vitals one last time. Everything was still normal. All Sherlock had to do now was wait.
----------
In the kitchen they were greeted with Mrs Holmes up to her elbows in pastry and what looked like a flour explosion all over the kitchen table.
“It seems you have missed me, though.” Sherlock huffed out a quiet laugh.
“I’m nothing like you,” John finally spoke.
The Chief of the Defence Staff took a deep breath, his frown deepening ever further.
“Oh no,” Darcy whispered in a small voice.
He couldn’t concentrate on the book in front of him, the study of maggots suddenly becoming unspeakably dull and meaningless. Restless, Sherlock got up to find something more interesting to do in the living room. He glanced at John’s armchair as he walked past it, and the sight of John’s cardigan thrown over the back of it made him stop.
“Sherlock, I can hear you breathing. Say something.”
“John, wake up.
“Forty would be young to you, grandma,” Sherlock grumbled under her breath.
“Sir?”
Mycroft sighed, and entered the flat undeterred. He walked over to the desk and placed a pale blue folder on top of it.
His still heart pounding loudly in his ears and a layer of sweat forming at his hairline, Sherlock monitored the progress of the transfer and John’s vitals. The process seemed to take forever, and he paced the small room in agitation. He was terrified it wouldn’t work, that the strain on John’s body would be too great and he’d die, that they’d be caught trying to escape. If he were a religious man, he would pray, but as it was all he could do was hope he managed everything in his power to save John, and that the universe was kind to him, for once.
“Shut up, it’s perfect,” Sherlock said, her voice wavering, more tears falling from her eyes. “Yes, of course yes.”
“Sherlock--”
“What do you need a dead twig for?” John asks looking down at said twig and twirling it between his fingers.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and his hips stilled.
As Sherlock went about using the toilet, Jane spit out the foam in her mouth and turned to face Sherlock.
“Do you remember watching this when you were young?” Mr Holmes asked his son. Sherlock shook his head without looking away from the sky. “You made wishes whenever you saw a falling star. One wish, really. You only wanted to meet another pirate to have adventures with.”
Sherlock came home to a flat bathed in the soft light of table lamps and candles, the smell of fresh curry, and the furniture rearranged to accommodate the tv on the coffee table.
intelligence, Watson,” Sherlock retorted haughtily, his hackles rising in an instant.
The silence on the other end stretched into long seconds. Sherlock was about to disconnect, thinking it was a mistake or a prank, when somebody finally spoke.
“I thought it would be easier to talk like this. Less typing on your part.”
“John. John, it’s okay. You’re safe.” Sherlock approached him with his arms outstretched. “John, it’s Sherlock, remember?”
John’s word were filled with affection and pure hunger. Sherlock crawled over John on all fours and straddled John’s thighs. John reached up with his injured arm and gently tugged Sherlock down by his hair, kissing him messily. He used right arm to reach down and wrap his hand around Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock shivered at the sensation, and settled down with his forearms framing John’s head before his arms gave out.
“You do realise the Perseid meteor shower happens once a year on exactly the same date,” Sherlock raised his eyebrows at John. “It’s in no way more or less special than last year’s or the next, in fact--”
“John.” Sherlock held John’s hips firmly at an arm’s distance and gave him a little shake. John grumbled in his sleep and tried to pull Sherlock back into his arms.
Sherlock gave himself a mental shake and tried to refocus on the egg laying habits of blowflies.
“Petty theft and politics,” Sherlock replied around his mug of coffee. He turned his focus back to the book on forensic entomology.
Sherlock had been awake for two hours by the time John made it downstairs. John entered the kitchen yawning, absentmindedly rubbing his belly with one hand. He took the fresh coffee Sherlock gently nudged towards him on the kitchen table—coffee which Sherlock had made as soon as he heard John was up—with a grateful grunt.
Sherlock proceeded through security without any problems, and any other day he would wonder what kind of access level his brother got him and how, but he had no time to dawdle. He blended into the crowds of scientists milling inside the building, and once he was sure he was safe he headed straight for the lifts. He went down into the lowest level of Baskerville, the ride down uncomfortably reminiscent of descending into hell.
“Come back to bed when you’re finished,” she said, before leaving the bathroom.
Darcy pulled back and looked at Sherlock. “Were you scared too?”
“How did they meet?” Darcy asked John, once they straightened out the bedding and settled back down.
Jane scooted closer to Sherlock, and kissed a path up her arm to her shoulder, then down her back. She kissed her way back to Sherlock’s face, finishing with a chaste kiss on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
The lowest level was completely deserted and quiet. Whether it was by design or by chance, Sherlock paid it no mind. The walls and the floor were eerily white, the only illumination coming from thin panels embedded in the walls and from an open door at the end of the corridor. Sherlock ran towards the light. He knew he didn’t have much time, his presence would be noticed sooner or later.
Sherlock felt as if he’d been dunked in ice cold water. There it was. John finally saying what he’d been dreading the most.
“You okay?” John asked and used his free hand to brush away the curls from Sherlock’s forehead.
The kiss lingered, their lips moving slowly and softly against each other. It deepened but remained unhurried, tender and affectionate. John tightened his arms around Sherlock’s waist, and Sherlock moved his hands up to cradle John’s head and run his fingers through John’s hair.
“Hmpf,” Sherlock huffed. Lestrade heard toast being eaten and dared to open one eye slightly. John was standing right next to Sherlock, his hip brushing Sherlock’s shoulder. He was sipping his coffee with a faraway smile on his face, looking somewhere through the window. His other hand was in Sherlock’s hair, running his fingers through the detective’s curls. Sherlock leaned into the touch and continued to chew on his toast thoughtfully.
“On the other side of the forest there lived a knight. The knight had recently come back from war, he had fought very bravely and was hurt badly in a battle. He couldn’t fight anymore and had to come back home. The knight was courageous, loyal, smart and strong—a true hero. But he didn’t think so himself, and after so many years at war he didn’t know how to live in a peaceful country. He was very alone and very sad too.”
“I picked John because I don’t need a name to make myself unique,
“I wasn’t finished!” John yelled. Sherlock closed his mouth with a click. “Why bother telling me I will be fucking dead in two days if you could have some fun, hmm? Take the old cripple out for a spin, have a laugh, and then once he’s gone, just keep going on with your life.
Sherlock nuzzled the soft material, holding it up with both hands so that it covered the lower half of his face. He moved his nose along the collar, following the scent to where it was the strongest under the armpit.
“Thanks,” Lestrade smiled up at him. “And thanks for the great evening.”
The software finally booted up, taking its time after decades of being unused, and the screen turned a glowing dark blue. A logo with a giant letter W and the army insignia in the middle appeared and then faded into the background. A line of white, small icons with no discernible function became visible along the top, and beneath it a dialogue box with a blinking cursor. The background stayed a soft dark blue, although it seemed to shift and flow along the edges of the screen.
“On the floor.” John growled, dangerously. A shudder ran over Sherlock’s back only to pool heavily in his groin.
John's steps seemed unusually loud on the dirty wooden floor. He felt oddly elated. He knew he probably shouldn't but Sherlock had taught him long ago that he didn't have to feel guilty for his strong taste for danger. He still wasn't able to see further than a meter or two and tried to be as quiet as possible. The rain covered most of the sounds what made it all the harder to be sure that there was nobody or nothing hiding in the darkness around him.
John turned around, his arms full of convenience food and an apple in his mouth. Throwing an angry look at Sherlock, he carefully made his way to the couch where he sat down and began to eat the apple after placing all the food in close proximity around himself.  If he hadn’t been so preoccupied with eating he probably would have laughed at the offended look Sherlock gave him because of his choice of place. After a rather ridiculous attempt at turning inside his chair to face John, Sherlock got up and sat down beside his flat mate.
