Castiel tells Dean every thought he had in his head every minute that he was in Heaven, the last two days, every thought that he bore silently, stoically, even as Gabriel and Balthazar cajoled him and pleaded with him to talk.
Castiel relaxes.
His eyes are liquid and hopeful, where they meet Castiel’s.  “How you gonna mark me?”
*****
“Love.  L-O-V-E.  Love.  Four fingers.  Four letters.  That's what I want.”
“Why is it you?” Dean asks, when he wakes.
will be his body.
He dreams that his lips are chapped, and Castiel kisses them.
Again.  Just one finger, just tracing the inside of Dean’s covered arm, so lightly, so slowly.  His eyes on Dean's, steady and hard.  And Dean
Dean huffs a laugh into Castiel’s chest.  “I dunno, for variety?”
the smirk on his face.  “I want one of the halos.”
“Close.  Your.  Eyes.”
have to do with werewolves; the weapons are of silver, the books are of wolf-lore, and the arcana can bind elements of the beast.  They are less relevant to demons, but still too dangerous for Sam to have in the Pit.  Castiel has seen what he did with only berry juice, he is not paranoid to fear what Sam could do with a weapon of silver and command of beast magic.
“Dean’s…” Sam repeats, blearily, looking around.  His eyes take in the sight of the throne room; its black marble floor, the the demonic runes oozing a putrid, sulfurous light, the ceiling that arches up and up into mist.  And the demons, waiting for Dean’s command.  He stills and looks at Cas with a furrowed brow.  “Demons.”
Dean pauses.  He turns his head and tries to look down at Castiel, though it is hard to do without crossing his eyes with Castiel right up against his neck.
He is in a hunter’s cabin.  An especially paranoid one, it seems.  Signs and symbols are painted high on every wall, but not neon spray paint jobs like what Dean and Sam do when they are squatting.  These are embossed in gold and silver, crimson red. They are permanent.
Dean keeps talking, not really hearing Cas’ interjection, lost in the memory, staring off at the wall.  “So I started to keep it with me, all the time.  I would take it out of the trunk of the Impala and into my hotel rooms at night, so I wouldn’t forget.”  A sob breaks up the even, gruff, monotone Dean is telling this story with.  “I didn’t forget you, Cas.  Not even for a second.”
“Don’t.”  Castiel worms closer, too.  What they have shared… it feels like a betrayal, now, to be apart.  One inch, it feels too far.  He takes a pinch of the skin on Dean’s neck in his teeth, and holds it there.  “Don’t, ever.”
“Course not, Cas.  Never.”  And he means it, he wants this to last, last as long as it can, last forever.  He keeps to a slow, sweet, rhythm, even though every pulse of blood in his veins is screaming at him to go crazy with need, to rupture and flay and claim and own Cas, every inch of him, every part of Castiel’s pale skin that is offered up and bared to him, guileless and unmarked and pure.  He holds on, holds out, though Cas is hot like the barrel of a fired gun beneath him and around him and he has to gasp out a cry with every thrust forward.  “Cas,” his voice is so high, it’s almost a scream, “You’re on fire, baby.”
He wiped their spit away, though it burned, and pretended he didn't speak their language.
Dean returns now to set them right.  He promised Cas, that he would.  He told Sam, that he would, and that he would do it alone.  Penance.
Dean shakes a small laugh, at the name of his new demon.  “And how does… Gary serve me?”
Castiel thinks about this.  Sam’s not wrong, he could wear two Names if they don’t try to force him in two different directions.  It would take a lot of trust, on his part.  Trust that they wouldn’t make his mind a battleground.  Trust that Sam would in fact relinquish his claim-- that he would not try to make his Name permanent on Castiel's skin by magic or other artifice.  He nods.  “Ok.”  He says.
Cas squints his eyes at (human) Dean, as of course, to him, matters of faith and punishment, heroism and reward, are far more important than the name of a unicorn.  But he shrugs and answers anyway.
“No.”  Castiel interrupts him with a command, absolute.  Lightning strikes and hits a tree, it cracks and groans as it crashes to the ground.  Castiel withdraws his tongue.  He withdraws his head from between Dean’s legs.  He withdraws the touch of his body, except for where he holds Dean down.  “No.  Not yet.”  He’s not done with Dean.  There is so much more, that he has imagined.  The wind is barely more than a breeze, but he lets it pass over Dean, cooling down his skin, banking the fire there.  “Not yet.”
More than he had time to imagine before Dean’s feet landed on hot rock and Dean’s wings clutched against him more tightly, protective, and he felt the rumble in Dean’s chest as he heard him say “ ‘The Fuck?”
pulses from his chest.
.  The stars, they are not only in this one moment in time:  Dean sees them also in the moment just before this one, and the moment just after.  He sees himself this way too, floating, repeating forever as if he were standing between two funhouse mirrors.
, be my comfort.
Nor does Sam hear Castiel, even more silent, emerging from the stacks and closing on Oraxes.   “What do you think you’re doing, scum,” Castiel growls as he catches the demon in a chokehold from behind the moment Oraxes draws his blade.
And Castiel meant it, he meant this promise, he swore it still an angel, he swore it with an angel's grace.  And maybe he even swore it
--The Beatles, Blackbird
Gabriel picks a glass up off the table nearest to where he paces and throws it at the wall, where it shatters.  Balthazar jumps at the sound, but Castiel is too far gone to even react.
The bartender stands mute at the bar, polishing the same glass over and over with a soft cloth.
“There is something I want,” Castiel says, when he breaks away, breathless, hands trembling on Dean's back, and looks up, to find Dean's gaze.  There is something.  Something he has thought of with longing, many times.  Something he thinks can help, now, when they cannot let go of each other.
“Fucktoy,” she replied, her sharpened teeth glinting.  “This one--”
It’s in his heart and his heart is turning to gold.  It’s warm and it’s leaking into his veins and it’s so bright.
Now Cas pauses.  Thinking about how to explain.  “One of the Egyptian… deities gave it to me.  After the plague of locusts.”
Where else could that tongue, that hot, soft, tongue, touch, and what would it feel like there?
He reaches out to release Castiel’s right wrist, and Castiel’s eyes open with a snap.  “No,” he says. His voice is hoarse from screaming, but it is steady and certain. He does not want to be unchained.
Castiel takes a deep breath. “Ok,” he says.  “Ok.” And he pauses to think.
Never but in his dreams of Castiel.  Blue eyed angel.  He knew.  He knew it would be like this.
“Can you talk to me?”  Dean asks, free hand combing through Castiel’s wild hair, smoothing it down.  Castiel nods, but keeps drinking the juice from Dean’s finger. He is so thirsty.  Dean fucked him dry.
“Just for you.”  Dean finds Castiel's hands, where they rest on his arms, and laces their fingers together.  “Do they tell you, ‘Forever’?”
First he dreams of sinking down into salty depths, light sparkling through from high above and the weight of the water holding and comforting his body everywhere, not too hot, not too cold, just right.  It’s so quiet, and calm, and safe.  Nothing can get him here.  Here it’s just easy, and safe, forever.
“Is there anything you didn’t tell me?”  Castiel asks, his hand still on Dean’s shoulder, pressing deeper, making a mark that will not disappear in the morning.
They do send Baal to watch for Sam, and he is stupid, so Sam does see him when he leaves the bunker on his way to Nebraska, and Sam does kill him, but it's worth it because when Baal calls out to Dean, for help, that's when they know that Sam is outside of the bunker's wards and Dean is able to summon him to the place that Castiel has prepared for him in the Pit. Castiel meets him there.
Crowley actually looks a little bit nervous, at this.  He tries to hide it, too late, by leaning back and straightening his tie.  “I suppose we could make a deal.”
Castiel stiffened, beside him, the bare skin on his torso shining with sweat.  He stiffened, and exhaled a high, voiceless, cry.
Castiel's eyes tear up.  “Dean.  Never.  Always.  My heart.” And then he can't bear it any more, he can't bear looking into Dean's eyes and seeing the love, and the fear, and the need, and feeling it rushing through him at the same time, wild and strong and unstoppable as the rapids beneath them.  So he closes his eyes and he takes Dean's jaw in both hands and he kisses him, desperate and hard and slow.
Dean pulled off Cas’ fingers and opened his mouth to ask “Cas, what's wrong, are you OK?” rule of the dream be damned, but before the first sound came out, Castiel was gone.
So he only hid it once, that once.  A brand would be worse.  So much worse, than only an
, before my brother gets to you.”
“You can rest here, if you would like,” Castiel says.  “It is permitted.”
Castiel doesn't care about the provenance of his vodka.  He doesn't care that the bartender doesn't talk to him.  He doesn’t care that, for some reason, Gabriel is now wearing a leopard print bandana.  He doesn't care about anything but the memory of Dean's mouth, hot on his fingers, and his sadness --certainty -- that he will never feel it there again.
“Say she does know, what makes you think she’ll tell
Castiel couldn't breathe, when he saw him.  Had Dean always been this beautiful?  Had Castiel's heart always beat so hard, when he saw him.
.  He sees himself walking, black eyed, through a forest.  It is burning.  His armor is tattered.  His face is darkened with dried blood, his expression cruel, vacant.  He carries the First Blade.  There are no screams, it is silent.  There is no one left to scream.  He is walking, and at the end of his walk he will kneel before Castiel and offer him the world while it burns.  He wants to do this.  He
real.  That Castiel's eyes
He is lying on a couch.  Plaid also, brown and green.  It is all unsprung and flattened, held together where the seams have split with duct tape, and the blanket pulled up to his chin is woolen and itchy and smells like sawdust, but it is the most comfortable he has been in 40 years.
And then there is a blade in his hand, tooth-shaped, and he jabs it straight through the demon’s neck in one hard movement.
Castiel fills his lungs with a deep breath.  He will be brave, too.  “We could break the bond.”
That much is true, Castiel doesn't know of anyone, ever, who has had one before.  And Crowley is a collector, a dealer, maybe he wants to have one just because no one else does, so if someone calls to Hell, to make a deal for one, he will be the only one who can provide it.
It hurt his body to roll out of bed, but he did.  He rolled out of bed and he drank some water and he packed his lunch and he went to work.  He let the hard labor of the construction site distract his body.  He hid away, in the corner of his mind, so that he didn't feel the burn of muscles, he didn't feel the sun on his bare neck, he didn’t feel anything at all.  He pounded nails.  He leveled boards.  He moved his body, and didn't listen to his sore heart.
He can barely talk, just this word, this name, only, while he burns.  This angel came for him.  This fierce purity, this wrath, this star of obliteration, these blue eyes.  For him, and only him.  All the others are ash.  Tears are falling from his eyes.  They are stars, too.
But:  “We won't be able to unmake him like that,” Castiel stops him, stepping forward and catching Dean’s wrist in a steady hand before Dean can let go.  His voice is humorless, serious. This is serious work. The most serious. Unmaking.
Castiel doesn't know ‘why’, so he shakes his head, sadly.  He will find out though.  However many times he has to peel the leader's skin away and heal it back and peel it away again, however black he has to roast him, he will find out.  “I will find the reason, Dean.  You will have an answer.  Nothing will be hidden from me.” Cas’ heart hardens, to this task.  He can't be soft, and sweet, for this.  He has to be hard.  Hard and sharp as the diamond edge of his knife.  Hard so Dean doesn't have to be.  Gladly.  Dean is so bright.  He should be protected.  Castiel will protect him, from this.  “I have already begun.” His voice is grim.  “I left him sealed inside a golden sphere, suspended in a plane of fire.  He was scream-”
Dean groans when he hears his promise echoed on Castiel’s lips, in Castiel’s rough whisper.  It takes hold of him, and he surrenders; he does not fight it, he does not want to.  He wonders if this is what Castiel felt, when his blood dripped in the fire.  If he felt like a phantom hand gripped him and pulled him inexorably, impossibly, towards Dean.  He wonders if maybe Castiel always felt that way. His hips roll forward against Castiel, and it feels so good, like he is dirty and bloody and laying down finally to rest.
He could set Dean's feet down on the floor, and hold him steady, and check him for hurts, and wounds, like he planned to before Dean arrived in the cache with the cult leader slung over his shoulder.  He would turn him slowly, so slowly, with one finger, and check him so carefully.
Castiel forces himself to breathe, and to push open the door.  It does smell like Dean inside.  Woodsmoke and leather.  And, just, stale alcohol and blood.  Castiel sniffs, a twitch of his nose.  Dean doesn't smell like alcohol anymore.  Blood when he has been on the racks, maybe, but not when he is in their room, safe and warm under Cas’ perfect fingers.  He heals too fast now, to bleed.
.  Dean hardens.
And why, Dean wonders now, why did Cas walk him all the way out here?  Really, for five blackberries? And why did Dean comply? He should have known that no one would do this for him, so he could eat though afraid of poison.  He should have
Castiel leans his head back further against the tub, and looks up, towards Heaven.
“Dean,” Castiel croaks out, voice rough from the alcohol and the silence; throat tight with pain, and sadness. His walls are gone.  His rule is gone.  Everything is gone.  Everything but this ache in his chest.  The ache that does not rest, but begs him to to go to Dean, to be near hm.  To touch him again.  The ache that is impossible.
Hope you all can enjoy it, over the winter holidays. <3
“Dean--”
going on outside of the devil's trap for it to be otherwise
“Ok, Dean.  I understand.  I won’t.  I won’t.  I won’t.  It’s OK, I’m OK.  I’m here.  I love you.”
“Cas, what..”
“So I’m not going to give him my real Name.  Only the name that belongs to him.  Only ‘Cas.’  Just enough so that he can feel me.  Not enough for me to control him.  Not enough to challenge the Mark.”
The smile on Scylla’s face grew.  Basilisk ignored the scratch.  He finished his leap.  His three rows of teeth sank into the angel’s shoulder and the full weight of his stone body slammed into the angel’s chest and forced him backwards, into the throne.  He grunted, in surprise, in pain.  The Master called out his name, “Cas,” in the same moment, surprised too, terrified.
, he would say, almost a sob, between kisses.  Like he had never said it before.  And he wouldn't have ever said it before, not like this.  He wouldn’t have to say anything else.  Castiel wouldn’t ask him to.  He had heard his prayers.  Castiel wouldn't ask for anything more.  He would only let the moment run on forever, just like that, in his imagination.  Lips on lips.  A hand brushing the base of his wings, in the dark.  Perfect.
Dean dropped Raphael onto the top of the pile, with a heavy clunk.
and fly fast and dare Castiel to cut his skin on their sharp sides.  Mirror shine shapes reflecting images of all the ways Castiel could touch Dean, all the sensations he could feel, all the noises he could coax Dean to make.  Shapes that slice and twist, every one flying by and gone in a second, too fast to count, too fast to categorize, making his mouth water, until the chorus inside him sounds like a shriek, instead of a song.
Castiel is still licking tenderly, soft, but Dean is trying to fuck himself back onto Castiel’s tongue now, tight as Castiel is holding him.  Castiel holds him tighter, until he can’t move, and continues to lick over him, only teasing the tip of his tongue into him.  And when Dean struggles against him, and can’t move, that is when he breathes out a helpless cry:  “Please.  Please, Angel.  More.”
Just like all the others.  No fight. Not a God.  Not even a shadow on the angel’s light.  Just another pile of ash.
“You serve him by answering my questions,” he repeats for the third time.  “He has seen fit to send me to question you.  Serve him.  Tell me.  What ritual did you hope to complete with your death?”
“Dean,” Castiel replies, and his voice is so deep.  It is still just the way Dean remembers it.  He did not forget.  He has not forgotten.  He did not exaggerate it, in his longing, in his sorrow.  Castiel’s voice is still gravel and Dean can still feel in his chest.  In his sore heart.
This is why:  He was not numb from the start.  He began with fighting, not durance.  He was the hero, then, already, always, already
His fingers
“No, Dean, no.  It feels…. I wish you could feel it.  It feels like…” he brushes the fingers of his free hand through Dean’s wing and Dean shivers.  “It feels like we’re finally
Castiel had gone to Thrull knowing he was going to die.  He had known that and he had gone anyway.  Brave angel.  So beautiful…  And Castiel had said it was for ‘humanity’, he had said it was for ‘free will’, he had said that this was how he thought he should best carry the flag of Heaven, and do the work of the Father.  But Dean knew that was all crap.  He knew it.  He didn't want to know it, but he did.  Castiel had done it, all of it, for him.  Castiel had told him that, too, in as many words. Castiel had done it for him.  Castiel had given up
The moon cast pale sheets and ceiling alike in a lilac tone as it moved across the night sky.  Dean lay awake, arm under his head, shadows cast in hard, straight lines on his face from the panes on the bedroom window glass.  Shadows that shifted as the moon rose and began to set, and Dean lay awake, still.  He wanted to sleep, but he could not, there were too many thoughts inside his head and his heart was too sore.
Dean is standing in the middle of a 12 foot wide devil’s trap, drawn in wavy lines of black spray paint, on concrete.  It does not hold him, but the cultists do not know that.  It will be fun to surprise them.  He grins a grin that lets sharp teeth show, and lets his eyes go black.  The cultists are huddled together, a mass of red robes, crimson, like blood, across the room (garage, it's a garage) and one of them yelps and ducks his head back down into the huddle when he sees Dean’s eyes change.
He gasps breath after breath, hand clutched over his heart, and just tries to hold very, very still.  Until his heart slows down.  Until he can fold his wings back and away.  Until he can open his eyes and focus on each of his fingers one by one, and stop it from glowing.  Until his eyes are still like stars, but little stars that are far away, that only twinkle, instead of burn, and the overwhelmed tears breaking over his eyelids and washing over his cheeks have stopped their steady flow.  Then he holds still some more, completely still, for a count of one hundred.  Trying to just control himself enough that, when he straightens back up, he doesn’t destroy every artifact in the armory with a sweep of his wings or melt all the precious metals with the heat of his gaze.
He speaks slowly, words dampened and softened into molasses by the fog.  “I want to know. Gotta see what you are. That's what matters, right now.”
Castiel's legs wrapped around him.  “Yes. Dean. More. Harder.
He looks up at the sky again, face contorted into an anguished twist.  Chuck can come back, Chuck is God, he can do anything.  Even if Castiel is dead, even if those really are his wings, his beautiful wings, God, Dean never got to touch them, not even once, but Chuck can come back, he can fix it, he can do anything.  Even Death, or Amara; they could come back, they could fix it.  He could call them, he knows how.  He could take on the Mark again, he could make taquitos again, he could...
“The angels…”  How to explain this.  “They would not treat you like Alistair, no, but they would… Hurt you in a different way.”
The stars all jar, when he realizes this, for one second like the blackness is glass and it has shattered.  Dean heaves again, and the force starts to rotate him, head over feet, as the stars right themselves from their breaking.
Cas opened his eyes, then. They were burning, but he wanted to look, he needed to know...
know. He has no idea what Dean means.
“He did.”
“Yes, but… angels  don’t feel…
They said that the closer the mark was to your heart, the greater your love story would be, and the more intricate and detailed it was, the more passionate the love would be.
“No, Sam, thanks. It’s alright. I’ll take it from here.”
“I don’t know how to dance,” Castiel confessed.
The best man was still watching him, and Castiel knew he had seen it all – how flustered he was by the man’s mere presence. The other man was surely used to it (people with his physique usually were) and there was no way he hadn’t picked up on how nervous Cas was being pinned by his attention. Perhaps he was enjoying making Castiel flush and start; most people would.
And now his job here was done, and, well, he just had to go home. He would talk to Dean the next day. Or, no, the next day was a Monday, Dean was busy on Mondays, he would wait until the next weekend – but Cas had two weddings to work at, perhaps that would have to wait until later still, until—
Their second kiss is soft, too, but it is more a kiss than the previous one. They press their lips together, and slot their bodies together as well. Cas’s arms find their way around Dean’s shoulders, and Dean keeps Cas’s face between his hands, caressing his cheeks.
It takes some time, but Dean finds it.
“Careful, buddy,” Dean laughed. And then he was helping Castiel, his fingers brushing on the sensitive skin of Cas’ neck... and he couldn’t have missed the way Castiel shuddered under his touch...
“Give him back to me,” Dean asks, trying to sound commanding instead of begging. “He won’t annoy you ever again. Every time you had him, something happened. Give him to me, and never take him again. Then maybe you’ll be able to rest.”
“What are you trying to say?” Castiel’s heart had stopped beating when Dean had mentioned that it
“You’re – you’re a cow-boy.” That must have been one of Castiel’s lamest lines. In his defense, Dean looked particularly attractive in this outfit of his. The hat – the leather jacket – the pants – even the boots, and the star-shaped belt buckle...
Charlie shook her head in disbelief. “Of course. That’s who Cas is. He rebels against Heaven and renounces his family and his army just for you, and, that’s, what?
kiss was special because it was their first kiss as husbands - after so much time spent at other people’s weddings. Even with his eyes closed, he could see the flash of the photographer’s camera as it immortalised their love.
“This is not a problem,” Cas added. “I know my feelings aren’t returned and I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable with my... affections. Everything should remain the same, nothing has to change between us—”
Of course, Sam will think, “About damn time,” and Jack will wonder how Cas managed to have what would make him the happiest being on Earth without the Empty coming in and stealing him. But they’ll say nothing of that, and they’ll just ask, “What happened?”
He watches as Dean swallows laboriously. Castiel often sees Dean do that, but he has no idea what this means. He has always supposed that it is what Dean does when he wants to bury certain words deep inside himself so that they never get out in the open.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m a – er – a big boy, as you say. I can handle myself alone.”
“My happiness does not depend on you,” Cas says abruptly.
He turned his back to Castiel again; he was standing a bit hunched, as if he was ashamed. As he removed his leather sleeveless jacket and his shirt to reveal his muscled, toned back, Castiel wanted to reach out, touch the skin, massage the strong shoulders, and tell him it was alright, that he had difficulty with words too, and that he knew what a challenge opening up was for people like them, with parents like theirs; and perhaps, just perhaps, if he was daring enough, he could kiss Dean.
, indeed.
There was nothing but naked skin under Dean’s own, and that was Heaven -- Heaven. The only thing that could make it better--
The only trouble was that it wasn’t what Dean wanted.
“Would you like to--”
“It’s all true, Dean. This – All of these things are my doing, one way or another.”
Dean unhurriedly pushed him down the bed, smiling to him. His gaze was strange, as if Dean were seeing him for the first time, or as if he were seeing him for who he really was. It was unsettling.
They looked at Castiel expectantly.
“Dean –”
Then, there was but agonising pain as the Empty swallowed him whole and ripped him apart. “NO!” he heard screaming, and Dean was pulling him away forcefully, and he felt himself fall–
“How is the ‘TV marathon’ with Charlie going?” Castiel asked. Dean smiled at the implied quotation marks.
The canopy in particular was one of the most beautiful Castiel had ever seen. He always thought there was poetry in how fragile the whole structure tended to be, yet how solidly it was anchored into the ground – like a promise that even if the winds blew hard and things got tough, love would still stand proud.  Jo and Anna’s canopy, though, was especially stunning. The four poles looked like miniature trees dripping with white and pink flowers, and the wind carried their sweet scent – even Castiel could smell them from where he stood. The white silk cloth over Anna’s and Jo’s heads was even personalised, from what Castiel had seen: embroidered inscriptions and a few designs, although he would have to step closer or zoom in on the photos he had taken to see what exactly they represented. For now, he was too busy capturing every moment of the ceremony.
This time Castiel drowned. He drowned in the smell of Dean, all musk and leather and something else he’d have time to identify later; he drowned in Dean’s warmth, in the taste of his lips against his own and in the safety of Dean’s arms wrapped around him.
“I saw your soulmark.”
But perhaps she didn’t lie? She likes deals, after all. And she seems stricter about them than a crossroads demon. Perhaps she’s having fun, but there’s a way to get Cas back. After all, she’s not here, taunting him, telling him “ha! I played you”...  so maybe there’s hope?
“We’ll learn together,” Cas said, caressing Dean’s cheek with his free hand. Did all Dean’s doubts show on his face? Or did Cas feel the same nagging uncertainty? How could Cas act so confident if he felt the same way?
Castiel immediately feels ashamed. How could he think that Dean would not come for him? That Dean would not miss him? That Dean did not love him? Not romantically, not the way Castiel has dreamt of for as long as he can remember, but Dean loves him nonetheless – they are family. How could he believe, for even one instant, that Dean would not care, that Dean would accept his death?
“That’s great!” Jack said.
, young girl!”
His hand bleeds, red and shiny, just like Cas’s blood – shed for him, shed for love, the last proof that Cas was alive a few moments ago.
, or even a sign that one should consider a serious relationship. “As it turns out, I was the one with my head up my, uh, butt.”
,” and
for Dean’s mouth, were a turn-on. If Dean wasn’t spent he knew he’d be rock hard and ready to go again.
Castiel wakes up to Dean’s voice.
“It is.”
“Good,” Sam nodded. “Because it’s time.”
Cas said it the same way, too.
“Oh, so you’re siding with Rowena now?”
Dean didn’t want to look up, but he
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said softly. He didn’t know what else to say. Sometimes, it was just so easy to forget that Dean was there for him indeed.
They fit into each other like two pieces of a puzzle, Dean thought vaguely as he was drifting away. They didn’t even have to try and find a nice position, they were already perfect the way they were.
Everyone had helped him during those months of texting – giving him some self-confidence, showing him how to text and what emojis meant, deciphering some of Dean’s more obscure use of emojis. The words in the texts were Castiel’s, always – but he couldn’t have done it without them all.
Cas’s lips curved into a small smile. “She is unusually perceptive.”
“I don’t know, there was something different...” Rowena said in a sing-song voice.
If this is a trap, Chuck definitely knows how to manipulate him, he thinks ruefully as he starts walking.
He remembers all the times when Cas smiled and he wanted to lean in and discover what his smile tastes like. All the times when he could just have burrowed his head on the crook of Cas’s neck, when they were watching movies. All the words he could have said, all the time, almost always bursting out of his chest at every moment, at every thing Cas did. How easy it would have been to tell him, or to kiss him, or to ask him on a date, or to embrace him. He recalls all the times he almost did – all the times he opened his mouth, or leant in, or rehearsed a speech in his head, or thought about it, or promised himself he
,” Dean said, and he stormed out of the room.
Dean stood up, letting him sit on the bed. “I can go and eat in the kitchen, Dean,” Cas said, but Dean shook his head vigorously. “You’ve just been pulled out from Super Hell. That’s an occasion for breakfast in bed. Here you go,” he smiled, putting the tray on Cas’s knees. “I guess burgers aren’t healthy food, but, hey – we gotta celebrate, huh? And burgers make you very, very happy, I remember you said?” He winked at Cas.
After all, it would be the first time Castiel would see Dean in six months. It’s not that they didn’t want to see each other – or so Castiel hoped; he really hoped that Dean hadn’t lied when he had said he’d love to go have a drink with him or to spend time together. But they somehow never had the time. Between the birth of Dean’s niece (of whom Castiel had received pictures; she already had her father’s luxuriant hair), their respective jobs, Rowena’s ongoing reconciliation with her son Crowley (or Fergus? Castiel didn’t know anymore) that mobilised their entire family’s support... they never found the time.
-themed, the officiant had been dressed as a Stormtrooper, and if Castiel was right, the vows that were said during the ceremony were similar to wedding vows in
“What would I do without you?” Castiel wondered aloud.
Dean looked at him for the first time that night. “For... hitting on you?”
“I’ve already been sleeping, Dean,” Cas replied.
Dean put water on every one of his injuries. After some time, he looked up to Cas – as if he had finally gathered the courage to meet his gaze – and smiled. “This water –” he shook the bottle he was pouring the water from, “it was blessed by Jack. That should heal any injury, even from a cosmic asshole like the Empty. You’ll be good as new soon, Cas.”
true love. Sam and Eileen, too. Sam’s soulmate – Jess – she died when they were teens, and he thought he’d never find love again, but here it is.” He shook his head. “They say there’s no love like a soulmate’s love, but I don’t see a difference between Sam and Eileen and Garth and Bess. My dad loved my mom and her death destroyed him, but he still got a girl on the side and got a kid with her, you know?”
“So, nothing important,” Claire decided.
Cas came back to consciousness after what felt like a second and centuries, simultaneously. His body felt heavy and sluggish, and it took him an eternity (at the very least) to open his eyes. They immediately landed on Dean, who – as he discovered – was sitting on a chair just next to the bed.
in his voice.
Impossible. No. It couldn’t be-- it was Dean’s fancy, nothing more.
“He was
“I remember,” Castiel said.
“See? You spend years trying to get their head out of their asses and I solve the problem in what, twenty minutes? Say I’m the best.”
. I’m proud of you, actually. That’s a really good job.”
“You know,” Dean said after a beat, “it’s really cool that you do all kindsa weddings. Christian, Pagan, all that—”
Maybe he could focus on that, focus on Cas and on his love for Cas only, and let it guide him. Saying it could help too, perhaps. “Cas. Me too.”
Was Dean implying that he was with someone who wasn’t his soulmate either? (Was he even single? Cas had no idea.) Or... was he implying that he was interested in men?
But he just had to go and be contrary in this as well, didn’t he? It was
me, you see? I want someone who’ll choose me after seeing the good and the bad, not someone who will want me only because destiny said it was to be. I don’t want someone expecting this perfect boyfriend and being disappointed when they see what a mess I am. I want someone who is
He licked at Cas’s head, playing with Cas’s balls all the while. Then he dropped a kiss, and thought maybe he could…
“Why do you believe he’s not in love with you?”
“You’re insufferable,” Dean huffed.
“How did you learn to sign?” Dean asked, apparently delighted to have something to talk about.
And yet... Well, Castiel has never been good at doing what he is supposed to do.
Castiel can feel, though. He feels Dean’s hand, soft and hesitant, on his shoulder. Then on his arm. Then Dean catches his hand, and squeezes it, soft and hard at the same time, like he has finally found what he has been looking for and cannot let go, but is unsure of his luck at the same time.
“Okay. Okay,” Dean muttered. His brow was creased, as if he didn’t like the idea.
Cas’s own heart swelled with pride at this thought. They had raised him well. His little Jack, who had learnt from his mistakes, who would lead humanity to a golden age... That was one faith that Cas hadn’t misplaced. “The divine is in everything,” he sighed. “And love is in everything, too. Love is the answer. This – this is what it was always supposed to be.”
“Want one?” He waved his hand in front of Cas temptingly.
Dean blinked, and roared with laughter. His cock was hard, and he was so close to cumming, and he wanted more, more, more, and his shoes were in the fucking way. Damn.
“You’re not,” Cas said. “You’re perfect.”
Dean looked up to Cas’s face above him, as Cas propped himself up a little. Now that he was certain that they had both come back in one piece, everything hit him with the strength of a truck going full speed. How Cas had fallen on him, how their legs were tangled, how close Cas was.
And he was gone before Castiel had time to berate him for – well, for being himself.
"Don't Han Solo me," Dean mumbled.
“It is completely fine, Dean, you should go,” Castiel answered. Why was Dean being so polite? Couldn’t he simply... go and forget that he spoke to an awkward wedding photographer too easily impressed by beautiful, gentle best men?
“I said
It’s when he hears a loud crack that Dean realises he’s been punching the wall.
Their first kiss was just like them: beautiful, and desperate.
“Anything I should be worried about?”
They knew about the Adam Milligan/Michael Milton wedding two months before it took place.
He still remembered the burn – it was so cold that he had confused it for warmth and had rejoiced in it, thinking it meant he was finally found, that his mother’s God was real and had listened to his prayers. Instead, what he had gotten was the mark. A heart over his own beating heart, folded in between two angel’s wings that protected it from hurt, and strange markings – he had only learnt years later that they were written in an obscure language and meant “Family, need, love.”
this is Cas? If he brings someone else back, his chance is over, and Cas will stay trapped here; they’ll never be together, Cas will never be happy. He can’t bear that thought.
So Cas made the decision for them both, because he knew that it was hard for Dean, and he felt brave and fearless all of a sudden.
“So, hum. How did you… know?” Cas asked.
Cas’ lips were chapped but soft and pliant under his. For one moment, Cas seemed too stunned to react, but then Dean felt his hands grasp his neck and pull him closer and Cas was kissing him back, sucking on his lower lip like there was no tomorrow. It sent little electric shocks through Dean’s spine.
sleep. At home. And good dreams, not nightmares.”
It cannot be Dean – but then Castiel catches the scent of the person he has just bumped into, leather and the Impala and musk. This
“Um, yeah – okay – Cas, you—”
“Why are you trembling?” He had to ask. “Are you-- we don’t have to do this.”
“Because I love you,” Dean answered. Why bother lying? He was Cas’s already. He had nothing to hide from Cas.
“No other counterpart?”
Dean’s heart stops beating. “What do you mean
“What if he’s the shy kind? You know, the kind that never tells their crush what they feel because they’re terrified of being rejected?” She rose her eyebrows, looking at Dean intently. “For some people silence is safety. You know that, Dean.”
And Cas will raise his head and look Dean in the eye, and Dean’s breath will be taken away, as always, by the sheer fact that the most wonderful being in the universe loves him. He’ll realise, as always, how lucky he is, and that all the work they put in this relationship was
He stopped laughing pretty quickly though, when Dean’s hands started roaming on his chest, exploring the stomach and the pecs and the clavicles.
It should have felt unclean, to think of Dean like that, to imagine that Dean were doing that. But as it were, Cas felt all but unclean. Dean’s touch felt divine and sacred, and Castiel felt pure and cleansed under his touch, as if Dean were washing out the hurt from him as Cas had done to him when he held his soul in his hands, back in Hell.
“God, no. I’m not – very fancy. I thought it’d be a problem.”
If Cas thought Dean’d let him die and live the rest of his life happily, he was sorely mistaken.
And only Cas’s touch would make him feel like that – like a firework is exploding in him. Only Cas can make his skin tingle, his stomach clench and his heart flip in his chest, his breathing short and his blood hot in his veins – and only Cas can make all that feel good, and
“Amazing, love,” Rowena mumbled in her sleep. She couldn’t miss out on juicy news, even asleep.
Cas still wasn’t looking at him. ‘How did I know
“Bal, that’s really not the time,” Meg elbowed him. “What went wrong, angel?”
is much better. He is sad, though, to see that Dean cannot bring himself to say the words, and he wonders why it is so. Is it that Dean cannot accept that he is loved, and that he is worthy of this love? Or is it that Dean wants to ignore the truth that hangs between them, the truth that Cas blurted out once he was sure there would be no consequences?
“Dean,” Jack answered at the same time.
“I meant it in the romantic sense,” Cas let out. “I meant that I am
“That I’m in love with you.” The words came with more confidence this time.
Dean can’t seem able to stop touching Cas. Another hand comes up, caresses Cas’s face, soft as a lover’s, so soft and loving that Cas could cry, because how many times has he dreamt of something similar? His lips, his jaw, his cheek, his nose, his eyes, his hair, everything Dean touches comes back to life. Cas feels alive, electrified, and loved. This is terrifying, and sublime, and too good to be true. He cannot let himself dream; but he lets himself savour it, because how could he not?
That didn’t bode well.
. But it wasn’t quite true – other emotions had been essential, like loyalty, doubt, curiosity, amusement, joy, anger, worry – and Dean would misinterpret it and think it was all his fault. It wasn’t; it was the fault in Castiel’s heart that had started it all.
that Cas
Dean shrugged, and walked right in through the black rift.
“Like what?” Cas asked, sounding interested.
Dean roared with laughter. “You heard about it?”
“I meant
I said about flirting? I know I told you to play hard to get, but not like that, Cassie.”
Things were blurry in Castiel’s mind. Everything was painful, and he felt feeble and groggy.
“Is it?”
Because Cas fucking
They devoured each other as if time was counted. They were hungry, they couldn’t have enough, they wanted more, more,
“Meg?” he answers.
The two brides, their cheeks rosy with happiness, disappeared into the
“Now, Dean and Castiel, please hold hands and face each other.” Cas’ hands were warm and soft in his, as always. “Dean Winchester, do you take Castiel Shurley to be your legally wedded husband?”
him to roll over in his grave, you know? It’s kinda funny that none of his three sons ended up obeying his sacred rules about love.”
And finally, Dean feels like he’s stumbling through something – and he sees light again.
“I think so,” Castiel said, remembering how Dean had flirted with every woman he had crossed paths at the first wedding they had met.
“So many people want to show me so many movies. Why are you here? Are you spying on me?”
“Oh. Uh.” Dean felt very embarrassed and self-conscious this time. It was all so stupid. “I mean-- I didn’t know. I thought you weren’t in love with me, actually. That’s why I was asking, actually. To prove to Charlie-- well, uh. Yeah.”
A very tempting possibility was budding in Dean’s mind: would he be able to make Cas cum only with nipple play?  Now that was something Dean would give anything to try. And, he realised with a smile, he could do that now. They had time. They were together.
“Thank you,” Castiel muttered, embarrassed. “He was being an assbutt, I suppose it was… normal for me to do it.”
“You can have God,” Dean blurts before thinking.
Dean scoffed. “As if I – I mean
“I’m just a little sore. I’m okay, Dean,” Cas said.
“Thank you,” Cas said. He hoped Dean couldn’t see how flustered the compliment and their proximity made him.
He felt himself fall a little in love at that moment, for that man who wanted to defy destiny and who wanted to
“Cas,” Dean said eventually. “When you said—when you said the only thing that would make you happy was something you knew you couldn’t have, you meant...” He paused, as if unable to let the words out.
Garlands made of fairy lights were hung everywhere and brightened up the place. The walls were covered with some sort of  floaty blue and green fabric, covering all the ugly graffiti and making the place seem just a little more magical - Dean wouldn’t even know they were in an old barn if he hadn’t been there before. He could see their family’s personal touches everywhere. Drawings on the walls – the stick figures were Jack’s earnest attempt at art, definitely – and paintings of Cas and him, probably from Balthazar. A Moondoor banner. Wiccan sigils painted on the aisle… He blinked a couple of times, and cleared his throat. He
uncommon, though, was for people – let alone handsome best men – to notice the photographer.
He tries to speak – “Dean” – but there is no sound. Of course there is not; they are in the Empty.
“It is,” Dean said, and he kissed him again, just to prove it was. This kiss was softer, less desperate. “You feel it?” he asked.
Dean dropped to his knees immediately. “Cas,” he whispered, pushing away the dark hair on Cas’ forehead.
Speaking of obscurity –
“Actually, Dean, could you come with me for a few seconds?” she said suddenly.
This Sunday, however... well, he had Dean to talk about. Garth and Bess’ wedding had taken place on Friday, and he hadn’t had the time to tell his family about it on Saturday.
Something was nagging at the back of his mind, though.
“Isn’t it?” Cas said in a husky voice.
Had Dean been so good at hiding it all this time?
Lost to Dean.
It took some time, but sure enough, he heard something. It was weak and barely audible, but he heard it.
“Yes,” Castiel said. He slipped his camera around his neck, and almost strangled himself with the stethoscope that was still hanging there.
Jack nodded, his smile tight. “Alright, then.”
In the end, he looked away, trying to focus on something else before the best man noticed him staring – but his gaze landed almost immediately on Rowena, who gestured at him and the best man enthusiastically. “Seduce him!” she mouthed at him. Castiel prayed no one had seen that. Hopefully, people would be too busy dancing and drinking themselves into oblivion to notice.
she could get him, but, y’know, she’s our ally now.”
“I think she is a warrior queen,” Castiel mused.
“He really seemed disappointed that I didn’t understand his jokes, though.”
He pulled, slightly embarrassed. Cas might love him, but Cas was probably not interested in sex. He was an angel after all. He had had sex with that Reaper back when he was human, but Cas as an angel had never shown
“The Candyman?”
“My little unicorn,” Meg asked, “are you falling in love with him?”
Certain now that his ministrations were
He always looked at Dean like that, as if he saw wonders in Dean’s soul, and it always made Dean’s heart stop. Under his gaze, he could believe that he was worth it, and that he was loved, and that everything would end well.
He was looking at Cas in such a peculiar way... Cas couldn’t decipher the emotions in Dean’s eyes. It wasn’t something he had seen before – as if Dean was looking at him anew, as if he saw something different there.
“That’s not what happened.”
Whatever Dean wanted to say was lost when he felt Cas’s hard cock against his. “Cas,” he moaned helplessly. He wanted to move, he didn’t dare to.
Cas’s only answer was to laugh.
How could Dean touch him like
“Well. All my injuries have healed, I am satiated, clean, and I am home, so I think we could say I am in fact alright, Dean.”
So, was he nervous? “Nah,” he said, eventually. “I’m right where I want to be.”
The hand lingers there for a moment. Then it is gone, and Dean feels cold – but there it is again, touching his left shoulder.
The Empty smiles like a cat that has just played the mice and eaten them. “Well, my dear little Dean Winchester, I love sleeping, and making fair deals, but I
“Cas,” he moaned. “
“I also know that you’re a pastry chef, that you made a
“It’s not a conspiracy, it’s the truth,” she said in a sing-sang voice. “Unless, of course, you’re afraid of the truth.”
“It was cold and I didn’t know how to ice-skate.”
“That’s a pretty love story.”
“Sorry,” Castiel said to Dean.
, and Dean knows they’d be good for each other – they’d repair each other, they’d be happy, he just knows it.
Or, well, as sure as he can be.
“I think it’s more,” Cas will add, “but I’ve stopped counting.”
“Good thing we’ll never find out,” she said, and then she fell asleep.
“More,” Cas nodded.
Castiel couldn’t help it: he laughed, long and resounding, because that must have been at least part of why Dean was so angry against fate that one time at the church. He had actually been trying to tell Castiel that he didn’t care if they weren’t soulmates, because he was choosing to try and have something with him... Because destiny had taken a look at them that second time they met, and it had nodded and said, ‘yes, they’re perfect for one another, it’ll never get better than that.’ Or maybe because their souls had met and had sung together, and they had chosen each other in that moment, and they had written their destiny themselves.
“It’s not a problem. There is beauty in immortalising the ephemeral, Dean. Capturing a unique moment of pure love... that is an art in itself,” Castiel mused. “I like doing it. And I like that people will open up their photo albums a few years later and relive their most beautiful moments.”
Cas smiled. Dean smiled too. He felt giddy and frightened at the same time.
They were in a barn.
He had spent years struggling between thinking that destiny was something you couldn’t change and wanting to fight it; between thinking destiny had good plans for him, and thinking that it revelled in making people miserable. Years spent thinking that the mark on his skin was a cosmic mistake, or a cosmic joke, or that it was hope that something big and beautiful awaited him.
.” He did his best to sneer as if all this conversation was ridiculous (and it was. Yes. Of course it was! Why were they even speaking about it, that was stupid, so stupid…). “The truth is that Cas isn’t in love with me.”
“No, of course not – you couldn’t stay in that place – but your grace—”
“I’ll wait here, if you want,” Castiel suggested.
He looked so worried, all of a sudden. As if not being wanted somewhere hurt him to his core. And Castiel found that no, he
The fifth one is similar, but their hands start moving. Dean tangles his fingers in Cas’s hear, caresses his neck. Cas’s hands are all over Dean, on his chest, over his heart, on his clavicles, on his waist. The hands are a discovery, and they know they’ll never tire of it – they want more, more, more hands, everywhere, they want everything.
Dean looked about to say something, but before he could let the words out he was interrupted by a loud scream. “Dean! C’mere!”
It’s a trap; of
Dean looked down at his stained shirt. “Did she just pour her cocktail on me?”
a deal too,” the Empty tells him. “With Billie. I let Jack go, Billie makes me sleep again.”
“For eternity?” Dean asked, wincing.
“I want you,” he finished, rather lamely.
Her words made Dean’s heart ache and bleed. “Stop it,” he said, his voice sounding half broken and half angry.
moment.
It would have been hard not to. It was Castiel’s job, as the wedding photographer, to pay attention to every guest. Especially those who were to be in the pictures – the groom, the bride, the officiant, the witnesses, best man and maids of honor. He spent all day looking at them through his camera lens, trying to catch them in a beautiful, moving instant that the newlyweds would fondly look back at whenever they opened their wedding album.
Panic surges through him. How can he find Cas if he can’t see him?
. Why would the Empty send Cas’s demonic ex-girlfriend in Cas’s stead?
Dean doesn’t want to say the Words, not know. Cas deserves better than to hear them when he’s still in the Empty. He deserves to hear them in person, to receive them properly. These words are precious, Dean can’t give them like that.
Garth and Bess were Pagan and had planned their ceremony accordingly, which Castiel knew had delighted Rowena. He usually loved Pagan weddings, but this time his mind wasn’t in it, no matter how beautiful the ceremony was. He snapped photographs mechanically as the procession of friends and family came in, cursing his eyes for being drawn to Dean like magnets – he looked stunning in his tux, and the happy smile gracing his features somehow made his beauty as blinding as the sun.
And, like the coward he was, he hadn’t answered.
The tears were rolling down his cheeks, taking with them a burden Dean had never known was so heavy. He was feeling so light, so loved, so at peace right now. This-- this was what he was supposed to be, this was where he was supposed to be, always.
Dean smiled a little at that.
Stupid, stupid Castiel.
“I shouldn’t have done that,” he said. “It wasn’t my place—”
“Dean,” Cas started to say.
“No,” the Empty admits. “I don’t think you would.” She’s mocking him, he knows that, but he doesn’t even care.
Well, at least, he wasn’t alone.
It had been two months and a half since Charlie and Dorothy’s wedding. Castiel and Dean had not talked ever since. Dean had sent a text that read,
“A nurse, actually.”
It’s a person.
, Cas’s taste. Nothing compared to that; no words came to mind. And the touch of him under his hand -- the skin of his neck and the tingly hair he was petting…
“No, I wouldn’t,” he admitted. He couldn’t even hide a half-smile.
“Wish I could get your cock in my mouth, Dean,” he says, completely in earnest, breath even and controlled even while Dean is writhing and crying, sweating and leaking underneath him.  “God, I wish… it looks so good.  I wish… another time, I promise you,” and Dean cries out  “Yes, Cas, Please,” and Castiel can’t get his mouth on Dean’s cock in this position, but he takes it in his free hand, his other still large and wide on Dean’s face.  He takes Dean’s cock in his hand and strokes it, once, like he is experimenting, finding out how it feels, how Dean will react.
“See, guy,” Dean says, still all teared up, but now for a different reason.  “See, I wanna take care of you, that’s all. Don’t be scared.”
“I know, Dean.  I love you too.”  It sounds exactly the same the second time Castiel says it as it did the first time.  Exactly the same.  Will it sound like that, every time he says it?
The tremble in Castiel’s voice and the wetness in his eyes… and Dean is confused too, he does not understand how the angel who blazed into the Pit and wreaked havoc there and came away unmarked, the one who seemed to be reading to him words of prophecy from a book, the one so like a stone in his duty, could become this, could
“That’s not why you see a light around me. It’s not,”
“Yeah, well, you know,” Dean says, the hand that’s not holding the cooler creeping up to rub at the back of his neck.  He doesn’t really have a reason for not having been out to the lake in months. Other than liking weekend naps more than weekend crowds.  Even before he had Castiel to take them with.
His armored foot cracks the floor.  It sinks in a whole inch, like Castiel is walking on muddy soil, instead of hard, smooth, black marble.
.  He
*****
Castiel doesn’t know how to explain this to Sam.  He thinks Sam might already know, and that might be exactly why he worries.  As Castiel and Dean grow more powerful, so, too, do the promises they make each other.  Sam knows this.  Maybe what Sam fears is a world that has become only the wreckage of Dean and Castiel's love.  Destroyed so that it cannot keep them apart.
He realizes.
"We're going to neutralize him." So, the room of books, then, not weapons.
Hydra screams, and is blinded in a flash of light.  Scylla, Naga, and Laocoon, who were only looking at Hydra--not looking at the floor like the other, nameless, demons--also scream, as blisters erupt on their faces, and they are burned.  All of the other foolish demons not thralled to Hydra, those that did not flee in the initial wave, run from the throne room now, claws clicking over marble like a swarm of giant cockroaches fleeing from a kitchen when the light is turned on.  Hydra’s cabal is alone in the great, echoing, chamber, now, with Castiel.
Dean’s eyes slip all the way closed.  His cock thickens against Castiel.  “Yeah Cas.  Like that.”
His eyes flash once, and his wings, his true wings, black, flicker in and out of shadow once.  Dean doesn’t notice, his eyes are rolled back in his head and he cannot breathe.  Castiel doesn’t notice, he doesn’t feel anything but Dean around him, Dean shaking, Dean trembling on his cock.  Neither of them notice.  Neither of them wonder what it means.
“I’ll send him to the bunker, too, to get you some clothes, some of your stuff.”
with Sam, so different from the one he was living now.  The life on the road.
Dean's fingers are thicker than Castiel's, and so strong, but now they tremble.
A second spear is flying before the first hound lands.  The second hound pounces on Dean, knocks him to the side, and this spear drives into the basalt wall behind Dean with a crack.
“You've heard this before.  At the crossroads.  ‘
Castiel maintains his stony face and does not react outwardly, but internally he notices that this is the second time Crowley has specifically complained about Dean piling angel halos on his nightstand.  From this Castiel deduces two likelihoods.  First, that Crowley really does want a halo for the reason he gave, which is that they are vanishingly rare and therefore valuable to a collector.  Second, that there must be some hidden power in the halos that Crowley knows about, and it frustrates him that Dean is obtuse to that power, and is ignoring it instead of using it.
She is laying on a long velvet couch, sand colored, cushioned on beaded pillows, back to the entrance.  She has a very tiny, very green, snake, resting on her stomach.  She doesn’t look at Dean, but the snake does.  It gives him the heebie-jeebies.
So he sobbed in Ana’s arms, until he couldn’t sob any more, and she held him, and stroked his hair, and whispered “Oh Castiel. Dear Castiel. Sweet Castiel.  It will be alright.  You will find him. You will find him.”
“OK, Cas.  OK,” Dean says, as the earth still rumbles, not because he believes Castiel, but to pacify him, because he doesn’t want him to draw his sword and release his wings and make lightning strike in the cabin again.  He doesn’t want to have to be afraid of Castiel, again, but his eyes are flashing flash-flash-flash-flash and his choir is making the earth shake and Dean’s heart is racing in his chest and he just wants everything to slow down, slow down, and not be so serious.  He's not ready for this. He's not ready for anything. He wishes Cas had sung him Stairway to Heaven instead. Not something so beautiful. Not something like this.
It is hard to tell how long they stayed, twining into each other, in the not-empty-place.  Time is different there. It moves forward, it moves backwards, it
WARNING for Dean self-harm in this chapter.
“Cas, this is amazing,” Sam says, shouldering Castiel out of the way and sitting down, as the list keeps getting longer and longer.
“You’re welcome,”  Dean says bitterly, as the silence stretches on.  He has cracked open the stalemate, but it doesn’t feel good.  It never does.
Cas shakes his head, sadly.  “I b’long  t’ you, you know.  Given… Given to you.  My charge.  Forever.  I will always be yours.  No matter what.  But ‘M… I'm… I'm never gonna have you.  Never gonna, I know.” He sobs, brokenly, and clutches his heart.  “‘S always gonna… Always gonna hurt.” And then he just dissolves into tears, big, wet tears, sounds coming out of his mouth that aren't words.  Except, maybe, “Dean.”
The plaid is obvious, but “Emerald?”
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, and then they breathe into each other, for awhile.  Eyes locked together, held in place by
“I told you to be quiet,” Castiel says.
Cas’ eyes widen.  “Yes Dean.  Of course.”  He slides both his arms around Dean’s waist and holds him close.
Dean’s hand slices downward, towards the ten names he has drawn.
Not comfortably.  A man inside that sphere would have to be curled into himself to fit, and he
When he gets upstairs, he lugs the soup pot over to the side of his bed, but it’s a little too low just sitting on the ground; a few inches lower than his mattress and he hates the idea of Castiel having to jump.  So, he dumps his dirty laundry out of his laundry basket, turns it over, and puts the soup pot on top. Now its lip is a few inches above the edge of his mattress, and Castiel should be able to climb in easily.
The first time anyone has.  “Tell me if I hurt you,” Dean asks, his voice so quiet.   “Never want to hurt you, Cas.  Promise me.”  He's glad it's him.  The first time.  Glad no one else has given Castiel this, glad no one has been allowed to.  It should be him.  Always him, for Cas.  His Cas.
He shivers.  Looks Dean over, eyes, mouth, hands, throat, chest.  “You’re always mine, Dean.”  His eyes are so sincere.  He says it carefully and slowly.
“Master,” Charon keened, his voice a high whine and also a rough whisper, both at once.
The poker feels good in his hand, heavy and dangerous, so he doesn't put it down as he paces in front of the fire.  He looks unhinged, wrapped in blankets that trail out behind him, bare feet slapping on stone as he paces, hair sticking out in every direction, eyes bloodshot and watery, clenching a poker in his hand.  But he pays no mind to how he looks, he could not care less.  Instead, he focuses only on assessing his situation again, so he can make a plan.  A better plan than counting in the bathtub.
“Yeah, that’s right, buddy,” Dean says, smoothing his hand down Castiel’s back to hold a tentacle in his palm.  “You can just try a little piece in case you don’t like it.”
She closes her eyes, and starts to wave her body back and forth like the snake.  Her lips look very red, all of a sudden, and she hums.  “Mmmmmmmm.”  She hands over the bundle without opening her eyes, and melts away, back down onto her couch, still humming, “mmmmmmmm.”
Benny’s, 3PM.  I AM GOING TO STEAL YOUR OCTOPUS.
is the longing.  There is no escaping it now.  No confusing it for guilt or nostalgia.
that?  What did Castiel
Dean’s head is pillowed on Castiel’s chest, but he raises up an inch to look at him.  “I think you’d probably be able to guess.”
?” The fear turns cold, and slides down his chest, into his heart.
“You heard me Feathers, I want one of the halos your boyfriend snatched off your pasty family's heads.”
Dean sips his beer, and his hand reaches out, toward the porch swing.  He doesn’t realize he’s doing it until it’s already done, and then he shakes his head.  There’s no one on the porch swing.  He’s alone.  There’s no one on the porch swing.  No one with blue eyes.  No one with chapped lips.  There’s no one.
“There is no one else in the Pit who can match me in a knife fight, Dean, sparring grows tiresome.”
“Thank you, Dean.”
The tub is large, and dark, and it swallows Dean up; he looks small, and pale, against its back corners.  He keeps backing up, backing up, and chafing his hands against each other like he is trying to hide, get away.  Not from Cas.  From what is in his head.  Blood on the concrete in Iowa.  The cold endlessness of immortality, without Castiel.
Crowley narrows his eyes.  “I suppose I am.”
“Ga-Ga- Gary, Lord.  My name is Gary.”
---Past---
, he thinks.
Dean found him anyway.  Dean found him anyway, far and fast as he ran.  And Dean embraced him.  Dean embraced him even after Castiel ran from him and hid from him and left him for dead in a world of monsters.  Dean found him anyway.  Dean embraced him anyway.  And that was a different way that Castiel knew Dean loved him, different from the prayers.  And still he did not embrace Dean in return.  He asks himself why, has asked himself why a million times.  But the question echoes disingenuous in the cavity of his mind, even to himself.  He knows why he fisted his hand instead of embracing Dean on the shore of the river in Purgatory where Dean finally found him.  Fear.  Fear is why.  He was afraid.
Three.  He left.  He just left.  When he should be the one that never leaves Dean, not ever.
Yes, Dean answered himself.
And when the light has faded, and the sparks are dying embers on his skin, and he inches his arm away from where it protects his face, there is Castiel.
He fixes his face in a stoic, angelic, mask, and waits for the King of Hell to summon him.
on it, he would...
Love.
“God, yes, I will Cas -- Castiel.  I will.”
free, for just a few seconds.  And then to feel the pain.  To welcome the pain.  To break through the numbness of the alcohol and the misery and at least feel a pain that was his own, that didn't belong to the Mark.  To tell the Mark to go fuck itself, to break his body so the Mark couldn't use him any more, even if just for a little while.  To hurt it back.  To
They have submitted.  Now they will know his rule.  He speaks.  “The Master is held against his will in a prison on Earth.  He is held by Sam Winchester.”
“He asked me if I loved you, and I could have stayed silent.”
“Yessssss,” Charon hissed gleefully, clearly seeing where this was going and loving it.
. It was so sharp.  Dean's longing called to him, it cried out, in the night.  It
It looks up at Dean, on the sand, as if suddenly realizing that Dean is not in the water with it, and darts through the surf, scurries up over the sand, and crawls onto Dean’s chest with little huffs of effort.  Its tentacles are still wet and they drip cool drops of water onto Dean’s sun-warmed chest.
“He loves me,” Dean blurts out.  He knows it’s true, though he’s never said it out loud before.  “He… he rebelled against Heaven.  For me.  That’s why he needs to sleep.  He.  He didn’t used to.”
“Cas--” Dean tries to interrupt, but Cas squeezes him and continues.
Because he knows the color of this light, though he has spent night after night trying to describe it and has never been able to find the words.  The light is blue.  It is the color of Castiel's eyes.  And it keeps growing, swelling and brightening until it is almost blinding in the darkness of the cell.
Still not enough.  He wishes that Dean could
But Dean caught him, with ten fingers sprawled strong on the small of his back, and a heavy lidded stare.  “Where you goin’, Cas?”  He drawled.  “Thought you were gonna stay with me?”
*****
“Cas…” Dean's voice is soft, and close. He holds his own right hand up, to cover Cas’ tattoo with his palm.  Hand heart body hand tattoo body hand heart.  They make a circuit that is endless; cannot be broken.  “Need you so much.  I know you can feel it, I know you can,” Dean says quietly.
Dean stares at Uriel’s halo, face an ugly, hateful mask, eyes black, upper teeth biting his lower lip.  Castiel has stretched himself across the bed to reach out to Dean, reach his hand to Dean's shoulder and comfort him, but Dean pushes him away, and stands.  The fire in their fireplace, long dead as they fell through memory and time, lights itself with a roar at a twitch of Dean's finger.
Castiel was only able to stop crying when it was morning on Earth, and Dean’s longing receded.  He stood on two feet finally, in the morning, and embraced his sister and thanked her for her solace.  She nodded, and looked at him with wide, kind, eyes.
anything, but he could not lie.  If Dean says
He tells Dean how he is good.  How the demons fear him, feared him even when he was in Hell and they thought he was one of them, thought he was subjugated; how the angels fear him, because he understands something they do not.
Castiel pets Dean's hair and shushes him. “Ssshhh.  Ssshhh.  I'm here, Dean.  I'm here with you.  I'm yours.  Always yours.  Only yours.”
“You would… want… that?”
“You may swear yourself to him, forever, if you want.  Is this what you want?”
“You would… You would want to go back?” Cas asks, sniffling, wiping his runny nose with the sleeve of his coat.  He can't believe it.  He can't believe that Dean would ever want that.  He can't believe that Gabriel was right.
for it?  He would have.  He would have begged.  If he had known… If he had known that it felt like this when Dean’s tongue touched his body, he would have begged.
Dean picks up the turkey-soup pot and starts to lug it upstairs.  “I just don’t want you to dry out, little guy.” He knows that Castiel doesn’t understand the words, but he figures that if Castiel is
Dean hears the sound of steel on steel when Castiel’s lips touch him, there.
He is a little ashamed.
“Spent a lot of time on cliff faces when I first took the Mark,” Dean says, and it doesn't sound like a happy memory.  Of course it wouldn't be, from that time.  “On them, and at the bottom of them,” he says, more quietly.
.  To make me an angel again, after I suffered that to Fall…  It wouldn't be helping me, Sam, it would make that suffering meaningless.  It would be cruel.”
Sam's anger is too potent to be stopped, now that it has been set free on a real target, instead of only spinning inside his head.  He continues.  “The last I see of Cas, he's losing his mind, telling me you're hurt, you're scared.   He pulls some mystery angel crap, and all of a sudden he's got angel eyes--
me.  I made a deal--”
If there were some truly evil or dangerous use of an angel's halo, Castiel thinks he would know about it, at least; he would have been warned, or he would have heard of his brethren being hunted for them at some time, over the millennia, wouldn't he?
“Always, Cas.  Always, to me.  You’re the one who gripped me tight, aren’t you?  You’re the one that saved me.”  And he rises to kiss his angel, gentle and slow.  Castiel’s lips are like petals, his mouth a secret filled with honey, and Dean dips in to it again and again until his mind is buzzing from the sweetness.  Castiel kisses him back, and his mouth is tentative and pliant and so sweet beneath Dean’s.  He kisses Dean like he is dipping his toe into blessed waters.  Like kissing is sacred and Dean is its horned God, powerful and too beautiful to bear.  Dean’s wings unfurl around them and cocoon them in a velvet dark, he
Cas turns red too.  “Sam explained that you might be more comfortable if I named Dean--”  human Dean looks at him, sharply, “--If I named the unicorn something else.  He suggested ‘Shadowfax’.”
“Thank you, Lionness.”
And into the stillness, Dean whispers, so quiet, so low, that Castiel almost might have believed he imagined it, “I love you, too.”
“Yes, of course,” Cas answered. His voice was raspier than usual.
of it or I swear I’ll come back and drag you on Earth if I have to. Don’t even
Well, he’d never know unless he tried it. It was
“Ouch,” Dean let out. “We’re gonna have to work on that, huh?”
“Castiel, Dean, your marriage will be a lifelong promise of love, respect, and trust. This union represents your commitment to support one another through the good, the bad, and the unexpected – to share your joys, your dreams as well as your sorrows. A strong bond works in unison –”
“Don’t mind him, I’m embarrassing him in true little sister fashion,” Charlie said with glee. “What were you two talking about?”
“Is that the beginning of the feast?” Gabriel wondered aloud as they heard a gong. “Oooh, time for me to go and take care of the pastries. Adios, muchachos! Have a sweet gay time together!”
“I don’t even understand some of his jokes and his references.”
The Book of the Damned sends ripples of darkness and disgust throughout him when he touches it. Thankfully, Sam kept Rowena’s notes near it, and Dean just has to read them.
Dean laughed – a joyful, free laugh like Cas hadn’t heard in so long. It was enough for him to look up again. Dean was looking at him fondly, seemingly amused.
in love with you.”
to ask for it, either, didn’t help.
“Did you run away because you hate the fact that
Was that why they were soulmates? Or was it just some lucky strike that happened to work out better than it was supposed to?
“Rowena is family.”
It seems to be enough for Dean. “Thank you,” he says, just as softly.
So they walk, and walk.
And Dean will not be able to keep the words buried inside his heart; in fact, he will not even try to, because there is no need, there never was.
Of course, from then on when Dean would dream of these things he wanted (these terrifying and comforting things), he would have to remember that it was impossible and that Cas didn’t feel that way. The sweet ignorance of not knowing
More precisely, they knew that Dean would be there around that time.
Castiel nodded. “We come from a multicultural family, you know. Jack, Claire and I grew up in Christian families, but Rowena is a Wiccan, Gabriel worships the Norse deities, so he’s Pagan, Balthazar is Jewish, and Kaia – Kaia’s father was a Catholic and her mother was a Navajo. And Meg says she’s a Satanist, but I
do: it was all too much.
interested? Then – what went wrong?” Dean shook his head. “You looked terrified, I thought it meant you didn’t want to – is that because I changed in front of you?” He asked suddenly. “Is nudity a problem? Or sex? It’s okay, Cas, I like you, I’ll work with whatever you’re comfortable doing, no worries –”
He knew, on some level, that this, right there, was the battle of their life. Dean gave him a dagger at some point, while they ran, and they attacked the slime with it. The red pulsations grew louder and louder, and even though Cas had no idea how or why it happened, they weakened him even more. Each time the deadly heart of the Empty beat, he felt his state worsen.
,” he said after eating the two burgers Dean had cooked him.
“Yes.” Dean pulled him closer, held him tighter. Breathed him in. “This is all real.
Jack smiled. “I told you, the answer is here.” He laid his hand on his heart, and Dean’s own heart leapt in answer as he thought about the words Cas had said.
thinking Dean doesn’t love him, will
Every guest had been told to come in disguise. So far, Castiel had met Dumbledore and Voldemort (who were apparently a couple now), Darth Vader, Princess Leia, Arwen, Indiana Jones, one monster of Frankenstein, two Draculas, an angel, the Terminator, Jon Snow, John McClane, Sherlock Holmes and six people who had come in a regular suit and had gratefully taken the fake FBI badges handed at the entrance to pretend that they
to,” Jack said, his eyes big and sad. “I want to. Cas deserves better. But I’m God now, and that’s not something I’m allowed to do. I can’t… snap my fingers and bring him back. For one, I’m not supposed to intervene in human affairs anymore. And the Empty won’t let that happen.”
“I can’t understand why Rowena wanted to have them remade,” Dean shook his head fondly. “Or why she didn’t like them, either.
ly indeed,” Gabriel whispered.
Castiel didn’t remember much after that. He fell in and out of consciousness, welcoming the absence of pain just as much as he welcomed the feeling of life.
Dean’s silence was deafening. He was looking at Cas with wide, guilty eyes. "Cas—Cas, I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have – I should have—”
Of course it was enough, he thinks. Their bond has always been stronger than anything else. It’s the only real and beautiful thing in Dean’s life, after – and perhaps in Cas’s life too.
“Yes,” he admits.
specifically, Dean,” he clarified. “Not Sam, or Jack. You.”
Either he was very gifted, or Cas was very sensitive. He’d lean towards the second one. Experience would come later.
“Dean – thank you,” Cas said. He didn’t know how to say it, how to convey how grateful and moved he was that Dean came for him.
“You’re the best and we all love you,” Jack added as he joined them.
Castiel couldn’t help but smile. Dean had never talked to any of his family – except for Rowena, and Gabriel now – yet he seemed to like them.
He turned on his heels, and there Dean was. His Dean, the real Dean. Standing by his side.
, and deals are lethal – they take away peace, and hope, and life, and Cas cannot have that for Dean. Once Chuck is defeated, Dean deserves a good life, not one doomed by a deal made to get
had participated. Castiel didn’t even know how he knew about Dean. His texts were either gross or helpful with no in-between, and ranged from advice on how to send nudes to a list of classics of rock music to understand Dean a little bit better (and Dean had been ecstatic about that – he hadn’t even been bothered that Castiel had had to get information about rock music, he had simply seemed elated that Castiel had looked for it in the first place).
Dean was about to apologise, when he caught Cas’s look. His pupils were blown and dark, and Cas had a
Dean was looking at his lips, but he wasn’t making a move. They were still holding hands, and their fingers were playing together, and Dean’s other was playing with the hem of the t-shirt Cas was wearing, as if he
“That’s a strange family,” Dean said. “Sounds like a nice one, though.”
“I guess—” Dean said very, very uncertainly, his voice but a barely audible whisper, “I guess your grace being gone... it also means that you don’t have to fear the Empty’s curse anymore. You can... have a good, normal, happy life, too.”
He just couldn’t stop kissing Cas. Biting, sucking, licking, cherishing, there were so many things to do. It was a whole new world for Dean, a new kind of Heaven, and he knew he would never be able to leave it, ever.
She had probably noticed how flustered he was in the best man’s presence. He would
Cas was happy, Dean realised, and damnit if he wouldn’t do
the way he behaves with you. Uh-uh.” She threw a pillow at Dean. “He doesn’t. You’re special.”
“C’mon guys, you know that Clarence sucks at relationships. Leave him alone,” Meg drawled. Then she winked at him, in a not-so-subtle reminder of the time she had a thing for him. Castiel rolled his eyes in answer.
Afterwards, when he was busy photographing the feast as he was paid to do, he kept Dean’s booming laugh tucked close to his heart.
. It was safe trying, it was even safe failing.
“So, you don’t think he likes you,” Gabriel said, sitting on a nearby table. “Let’s see. He’s a flirt, if I remember correctly?”
“We would have found a way, we always do,” Dean asserted stubbornly, his jaw clenched.
“Next time you meet? He’ll be yours forever,” Meg said confidently.
“You must be Jack,” Dean said with an affectionate smile.
Cas’s fingers had found their way beneath Dean’s t-shirt and they were caressing his stomach and his ribs as Dean lavished his angel’s neck. Dean moved to give him better access to his chest -- damn, these fingers on him were everything -- and that’s when he felt it: a rock hard cock against his thigh.
Dean’s smile was blinding, though, so maybe he didn’t.
Then, because Dean was too tired to think or do anything, he slumped down next to Cas, burying his head in the crook of Cas’s neck. Cas wrapped his arms against him automatically. Damn, he was a cuddler. He was perfect in every way, wasn’t he?
Castiel laughed. “It’s not.”
“Shouldn’t have what, Dean? Come for me?” Cas said, frowning.
“Well, I – I summoned the Empty. I used a spell Rowena translated, and, um, I negotiated. Sort of?”
Cas’s face – Cas’s happy smile. He’s never seen Cas smile like that. Cas doesn’t smile often, in fact.
“Don’t stop,” Cas whispered in his ear, sucking on his earlobe, because apparently his angel was a devious little minx who learned
, after all. Work was important. Very important. The most important thing in the world, actually. Castiel was a professional. Work came before everything else and that included Dean Winchester and his cute smiles and his cuter dimples. God, the dimples were just plain unfair.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, looking up from his book as soon as he saw Dean.
He swore he heard Cas grumble, “If I had known sooner how eager you’d be to have me naked--” He didn’t catch the end of his sentence, though.
“We’re family,” Dean protested. “I never said it was normal -- it’s not, he shouldn’t have done all that -- but Sam and I… we’re his family,” he concluded lamely. “That’s what family does.”
But sometimes, he had wondered. If he didn’t belong to his parents and to society, who was he meant for? Who was he perfect for?
“What?” Cas looked up so quickly that his neck cracked. “Dean. Of course not. I would never regret meeting you and choosing you. Never. I thought – I thought I had made that clear. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, Dean.”
Dean was his soulmate.
It was difficult to focus on his work when Dean was
“I hate breaking a deal,” the Empty whines.
Seeing Cas naked in the shower was a turn-on, Dean discovered, as was seeing him in Dean’s clothes -- a t-shirt and a flannel shirt and jeans that Cas had enthusiastically agreed to wear.
, he keeps chanting in his head.
No, Cas didn’t know, but he didn’t have the time to say so because Dean suddenly got closer to him, adding hurriedly: “We’ve got to remove your stitches!”
Dean’s traitorous heart leapt in his chest, and he hated it for doing that. He hated how wild Cas made his heart. The wilder it was, the harder it was for Dean to hide… the Thing. That Thing that he felt when he shouldn’t. Because, well, that was absurd. It was doomed. Wasn’t it?
He took a deep breath. No. Jack had said he had everything he needed. Jack didn’t have a doubt that Dean would find Cas -- he wasn’t sure Cas would be able to come back, but he was sure Dean would find Cas. That meant Dean could.
And Dean – Dean is broken, and he didn’t know there could be a good kind of broken. He feels like he’s been torn open and wrecked, and rebuilt. It feels so
Dean’s voice kept yelling, though. And it grew more and more desperate. But all the versions of Dean were crying, screaming, begging, whimpering (except the ones that were dead, of course), so the difference was not very noticeable. Yet there was an edge to this voice in particular that make something move inside him.
Dean was smiling.
He stopped in front of the makeshift altar, in front of Cas. Sam took his place behind Dean, mirroring Gabriel’s position. (Gabriel had eventually won the role of Cas’ best man after a very loud and very vicious battle of wills; he had won only because he had been the one who had translated Dean’s lame pick-up lines during Charlie and Dorothy’s wedding.)
And... and there was something in Dean’s gaze... Castiel had always been so stupidly hopeful...
“Not.”
“And because you don’t want to
As soon as he saw Cas’s lustful eyes trailing up and down his body, taking him in fully, and focusing especially on Dean’s crotch, he knew that he shouldn’t have worried.
“So I can’t make deals, but you can?”
And Cas was there, real and alive.
Dean loved it.
Dean sighs, and his body sags in relief.
“Prove it then, tiger.” Charlie rose her beer in a mock toast.
Cas thought about it for a while. “That makes sense.” He remembered the visions of a golden world he had had while Jack was still in the womb. Jack was God – now this was a God Cas would believe in, a God he would be proud to have faith in.
“We could go somewhere and eat,” he suggested.
“Oh, really? Tell me more.”
, and he doesn’t care.
“Gabriel and Balthazar need an audience though.”
. It made him less hesitant to put his mouth on it, and to give it a light, experimental lick.
“Welcome back, Cas,” Sam said softly.
Castiel nodded again. And Dean’s small laugh turned into a roaring guffaw.
“Reciprocated,” Cas said.
Cas looked as if he was barely breathing.
When they could have had so much more.
“I like it a lot when you’re talking about
Castiel was looking through the pictures on his camera when a familiar voice made him start.
Dean’s smile wavered just a little. “Nothing, don’t worry. I’ll have to show you
was important.
Dean brightened.
It’s a certain thing, now. Cas loves him, and happiness is just here, within his – their – reach. They can have that, they can live it; Dean’s dreams can come true; if only he could say the words...
“Dean –” He can’t help smiling. “Dean...” He sighs.
,” Claire scoffed.
in love with me?”
Castiel could barely breathe.
“Well, of course,” Dean says. “It’d be pretty horrible if it did – I mean, I want you to be happy for other reasons, right? Because – well, you said it, good things do happen, and I want you to be happy – y’know, in general?” He’s babbling, oh fuck, he’s babbling. He just wants to say that Cas’s happiness should not rely on one man, or on this man loving him back; that Cas deserves all the happiness in the world; that he hates that Cas is so depressed, so self-hating that he cannot find happiness in the little things of life –
“I have to try,” Dean said, surer than he’d ever been in his life. “I’ll take the risk.”
The wings for Cas, not just because he was a real-life angel but because he had learnt how to free himself from his shackles to grow his own wings. The heart for Dean, a reminder that he should listen to his heart. A reminder that Cas kept his heart safe, always.
“Oh.” Dean gulped. Castiel couldn’t help but look as he licked his lips nervously. “Cas, it’s not – I don’t like soulmarks because they force things on us, you see? People see they’re soulmates and they jump into a relationship together without even knowing each other or – or
Charlie couldn’t be right. Impossible.
But they were in Super Hell for angels and demons, and Cas was there. He looked dead but he was only asleep.
What even happened? One minute Death was banging at the door and Dean was going to die, and then Cas was telling him about a deal, and sprouting praise at Dean as if Dean were the best thing on Earth, and then – and after that Cas was gone, and Dean was alone.
This hand that was now free to cherish Cas, if he wanted to.
“Great. Don’t forget, you owe me fifty bucks.”
“I want to do so many things to you,” he heard himself say. “
lips on his and Cas’s hands all over his body and Cas’s breath mingling with his own and Cas’s heart beating that hard for him and being loved by Cas and loving Cas -- all of it tastier than honey and holier than Heaven, more potent than whiskey and more glorious than beating God.
; life was unfair. “Name’s Dean Winchester. I’m Sam’s brother – you know, the groom.”
“And, hum, the curse is lifted too. You know, your Angel curse. There’s no – you can be happy, no problem.” Dean feels ridiculous and lame, oh, so
Cas gripped Dean tight and pulled him closer, closer, until Dean was straddling his lap; and Dean was moaning in his mouth, and smiling in their kiss, and cupping Cas's face.
would be gone. Of course, it wasn’t as if Dean had ever harbored any hope… he knew it was impossible... but there was comfort and hope in silence. Silence left the door ajar just enough to think you could maybe one day cross the threshold and have every forbidden fantasy that was hidden behind.
The way he said that little word, ‘you’... As if it encompassed more than a simple word could ever hope to mean… as if Dean was more than words could say…
Why keep silent when you could just say it?
Yes. The pictures. The man hadn’t come to him to enjoy meaningless chitchat. Of course. He probably wanted to check that his brother hadn’t spent his money on the wrong photographer. It wasn’t as if people
“I didn’t.”
The fuck. He wanted
Castiel braced himself for the words that would come – not only rejection, but also, perhaps, the end of their friendship, because Dean had always been rather... sensitive on the matter of masculine affection, personal space, and things like that.
rock hard cock.
“You don’t mind?” Castiel asked, bewildered.
“You sure? I mean, a hundred percent sure?”
turned-out way, and… perhaps Dean could say what he wanted, after all.
He had always been weak where Dean was concerned.
“Meg, be nice!” Rowena scolded.
“I don’t think he can like me, Gabriel,” Castiel insisted, looking around to make sure that no one could hear them.
There were a million things Castiel wanted to say, but all he could manage to utter was, “Dean.”
He laughed, weakly.
But Rowena has written other things, too.
with you,” Balthazar interjected. Even splayed across the sofa as he was, his whole body managed to radiate waves of disapprobation – quite a feat, even for Bal. “What else do you need? Didn’t you listen to a
They were interrupted by someone who bumped into them.
could feel the same way...
“Don’t congratulate me. Nothing is – certain yet. I’m not sure he likes me,” Cas confessed.
“Ooooh,” the Empty says with ugly delight. “Let me guess –”
?” Dean growled. “Cas died in the war against Chuck. This isn’t a normal death. That’s -- that’s cosmic shit right there! That you can intervene in!”
from loving
Castiel understands the words instantly.
He had liked it nevertheless. There was something about the simplicity and the easiness of it all that moved him more than big gestures ever could – something that made his heart beat faster than a grand gesture or a splendid confession. It was in the little moments – the way Dean spoke fondly of his father figure Bobby and of his job as a mechanic at Bobby’s, in the way Dean laughed and his eyes twinkled when he told Castiel of Garth’s adventures and of Sam’s mishaps when he decided to propose to Eileen. It was in the way Dean listened to him, too, in the way he didn’t seem to mind the oddness that drove others away. As if Castiel was a fascinating riddle, but without making Castiel uncomfortable or self-conscious.
“What’s wrong?” Claire insisted.
“Not when I couldn’t have what I—”
“It’s about Cas.”
. That felt even more amazing.
But Castiel didn’t have the words to express what he felt, so he settled for, “It was lovely.” It was a lame word that didn’t quite encompass the whole evening, but if the way his family looked at him was to be trusted, they had caught his meaning.
Oh fuck, had Cas seen the truth and understood Dean’s feelings? Was he horrified that his best friend, his brother of sorts, was in love with him?
“No, that you can do again. Actually, please, do it again every time we can.” Dean dropped another kiss. “I meant sacrificing yourself. Dying. Thinking I don’t love you. All that. Don’t do it again. Stay.”
“Uh, he’s one of those? Not a huge loss then,” Kaia frowned as if Gabe’s dog had left a particularly putrid mess in the middle of the living-room again.
And Cas will smile. He will lace his fingers with Dean’s (and Dean will admire the matching silver bands on their fingers), and he will say, “Only a thousand times.”
Everything had been perfect so far. The whole ceremony had been lovely. He had taken beautiful photos of the wedding procession and gorgeous pictures of the two brides, natural light illuminating their features as they gazed at each other with pure love shining on their faces.
Over one year had passed, and Castiel hadn’t thought much about Dean Winchester. There wasn’t much to mull over, since he didn’t know him at all and their meeting had been but a few lost minutes in Castiel’s life. Yet, Dean was all he could think about during the whole ceremony.
“It’s been – uh – it’s been a while.” Dean’s voice was uncertain, even more so than the time he had confided his hatred of soulmarks to Castiel in the courtyard of a church.
Finally, Cas relents. Dean takes a step backward, and Cas follows. They are still holding hands, and it is anchoring Dean more than anything else has ever done.
Castiel was feeling brave again. He took a step forward. Then another. They were standing so close to each other now that he could feel Dean’s breath on his cheek.
That meant Castiel was now not-busy for a few minutes. He could look to his right again, but he had already decided that was not-okay. He could pretend he was busy, looking through the photos he had taken. Just in case someone was still looking at him. Or if they had just noticed him. It was good to seem busy. He hid behind a nearby tree, hoping that no one would see him, especially random green-eyed men on his right. He feverishly fished out his phone with trembling hands. His family had created a group chat or something, and taught him to use it; on that day, he was thankful they had insisted.
... It’s me... Please, wake up...”
“Well, maybe that’s why I hate them so much!” Dean exclaimed. “You discovered you and I were meant to be together, and you took one look at me and went all ‘nope, I don’t want that to be my soulmate.’”
have had another wedding booked that day, but I think your talents would be best used for this wedding. Unless, of course, you would rather attend the other wedding—” she said airily.
“Cas. Come on. Wake up.” And Dean stretched his hand towards him.
, okay. I don’t have the hots for Jimmy Novak, I have the hots for
“His own siblings rejected him for feeling like a human, Dean.”
have proof.”
(No, not God, you can’t call your adopted son in the middle of sex, no, no, no.)
“Yes, I do,” he said.
Charlie snorted. “Sure,
“Well, usually no one asks the photographer to join in on the ‘fun,’” Castiel replied.
“You hope you’ll meet again, you mean,” Meg said, ever astute. He didn’t deny it.
Dean nodded back. “Then we run.”
“I didn’t know angels could be horny,” Dean said, puzzled.
“Cas—”
The door was opening, little by little, the impossible becoming true.
Well. After all, Castiel had confessed his love. He shouldn’t be surprised with Dean’s reaction.
to look at the best man, it was only natural. And it was just as normal for Castiel to
“No,” Dean says, thinking hard and fast. “And I can’t promise you you’ll get him, either. But he’s your only chance to go back to sleep.”
They gasped when they finally moved back, out of breath and grinning like loons. Castiel didn’t let go of Dean, though, and neither did Dean. Castiel laid his head against Dean’s shoulder, smiling when Dean rested his cheek against his and hugged him tighter.
He’d worry about that later.
“You did.”
– might even happen that very night if he was lucky. Castiel’s hands were clammy and he could barely focus.
God, his arms were strong and hot around him...
Dean licked his lips again, nervously. “I’m sorry, Cas.”
“Itt’s part of your charm, after all,” Gabriel shrugged.
Those words were left unspoken. They felt too intimate. They were something Cas should get to hear, not their kid.
He can pray, though.
Yet... yet it wasn’t true to himself, and he hadn’t forgotten the cheer relief and happiness in letting himself feel, in letting himself be honest with Dean and with himself, the joy of being free from those chains.
“Well, you two don’t know each other that well,” Meg noticed drily.
“Let Rowena and Eileen take care of everything,” Sam said. “What about you? Nervous?”
, his heart chants as well.
Well.
He saw as Cas kept looking at the (rather boring) table too intently for it to be natural. He was still, very still -- stiller even than when they had met and Cas always stood straight and unmoving. This was a look Dean had forgotten about Cas. He was far too used to
“I do care. This car is yours, and I know what she means for you. That’s what makes her beautiful and important.”
Bal would mention that at some point.)
And then he realised that he couldn’t hide, because he was the
Thank you to everyone who left kudos, commented, followed, and/or added this story to their favourites! I couldn't have done it without you, and I feel so happy and humbled that you all like this story so much. I hope you will like this ending as well.
as if Cas was important too...
Cas turned, and here Dean was,  leaning over him. His smile was relieved, although his eyes were anxiously daring back and forth.
falling in love, naturally.” He blinked, then he looked away. “Hum. I’m sorry. Shouldn’t have unloaded on you. It’s just – people’ve been pestering me about soulmates recently, and...”
Dean opened his mouth, but the words wouldn’t come. There were words Dean couldn’t say because he had tamed them too well and they were too afraid to come out in the open. He had thought ‘I love you’ and ‘I’m attracted to men’ and ‘you’re everything to me, Cas’ were the only words, but apparently there were other words as well.
Cas frowned in disbelief. “I had thought it was obvious. Dean, I—” The words were harder to say this time, perhaps because there would be actual, serious consequences this time around, or perhaps because being forced to tell them was simply too straining. “Dean, I love you.”
“As I said, part of your charm. Not every useful when flirting with a hot cowboy, though.” Gabriel patted him on the shoulder. “Those were
Cas’s words just can’t stop echoing in his head.
.) Her eyes revealed the truth though. She was watching him expectantly, trying (and failing) to hide her smirk by taking a sip from her bottle of beer.
, be here.
? Truthful? Why can’t he say the one thing he swore he’d say, the one thing Cas needs and wants?
“I just want you too much,” Cas answered, open and earnest in a way Dean could only dream of being.
Cas started to protest, but Dean was a man with a plan.
God, that was so cheesy. He couldn’t find it in himself to care, though.
, or,
“Listen to the kid,” Meg said, slapping his knee playfully. “Your man meat will be yours in no time.”
But, he found with wonder and stupefaction, Dean was looking at him just like he had the night before: with awe, and incredulity, and – and
“And you meant... you didn’t mean friendship or—or family...”
“I love you,” Dean said. “I’m sorry I didn’t say it sooner.”
Castiel knows how Dean feels. Of course,
“Look at you. Ruffled hair, grumpy, pillow creases – you, sir, aren’t a morning person.”
Was it possible that Dean... hadn’t understood?
“That’s sweet, Gabe, thank you.”
“I don’t want to be paired off with someone I wouldn’t even like if it weren’t for the mark, you see? And I don’t want the universe deciding what our lives should be.”
“Oh.” Jack looked up at him, looking pained and compassionate. “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
would enter Dean? How would Cas’s orgasm sound like?
“Ha!” Dean fake-laughed, his voice shaking. “But you don’t mean— of course you can’t mean—I mean, you’re an angel, you don’t feel like humans do, huh?”
“Not.”
“Why?” the Empty asks. She looks around, sweeps some books off a chair, and sits down. “Castiel and I had a deal. I let the Nephilim go, and I would get Castiel in exchange. One moment of happiness, and his ass is mine. Instead of being
Dean could barely hear Cas over the sound of his heart beating furiously as if it’d just been kicked alive again. There were butterflies in his stomach and he felt hot everywhere and his mouth was dry and his palms were sweaty, because Cas
indeed; and that he, Dean, was right to have faith in that, in them, in Cas.
“He kissed Meg and he slept with April and wanted to date Nora,” Charlie countered, cocking an eyebrow at him.
being bossed around. I hate being summoned, and I hate the little angel you love so much. I think I hate Winchesters, too. Billie told me she wanted me to have you once you die, but I think I’ll pass on that. So, did you really think I’d let you get your angel back so easily?”
“Nope. Not happening,” Dean answered, his face ferocious. His grip tightened around Cas’s hand, almost painfully. “You follow me. We get out of here. Don’t even
They chatted a little bit about it all -- Jack’s reforms in Heaven, the new angels he was planning on making -- until Jack asked the dreaded question. “Why did you want to see me?”
“I love you.”
“I noticed, yeah,” Dean said as he opened the trunk of his car and rummaged through it, looking for his spare shirt. “It’s... kinda cute, I guess.”
“Cas, was it – was it Jack’s magic water, or was it your mojo?
His right shoulder was burning, where Cas had first gripped him twelve years before. Was it his imagination? Or was it real?
Cas was looking straight at him, completely frozen. His eyes were wide with something Dean couldn’t quite read -- was it
That thing that took Cas from him.
“Nah, I saw the way he looked at you. And the way he texted you. Telling you all that stuff about him and his family? Trusting you with feelings when he’s bad at them because he’s a repressed Daddy’s boy? Texting you about random stuff because he thought that’d make you smile? Cassie, he’s
“It’s here!” Dean screamed in his ear. “We’re almost done, Cas, we’re almost there –”
It was December, and it was the day of the Big Decoration Time, as they called it in true poetic fashion. A Christmas tree stooped over like a vodka aunt past her prime, straining under the weight of numerous, gaudy garlands and one lone bulb. It stood at one end of the living room, faced with a Yule Altar with all the candles untouched for now, as were the candles of the Menorah. It was too early to drunkenly set fire to their mismatched furniture with the fiery aspects of celebrations, after all. The log they would burn on Yuletide was standing next to the chimney, tripping everyone like a gleeful little Grinch; the garlands and the Hanukkah string lights were tangled together
Cas already felt new under Dean’s touch, even if everything was sore, but he didn’t say that. Instead he said, “Jack? He has his powers back?”
him – and perhaps it had been destiny if they had met the first time, but after that it had been Dean’s choice, because Castiel was
“Thank you,” Castiel answered. With any luck, the man would leave now and give him some privacy to die of embarrassment alone. As long as he left before Rowena sank her clutches into him, everything would be fine.
Besides, Dean knew all this was just the tip of the iceberg. The reception was still to come. Ellen had taken care of the drinks, Gabriel of the cake (which was more of a gigantic pie, actually), Jo and Anna of the music. And Rowena had organized the whole thing, from the ceremony to the reception, of course.
They are still holding hands, Cas realises. At the same moment, he realises that all this time they have had a very simple manner of communicating, and they haven’t used it. He was too busy enjoying Dean’s touch, like the terrible friend he is.
“Next time, ask him to give you his number,” Kaia advised.
“Give me reasons,” Charlie said animatedly. “I want proof, Winchester.”
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t know. Things about cowboys and rodeos and Huckleberries and
That’s all Dean can think of.
Castiel closes his eyes again, and smiles. He feels free now, freer than ever, now that he has finally stopped bottling up his feelings and keeping them hidden. He had not realised before how much effort it took him to silence himself, to repress such an essential part of who he is. He merely feels happy, and relieved. He is glad he has let go of any doubt, of any hope that poisoned his love and made it less pure. To stop feeling ashamed is the greatest relief – the greatest happiness – of all. Now, he can be happy of the simple fact that he loves Dean. This love changed his life for the better.
But the form is feminine, and blonde, and looks at him with exasperation.
“Just kiss him, duh,” Meg said.
“Oh. Um. Okay. Bye, then.” Dean waved.
“There’s a difference between finding someone attractive and wanting a relationship with them,” Castiel said. “I don’t know this man at all. And he was
“You need to send it to me.” Dean stopped in his tracks. “Seriously. Send it to me, Cas.”
. The lamest I’ve ever heard, but pick-up lines still. I think he must have Googled them – Cassie, kiddo, little bro, that means he looked them up
Cas looks him right in the eye, open and honest and moved. “Thank you, Dean. I’m grateful. Beyond words. You shouldn’t have –”
“I promise you, Dean, it wasn’t unwelcome. It was... very, very welcome.”
And no one would need to know that sometimes Dean wanted to grab Cas’s hand and run away from their life and hide in a place where Dean could be free to love Cas all he wanted. No one needed to know that when they were eating burgers in a shitty diner or in the Bunker Dean wanted to lean in Cas’s space and kiss him, or that when they were watching TV together at night he wanted to hug Cas and drown in his warmth, or that sometimes he wanted to sneak into Cas’s room, sometimes not even to make love, sometimes just to sleep next to him and drink in his breathing and enjoy the simple happiness of being close to the person you lov--
He needed an answer. He
“Are they?”
Cas told him he loved him.
“What the hell, Cas,” Dean exclaimed, shocked. “Cas, you’re not an – an asset, or a tool. You’re – you’re family, Cas. We didn’t keep you around because of your powers! We kept you around because...” Dean stopped again, licked his lips a third time. “Because you’re you. That’s the only thing that matters.”
“We talked about... a little of everything, I guess,” Castiel explained, using his fork to play with his omelette. It reminded him of Friday night, when he had toyed with his slice of wedding cake in the very same way, as he told Dean about photography, and stars and storms and bees and flowers. Dean hadn’t looked bored and he hadn’t laughed, as Castiel had feared he would; instead, he looked interested. Engrossed, even. “Our families, our lives, our careers.”
“Oh, Clarence,” Meg whispered. Claire took his hand and held it tight. Jack silently handed him his box of Crunch Cookie Crunch.
“I told him I loved him too.”
“I know,” Cas said slowly – it still hurt, even after all that time being aware of this fact – “that my angelic powers were my only asset to our team—”
Charlies shrugged. Her eyes were knowing --
“Called it,” Kaia whispered.
Dean hesitated, and then he raised his hand, tentatively… and Cas’s hand joined his, interlocking their fingers together, making Dean feel
He remembered, too,  how quickly those words had soured when he was deemed not good enough for God.
The wedding had been going
“It was in a text conversation, people mention a lot of unprompted and unrelated things in text conversations.”
“You’re a burger and fries kinda guy, aren’t you?” Dean asked abruptly. Castiel nodded, hoping against hope it wouldn’t be a deal-breaker. “Thank God.”
If Castiel was one to facepalm – as Gabriel and Balthazar often did – he would do it now.
What to do, then? Walk and hope?
“Yeah, because Cas behaves with Sam
“Cas,” he hears himself say, as in a dream. “Cas. You’re back. Don’t do that again. Please, Cas, please.”
In the end, he settled for, “It won’t change a thing between us, you know that?”
“Is.”
“You must be kidding me.”
And when he hears this “Hello, Dean,” he knows what to say.
“No, not the Candyman, the owner of the Chocolate Factory – you know what, I’ll show you the movie.”
Cas had heard once that a lover's kiss on one's scars would heal all the hurt and erase the ghosts of every suffering. It was true.
“--have wanted that for a very, very long time,” Cas confessed, his hands trailing downwards, on Dean’s stomach, and then near the zip of his pants.
“Shut up. You’re perfect. I love your body because it’s
The point was, Castiel
“OH, SHUT UP!” Dean screamed.
He had especially taken to Jack, Kaia and Claire, perhaps because he liked kids (was it strange that Dean had mentioned liking kids? Was that normal text conversation or... flirtatious text conversation?). Or perhaps it was because they had had such hard lives – Jack with his dead mother and abusive father, Kaia with her past drug problems, Claire with her dead family, runaway past, and rebellious behaviour. He had sent Castiel really detailed advice and addresses to help Claire choose her first car, good advice for Jack to stand up to a school bully, and a very warm congratulatory text for Kaia’s achievements in her rehab program. As a consequence, Castiel’s family loved Dean – and Castiel had fallen for him just a little more.
“No, we shouldn’t,” Dean agreed, relieved that they’d
Actually, there was one – if Dean didn’t see a thing and didn’t reciprocate, and they remained friends for years… Castiel would be able to love him from afar, hoping that maybe one day something would come out of it. Probably not. And if one day he confessed -- after a dozen years, at the very least -- his embarrassment would likely vaporize him out of existence.
.” He sounded excited and a little bit breathless, as if he was really passionate about the topic.
“I know you do,” Cas whispered.
He slowed down his pace as soon as he was out of Charlie’s earshot, though. Surely he couldn’t ask Cas
“I mean, maybe he’s ace or something,” she said, rolling her eyes again, “but he definitely has romantic feelings.”
He hated this place. His being there felt unnatural, forbidden, unholy. He could feel the portal Jack had opened calling him back, to the land of living humans where he belonged. Couldn’t that stupid portal understand that he belonged here, because that was where Cas was and hiw heart, his soul, his body, his entire body belonged with Cas?
Who was he kidding; of course the warm tingles were still there, because it was
did you just say?" he blurted once he stopped coughing.
Cas gets one step closer, almost embracing him, but not quite – because Cas doesn’t think Dean loves him.
heart.
freckles and his surprisingly green eyes and how nice he was to everybody but you’re not interested?
Castiel never thought Chuck – his own father – hated him so much. It is a good thing that he no longer feels any filial affection to God. He stopped being his father a long time ago, and any love Castiel could have had left died when Chuck killed Jack. Castiel has had another family, a real family, for a long time now. He does not need a capricious, petty, narcissistic deity.
“Yeah,
“Wait, you were flirting?” Castiel asked, whipping his head away to stare at Dean’s face.
“Your family is weird,” Dean mused. “I think I like them, though.” He didn’t seem bothered in the slightest by Gabriel’s antics or by his innuendos.
Castiel looked down. “No. No, nothing like that happened. We just... talked.”
“Too busy seducing Cassie to eat anything?” Gabriel asked with a knowing smile.
Dean wants to slap himself. Why can’t he just be
“Well, here I am,” Dean answered nonchalantly. His hand was still outstretched and waiting for Castiel to take it. It was too good to be true.
Oh, that felt perfect.
?” His tone was unreadable.
“I now pronounce you husbands. Family, friends, loved ones, I have the honor to introduce to you Mr. and Mr. Winchester. You may now kiss!”
“You know what? I’m so tired of him that if you manage to get him back you can keep him. He’ll go to Heaven or Hell or God’s ass when he dies, I don’t even care.”
Dean smiled. “Of course. It’s just – I don’t want you because of the mark or in spite of it, I just want you because – because it’s you.”
“I still am,” Castiel confessed. It was easier to do it now that he knew for sure that Dean had feelings for him... and now that this wasn’t the biggest admission he had to make. “I thought it was obvious.”
He can’t leave with that person without being sure it is Cas. He can’t leave Cas behind.
The second time he doesn’t miss Dean’s forehead.
“It’s nothing,” Castiel says, and shrugs.  He picks up the piece of paper, and walks casually back to the stacks.  As soon as he is obscured among them, he turns around, so he can watch Oraxes.  The demon’s eyes linger on the spot where Castiel has disappeared into the stacks, as if waiting to see if he will re-appear immediately.  When he does not, Oraxes moves, agile and quiet, directly towards Sam’s back.  Sam is so engrossed in the still-growing list of resources on the Mark, that he does not hear him coming over the whir of the ancient hard drive, even when Oraxes is almost upon him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Will you kill them?”  The question is asked without judgement.  Castiel could not care less about the lives of a handful of cultists, if they are a danger to Dean.
, holding so much and holding back so much.  But Castiel had not known what to do with his own hands.  He had just wanted to move his mouth, slowly, against Dean's, so he wouldn't be scared away.  His heart had been beating so fast.
“For you.” He tips over, and falls free, grace deafening around him.
Another nod.  Yes.  “For you, Dean.”  And he makes the cut, shallow and short, just above his left wrist, on the other side of Raphael’s halo from the first cut, the cut that took his soul.  He whispers the Latin, just a few words, a simple incantation, Dean even mouths along.
“You have no services that I have any interest in, creature,” Castiel says darkly.  “Remove yourself from our presence.”  And he steps forward, clearly expecting Oraxes to be out of the space in front of him before his body occupies it.  Oraxes stumbles backwards, nearly ending up on the floor, in his haste to comply.
He thought that maybe he was longing, too.  For Dean. His heart ached, sweetly.  All the time, but especially when he thought of Dean.  And whatever it was that he felt but could not identify, its intensity multiplied when he felt Dean’s longing calling back to him.  Dean's longing amplifying the nameless ache that he felt, too.  Longing calling to longing, he thought it could be, maybe.  Though he didn't know, for sure.  He didn’t even know how to know.
But the human surprises Ishkar.  The human’s face becomes hard, determined.  It looks at Ishkar’s hand again, where its own blood now drips red, the only red in the entire palace, in the entire arctic.  It does not try to wrap its hands with its shirt, it does not summon armor, or gloves, though Ishkar can feel that it could, can see red leather, swirling with that same smoky magic.  This human understands the price, Ishkar thinks.  That is why it does not try to protect itself before it raises both of its hands, and wraps them around Ishkar’s little finger.
He turns.  He looks up.
For one year.  Every night.
Sam swallows.  “Thanks, Cas.”
“What do you mean?”
“‘S an awesome name for a horse, Cas,” Dean agrees.  Sammy got something right, for once.
Its heart must be sweet too, just like its snuggles, and its little huffing breaths and the way it lives for kisses.
“I like to touch you,” Castiel says, sadness mixing with awe in his voice.  “I shouldn’t, but I do.”
“But what did you say, Cas?”  Dean’s voice is a shaky whisper.
he echoes again, and it is too much, the infinite repetition of time and all the stars in the universe looking at him and the impact of a truth he thought was a lie all attacking his brain, all at the same time.
He collapses on the floor of a dungeon in the bunker.  He recognizes it, though he’s usually been on the outside.  There is a devil’s trap on the floor, which, like the walls, is made of rough hewn stone.  Ten feet by ten feet, the cell is empty, windowless, featureless.  An iron door is in front of him, heavy, plain, except for a foot square hole filled with thick, black iron bars. He immediately tries to translocate back to Castiel, but whatever Sam's summoned him with has got its hooks in him deep and he can't poof out.  So instead he roars out his anger, with black eyes, baring his teeth.
“Do you ever feel like jumping, anymore,” he asks, delicately, afraid of the answer.
“Cas, what?  No!”  Dean doesn’t know why he is saying ‘No,’ what he is negating, but he knows that something is wrong.
Dean sniffs.  “Cas, I’m not, I’m not good.  You-- you’re so-- it’s like there’s this light around you, and it crackles, and its so pure, and your eyes--”
Dean slumps with relief, and feels like a jerk for dislodging his pet so rudely.  It had just moved to his chest.  It was probably listening to his heartbeat, or sniffing his shirt, or keeping a lookout while he finished his nap.
Instead, Castiel reaches out towards Dean.  With his whole hand, this time, palm first.  He reaches out and his palm glows with grace that then ripples through the air like satin and covers Dean’s body as it did before, and pulses once before sinking into him.  More grace, than the last times.  A bigger infraction, if Castiel is going to continue to think of his interactions with Dean like that.
The light in the bathroom doesn't flicker, it is even, bright, fluorescent, and Dean squints his eyes like the light is hurting them.  So Castiel turns the lights off.  He calls candles, fat and round and white.  He lights them with his fingertips.
He raises their joined hands to his lips and kisses Castiel's knuckles, softly.  “Cas… I… I.  Thank you.” He presses another kiss to Castiel's forehead,  “I'll fix it up for you, promise.” He will.  He will turn a new armor stand on the lathe himself.  He will travel to Earth, search places that have never been searched, to find a new knife, one sharp and beautiful and precious as Castiel.  He will hang it proudly on the wall, where it will shine.  He will summon greedy Balaam from his palace in Hell and order him to lay Castiel's name down, in gold, wide and proud on the floor.
Castiel nods, jaw clenched, fists tight.  Any other would pay, dearly, for smiling about that, in Castiel's presence.  But he has promised Dean that he would not let Sekhmet provoke him into a knife fight, and so he will not.
But… He feels lost in the space between how triumphal this moment should be and how desolate it is in truth.  He doesn’t understand why he ever thought anyone would be joyful to learn they will be enslaved. He doesn't understand how he was what he was, or how he became what he is right now.  Dean Winchester has undone him. In the past, the present, the future.
And then, appearing from shadow, stepping up to him, wrapping an arm around his waist, melding into his body:  Castiel. Castiel, chest bare and gleaming. Castiel kissing his neck. “You should have let me, Master.”
Heaven must have heard him say this, somehow, and been displeased, because the next moment he doubles over and cries out in pain, hands wrapping around his stomach.
Castiel’s eyes are three quarters lidded over, but Dean can see lightning flashes through the slim opening at the bottom.  His face looks unreal, flickering like that. Dean has not seen this before, but does not want to wake Castiel, or disturb him from his meditation or whatever, so he climbs off carefully, and goes to wash himself with warm water in their shower.
So he came again to the throne room, where he had been subjugated by the angel, hateful one.  He came again when the Master sat the throne and the angel stood at his side.  He came again and he brought Basilisk, one of his creatures, not a demon, not beholden to the King’s mandate.  He brought Basilisk, with the skin of stone.
He thought:  maybe it didn't matter, that he didn't know what to do.
Dean was right to say that she does not like Castiel.  She does not, despite Castiel’s equally correct statement that they have an agreement.  She and Castiel are not friends.  She does not like it that an angel walks among them, and stands so close to the Master.  She does not like knowing that he may come to her burning with archangel’s grace some day, and bend her to his own will, or the Master’s, as he did Hydra and his followers.  She is a storm of steel, fast and deadly, and it has been a long time since anyone has bent her to any purpose but her own.  When Castiel comes to her without his red-gold halo and gold-tipped wings, she
"Crowley?"
“Cas,” he whispers, voice breaking, and he reaches out with both arms, desperate in this gesture but not caring how he seems.  He never sees Castiel in his dreams, anymore.  Only in nightmares.  Only on the rack, only exploding in the cemetery in Thrull.  Only in pain.
How should he want, he wondered, each time he felt that hard sweet tug in his heart.  Should he think of green eyes, staring at him with all the longing of every dark night manifest there?  Should he think of touching Dean's face, gently, with his hands, his fingertips, over and over? Should he think of more?  Dean's lips??  Dean’s body, beneath his...  Should he dare, think of more?
Dean sees.  There he is.  Sunshine.  Honey.  Air.  Emeralds.  Steel.  Heart.  Blood.  Wings.
he hums, and he presses, and his tongue is inside, long and slick, and Dean shifts his weight, one leg to another on Castiel's shoulders, back rolling on the bed, left to right.  “Feels good Cas.  Don't stop.  Please.”
. “Who’s your new friend, there?”  He asks, pointing a hand covered in a bar towel at Castiel.
He waited a week.
---Present---
“What would have been the purpose of that?  Then you would have been momentarily frightened.  Unnecessarily, too.  This way you didn’t have to worry.”  He explains it like it could not be more obvious, voice still full of disappointment, now perhaps that Sam has not grasped his tactics.
.  The weakest, the lowest, of the fold that stood against Dean,  He palms it and slips it into the right pocket of his pajamas.
“This is a hard place to find comfort,” Dean sighs out.
A candle lights inside Castiel, small and soft and warm.  “Tell me.” There has never been anything Castiel has wanted to know this badly.  He clenches his fingers in Dean's shirt again, to keep himself from floating away.
He is terrible, and beautiful, like the winter sea at dawn.
Sam doesn't say anything, so Dean turns to look at him, to try and read his face and gauge whether he is gaining any sympathy.  But Sam's not there when he turns.  Maybe he was never there, maybe Dean hallucinated him.  Maybe he was there but it took Dean a century of bleeding and hurting to turn his head and Sam went away before he finished, forgot him, died, passed on with no one to salt his body for the burial.  He doesn't know.  Could be real, could be illusion, he doesn’t know.
Castiel shivers, from hearing
“Dean--”  Castiel has crawled to the edge of the bed.  He sees the injustice here, it is plain. What the angels took from Dean in memory and what horrors they left him, especially given what they asked of him.  He wants to… Right it. He feels off balance in the immediate presence of this wrong; its presence in Dean's pacing, Dean's distress, right now.
And there is Castiel:  hands shackled high above his head to a worn, splintered, blood stained plank, arms and legs stretched out and straining.  His eyes are red-rimmed and full of tears.  His body is slumped, exhausted, but still tense with pain.  He is damp with sweat, pale from the loss of the blood that seeps from the many cuts on his face, his chest, his arms.
That one, there.  It reminds him of… of lightning?  Of lightning, and Castiel?
The desire to go to Dean is so strong that Castiel’s body shifts, and becomes just a little more corporeal, enough to stir the air, before he can stop himself.
This is a straight-up PWP.  Sorry, not sorry.
He kisses Castiel’s face, soft kisses that begin to linger.  One hand claws in Castiel’s hair, holding his face tight.  One hand slips beneath the band of Castiel’s jeans, holds his ass, brings his body close.  One leg wraps around one of Castiel’s legs.  Every movement of his body brings Castiel closer, closer.
“I would have killed them all.  They did far worse than ‘look at Dean cross eyed’.  They made him party to a Lucifer worshipping ritual.  They tried to summon him away from me.  Several times.  I would have killed them all, killed them immediately.”
“Then we can go back.  Because I will stay by your side and keep you, my charge, my heart, come what may.”
Like many of you, I was disappointed by Cas' declaration of love -> abrogation by Dean -> instant death in 15x18.  Hearing him finally say out loud that he loved Dean after all these years was hugely inspiring to me to continue this fic, but at the same time Dean's utter lack of reaction was disappointing and then Cas' instant death and absence from the series finale even more so.  I decided to come back to this fic and continue it, at least through the couple of chapters that I have long had planned out.  This update represents both a fix-it for 15x18 and a teaser for things to come.  I hope I'll be able to continue at the same standard that I have provided to all of you so far.
Dean grinds once, down onto Castiel, against him.  Their cocks align for a moment and Dean inhales a gasp.  Dean’s arms hold him up for a moment, above, and his head tilts down so he can see Castiel’s body.  It is so perfect, underneath him.  Lean and strong and pale and trembling for him, just for him.  He wonders if all the angels have bodies like this, or if it is only Castiel who is constructed like he was made for Dean, to be everything he ever wanted.  Would Balthazar rise so sweetly, beneath him?  Would Samandriel’s hands be so strong against his back?  He doesn’t think so.  He thinks it’s Cas.  Only Cas.  Only ever Cas.  “Want you, Cas.  Need you.”  He says, short of breath, nudging his nose against Castiel’s shoulder, and he grinds against him again.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel whispered, his voice trembling too.  “I will make you a crown and I will place it on your head and then I will kiss your lips.”
“No, that’s not what I… I mean is this real?  Are you here, with me?”
And then he disappears again, leaving Castiel alone in a library row that stretches on forever in either direction, “How?” formed but not spoken on his lips.  And normally Castiel loves the library, loves how it is quiet and calm, but now it seems sad.  It seems so empty.  The rows go on forever, but there is nothing in them.  Certainly not green eyes.  Certainly not freckles.
“Your advice.”
This was the rule that Castiel had decided, the new wall between them, now that he had smashed through the old one (Don’t go to him.  Don’t see him.  Ignore him.  Ignore his
He opens his mouth, to beg Cas for more, to offer him anything, his soul or his heart or all his powers for
His voice is not only a voice.  It is a wave of air and heat and light.  It is pressure on Dean’s body and tingling on his skin.  It is thunder in the sky, and the anticipation of thunder.  The lightbulbs in the cabin are all already broken and now the wind howls through the grass outside, and the panes of glass in the windows rattle in their frames.
He does not take the time to pity or coddle himself.  He does not deserve it.  For empathizing with Lucifer?  No, he does not deserve comfort.  He wipes the bile from the corners of his mouth with the back of his hand, dries off the book with an edge of his blanket, and keeps reading.
Castiel flaps his wings down, hard, and reaches out the tip of one to slap Balthazar’s glass out of his hand.  He doesn’t make it disappear, he lets it break into shards in a sharp crash against an unseen wall.  “Don’t talk about Dean, like that.”
“But I didn't realize how much could be confessed by touch alone.”
“I don’t even know what that means.  Without my grace, without my Father, without the Host… I don’t even know what that means, Dean.”  He buries his head in his knees.  “I can’t help you, anymore.  I can’t heal you, I can’t fight for you, I can’t save you.  Without my connection to the firmament, I’m nothing.”
“Dean,” he growls, hopelessly.  “Dean,” with another short thrust of his hips.
it was going to hurt, he squeezed his eyes closed and his jaw tight, and counted down from three.  And then, in one violent, excruciating movement, he broke the tree off just where it exited his body, and sat bolt upright.
The angel looked down at him.
“Please Dean, please,” Castiel breathes, just breath, unable to even speak, anymore.
But Castiel did not come back before morning broke.
He obeys, slowly, and one degree at at time, he lifts his head to meet Dean’s gaze with his own.  His breath catches in his chest, and then he stops breathing entirely.  He is seeing Dean’s eyes for the first time.  Without cosmic radiation overlain on them, without the light of his soul leaking out from behind them, golden and blinding.  He is seeing them for the first time, and they have never been this beautiful.  They are green.  So green.  He has never seen green before.  And they are flecked with little specks of gold, a million of them, a pattern like Dean’s freckles but brighter, more complicated.  His lips part and he is lost in trying to see all the details in that pattern.  His left hand rises, of its own volition, and holds Dean’s face, gently, a thumb passing lightly over Dean’s cheekbone.
“Yes, Dean.  I always…. yes.”
back fully arched off the bed.
Castiel takes a moment, hands rigid in Dean’s wings, to breathe, and swallow, and then he opens those crystal eyes, those perfect eyes, and they find Dean’s and his voice is cracked and broken when he says, “Go slow, Dean.  Please.  Go slow for me.”
“You are dead.  You are in Hell.  You will serve him.”  Castiel’s voice is flat and uninflected.
“Oh, and an extra large extra NOT plain catfish, with ALL that cajun stuff, for me.  And a beer. Cheapest, coldest, one you got.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean told you you would like it, too,” Castiel says proudly.
“Hay? What?  No.  Something else?  What?”
Sometimes they don’t talk, for a whole cycle, or more.  Sometimes Dean just lays pillowed in Castiel’s wings, like a pearl, with his hands laced together behind his head, watching the lights swirl in the dark sky like fireworks. Their dance is so complex, it never bores, it is always new, and beautiful.  Sometimes Castiel will let his wing sway gently, like a hammock in the sky.
He thinks about it all day long.  Castiel, inside of him.  He releases the bonds, that prevented him from thinking about it before.  They had grown dusty, brittle and tight.  He shakes them off and he is free.
“Can’t live forever without what’s right, Cas.  Can’t live forever without you.  Don't  wanna. I can deal with a lot of shit, but never that.  Promise me.”
It lasted about a day.  Then, his manageable headache started to throb, and spike, again.  And it was worse, so much worse, now that he remembered what it was like to be able to see and eat and
He thinks he might get a sunburn now, if he doesn’t go retrieve his sunblock before it floats out to sea, but he just can’t find it in himself to care.  Besides, Charlie will probably bring forty-five tubes with forty-five different use cases and be happy to share.
“How did you--”
“Yes.”
“Fuckin’ angel,” Dean growls, as he snaps the last manacle in place, on Cas’ left ankle, and spiders his fingers over Cas’ lean calf.  “Perfect.  How are you always so goddamned good for me?”
, he decided, even if Castiel’s eyes were burning, even if they were the wrong eyes, the bright ones, instead of the sweet ones.  He
“Castiel,” some scream, though his name, too, burns them.  Less than his grace, it burns them, and so they scream it out.  “The angel,” shout others, Naga among them, slightly wiser.  Their voices are like steel screeching on steel.
Dean looks at the berries.  They're small and shriveled, not ripe yet, looks like they  bloomed too soon and froze in the mountain cold. They probably will taste bitter, Dean thinks, absently feeling a leaf between his fingers.  It's furry, and brittle. It falls apart and drifts to the ground like snowflakes, as Dean touches it.
He had no idea, how bad it got, after the Fall.  He knew that Lucifer was not a forgiving or generous leader, not kind or sympathetic, that he had been wrathful after the Fall.  Angry and hurt; twisted and prideful.  But, the pages Castiel turn reveal that he had treated the other Fallen like livestock, not followers, or worshippers.  His own brothers.  Lucifer had hurt and mutilated them in cruel and often pointless ways.  To try to find ways to use their grace, to make himself strong for battle, to raise himself up again, to make himself a new God, to fix the mistakes of his Father.  Castiel reads, and his nausea boils in his stomach, hot and acidic on the back of his tongue, making every swallow taste like bile, every breath burn sour.
“Cas, Cas,” he says it over and over, his hands sliding up into Castiel's wild hair to frame his face.  “Cas.”  He wants to kiss Castiel, take his pink lips between his teeth and bite them red, and raw.  He wants to put his mouth to the place on Castiel's neck where his pulse beats, heavy and strong; he wants to put them on Castiel's Adam’s apple and suck wetly there.  He wants to feel Castiel's stubble against his cheek, his jaw, his chest.  He wants, he wants.  There is so much he wants, but he cannot look away from Castiel's eyes; it is like the phantom hand that gripped them when they swore to each other,
He reaches out his hands and buries them deep in Dean's feathers, runs fingers through them.  It feels like putting his hands in a bowl of lightning.  The shocks travel up his arms, through his whole body, and he shudders.  But he doesn't let go.  He strokes and Dean thrusts in time against him, over and over, Dean's arms caging him in, Dean groaning and kissing and sucking on his shoulders with a wet, hot, mouth.  It feels so good.  Dean is protecting him.  Dean is
, Dean thinks.  The Impala flies forward, on the highway.
“Bah,” Gabriel says, swigging down what’s left in his glass and tossing it carelessly over his shoulder where it disappears before it hits the ground.  “Too puny.  They die so fast, so easy.  I can barely keep track of them.  Except…” His eyes turn inward.
“What do you
Castiel nods, only a small fraction, and the blanket wrapped around Dean transforms.  It becomes a quilt, silk, midnight blue, puffed with eiderdown and edged with thread of silver.  It is the softest fabric Dean has ever touched. It holds in his warmth, without suffocating him, or making him too hot.  Dean tenses, and waits for it to burn him or strangle around him, but it doesn't.
Dean thinks,
I like this chapter a lot.  A LOT.  I hope you do too.
Dean groans into Castiel’s neck, and his hips rock reflexively against Castiel’s body.  He reaches behind him, for one of the manacles, and locks it reverently over Castiel’s wrist.
“There are 9 more volumes.  You can have them all, if you want.  Dean told me, to give you anything you want, from the library.”
room in Hell without Dean before, of course, but never in a room that was only Dean’s, like the one in the bunker.  He wonders if it would feel as strange as being in Sam’s room without Sam.  Maybe more strange, more like he was betraying some implicit trust?  Or less strange, like he was more at home, more welcomed?  He puts this question out of his mind by resolving to find out for certain, by visiting Dean's room, when he is done re-packing Sam’s bag.
“More, Dean, please, more,” Castiel begs, his voice crazed, desperate.  His hair is wild, from Dean’s hand lost in it, from the salt spray of the falls blowing against it.
guy, what was his name?  Dean can’t remember.   It’s probably not him.  Doesn’t matter anyway.  “I… I… I do, Unholiness.”  Dean rolls his eyes again.
He thought:  maybe it didn't matter, that he didn't know what to do.
*So many tears, for these two poor, star-crossed, motherfuckers.*
.  It lit him
“I didn't give him what he asked for, at first, though I think I did give him exactly what he wanted.”
Dean pushes back Castiel's hand, blushes, looks away--
The son who owes nothing to Hell, or its mandates.  Who has no bonds, anymore.  Or only to his dead father.
Another slap in the face.
cold,
“Castiel,”
This is not like being an angel again.  This is like being an angel that has snorted all the cocaine in the all world and followed it up with strapping himself to the fastest satellite flying the highest over the Earth and then setting his face on fire.  This is what it feels like to be able to do anything.
Dean drops his head in a laugh.  “Then you have to ask.  But I probably won’t tell you, because I’m an asshole.”
He looks up into those eyes, that flash.  And he
“What does it mean to you, Cas, when you call me that?  ‘Hero’?”
Dean considers this. "Go on,"
and I thought it during the Siege-- I was so
, she thinks, but keeps it to herself.
Now Dean is lying in the Garden again.  The racks are gone, the dark is gone, the screams are gone.  The flickering shadows, gone.  Here, the grass is soft under his back, and tickles his neck where it is bare.  Flowers have grown in around his place on the ground, since last he was here, indigo shaded forget-me-nots, and they lean heavy-petaled over him, brushing his chest and casting long-fingered shadows.  Their scent is light and floral and surrounds him in a delicate cloud.
“But now I think…” and he pauses again.  Dean lets him, again.
“Cas,” Dean's hand is shaking when it comes down on Castiel's chest, fingers gripped to Castiel's collarbone like they are gripping the edge of a cliff with a long fall beneath. He doesn't know why his hand is shaking.  He's seen Cas before, touched him before.  Maybe because they are not in Hell.  Maybe because Cas is so beautiful, in the light. Maybe because Castiel sang that he was the sun.  Maybe because he is trying so hard to feel, so Cas can feel it too.  Trying so hard to feel, instead of trying so hard not to.  It's almost too much, this trying, he's not used to it.  But Cas…  For Cas.  Castiel deserves to feel what Dean feels, what is so hard for Dean to say.  Castiel sang that Dean was the
Gabriel raises his glass and his eyebrows.  He doesn't know what that feels like, either.  All his long years, all the powers of the firmament, and he doesn't know what it feels like.
The human startles, looks up at Ishkar, from where its gaze was fixed on Ishkar’s hand.  “Really?  That easy?”
, he dreams.
“Also empty.”
He recognizes all of this, but it doesn’t matter.  He’s not sure he could stop himself now, if he tried.  He looks right into her eyes, green into gold.  His mouth opens, and the first word he tries to form comes out as only a croak.  He looks away, and clears his throat, then looks at her again.  She is still smiling.
Because right now, even while he is reading, he is turning his face towards Lucifer's star once more, seeking it out to guide him in the cold, black, Pit.  Alone and desperate and afraid, he has sought out Lucifer’s advice, across death and the Cage and thousands of years.  Soon there will be another horrible chapter in this detestable book that Castiel will empathize with, too directly.  Because whatever Lucifer did to steal grace from his brothers’ halos, no matter what it is, no matter how it makes Castiel’s stomach turn, he already knows he’s going to do it.  Father help him, he's going to do it.
Eyes that shined with faint hope before this final pronouncement all drop back down to the floor like they are weighted with lead.  One of the nameless demons whines wordlessly, and slumps to his knees against the wall.
of them, too many to count, each one a perfect, crystalline star.  They wrap around each other, spiraling upward, outward, to the edges of Dean’s vision and beyond, moving so fast that Dean feels like he is falling, though he is stationary on the hard, wet, moss-covered rock of the cliff.  The stars swirl and pulse, so many of them, in so complex a pattern, that it fills all of Dean’s mind until it is expanding at the edges.
He sighs softly, before he speaks again.  “Need you like this, Cas.  Beautiful and safe, out in the light. The Pit…” he hangs his head, “it's not right.  Not right for me to keep you cooped up.  Down in the darkness all the time.  This is where you should be.”  Castiel feels a sharp pang of guilt, through the bond.  It is too familiar, that pang.
.  In that way he says Dean’s name like it is
Crowley’s smirk deepens.
But this could also go so wrong, in so many ways.  And not all of them only bad for Dean and Castiel; it’s not real safe for Sam Winchester to wander around like a little lost lamb in Hell.  Dean grits his teeth.
He should spread his wings.  He should leave this place, as fast as he can.  There are more demons, in the Pit, than Castiel has slain, and they will come, soon, another wave of smoke and teeth.  His garrison is decimated, retreating, they will not come to his aid if he is attacked again.  He should go.  But his charge… His charge is so weak, so broken, and he clutches Castiel's hand to him so desperately, so hard, even though it burns him, and Castiel has never felt like this before.
This is when he realizes something is wrong.  Dean isn’t the kind of guy who slumps down in a corner at the first sign of trouble.  Especially when the source of the trouble is only his
He pauses, unsteady.  He doesn’t know how to continue, he doesn’t know how to explain the images in his mind, mirror bright and so sharp, and he doesn’t know how to explain how they make him feel, like a rubber band stretched until it has been drawn thin enough to snap, and he doesn’t know how to explain the grace surging under his skin, surging towards Dean.  All of that, and too, he doesn’t want to lie.
Gabriel nodded slowly, in agreement, thoughtful.  They all sat in silence for a minute or two, Balthazar sipping his scotch, Gabriel peering angrily up at the empty ionosphere, dancing his index fingers back and forth to help him think, Castiel sniffling behind his wings.
The pile on Dean’s nightstand got a lot bigger.   Bartholomew.  Zachariah.  Ion.  Uriel.  Gadreel.  Dean thinned the ranks of Heaven one by one, deadly, determined, single-minded, striking like a snake while Castiel slept, vicious and deadly, and then returning to the safety of Hell.
“No.” Castiel squeezes Dean's hand in his own and takes Dean's face in his other, to hold his gaze, hold it tight with sapphire eyes.  He speaks slowly and certainly, each word precise and confident, completely serious, completely deadpan, though Dean was playful.  “I want your Name tattooed on my neck in blood, because I want everyone that sees me to know that I belong to you, forever.  I want to cut out the eyes of anyone that looks at you, because you are only for me.  I want to HURT anyone that hurts you. I want to feel everything you feel.  I want our souls to be so entwined, so mixed up in each other, so tightly bound, that they are no longer two, but one.  I want that FOREVER, Dean.  That's what I want. That's the only way it could ever be enough.  Enough of you.  It still might not be.  Even after forever.”
They laughed together. That was when Cas noticed that they had been inching closer, closer, closer still, and he could feel Dean’s breath on his face. He had to close his eyes, because this was happening.
Now – now, he has to admit to himself, that maybe it was all pretences, that maybe there are just things that he never was able to... that he kept some things hidden, because... He doesn’t know why.
“Strange.”
“The answer is no,” Claire said drily.
each other. That’s not what I want.”
“Don’t be afraid,” Cas whispered.
. “And one day Balthazar asked me to participate in his art project – he was an art student—”
Wrapped in the hugs of his entire family, it was easy to forget about all his problems for a few moments and to relish in the warmth and the safety and the love they gave him.
In the seconds that followed the question, plenty of possible outcomes came and hit Dean right in the heart. He had plenty of time to wonder how his heart would be broken. It was almost taking
It doesn’t hurt less, though. It hurts more, because Cas is dead, and Dean can’t tell him, and they can have nothing, and Cas died not knowing.
“No.”
He doesn’t want this moment to end. He doesn’t want Dean to be consumed by doubt, either. He needs to do something. So Castiel raises his hand, and touches Dean’s face too.
Cas was gone, and Dean was frozen on the spot, and he couldn’t understand, and he couldn’t talk – what could he say, what was happening – and Cas was dead now, once again, and Dean didn’t even tell him goodbye, didn’t even –
Dean hates her –
“Cas, buddy, it was!” Dean laughed. “This fucker really deserved that. And the way you talked to him, and you looked at him – man, that was
He has faith.
“It’s a nice name,” Dean beamed.
“Not planning to,” Dean answered, stealing another open-mouthed, messy kiss before going back to worshipping Cas’s neck and drinking in Cas’s moans.
Dean mumbled something unintelligible in answer.
The rest was all blurry. All he knew was that Cas was caressing him, or stroking him, or how do you even call it when it’s passionate yet full of love and tenderness? And he was doing the same to Cas; and they were going at it quicker, and quicker, and quicker. It was becoming messy and frantic and Dean knew he should be more coordinated and better at jerking Cas off because Cas deserved the best first time ever; but Cas was whimpering, “Dean, Dean, Dean,
“More times than you want to know.”
“Cas,” Dean answered in kind, his gaze intense.
ask for his? Did he invite you to go out? Did he say he liked you? Anything at all?”
they had all waited all night for him to come home – out of curiosity, but also in case things turned out badly.
in Castiel’s eyes during the entirety of Benny and Andrea’s wedding, and he remembered what had happened as soon as they got home even more vividly. Too bad he only wore tuxedos for weddings.
“No, I’m not.”
“Didn’t expect you to see so soon,” the Empty adds, her voice bored. “Daring of you to bother me while I’m trying to
The best man nodded. He looked a little taken aback by Castiel’s curtness, but he was still smiling. He had
“Ooh, serious guy, aren’t you?” Dean said with a smirk. “You should relax, I’m sure you have plenty of good pics already. Besides, the party’s over. Cinderella went home already.”
He had made progress, though. He had learnt the complex science of texting and emojis. He had had conversations with Dean, about their families and their lives and silly little things. Castiel had told Dean about his childhood with his mother Naomi and his absent father, and Dean had told him about his own parents and about the people he held dear; Castiel had sent anecdotes about the weddings he attended and Dean had replied with stories of the strangest clients he’d ever met.
mention was the wedding invite crisis.”
Jack doesn’t have his mojo any longer, and he isn’t related to Cas – not by blood, anyway. Dean knows family don’t end in blood, but the universe and magic are stupid – not surprising, they’ve been created by Chuck.
He died thinking he wasn’t loved back, Dean realises, and it’s as if someone punched him in the stomach.
Dean closed his eyes as a wave of warmth washed through him. Cas wanted
It made Castiel a little bit braver.
Meg’s yes was so emphatic it woke Trickster up. He opened one eye, looked at them, sighed and promptly fell back asleep. He was used to their chaotic behaviour, after all.
. All the time.”
He’s almost there. Almost. If only, if only.
"You literally asked a random stranger if they would mind you going to your knees for them," Claire sneered.
“It – really?”
“Hello, Cas,” he said.
“Where is Jack now?” he asked.
The Empty blinks, then laughs. “Why am I even surprised? This angel is a
Castiel looked at the meadow where the party was taking place. The newlyweds had left, two of the witnesses were drunk-dancing together, and Rowena was nowhere in sight. Perhaps Dean was right. He gratefully accepted the slice of cake.
“Chuck – God – absorbed Amara. He is the most powerful being in the universe now. You and him are the only cosmic beings left. And he’s destroying our world right now as we speak. He won’t leave you alone. He wants to be the only master of everything. He plotted to destroy Amara. He did the same with Billie. He won’t let you sleep. And I think he’ll destroy you, too. He wants to start over, to control everything.”
He was sleeping half the time, on the brink of a blackout, lulled by the familiar and oh-so-real rocking of the car. He felt, however, when he was being carried again; he felt a breeze of fresh air on his face.
They were idiots.
well, in hindsight.
“It’s a very long silence, buddy,” Dean said, clearing his throat and trying to sound…
?” Balthazar complained with a disgusted frown.
“No,” Dean said. He wasn’t so sure of that, but whatever. All that mattered now was Cas’s hungry eyes on him. He felt his cock harden under this gaze and butterflies spreading in his stomach, and his heart drumming in his chest.
Licking, sucking, biting, nibbling -- as it turned out, Cas loved all of that. He writhed under Dean when Dean sucked on it, and moaned his name every time Dean’s tongue rolled on the sensitive flesh, and his back arched when he gave an experimental bite. He reached to the other nipple with his hands and rubbed it lightly, only to discover that Cas really,
Dean was shit with words. He’d always been better with actions. Show, don’t tell. Maybe he couldn’t tell Cas that he meant the world to Dean, and that he filled every hole in Dean’s heart and in Dean’s life, and that without him Dean was nothing more than an empty shell, and that Dean wanted him to stay in his arms forever and never leave.
“Yes, they are. Metaphors about riding, honestly, kiddo, I’m ashamed you didn’t pick up on it.”
“Alright.”
"Cas is in love with you."
herself.
“Then
“It’s nice that you’re pretending to care about cars for my sake,” Dean laughed.
Charlie’s eyes on him grew full of pity, so he scolded his features into something smooth and unconcerned, because he couldn’t let her
She laughs, but it sounds as empty as she is. Dean swallows, penibly. She is thinking about it. Hope points its pretty yet ugly head in Dean’s heart. He hates hope; this bitch has never been good for him.
“You sure you’re okay?” he asked tentatively.
“Yes,” Dean eventually answered.
feelings, but about Cas’s as well. And if he thinks about it – he doesn’t want to, but his mind goes there without his permission – everybody knew, actually. Sam. Mom. Charlie. Bobby. Every angel and every demon they met.
Cas was strongly reminded of Dean’s face when he found him in Purgatory, and after that, too, when Cas came back to Earth, and when Naomi’s control over him broke, and when Cas came back from the Empty, three years ago.
“I want,” he said a little breathlessly, “I want you. All of you. I want to touch you, and taste you, and-- and…” He wanted to say ‘make love to you’ but that sounded too cheesy. He knew he’d end up being cheesy at some point, because he was holding the love of his life in his arms and that would make him all sugary and lovey-dovey, he had no doubts on that; but now it just felt out of place. But he couldn’t say ‘I want to fuck you and I want you to fuck me,’ because it wasn’t that, it was
And he still didn’t answer.
“Did you make a joke? A good one?” Dean asked, laughing.
“It doesn’t matter anyway,” Castiel said decisively. “He was
“Wait, Meg’s a doctor?”
They tried again, and this time –
“Thank you.”
They already saw each other pretty much every day, what with Cas and Dean’s flat being located close to everyone’s house, but it was different seeing them all here, gathered to celebrate their love. Their
Dean had to lick his lips, and he saw Cas’s eyes follow the movement. Now that he was thinking of it… well, that was something Cas did often.
“Castiel Shurley, do you take Dean Winchester to be your legally wedded husband?”
That was when Dean realised. Why was it taking so much time?
She gestured nonchalantly towards the black rift opened behind her. “Get in here, Winchester. He’s waiting for you on the other side. Get him back... if you can.”
,” Cas said, and perhaps he rolled his eyes a little.
“Which is actually a lot more terrifying,” Bal muttered.
“I’m Willy Wonka, kiddo,” Gabriel answered, looking offended. “The King of Candy?”
than that, it wasn’t a quick, unimportant fuck, it was bigger and better. “I want to be in you, and I want to feel you in me,” he eventually settled for. And, fuck, that was even worse, he’d let out too much.
“If we want to defeat God, we need Cas,” Dean adds. His voice sounds broken, and he wishes it were firmer. “Chuck can control me, he can control Sam, and Jack, and everyone else on Earth – human, monster, demon, angel. We’re all part of his story. You probably are, too. Cas is the only one who isn’t. We can’t defeat God without Cas.”
Dean opened his eyes again to admire the angel asleep in his arms, this unique being who loved him, this wonderful angel who was his, and he thought that perhaps Cas was wrong. There was happiness in being, and in simply loving, and in saying it, but the greatest happiness of all was still having. Having Cas in his arms, and having his love.
It was getting dark and the stars were already shining in the sky, bathing the two of them in their light.  The music was diminishing as they walked away from the party. Their walk was peaceful, and silent – but once again, it wasn’t an uncomfortable silence. Castiel had always thought true love was in the way silences were a sort of comfortable peace; you didn’t need to speak, you just enjoyed the other’s presence. He had been right, as he was finding out.
be happier than he was simply saying it.
But Cas hadn’t cummed, Dean realised belatedly. He could still feel Cas’s hard cock, so hard that he couldn’t fathom how Cas hadn’t orgasmed already.
“Consider your dance saved.”
Dean can’t breathe. It’s like his heart has stopped beating. Because Cas said it, once again.
“You’re Castiel’s family,” Dean said. Castiel could see it then, the way he focused on Gabriel and stood a little straighter as if to make a good impression – good Lord. “You like candy – you must be Gabriel.”
“So, erm, what you want is—a relationship. A romantic relationship,” Dean said, searching his face.
“I don’t mean it that way, no,” Cas answered, perplexed.
“Yes,” Cas whispered back against his lips. It sent shivers down Dean’s spine, the way he could feel Cas’s breath on his lips. “But it can’t be true. You can’t--”
Dean looked gobsmacked. He blinked, once, twice, very quickly, and swallowed quite laboriously, as if something were struck in his throat. “I – uh. Love. Love is divine. Love is in everything. Love is the answer. Yeah. Makes sense.”
So Cas does the best he can. “I’ll try my best, Dean, I promise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d only been God for what, a week? and he’d already learnt how to speak riddles. Great.
Castiel looked down at his white coat and the stethoscope thrown around his neck. “I learned about the LARPing thing a little late. I didn’t have the time to go and buy a good disguise, so Meg stole those from the resident home she works in.”
“I love you, Cas.”
His phone is buzzing. The ground is stone cold. His heart is beating like mad. Tears run down his face, warm, salty. It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters; everything’s a dream. Nothing is real except that Cas is dead. Dead, gone, dead again, dead forever.
“It can’t be real,” was Cas’ answer. He looked stupefied and a little out of it still.
found his dad back. Sam joined in the hug, laughing and smiling and crying, and Eileen’s smile was impossibly wide.
, he promises himself. Soon, they’ll do that. It’s something that can happen, now.
As Castiel was thinking that, someone tapped on his shoulder lightly, and Dean’s voice rang in his ear. “Heya, Cas!”
“Why not?” she answered nonchalantly, looking straight at the TV as if she couldn’t care less what Dean did. “Ask him. What do you have to lose? You’re convinced he isn’t in love with you, right? Then you’ll know for sure and you’ll get rid of any doubt the Big Bad Charlie put into your mind.” She looked up at him. “Unless you’re afraid he’ll say no and you’ll lose all hope.”
Castiel had wanted home and safety, and at the time, what he had had was a promise of future passion and everlasting love, something that felt too big and too beautiful and too terrifying for him, something that looked like a mistake on his skin.
Well. Maybe that was for the better. A ‘no’ would be better for him, and for Cas. He would be able to stop dreaming of impossible things. He would stop thinking unnamable, shameful things about his best friend. He would be free from wanting and hoping… and Cas would be free of Dean’s stupid dreams too.
Castiel could only nod, once, twice. The lump in his throat was too big for him to speak.
“It was
inside and out, Castiel’s doom and Castiel’s hope at the same time...
Dean shook his head. His hands started drawing circles on Castiel’s back. “Actually – um. It wasn’t destiny, exactly. Or chance meetings, either. After Sam and Eileen’s wedding, we just – recommended you and Rowena to Garth and Bess, you see? Because you guys were great. And after we met at their wedding, you and I, I – I found you very cute – I mean I liked you the first time we met, but I didn’t think you were interested at all because you kinda rejected me, but the second time around you didn’t—”
“You waxed poetry about his
“No, I shouldn’t,” Dean said to himself.
“I’m glad Charlie and Dorothy are married,” Dean said. “I told you Charlie was like a little sister to me, right?”
Still silence.
Cas simply frowns. “I do not believe this curse is angelic in nature, Dean.”
Then he looked on his right, for some reason, he didn’t even know why, because he was supposed to be focusing on Jo and Anna getting married... and there was Dean, sitting in one of the rows and smiling.
“Fancy place, or—”
Should he hug the kid or…? Jack was God after all, he might not like it. And Dean had been nothing but horrible to him all this time. Looking back on it, Dean didn’t even know why. It was just Jack, shy, nice, innocent little Jack, who made terrible mistakes but who wasn’t a bad kid. Dean hated himself for what he’d done to him, and because of that, he went and hugged Jack.
Out of nowhere, Castiel collides with someone.
“Cas?” he said. He had wanted to say something, but he had forgotten what and the word came out as a question instead. Dean didn’t know what the question was.
He knows that Cas is watching him curiously, and he wonders what Cas thinks.
He closed his eyes and waved his hand in front of him, intensely focused. After a few minutes,
He still hadn’t met Dean, though.
After all these years... impossible...
“No, you don’t! What I mean is—” Dean ran a hand through his hair. “I want
“She will, but she’ll do it with subtlety,” Kaia said. “Unlike you.”
Dean remained just as silent. And then, slowly, a smile blossomed on his lips. He let out a small, bewildered laugh.
. Cas is back, his hand warm and alive in his. He can see his face, his beautiful face, and the confusion and surprise and joy painted on it; he can see Cas’s chest move as he breathes in and breathes out; he can see the light in Cas’s blue eyes.
,” she adds with a smile, and Dean swears he’s never wanted to punch someone that hard before. It only seems to amuse her more.
“He said so. He said several of his friends are going to get married soon, so I suppose we’ll meet again.”
“But you get delicious, head-spinning romance out of subtlety!” Rowena protested. “Which is what Castiel wants, don’t you, sweetie? And this handsome stranger was giving you that—”
He knew Cas had stood up to leave and avoid whatever was coming. He knew what Cas was feeling -- that it couldn’t be true, and that he’d rather not be here when it all fell down.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew already, but he was too tired to care. “That’s a problem for future Cas,” as Dean would say, because sometimes, enjoying the moment was all you got. Happiness tended to escape as soon as you looked it in the face, Cas knew that better than anyone else now. The real happiness was in the small moments, in living them fully, without questioning or doubting or wanting or regretting. Perhaps happiness wasn’t to be found, perhaps it was just everywhere and you only had to seize it and relish it when things got dark and desperate.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, and there was
“More?” he asked.
The person moves, suddenly. Dean feels oh-so-soft fingers on his face, brushing on his jaw, on his cheek, on his nose, on his brow.
Dean  gets closer, ever so slowly. He is terrified, terrified beyond words, but he has to do it, he wants to do it. If he can’t say it – he can show it. He can
“Tell the others what?” Dean asked.
“As I understood later, you have no clue when people flirt with you.”
The thing was, the title of 'little sister' was fitting for another reason. At times, Charlie could be
Dean was carrying him by that point, and stabbing the tentacles away with his free hand. It reminded Castiel of Hell, of when he had rescued Dean’s soul from the demons. He had had to carry him too, after convincing Dean to trust and follow him (that hadn’t been easy). He had had to fight demons away until they reached the way out. He knew Dean didn’t remember any of it, not on a conscious level, but sometimes he wondered –
He can smell Cas’s smell, now, though – ozone and honey, a strange combination that Dean has always found incredibly attractive. It smells like home, like a promise. In his dreams, where he is braver than he really is, Dean often burrows his head in the crook of Cas’s neck and breathes Cas in. Little did he know it was something that he could have – that it was his for the taking.
Gabriel’s smile was just a shade shy of bitter. Castiel couldn’t help but feel sad for him – every time Gabriel thought he had found love, it escaped him. That time with Kali had hurt especially hard. Castiel thought sometimes that there might be something between Gabriel and Rowena... but if there was, they never talked about it.
A dark rift opens in front of him, and the same black slime that came out to take Cas creeps from it into the room. It takes a form, slowly, slowly.
Deep breath in, deep breath out.
Dean was tired, but he felt the butterflies in all his body all the same.
“I want you too,” Cas said. He grabbed Dean’s legs and brought him closer, and suddenly instead of lying on Cas Dean was straddling him, and their erections were touching-- oh
Dean blushed some more, but nodded. “I’ll be back.”
Cas started and moaned. “Dean!” he let out, breathlessly.
, he almost said, and then he realised, it was true: they were meant for each other. Or perhaps they had found each other in the chaos of the world, perfect for each other, and if they worked on it and let the flame blossom, it would be forever.
back.
“Cas,Iloveyoutoo.”
Castiel only realised they had been standing there, staring into each other’s eyes, when a cheerful “hi, bitches!” boomed near them.
“Oh, sorry to wake you up,” he says, sarcastic.
He turned to Castiel then, his shirt fully buttoned up, a nervous smile dancing on his lips.
“A crack in his chassis,” Naomi whispered. Chuck echoed her, sternly. “A crack in his chassis.”
“We lost so much time.”
And he said it in his mind and in his heart too, praying it to Cas, in the hopes that Cas would hear.
He finds nothing, nothing, nothing. He keeps praying, but nothing happens.
Dean couldn’t believe his ears. He let out a laugh that was half-mirth and half-surprised. “You’ve been thinking about this for some time, huh, kid?”
, not at Cas.
He was smiling, and Gabriel was right – he was barely looking at Gabriel, because his entire attention was on Castiel – how come Castiel hadn’t seen it before? Those green eyes didn’t leave for one moment, and the way they were looking at him...
“Perhaps,” Castiel admitted.
was why the best man felt the need to come and talk with Castiel. He wanted to thank him for signing for the bride – Eileen – and for not feeding them the whole ‘you should only marry your soulmate’ discourse. It made sense.
“Looks like it,” Dean nodded, and his voice was full of glee. His face was softer than ever.
Dean shook his head and looked around them, frowning. His face was sad. “
Damn, Cas was making it so difficult. Cas always made things difficult without even knowing it. But he also made things simpler, sometimes. It was also so easy to feel good and happy and loved and worthy and hopeful when Cas was there.
“You had a shot with the hot best man and you
“Yes,” Dean dutifully answered when he regained his ability to speak.
What if Cas--
He has found Cas. So is
Dean gave him a smile – small, secretive, as if they understood each other and were sharing something only they knew about – and went back to take care of Castiel’s injuries.
“Amazeballs!” Gabriel exclaimed. “Problem solved. Dean Winchester is somewhere on the LGBTQ+ spectrum.”
“Of course, I do,” Cas answered. His low voice always sent shivers down Dean’s spine, but these words... These words were special.
It was what Castiel loved best about their house. He loved coming home and touching the mezuzah on their doorway. He loved the smell of the candles from Gabriel’s shrine and Rowena’s altar (and the many talismans and crystals lying around the house), and to contribute to them with whatever he found in nature during his lone photography sessions. He loved that Kaia’s handmade dreamcatcher hung above his bed watching over him when he was most vulnerable, and that in his pillow was a charm Rowena made him to sleep better – it smelled like lavender and chamomile and peppermint, it smelled like home.
Just before the tip of the pen touches his skin, Sam reaches out, toward him.  “Woah!  Right now?  Just like that?  What about Dean?”
“Are you sure?  There’s nothing else you want to--”
Castiel does not let him finish, because then he will have to hunt Crowley down and kill him, mandate or no mandate, even if he is the only ally Cas has left.  Dean belongs to
“It means… You are the reason I came down from the sky.  You are the one that was so fierce, so bright, that you had to be saved, so I flew.  You are the one that killed Heaven, for me, so I could be saved, when I Fell.”
The tattoos are on Dean's right side, and today Castiel palms Dean's left nipple with his right hand as he traces each line of ink. His left hand claws in Dean's hair, holding Dean's head back, his throat bare, so that his tongue will be able to follow every mark, all the way up Dean's neck.  His body rides against Dean's, forward and back with the tip of his tongue.  The choir that has been growing inside him chants in a minor key, rising and falling with the rhythm of their bodies.  When Dean arches against him, his teeth bite down on the tendon in Dean's neck.
Dean's fingers stir gently in Castiel's hair.  Dean's breath is warm on the back of Castiel's neck.  Dean covers Castiel's body with his own, hands on hands, arms over arms, chest to back, legs around legs, and sweeps tarry wings forward to hide him from the eyes of the demons.  “Beautiful,” he whispers in Castiel's ear.
His skin still sparks with tiny lightning that strikes under his heart, where Dean reached into him, and spreads out into the rest of his body following the network of his veins.  And he wants.  He wants Dean inside of him, again.  But he also wants his name,
But it is too late.  Castiel falls to his knees, as light shoots out of his eyes and mouth.  His mind is opened up, as with a scalpel, and every moment since the siege empties out, into a vacuum.  The cabin. The blanket. The blackberries. The empty place. Gone, gone, gone, gone.
“What happens if I say ‘No’?”
Castiel pulls Dean in close to him, by the wrist he has grabbed.  He is so soft with Dean, and careful, despite what they are about to do. “It's OK, Dean.  I know how.” He says it calmly, though he is talking about the worst possible violence, about total obliteration.  “I know how. Uriel will find justice. I will give it to him.”
His hand diverts from its path to Dean’s neck, and instead grips him on his other shoulder, holding him out, away from his own body with both hands.
He had left Castiel cold and alone and afraid, and he needed to make him warm and safe again.  He needed to show him the love without words that filled up his heart.
, Dean thought.
He sends it to Charlie.
“Then I will armor you.”  Cas says, with great solemnity.
I am brainheartpizza on tumblr (https://www.tumblr.com/blog/brainheartpizza). I post unedited excerpts between AO3 updates.
Dean knows that’s not the real reason now, though, if it ever was.  His skin is perfect; pale and smooth, marked only by his freckles and tattoos set there by Castiel’s own hands.  The Mark would not allow him to be otherwise.  It has made him murderous, but it has not made him grotesque.  No, it heals him; he doesn’t have a scrape, a bruise, even a hangnail, anywhere on his body.  Castiel knows this.  Castiel checks him, every inch, every time, just the same.
for this angel to give him what he wants, what he needs.
Completely cold.  No embers. He reaches to his pocket, instinctively, for his lighter.  But it is not there. Castiel did not recreate it, when he raised Dean.  His pocket is empty.
It’s a terrible plan.  But it’s better than lying in a corner scraping at the floor; almost anything would be, and it’s all he’s got.
He did not wake up alone, but that didn’t mean the collection of halos was finished.  It grew.  Every time he woke, it grew.
