“Peter? The poor kid will not be ready to see
“Just outside the garage,” he says with a breathless voice and then adds on a whim, “He was trying to show me some stupid invention, I told him it wouldn’t be safe to use, but-“
“I can’t lose you, too-“
Far in the back of his mind his father has the intended effect on him with that calm voice he always uses, when he knows how terrified Peter is, but all he is able to focus on is the smell of whiskey and the rough underlying tone in his dad’s voice that puts him on edge.
“Ever seen one up close, kid?” he suddenly addresses Peter and comes to a stop beside one of the wings to pat it caringly.
Something is off. Besides their talk of his father losing his marbles.
“I’m losing it.”
…Maybe Rhodey is already back?
people. It unravels something tight in his chest, something he tries to pull back but doesn’t have the strength for anymore. “No,” he replies with resent that isn’t aimed at his uncle. He knows – of course he does, of all the people still here he has to know best, but it doesn’t make it any better, quite the contrary. His calm “I understand.” makes it all worse and for a moment Peter wants to yell at him how he doesn’t understand
Not silently though.
“Why are we here?”
“Told me what?”
What did he mean?
“I think that's his favorite thing about me, right, babe?”
Fingers slid against his temple, pulling a soft sting against his skin as he shifted against a lap.
“I need an answer, hon. I’ll have them buy you a pink one with rainbows. You probably fit in teen clothes at this point.”
The silence was deafening.
He tried pulling from the hold, fighting with as much strength as he could muster, but it wasn’t much as soon he was staring right back into those eyes.
“Somethings going on,” fingers ran through his hair behind him, “and I am trying to figure it out on my own here. But, only you can tell me what you need, so let me in.”
The pause was quick before a soft sigh broke the silence.
“I’m here, I love you too.”
“If you what?”
“Yes or no?”
He continued to slam his fingers against the keyboard, typing until the map crushed his lungs inside his chest. The marking of Steve’s location dropped him to the ground, eyes pouring a flood of tears down his cheeks as the first sob suffocated him.
“Tony-”
His fifth session.
The suit under his fingers was so cold, it soothed the burning of his joints and the beard scraping against his temple grew into comfort for the first time in years. Relief flooded into his veins and for once hope dared push against his conscience. His swollen, crushed fingers rose until they found solace around the familiar neck and tightened as much as they could. Damp cheeks pushed into the hold and his gasps made no sounds as they fought to escape.
“Pal, you can’t get this sweater wet, you know that. We can put it back on after.”
The water was warm, a huge transition from the drink which was a major difference he thought about. Each different texture, from sweaters and needles, to different temperatures, smoothies to water, to even different smells, Tony’s cologne and the pungent medication. Opposites are more anchoring and lying against the seat he coughed out a bit of the remaining taste.
The forearms pressing into his stomach lessened their hold, lowering just enough to raise his shirt as the sound of water snapped him back into reality.
“Good morning, Mr. Rogers-”
“Today is Saturday. There should- how bad have you been zoning out since I left?”
“Steve-”
Recognizing the tune he cut his next slog, flashes of the feeling of Tony against him the night of their wedding. He remembered the weight of the head against his chest, arms running up and down his back as friends and family gathered around their elated stances. The idea that he did not have to be the strong one for once, letting himself take a turn leaning against his best friend as they danced in the presence of the sun going down. The orange and pink sky turned them into silhouettes as glasses clinked together and the words of the song drifted through his mind.
He let himself fall into the soldiers chest as he was lifted, legs wrapped around the sturdy frame as he walked away toward the side bathroom.
“I’m not russian, Stark.”
The gasp brought a smile to his face, staring at the cartoon as feet ran behind him and he could tell the man was standing toward the edge of the counter.
His hands shot up in evidence, holding the tension in the air for a second before tossing it out the window.
“I told myself I was fine.”
“I don’t want to.”
He wondered where his own wedding ring was.
Another breath and he leaned into Tony’s shoulder, nodding and letting go of the grip to wrap his arms around the man’s waist.
Buck took over a lot of the physical therapy, Tony was usually still here, but recently he had been in an out with something business related. Given it was only during PT, so an hour every couple days, but it was enough to give Bucky some time alone with him. He found himself beginning to move a lot more, they wanted him to start sitting up and walking soon, but that terrified him. The moment he became independent he would be left alone and people could sneak in corners. They could linger around the shadows and strike the moment no one was paying attention, so he was fine like this. At least until they became annoyed with him, when they would threaten to leave he would pace himself.
Nothing was as it used to be and he was beginning to fall back into the waves, drowning in the icy depths all over again until a familiar hand reached in and pulled him out.
“Hey, calm down, sweetie. Don’t do that, do like I showed you.”
“Steve, you- Jesus-”
“You’re alright, baby,” the chuckle wasn’t one of judgement, just admiration as he ran a finger down the side of his face.
But stick with me!
“I don’t owe him anything! I don’t owe you anything- you left me in that bunker and now you are calling me on a phone you gave me to ask for help? Screw you. No- screw all of you. I would rather-”
“I can’t.”
But it was fine, because they never fed him enough anyway and the rice wasn’t fully cooked regardless. His water seemed to do nothing to soothe the dryness of his throat so he gave up chugging it for the moment and as he was sprawled across his cold floor he took in all his surroundings. The disappearing feet, the shutting down air, the lowering of the prison into the waves, it was soothing because he felt his will coming to an end. Soon it would end and he would go home with his ma and his old team. He’d introduce Peggy and Tony and they would laugh about how stupid he was before hugging him and welcoming him to the beyond.
A hand turned his face, locking their gazes just long enough to press their foreheads together. His vision was growing blurred and he gasped out a few breaths as the man continued to speak.
“Tony..”
Lips attempted to calm him, pressing against his temple and soothing the soft swelling of skin that was still trying to heal. Wincing to himself he found to be pushed backward, lying on his back and staring dreadfully up at the ceiling.
“Can’t what?”
“Hey, you’re not alone. You have me, you will always have me, and Barnes. Sam is your best friend, right?”
“Steve,” he flicked his eyes toward the other two in permission to continue, “we are going to start eating today. You have no reason to be nervous, we are just starting on something simple. You shouldn’t be overworked or overwhelmed, this is just about seeing where we are at.”
His body was like lead, he didn’t want to move nor to be moved and he voiced his protests in a whine.
The hand in his twitched with laughter, following itself with a beep chirping loudly behind the bed. Both men flinched, eyes going wide as the genius stood up from his seat.
“Eh, adrenaline took a while to die down, maybe 7 or so hours. Been hanging around my room reading.”
They said he had to eat in order to avoid a tube going back in. Just about a week and a half ago the doctor removed it, once Steve was on better terms with eating. He still had smoothies, but now things were a bit heavier. Turning his gaze he wanted to avoid the bowl, but Tony sat down anyway and he heard the clatter of silverware against the material.
Enjoy, as always, I appreciate you!
“You already talking filthy, Stark?”
A sigh of reluctance and then acceptance came and went, Tony pulling his phone out of nowhere before it tapped back down on the counter.
“Do you think you’re going back?”
“Alright, let me know if you change your mind.”
“What happened? Are you at home?”
“Great job, Darling.”
“Are you fucking me?”
The arms clutched to his limbs, stretching them out as he did as told and stared up at the ceiling.
It was okay.
Amidst the past few days of his forced leave of absence he has had some conversation with his husband, walking through the steps of soothing him in his distress. Tony had asked him what helped most, how to keep him from making the anxiety grow, and luckily Steve gave him the frame for a larger picture. It was enough for them to test during his first instance away from the team, during his second day of being at home. When he began getting physical toward himself the older man had talked smoothly, calm tones guiding him to keep his hands restrained and focus on his breaths. It had helped a lot more than expected and by the next one things had gone admittedly well.
“You’re safe here, focus on me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Steve? What’s the matter?”
He told Tony no.
“You are doing so well, Sweetheart, I am so proud of you.”
“He’s alright, Mr. Stark. Some patients just need more time.”
“-I wish we had more time. I wish I could go back, but he is just like you, Tony. Buck is such a good person, he’s more than Hydra made him to be. He can make a difference, I know he can and after this he’ll need someone like you to help him.”
“Until we get you better I will never have all of you, Darling. Seeing you in pain shatters me.”
“I know, it’s terrifying, I went through very similar things, but you have all these people on your side and you have to trust us.”
Shaking his head he slipped from the chair, falling under the slab of bar space and curling behind the seat. His hands trembled harshly and before he could drop the phone he heard the speakers burst to life around him.
“Stark-”
Tony.
“There we go, let’s try another.”
“You have obviously never been in this position and I pity you.”
He couldn’t hold back his scoff, wanting at that point to throw the phone and walk off laughing back to his pity party at the window. Why would he go back to Wakanda? Why would Steve expect him not to go there and kill the bastard?
Stepping into view, the dark haired man darted for the loveseat, nothing but sweats on as his backside fell into the middle of the cushion and his feet hung off the side. Reaching blindly he grabbed the small throw blanket, sighing in content and letting himself relax.
“You in any pain, doll?”
The hand gliding through his hair was gentle, soothing an honest answer despite all of his reasons to lie.
The door slammed open, Tony running in almost out of breath.
“I thought I was supposed to call you? Or is this some kind of late night call because you need something from me?”
Looking down he watched the jacket zip, grabbing Tony’s hand and taking a deep breath.
“If I get better,” his throat was burning under the pressure, “then i’ll be alone. They can find me.”
Thanks!
“I want to go home.”
Bucky sat on the edge of the bed, next to his waist and helped him lay gently on his side. He fixed the sheets and let his hand rest on his sunken in hip as his thumb trailed across the warming skin.
“I’m not going.”
He was done.
He was able to get him to bed about half an hour later, walking away from the window as colors began forming in the sky. Having his hand in his grip he held on tightly, using his other to wipe away the rest of the tears that had streamed down his husbands face. He hurt for him, his heart began to splinter and he knew he needed to be strong, but seeing someone he loved in so much in pain was enough to break him.
“What did they do to you, baby..”
“Shh, sweetheart, everythings okay.”
They were not okay and he refused to say anything to bring the enemy back.
“Hey, Steve, baby focus on me-”
Is he trying to fake his death for a mission?
The bowl in his lap was filled halfway with oatmeal, the spoon forced into his hand as he let out a sigh.
“Tell me what happened. What happened, Steve?”
“I’m trying to be quick, here- shift this way, darling.”
“Too hot.”
“Didn’t want you to go.”
“Tony-”
A hand was patting up and down his back, choking up hiccups.
He still shook his head, trying to catch their attention because he was just thinking. None of the words actually escaped, he knew that because they never responded like this. They-
Trevor had no diagnosis, he had no bad marks on his record and everyone who knew him said he was a kind soul who had so much love for everyone he met.
“Alright, we are gonna take a walk ,are you ready?”
His body was jostled around- not painfully, but enough to wake him up from his unexpected passing out. There was something wrapped around his eyes, soft and gentle as something latched onto his batting hands and brought them back down to the surface. He heard millions of voices and found it difficult to focus on a single one, but something heavy pulled away from his ears and everything settled down.
“You good?”
“I know, and I should not of left you. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t give me those puppy eyes, Punk, You are gonna get it back, I promise. I’ll even put it on the counter, see?”
Angled around he sighed and felt the nails scrubbing against his scalp. The warmth was so reeling, void of any cold and keeping the nightmares at bay rather than flashing against his thoughts.
“Shh, there you go. Easy, easy, easy. That’s it.”
“Steve, sit down.”
“We have been pushing it off, but I really think this is a good time to start.”
“What day is today?”
“What’s been up with you, love?”
The sound was so familiar, or it should have been, but Tony knew the man like the back of his hand. He could tell something was off, but it wasn’t his job to take care of things anymore. This man wasn’t his to love through sickness and health, to love and to hold until the end. This was the man who left him behind and chose someone else.
“When you go to Buck I left letters just outside of the border. I texted T’challa the coordinates before I called you. I want you to know I wrote everyday for you-”
“Reading?”
He carried the bodies out, ignoring the smell of the bodies that had been there longer than others. Ignoring the screams of the mothers outside the parking lot as they recognized their child in his arms motionless.
Ross was going to come after him.
“What do you want?”
A lack of response as all he needed.
There was no response, leading him to reach over and gently tug the ruffled blond streaks to rest on his shoulder. When the body fell limp he layered it with his own, hearing the gentle breaths puffing away underneath him.
With a heavy pout he tried to refuse, heart beginning to race as his arms were angled against his will.
This is the shortest chapter I have ever written in my life, however this is the end of the story that was saved in my drive- I don't know, I probably fell into an anxiety ridden hibernation- however now I will have to find the will to carry this story on with new ideas so PLEASE throw me ideas or anything you think would fit into this story since we are technically all reading this for the first time together.
“Today is Sunday, October twentieth of two-thousand twenty.”
Sucking in a gasp he heard the man shift on the other line, a door shutting in the background as the voice came back.
“No. Barnes its too early, don’t start any of that now. Baby, you don’t have to talk about it. But, let's talk.”
“No!”
“Pal, can you hear me?”
With a wink he drew another laugh from Steve, reaching for the shampoo while vibrating with joy.
Water splashed.
“Wanna finish that movie from the other day?”
“What is it, Stevie?”
He couldn’t really tell what had happened, but the seat was gone and Tony was in the tub beside him. They were curled in the corner as he bit down on another scream, tucked away in a chest as the water stopped flowing behind them.
“You mean everything to me, Steven. And it’s because of that, that I will do whatever it takes to get you healthy. You hear me? Let me call Sam, he can come down and we can find you someone to talk to. Do that and the facility won’t come back up until necessary.”
“I wanna go home.”
“That’s okay, you shouldn’t feel anything.”
Wakanda.
The question threw him for a loop, his eyes floating up to the ceiling in thought.
The bed met him halfway, holding him up as four hands found their way onto this skin.
With nothing to hold on to he fell into the splashes and let the waves take over him as a presence returned directly to his side. He was dragged into the familiar chest and before he could squeal his surprise a kiss was dropped against his forehead.
“Tony..”
It was a man who grew up with a happy family in a small city just a few hours away from here. A man named Trevor who had so many friends in his school days, joined band and got a scholarship despite his math grades that he couldn’t keep up. He had a sister named Melanie and a little brother named Calum raised by Joseph and Colleen Fraiser until he moved out at the age of twenty.
With a soft wince he muttered, ignoring how tense his spouse had become.
“Steve? Pal, it’s time to take a bath.”
He didn’t want that.
“I’m not taking a blade-”
The idea of him telling them what happened on the raft shut him up and he weakly tried forcing himself away as a sob built up his throat.
“I’m here, I love you too.”
He shot a look down at the blue one he had on.
He was brushing through Steve’s hair softly, getting through the tangles with a comb as the first bite was taken. It sat heavy in his stomach, but he pushed through it until most of the food was gone.
His words drifted off, frown tightening across his face at the trembling around him. The sound of a sniffle had his eyes drooping low as he looked at the face still hidden in a hand.
“Nightmare.”
The last bullet was for himself and as Steve walked through those silent hallways he couldn’t keep his eyes off the bodies that lay ahead of him.
“Okay, i’m coming now. Steve, I need you to say something. Let me know you’re okay.”
“You sure you don’t want to go lay in bed, sweetheart?”
He did not need to get out of the bed, it was as simple as that. Talking to the therapist was what they wanted, but now he was done and it was time to move on.
Bucky and Nat came up in the elevator and then the kids’ focus was shifted from Pietro.
“Papa!”
Tony sighed again, “Well, first, of course, there’s dear old dad.”
“She’s inside. I think you guys need to get in there now. She’s hardly stopped crying since you left, I’ve never seen her separation anxiety get this bad. I think there might be something else going on.”
Bruce was waving his hand in front of Tony’s face, “Tony? Hello? Earth to Tony? Anybody home?”
“Could you let all of us know if Steve does anything unusual?”
“Daddy!”
Steve leaned over to whisper in his ear, “We did good, didn’t we?”
“I am not sure my programming will allow that sort of monitoring, sir. But should Captain Rogers’ vitals fluxuate in an alarming manner, protocol would allow me to alert everyone immediately.”
He’d talked to both Sam and Natasha about it too. Sam didn’t have a clue. Natasha claimed she had no idea what was going on, but Steve was almost positive that she knew more than she was telling. It wouldn’t surprise him, Natasha and Tony were something like siblings. They could either be thicker than thieves or they were at each other’s throats every waking moment.
And then of course, Peggy picked that minute to come flying into their bedroom as well. She joined her brother in jumping on the bed, continuously trying to wake up their parents.
Bruce, Tony wasn’t sure about. Maybe something went wrong and he needed to take a walk. Maybe he got called to SHIELD. Maybe he had a girlfriend again. Tony didn’t know. All he knew was that none of them were supposed to leave, and yet, he was the only one that had followed the rule. Go figure.
The strongest pair of arms Tony knew wrapped around him before Steve replied, “I love you too. And if that’s what it takes, I’ll do it. You know I will sweetheart.”
“Hmmmm, what do you think?” Steve kissed her before continuing, “I think we should wait at least until we hear the heartbeat, but we can do whatever you’re comfortable with.”
“Alright munchkins, listen up!” Tony received cries of indignation from Pietro and Wanda at the childish title. He ignored them in favor of continuing, “Now that you’re all done with Easter baskets, we get to move onto the real fun. There are just about five hundred eggs hidden all over the tower. It is your mission to find every single one of them. They vary in size. The smallest hold quarters and the size progresses. The biggest one has a hundred dollar bill in it. Are you ready?”
Quickly, but with caution, the team advanced into the bunker.
Louder this time, Steve said, “Where I belong.”
Steve just grinned, “How fast do you want to get there?”
Minutes later, Tony and Steve were peeling out of the garage. The idiots had been stupid enough to have their unwanted daughter in a hospital. A hospital which had DNA records. Records that could be traced back to their origins.
“I’m not even really sure where to start, but I guess maybe start with the nightmares?”
still in high school) but spent most weekends here with the rest of the Avengers.
And then, he had the audacity to show up in the shop! Her sanctuary! To tell her, that she needed to eat! And yes, it had been awhile since Toni had eaten, but she had work to do and a figure to maintain! She, unfortunately, was not given a supersoldier metabolism. Normal people couldn’t just eat whatever and maintain the waist to hip ratio that Toni had going.
“Tony, couldn’t you make a phony version of the suit? Make it look and feel the same, but not give it any of the weapons systems? Don’t give them anything important, but give them what they want at the same time? If JARVIS is running the suit, we’d be able to track where they take it and maybe find Peter.”
Toni almost moaned, his massage on her shoulders felt like heaven, “Maybe? This one feels different though. It might be time here soon.”
Rhodey had just dropped Peter off with Bruce, planning to head back in to help with the final offensive, but Steve called out through the coms.
”Tony?”
Ten minutes later, they were all piled in the limo, just a few minutes off of the meticulous schedule that Pepper had put together for today. Honestly, Steve was surprised they made it out of the tower at all. Every time they were about to leave, someone forgot something. Commanding a battlefield was easy. Herding a bunch of people into the car on time, now that was a completely different situation.
“Один.”
Somehow, an hour and a half later, Tony and Steve were flying back to the tower. With a SHIELD convoy driving below them, driving the Maximoff twins to the tower. Steve wasn’t entirely sure
Steve caught him, his legs apparently not wanting to hold him up. “Tony, I know we haven’t been friends very long, but if something has you this shaken then clearly it’s
. You.” Steve kissed his forehead. “Are not.” He dropped another one on Tony’s nose. “Mr. Stark.” Finally, a kiss on his lips.
Bruce and Natasha looked slightly shocked by this statement, but with resignation on their faces. They both knew Tony was probably right. All of them knew Steve was depressed. But nobody knew what to do about it. None of them felt they had known Steve long enough to be the one to bring it up. And all the people that had known Steve before were either dead or on the run.
Steve just laughed, “Well, as much as I wish that were true, and as much as I wish I could stay,I have more paperwork to get done before the end of the day. If I don’t get it done, Fury is gonna have my ass.”
It was around 5:30 when JARVIS alerted the team.
“JARVIS! Let Tony know that it’s an emergency! A real one!”
The seat was back, progress lost at this point and he let out a heavy sigh once dropped against it. His first attempt at curling against it failed, straps, for the first time, wrapped tightly around his abdomen without warning. The tightness forced tears through his body and down his face as Tony fell to sit on the shell of the tub.
“I know,” the sigh was full of empathy, a knowing sound that promised they would get out of this.
The days missions went wrong, the days Peggy forgot who he was, the day’s Bucky’s memorial once again gave him the wrong information despite how many times he told Tony that no, Buck didn’t have that many days in war and he wasn’t killed in action that day he fell from the train.
“They’re all dead.”
“Because I’m not making it out of here.”
The phone shifted, the other end going silent for a second before the voice came back. The tone was quieter, shakier and on the verge of tears. He seemed like he had given up and Tony wanted to be happy, but the words had him frozen where he sat.
It was okay.
The best that could be done was taking him off the field and his husband had threatened every living person until the leave was written up and he was taken home to New York. Sam met with them periodically, Buck more so as he raced back and forth between missions and society. Tony was constantly working with Bruce on anything that would conquer his metabolism and all these days in are leading to no success.
That was until he heard an unfamiliar buzz.
“It doesn’t have to be fine, it’s okay to fall apart.”
“I just lost track- it’s not like I have a calendar-”
His blood ran cold, heart stopping as he almost lost his grip on the phone. He tried to speak, but opening his lips he didn’t know what to say. His soul had left his body and so did his ability to speak.
“Do you want to do it?”
Steve tried tugging him closer, but with a sigh of resistance he shook his head and sat back down.
The weight of him over his side held him down, comfortably enough to let him fall limp into the bed.
He shook his head, stomach churning at the thought of all the lights flashing around him.
“You in any pain, Sweetheart?”
“Did you have a flashback? Was it the television?”
“So you don’t think he’s really dead?”
Allowing himself a quick nod he turned to the new sweater sitting on the counter, using it as motivation as a cloth was stuffed into his hand.
The drops of rain against the window were all he could focus on. Each beat against the glass heavy and harsh as he watched the clouds above swirl into a storm. The lightning had long formed above him in the sky and despite the warmth inside his penthouse, all he felt was ice inside his soul. Nothing felt complete anymore and he felt he had no purpose, not without the man who made everything worth it. He knew they were in love, yet he couldn’t help but feel maybe the soldier never felt the same way about him.
Flinching, he quickly pulled back his hand, staring at the other in betrayal at the words spoken.
Bucky threw a hand on the man’s ankle from his own seat, not bothering to say anything but clearly telling him he agreed with Tony.
“Stay with me, I need you.”
Mirroring the others form, Tony brushed his left knee against the others right, hands also sitting across his thighs as he let out a heavy breath and began to speak.
“What?”
Tightening his hand wasn’t painful, he knew he was on drugs, but it was difficult. The small saddened flip of Tony’s lips was a sign that the pressure didn’t exist and he couldn’t even feel the fact.
Tony didn’t even bother speaking, pulling the weak body up and forward until he was rested against the familiar shoulder.
“Steve, you have to keep your hands back where they were-”
“I am so proud of you, Darling. You know that, right? You are doing so well.”
“Tony-”
His hands itched with destruction, wanting to throw itself into the wall despite the lack of energy to do so.
“You have to trust me. I love you- No, don’t turn away- I love you, Steve. I love you .”
So he didn’t move.
“Shh, you’re okay. Barnes, can you..”
“I would never let that happen.”
“No. The answer is no and I can’t rest until I know he is taken care of.”
“Steve.”
It’s okay, everything was fine.
“You know that Hydra does things like this to hurt others, not because they are doing the right thing by getting back at bad people. They are not the law, they don’t have authority. Especially not over you.”
It took a couple of minutes before they headed to the elevator, Buck was waiting next to it and shot them a smile as he motioned them inside. He told them, as expected, information was leaked and news stations were posted all over the entrance. Happy would move if they needed, but the car would just be followed at that point so choices were limited.
“I ordered some food from that place down the street.”
With a nudge of his head he agreed, sucking in a deep breath before scrunching his eyes tighter together.
“We just have to find a cure for this russian attached to your back.”
“Tony.”
“Honestly.”
“You still with me, love?”
The feeling of a sob exploded in his chest, his other hand flinging itself across the room as he clutched even tighter to Bucky. In reality he knew there was no pressure, but Bucky only held him tighter as a new hand found its way into his empty one.
Biting his lip he shrugged, but the accusation made sense.
“You got this!”
“We are right here, doll. We are here, it’s real. We aren’t going anywhere, alright?”
“Overwhelmed.”
A small hiccup forced himself to respond, shaking his head as his trembling fingers reached around the man’s shoulders.
I just like prereading them before posting and at pieces at a time it makes it a little easier to scan through without losing my space and having to go backward into the story; backtracking can be tough!
“No.”
The billionaire had meant to step in, to talk to Fury about how much he truly overworks the captain of this team. Poor Steve had been at a constant, even after returning home and he uses it to his advantage to avoid nightmares. Since they began dating a year ago he has seen a side of the soldier he never knew existed and has been working his ass off to keep the man healthy. Everyone thinks that the blonde has to feed him, make sure he washes up and takes care of his health, but in actuality it was the other way around and he was getting pretty good at doing so.
It was a human being,
The man behind him tensed, lying his head forward until his forehead was pressed against the man’s neck.
This time he felt anger, eyebrows burrowing in betrayal as he finally gained back his movement. He stormed over to the dresser, throwing open the drawer and harshly wrenching the phone from its place. The furniture shook under the pressure and he flipped open the device just as it came to the side of his unkempt face.
The pain bled into his soul, mentally and physically, he had a hard time in the darkness and his senses were losing their control day by day. Almost half of his bones from toes to fingers had been bruised or broken in the past- however long it had been, and it was the current pain across his back that held him down. He could barely feel his fingers anymore, the shaking against his will, and leaning back against the wall only made it worse, so sitting up in the middle of the empty cell pulled his muscles like an arrow painfully awaiting a release.
Therapy was something he hated.
“Do you want to see the team? I can get them in here if you want me to.”
It was okay,
“Let Barnes get it off, I had Sam bring you a green one from my closet.”
“Steven, you know that you didn’t deserve anything that happened to you.”
With a lot of hesitance he lowered his hands under his thighs, struggling to keep them there as he bit on another cry threatening to fall out.
He knew. Natasha went deep undercover, shield, or what it used to be, couldn’t afford to lose her. They needed her intelligence so she was quickly welcomed back easily enough. If she wouldn’t have signed they probably would have had a harder time.
The confidence in his voice was promising, leading his next few steps toward the man who kept stepping backward. Steve only frowned, walking a bit steadier and a second quicker only for the man to continue his teasing actions.
He watched the man fold it neatly on the counter top, safe and sound as he was leaned back into the seat. The sob in his chest was still growing and it wasn’t until a cloth smothered his cheek that he noticed he was crying.
Tony.
The sound of a cut sob had his arms pulling away just enough to wrap around the genius, pulling him close against his chest.
The two spoke at the same time, causing the man in the bed to shake his head in refusal. No he didn’t. He can’t- he can’t get the words out and he knows because he's tried countless times. Recently it had not been as much, he’s getting frustrated at the lack of progress, but it was getting there. He had his best friends by his side and he wasn’t alone anymore. He also has been healing in other areas as well.
Tony scoffed, sitting on the edge of the bed close enough to where his hip pressed against Steve’s rib cage. He hovered over him with hope glossing over his eyes and lips dropping against his forehead.
He tried to speak, but his lips wouldn’t even move under pressure.
“That's what gets you to laugh? Really? Babe, you only seem to want to talk when you’re feeling sassy.”
“You have obviously never been in this position and I pity you.”
It was dreadful as he watched the doctor walk in, a nurse behind him pushing a small cart he had yet to see the contents of. For the first time his room was crowded with people and he was conscious enough to notice the fact. He didn’t like it at all.
“Steven Stark.”
When the food arrived the man was dozing, mumbling softly into Tony’s chest in words that the man underneath couldn’t understand if he tried. Bucky had gotten them a plate, overstuffed so that Steve could have some too if he was up to it.
“Hey- Steve, what's wrong? Steve?”
“How do you feel, Darling?”
“As if I don’t know that, you know how many times I've tried? He likes the stupid stuff,” he turned back toward the soldier lying across the bed, “like Sweetheart, Darling, love.. Don’t you, hon?”
He never even eats it.
“Hey! You gotta breathe, baby. Just like we practiced, focus on me, in-”
“Alright, we don’t want to start too heavy, alright? I have a formula here for you, kind of like a smoothie.”
“I am so sorry for everything. For what I put you through. You are everything to me and I don’t want you to forget me- okay? Promise me-”
“Steven Stark.”
“I need you to go there and wake him up, I want you to be the one to-”
His eyes trained on his own blues, staring intensely as he pointed at the soldier.
But Trevor wasn’t happy.
“What the fuck do you want me to do, Steve? Give him a home in my tower? Give him money and set him up with a new life? He’s a criminal!”
The line cut.
He expected a response to the silence.
Besides, what did they want to hear? That he accepted his fate to die? That they experimented on him and beat the shit out of him until he couldn’t stay awake longer than minutes at a time? What was the point and who was the therapy for? He knew what happened, he was aware of what went on, who really felt the need to dig into the past?
He doesn’t think he has a voice any more. After the last testing on his spine he couldn’t find himself to make any whimpers of pain. They must have noticed, they actually asked him a question before jotting down something on a clipboard and repeating the question. At first he was going to ignore them, as he did since he arrived, but prying his lips open left disappointment as he fell limp against the table. They didn’t give any diagnoses, didn’t make fun of him or yell at him to try again, they just knocked him out with a blow to the head and he woke up with his mouth sore. They must have tested his airways, or even his chest in general because everything felt out of place and he couldn’t eat his weekly meal.
“You alright?”
Each time he shot a bullet from that gun it took another life, tearing apart families, friends, and a total of twenty souls. People who hadn’t lived their lives yet, who never got to travel the word. Never got to graduate highschool, never got to get married and have kids of their own.
“He just needs you. And me. Everything else will work itself out, we just need to be patient.”
“Yeah, you should try it sometime. You know, when you and Stevie aren’t busy-”
His stomach felt heavy already, he knew he wasn’t ready, but the hand in his squeezed reality into him and he quickly took a deep breath.
It wasn’t even a hand at first, it was a red gauntlet, clinking and whirring with sound each time it shifted to wrap around his wrist. The beam of light guided him up and into the sunlight, into the warmth he so desperately craved. He began to feel normal and staring into those warm brown eyes quickly started to feel like home.
“Tony-”
“Steve, I need you to talk to me, alright? Can you tell me what happened?”
“Alright, lift your arm up.”
Until arms slid around his waist and leaned against his back as lips pressed gently against the shell of his ear. The voice was so gentle as it called his name,  trying to snap him out of his mind, but it wouldn’t work this time.
The arms behind him released their grip, rising under his arms until they pulled him back and away from his spouse. He very clearly denied it, fingers twitching, but Tony quickly pulled himself up and within a few blinks he was held tightly as the man began undressing him in what now he realized to be their bathroom.
His eyes went wide.
They were going to ask him questions.
“How many days was I gone?”
There was no smile, there was no gasp. Tony stayed completely solid as he nodded back in response.
Tony was helping him get on his jacket, sliding his arms through the sleeves as he kept his eyes trained on the door. It was November twelfth, the doctors had agreed he could go home, and now he was finally going back to a recognizable place. He would get to see his team today, breathe in fresh air, see his bedroom- But, he knew he would also have to see the devastation. There were talks of a new Avengers Compound, however, Tony said that he had a cabin hidden up a little higher north since the tower had been sold those years ago.
“We are going to go see her on Tuesday.”
“You are doing so much better, punk.”
Tony sang along behind him, grounding him as he sank into himself and hid away from everything else. His wrists curled tightly against his chest and as small as he could be, he let himself fall apart. It was as if everything came crashing into him at once and as much as he missed envisioning everything of his past life, he just really missed Tony. There was nothing in this world that would keep him from feeling the emotions that he does, the way he longs for the man every second of every day.
“Steven Stark you fucking told me no as your first word!”
“Come home.”
The man looked upset at the fact, but he was always in the room when Steve woke up and for that he couldn’t exactly blame him. Bucky was usually in here too, but for the second time he was missing from the formation as the time Steve was going through his therapy. He hated it, almost too much, and struggled through everything they forced him to do. Tony tried to help, but every shift of his muscles ached and he ended up being sore for days.
“The day after Siberia. He didn’t want to hurt anyone else. So he’s in cryo.”
“I need you.”
“God, Stark.”
“Tony..”
No. They didn’t need to know. It was pretty obvious what happened when he was covered in bruises, bones sticking out too far for a regular human’s body to do so. They found him in a darkness so hidden that it took almost two years to find it. He was not okay.
“Shh, I'm here. I am right here, Sweetheart, you’re safe.”
But it was okay.
The head peeked up for a moment, shaking his head and laying back down with an ache etched across his face.
Shaking his head he struggled with gasps,  telling himself he should be happy he’s crying. He is sobbing and screaming and things are finally making sense!
The hand in his hair was soft, directing his gaze as a metal grip tugged a comforter snuggly against his form.
“Okay, we can go home. We can go home, love.”
The soldier himself went through this, Steve knew, so the fact that he was silent as well gave Steve a sense of control and support.
“Out of where? What's going on?”
Unfortunately, as things may work, there are periods where they are hopeless and two and a half weeks in he was really struggling. Without the familiar voice in person his arms were spasming below his hold he had on them, breaths growing heavier as the speakers grew a little louder.
Tony.
The familiar voice should have shook him to his core, but the flashing bright lights distracted him and he couldn’t see the face behind his viscously shaking fingers. They protected his eyes from the unfamiliar brightness and as an arm hooked around his biceps he let loose a silent shudder of discomfort.
“I’m afraid you don’t have a choice here, Steve.”
All the names clashed at once, easing a bit of the tension as the two heroes began bickering to his right.
“They want to start working on eating real food, no more G tube.”
“It’s not too hot, baby. You’re shivering.”
Crossing his eyebrows he took in the words with confusion, silently asking the man what was going on. Even as the phone dropped to the ground and the man was hovering over him he had yet to figure out what was happening.
Each weekend he spent alone when Tony had to travel for a conference, the times there was too much food on the shelves in the grocery store, or even when he heard the backfire of those motorcycles and swore he was seven feet down in the soil screaming for his men to keep moving forward despite who was left lying behind.
The bed dipped, a hand pulling his face back and directed.
“As if I don’t know that, you know how many times I've tried? He likes the stupid stuff,” he turned back toward the soldier lying across the bed, “like Sweetheart, Darling, love.. Don’t you, hon?”
It was actually the doing of said man that got him off the field, storming in the directors office and demanding enough time off to drag him across the country to the best he could find. Session after time hoarding session he spoke as much as he could, leaning into the warmth in his side as they tried to figure out what was going on. He had felt these feelings long before the serum, but since waking up they had grown harder to control and he was having such a hard time adjusting. Even now, three years later, the simplest of tasks take his focus and shred it up into pieces, dowsing him in flames of terror and no medication was helping. The serum was picking at his remains and sealing his fate despite the thread of hope trying its best to stitch him together.
“Yes.”
“Sure. Punk, you sure know how to pick ‘em.”
“No!”
“No!”
She dropped her clipboard on her lap, folding her hands and staring into his direction.
“..J, go ahead and cut the stream, I think that's enough. You got him? I’ll be right back…”
The chuckle was so gentle from both sides.
“I know you don’t blame him, Tony. I know you and I know you thought it through. As much as you want to hate him you can’t-”
He’d talk to Fury tomorrow.
“I should have told you.”
“I’m sorry, was I tortured on the raft for fourteen months?”
“You get a nightmare?”
“I’m just having a hard time. I never meant to drag you home-”
“You’re fine, you’re safe at home and everything is fine.”
“Only a little, besides, you know he’s thinking it too.”
Of course the familiar kiss pressed against his forehead, hair pushed out of his face before the man began to speak.
These chapters are so short and I apologize!
His voice was so tired, heavy and slow as he shook his head in refusal.
All the years of pouring his heart into the man he would never regret, but after the deemed Civil War of this generation took place, Tony never looked at him the same. The past five years may have been reversed, but the pain would never truly be washed clean. That's why the man sacrificed what he did, it's why his last view was of the debris of the Avengers compound surrounded by a team once so close.
Lips pressed against his cheeks, fingers running through his hair and the tangles were excruciating, but he didn’t want it to stop. Now that there was a sliver of hope he was terrified to lose it and he could feel himself on the edge of everything coming to a stop.
“Don’t wanna sleep under medication.”
He couldn’t look at Bucky, not after that. His gaze locked on the floor and he tried to control his breathing as he ignored her words.
Steve's body was never found.
The shock shut him up.
The larger body shifted just for a second, hands tightening in his lap as an arm wrapped around his waist, the other coming to gently run up and down his neck.
Curled on his side he stared out the window, the sky littered in clouds as the door behind him opened.
He would give anything to say it back.
Tony.
“You disgust me, Stark.”
“I am, I'm on my way now.”
Tony had been making him start working on things himself, not long, but enough to work on with clear progress. Last time he took a bath he scrubbed some of his fingers before Tony took over, this time he aimed for his wrist and worked his way up painfully slow. It was barely anything, but his husband's sparkling eyes gave him enough strength to force himself from action to action. He felt like he was doing something and by the time he had the rag taken from him he looked at the genius in expectance.
His fingers shook against the cement floor, trembles harsh and uncontrollable as he struggled to take in a breath. In his chest, both lungs rattled under pressure and he could not focus on a thought as he ran through his current predicament in his head.
He for once had no response, staring at his bed with wide eyes before he fell to sit on it.
The chest was warm underneath him, the familiar heart beat luring him almost back to sleep.
What was he talking about?
He was bathed every three days here, it was tiring ever since they made him start walking over by himself. Last time they made him undress himself too, he had not nearly enough energy for that.
“Tony, I think you just need to get some rest. You might feel better with a clear mind and then we can decide which path to take here-”
“You wanna try? I got those rolls you like, with the ham and egg in it. I also got you some milk.”
“Sam and Clint took a plea deal, they’re home. Nat.. I am not sure where she is.”
“Alright, deep breath in.”
“Don’t apologize, you have every right to the way you feel, Sweetheart.”
But, he got there too late.
The chuckle in his throat erupted, gentle yet the loudest sound he’s made and he watched the man quickly collect his shock.
“Nope, gonna talk to Fury. This is getting ridiculous.”
“I have to go talk to the doctor about a few things and I don’t want to wake you by getting up in a few minutes.”
Holding out his arms he smiled a bit too wide, breaking out in chuckles as Steve got just close enough to touch, but was once again duped.
Steve hated being alone.
He opened his mouth to speak, pleading for something, but nothing came out and the devastation was harsh. In the darkness his tears didn’t stop, pooling in the material hiding them as another hand fell into his.
The scent was calming and as the hands scrubbed him clean he felt his stress soothing back down. Tony was too focused on the wash that he only had himself to turn to, closing his eyes and falling back into the seat. He hadn’t even realized he was moving forward and upon further notice he saw he was holding onto his husbands elbow.
Friday?
He slammed the door to his workshop open painfully hard, hearing the shatter of it against the wall as he shoved his chair out of the way. The phone shouldn’t be hard to track, Steve never understood technology and he tried to keep the man on the line as long as he could.
The mumble was gentle against his neck.
“That's fine. Where are you, Steve?”
“Okay, come here.”
“I think I actually picked him. Once I decided he had no choice. Matter of fact, I think I am the one who did most of the proposing, date-asking, and sexual favors if I remember correctly.”
“Do it again.”
The head aside him tilted softly, gazing at him softly with a small smile curling across his lips.
“I want you to help him, Tony. I want you to get those words out of his head, to help him live because he never asked for this! I dropped him, that's on me, but he deserves a life and he deserves to be happy!”
“So, my session for the day is over, but I want you to think about your options. This scenario we are in every day, or a house by the water living with your husband retired peacefully from war.”
He turned to Bucky, tears in his eyes as he stared at the man in fear.
The tapping of his foot against the bed stopped, chair screeching against the ground as he shot up and stormed from the room. Steve tried to feel anything other than relieved, but he couldn’t bring it upon himself and didn’t bother watching the man go.
“Hey, what's wrong?”
His sobs didn’t stop, the arms around him were too tight and it didn’t take a genius to figure out what he was trying to say. The psychiatrist had left, Bucky tried calming him down, and now the whispering was hard to listen to as he continued to break down.
“We are going for your car,” he casually answers and refuses to elaborate on the second part, while he lets his eyes roam over the scattered cars on the mostly empty parking lot. With a resigned sigh Nate takes over again and steers them left to an old Jeep that looks more like a rust bucket than the fancy cars they just walked past in the garage.
So what happened during the bite? A venom? It would explain his sickness, but not everything else afterwards. A serum? Something like pops’? Would they go that far? Do they even have the resources?
The A.I. doesn’t dignify his rushed words with a response, while Peter begins to tuck at his hand. Nothing. His eyes flicker to the hallway and back to the fridge, before he stems his foot on the cupboard to the right to get some leverage and asks towards the ceiling: “Friday, why am I stuck to the stupid fridge?!”
question what just went on, and involuntarily links the events to something that could only make sense in his kind of crazy life, the frantic words stop.
“Everyone is bitching about him,” the older man weakly defends and crosses his arms over his chest, but below he seems to silently agree with Peter’s point of view.
When his quiet protests and unanswered questions finally give way to heart-breaking sobs, Peter breaks down in his father’s arms, who says absolutely nothing, not a single comforting word to lighten his nightmares.
always did.
The fact alone sends shivers down his aching spine.
Smooth.
“Try again,” he mumbles and then stems his shoulder against the unhinged door to at least partially close it. Seconds later he adds with a slightly raised voice, “And call the mechanic from downstairs – and order a new fridge. Like this one. No funny colors or something!”
I'm terribly sorry for the delay. I started my new apprenticeship and I literally typed about 200 words this week, because I was gone all day every day. Not sure I can crush out the next chapter this weekend, since I still need to pre-write/note it down in detail. Bear with me guys, at least the chapter is about 4k words long. Also - thank you for the continuing support. I love every kudo, every comment, every bookmark, every sub and hit. <3
Just a little bit of comfort and normality, a sign that they are still who they are, a family, no matter how broken apart they appear to be. Yesterday was just a hiccup, his dad was overwhelmed, clearly he has planned to let Peter know differently, not like this.
Also his father would have to leave the lab first – unlikely with his mood and the bottles of alcohol he has hidden there, Peter thinks bitterly and quickens his steps unconsciously.
A memory pops up, from Nate’s chat with his colleagues, and suddenly the anger that began to bubble up at the man sticking his nose in other people’s business (even though it is his too ever since Peter decided to kidnap him) evaporates into more doubts upon doubts.
With an inaudible sigh he puts the note onto the table to his side and grabs a cup to get himself some of the coffee that must have been brewed up by Rhodey (no sign of his dad), when a thought not as dark and gloomy as the others stops his movements.
He is fine. He doesn’t need their protection (no one left to do so anyway) and not their concern. It’s all messed up and an absolute disaster – but he’ll deal with it. Somehow. Without them.
I'm sure I wanted to mention some chapter-related stuff, but I'm dead tired and have to get up again soon, so have and enjoy it! Sorry for the day delay, busy time behind and ahead, but I'll give my best to keep them coming in time. Let me know what you think and maybe head over to my Twitter account @milumaus, if you want to know stuff about the story and the chapters in advance.
“Wait, let me call security, kid – what even happened?!”
His room is too secluded. It’s his place, his alone, without the loving memories he connects with their living room – all the evenings shared together on the too small couch, cuddled together and eating unhealthy ice cream, all the times things were too close to not being okay and tears were dried with loving words and dangerous promises.
“Dad- It’s Sunday.”
Nate’s mumbling obviously isn’t meant for him, but it shoves the traitorous thoughts aside.
The gym is empty as well. The weight in his stomach intensifies and nearly renders him immobile, but in his panic he clings to another fleeting thought. Dad’s private lab! They are probably already making up, because that is where dad has to be, where he always flees to from problems he doesn’t want to face and where eventually his husband shows up to set things right in the world again, so Peter rushes in a mad dash through the silent hallways –
The A.I. complies and ignores his little sound of discomfort, because she is not Jarvis and there is no Tony to right her behavior, ever since they moved out to the Avengers’ facility just on the outskirts of New York City. Peter can fix it on his own easily, a snarky little voice in the back of his mind says, but he ignores it together with the knowledge that he is genuinely sulking.
But it’s different and even in his messed up state of mind he can’t deny it. This… It’s not the rush of excitement and engineering that has always grabbed a hold of his father in the most unusual of times; it’s a numb stupor, one Peter isn’t familiar with at all. He has heard the stories on stormy evenings without his parents around; a time in which everything was new and bitter and not as tightly knotted as now. When aims were different, when minds were lost, when people were alone.
After another few seconds of silence he adds at last with a determination he surely got from Steve somewhere along the line, “I’ll do it with or without you.”
He won’t.
A weary sigh escapes his lips in slight exasperation.
“Hey, it’s me, Peter. Uhm- how are you? How is your research coming along?”
- 'Tom' was chosen fully on purpose
In the darkness of his room Peter ends the call, then dials the same number again.
The question is out before he can think about it, colder than he intentioned and than Tony probably deserves, but…
His hopeless attempt to fresh up a little bit still leaves his skin pale, eyes red and hair standing into every which way, and with a final glance at the time he makes his way into the kitchen of the shared living area. It is as abandoned as the day before, this time though Peter is glad about it. If pops would see him like thi-
He is not going to put it all out there, no matter how much Nate might be able to help him at the moment. He isn’t family. He doesn’t know shit, when it comes down to it.
“Tony, he deserves-“
The trembling intensifies. His knees feel weak.
The thought echoes around in his mind, when he comes to a stop in front of the open lab. Multiple desks are set up in various sizes and holding unrecognizable items at this point in time – without a doubt they’ll be featured either in the Stark product line or in one of the various suits and weapons soon. Screens hinder his line of sight, when Peter tries to get a good look throughout the room; it’s not the same as the one in the tower, he thinks stubbornly, until the cup grows too warm for comfort under his fingers and he remembers why exactly he is here.
His whole body seems rigid with the unknown tension that lies heavy between them, his eyes are solely fixed on the road ahead and not once does he glance at Peter in the rearview mirror, the music is turned a bit too loud to have a proper conversation and they don’t even listen to Happy’s favorite radio station but some random CD.
“What the fuck?”
Other than that?
Both whirl around in time to see another man close to his pension exit the building from the other side of where they stand behind the car and waving at him. Apparently he hasn’t seen Peter. Yet. Before he has a chance to panic again and hide somewhere, Nate grabs his arm and shoves him into his unlocked car.
How does Uncle Bucky always say…? Inconspicuous is the key.
“Peter?! Hey, what’s going on? Are you alright?”
Third – he has no way of finding them, if he is being honest with himself.
No answer.
For the first time since his little escapade Peter thinks back on the news and how much of it might actually be true.
Then he turns around to flee back to wherever Tony doesn’t follow, but not even two steps out on the hallway the shattering of the cup disrupts the silence. He flinches again, this time out of sight, and angry tears fill his eyes as a memory flashes through his mind, fond and so out of place with the emotions swirling around inside of his pumping veins.
With a frown on his face Peter listens on and slowly lowers his hand from his mouth.
He’ll make sure of it.
For a moment he can’t decide whether it’s anger or pity causing the rushing noise in his ears.
Peter stills. They have to be right beside him.
He silently curses and shortly thinks about hitting himself over the head, before he throws another homework into his bag. It’s not surprising though, right? Bruce has been gone for months, nearly a year now, with no call whatsoever. No message, no checking up on them, no getting Tony and Steve back on track again, because that is what he always does best.
“Sorry, um- thank you. Bye.”
Like…
“Dad? Pops?”
A hand that brushes the tears off of his red cheeks.
The creaking of a door, hard footsteps on the floor and then the bubble threatens to bust as Sam comes to a stop in front of him. Peter freezes completely, not looking up, not daring to blink. “Go away,” he mutters into his kneecaps, so,
He is stuck in a full on rant (his uncle had it coming, really), when a chime from Friday alerts him of Happy’s presence on the level. His voice falls silent in an instant and the immediate mood change is clearly audible. Peter doesn’t have the time to care though.
The kitchen area and the large living room, equipped with several entertainment devices pops only rolls his eyes at in silent desperation, are completely deserted. No Rhodey. With a silent curse on his lips Peter strolls on, out of the living area and into the nearly equally as deserted hallways. It’s Sunday. Most of the staff are back home probably.
The silence that welcomes him back in their private quarters is ear deafening. No one.
When they separate again, Tony carefully grabs the lukewarm cup of coffee into his hand – the other ruffles his hair in a familiar gesture, but Peter doesn’t mind – and takes a sip. They smile at each other, for once words are not needed, then his dad looks as if he wants to ask Peter to come work with him for a bit like they always do…
“Not if I’ll tell your dad to ground your sorry ass into the next century,” Nate finally answers, but with a lot less bite Peter has expected. Nonetheless he needs to defend his line of sight, if he really wants to get pops back. Because without Nate, without someone who knows where they are and who is actually capable to drive, his wild-goose chase is practically over.
He doesn’t stop to check the adjacent rooms and instead turns around leaving the door open to run down the hall towards the gym.
Two hands forcefully grab his face and a second later he comes face to face with his dad. His brows are furrowed and the worried lines on his face fit to the dark circles under his eyes, but every ounce of him seems to be focused solely on Peter at the moment.
He still thinks Peter is holding onto him, not that some freak accident on a school trip might have superglued him onto his jacket.
Not wasting a thought or a second Peter leaves his hiding spot to follow him.
(See the end of the chapter for
In front of the passenger door they stop and this time Nate is able to rip his arm out of Peter’s grasp. He tries to not be too obvious in his relief and quickly takes a step back, before his hands can cause any more trouble than he can deal with at the moment.
“He doesn’t deserve shit!”
No one either.
So instead of geeking out in peace with people he got to know years ago, he quickens his steps further and further, until he bursts into his parents’ room at a mad sprint without even wasting a thought about knocking first.
The equipment will undoubtedly find them one way or another  - the only thing Peter doesn’t have is the time though. It’ll take ages, there for sure will be cameras all over the place with the amount of expensive projects and prototypes, and any unauthorized access to the database will set off alarms in an instant.
He should call at least Happy, since he knows
It’ll be fine.
“Sorry,” she repeats herself, but doesn’t sound as embarrassed and flustered as before.
He wants to mourn with him together. Shed tears, sob and scream until his throat is bleeding raw emotions onto the wooden floor of the little hut dad built for them. He wants to hold Pops close when he breaks down, be the strong one for once and feel better for being what Pops was for Dad every once in a while, when bitterness threatened to consume him.
I really hope I can keep the frequenzy up from August onwards - I'll begin another apprenticeship at that time and'll be out the house basically Monday - Friday all day. So only the weekends to write. We'll see how it goes - hopefully I'll settle in there easily and get enough motivation from you lovely people.
And thinking about his slumped frame, about the alcohol in his breath and the way he looks at Peter as if he were a nuisance…
All he takes in is the world breaking apart below his feet.
“I’ll think about it. At home. Where talking about this kind of stuff is a lot safer than here. See you tomorrow, guys.”
Peter blinks. At the end of the corridor they appear, still outside of the cubicle area. Are they genuinely deaf or something to yell so loudly? Even if it’s a Sunday, even if they appear to be the only ones around…
For several minutes the silence in the lab stretches on. At last Tony deflates with a trembling sigh and finally glances at the shards with a sharp pain in his eyes, as if they physically cut him.
He feels worn out from the fight with his dad and all he really wants to do is lie down and sleep, but if he does he’ll never get his family back together. Dad will hold him back, someone will get wind of his plans, his resolve will be blown away by doubts like it always does and for once he can’t have that.
“Do you really want to?”
For the son of a genius and nephew of a scientist with a brain capacity bigger than that of his entire school combined, he feels far too stupid recently.
None of the two dares to answer.
At first in his hands, barely visible tremors that refuse to keep his hands still. He takes a deep breath, tries to and fails half way, before he pulls his hands down to shove them in between his legs pressed to his upper body. It’ll
“Yes,” Rhodey replies simply and ignores the dripping sarcasm in Tony’s voice. It works. With barely hidden surprise Tony finally gives up his position to turn around and face Rhodey, a deep frown and troubled expression gracing his face that haven’t been there before, when Rhodey left for New York City this morning.
When he trusts himself enough to not look panicky at the prospect of basically kidnapping someone and to be calm enough to get his point across, he glances up into the surprisingly composed and slightly worried face of the otherwise unknown man in front of him.
When his voice finally breaks, Peter is pulled into Tony’s chest. He desperately tries to get away, because with the loving and familiar embrace all emotions seem to crash in on him all at once, but the more he struggles, the more Tony pulls him into his arms.
First guy. More than doubtful, if his voice is anything to go by.
“Who is-“
Shots cut through the air.
With a quick look over her shoulder she gets up and carefully takes the broken pieces of glass from him. “Thank you for your help, I’ll get you another one on the house-“
Nate doesn’t seem to care at all about his impolite behavior and nonchalantly shrugs, before he falls in step beside the guy who distantly reminds Peter of a farmer. “An old favor. Nothing much.”
His body reacts before his mind can stop him and with quite real panic in his eyes (what the heck is he doing?!) his feet lead him in a quick run towards the surprised Nate. So much for inconspicuous.
“Maybe. But at the moment he isn’t the best role model for the kid either – he’s fifteen for God’s sake. Even Rogers would be better, all public enemy business aside…,” first guy replies with a hint of sarcasm in his voice, but the one with the laugh picks up on the idea.
“Careful, don’t cut your hand.”
“Family friend. He knows my mother from when I was little. I think I was responsible for most of his grey hair he rocks now,” Nate tells him with a smug face and begins to flip some switches without acknowledging Peter’s objections.
“No- no of course not, but… weren’t we supposed to go straight for the next airport? Po- Steve is nowhere in the country at the moment, right?”
“An hour ago you were eager to get as far away from your dad as possible – already changed your mind?” Nate asks absentmindedly, while he seems to look for a free parking lot. Contrary to before he appears to be half serious though and belatedly Peter realizes that he probably would like nothing more than to drive him back as fast as possible.
“He deserves an explanation from you. How things did a 180 for the kid, which political troubles you kept away from him, because you two thought you would protect him and what will happen now.”
With shaking fingers he leaves the living area behind of him and stumbles towards what is left in the facility for him to comb through. Maybe something happened, maybe they are in one of the medical rooms, maybe even in the hospital by now-
Instead.
Something flickers in Happy’s eyes, too shortly for Peter to identify, but it leaves him with a bitter taste in his mouth, when the older man gives in way too quickly (of course he knows Peter is lying, how can he not?).
Now though they seem to need a little bit more, all politics aside for the moment. Who better for the job than their own son? Because at the end of the day they are still family, right?
He doesn’t notice his father calling his name and stepping closer.
“I don’t mind,” Pops continues, not really understanding. Of course he doesn’t, Peter muses, since it has to be a subconscious thing. Getting as far away from the situation at hand to deal with it any other way than what awaits him. Under the pretence of bringing the stones back he flees as far as he possibly can, back in time, to maybe throw a glance or two at his late husband and grieve quietly for himself. It is not the first time for him to do so – after Bucky’s death, after everything was over, there just was a more morbid way out, a plane and a reason to escape the pain gnawing away at his heart.
The smell of the coffee turns bitter.
“Breathe with me, okay? Just like that…”
“We need to go,” he presses out breathlessly and turns to Nate’s pale and worried face. The grin and former amusement have disappeared completely.
It’s all gone, everything, they took it all with whatever bullshit they initiated, his throat starts to close up, pops is gone, really gone with no hope of ever seeing him again and fuck he can’t
Some put a thin smile onto their faces, others don’t even try.
He is ripped out of his thoughts by the familiar voice that involuntarily brings a smile onto his face, even though the trusted family member can’t see him right now (Peter has never been really fond of video calls).
Peter physically flinches at the near slip up. His following rushed words, so unprofessional from what Peter expects, not make it any better. “He’ll be back literally five seconds later, but he really wants to see you first. He waits out-“
Out of the corner of his eyes he sees Bucky nod. He yanks his head up, Pops shares a last important glance with his best friend, one he can already guess the meaning of but doesn’t waste another second on. The moment Bruce announces the last digit of the countdown, Peter rips himself out of Sam’s grasp and sprints for the platform. It’s an automatic process, no button pushing, so Bruce won’t be able to stop it in time. Now he only has to adjust the time a little bit-
Admittedly… she has pretty eyes. And a kind smile. And-
Because I low-key am already planning two sequels for this story... My mind ran away again. Woops. xD
“…dad?”
A kiss onto his scalp. His father tightens his embrace, when Peter stays silent and motionless. No tears escape his eyes. Maybe he is still in a state of shock? How long has it been anyway, since-
The calm and emotionless voice is drowned out for a moment by the unexpected groan of metal under immense pressure and breaking plastic, then dead silence.
- Time-Line wise I'll just stretch the whole part before this story. Like... every Avengers movie etc., since I finally decided that Stony got Peter really early in this AU. How and why will be focused on in more detail in the sequel at the latest. Marvel loves to play and mess with timelines, so do I.
“I can’t bail out just like that or Mary is going to kill me, so you’ll have to wait for your little trip to your ‘relatives’,” he says with proper air quotes and Peter rates his companion for not moving a muscle at the ridiculous sight. “But have a proper look at her, while I’ll fill the tank and then tell Mary that we will have guests. You should still know your way around her, just don’t touch anything important.”
“Did you mean it?”
Rolling his shoulders to get rid of the setting ache Peter pushes himself off of the wall and strolls towards the closest door on the left. It is left ajar, so he quietly opens it further, until he is able to see Rhodey in one of the seats and his dad in front of him with his back towards Peter. They haven’t noticed him yet.
He only realizes he rambled out loud, when a hand in his neck and a calm and assuring “Okay” stop him and leave him light-headed. Slowly stuff begins to come back – the tingling stays though.
And with a single word the ugly wound inside of his chest comes undone once more and forces bitter sobs out of his sore throat, while messy tears stream down his face onto the pale pillow.
When he is sure that they’ll be enough for his little trip, Peter throws a quick glance around his room – most of his things are back in the tower anyway – and stops at the two pictures standing on his desk. The anger melts away a bit to make way for some remorse, then he gets up to pack them as well.
Did he even think about Peter, or was he unimportant in the face of bitter threats and stupid arguments the second his son drove back to New York City?
He feels left out.
He was stuck to the door with no explanation whatsoever.
For a thoughtless moment Peter thinks about knocking the poor guy out the way aunt Nat taught him after a particularly eventful way home (when they all still lived in the tower and things were
He was sick with flu-like symptoms out of nowhere in the middle of summer – and then perfectly fine mere hours later.
He is about to touch the display in front of him with countless thoughts of how to approach his problem first, when voices from the other end of the large cubicle area make his heart stop. Frantically he slips under the desk into the darkest corner possible and puts his shaking hand over his mouth, but he is breathing way too loud. They must have seen him, their voices were too close for him to have a chance of escaping unseen, they’ll inform his dad in a few seconds and then it’ll be all over and he’ll never see pops again-
His dad’s lab is not an option; the internet would take too long and is too unreliable, as well as the news are.
And maybe it’s not the worst way to slowly ease him into his plan.
Again. End the call. Try again.
“Will do, thank you very much, Henry,” Nate cheerfully replies and puts Peter even more on edge. For being a simple IT-department employee, he knows an awful lot about behaving like aunt Nat, whenever she wants something and turns eerily nice to get it one way or another.
“I love you,” Peter mumbles and pulls back before Steve can think up encouraging words. With crossed arms he takes a few steps back, nods decidedly and for the first time since the funeral returns the look in his father’s eyes. With the fake security his son gifts him with, Steve heaves another breath, nods to himself and then his companions, before he steps onto the platform. Peter tenses up. Sam takes a step forward to place a hand onto his shoulder, interpreting the signs the wrong way like Peter anticipated him to.
Maybe he should let it go through. Once. Maybe he will get the message, maybe he will call back, maybe-
“Before the whole Iron Man thing… it was bad. And I honestly think there was no one able to help him, even if Rogers had been freed from the ice earlier, even if they had gotten along from the beginning on. He was… a lot more messed up.”
“Happy can’t see this, no frickin’ way!”
go away. Like it did last time. Without Pops’ help. Without
“I’m fifteen,” Peter replies but can’t keep the big grin off of his face, while Nate jumps into the driver’s seat beside of him and starts the stuttering car.
Peter is stuck. Like he was on the fridge.
He doesn’t want to think about it. His dad won’t return to… whatever it was before, this sick and obsessed state of mind no one had been really fond of in their retellings (warnings?).
It will be better.
“What?!”
“Maybe he is. And that brings me back to our research-“
“What exactly?”
The bag over his shoulder will be a dead giveaway though, Peter muses, so he bends down to shove it messily under his bed for the moment. As soon as he’ll know more, he can retrieve it safely. Since Jarvis is gone (where on earth is Vision by the way?) and Friday still occupies the Avengers Tower back in New York City, for when Peter is in town for school and mostly unsupervised, there is no A.I. out in the Avengers facility yet to give him away.
Not yet though.
Because if they have jumped through time itself, if they have managed the impossible and compromised the memories of their past selves already, a little bit more won’t hurt. Not more than it already does.
The fading shouts behind of him put a fine grin onto his face, while he waves at the guard of the back entrance of the facility and enters the familiar and blank hallways. It doesn’t lead directly to the private area of the Avengers, instead Peter finds himself standing in between countless laboratories. The research department.
“Where are they? When did they- I… I wanna see them, where are they?! Where is my dad?”
“Friday, what time is it?” he mumbles groggily and tries to sit up, when the ache in his neck from sleeping on the couch – no matter how expensive – adds a quiet groan to the teenager’s words.
A short wave over his shoulder is all he manages to say goodbye to the confused girl, then he is being led away and down the shabby road towards a plump looking man with grayish hair and a grim look on his face – until Nate calls out to him and his face seems to darken even further, once he recognizes the grinning SI-employee.
I made myself a ton of notes for the story, began to plan the first chapters thoroughly, so I had enough time to pre-write some chapters...
“We- … if he’ll be like
So instead of leaving his father a heart-felt message and yelling at him for their ignorant stupidity, Peter continues to break down, helpless and alone, until he ends the call with trembling fingers and throws the phone to the other side of the room, where it shatters into a million pieces.
A deep trembling breath. Rhodey has no clue what to say.
“To be honest I think the guy is slowly losing it. With everything that went on it wouldn’t surprise me, if he’s finally going mad. Scientists and all that, ya know?”
He chokes on a breath, but the sob threatening his half-aware existence never makes it out. It’ll go away, just keep breathing, in and out, in and out, in-
Have a lovely evening, if you wanna chat with me about this story or other stuff, hit me up on my Twitter account @Milumaus! <3
“Gone. You coming up?”
There it is, all the build-up anger, all the misplaced confusion he finally lets go, while the hard stare of his father grows colder and colder.
“Gwen?”
And in a small burst of desperation - because he
A smile, genuine and full of love.
), but the chances of heaving the guy through the place unseen and getting him to cooperate afterwards are more than slim.
Love,
And alone.
They must have noticed him for sure…
It hits him out of nowhere like a truck at full-speed.
It’s a weak attempt to get some information out of the older man beside him, but he stayed resilient for the whole car ride and of course doesn’t start to waver now. He probably assumes that Peter will run off the moment he knows where his father is supposed to be - and if Peter is being completely honest to himself, he might not be far off with that theory.
When he follows suit and climbs onto the small seat directly to Nate’s right, he tries not to touch anything more than necessary. Somehow Henry reminds him a lot of Happy, when he is in one of his moods again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then we’ll leave this place,” he tries to add nonchalantly, but apparently Nate has had enough.
Peter flinches. Evades his father’s eyes, who doesn’t budge an inch and keeps his balled fists in front of him.
“What did you do?!”
He doesn’t notice the sudden silence.
“Not for you, though,” he clarifies quietly and presses his face into the crook of his father’s neck. Ever since the battle he has started to grow his beard out again. It’s a comforting sight, somehow. Reminds him of before everything went to shit, when everything had seemingly been more complicated between them, when fights were everything but a rare occurrence. When they were at least alive to do so.
Oscorp?
For several seconds he lets himself getting drowned in raw panic that makes his hands tremble and quickens his breath, while his thoughts are stuck on the consequences. But when he realizes his hand is free, no traces of the suspected stickiness, when a little part in him begins to wonder and question,
“Peter, look at me!”
He is stuck.
“When will they be back?”
Another stab to add to his funny little collection, he thinks bitterly, and Tony’s reaction is probably the reason why he isn’t able to hold the question lingering on the tip of his tongue back anymore.
“Hey, about that-“
His voice is barely above a whisper, nonetheless his father falls silent almost immediately and the tension in the room thickens noticeably. Tony’s hands are still resting on either side of his face, but Peter’s eyes are firmly fixed on the ground, while his hands lying in his lap are balled to fists. The adrenaline in his veins turns to anger and confusion that puts a strange trembling in his voice he isn’t able to get rid of.
He doesn’t notice his dad’s wide eyes.
“Of course it is,” Peter whispers in a quieter voice than he would have liked to, but the fear and hurt in his veins render him useless. “You’re my parents.” It sounds like an accusation more than anything else.
… he left them behind, didn’t he? He-
at him from the top of his lungs.
With a deeper sigh his posture changes; he can’t sit still, lifts his head and shoulders to stand up and walk around the center table. Still with his back to Rhodey, still not looking in his direction. Because of the shards.
“With those breakfast burritos?”
“No.”
The dark haired man shook his head in disapproval, glaring at the blonde heavily.
“Didn’t even get back from debrief until about two hours ago, when I left he was out like a light.”
“Okay. Great job, darling. What about the sweater?”
Turning his gaze he fell into the soft brown, wishing he could summon a smile for all the emotions he finally began to feel.
Until one day, they had to.
“Peter was asking for you yesterday. And I didn’t know what to tell him.” Steve moved back towards the bed, “Normally, I would have just used my override code to get into the shop, but it wouldn’t work. I tried. I’ve tried I don’t know how many time in the last few weeks. But every time, JARVIS reminds me to remind you to update it.” He paused again to sigh, “Tony, I don’t know what’s going on, but I really wish you’d talk to me. The kids have been asking for daddy, and all I can give them is papa. We all miss you, Tony. Just…” Steve turned back to the door again, “I’ll be here when you’re ready to talk, okay?”
Tony pulled the drive out, “Already way ahead of you. Let’s get outta here.”
“Yeah J! What’s up?”
When Steve finally made it to the kitchen, he couldn’t help but smile. Tony was making pancakes and the kids were “helping”. More than anything, they were making a mess with the flour and chocolate chips and blueberries, but they were happy and Tony was laughing and Steve thought it might have been the most wonderful thing he had seen or heard in a while.
She sent up a silent prayer for her husband, and also, her fortune. It meant that they could just take off and they would have everything they needed no matter which property they went to. Malibu happened to be their favorite, but there were certainly others that they had spent a fair amount of time at.
Both women were waiting by the door, ready to go, but needing to talk to one of the parents before they left.
Peter just looked up at the man, “My family is coming. You won’t get away with this! They’ll be here really soon!”
It took the kids the better part of an hour to sort through everything Tony and Steve had put in the baskets. During that time, Bucky, Nat, Wanda, Sam, and Clint and his family had made their way up to the penthouse. Wanda was more than thrilled with seeing her brother; she still wasn’t quite comfortable around Steve and Tony yet, but she got along with Peter and Peggy swimmingly. Cooper and Lila also had baskets, equal in size to those of Peter and Peggy; their mouths dropped open at the sight of them.
That night though, the unthinkable happened. Toni woke up, a sense of absolute dread spreading through her at the damp feeling in between her legs and the agonizing pain spreading through her belly. She didn’t need to look down to see the red spreading over the white sheets of the bed.
arm, even Steve wasn’t dumb enough to punch a metal arm, “Alright, alright. If we renew our vows, you can be my best man. You might have to fight Sam though, he did it the first time around.”
They took one look at each other before running for the elevator, JARVIS already had the doors open.
“What, exactly, is so funny Master Peter? Do enlighten us.”
There was no coming back from this. Toni knew that for sure now. But it still hurt like a bitch. It hurt knowing that she’d have to raise this baby on her own. It hurt knowing that her broken marriage was all her fault.
Toni set to work packing a bag, not knowing what was going to be on PEI, considering that she had forgotten that she owned it. There was no telling what was or wasn’t going to be there.
Steve was already running for the elevator, “JARVIS? What is it? Is he hurt?”
Now don’t get it wrong, Steve was glad to have his best friend back, but he just really wasn’t who he wanted to see right now.
As soon as they walked in the room, Nat had locked her gaze on the two of them, making at least Toni feel like a small child again. Looking over at Steve, the feeling was mutual.
Tony woke up, realizing that he had fallen asleep on the workbench, again.
“Hey, sweetheart. Papa’s here. Daddy’s here. You’re safe now, you’re home. Nobody’s gonna hurt you now baby. Peggy, can you talk to papa? I’m right here, sweetheart, daddy’s right beside you. Can you talk to us, Peggy?”
Steve watched as a ginormous smile spread across Tony’s face.
For the rest of the ride, the family stayed like that, curled into each other in an attempt to find comfort. It was very easy in the back of the Quinjet, it was designed to hold the maximum number of people, not accomodate cuddling families, but somehow three-fourths of the Stark-Rogers clan made it work.
Peter just darted into Tony’s arms, not prepared to let go for a good long while.
He was over to the screens so fast, it would have made Thor’s head spin, “Yeah, all of it, right here, right now. Thanks, JARVIS.”
A few rooms over, their captors had cameras on Grand Central Station. Specifically on locker 12B. They saw Sam and Rhodey putting the suit inside.
Steve’s smile was still matching Toni’s when he wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed their foreheads together, “I’m okay with whatever you’re okay with. If you think we should tell the team right now, then so be it. But if you want to wait until you start showing, that’s okay with me too. Alright?”
Before she left for Spain, she left the ring on Steve’s nightstand. Toni didn’t look back.
“Papa, it w-was so s-scary. I-I thought that t-they had taken P-peggy. A-and that y-you were n-never gonna f-find me!”
Tony looked like he could see straight through what Cap was trying to do, “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing here Rogers. But. I’ll indulge you, only because we get stuck watching Titanic later.” After a pause, he added, “What movie were you thinking?”
She felt papa moving beside her.
Steve gave another sigh, this one in frustration, “Tony, you know you can talk to me. I’m not gonna tell anyone anything you don’t want told.”
syrup over her head. Steve groaned before swinging her into his arms and following Tony to the bathroom.
“Papa!”
Easter baskets, trying desperately to conceal their impatience, but failing spectacularly.
“Sweetheart, you can call me whatever you want. I’m yours, head over heels in love with you, for as long as you want.”
“It would just have to be a stomach bug.” Tony groaned while cleaning out the third puke bucket.
Tony smiled, dropping another kiss on her cheek, “Yeah peanut, be up in a minute okay?”
Tony and Steve took one last look at their kids before they headed for the assembly platform.
Suffice to say, the road to recovery would be a long one, but everything would be better after a good night’s sleep.
Steve didn’t even wait to ask JARVIS for entrance, he just started banging on the shop doors, begging Tony to let him in.
When the two finally came out of the kitchen with their coffee, they almost busted out laughing. Their children were both sitting by their truly
Steve gave a fond smile and a small chuckle.
Tony was hoping that by the time Peggy went to college things would have settled down at least a little bit. He’d probably turn Iron Man over to Riri by that point (she was already building her own version of the suit) [he’d wanted to give the suit to Peter, but Petey had Spider-Man], although getting Steve to retire from the Avengers would be a totally different story.
An hour later, Tony emerged out of the shop with the modified suit in tow.
Peggy just giggled while he zipped up her dress and led her off to find some different shoes. Converse were fine for the first grade, but not so much high school graduations.
“Sargant Barnes?”
“We’ll keep you updated, ma’am.”
“Oh screw them,” Tony mumbled around his burger,”you’re Captain Fucking America, you can do what you want. Anyone has a problem with that, tell them to talk to me.”
Tony’s heart almost broke at the sight of Steve when the doors opened. He had that lost puppy look on his face, like he wasn’t sure if he should be there or not. He was also wringing his hands, something he did when he was nervous. Tony hadn’t seen him do that around him since they first started talking about adoption. Something had to be seriously wrong.
The man stepped into the cell, coming towards them. Peter pulled them both into the far corner, knowing it would only delay the inevitable. The man reached down towards them.
The sobs were beginning to slow down too. Steve hiccupped and nodded.
“Who the hell is Bucky?”
Steve just punched him in the arm, his
His response came in a whisper, “Steve?”
Steve quickly rounded on Fury, “And why were we needed for this? It seems like you have this all under control. Why is this considered a Level 7?”
“Bucky’s getting the kids ready for bed. Don’t worry about them. Let’s worry about you, huh?”
They had another doctor’s appointment at the 16 week mark.
Steve looked hopeful for the first time since the kids had been taken, Tony jumped up and kissed Bruce. Steve wasn’t even phased at this point, but Bruce was rightfully startled.
Tony was drowning himself in work. Peggy and Peter were still sleeping with him and Steve, but Tony ended up waking up before any of them, allowing him to escape to the shop. He knew it wasn’t fair to the kids to just run, it had only been a few weeks, but they were starting to notice how much more they had seen Steve recently.
down the door. Stepping inside, he almost wanted to step right back out. There were traces of Peter everywhere in this room and not in a good way.
Tony crawled into bed and made grabby hands at Steve until Steve finally climbed into bed. Tony scooched until his back was against Steve’s front, content with feeling the solid, warm wall of his husband behind him.
Peter didn’t know what he was talking about, but the cell door was being opened by the man’s sidekick. If Peggy had been awake, he would have at least attempted an escape, but he couldn’t carry Peggy and get them both out the cell.
“Congratulations Mrs. Stark! Do you hear that heartbeat?” Dr. Evans was extremely cheerful today, mostly because they could now hear the heartbeat.
Tony was muttering to himself about facial recognition programs, finally having cracked all of the encryptions on the HYDRA files. JARVIS interrupted him.
It took a split second for Steve to cross the room. Immediately, he drew the covers off. Tony’s cries seemed to lessen.
“Девятка.”
that question.” Steve came around the bed and wrapped Tony in a hug.
Steve and Toni both laughed at the boy’s breathless rant. They viewed the Spiderling almost as their own child. Toni had found him online, fighting crime in Queens in a onesie and goggles. She had designed him a suit and given it to him under the guise of a Stark Internship. He still lived with his aunt (the kid
“I never wanted you. You ruined my life, you stupid, little bitch! I had everything before you came and ruined it all! You’re a problem that nobody wants! You really thought that they’d keep you? That they’d love you? How could they? You’re a mess! You can’t even sleep on your own! You have to have someone there or you wake up screaming.”
Tony’s smile was slightly subdued for a moment, “Daddy had a lot of work to get done. But he’s back for good now. I’m not going anywhere for a while, okay squirts?”
Sharon rounded the corner. She had apparently heard their conversation, because she was laughing at them. Why they didn’t know, but Tony certainly wasn’t afraid to ask.
Tony shot all five tranq darts into his neck.
It turned out that Pepper did have work to talk about. There was a company in Estonia (of all places!) that had something to offer to SI. They wanted both Pepper and Tony to fly out and meet with them next week. They were both on the fence about it. On top of that, SHIELD was trying to get some tech updated but they didn’t necessarily want to pay fees. Tony promised to sic Steve on Fury.
Tony swallowed. It had been the hardest thing he’d ever had to do, distancing himself from Steve. He had mostly avoided his husband for the past month, still splitting the days with the kids. Steve was slowly getting back to work, whereas Tony had thrown himself into work as soon as Peter was home safely. After the first few weeks, Steve had stopped making an effort to make Tony talk. Tony knew this was a good thing. Steve had finally gone and talked to Barnes about a week after his first attempt to talk to Tony. The two were working on getting Barnes back to being Bucky.
Her husband jack-knifed up in bed and turned the light on. Steve turned to look at Toni and his eyes caught on the sheets.
Peggy didn’t have an answer, she just curled further into the corner, hoping that the man wouldn’t come in. He didn’t come in, just looked at her for a moment longer and swept out of the room. She tried her hardest not to cry, she really did, but she wanted daddy and papa. She missed home, and Peter, and the rest of her family.
A few weeks later (Tony’s lawyers worked their magic again), Pietro Maximoff officially became Pietro Maximoff Stark-Rogers. They had discussed it at length and Pietro had wanted to take the same last name as his new siblings. Other than Wanda, the boy hadn’t had a family in almost four years, sharing the last name made him feel more like family and like he belonged there.
How was Steve supposed to say no to that?
Which was good, because Tony didn’t know if he could have met Steve’s, “Sure, no problem. Most of the stuff in the shop is done anyhow.”
Deep in the bunker, the man in black was watching the Avengers. He summoned one of his men.
“Papa! It hurts, make it stop!” He wasn’t quite sobbing yet, but almost.
“Well all you had to do was walk in, put on the Cap voice, and she just turned into a puppet!” Tony sounded totally indignant at his husband’s grousing.
One thing that hadn’t occurred to Tony however, was that, by being away from his little girl this much, he was also hurting her. He and Steve had told her that neither of them were leaving, but Tony left, as soon as Peggy fell asleep. He couldn’t bear to stand there and face Steve, lying to his face, all because he was scared. Scared that Steve would finally realize that Tony wasn’t good enough, that they didn’t belong together, that Steve could do so much better than Tony. Tony wasn’t going to just wait around to have his heart broken.
“We’re not gonna have anything to do without Peter.”
Natasha knocked on the door, and a hungover looking man answered. She looked back the car for confirmation that this was the father. When Tony nodded back at her, she knocked him out. Two other SHIELD agents advanced into the house, quickly bringing out the bitch that had the nerve to call herself Peggy’s mother. They were both handcuffed and thrown into the SHIELD vehicle.
“If you’re waiting for me to climb the walls, you’re gonna be waiting a while, because I don’t plan on doing that anytime soon.”
He made a mental note to bring some food down later, “Yeah sure, Tones. Whatever you need man. Let me know if you do need help though, you’re not alone in this.”
“I’m sorry, were you talking to me?” He looked innocent, but he knew full well what he was doing.
“Hey sweetheart.” Steve had found him, and bent down for a kiss.
A scowl etched itself on Bucky’s face, but it was enough to make Steve laugh. He continued on with his story, starting again with how they first talked about adoption. That led to him talking about Peter, the joys they had had seeing him grow up and
“Don’t leave. Please, don’t leave.”
“Can you talk to me?”
Tony had locked onto Peter. He and Steve were rapidly making their way towards him when
The couple walked back to the car in a state of shock, “I can’t believe it.” Tony got in the driver’s seat, not that it really mattered, the car drove itself.
At the mention of Peggy, Peter was wide awake, “Papa! You gotta wake up! We gotta go see Peggy! Now, Papa! Now!”
After Peter and Peggy got over their initial excitement at having Pietro home, their oldest looked up at Steve and Tony, “So where’s mine?”
Steve shook him to clear it, “Y-yeah. Right with you, Tony. Let’s go.”
“JARVIS, put me on lockdown. No one comes in, no one calls, texts, or emails me. Got it?”
Tony was walking towards the elevators, “No, J. God no. I don’t know what I’d even say to him at this point.”
“As always, Sir.”
Boy, did that ever get his attention.
He was running over to give them hugs before Steve could even come up with a response. The boy was clearly trying not to cry, but he wasn’t having much luck. For that matter, neither were Steve or Tony. Their family was expanding with a boy who desperately needed a family. They were more than happy to open their arms, hearts, and home to him. Pietro was hugging both of them at this point and none of them could have been happier in that moment.
“Steve, baby? It’s me Toni. I’m here now and I know now that I should have been here all along. I’m sorry I left in the first place. I-” Toni paused to choke down a sob, “I never should have left. I had no reason to leave. You were right, running is what I do best. Running or burying myself in work. This time I just happened to do both. But I love you and when you wake up, I hope that maybe you can find it in you to forgive me. If you can’t I-I understand.
“Peter! Pietro! Papa has lunch! Daddy, papa brought lunch!”
In unison, Tony and Steve groaned, the kids whined, but they all got up from the table. Bucky and Pepper had already been notified. They were in the penthouse within the next five minutes.
At his lovebirds jab, both men blushed, knowing they hadn’t been lovebirds in god knows how long. Fury didn’t need to know that information though, so the two headed back to car, riding back to the tower in complete silence. Neither of them knew that both hearts in the car were breaking just a little bit more.
Sometimes Tony rubbed his face so much, he thought it would come off, “Yeah, Bruce. No problem. I’ll let him know. It might be a bit. Peggy had just gotten to sleep when I left, so Steve probably isn’t going anywhere for a while. But I’ll tell him when he gets up.”
There was no answer from Steve.
On the other hand, sometimes having other people around wasn’t so helpful. Like when Natasha insisted that coffee and food were not the same thing, and that, no Tony, you can’t just live on coffee. Or when Steve would bring food down and sit there until he had eaten at least half. Or when Bruce also told him to wear safety gear in the shop, shoes were totally not necessary when welding.
Brief mentions of torture, physical and emotional. Please read with caution.
To his credit, Steve didn’t say anything about Tony’s sleep habits. Instead he talked about movie night on Friday (Clint wanted to watch Titanic again, no one else agreed), how he thought the suit could be improved (they had an argument over strength vs. flexibility), and some new coffee Steve had seen on his run (surprise! It wasn’t actually new).
“Does he blame me?”
Steve sighed but didn’t say anything while Rhodey called back with an affirmative.
“There is a small house on Prince Edward Island in Canada, miss. To my knowledge, its existence has never been divulged to Captain Rogers.”
Tony and Steve exchanged looks of alarm over Peter’s head, why would Peter even think that? They both sat there, cuddling Peter, whispering reassurances as much for Peter’s benefit as their own.
Sometimes Toni really hated being pregnant. She wanted the baby, but mood swings were a bitch and her’s were worse considering she usually had mood swings. The pregnancy just made them worse. She didn’t get morning sickness at all, but the mood swings were driving everyone, including her, insane. Steve was a saint for not asking for a divorce.
“Желание.”
“You promise you’ll be back at two?”
not nothing. Can you just tell me?”
A few weeks later, it had become a habit, more of a tradition really. Tony would spend too much time in the shop, and not enough time eating, sleeping, or socializing. Steve would appear and drag him to the communal floor for food and a movie after. This happened at least twice a week.
“Anytime you want baby.”
The scientist just turned back around to the other bank of holo-screens, “Yes, I suppose. But usually with you, there’s work attached to the call. So c’mon, Pep. Spill!”
Tony caught Peggy in his arms just as she leaped for him, “Is that so? Where is it?”
This time when Steve moved, he moved towards Tony, stopping when he had his hands on Tony’s shoulders, “Sweetheart, you know I love you. And I know you well enough by now to know that something has to be wrong for you to be doing this. But you need to help me understand. I can’t keep doing this, baby. You not being with me? With the kids? It’s killing me. I just need you to make me understand. Help me to understand. Please?”
Instead of an answer, Tony launched himself into Steve’s arms. They just looked at each other for a minute, before the sparks went flying. When their lips finally met, it was like seeing in color for the first time. Steve thought he went weak in the knees, while Tony was sure he would have collapsed if not for Steve.
As it turned out, preschool did wonders for Peggy. She was talking now, not very much, and not very often, but she did say more than papa and daddy and Peter. Another plus of starting preschool was that the nightmares came less often. Now, instead of every night, they happened two or three nights a week. Nat thought that maybe she was just tired and therefore sleeping better, and Tony and Steve were inclined to believe her. Unfortunately, making friends at preschool meant sharing, which meant that any number of germs were being exchanged at any given time. And with two small kids in the house, when one got sick, so did the other.
If someone had told Toni Stark five years ago where she’d be right now, she would have laughed in their face. Because where she was right now? It was so far away from what she was then, it’s not even funny. Five years ago, she thought she’d be dead in a few years. Decades of alcohol and drugs do that to a person. And that’s not even adding in her work as Iron Woman and the subsequent palladium poisoning.
Both of them were whispering to Peggy, desperately hoping that she would stop crying. They just didn’t know what to do.
Clint was finally the one to break down and do it, knowing that Peggy would want to be with her family. The tot had been asking for Peter since she got home and no one had known just what to say to her.
Tony sighed, knowing he wasn’t going to get anything past the superspy, “Well, you know Barnes is back in the picture. And I’m also assuming you know that Steve swung both ways, even back in the 40s. Do I need to keep talking or are you getting the picture?”
“You coming or what?”
Peggy was still crying after Steve and Tony left. She hadn’t said anything before they left, other than her plaintive cries of papa and daddy. Sharon figured she would calm down quickly. Pepper was inclined to agree with her. But when Peggy was still screaming and sobbing ten minutes after the team had left, they weren’t so sure. They just did their best to comfort the girl. Five minutes later, the proverbial alarm bells went off when Peggy started screaming words.
“Are we sure this is the right thing to do right now, Tony?” The last part of the question went unspoken between them. The part where they were just beginning to repair their relationship and put their family back together. Yeah, that part.
Tony whined, but continued with his story, “And the part where I never do anything right. And the part where I’m a spoiled brat.”
He walked over to where Tony was in the shop, “We don’t have to make a decision right now. I just thought that maybe getting her around other kids might be a good thing. But if you don’t think she’s ready, then we can wait.”
Finally, Toni let out the sobs and wails that had been building. Building since the minute she took off the ring. She sobbed for the child they had lost, she sobbed because she couldn’t even do this right, she sobbed because she had just lost the one person she had ever loved. There was nothing else to do, so she sat and cried and let the panic and grief consume her.
He was met with silence for a moment before Rhodey stepped forward, “Tones, the man was with HYDRA. We thought Nat had him on the ropes, and then he popped a cyanide pill before anyone could do anything. I’m sorry.”
“Papa!”
Tony sat up, propping his head on his fist, “There’s no promise I’d rather make. You might have to pry things out of me every once in a while though. We both know I don’t like talking.”
Peter sniffled a little, but looked up and nodded with a small smile on his lips. Toni gave him another kiss and squished him into a hug.
Tony mocked back, “ cAptAIN AmeIcA iS jUst A nAMe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And Toni got up to move over to the holo screens on the other side of the shop.
It was a unspoken rule in the tower that no one talked about their pasts, and no one asked. Nobody had ever said anything about this being a rule, it had never been written down either, but no one ever had to. The team was smart enough to know that asking would lead to doors no one wanted to open, and they all realized that asking was unnecessary. So no one ever did.
Thinking back on it, Steve thought the room seemed musty, so he nodded again.
He didn’t give Tony a chance to respond before answering, “I do, I can count back the days. The last time I fell asleep next to you and woke up the same way, was before the kids came home. Do you know how long ago that was Tony? It’s been six weeks.
Steve murmured something Tony couldn’t understand, “Can you repeat that Cap? Couldn’t quite hear you.”
The shit-eating grin on their son’s face had both Tony and Steve rolling in laughter. Tony managed to stutter out, “I-in your r-room, y-you goof!”
“Uncle Clint will probably bring food. Doesn’t that sound good, Peggy? Uncle Clint always has the best food, not like the fruits and veggies like papa. But don’t tell him I said that.”
Tonight though, might be even more memorable. Digging through the files that they could piece together, Tony and the team had figured out that the twins were still minors. Their parents had died three years ago, when the twins were eleven. Pietro being the only one who stayed with them, Steve and Tony had something to ask the silver haired speedster that had worked his way into their hearts.
“No, I’ll go down once Nat gets here. Thanks JARVIS.”
The scientist was already back at the screens, “No, it’s fine. I just wanted to give you what little bit of an update we do have.” He took a deep breath before continuing, “We know there was some sort of brainwashing involved. I don’t know yet how deep it went, but I’m guessing it did more harm than good, keeping him trapped for over seventy years? We were hoping that knocking him out would snap him out of whatever trance they had him in, which it did, but now we have a new problem. He’s not responding to anyone. Sam tried, partially because Bucky needed medical care. But Bucky wouldn’t let him get anywhere close. So then Natasha tried, thinking maybe he was used to a different language. He looked more alert at that point, but she didn’t get any kind of reaction either.”
“грузовой автомобиль.”
Tony sighed, “No, I’ll go up. I should check in on the kids anyhow. Thanks, J.”
Peggy’s biological parents? Not so much luck. He didn’t have anything to go off of. There hadn’t been cameras on the fire station where Peggy had been left and other than the clothes on her back, Peggy had been left with nothing. But hell would freeze over before Tony would stop looking. Those pieces of shit had hurt his little girl and they were gonna pay, no matter what the cost.
Peter just huffed, but he did turn around to walk into the building. He turned back around after a few steps though.
Fury and Sharon nodded in unison.
Steve was rubbing the back of his neck anxiously, waiting for Tony to give him a response.
Pepper and Tasha were the ones to finally talk Tony into it, he had been on the fence for a while. The idea of sending his little girl anywhere for any length of time still scared him, hell, it still scared him sending Peter to kindergarten every morning, but he agreed that preschool would be good for Peggy.
Peter was there and he was alive. He sat up when he saw the War Machine armor walking into the room.
The man laughed some more, “Oh but that’s where you’re wrong my dear, if they really cared about you, wouldn’t they already be here? Would you be here at all if they really cared?”
“Papa? Daddy?”
Those days hadn’t been easy, but they had led to this wonderful life they had now. Steve knew for a fact that he wouldn’t have traded those for the world.
“Hey squirt, yeah I’m here. Let’s get you out of here now, huh? Bruce is waiting in the Jet. You’ll be home real soon, kay?”
Peter stopped laughing, knowing he couldn’t very well tell them that they had been given a phony. More than likely though, JARVIS was still in the suit. If JARVIS was there, Peter had a chance of getting home. He only hoped that the man was telling the truth, that Peggy was home. Refusing to talk was probably a bad idea, but it wasn’t like he had another choice. He couldn’t tell them that the suit was a fake, that would give away any chance he had of getting to JARVIS. Surely daddy hadn’t sent the suit without some form of JARVIS in it, right?
And oh boy, did they go to bed that night.
The team was hesitant to wake the trio when they arrived back at the tower, knowing that Tony and Steve hadn’t slept hardly at all while Peter had been gone. No one knew just how bad off Peter was, they knew he was gonna have scars for a while. Eventually, his healing abilities would make them disappear, but for the time being, Peter had nasty scars that had even Natasha cringing at the sight of them.
Steve handed Peter back to Bucky, and Bucky and Natasha left immediately. With a synchronicity they hadn’t had in weeks, Tony and Steve moved towards Peggy. She was still whimpering, occasionally calling out for mommy to make it stop.
The girl sighed but knew that he was right, “If he has HYDRA’s data, it won’t take him very long to find either of us.” She paused, “If you can’t knock ‘em, join ‘em.”
Steve really hadn’t meant to fall asleep, he really hadn’t. Especially not on a day like today. Days like this always brought back memories, and nice memories or not, they weren’t welcome. On days like this? Memories of before the ice always made Steve cry. So he really tried not to remember. It didn’t matter if the memories were good ones or not, they were always reminders of people Steve was never gonna see again.
Steve wouldn’t trade any of it for the world. On the way there, Peter and Peggy were preoccupied with Bucky, so he had a few minutes to just sit and think. About how his and Tony’s relationship had started.
When they broke apart, Steve was crying again, and Tony was thinking about joining him. Tony pulled Steve back into his arms, partially because Steve was crying again, but partially to hide his tears.
The couple was now pacing a hole in the floor of Steve’s office, driving their friends crazy, as none of them were allowed to go out. They were too close to the case, although, no one knew how Clint and Natasha had managed to sneak past that rule. Tony was chugging coffee like there was no tomorrow and Steve just wouldn’t stop moving. Eventually, Sam and Rhodey forced them to sit down. For the first time in hours, the two really and truly looked at each other. They both looked about ready to collapse, the others were hoping they would tire themselves out and fall asleep, but neither were prepared to do so.
“Okay okay, I get the point. I should have told someone. They started after the Battle of New York. I think it was mostly because of the wormhole. You didn’t know because I moved back out to Malibu and after the fact I didn’t want to talk about it. I don’t think I really have specific triggers for the panic attacks, they just happen. When they first started happening, it was anything about New York that would trigger them really. I haven’t really had any since then though. I’m hoping there won’t be future attacks, but if there are what you did today seemed to work. I’d stick with that. I think maybe Pepper knew about them, but Rhodey definitely did. He was there when I had the first one. There was a kid I met while trying to figure out the Mandarin, his name is Harley Keener, he knows. That kid helped a lot with that whole mess, he’ll definitely get into any college he wants to, fully paid tuition too. But I digress. Any other questions?”
Peter was crying when Steve came over, “Peter?”
“Hey sweetheart. It’s okay. Daddy’s here, so is papa. And guess who we brought home? We found Peter, baby. Papa has him, Peter’s home.”
“I understand. I understand everything. Sweetheart, why didn’t you just talk to me?”
Natasha just leveled him with another glare, which prompted Tony to keep talking.
“If you’re wondering where your sister has gone, she’s at home. We traded her for Iron Man. You, on the other hand, young master Peter, have much more to give up than your parents ever could.”
“Daddy?”
Tony thought it was a Thursday, but he could have been wrong. He was only maybe 12% sure. He didn’t bother keeping track of the days, JARVIS and/or Pepper told him when he had something important to do, so why should he bother? Also, he had fallen asleep in the shop again, not surprising. Sometimes though, he fell asleep in the shop and ended up in his room the next morning, or whatever eight hours later was. He never mentioned it to the team.
He let out an undignified squeal as Steve scooped him up bridal style, still not saying a word.
The family piled into the car, driving along to the sounds of Peter telling everyone about his fantastic first day at school.
“Clint? Steve? Is there something you’d like to share? Because everyone else is looking at you guys, so ya know, just guessing that you might have something to do with this?”
Peggy wanted to scream, to tell her to go away. To tell her that she was lying. To tell her that her name was Peggy, not Layla. But she couldn’t speak. She tried to move. And found that she couldn’t do that either. She wanted to shove her out of the room. To kick, or hit, or punch. Anything to make her stop, to make her go away. But she couldn’t move. She could feel the tears flowing down her face as mommy continued to talk.
Steve leaned over and placed a kiss on Tony’s lips, “Happy Easter, Tony.”
Steve came back and sat next to Toni on the bed, “Is this what happiness feels like? What it really truly feels like?”
It wasn’t unusual for JARVIS to alert him to something, he just hadn’t been expecting it. Usually, it was Tony needing help in the shop. Fury always just called.
Peggy remembered her principal coming into the room with someone she didn’t recognize. She was called out of class, and went with the principal. Papa always told her to listen to her teachers. They went out of the classroom, and then the new man knocked out the principal. He picked Peggy off and started running. Peggy was going to scream for help, but then the needle plunged into her neck. After that, she thought she remembered being thrown into a van. But she definitely remembered the darkness.
Peter spat on the floor and sat up, “Daddy would never give you his suit. And even if you did send Peggy home, my papa will find you. He won’t let any of you get away with this.”
As it turned out, Peggy didn’t want to sleep for very long. At least this time, she didn’t wake up screaming and sobbing. Steve didn’t know if he could go through that again. Peggy also didn’t want to let go of Steve; which Steve was perfectly okay with. They went to go check on Peter, who was still asleep. Steve just smiled, there was no feeling better in the world than knowing your family was safe and together.
“Well,” Tony looked at Steve, “might as well bring them to the tower.”
When Toni woke up the next morning, her neck hurt, her mouth felt like the Sahara, and she was 50% sure she was dead. After stretching and groaning, she figured out she wasn’t dead, but fucking hell, she wished she was.
Peter’s cries were breaking their hearts, but they had to go. Peter had turned five two months ago, it was time for him to start school. As much as Tony and Steve would love nothing more than to never let Peter leave their sight, they knew it was necessary. The kid was wicked smart, of course he was, Tony was his father, and he needed to be in school.
Half of her face peeked up at him, wanting to stay buried in his warmth.
“Sir?”
“Steve? Do you not feel like you belong here? With me? With the team?”
“Did you really think they’d keep you? Did you really think anyone cared? They’ll never want you Layla, never. Nobody ever wants you. Why do you think I left you there? Why else would I go out and not come back? I was hoping you wouldn’t be there when I did, that’s why. Because you’re a mistake Layla, a terrible, horrible mistake that nobody and no one will ever want.”
Once they were both situated, Steve starting talking, “Tony? What can I do? What do you need?”
Of course, Steve made his way over to her and tipped her chin up to look him in the eye. When Toni met his eyes, she almost gasped. The baby blue eyes that had always held so much love were looking straight into her soul. There was a feeling of deja vu; these were the eyes that she had fallen in love with. These eyes that were so centered but simultaneously everywhere at once.
Just a PSA, notes give me life. And by life I mean inspiration. You know, that thing that makes me keep writing? yeah that. So if you have anything at all to say, it'd be much appreciated, thanks!
“Tony?”
He had already turned to look at the twins, “Do you think they know anything? Or were they victims? How much info do we have to work with here?”
“I know you heard me, Nat. Does he blame me?”
“готовы соблюдать.”
Tony was still glaring, “You mean the ones with the glitches that I fixed and then you wouldn’t give the damn files back? Yeah, I remember those, what’s your point?”
He was still huffing over it while they were getting ready for bed. Steve just chuckled, “If it makes you feel any better, Peter wasn’t any easier. He just kept building those new Lego sets you got him.”
“I just want to sleep Steve. According to JARVIS, I’ve been awake for 72 hours and counting. I need some sleep and then everything will be right as rain. Right, J?”
As it turned out, they were both in the shop when Toni’s contractions started. Toni was working on some coding for the newest edition of the StarkPhone, as well as new arc reactor plans for the compound. Steve was on the couch sketching. Neither of them liked being very far from the other, especially now that Toni’s due date was so close.
Tony’s response was slightly mummbled, “We’ll find them, Steve. We’ll find them if it’s the last thing I do.”
“Steve, please-”
Tony looked about ready to keel over and faint. Peggy had seemed off the last few days, but he and Steve had put it down to be, ya know, kidnapped by HYDRA. They never imagined that she would start talking about her past.
Steve and Tony ran towards Peggy, arms wide open. She was waking up, disoriented at first, but soon realized that daddy and papa had their arms around her. Peggy started crying immediately.
Suddenly Tony was right next to the couch. Steve thought he was talking, but really couldn’t hear.
“Семнадцать.”
When Steve got the alert, he almost crushed his phone. Tony had warned him about this. They had both agreed that implanting trackers in the kids was a good idea. They had been prepared in the event that someone ever tried to take the kids. But Steve never thought it would happen. Despite their adamant protests, he was almost positive that Fury had at least one agent stationed at the kids’ schools. Nat was the first one to notice the change in Steve’s breathing.
As soon as Tony was out of the suit, Peter came barreling at him.
Steve was the first to speak, “Sweetheart, we love you, so much. You’re staying right here with us, okay? You’re not going anywhere baby. We love you too much. You’re our little girl and we’re a family. You and me and daddy and Peter. You’re ours, forever and always Peggy, okay?”
Natasha waited a minute before responding, “Could we rig a hologram? Based on what I’ve seen of these goons, they’ll go in person to pick the damn thing up.”
Tasha was filing her nails, “I think you should at least try it. If it seems to be causing more harm than hurt, then bring her back home. Just an idea.”
The twins were housed on the floor under all the teams’. It kept them fairly close to people Tony and Steve trusted, but not so close that it would make anyone twitchy. JARVIS had the floor on lockdown, ensuring that neither of them could get out and there were SHIELD agents patrolling the exterior of the building 24/7 now.
I know that Peggy is supposed to be around 3. I'm aware that I might be making her seem younger than she is. I think I have something in mind for this though,so just bear with me please? Thank you!
Toni jumped so that her legs were around Steve’s waist, “Alright, soldier. Take me to bed?”
“Peggy, c’mon baby! Just eat the carrots! You liked them the other night!”
They met up with Clint and Tasha a few minutes later. Thor and Sam were on their way. Once they got there, Tasha started talking
Tony walked in with a very unimpressed look on his face, “Scoot soldier, I need in there too. You at least have a supersoldier serum running in you, I, on the other hand, am a normal human being who hasn’t slept in the last three days. So budge over.”
The door opened again, revealing several more men. They were dragging with them what they thought was the Iron Man suit.
The supersoldier shook his head when he realized Bucky was talking to him, “Yeah, Buck, I’m here, just thinking about things.”
More creaking and groaning sounds.
Another hiccup, a sob or two, and then finally, “Y-yes.”
HYDRA was seriously slacking in their training. Suddenly, they weren’t there anymore.
JARVIS responded, too sassily Tony might add, with, “Sir, it has indeed been approaching 48 hours since you ate anything substantial. Might I suggest you eat something soon?”
Peter jolted awake, yet again. Although, this time, not in pain. He was more aware this time, though he highly suspected he had been drugged again. He was looking around the cell, hoping for something different. And there was definitely different this time. Peggy was gone.
The look on Steve’s face looked like he was in actual pain holding back his words, but he managed.
He was pretty sure it was the same cell as before, but he couldn’t be sure. Peggy was curled in the corner, still sleeping. Or maybe sleeping again? Peter didn’t know. He didn’t see any new escape routes, but maybe he could get the vent cover off when Peggy woke up. He looked back over at Peggy.
“отправить в актив.” (
Nat went to get another mug out of the cupboard, while Tony pulled another stool up to the breakfast bar. Bruce offered Steve some eggs and bacon when he came over. Steve ate in silence while the others did “work” on their tablets. They all knew they weren’t actually doing work, but they pretended for Steve’s sake. When he was finished, Steve stuck his dishes in the dishwasher, mumbled a thank you, and headed back to his floor. Tony, Nat, and Bruce stayed in the kitchen, quiet, until JARVIS assured them that Steve was back in his apartment.
He was slightly disappointed by what he found. He was hoping Bruce had the cure for diabetes or something. But no, it was just Bucky. Tony knew he shouldn’t be so bitter, Barnes was the only tie Steve had left of his past. After Peggy, the original one, had died last year, Steve had sunk into a depression that Tony almost hadn’t been able to drag him out of. The problem that Tony had with Barnes was that it was clear Steve had been in love with the guy once upon a time. Not that Tony thought Steve was going to leave him. Actually, scratch that, that was
(See the end of the chapter for
After the first trimester was over, everyone had taken a sigh of relief. They were essentially out of the woods. Toni stopped going on missions after they told the team, staying in the shop and operating the suit remotely. Everyone thought everything was going to be fine.
Toni had sent Nat a text, telling her that she was in charge for the next two weeks. After that, she had JARVIS filter out all unnecessary communication. Which meant that anything that wasn’t a 911, was blocked. After that she fell asleep on the couch.
Tony started bustling around the shop again, simultaneously talking to JARVIS. Steve just stayed where he was. He made no move to leave, but also didn’t attempt to start a conversation. However, everytime Tony looked over, Steve was wearing the eyebrows of disappointment. And damn it, if those things weren’t more effective than puppy dog eyes.
Peter mumbled out his last few words before he couldn’t fight sleep anymore. Peggy had nodded off a few minutes prior, but Peter hadn’t noticed. Soon though, they were both out cold.
“Just know that you don’t have to give us an answer right away. We’re prepared to give you as much time as you need to give us an answer.”
“Steve? I need you to breathe for me, okay Cap? You hear me? I need you to breathe. I’m gonna breathe with you. Ready? In. Out. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out.”
ale?”
Tony pretended to be asleep while the love of his life walked out the door. He pretended the sobs he was holding in weren’t there. He pretended that this wasn’t killing him more slowly and painfully than the palladium.
He was promptly smacked across the chest, “Yes, of course there’s a point punk. Just listen. I’m assuming Tony knows that you swung both ways even way back before the ice right?” After Steve had nodded his head again, Bucky continued, “Okay and then I show up. The only person you have from before the ice. And there might have been some things said before that led him to believe that we may or may not have been a thing?”
“Hmmm?”
“Alright, munchkins. Let papa and I get some coffee and then we’ll go see about this Easter Bunny business, sound good?”
Another unsurprising thing about Bucky, Peter and Peggy were absolutely entranced with him. When Sam had brought up the subject, Bucky had been the most hesitant one of them all, not wanting to risk hurting Steve’s kids. Eventually though, he did meet them and they all got along like three peas in a pod.
“Peggy! PEGGY! YOU NEED TO WAKE UP! PEGGY PLEASE WAKE UP!”
“Yes Dr. Banner?”
It turned out, Sam was right, as usual. When Bucky saw Steve, the tension that had been simmering for weeks almost instantly bled out of his frame. Hope flooded his eyes.
Clint took off with the explosions. The bunker wouldn’t serve HYDRA, or anyone else for that matter, anymore. Peter had gotten a kick out of seeing Thor use the lightning to blow it up. The kid needed to laugh.
Little bit more of the twins in this chapter. I just want to say right now that this fic holds none of my opinions on any of the characters. There are some that I like more than others, but I withhold judgement within this fic. Also, there might be a few less chapters in this fic than I was intending. The next few chapters just kind of took on a life of their own. Just warning you. If it goes the way I think it's going, there may not be another work in this series either. I'm not too sure about anything right now though. Thanks for reading!
never about before. Why should it be better or different now? If anything, it’ll probably be worse.”
Natasha was about to speak when Bucky’s frantic voice came over the speakers, “Steve! You need to get up here, right now! I don’t mean in five minutes punk, I mean now!”
Tony and Steve stared at each other, unblinkingly, for a while before they both broke down. Sam was urging everyone out of the room, sensing that the couple needed space. After everyone was gone, they curled into each other as best they could on the couch. Tony spoke first,
“And just where do you think you two are going?”
He heard the sounds of the doors whooshing open before he heard the pitter patter of Peggy’s feet.
Tony moved closer, “Yeah Steve, I’m here. They’re still not here.”
She sat down in the chair next to the bed and started talking.
Steve came in, Peggy finally sleeping in her own bed. Peter saw him and immediately started sobbing harder.
Then mommy started talking.
No sounds at all.
Tony looked over and looped Steve’s fingers with his, “Maybe it will be good for her. Bring her out of her shell a little bit?”
Peter was taller than the average kindergartener, and Peggy was slightly small for a three year old. They fit together perfectly though.
Peggy was happy with Tony, but saw Steve and immediately reached out for him. It probably helped that Steve was also carrying Peter, who was on the verge of crying again. Steve sat down on the couch with both of the kids snuggled on top of him. He motioned for Tony to go talk to Pepper and Sharon, he could handle them both for a bit.
“Is he-?”
“I don’t know that what you’ve been doing constitutes as sleep Sir, but you have not slept in your bed in roughly three weeks.”
Toni kept feeling twinges in her back all day. She thought it was just because the pregnancy was progressing, she was getting bigger, coupled with the fact that she had been bent over the workbench all day.
Thankfully, the elevator opened and Bucky walked out. Tony hadn’t been wrong about Bucky an Nat, they had gotten together. Unfortunately, by the time everyone had found out, Steve and Tony’s bet had escalated. Details are unnecessary, but there were a few nights that Steve didn’t get much sleep and not in the good way.
Tony had wanted to just buy kiddie pools and fill them with candies and other goodies, but Steve had quickly vetoed the idea on the grounds that the kids didn’t need that much sugar. Tony had huffed and sighed and whined but eventually compromised by finding the biggest Easter baskets possible. Which, if Steve was being honest, they probably weren’t that much smaller than the kiddie pools that Tony had originally proposed.
He sighed, what was the point? The kids weren’t going to eat their veggies and there was nothing he could do about it. It wasn’t like he could withhold dessert when there wasn’t any. He had half a mind to call Tony up from the lab on the basis of it being an emergency, but gave up the idea rather quickly.
“I just keep expecting to wake up and see Peggy next to the bed, begging to be cuddled. Or to hear Peter climbing the walls, even after we told him to stay in bed.” Steve took a deep breath, “How much longer can we go on without them Tony? How much?”
Steve stumbled out of the elevator. He had asked JARVIS to take him to his floor, the one he had moved out of when he and Tony became official. The one he hoped he’d never have to see again. But right now he had no other choice. He didn’t want the kids to see him like this! It was bad enough that they had a parent who was essentially MIA, they didn’t need to see the other one all broken up.
“It appears Sir is in his workshop. Should I brief him on the current situation with Sergeant Barnes?”
Steve opened his mouth to speak but Tony beat him to it, “If you say one thing about my sleeping habits, I am revoking all of your security codes to get into the tower. Including the workshop and the gym. Choose your next words wisely.”
She came to and it felt like coming out of a fog. Clearly, the person trying to wake her up was Clint, but Clint hadn’t been in the Red Room. Why was he here now? Where was here, for that matter. The fog started to clear.
Tony’s tears were flowing freely now, “I-I just, I thought that you would want him. He’s so much better than me and the kids were getting along with him and what do I have to offer that he doesn’t?”
An hour later, Tony was sitting in the audience watching Pietro walking onto stage to receive his diploma. The kid was genius level smart and was going to be going to MIT in the fall, just like Tony had. It was hard to believe that this was his life now. He had a wonderful husband, three kids, one who was graduating, and an entire team who had his back at any given time. They had come so far since first meeting it wasn’t even funny, but it was a good life and Tony wouldn’t have given it up for the world.
A sigh escaped from Steve. He knew he needed to go talk to Bruce, but right now? All he really wanted to wrap his family up and stay with them for as long as possible. He just guided Tony back towards the bedroom, “I’ll go talk to Bruce later, right now, I think we need some time.”
what Tony was afraid of.
Peggy just slept on.
Steve laughed before kissing Tony again, “Of course.” He got up and offered Tony his hand, “After you, your majesty.”
The family had a lot of healing to do.
Tony looked at Steve sheepishly, “Hey! At least I got a decent amount of sleep last night!”
So Steve continued, “I don’t know what’s been going on with you lately, but sometimes I think I see more of everyone else than I do of my own husband. Does that seem right to you? Because it doesn’t to me. It used to be, that you were the last face I saw at the end of every day and the first one I saw in the morning. You wanna know the last time that happened, Tony? Do you even remember?”
When Tony looked up, Steve’s heart broke just a little bit more. His eyes were bloodshot and bleary, Steve hadn’t seen them this bad since before they got married. Tony practically collapsed into his embrace. Steve just adjusted Peggy so he could hug both of them.
She knew nothing.
“-ound him- oh god- end hel-”
Leave comments below telling me what you think!
“Tony-” The word was forced out from between his lips, a breath releasing into the air with instant regret. He tended to get quiet during panic attacks, words limited as he curled into himself and tried to hide from the world.
“Okay, then you have to trust me.”
“It doesn’t happen a lot.”
His hands began trembling anxiously, patience thin until he heard movement and a small timid voice grew from the other end.
“What flavor jello do you want?”
“I think you are doing so well in PT, your health, even your simple tasks on your chart.”
“Tony-”
“I know.”
“He just needs you. And me. Everything else will work itself out, we just need to be patient.”
“Tony,” his tone was choked up, swelling all the way down to his stomach as they did flips around his insides. A part of him knew what they were doing was right, but he also needed to smother himself away until there was nothing but him and the quiet.
He watched the man fold it neatly on the counter top, safe and sound as he was leaned back into the seat. The sob in his chest was still growing and it wasn’t until a cloth smothered his cheek that he noticed he was crying.
“I am, sweetheart,” the voice was so soft, gentle and kind in every way as he continued to try and soothe him through the speakers. “I am coming right now. I need you to focus on what happened and tell me, can you do that?”
“Hey, Darling, I got you. Everythings alright, you’re okay.”
He choked on a sob, feeling it bubble in his throat as he realized his mistake.
“You already do. So much, Tony.”
The bed dipped, a hand pulling his face back and directed.
“I got some of the best shit you’ve ever seen, got the tangles out with barely any cutting at all. I know you would hate me if you woke up without any hair.”
His hair grew heavy, dripping down his neck and rising a shiver up his spine.
“Doll, can you take a deep breath?”
The kiss against his forehead was expected, basically routine and he melted into it as Tony shifted to look at his watch.
“What color sweater do you want after your bath tomorrow?”
He was sat up quickly, Buck holding him in place as Tony grabbed both sides of his face.
“You gotta breathe, hey, listen to me! Pal, you’re gonna be okay. We are figuring this out, we’re gonna get you home and find out what happened-”
“You need some sleep, pal. Stop being a punk and go get some rest.”
“Okay, then you have to trust me.”
The hand trailing his finally caught up, holding tightly to his fingers as they shook viciously underneath.
He wasn’t telling them anything!
“Are you scared of going back?”
He had never felt so elated, body heavy in the sheets as he let the stress fall right off his shoulders. This was the best moment of his life, he felt so alive and he only wished he could join the conversation to tell them he did love darling. And sweetheart and everything Tony spent his time coming up with.
“Get on your bed, Stark.”
“I know, I got you, baby, I know.”
Hands rolled him back over, a harsh sob staggering up his throat as he shook his head and began to panic.
Everything shifted into a place and at moments he was too comfortable, but that familiar voice always seemed to bring him back. No matter how claustrophobic he began to feel in the streets, how chilled the air grew up his limbs, or even how scattered his mind began to feel, that hand was in his. Those fingers were trailing down his spine and everything just slowly, yet perfectly began to slide back into place.
“Stay with me, I need you.”
And the kiss pressed against his forehead.
“I’m right here, you’re okay.”
He got a shake of the head, letting his fingers run through the blonde strands just enough to soothe the man against him.
He repeated the word over and over, falling into the chest before him and letting himself break. There was no way he could tell Tony, he couldn’t let the man handle it alone. Not until he was strong enough to go with him.
The free hand ran through his bangs, not drawing out the familiar sting causing him to sigh gently.
“What flavor of jello do you want tonight?”
He could accept the loneliness, because chances are if he’s here, everyone else is pardoned
“You were held in the raft prison for four-hundred and fifty-four days. On top of that you have been in this hospital for almost two months.”
“Tony!”
Tony.
“I know, but you told me it would help and that's what I'm here for, sweetheart. I’m going to help you get back to me.”
The sight of the man threw him into an ocean of relief, dragging him out of the hell he’s been in and things were finally not okay. His entire existence was finally falling into shambles and the sight of Bucky behind him had him falling heavily into the sheets. Tony was in tears himself, but quickly readjusted his neck before the bed began moving upward.
The blue eyes went wide.
“Tony..”
Tony looked determined as he raised an eyebrow at the silence.
Tony looked determined as he raised an eyebrow at the silence.
He shook his head, letting his tears be wiped away as he fought for breath.
He was okay as the door opened across the spacious area, drawing a flinch from his limbs as he subconsciously pushed backwards across the floor. He was okay as silent tears dripped down the sides of his face as footsteps grew heavier the closer they got to his bars. Steve Rogers would be fine even as the key jammed into the lock and swung open the heavy door, new breathing filling his space as the lights flashed on and sent him into a world of pain. Each cry of pain was worth it, he knew his fate was sealed and as he was dragged toward the all too familiar room of agony he let it happen.
“Tired.”
“Promise?”
I still don't remember writing any of this; guys I am really into this story!
He stared at the phone in shock, vision blurred as he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. His head twisted in denial, finger shaking as it hovered over the call button. By the time he forced himself to call back it went straight to voicemail and the hand on his should tried capturing his attention.
They talked until Steve fell asleep, or until the medication took him, but he thinks it was exhaustion because otherwise he wouldn’t have woken up through nightmares. The loud beeping grew the pounding in his head and it wasn’t until Tony pulled him from the bed up into his arms that he calmed down. In this daze he thought he was screaming, but he wasn’t even close and the only sounds aside from the machines were the shushing from the older man.
Yet here he was, lying against a chair, lying his face on the cold glass of the window, and letting himself focus on nothing by the dark skies until any other thought
The air left the room, taking his breath with it and the way he froze must have alerted Tony against his own decision.
Time seemed to flash, the soapy water dripping down his body as the hands continued cleansing it. Soft words bled into the air and despite the moments he was too out of it to understand, the tones were enough to keep him still. Hiding himself within the other kept him together just long enough to hear the door open as more footsteps appeared.
He looked up at him in question.
“I really don’t want to go back to Mathews.”
“Alright, back a little more.”
“Alright,” Tony pulled away the cup, tossing it on the counter behind him before handing the blond a cloth. Steve wiped his face quickly, turning away and curling up toward the window.
“You spending the rest of your life here may seem great, no responsibility that you could mess up, no enemies getting past your team to get to you, even surrounded by everyone you hold dear, but eventually the world has to move forward and if you aren’t moving with it you will be left behind. Tony and Bucky have to move on eventually, and they are desperate to bring you with them, there is nothing they want more than that. But, if you don’t try, their choices become limited. I’m not saying this to tell you to get out now, you still have a lot of things to get through, however eventually you will want to live and if you wait too long, it may be too late to start.”
Rhodey held him as he cried.
“Steve, please!”
“I would never let that happen.”
Bucky came around, forcing him down causing strings of claustrophobia to run down his skin.
“They’re all gone and i’m all alone-”
“You get any sleep?”
With puppy eyes and all, they were both denied their requests, watching him step into the area and make his way around his teammates on the floor. He made his way up to Tony, revealing the blanket in his other hand and waiting for the genius to make some room. Unable to deny anything his love wanted, the man scooted himself backwards, making more than enough room for the soldier to make himself comfortable and sprawl across the space. His face went into the man's chest, arms around his waist, and legs tangled as Tony fixed the blanket and breathed out a soft sigh.
He just hasn’t attempted to walk yet, or speak, and the nightmares have lessened a considerable amount.
However, this scenario? His story ended here. He was going to die here without a friend, without a family, without a second chance and there was no ice to preserve him. There was no chance of return, he knew no one was going to look for him at this point. Through the years there are only so many times you can keep fighting before finally accepting the fact that you have to move on.
“Okay, alright, do you wanna tell me what happened in your dream?”
“Listen, hear me and what I'm saying. You are doing good in some areas, yes? But, the weight of everything else is going to catch up and before that happens you have to get some things out of your head.”
There was a bit of yelling before a light flashed across the room and at first he thought the lights were coming on so he hid his face, but through the motion he saw a soft blue and grew a bit confused. It was the first time he wasn’t blinded and as the flash made itself closer the voice seemed to get a bit louder. It wasn’t an angry shout or an order, it was almost worried. He watched it hit every empty cell around him before landing on him and he had to close his eyes as it sat vibrantly against him for a bit too long. He almost thought it was stuck, it barely flinched from its sight and before he could reach out to see if it was his last one it dropped to the ground. The crash shook him from his stupor and as the bars began to slide open he shot back from the commotion. The guards never came in the dark, they still thought that he could take them out despite his pain. Also, each step toward him was uneven, rushed and unclear as a hand wrapped too tightly around his bicep. Of course he winced, but it was then again silent and his face must have expressed his pain as he was tugged into some kind of cold material.
“I love you too.”
“It’s time to eat.”
He heard a small sniffle, already aware of the trembling shoulders as his fingers left the man’s neck to thumb the skin at his temple.
“Steve? Darling, can you hear me?”
His hands ran through his hair, walking toward the door and appearing a second later with a confused Bucky in tow.
He shook his head again with as little effort as possible to get his answer across.
Bucky crouched in front of him as the sheets fully disappeared, face holding in a lifetime of sadness as a small smile painted itself across his face to hide it. No words were spoken, metal and flesh sliding under his shoulders to hoist him up to a sitting position. Tony came around next, a new sweater folded protectively in his arms along with a pair of pajama bottoms.
Jesus christ.
They washed him enough to get the grime away, voices constantly reassuring him of where they were and what they were doing before they finished. After, he got a new sweater, a soft gray, and he curled up around it as he was brought back to his bed. The mattress. It was nothing like a bed, it wasn’t comfortable enough and the quilt over his shoulders was the only warmth he gained from it.
He nodded, hearing Jarvis mumble in the back knowing he had an eye on the soldier himself.
“Everything.”
“Alright, then let's go.”
“Not as much as it used to.”
It normally would have broken his heart, but he didn’t have the right. Crawling back because he was lonely? No.
“Baby, you just spoke.”
“What kind of tests?”
“Who was on that raft. Buck, I should have told you!”
“You had a nightmare?”
“Your sleep schedule is disgustingly out of place. If you wake me up at midnight again tonight I might divorce you.”
“That's it, I am so proud of you- Sweetheart, you are finally home.”
“What?”
“Jesus christ- I love you, Stark.”
He laid Steve against the seat as Bucky once again reached for the clothing, frowning lightly as Tony stopped the water.
Leaning back he reached for the remote, figuring out the buttons before hesitantly turning the technology on. It was still on the same page, paused, and he quickly hit play.
It was okay.
“Did they try to make an attempt at the serum?”
Part of him knew he deserved this fate, sitting in silence for the rest of his life until the man came searching for answers, but a part of him knew there was so much more. All of the fighting he’s done took away the life he never got to live; the soldier never got to travel, to try foreign food and fly in a real plane. He never got to buy his own car or meet friends down in the city for coffee and it was meaningless, but it was everything. A part of him wanted to live a life without pausing for a war, without craving a war. His mind was circling around the idea of being so happy that he could go stretches at a time without picturing a bomb blowing up the current building around him.
The body behind him was protective, almost magnetic to his side, causing him to feel more safe than he had since he woke.
“I know things are tough, we are gonna work through them, pal.”
“Yeah, it’s me. You got yourself good, going to have a nice welt for a bit.”
A hand hit his head, drawing a stroke of pain across as it repeated the motion.
“Steves pressuring me into sexual actions, I don’t know what’s in that smoothie, but he’s creeping me out.”
“We’ll do this one step at a time.”
“Do you think you’re going back?”
“What day do you think it is, Steven?”
“Good job, what are we thinking now?”
“Easy, there you go. Get it all out, there we are.”
“Remember when I said I was going to take care of you? That's on everything, even the stuff you won’t like. This is something you have to do.”
“I love you, I am here for you, you just have to let me help.”
But..
Biting his lip he looked at his best friend, watching the eyes guide him on with what he was going to say.
So he waited until it stopped.
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry, give me a hug.”
Biting his lip he held back a response, still not speaking nearly as much as he should.
“Dammit,” he mutters quietly and puts his hands in his unruly hair to blow off some of the frustration in his pumping veins. Here he is in one of the best equipped facilities in the world with computers and technologies Apple can only dream of, but no way to-
Even though being able to glimpse behind the stoic mask of the chauffeur and bodyguard every once in a while is a treat he appreciates and that amuses him all the same.
And there he is, handing Peter the perfect way out, quite literally in this case.
It is his fault. Not solely, of course he knows that, of course he is aware. But –
“Deep breaths, you’re just being silly,” Peter mumbles to himself and stems his hands into his hips. Okay. Right. No need to panic. They are usually there for him at the weekends, unless – Right, unless there is a mission. But then again they would have let him know first, they would have made sure he is alright, not sick with the flu (or some supernatural spider bite), they would have at least called despite their disagreement and whatever went down between them in the past days…
Not even an acknowledgement.
His feet slip into the slippers at the end of the couch, before he drags his waking body into the kitchen to get something to eat, because
“Sure I do,” farmer-guy mumbles sarcastically, but instead of calling them out like Peter expects him to do like everyone else always does, he simply shrugs with a heavy sigh and reluctantly gives in. “I’m not flying you over the fucking country, just so you know. After last time I’m so done with you guys, tell that your dear mother.”
The darkness feels calming, cradles his solitude and pulls him further into the semi-awake state he is caught in. Not that he wants to escape it. A slight scratching noise fills the silence in the room for a moment, when he pushes himself further into the corner. Not much space, a secluded tiny room, dark, empty, just like himself. It’s
“I do, thanks Happy. When will you be here?”
“No need, we have to leave.”
In the reflection of the windshield he can see Nate’s puzzled glance, when the sun dips behind thick clouds and renders them blind in the sudden darkness.
The reluctance disappears and his tense shoulders seem to droop.
A short beep. Ear-deafening silence follows. His heartbeat speeds up.
“Alright, lead the way, kid.”
“Shit, ohmygod! They gonna kill me – Happy is gonna kill me, what am I gonna do?!”
For a second Tony stills as if he is about to turn around. Instead he keeps standing behind the desk, unmoving and edgy, with an accusation on his lips that nonetheless gives way to the hidden worry and confusion in his voice.
Rhodey is still sitting at the table and watches him with troubled eyes, while Tony kneels in front of Peter and the couch he currently sits on. For a moment he wonders, then he pushes the irrelevant thought aside and pays more attention to the bruise on the side of his father’s face, the sharp smell and the way he looks at Peter – until some of the mumbling reaches his ears and makes him snap out of the captivating mindset he buried himself in for the past minutes.
“I- I did. It’s morning already.”
“Not one like that,” he mumbles his reply and tries to smile politely, but Henry has already turned back to Nate. Rude.
And that he didn’t realize it up until now (he always did, he always knew when to put Peter to bed and tell him goodnight) is another punch to the gut he isn’t sure he can take as well right now.
He doesn’t give him the time to make it right. He doesn’t deserve it.
His family is already torn apart. It can’t get worse than this, can it?
“Everything counts. I get it. Did you notify Stark yet?”
And it’s disgusting how true he feels it is, even though it couldn’t sound more selfish, so he adds quietly, “I wanna fix my family.”
Things surrounding this SuperfamilyAU will be explained during the story, if you have specific questions though let me know and I'll make sure to include them.
The look disappears behind a cloudy mist in Tony’s eyes, his face closes off to an unreadable mask with a tight smile on his lips that resembles more a grimace than anything else. His hand pats Peter’s head awkwardly, before he turns around to return to his project.
“Where is he?”
And he wouldn’t be his fathers’ son, if he wouldn’t put it together in the only logical way available.
- Gwen wasn't supposed to appear in this story at all - she was going to have a bigger role in the sequel. Still has, but well, here goes her first appearance.
His hand is genuinely stuck to the fridge door. Something akin to panic begins to bubble up in the back of his throat, because he still remembers the most memorable part of the school trip, no matter how much he tries to shove it further and further away from his consciousness. With a rushed “See you in five Happy, bye” he indicates Friday to cut the call.
So how is he going to find them?
Instead of panicking like Peter does, Nate doesn’t notice though.
What does he know for sure?
The familiarity of that simple gesture pushes the fear in his heart away for a moment (it’s okay, it’s not gonna come that far) so he can take a deep breath. It eases the tension in his shoulders and forces his clenched muscles to relax. His right hand remains balled into a fist, safely tucked in between their chests. It’s not gonna end like that.
“Will he go back to that?”
“He didn’t hit you, did he?”
Then maybe only pops can. Despite their fight, despite the obvious hate Tony has for his missing spouse.
His hushed voice breaks off when he hears Happy not too far away calling for him. With a weary “Just call me back.
It’s worse than expected, even in this situation – whatever can count as normal right now.
“Friday, call Bruce.”
“New York City,” he quickly mutters to stop himself from embarrassing himself not only mentally, but also physically in the not too distant future, when another voice ends the beginning of their little conversation.
So while stopping in his sprint to get away Peter whirls around and lets some of the fear and insecurity of the past hours bleed into his eyes. It’s easier than expected.
“Let go kid, I’ll get you back inside and then you’ll tell me what this bullshit is about.”
Happy teases back with a tone in his voice that sounds only half as sarcastic as usual. Peter lets it go for once and is about to close the fridge door again to get ready…
bad. He just knows somehow, Nate needs to realize they have to leave, as fast and as far as possible-
Nearly as much as he misses spending time with his dads and the rest of the team back in the Avengers tower, when it wasn’t overshadowed by crazy maniacs and crucial doubts he isn’t able to erase from his dad’s eyes.
The silence continues and the remote stays untouched. He can’t.
“Really? Because it doesn’t seem so at the moment. Just yesterday you talked about your husband as a – and I quote – ‘
“Peter, buddy, are you in here?”
He doesn’t notice Rhodey nodding into his direction.
But having Pops go now already, just mere hours –
“I thought you talked to him.”
The shattering sound of the cup re-enters his mind and his thoughts fall silent for once.
“Where are you guys from? Haven’t seen you about and usually we rarely have new faces around here,” she quietly asks and glances up at him for a moment, before her eyes return to her task.
At least enough to get away from the premise.
And then they are running again, through abandoned corridors and the hallways Peter knows to be secluded at this time, until they reach the garage. To get out unseen might be impossible, but there are places less secure than others (because who in their right mind would try to steal the Avengers’ cars?), so he figures this one might buy them some time.
What really gets to Peter though are not the missed birthday cards or silent quirks every once in a while that have everyone bending over laughing, but the time he nowadays spends alone in the lab. Whenever things were too much for Bruce, whenever topics were too embarrassing for Peter to go to his dads…
The noises surrounding him grow louder to a point, at which the distant shouts fade away. Henry is running out of the farm with surprising speed, a furious expression embedded on his face. The plane slowly rolls forward, then faster, Henry is nearly there, ready to yank open the door and pull him out by force –
Not that Peter minds – it’s his best way to escape right now and he was taught to never look a gift horse in the mouth. Not even if it seems to fall apart every second.
It’s his cue to leave.
“I don’t even know that myself,” Tony sighs and openly shows his distress for Rhodey to see.
Something cold settles in his stomach, desperately Peter tries to hold onto the light mood from just a few moments before-
The fact that Nate takes his time to study Peter and then looks away with a deep sigh is like a punch in the gut. He knows his dad better than anyone else besides pops. He never would. Not in a million years.
He tried pulling from the hold, fighting with as much strength as he could muster, but it wasn’t much as soon he was staring right back into those eyes.
The fingers reached toward him, brushing through his bangs that were growing a bit lower on his scalp.
The two went silent, Tony tugging him closer as he continued his plea.
Oh no.
So things would work out, he knew they would.
“What's going on?”
Well, any permanent success, because as he continued to stretch against the seams, the voice of the hero he loved wrapped around him and held him together piece by shattered piece. He was wrapped up tight and smothered in ribbons and that was okay, for a moment he felt soft heat prodding at him until he gave in to it. It was so soothing and before it could melt away arms were caving in around him.
evaporated back into his head. It wasn’t working, but eventually it would.
Turn around.
“I’m sorry, was I tortured on the raft for fourteen months?”
The cafeteria was empty when they stepped inside, Steve found himself exhausted and a bit dizzy from the elevator, so they sat at the nearest table to the door. Tony sat across from him, holding his pulse under his fingers and looked around before sighing.
“Steve, hey, you have to tell me. I can't protect you without knowing who it is-”
“Yes.”
He didn’t respond, trying to ignore the pull of muscle as he struggled to take in another deep breath. The nurse was dropping in comments, telling him what he was doing right versus wrong and he knew he should be taking it more seriously, however he just couldn’t move forward knowing what was out there. Waiting for him.
Sirens hurt his ears, he held his body tight against the corner of his cell and shook his head in the lack of comfort. The raft was probably going under the waves for the last time. Ross had packed up and left a few days ago, watching Steve with eyes that couldn’t be read. It was intimidating at first, but by the time he walked away the captain could let himself be relieved at the fact that he wasn’t dragged from the cell. Actually, he hadn’t left the cell in a while now that he thought about it. His last testing must have been a while ago because the pain was gone and usually he was never without an ache or a bruise the serum once healed upon impact. It was a really nice feeling and almost brought a sense of emotion through his veins, but he couldn’t really feel anything anymore; besides the physical pain.
“Every time they did something to me I closed my eyes.. And I told myself it was okay.”
They watched a few episodes of the cartoon, Tony not actually hating it as Natasha and Clint appeared within the half hour. The lovebirds were joined at the hip, cuddling on the floor with their comforter and watching the show while also scrolling through their phones. After about ten more minutes he heard the elevator again, assuming it was the food and sitting up only to gawk at the sight of his boyfriend rubbing his eyes in the doorway. Steve was in sweats and a hoodie, looking exhausted as he stumbled into the room and looked around at the team. Without hesitation Tony pointed, getting a pout as Steve fought back a yawn and stepped closer.
A sob fell from his lips at the sound, head shaking more gradually as he dropped the phone between his legs. His fingers attached themselves in his hair and the blond strands tugged from his scalp without anything there to calm it.
He grabbed the hand reaching for the cloth, holding tightly for as long as he could. The morning was so quiet, so spaced out from everyone, and he didn’t want anyone to feel like what happened was their fault.
“Hey, Darling. Miss me yet?”
“No.”
There was only silence on the other end, making him angrier at first. He pulled the phone away, looking at the number and watching the time tick further ahead.
“Hey, where are you going? Sweetheart-”
“I was with T’challa for a week after Buck went under. That’s where he is.”
His gut curled, not only at the new information but by the fact of being scolded like a child. Full names were never a good sign and he could see the anger underlying the man’s expression.
“Steve? Did you recognize anyone on that raft?”
“Hot.”
“No.”
“If I-”
The smile was long gone, anger smeared across the man's face as his feet swung back and forth.
He grabbed Tony’s wrist almost three weeks into the hospital stay and the shock shunned everyone into silence. The man had cleaned out his feeding tube and when the nurse walked in he panicked. It was his first time seeing a stranger since the prison cell and the thought of going back shot him into action. Tony said he was just going to the fridge under the tv to grab a water, so Steve could try drinking again, and before he could let go of the bed Steve had moved.
“I guess you’re right. He liked daddy-”
His chest was so tight, he couldn’t breathe and-
“You were able to stop me-”
“Steve?”
The hand trailing his finally caught up, holding tightly to his fingers as they shook viciously underneath.
Choking on a breath he breathed in the familiar form, breaths deep as he fell limp and ignored the tugging of his arms trailing behind. He knew he should be careful, Tony wasn’t able to hold his weight, but his mind was a ball of twine and twisted him in every direction. And the man in question didn’t seem to mind anything as he held him tighter against him.
I appreciate you so much!
“Hey, we found you. We found you, Stevie!”
“Darling, look at me. Look!”
Bucky had been gone for three days now, they had a few things they had to do at the compound and needed someone in charge. Apparently Tony and Buck were taking over everything while Steve was gone and it made the blond relieved to see.
He was almost nervous at what was going on, retreating back into his own head as his friend sat on the mattress and dropped his shoulders.
Sam, Bucky, Tony.. they could live without Captain America; and they could damn well live without Steve Rogers causing battles left and right. Besides, the last thing he saw was the snapping of fingers and the gasps of pain, the sobs all around, there was no way the man he loved lived through that.
