Sherlock and John both said their goodbyes and then they were alone in their flat. The tension was eating at both of them and John’s brain was running over a million possible things to say, and not say. One of which being that he didn’t think he would ever be standing in this room with Sherlock again, it had been so long since the last time Sherlock was here with him, he couldn’t tell if he was relieved or angrier. And the fact that Claire wasn’t fazed in the slightest only told him one thing: she fucking
Sherlock slowly walked over to where John was laying on the floor and dropped down. He held John close to him and breathed in his scent for a long moment. “Okay… Okay. I’m okay now. How are you?” He asked softly as he kissed the top of John’s head.
Sherlock landed in the bushes with a muffled scream and then scrambled to his feet. He grabbed John's hand as tightly as he could and started running, “move!!”
They finished getting ready and then took a cab to the hospital. Briskly, they made their way to Lily’s room and walked in, after knocking on the door once.
Sherlock glared at John, "well, how do you think I feel!" Sherlock crossed his arms and pouted a bit.
John swallowed and shook his head. “Nope. I’m a doctor and I really don’t feel comfortable with you wandering the streets on your own in this state…”
John continued to sit there until Mycroft came back with two steaming hot cups of tea, “Hopefully, you still take it the same way.” Mycroft said as he handed him the mug.
By the time it got to be six in the morning, Sherlock was starting to worry. He shouldn’t, John was a grown man and had lived on his own for quite some time. And the fact that Sherlock was now back and alive he knew John wasn’t going to try anything. He just needed air, that much was written all over John's face when he came out of the room. But how much air did John need?? It had been literally hours. He pursed his lips and called Claire to see if he was over there. Maybe he went to her house, or Zack’s, if either one of those were the case Sherlock could at least be at peace enough to calm down.
Sigar’s jaw was clenched and for a second John thought he was about to get hit, but he didn’t care because this man couldn’t possibly do anything that his father hadn’t done already. “Out.” Sigar growled as he stood up. “You see. I was trying to be nice to you, John. But no one talks to me like that. You will leave and you will
He beamed at his mother and played with her hand as John set up the game, “I decided to bring monopoly because that seemed like a safe bet, and it was also the first one I saw.” The money was scrabbled about so it took a bit of time to organise, but eventually it was all set up.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he swallowed hard before screaming and kicking the dead the body in front of him over and over again, willing for the man to wake up and call everything off. But that was wishful thinking. He took a shaky breath to try and calm himself down and he knew what he had to do, but he didn’t want to one bit.
Something happened to Sherlock, that much was clear, and without knowing what it was it was hard to understand Sherlock's perspective on things. He was still so angry with Sherlock, so angry for what he did to him. He broke John, and John hated that he let himself stoop so low. He hated that one person had the ability to do that. He supposed though that it was also the situation of it all. It wasn’t just the fact Sherlock had died, it was the fact that he had watched it happen and he wasn’t able to stop it. He had been fine in the army, he had hurt for a while, yes, but he was able to move on. This time it was different though, it felt like he had failed and he couldn’t live with that.
The doctor sighed sadly and then turned around, leading him to the operating room. He watched as John walked over to the table Sherlock was laying on and then left the room, giving the two men some privacy.
John laughed sadly and held the letter close to him. God, he missed Sherlock so badly it hurt. He sat cross legged on the bed and pulled out his pad of paper and started writing.
“OR WHAT?” Moriarty snapped and rounded on Sherlock, lunging at him like a lioness would to an unsuspecting gazelle, only Sherlock was suspecting this. He would
Sherlock walked up to the roof and shut the door, “So... here I am.” He said and walked closer to the mad man.
John frowned as well, “I’m not leaving you... she’s just a friend and I talked all about you and she wants to meet you!”
I could have kept going, but it got long and I rather liked that ending so yeah that's how that happened! woooo!
“Are you…” He pursed his lips together. “Are you drunk? Maybe… Possibly..? I mean, It’s understandable with the whole situation and I wouldn’t judge you in the slightest, but maybe you should lie down.”
Sherlock sighed heavily and rolled his eyes, an expression that told John Sherlock thought he was being stupid, “John, don’t be tedious. You know how I hate repeating myself. This is my boyfriend, Aidan.”
Her heart filled with pride and she gave him a watery smile in return, “I’m proud of you, John... really.”
They didn’t say anything for a long moment, but eventually Claire spoke up, “I’m going to stay the night, okay?”
“John,” Brian gave him a look that told John he wasn’t buying John’s shit, and rolled his eyes, “no you aren’t… Come on! It will be fun. Now, Truth or Dare?”
His mother nodded and stepped aside to let him into the house. She offered him tea, but he declined. He wasn’t in the mood to drink it and he didn’t want to be rude by letting it go to waste. They went to the living room and sat down. His mother sat on the couch, while he sat in the chair across from her, “so… how have you been?” He asked after a moment of silence.
“Looks like you finally broke the little twerp, you think he killed himself?” He snickered, along with a few other of the rugby players. “I’m proud of you captain!” He exclaimed, as he clasped John on the back. “Out of all the times we have picked on the freak we have never been able to get him to miss school or class! Sorry about the whole boyfriend thing, but I had to give you motive… you’re soft like that.” He hummed and then went back to his work.
Claire slowly set hers on the counter once it was clear that Sherlock was no longer on the other end. She sat down on the couch as her mind wandered back to a certain night when John had called her. Before the depression was that apparent... before it had gotten so bad that she had to move in. She closed her eyes as she thought of a time where she used to be able to calm him down, now it seemed she was doing the opposite.
“Shut it, Anderson,” John’s voice tore back with all the heat and fire and danger that Sherlock had come to relish since that first Quidditch game,
. The boy offered him solace from the comings and goings of the rest of the world; he’d dragged Sherlock away to the Quidditch Pitch and let them enter their own world where they were flying high above everything else- even if their feet were planted firmly on the grass. Never before had Sherlock felt such a lack of judgement. The months of mentoring that had transpired between them were infinitely better than any relationship he had encountered to date; the lax jokes and witty comments were all that they needed to fill the void that each of them dragged around daily. But what if he wanted more-
“John…” he tried to begin, fighting his way through the way his tongue twisted in on itself, “I may have made a big mistake.”
He was no stranger to 7th Year Charms, in fact, he’d passed the class in at the beginning of his 3rd year- something as juvenile as that was easier to get done and dusted so that he could make time to advance in other subjects. Oh, nothing quite like Potions and Arithmancy to make the time go by. However, lingering in the halls of Hogwarts between classes never failed to get any less haunting, the gothic architecture was certainly to be marveled at but it was definitely unsettling in the glowering winter sunshine, casting all sorts of mismatched shadows over the almost frosted stone floors.
Even the great Sherlock Holmes jumped back in surprise when John Watson drove his fist into the wall in anger.
For once, the masses were what he was interested in; his height was useful in peering over the crowds in his search for a familiar streak of blonde. It was unsurprising to see Harry Watson emerge from her classroom last, complete isolated from the rest of her year. Every inch of her seemed to be laden with edges and spikes, daring the innocent to draw breath in her presence and give her any reason to explode on an unfortunate victim.
He was stopped instantly when a hand wrapped around his collar and tugged him viciously towards his oppositions face, their eyes only inches apart. She couldn’t pull off danger quite like John could, but there was still menace lingering in the blackness of her pupils.
,” Was the only response he got, practically picturing the incredulous look on the other boy’s face, “Sherlock, what are you doing? Just fuck off-“
“Sherlock Holmes,” John’s voice rang out with newfound clarity, “For Merlin’s sake, if you could stop being so dramatic and just look up I’d like to make a point.”
for you to be bisexual and it’s not okay for you to have to hide who you are because of Harry…but you don’t…now.”
It took almost half an hour for Watson to retreat from his place of solace; it hadn’t been a problem, he had simply split the time between studying the movement the player (gaping at John Watson, more like) and mulling over the Advanced Potions work he had been given that morning.
. I outed you and gave your sister access to information that I’m now sure you probably never intended for her to know and if you don’t want to forgive me, I understand. But I want to tell you, if I could go back and change things- I wouldn’t.”
, the two despised one and other. Growing up, he’d thought he and Mycroft had a strained relationship but at least they had one; the same could not be said for the Watsons.
During the past weeks Sherlock had done more physical activity than he was sure he’d done at any point in his life previous to the present, and it seemed that every inch of his body was decorated with different shades of bruising. He discovered quickly that he had found a false sense of security within Watson’s now few and far in between theoretical lessons and that, unfortunately for him, Watson was a firm believer in teaching practically. However, he hadn’t been totally merciless; on days that he could see Sherlock limping through the corridors he was sure to factor in a chat about strategies and different player skills sets.
Nobody was sure how long they had been brawling when the teachers eventually got involved, some of the younger professors using both physical and magical forces to drag the pair out of each other’s grasp, McGonagall staring over them with a look of mixed rage and disappointment. Sherlock felt his stomach roll as he was finally offered a clear glance at John, whose fists, face and shirt were all caked in a thick, almost black, layer of blood. It had been smeared over almost every inch of available skin, causing the frantic blue of his eyes to pop with animalistic prowess. The pair looked positively deadly as they were heaved in opposite directions.
Or well, perhaps and elusive cousin that he had never heard of, but that seemed particularly statistically unlikely.
“I know I said you couldn’t reach the window without something to stand on,” John’s voice was filled with almost childlike glee as he broke the silence, “But would you like to try?”
) inquisitive face, “You’re great at Potions, right? You were in my class in 3rd Year. It’s like practical and theory. If you want me to teach you to play, I will, but I’m not going to half-ass it, okay?”
“How the fuck do you know about- fuck you, you Holmes’ are all the same,” she spat, “He’s perfect in his own eyes and everybody else’s, why should I have to put up with that?”
,” John’s voice was slight in a way that Sherlock had never heard prior to the current, a sample of the previous danger that had lingered in his comrades' eyes during the match a few weeks ago. He lacked all of the obvious anger that his sister, Harry, was wearing on her sleeve, yet his tone radiated a much darker force that put the pair at unmistakable odds. Grady slid in beside Sherlock, breaking him from his thoughts as John descended towards his family.
, Sherlock. What is it that you are so desperate to say to me?” John’s voice was flooded with bitterness and ever so slightly thick with upset, or, Sherlock dreaded, a broken nose.
“Sherlock,” John’s tone had faded from angry to slightly more bemused, sounding slightly further away than before, “I don’t think that’s how this works.”
“Merlin,” John wheezed, a face that could only be compared the colour of a tomato, “Remind me not to mess with you.”
At 3 o’clock, he waited at the Quidditch pitch in a futile attempt to try and catch John at pre-dinner practice. As he thought, futile. There was no sign of the other boy as the Gryffindor team filed into their changing rooms, the only two players to pay him any mind being Mike and Giles- and the look that they gave him was positively poisonous.
“Yes,” Watson responded, pausing with a newfound look of critical intrigue in his eyes, “Yes I am. What’s it to do with you? I’m not in the mood for your antics, Holmes. Not this morning, I’m already late for-” he paused again to ponder, before realising, “History of Magic. Fair enough, what it is you need, Holmes?”
“No, Sherlock, you need to tilt the broom forward when you’re going down. Your body weight isn’t enough, it needs direction. Greg, go back up to the top.”
Madam Pomfrey huffed as she scrawled ‘broken arm’ at the bottom of the sheet at the end of the hospital bed, sharing a bemused glance to Professor McGonagall, the pair of them reaching a silent agreement as the boy’s in the bed and chair respectively burst into giggles behind them.
And so at three o’clock sharp he found himself in the Ravenclaw stands as close to the back as possible, with a pair of engraved binoculars hanging around his neck. The game kicked off exactly as planned; he’d found that his heart leaped in anticipation as the teams stood in lines post-warm up. Merlin, he was really losing it- he was enjoying
His knees shuffled awkwardly toward him until his waist was pressed against those legs that always made him weak, his left hand on top of Sherlock’s and his right on the armrest of his chair.
“It isn’t a favour,” he said impatiently, not looking up from the sheet music. “I think you’d execute this best. See this run on measure 102? Your skill set would compliment that portion quite well. And that progression of notes with no air for five measures? Starting at 134? You’ve got the best air capacity.”
“No, it is,” rushed John with a wave of his hand and Sherlock stared at him with an open mouth. “It is,” he continued to assure. “The tempo is all wrong, isn’t it?”
“They’re not paying for it,” Philip repeated, his eyes continuing their rapid scan of the same two or three lines that he was attached to. “That’s what this says: ‘Each member of the group/band/orchestra is to find the means to make the trip on their own account. MGM is not responsible for any portion of any travel expenses, up to and including reimbursement in the event that the group/band/orchestra wins it all.’”
They were a mass of nonsensical proclamations until, an incredibly short time later, they were called to the stage for the announcement of the winner.
He was just about to start shaping his eyes when he glanced toward the model again and saw piercingly bright eyes already staring right back at him with a scrutinizing intensity. Nearly jumping, he looked immediately back to his paper and pretended to continue but could not bring himself to focus on what he was supposed to be doing. The ghost of that stare left him with goosebumps all over his body.
Welcome Home will be a Bandstand!AU (Bandstand is a musical) wherein Captain John Watson returns home from WWII with more than his fair share of trauma. A musical soul, he tries to reincorporate himself back into society by performing but finds that everyone is more concerned with saying they are proud of soldiers than actually trying to help them. He struggles to find work in the city but he soon finds out about a life-changing opportunity. All he needs is a band and a singer. The band gives him a reason to live but he copes with survivor's guilt as he grows closer to his late-best friend's significant other: Sherlock Holmes.
sang- in front of people, too. His mind ran inexplicably to Victor who was always pestering him to do something with his musical ability.
for all the gold star family members out there. We are happy to introduce: The John Watson Band featuring Sherlock Holmes.”
“A snowflake fell on your upper lip. I knew you felt it because there was a hint of a twitch on your cupid’s bow. But you didn't move. Rather, you stared more intently into my eyes. My thumb itched toward the flake, making it as far as this corner of your mouth.” He touched the right side of Sherlock's mouth.
He knew the answer instinctually. He felt it in his soul- the light joy that filled him, the bliss that had overwhelmed him from the moment they’d begun practising. He’d known as he watched them, their haunting memories leaving them in favour of the music, their camaraderie overwhelming their individual trauma.
“Cof- No!” John shouted incredulously, though he wanted nothing more than to accept the offer. “I have class.”
“No,” Sherlock said, lips brushing against his with the simple syllable of admission before they crashed together properly.
And knowing that must be the truth- for Sherlock had confessed he could only speak in truths- John stepped away. His act of distancing was all the permission that Sherlock needed to leave, apparently, for he twisted the handle in his grip and flew out the door without another word.
Sherlock gave him a smile he’d since learned had the knack of charming him. “I told you I’m married to my work. But on second thought, I don’t reckon my work would notice if I got caught up in a rather turbulent affair.”
“Now we’re cooking!” declared John in the small break of voicing. Sherlock’s heart filled with confidence, excitement blooming strangely within him.
“I meant what I said,” he answered with a shrug. “He could be anywhere, we're going to have to wander in order to find him.”
Sherlock ripped the first envelope out from the rubberband that bound them all together and temporarily dropped the rest, not thinking to glance at the others said until he could absorb the words of the envelope in his hands.
He knew he had to move out of 221B to spare himself (and Sherlock, too) unnecessary pain even as his heart constricted painfully at the thought.
“I- no- That’s not-” Sherlock scoffed incredulously but his hands tightened in on themselves and John’s jaw dropped. As he stared, the next band started playing following Al’s introduction and John felt a cruel satisfaction that their band was so much better-
If Satan himself had come onto the Earth and hand-selected a group of men who would be perfectly incompatible with one another, he could not have put together a group quite as perfect as the one John Watson did. As it turns out, if you get a group of men together who all went through hell and believe their version of hell was worse, tensions aren’t exactly low.
his brother-in-law. Their total protection from the impact of the upcoming war was secured in less than ten minutes. It'd been the easiest security measure to enact.
Instantly drawn from his doctor mindset with sheer confusion, John asked “You don't like it? Why are you here?”
A wrecking ball decimated every hope carefully built through John’s heart over the course of the past few minutes.
“What do you say?” mocked Greg with that heart-melting smile that made John certain that he surely couldn’t be
Bickering, tempers, and resentments aside, their music swelled in generous waves of melodious perfection around them. Sherlock’s voice filled the room with a rich tapestry of words that he wrote and brought to life. John was not alone in his awe at the incredible voice filling the room. He watched mouths gape, eyebrows raise, and eyes flitting upward every time they reached the conclusion of the song and Sherlock’s voice reached incredible heights.
He downed the first shot, the familiar burn making its way down his throat. He picked up the second and took it as well, maintaining eye contact with an incredulous Sherlock.
Philip struck each note with perfection, his extensive knowledge of music theory providing him with a casual sort of air as the instruments surround him played with foreign ability.
The question disoriented him, a distinct talent that John possessed. “Why do I say your name?” he repeated blankly.
“Sherlock,” John just barely managed to scrape out from his terrified throat. He would have set fire to his own heart just to erase the source of those scars form existence. Sherlock froze in the doorway, knuckles pale with their grip on the shirt. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Yeah. There’s a preliminary round in less than two months. One band from each county in Britain will be selected to continue on.”
“Wow,” injected Greg. “Johnny is willing to share the spotlight with you? I wouldn’t take that lightly.”
“T-Thank me?” he stuttered because he’d somehow forgotten how captivating it is to be caught under those eyes.
So he tore his eyes off of the handsome, sturdy man and intently returned his gaze to the pinpoint he’d chosen to stare at during the hour. Just fourteen minutes left. Just fourteen minutes until he could confront the murderer.
“Am not!” He contradicted childishly. John allowed his eyes to remain sceptical attached to the man until a breath released the resistance Sherlock had been clinging to. “Fine. I’m scared- in fact, I’m most scared- that he
“You are… of moderate intelligence,” Sherlock said, barely able to meet John’s eyes. So many things could go wrong with the things he wanted to say. Terror was rearing its powerful head at the forefront of his mind and he fought valiantly against crumbling into it.
It was not impossible to solve the case without them, but it was certainly proving to be more difficult.
The lights were off in the flat with no starlight outside to light their surroundings. Even so, the whole place was alight with a blaze of illumination. The multi-coloured lights twinkling on the Christmas tree cast beautiful halos of hazy light. Garland entwined with white lights was hung around the walls so that the room was encaptured with a soft glow, objects illuminated with strange shadows. Other strings of light were cascading around their possessions: the fireplace was adorned with dainty light, their seats draped with another set, and the desk was holding lights around its edge.
Was it a fact or was it Sherlock’s own desire to believe it that made him deduce that John spent more time than necessary on the task?
“So what’s up with the chucklehead?” asked John through constricted breath from his sprint to catch up to Sherlock.
John realized with a flurry of nerves that in the frenzy of it all, he hadn’t thought to look at the menu. Sure, he had scanned the thing when he first arrived but hadn’t decided on anything. He opened his mouth to ask for more time when Sherlock spoke for him.
Hand on the doorknob, John hesitated. His eyes were glued resolutely on his hand gripping the door, his whole body shaking with some hidden tension.
John climbed miserably through his doorway, his lonely flat offering absolutely no comfort. Instead, it was a harbour of insomnia, dangerous thoughts, and misery. He fell onto his couch, beaten with age and uncomfortable with lumps, and ran one hand along his face in exhaustion. The entire place was dark and swimming with a mélange of stench from the apartment above his own. He threw one hand to turn on the radio beside him to fill this space with something other than his thoughts and groaned soundlessly as the impossibly upbeat tune of “Just Like It Was Before” escaped the radio.
The romantic lighting that filled the room illuminated the man as he seemed to move in slow motion into the seat across from him, his lanky fingers lacing around a menu and scanning the words it held with no further words to John.
Perhaps he did. It felt ages that he was holding Sherlock Holmes in his arms until he pulled away and John felt the warmth evacuate the world around him. Suddenly, what had felt ages seemed mere milliseconds.
“So you’re a detective- makes sense- but still… How did you know I was a soldier or that one of my bandmates was a prisoner of war? You didn’t interrogate us.”
In light of his confession the night before, John must find a way to reconcile the future he'd imagined with the one he now faces; a future without Sherlock.
“Then what, pray tell, is your area?” John flirted, and he was certain it was too far. He couldn’t make himself step back from the ledge he was so near to leaping from.
That being said, I am going to use artistic freedom going forward in this fic because I am deciding not to use any of the terms for gay people that were common in the 1940s in Britain.)
“No,” John practically shouted. He took a deep breath, unable to move from all the effort it took to say what he needed to. “No, it’s not. It’s not fine. None of this, Sherlock, is ‘fine.’ This is a mess that I don’t know how to begin cleaning up.”
Sherlock began to fear that Watson wasn’t going to show up after he had been lingering on the outskirts of the Quidditch Pitch for half an hour. He wasn’t complaining, it had given him long enough time to smoke his cigarette all the way down to the filter and watch the ash dribble into the evening wind, however, Watson was the (reluctant) best of a bad bunch and it would be a thorn in his side to have to find a new coach. These thoughts were soon quelled when his eyes landed on a mop of blond hair making its way towards him in the last of the sunlight.
It felt odd to admit, but their relationship had also developed somewhat and, even worse, Sherlock had to admit that perhaps Watson wasn’t the blundering idiot that he had previously accredited him as. Even within their one on one sessions, he didn’t need deduction to figure out that the boy was a fierce competitor with an unrivaled talent for the game- in fact; Sherlock felt that Gryffindor’s copious victories over the recent years might just stem from the young captain on his merit and leadership. At first, it had almost amused Sherlock to imagine Watson trying to cope with the wrath of older students who would probably feel entitled to his leading role, but after just a few lessons he could understand what his peers followed him so severely. No doubt, he was Gryffindor through and through, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to hate the idea.
. That, however, was no concern of Sherlock’s; he was here for one purpose and one purpose only. He tried to ignore the, quite frankly, disturbed look that seemed to be carved into the other boy’s face and instead cleared his throat and began with purpose,
He watched with scrutiny as Watson strolled past him with an air of ease, pulling a key from within his pocket that could clearly be used to open the Gryffindor supply room;
It was two-thirty; he knew from a previous glance at John’s timetable that he currently had a study period with the rest of his house. Going to be with his Gryffindor lackeys, then. Great, just another social obstacle between him and his target. Sherlock would’ve been a fool when choosing John as his Quidditch mentor to have not taken into consideration the opinion of the rest of his house and, Gryffindor made it no secret that they despised the Holmes brothers with everything they could muster. So far, the only person he’d seen John confide in regarding their regular rendezvous was Gerald and that boy could barely join two dots together. John
Everything changed the moment she came into contact. She reached an arm over his shoulder in a clear attempt to drag him from his place on the bench only to be met with the crunch of John slamming his head upwards in return, smashing her jaw upwards and tearing the first blood from his sister’s upper lip. It became clear that this was not the first time this battle had been fought when it took Harry mere seconds to regain her composure, continuing with her original ploy to drag John from the bench and smacking him harshly onto the stone floor.
“Watson? You hang out with that prick? You hang out with Holmes? I never thought I’d see the day-“ A nasal voice gashed its way into his eardrums and offended his brain, that was how he wanted to feel anyway, not the reality of his gut feeling as though it was going to fall out of his mouth.
He watched the mop of blond rush out of the library and it took no deduction to see that there were tears pouring down his face.
in the tailwind behind his broom. He was not in a good mood. Had it been any worse, he might have done something about the incessant muttering that rang out from John’s mouth that utterly failed to be discreet.
The other boy’s eyes seemed to widen comically and he pounded on his chest in an attempt to stop a forthcoming coughing fit,
Nearly everything was silent after that, even when Madam Pince finally located them, no doubt hollering the place to the ground at them for placing a footstep where they shouldn’t be. But none of that mattered, he was blind to everything but the moments of the boy opposite him, he found himself deaf to anything to but the heated string of breaths leaving John’s lips. The way John brushed against his body as he forced his way out of the shelves felt like a dozen hot pokers scalding his skin.
“Of course,” Sherlock responded, edging towards the glass on the tips of his toes. He placed his palms carefully on the other boy’s shoulders as he began to lean out of the window, ensuring he didn’t gain any more injuries this evening. They met in the middle, lips pressing together in a chase kiss, void of any longing or heat- it was simple. The other boy tasted of slightly stale chocolate and the faintest trace of metallic blood but that all faded as John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, heat radiating from every spot that they connected.
“Never underestimate the merit of private practice,” The other boy was either unexpectedly smart or infuriatingly stupid based on his lack of reaction to Sherlock’s blatant taut. He was somehow inclined to go with the former.
“Depends. Do you want to go out with me?” John’s eyes were fires, burning in the night. Sherlock could see now that they didn’t have to be the raging flame the he had seen on the Quidditch pitch that time, or the inferno that they grew into when Harry was involved- they could be soft flames that licked the blue of his irises and brought nothing but warmth to anyone that caught his glance.
He had to admit, it was refreshing to see the Firebolt that he used so frequently to be put to semi-professional use. For what he lacked in intelligence, George made up for in athletic talent. It was clear that John was the one with any form of recognizable brain cells, but they played together like a well-oiled machine that could manage to communicate with the slightest of twitches and nods.
Dinner. That was when things really came to a head. The moment that he, and he was sure John, had been dreading ever since that morning.
Five months later and John felt like he was slowly dying. He thought things would get better, but it had been eight months and every day that passed he felt more miserable. He couldn't do it anymore, the constant pain in his heart just grew as each day passed.
John swallowed, “Sorry... the tube was really crowded and I don’t have enough money to take a cab everywhere...” He whispered quietly, he hardly had any money at all. That being said, the last thing he wanted from Sherlock was a handout.
Sherlock rocked back and forth a couple more times and then came as well. John was so amazing and perfect, he would miss being able to see the boy’s face every day, he would miss making him laugh… he would just miss him. They laid in silence for a long time before Sherlock finally pulled out and got up to go to the bathroom, he brought out a wet washcloth and then knelt on the bed to clean John up. John laid there and looked at Sherlock, “I love you...” He whispered as Sherlock wiped off John's chest, “you know that right? You’ll always know that...”
“So... will you come back to my flat...? I would say you could have the upstairs room so that we aren’t sharing one, take things at a slow pace, but... it’s occupied...” He pursed his lips, so much for not telling him about Brian, and perhaps he didn’t have to, but if John was coming back to the flat he would most certainly find out eventually.
“I know...” He whispered and smiled tightly because he did, his Sherlock may have been gone, but there were still parts of this Sherlock that were the same as before. “I’ll talk to him – really talk to him.”
bad and you know it… Now, I know we don’t see eye to eye, but he’s your father and you should treat him with at least some respect.”
Oh good it went away! You wouldn't know this, but it took me ten minutes to write 'Oh' after 'PIN' I took a break, yo!
“No, he’s not! He was with me last night! He stayed with me! He held me as I cried against him! I could smell him, I could feel his lips against my head, I could feel his arms around me!” He snapped into her chest, “It was real!” He cried against her. He was sick of crying, but he couldn’t help it. The tears just kept coming and they wouldn’t stop, especially not now. Not when he had had Sherlock so close, and it was different this time. He wasn’t blurry, he wasn’t rude, and he could actually touch him.
John smiled a little, “I’m fine. All he did was drug me, I think. I can’t remember him doing anything bad besides drugging me.” He said softly. “I’m going to go take a shower now.”
"IM GOING TO KILL YOU!" John screamed and was finally able to lunge at his father. He was a lot like Mycroft in that sense… Even if they weren’t close he would do anything and everything for his baby sister – even if it killed him.
John looked to where the long and slender hand gestured to and he nodded. “Yeah it’s absolutely massive. What about it?”
John spun around in Sherlock's hold so that he was facing him. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck and buried his face into Sherlock's shoulder. He wanted to kiss Sherlock very badly, but he also knew that Sherlock wasn’t interested in anybody so what would make John different? They were just friends who happened to be very touchy feely, but that was it. It didn’t go past that.
Sherlock shrugged. “I was bored... And you were there. Like I said, the day you came and sat next to me in chemistry, I chose you. Really it could have been anybody, John...” he paused for a moment. “You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.” He hummed.
John sighed and looked up. “He doesn’t need to be taught anything.” He mumbled without much emotion, he was pretty proud of himself for being able to keep it out of his voice. “And he hasn’t even said anything to you, just leave him alone. He’s being quiet…”
Sherlock just glared at him and didn’t say a single thing. He had no idea what was wrong with John, but he didn’t question it. John was just stressed.
Normally, Sherlock would have corrected him. Told him his parents didn’t care and weren’t ever around. But not today… No, today was special so he just took John’s hand and smiled. “Thank you, sir. And yes of course I promise to go to school. I look forward to working with you as well – when you need me that is.” And with that the two young boys walked out of Scotland Yard.
OH SNAP!!! Him and Brian are friends and it is so cute to me!!! Flails everywhere! ANYWAY YOU SHOULD COMMENT TO GIVE ME SOME ADVICE OR TELL ME HOW MUCH YOU LOVE AND OR HATED THE STORY!!! ALSO TELL ME YOUR FAVOURITE PARTS!! COMMUNICATION IS KEEEYYYYYY! And obvi kudo's it if you haven't!! ALSO ALSO!!! I'm writing another Johnlock fic.. It's short and it's a wholock and it's pretty legit so when I post that you should check it out, yo!
“Yes, you do.” He smirked as he pulled off his own shirt and trousers so he was just in his pants. He watched as Sherlock covered his cast with plastic so tenderly. Eventually, it was covered just as the doorbell rang.
The doctor swallowed a bit and sighed. “I’m sure your brother or someone has told you, but it’s been two days... We have instructions to take him off life support if he hasn’t woken up by now...”
Sherlock smirked some because he loved it when that happened, he loved that he could make John breathless. He laid down on top of John and kissed him softly as he rocked his hips back and forth.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shifted a bit, “I didn’t mean it…” He whispered, “I’m sorry… I’m just– I’m so used to having to say you’re dead and I’m so scared, John… I’m so scared that this is all some horrible nightmare and that I’m going to wake up cold and alone because you really are dead. You said you wrote me letters for a year, but how am I supposed to believe you? I can’t! I didn’t receive a single one! And I don’t know if I can ever forgive you… and I know it’s not your fault, John, but what happened, happened and I can’t for the life of me come anywhere close to forgetting about it.” He swallowed hard, but he didn’t even feel the need to cry because this wasn’t real. None of this was real. This was a dream he had over and over again. He was so done with it.
John nodded slowly and ran out of the room. Sherlock had no idea what John chose to do, because he had left the pool, but the next thing he knew everything went black.
Sherlock huffed and then smiled at John. “Well, John, thank you so much for your little speech on Sherlock Holmes. It has been quite inspiring and I hope to see you again soon one day.” He smirked and then reached out to snatch the book away from John. “Bye!!!” He sung and then ran out of the flat with then book still in his hands. He knew how he was going to make him believe!
Lestrade eyed him carefully and then pursed his lips together, “come live with me.” He hummed. “You have nowhere to go and I am more than happy to lend you my house for the time being.”
The man on the other end blinked and was silent for a moment, before continuing slowly, “what in heavens are you talking about? With all due respect John Watson is currently in our infirmary dying, so I would like to have an answer on the helicopter ASAP, sir!”
Neither of them said another word as Detective Inspector Garrett burst into the room, his face looking of betrayal and disappointment. Christ all this for trespassing? Though, what Garrett said next made the blood drain from John, leaving him white as a sheet.
“Not from my end, no, but from Sherlock's he likes to think we are,” he sighed. “He does like to be dramatic,” he hummed.
He nodded slowly and swallowed, “It was father... he told me John died and then he stole all the letters before I got them. And then John got shot and showed up at my flat... I stopped doing drugs though...” He smiled softly, “John doesn’t know that I did them in the first place... I can't tell him because I haven’t stopped completely, and I guess to a normal person I still do a lot, but nothing near as close to what I did before.”
John did as he was asked and went to Sherlock. He lowered himself down so that he was lying next to the taller boy and smiled a little. The next thing he knew a weak fist was colliding with his stomach, though if he was honest it didn’t really hurt at all, but if that’s what Sherlock needed then he would give it to him.
John swallowed and looked at the other boy. He couldn’t have been older than him and Sherlock. “We didn’t mean any harm; I promise… He was just looking…” John had to purse his lips at that because that didn’t exactly help their situation. What sort of people go to just look at a crime scene?
forgive him for this!" He spat and then reached his hand up to the necklace he never took off, the necklace that had a piece of Sherlock in it, the necklace that was a part of their love. He wrapped his fingers around the heart and yanked it off of his neck, breaking the chain as he did so. He looked down at it in his hands and only then did he realise he was crying. A drop of water landed right on the heart pendant and his own heart broke even more than he thought it could. He looked up at the sky and clenched his jaw, he was thankful Mycroft didn’t put Sherlock's funeral in a church – especially since he didn’t even believe in religion.
John put on a face as him and Mike walked into the room. He looked around and smirked a bit, “Well, bit different from my day.” He muttered under his breath.
John rolled his eyes, but still felt flattered nonetheless. Still, if he didn’t have Sherlock and had been even remotely interested in women – well, the outcome today might have had an extremely different outcome.
Many months passed and soon it was their year mark. Sherlock was waiting by his mailbox eagerly awaiting the letter and grinned brightly when the mailman handed it to him. He ran inside and tossed a ‘thank you’ over his shoulder.
A week passed and it was time for the funeral. John didn't want to go, but Claire and Garrett made him. He didn't go to the viewing so he figured he could at least go to this. Plus, Mycroft had put him down to speak and he hated the man for that. But also he thought that if he didn’t speak, or go for that matter, Sherlock would haunt him for all of eternity and as pleasing of a thought that was, he knew that Sherlock could be very cruel in his hauntings.
Sherlock smiled some and then went to hug him, “Thank you...” He whispered, John always had the best ideas – even when they weren’t actually his, but he was the one that sparked them.
John growled and shoved her away, “I’m not five. I don’t need to fucking tell you where I’m going.” He glared at her, he hadn’t tried to off himself in months. Why the fuck was she still so obsessed about it?
Sherlock growled and finally decided to punch him, “I. AM. NOT. AN. ADDICT! I could stop any time I wanted!” He snarled, shaking his hand slightly. The blow didn’t hurt the man at all, but that’s because he used the hand that punched the brick wall and it was sore. He didn’t have the power behind it to actually hurt him.
John hated school. He really did. He struggled a lot and didn’t know how to do the majority of things. His family didn’t have a lot of money so they couldn’t pay for a tutor either.
Sherlock's heart dropped. John was crying... he made John cry! He didn’t even care that John had told him to go away, he definitely deserved that. John didn’t deserve to shed tears, not after everything he had been through. He needed to remain happy for the rest of his life. “Yes, I was being selfish... please come out...”
He was lost in thought and then Sherlock was running out of the door yelling something about pink and John was so lost... He followed Sherlock and peered over the edge as Sherlock was tugging on his hair explaining everything and then John growled a bit under his breath once Sherlock was gone because the fucking cabby made a mistake! He wasn’t paying the cabby to sit on his lazy arse and do nothing! He was paying him to make sure nothing was out of place and that Sherlock wouldn’t find him, but apparently that was too hard for the poor little man with an aneurism.
John rolled his eyes. “Not you! The real Sherlock Holmes, but apparently you feel the need to dress up as him and pretend to be him… I bet you anything that if he wasn’t dead you would find him and kill him because you are one of
Two months passed and everything was back to normal. Everything was perfect for them and it seemed like nothing bad was going to happen again. John woke up one morning and watched Sherlock sleep for a while. He had a bunch of errands to do and he knew that if he waited for Sherlock to wake up it wouldn’t get done. Not that John minded, but he had been holding off on these for a while and they couldn’t be put off any longer. He slowly slipped from the bed and kissed Sherlock's forehead, before getting dressed and leaving the house. He would make it up to Sherlock... He knew how Sherlock tended to worry about him when he wasn’t there and he didn’t know how long he would be gone so he couldn’t exactly leave a note. Although, he did suspect that his errands would take him most of the day.
John nodded slowly and smiled at him, encouraging him to continue. Sherlock was able to let out a breath of relief and then continued on, “Apparently my mother impacted more lives than I ever thought she would – not that I didn’t think her capable, but I didn’t get to see her a lot... I wasn’t aware of how many friends she actually had, but now looking out into the crowd I’m starting to realise what an amazing woman my mother was.
“John we are not going to Primark! Primark is where all the tourists and poor people go! Are you either one of those things?!”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, but just walked over to his mummy and hugged her, “Hi again. Sorry I didn’t come and see you yesterday... we got lost!” He sniffled sadly and sat at the edge of her bed.
“Right…” He drawled, “Destroying John in the process. Doesn’t matter though. None of that matters, John isn’t who you think he is. He’s a murderer. We have at least one confirmed person he’s killed, but for all we know there could be many more.”
At this, the edges of Sherlock’s mouth twitched up, his head cocking to one side. “Alright,” he said with a new tone in his voice. He explained thoroughly, albeit rapidly, how he knew John to be an army doctor, to be on his first date in a while, and of his lack of connections.
“Funny you say that,” he said, left hand unthinkingly stroking the bandaged injury. “I play the violin.”
At all times, he would act to keep John safe. Even if it caused loss, suffering, or pain for Sherlock. The most obvious example of this was deciding to fake his death despite knowing it would hurt John. Sherlock had suffered much more than John in a valiant effort to keep him safe.
John’s stomach churned, unsure whether or not to believe Sherlock and his cynical smile. “1934? Are you serious?”
So he cried and re-read the letter to deepen the wounds. He cried and read and sobbed until he was fully spent, aching from the tips of his toes to the top of his head, from the ends of his fingers to the deepest pain in the fabric of his soul.
He wasn’t alone. He could be understood. If he played his card rights- if he believed the opposite of every word from John's mouth- he may never need to be alone again.
close. It wasn’t that John couldn’t be late, it was that tardiness was deeply against his nature. It was a point of pride with him. “I’ve never even been late to class,” he used to brag.
A slow smile tugged at Sherlock's lips, his eyes falling to the starter before them. His delicate fingers lightly grabbed a piece and brought it to his mouth in a way that was both mundane and absurdly erotic.
” varied in slight ways despite their author being the same. Some were clear and crisp while others were scribbled and messy. Others were small and careful, while still others were large and slanted. This indicated to Sherlock that each letter had been put into these envelopes and addressed at different times. Presumably, shortly after each letter was finished. However, the box was new, the rubberband taut from its lack of other uses. It meant the letters were compiled, tied together, and placed into the box after they had all already been written and sealed.
John was dreaming. He'd fallen asleep and he was dreaming that he'd met a beautiful stranger who was funny, smart, and played the violin. But John's fingers dug into the palm of his hand and the biting pain told him this was better than a dream. He really was here.
(The episode where Frasier tried to give himself therapy but he can't help himself. His mentor asks why he is trying to bury himself in psychiatric exercises and Frasier screams "Because it's all I know!" It's truly a powerful moment and I was thinking about it when I was planning this fic.)
Then they morphed together, clinging desperately to one another as their lips met with ferocious intensity. Sherlock, abandoning caution, took John in his arms with a passion previously unrevealed. His arms wrapped around John tightly, his head was tilted back to reach John’s lips but it wasn’t enough: he needed more. Their lips were sewn so tightly together that it nearly hurt. They needed this- each other- more violently than either had ever needed anything.
Sherlock sat within eyesight, unconcerned with hearing any of her banter. When John had asked whether or not they would sit closer, Sherlock had explained confidently that nothing she would share with these strangers would be of importance. Rather, they were better off observing and following in search of a lead.
One of the penguin's stomachs was already smeared with dark residue and an idea hatched in John’s mind, blooming into a full-blown plot by the end of that day.
Those eyes held all the beauty of the galaxy and just as much emptiness in that moment. His irises were blank, wrought with an apathy that hurt more than retaliation ever could.
He considered the Christmases at 221B, the pain and joy mixing in a stew of stories to tell. The day was loaded for them, indicative of importance every year. Yet only one Christmas memory was worthy of today's tale.
By the time he was ready and focused, Professor Hudson was walking away and a new figure was walking before them.
“Let’s start with I’ll Walk Alone. It was top of the charts, people will love it,” said John, ignorant of- or perhaps simply ignoring- the displeasure of the band.
A sharp rap against his door pulled him sharply out of his thoughts. The muscles along his neck protested against the speed with which he moved his head toward the door. Two sharp knocks in quick procession- it was Sherlock’s knock.
“Great.” Philip picked up his case and shrugged on a jacket, feet taking steps away even as he continued to speak to John. “Meet me at The Rio Lounge tomorrow around 1900.”
Sherlock considered this with sorrow, a single tear rising to his iridescent eye. “I will forget in less than a week.”
His mouth was suddenly dry, his eyes blinking him out of his trance. A top? What was John talking about? John didn’t need a top. Sherlock had been so focused on the man, their topic had escaped him. He knew the fact of his disassociation would disappoint John.
Minutes and minutes later, when John gathered his courage enough to look back up at his model, his eyes were back to their previous focus point and John releases a tension he hadn’t known he was holding. He didn’t know why the man had turned to stare at him in such a manner, but he knew the simple contact had been the most exciting thing to happen to him all day- even all year.
. But here’s the real question: what is she doing flirting with that man when her husband is supposed to be missing?”
John’s smile faltered in response but didn’t disappear. Rather, his head shook in confusion and his eyebrows stitched together, asking, “Wh-Sorry?”
Their chairs were rearranged. John’s idea, of course. They sat compact and silent in John’s seat, placed directly before the fireplace.
John's shot a surprised look toward Sherlock, whose face was arranged in a stony glare directed toward Wiggins. “What do-”
His legs carried him swiftly to the corner, his legs giving out from exhaustion as he attempted to swat over the board. Fingers clumsy in anticipation, he fumbled at the wooden edges to pry it up and inspect what further deductions could be made. When his finger slid under, his heart skipped a beat. Sherlock was more than certain that the thing used to require less strength to lift. Then again, perhaps he simply possessed less strength now.
But suddenly, the years spent in silence didn’t seem to matter. Because John was holding Sherlock close, the two were sharing an intimacy John had only ever dreamed of, and they’d gotten here in the end.
His eyes caught those of the soldier next to him, alight with adrenaline and wide with joy. John gave a goofy smile in response, a crooked look at caused a painful lurch in his heart.
If it's any consolation, this was originally HEAVY angst. I cut it down and edited it to make it slightly less heartbreaking. Perhaps one day the original will see the light of day.
Blood was boiling hot within him, his heart pumping the scorching substance throughout his body and leaving behind hyper-sensitive nerves. His hands flexed in on themselves thrice, his mouth working against aggressive retorts he knew would do no good.
Sholto curtly shook his head, maintaining eye contact politely as he responded, “I’m afraid I will have to ask for a raincheck. I’ve something more important waiting for me at home.”
And there was John, alone in a silent, unfeeling world, caught in between reliving his worst nightmare and living through a brand new one.
Sherlock was perfectly still, no retort for John’s admission of guilt. His hands were white and red with pressure on his knees, his face screwed up in forced-neutrality.
Yet they were out of time, it seemed. As in reality, Sherlock re-lived the return of Moriarty as well as their second narrow escape. Of course, the return to their flat was quite different and Sherlock reveled in the returned love John voiced when they returned.
His friend bound into the room with a dramatic leap of motion. The smile stretched across his face was a painting of sparkles on that beautiful angular face. As so often happened when Sherlock was around, John needed to remind himself to breathe at the sight of him
said the voice in his head. It was quite right, of course. His tolerance of alcohol was already minuscule and the effect of it was made worse by the lack of food in his system.
“Look,” he said, exasperated. He turned on his heel and addressed a furiously perplexed Sherlock. “They’re cute, alright? People like cute things. Even if they’re not ‘practical.’ Sometimes ordinary people like to get things just because they're cute.”
Lestrade wore a half-smile of disbelief, though his eyes tightened in concentration. Clearly, he was unable to distinguish whether or not Sherlock was joking.
He pulled back the smallest amount to bite Sherlock’s upper lip, needing to act upon the urge he’d had all these years.
It was a sentiment heavy on his ears, his cheeks flooding with red-hot delight. “Oh, posh,” he deflected. “You seem to know everyone.”
After placing down his bass in its familiar case, he jumped up to congratulate John on a job well done only to find that John had disappeared completely from the rest of them.
Getting dressed was a chore, of course. John was not without a sense of fashion, but nothing he owned seemed to suit the occasion. He’d put on several tried-and-true outfits before deciding on a risque choice he was previously positive he would never wear.
These letters held the cause of John’s anger toward Sherlock. These letters were the missing link that Sherlock didn’t have before announcing his return. These letters- raw and genuine- explained why John was furious at Sherlock’s cavalier attitude. They also explained why John was unlikely to ever forgive Sherlock.
Opening his eyes, Sherlock scanned for a place the killer could have hidden; perhaps behind several of those bushes? They were sparse, but it would have been nearly dark by that point. The murderer could have been hidden. But what, then, was she doing here at all? Beautiful though it was here, it was neither easily accessible nor marked by a particular landmark as to be expected of a meeting place.
The war bothered some less than others. Perhaps if he could have stopped fixating on the misery of those around him, he wouldn’t have been so bothered by the extent of human suffering that surrounded him every day and night.
,” he said, his face a mask of pure irritation. John was stunned into silence by the sheer fact that he had also known he what he was about to ask. “I
“Alright,” said John with a confidence he had to fake. “What did you mean when you said you’d join me for a drink but I shouldn’t ‘get the wrong idea’?”
Sholto played his trombone with precise motions, not a muscle out of place as he calculated his role with impressive accuracy. If he lacked anything, it was passion and John couldn’t break him from his rigid technique.
I apologize again for the length. The next few may be a bit short since I have a hectic week ahead of me. I beg your forgiveness.
“I see no reason to confide my private business in you,” he snapped, his back still turned, head downcast. “Which of us is for hire as the world’s only consulting detective?”
Philip hardened under his stare, his eyes moving rapidly between John and Sherlock. “He didn’t even serve,” spat Philip with bitter resentment, more to the ground than to anyone in particular.
Sitting next to him in the graduation hall was a pretty woman with straight brown hair. She clearly didn’t know him because her smile turned to him without provocation. “Are you nervous?” she asked brightly. “I’m kind of nervous,” she continued without waiting for an answer.
“What’s wrong?” asked Sherlock, words piercing through the dense cloud of silence surrounding Victor and his head rose slowly to blink at Sherlock.
Sherlock took one last look at the nearly dozen socks he’d been gifted before closing the lid and placing the box on the table beside his seat. He moved toward John and he vaguely wondered if he should duck, move, or even run.
“You know, Sherlock, I quite like it,” John said lazily, smiling over the edge of his cup, nearly empty of its liquid.
Greg sighed and rolled his eyes but remained jovially energetic. “Fine. I know a guy. Trumpet player.”
“Hi-de-ho,” he said, voice smooth as silk and rich as honey. His accent was… American? “I was wondering how many times I’d have to toss you a look before you came over. Fancy a drink?”
“Papa!” screamed Rosie, running into the living room with the toy train that Mycroft had given to her in hand. She ran into Sherlock’s arms, only just able to unwind themselves from John in time to catch her flying body. “Uncle Lestrade is here!”
, John,” he urged, waving his hand toward John and alerting him to the existence of several messy papers in their grip.
If the rest of the world hadn’t fallen away from John, he would have noticed the sly stares and whispers shared between employees as the two men made each other's acquaintance. As it was, however, John paid no mind. There was only himself and Sherlock Holmes in the world, only the two of them at the beginning of something wonderful.
It seemed nothing John said about himself particularly surprised him. It was almost like he… knew it all? Or rather, like every word out of his mouth was a confirmation of a truth that Sherlock already suspected. John couldn’t begin to understand it but he was entranced and unbothered.
John responded with a noncommittal grunt, thoughtful of the different sort of hell this man saw. John’s story against Wiggins’ would likely sound like products of two vastly different wars rather than stories originating from the same fight.
“I had a few drinks before this one here,” she giggled, drink rattling in her gesturing hand. “And going by the smell of your breath, so have you.”
“Well hell, Sherlock, I don’t know. You’ve grown on me. Used to just take challenging cases to you because I needed your expertise but over time… I started rather enjoying your antics.” He shrugged and took another swig of his drink. “I knew you’d never consider me a mate, but didn’t stop me from appreciating your company.”
“Yes,” agreed Sherlock absent-mindedly. His gaze was resting upon John's figure, eyes greedy with the desire to soak him in. “I think it's perfect already.”
“The patience the band demands,” Sherlock said, eyes intent upon him, scanning him. “The time requirement. The effort of writing the music. Forcing yourself to relive the war experience by seeing the struggles of the others. Will it be worth it?”
Now John’s face was contorted in confusion because, of course, this John had no idea what he was talking about. He would not become Sherlock’s blogger until after the conclusion of what he- annoyingly- called “A Study in Pink.”
“I need this,” John continued. “The reasons I need it are the same as yours- the same as Greg’s and Philip’s. We
Why was he rambling? Did this total stranger need a rundown of his life? He clasped his mouth shut, eager to prevent the rest of the words trying to flow out of his unwilling lips.
“No, he’s right,” said Sholto, surprising everyone with his uncharacteristic insertion. “No, not you, Gregson. Watson’s right. The war brought us together just like the contest did. But we didn’t only fight for the war and we don’t play only for the grand prize. I, for one, have placed immense value on the non-musical benefits that this band offers in light of disappointments in other areas of my life.”
“I-I told you,” Sherlock stammered, eyes avoiding John's sparkling eyes as they scrutinized him. “I decorated-”
A stifled laughter wrought with overwhelming delight escaped John, his eyes crinkled as they held his gaze. “You know, we could even include your work in our misadventures.”
Now it's time to see what John was up to during that time. We'll be skipping ahead through the chapter and let's see if you can catch the timestamp references from the other chapters. :)
He bided his time, the day stretching behind him, the end drawing nearer until the sun hung low in the winter sky. Only then did he permit himself to travel into The Crescent, lively and booming with energy. The source of its energy was entwined with the lively band releasing an arrangement of jazz melodies that intoxicated the blood in his veins. Gazing at the stage, he saw himself seven years previous, smiling under brilliant lights that cast harsh shadows as he sang his tunes to a full house. He saw the shadow of his past flicker across the stage, fading into nothing when reality caught up with him.
But damn it all if they weren’t brilliant musicians. Over the course of the past four, fluid 90-minute practice sessions, John had grown more and more impressed with the lot of them.
But the words faded and reality hit the lot of them as the stage door closed and they shuffled toward their dressing room until they were all alive with the energy that just now caught up to them.
“Gentlemen,” said Sholto, his face fighting a smile as well. “Please, I want to maximize our productivity and I would like to see the kids tonight.”
As always, thank you so much for reading. I sincerely value and adore every single person who has read, subscribed, kudo-ed, bookmarked, and all those lovely things. <3
He wondered if he should lie. Mind racing, he stole a look at Sherlock, desperately trying to understand what sort of music
John was hastily rising, watching a blur of blonde hair make its way to the door. “I’m certain your mind could sufficiently solve this case.”
“Right,” said John again through tight teeth. He had to remind himself forcefully that he couldn’t go burning bridges here. He also had to remind himself that it wasn’t the employee's fault. Still, frustration burned in him.
John’s eyes snapped open, the room around him appearing to him as though through an unfocused camera lens. He hadn't even noticed them fall shut. “What?”
A rather beautiful woman sat two tables down from him, though he could not catch her eyes despite how hard he laboured. Another man that John figured was around his own age- perhaps a few years younger?- sat in the isolated corner seat, face hidden behind a thick volume of pages. He spotted jet-black curls above the book and forced himself to tear his eyes away from his long legs that were crossed and bouncing to an unheard rhythm. The only other person sitting in this small space was an older gentleman who stared out the window, clearly lost in wistful thoughts that left the rest of them behind.
Suppressing the desire to check himself in the nearest mirror, he took a deep breath and walked slowly over to where the man stood. To his surprise, the devilishly handsome gentleman turned to him as he approached, his mouth curving into a smile that could have caused a traffic collision.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, the word barely audible but strengthening Sherlock’s resolve. It was now, he knew it was. He needed to say it. Now.
“Yeah, yeah,” he said dismissively. Then, suddenly, the thought was in his head and his mouth was heeding no caution. “How long have we been friends?”
“So which ones did you get me?” asked Sherlock, a sudden burst of joyous energy suddenly injected into his voice. He was wide-eyed with anticipation and John’s heart was quite sore indeed.
When Zane started regularly speaking to him, even smiling at him as they passed each other in the hallways, Sherlock was terrified. What if Zane liked him? There could be no allowance for weakness in this place that could crumble apart at even the implication of his feelings for a boy. Even worse, what if Zane
However, the alcoholic beverages were proving beneficial to himself as well. His mind was not threatening to crush him with thought. He did not feel terrified and unable to connect with others. He suddenly struggled to recall exactly
Sherlock flushed a colour that John rarely saw on the man. His heart was racing, though he couldn't say why. Sherlock's words were hesitant and soft when he spoke, “I read that candles were a nice way to set a romantic mood.”
When the answers were not presented there, he steeled his courage, gripped his hands into fists that instantly hurt his own palms, and took a deep breath.
There was a possibility that John's decision to come to this specific bar was a mistake. The music was loud, the air was viscous with breath, and the people were boisterous.
“Ah,” Sherlock drawled, bringing his glass to his lips for one small sip. “As always, context clarifies.” When John gave him a quizzical look, he waved away John’s unspoken questions. “Doesn’t matter. I’m a detective... of sorts.”
“Did you just make a date with Sherlock Holmes?” she asked, wide-eyed in a whisper after Sherlock was well out of earshot.
“-weather update, Susan. Now we have a special treat for everyone listening. Exclusively on KACL and for the first time, we are proud to air a special song to celebrate our victory. This one is for our beloved soldiers returned home from the war.”
At first, there was no visible change in his expression and every hope he’d built up began a rapid descent.
John didn’t need to think twice. Throwing all caution to the wind, he flew down the street to fall into step beside the man. The winter air was sharp in his lungs but he paid it no mind. Beside him walked a sexy, mysterious, and clever man. He was right out of John’s dreams.
BUT WAIT! There's more! I am a semi-professional singer and will be recording the songs that Sherlock will be singing in the fic. Just for fun, really. The recordings won't be amazing quality but it will supplement the fic.
“Yes,” Sherlock drawled, the “s” coming out in a hiss. “Physical evidence is your basis. It’s not a deduction, however.”
,” he nearly shouted. “It isn’t! This is about how we went through hell only to come home and be treated like second-class citizens. This is about how every problem we’re enduring is swept under the rug. How we’re told everything is supposed to be ‘just like it was before.’ But now you have two choices: you can roll over and give up or you can fight for this- what we deserve. And you’re still standing here after the war so we
In this half-high, he swore he heard John’s voice. It echoed around him, ricocheting around his mind as he marvelled at his mind’s ability to craft his desires into nearly-real hallucinations.
“Sherlock!” cried John, the panic rising in his voice. He half-ran to Sherlock’s side, his hand landing on top of his over the door knob. Gentle but certain, he prevented his mate from turning the knob. “I am sorry.” The words were a dry sob in his throat. “I am so fucking sorry.”
,” John groaned, wracking his brain for a fact- two of them- that would satisfy him. “I’ve always dreamed of living in the heart of London.”
This seemed to appease her a bit, her arms falling gently to her side as she walked away from him, back from wherever she was staked out to watch and judge him.
He put his weight on the cane, held on tightly with both hands in front of him, and simply stared, unblinking, at the still form of the late Victor Trevor. He was surprised to find that he was… sad. That was unexpected, in truth. He didn't dabble frequently in the business of sorrow- or affection in general. It was a terribly wasteful thing to spend a lifetime focused on. Still, Victor had made Sherlock happier than could possibly be decent. Victor had been a good friend and husband to his brother. But more than that, Victor had been a good man. Mycroft could admit that much, at least.
It was a revolutionary sort of feeling when Zane told him that his wildflower painting in art was beautiful. Sherlock flushed a brilliant shade of maroon and stuttered out a thank you, desperate to drown in his beautiful blue eyes. When Zane asked to borrow a pencil in geometry, he kept a straight face but handed him three.
He met the scanning eyes of Sherlock again, and he knew he would receive no prompt to begin. Quietly clearing his throat, he looked up at the ceiling as if the answers would be right above him, able to be gasped and presented to achieve resolution.
“Not- Not because- No,” John sputtered, wishing with every ounce of him that the alcohol wasn’t causing his brain to feel so slippery. Sherlock was affronted and still, he couldn’t refrain from barreling forward with his denial. “She’s a
.” He whispered the words, brain racing to beat itself in a race to reach a conclusion that he couldn’t see yet. "Again," he ordered.
“In 2020, London saw a white Christmas,” he said with the tone he knew Sherlock found comforting. “We were not yet together, but we were close. We opened gifts, ate a perfect meal, and we were settling in for a quiet evening when you observed the serene setting outside our window.”
John was only just now realizing what a wreck he must look. Soaked to the skin from the flood occurring outside, his hair was a heap of tangles, he made a speedy and ineffective effort to be a more presentable version of himself. These thoughts occurred to him because the man walking across the front of the classroom was quite striking. Enough so to encourage self-conscious thoughts. Black hair that tumbled in curls across his temples and impossible cheekbones lent him an air of elegance. Pale skin that glinted in the light and slender limbs were timelessly handsome and he could have belonged to any age at all.
“Let’s hope so,” Sherlock responded, his gaze torn suddenly by a motion to his left. John turned to see Mary waltzing away, toward the door. “Because our suspect is leaving and it’s a case that requires two minds.”
The rehearsal space left much to be desired. Namely, any acoustics of value. Still, the small space provided enough room for the band to gather without any sensation of crowding.
Sherlock ripped through his mind palace at a speed unprecedented. There was only one thing that mattered now, and as always, it was the same: John Watson. Getting to John Watson now, being before him now. He was chasing his last hope in the universe and it would be the only hope to survive endless denial. The floor was air beneath him in his race to escape, his feet flew more than ran as he passed it all: all his cases, all his heartbreak, all the times he’d ever pushed someone away without wanting to, all the times he’d spent laughing alongside John, solving mysteries with John, his college boyfriend walking out the door and Sherlock dying to stop it, endless memories of events that had always been working, always leading to this moment right now.
. His mind exhausted itself running through the same thoughts, the same rationale. But always it came to the same conclusion: this was Sherlock’s fault.
“Show me,” he commanded because he knew there was no forgetting the touch that was lingering like pinpoints on the pads of his fingers.
No one in his life had called him brilliant before. He’d been called weird, freak, arsehole, smartarse, and any other number of cruel names. But brilliant? Not once.
What was your initial recommendation for John’s gift? None of your other recommendations are good enough. SH
If you like it- if you find yourself glad you came, then you sing along with me on one of the practice songs,” John had proposed. And Sherlock had agreed.
Sherlock started, eyes flying to scan the man who was shooting fleeting glances while handing the smiling cashier a bundle of one pound bills. His blond hair was cropped close to his head, a clear military cut. This was supported additionally by his posture: rigidly straight, his motions precise and clear cut. Though he held himself with power and control, there was not much else remarkable about the man; an estranged family, clear physical and mental trauma from the war, and alone in his routine of life.
John pushed thoughts of the band to the very back room of his mind. What he needed to do now would require every last ounce of strength he possessed. It was no time to have any semblance of split focus.
(You may wonder why John wasn't with Sherlock on the case. Sherlock was out and about when he stumbled upon it, certain it would be simple and he wouldn't need John's help.)
If you don't like smut, congratulations! You've reached the end. They live happily ever after and slowly begin to heal themselves and each other. If you DO like smut, the next chapter is just porn. Continue to the final chapter and enjoy.
“Okay, what about him?” John prompted, laughing between fingers that were attempting to hide a flowing smile.
Yet now he sat fiddling with his silly Christmas sweater and John was delusional with desire. He thought of the sweaters he owned, wishing Sherlock would stroke his jumpers like he was stroking his own.
Yet over the course of the weeks leading up to Christmas, John was not oblivious to the number of appearances the sweater made in their flat. It seemed a nearly nightly guest of theirs and John relished the sight. He knew Sherlock recalled his words, knew that he wore if especially for John.
“Kiss me,” she breathed, and only now did his intoxicated brain realize that yes, she reeked of hard liquor.
We have reached Sherlock at last. For reference as the years change in this back story, he was born in 1920.
They’d been instructed to wait for further instruction in their dressing room. There was not a care to be had in the room or the world. It could have been three minutes or five hours and they wouldn’t have known the difference.
He was the only man without a partner in this light gathering of people outside the bar. He was leaning against the wall like he had not a care in the world, but his strikingly bright eyes were alight with mischief. Locks of perfectly curled, black hair framed a face consisting of angles and panes that gave him the distinct look of a prince out of his time.
And Philip could not muster an answer. Because in truth? No. It hadn’t occurred to him in even the smallest magnitude that that sophomore girl was attractive. It hadn’t crossed his mind in a whisper or as a shadow of inclination. Then, a grander revelation: as his friends developed and matured, they’d all obtained crushes and become increasingly amorous toward various women while Philip remained stubbornly unimpressed by the whole of the gender.
Words were not spoken before the cracking of the flames, but Sherlock’s mind was racing. He couldn’t relax with his heart so close to those flames.
“I’m not-” he started weakly, but his words fell flat between them as he searched for something in John’s eyes. He couldn’t be sure what he was looking for, but John was helpless to look away from him. Finally, a soft sigh escaped through lips thin with pressure and his arms fell from his chest to rest on the table.
Silence followed, unbearable to endure. Again, his breath remained stubbornly frozen in his own chest. It was as though the words were echoing around him, frozen in the air until he was suffocating. The silence between them spread into an insufferable torture, and Sherlock was now certain that every word he had spoken had been a meter dug deeper into his own grave.
Not a single one of them was silent, their voices rising over one another and John didn’t know who was talking to who, but John was talking to Sherlock, looking at him as though he were the sun that provided life to the entirety of his existence.
And here, Sherlock Holmes, such a brilliant man, was desperately missing the most critical piece of information. John struggled to find words that wouldn’t come out as condescending.
When his feet finally, reluctantly, slowly carried him back upstairs, he couldn’t bring himself to settle back into his woven chair in their shared sitting room. He hauled himself upward further until he reached his room and, closing the door behind him, he sat down on his bed.
The scars lent the tree a three-dimensional quality and John’s heart clenched with affection. This man whom he loved so dearly was more strong than John could ever be.
Sherlock rose soundlessly and fell into step behind the last of the men until they were once again soldiers marching into battle.
The waitress stood dumbstruck looking at the man, affronted at the coat in her hands and the order barked at her. She said nothing in response, murder in her eyes as she dragged her feet away.
Me, pulling my hair out because I had writer's block for this chapter: I'm just going to write "221B Baker Street" and that's going to be the whole chapter.
Bad news, everyone. I fractured my pinky today. It's nearly impossible to type. Today's wasn't impacted because I already had it written BUT some of the next few chapters may either be late OR quite short. Please bear with me as I try to figure out how to proceed with this collection.
Without further thought, he nodded at Wiggins, who played his one-measure drum intro with passion and energy. The short intro was joined by a burst of horns to accent the chords stuck on the piano and his voice rang clearly through the immense building:
“None taken,” John said with a shrug. And he really meant it. And for one split moment, Sherlock could see it before him: singing with men who served, singing songs in front of people and becoming a part of a whole again. Serving a purpose. Doing something that was
“We walked in silence, the snow crunching minutely under our feet as we traversed streets we knew too well.”
“Now imagine I noted your band mate’s sexuality in front of him,” Sherlock continued. “Even though it’s obvious to me- even though the evidence is there for
I apologize for the delay on this one. It's before midnight PST, but I'm sure it's already the 9th for many of you. Please forgive me!
. What was I supposed to do? I moved on, I’ve found a lovely woman who I have accepted as my future. Then you came back and everything has changed. But you- God, you want to pretend it hasn’t."
“Can I help you?” he asked with attempted severity but instead only achieved a sort of choked quality.
If you're interested in a prequel to this, I can inform you if/when I post one. Just let me know if you're interested. :)
“How about a change of pace?” Sherlock said, voice as smooth as velvet and his excitement as tangible as this table beneath him. “How about an adventure?”
Sherlock nodded with a delirious smile upon his face, eyes simply sparkling with pride. “Very good, John. Now what does it all mean? Talk through it.”
It was worth this temporary gap of passion: his chest exposed by a shirt and silk robe that were both falling to the side. Sherlock’s head still hung off the chair, rolled back from the euphoria of the moment. He was so beautiful, it seemed impossible that he could be real.
John lowered his hand then, his eyes connecting with Sherlock’s only under the hood of lowered eyes.
“Excuse you,” said Sherlock with ire and John was thrilled to find him so easily baited. “My range is fine and I have been trained-”
One particularly lovely spring day, the two escaped responsibilities together in favour of the refuge provided by a serene pond. It was picture perfect with snow-white lilies blooming around the water, beautiful petals floating across the shallow water that reflected the brilliant shade of blue provided by the sky above them. The air was moving everything slightly to the left, carrying a light aroma of fresh lavender from somewhere nearby. Yet despite the almost unbelievable beauty of it all, Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off of Victor.
He began to consider the idea of back peddling; providing John with mindless assurances that would bring him back into the bed. But no, Sherlock knew it wasn’t a viable option. He was in too deep to go back now. He wasn’t able to go back and chose silence. The only option was to go forward, to provide a case that John couldn't argue with.
The voice came from his right and he nearly tripped over himself in his motion to rotate and find the source of the sound.
It was Philip. His nose was nearly pressed against the paper, his eyes narrowed as they flew across the words on the page. His words brought an eerie stillness upon them, the words processing repeatedly through every mind as they refused to sink in.
At these words, Wiggins slipped low, guttural laugh and waved his hand in dismissal. “Your wish. Who's your friend?”
“I don’t- What do you mean?” John asked, attempting to sound innocent and failing spectacularly. His heart was beating loud enough to hear the blood in his ears, loud enough to betray him.
He rose from his chair and strutted to the doorway, nerves raising with every passing step. Swinging the door open, John took in the sight of Sherlock before him, tall and manic. The energy around him was strange, active, anxious. In his eyes, John saw something like determination mingled with an almost sort of fear.
John moved his lips slowly, softly. He felt the movement mirrored, their motions entirely in-sync just as they always were. The tenderness held in that moment caused an almost-painful wrench in his heart. The love he held was inescapable and completely unrivaled. He wanted to believe, in that moment, that they were the first two people on Earth to ever experience this: true, undying, consuming love.
More than that, however, was the horror of being the band to cope with nerves for the longest period of time. John was desperate to relieve the nerves wracking his bandmates, trying desperately to distract then with various tactics such as small talk and prattling on about music theory. The effort was futile, though, and they settled into silence in their small dressing room as they waited hours for their turn.
The stench in the makeshift tent was gnarly, every single living body rushing with frantic, untamable energy. The only bodies to remain still were the dead and Mycroft Holmes.
John turned toward the voice, his attention ripped from the assembling crowd in The Crescent. Philip stood with his hands behind his back, eyes lit from within with a polite curiosity.
He’d been asleep long enough for the effect of his nightcap to wear off. Now, horrifically sober, his insides were pleading for the satisfaction of his craving. The desire for it was a flame that put every nerve of his on edge. Everything was too sharp around him, reality pulverising him with its intensity. The drink relieved every pain inside him as it rushed down his throat.
The portion of him that was always so close to the edge took over, his mouth thrashing before his mind could prevent it. “Yeah, well some of us had a little service to take care of- a little war to fight. Maybe you heard something about it in the papers?”
The two-syllable syllable word was a wall of grief in his throat, the despair and desperation ringing through the air. It was as much a scream as a question, a cry that would never receive an answering response.
His body was marched relentlessly forward, hauling him through abuse, torture, sorrow, and suffering in the name of life. All experiences came and passed without pity and in the end, it wouldn’t matter. This march had an inescapable destination: Samarra.
Barely able to believe it, he realized her sensical deduction elevated his mood slightly. It was a promise of a not-entirely useless day.
His tears were upon the page, smearing select words to near un-recognition. The memory of his husband had been defiled in mere seconds with thoughtless carelessness.
Several times (five, to be exact), John considered asking Sherlock if he wouldn’t prefer to return to the concert since his treatment was finished. But he couldn’t pull the words out; they were lodged firmly in the back of his mind and unwilling to budge even one millimetre closer to revealing themselves. Instead, he did what was infinitely the more selfish choice: he stayed silent on the matter.
He walked silently through a door that continued to swing rebelliously back and forth for too long after a body passed through it. John’s heart beat exactly ninety-seven times before a hand threw open the door once more to make way for not one body, but two.
“And how did you reach the conclusion, little Watson?” asked Sherlock with sickening softness, his eyes twinkling as they looked at her.
His voice when he spoke was sparse and terrified. “I don’t want to go back to a world without this.” He said the last word with a deliberate shake of the both of their hands. He gave a defeated shrug, but Sherlock could not figure out why. For the words had elated Sherlock’s heart to unknown heights.
Everything had changed. He didn’t understand why or how. But he knew he could not live with this man who would always be a reminder of what he had been so close to having: companionship and understanding. This new, distant Sherlock was a stranger to him. He could see no happy future that included himself tip-toeing around the one person John had held out immeasurable hope for. He would be lying to himself if he said he wasn't holding out hope still, even now.
“And that train would take us home. Directly home. We would ride first class and everyone- they would thank us for what we sacrificed for Britain. But first, we needed to fight, needed to win.”
Finger’s clenching, itching for something to do, his mind raced with thoughts of calling her, leaving under an invisibility cloak, pretending he was here alone this whole time, or finding her suddenly before him, a gush of apologies escaping her as she explained her tardiness. The last would be preferable, a visual show for those darting eyes accusing him of the truth. If she showed up now, even now, he would not need to do anything other than accept the silent recognition of error from those who had judged or pitied him.
Sherlock Holmes’ rather than make him an official member.” He looked at Sherlock with an arched eyebrow to ensure this was an acceptable arrangement and saw him nod in agreeance. “How’s that, Philip? Better?”
It was evident that Lestrade was in desperate need of a night out with a friend; with someone who would have fun and engage in shared laughter. The fastest course of action, of course, was for Sherlock to allow himself to "let loose." By letting loose, he would provide him with the entertainment of seeing the side of Sherlock that was so often locked away. It would help him, he knew it would.
With the patience of a starving man awaiting dinner, John drummed his fingers along the wooden table he had seated himself at and eagerly anticipated the end of the band’s set. Time crawled so slowly, it was surely moving more slowly just to spite his thinning patience. After a small lifetime of waiting, the band finally made their way off the stage to a round of superficial applause from a distracted and ungrateful audience.
It was not that Sherlock underestimated the impact of alcohol. Nor was Sherlock unable to calculate how much alcohol would be needed to achieve maximum enjoyment. Rather, he was determined to allow the different side of himself to come out tonight. Not only for himself, but for Lestrade.
He interrupted him by making a great show of putting down his menu, sweeping his hands together to create a temple that touched his nose. His eyes were set on John then, and under the intensity, John found he would have preferred the indifference he had shown before.
John’s head snapped to Sholto, stoic as always yet with far more passion burning within than he’d ever seen. His jaw was squared, poised to remain loyal and refusing to go down without a fight.
“I reckon things are starting to feel normal again, yeah? Back to singing? Just like it was before?”
He was clearly, visibly fighting against a smile. John wondered how much he suppressed active emotion, wondered why he wouldn’t allow even this small happiness. Gingerly, he extracted a thick, woollen pair of socks that his mom had chosen for him. It was designed with pointed tops to remble cat ears, the neck of the sock bearing the eyes, nose, and whiskers of a cat while the whole foot was decorated with pawprints. His eyes scanned the others: the fox pair, the pair with doughnuts, the mix-matched sort that portrayed Marvel heroes, and others. All of them were fuzzy, all of them were adorable.
He had thought- had truly believed- that his suffering had been greater than John’s. Through his travels, his torture, and his painstaking exploits, he was certain that he had received the short end of the stick. He absolutely convinced himself that John, safe and living a normal life, would have been spared any significant suffering.
This opening note contains TWs that are minor spoilers to the progression of the chapter. If you aren't bothered or triggered by anything, you can skip over this note to be surprised by the plot.
Sherlock looked affronted and so comically insulted, John fought to turn a bark of laughter into a giggle.
“John.” His name a swelling desire on Sherlock’s lips. Not a desire for passion, but a desire for the truth.
As some of you may have picked up on, the last seven chapters also saw us moving forward in time. Al's chapter (the first of the seven) was in late December 1945 and Mycroft's (the last) was in late February 1946.
It was the most peculiar thing to see Sherlock look as perplexed as John felt. He seemed surprised by John’s reaction as though his words weren’t the originating source of such a reaction. Painted on his face was alarm mingled with confusion as he continued, “I- I’m sorry. What- I don’t have to tell you.” He was scrambling for words, scrambling for a dry place on a ship that was sinking. “I was trying to think of something to say and I panicked- clearly I chose incorrectly, I-”
It was a freight train causing his world to teeter. It was an impossible hope causing his brain to completely shut down. It was a confession that surely exposed that this was all a dream, surely.
The bristles shone until they blinded him. Without his conductor of light, their illumination was unbearable. He begged this was it, the final barrier between his high and death.
Thank you to those of you who waited upwards of a year for this final chapter and please forgive me.
The chapter name is the song that John was singing at the opening of the set. As I mentioned before, this is based on the musical Bandstand. If you want to hear the song, you can hear it on Spotify
Pushing his pelvis aggressively against Sherlock’s and leaning his torso along every part they could touch, John deepened the kiss and explored every crevice of Sherlock’s perfect mouth. He couldn’t tell what was his breath and what was his own and didn’t care. He wanted him- wanted every last bit of him. He kissed him like it was the last time he ever would.
Philip’s eyes were intent upon a notch in the wood for a long moment before he looked up again, slowly, and replied, “I know.”
“Er- alright,” John started uncomfortably. “Remember: this is just the preliminary round. The bar is fairly low. So we know we can win. We can win on our bad days and we can demolish the rest of them on our best days.”
He stayed an outsider of the experience while enjoying Sholto’s rigid perfection, Tobias’ dark sense of humour, Philip’s frequent eye rolls, Wiggins’ mindless perfection, John’s impatient corrections, and Greg ’s snarky jabs when John corrected anyone other than himself.
This should be a 4-6k fic but alas, time does not permit it. Info that couldn't organically fit into the fic at this length: Sherlock couldn't play because the muscle was too injured to strum the guitar and perform. A look-alike stood on stage while the guitar track played and the look-alike pretended to play. But the look-alike couldn't be convincing during the meet and greet so Sherlock actually needed to be there for that. The woman is a PA who is also a big fan of the band. Also, David is the drummer.
Sherlock’s tears were falling unabashedly now. Without care or precaution, the tears fell heavily down his cheeks, the waves of water tracing down his face in peculiar designs. Some were racing to the floor to fall in puddles that were water paintings of his pain. Others fell down his cheek so slowly, they were nearly immobile- each slight motion down his face an alarm to notify him of his sorrow as it crept along the height of his cheekbone and then dipped into the valley of his cheeks.
“How long have you been playing?” John ignored the way Sherlock leaned in closer when he asked. Well, he tried to, at least.
The doors swung open to present him with a cloud of thick air polluted with hot breath, smoke, and the stench of bodies. He was unable to keep his displeasure off his face but continued on, eyes raking every face in the crowd for a familiar chin, nose, pair of eyes, or hair colour that would stir recognition. A blaring saxophone resounded through the air, sound waves trembling with the intensity of the bursts of music. John's neck whipped around to locate the source of the racket, muscles protesting against the sudden motion.
“I don’t know,” said Greg with uncharacteristic introspection. “I don’t think we can win without him. He’s much better than you, John.” Then, after a moment, added, “No offence.”
Face-to-face with the end of their evening, John’s stomach plummeted to his navel. “So… there was no point, yeah? What was accomplished?”
Heart in his throat, he ripped the rubber band off so ferociously, the snap of it stung his fingers. With delicate care he hadn’t shown the rubber band, he flipped through the stack of envelopes and saw with dizzying comprehension that each one- every single one- was a letter to him. All written in John’s handwriting.
The man’s hand jumped to his mouth, clearly attempting to cover yet another smile. “Sure thing, mate. Just off a case, knew you must be starving. Not a good practice to drink with nothing in there, you know.”
“You have to focus on that solo of yours,” chastised Tobias to Philip. “A slip like that might slide here but in front of a panel of judges-”
I'm seriously missing the Johnlock element and I'm sure many of you are as well. I hope you will maintain some patience as we explore these other characters. I promise the Johnlock love and drama will return in full swing very soon and it will be worth the wait.
“No,” said Sherlock curtly. His head was down, eyes risking only side glances toward the handsome boy. “The whole ordeal is foolish. I’m staying home.”
John flushed, his fingers mindlessly thumping out a simple major scale as he answered, “To be decided. It's a long way off. For now, let’s focus on the material we have.”
The small shop was ordained with bookshelves brimming with a variety of fiction and nonfiction essays, novels, and picture books. Along one shelf, dozens of board games were lined up in worn boxes. Only seven tables were available for customers with only three of them occupied. The two employees moving in fluid, dance-like cadence behind the counter were wearing matching black aprons.
He sprinted with impossible speed through his Mind Palace until he reached the exit. With an excited push on the door, he came back to reality with a rock of his body, his eyes fluttering open to behold the most beautiful sight in the universe: John.
As their kiss deepened, lengthened, changed, adapted, and softened, John was only distantly realizing that all this time, all these years, in all his anguish, Sherlock had wanted him as desperately as he’d wanted Sherlock.
Sherlock raised a long finger to the rebellious lock of hair that escaped from the others. Using the greatest amount of care he possessed, he placed the hair back with the others, watching with benign pleasure as it proceeded to immediately fall back over his forehead.
Sherlock blinked, his heart wrenching painfully from this show of excessive cruelty. What was John getting at? What, pray tell, was the purpose of this level of emotional brutality? Sharp, surprising tears made themselves known by burning painfully behind his eyes. He refused to concede them, refused to show just how much John had disappointed him. His face twisted into a mask of deflective anger.
That did it. That broke the frozen terror that had seized him. His head snapped up to gawk at Trevor, eyes bulging with disbelief and a tremulous smile beginning at the edges of his mouth.
“Because it’s the truth,” whispered John, his eyes continuing to spill tears as they searched imploringly at the man so cold before him.
“So I went to that night often- in my mind, I mean. I recalled the way you felt, the silky feeling of your skin, your perfect lips, the feeling of safety of life in your arms… I will spend the rest of my life trying to make up for what I did to you- to
It was silent for an eternity. There existed only Sherlock, still as the dead, and John, cheeks wet with his silent tears and frozen only by the weight of the truth that finally lay between them both.
“That record doesn’t skip normally,” he said in a nearly apologetic voice. He was distant, and John shot an uncertain glance between Sholto and the record player to determine whether or not he was speaking to him. “I wonder how the damage-”
She scanned his face for the context of his reaction but found none. Instead, she answered with impossible sluggishness, “Tomorrow. He’s available for seeing clients at 2.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, though the glisten in them revealed gentle intrigue, not scepticism. “You think so?”
Now he knew John had loved him nearly as passionately as Sherlock had always loved him. Sherlock imagined being safe in London but coping with the permanent loss of John. He knew beyond doubt that suffering the loss of the love of his life would be immeasurably worse than any wound afflicted from undercover work.
John had grown used to Sherlock’s unusual cruelty. His blatant honesty in all matters and his absolute refusal to consider the feelings of others were two appealing elements that had initially intrigued John. Ordinary lies to fluff the egos of others was dull, after all. But this present, unfiltered honesty regarding John’s place in Sherlock’s life was a knife in his heart and unrelenting hurt in his soul.
A groan that Sherlock probably didn’t think John would hear escaped the detective and his hands balled into tight fists in response. “They’re different gaits, too, John!”
A foreign wail of pain resounded throughout the room. Distantly, Sherlock wondered where the noise was coming from. Why did Mycroft halt his explanation? It took far too long to realize that the sound was coming from himself.
It happened so suddenly, he couldn’t say how he was suddenly stumbling forward. One moment, he had been leaning forward, and the next it seemed Sherlock had simply vanished from the air before him. John’s eyes snapped open, placing one foot ahead of him to prevent himself from falling over. His neck still burned with the contact where Sherlock’s hand had been upon it.
Then again, he hadn’t known if Sholto or Greg were any good when he’d blindly agreed to bring them onboard. And he trusted Sherlock.
So he stepped out to the classroom, briefly scanned the faces staring at him, and removed his robe. In one corner of his eye, he saw a still figure among scuttering bodies. They sat transfixed and Sherlock’s neck was prickling with anticipation. Perhaps this lack of motion was a guilty admission. Perhaps this man, just older than himself, recognized Sherlock. Perhaps he knew that, even naked and still, Sherlock could break him- make
Lestrade’s head jumped up from where it was hanging, surprise clear in his eyes to see Sherlock standing before him again.
A trace of a smile re-appeared on the devilishly handsome man, his eyes gleaming with understanding. “Are you asking me to join you for a drink?”
“Because this may be the very last moment I am able to confess,” he answered truthfully. The doors after this were limited. So much pain was in store for the both of them down this unstoppable path. John would be married, Sherlock would relapse, John would suffer great loss and personal strife, and Sherlock would be wholly unable to cope with the loss of John’s companionship.
Their eyes connected and his stomach reacted with powerful force. “Meaning,” he responded in a measured tone, “I'm not quite communicative enough to enjoy it.”
Every single member would be a military veteran performing a song about service. They couldn’t lose.
“Thanks,” he said shyly, a nervous smile threatening at the corners of his mouth. “What about you? Going to medical school yet?”
John hesitated only one half of one split moment after hearing him sit before following suit. Hands active in their wringing, he walked until he stood right next to his own chair. Before him, Sherlock was sitting with his legs crossed delicately, the dangling leg bouncing back and forth as his eyes searched John with skepticism. His hands were steepled beneath his nose, his body language screaming that John was under every scrutiny that Sherlock Holmes was capable of.
He cursed his own inability to get the words out. Was he going to allow this strained, half-friendship to exist simply because he was unable to articulate the depth of his own emotions?
“Sherlock?” he called hesitantly, his eyes unable to make sense of the overload of information that the room offered. Sherlock always said that John sees but does not observe, and at that moment, he had to agree. The flat was registering visually, but he was far too overwhelmed to take any of it in. The minute details of the ensemble were lost on him.
The man considered this for a time, as he sincerely considered the situation. “Then you gotta self-educate, I reckon.”
. Sherlock had been so focused on remaining cool, he’d nearly forgotten he had arrived criminally early. “Er- right. Yeah, I- didn’t mean it like that.”
It happened in flashes: walking down the hallway, falling into place on stage, the announcers opening up the final scores from the judges, The Horns winning third place, the Supernova band winning second place, and, finally-
. Doing something that wouldn’t remind him of Victor every moment because this was new and exciting. Doing something that made him feel good and… wanted.
It was a set-up box approximately 21 centimeters width and height with a depth of 10 centimeters. The lid was snug. Clearly, this box was purchased for this specific purpose and only used when its owner put in its contents. This box was not well-worn nor opened frequently to access its insides. The bow, a dark purple to contrast the lilac of the box itself, bore marks of attempted elegance, but the bow was uneven with frayed edges where the maker must have used their teeth or dull scissors to cut the ends. Evidently, it was important to present to box in a pleasing fashion but not critical enough to warrant taking extra time or resources to make it perfect.
He could pretend he was assessing the size of the crowd. He could pretend he was checking to see how attentive the audience would be. He could pretend he was simply observing people who would soon be cheering their hard work. He could pretend.
John’s eyebrows furrowed together, clearly put off by the sudden and rude interruption of his quiet. “Gee, thanks,” he said, confused irritation painting the words.
Yet in that moment, as Jonathon searched Philip’s eyes for the agreeance in his objectification, Philip found a different sort of affection. Those eyes- the eyes of his best friend, the eyes that accompanied oh so many of his greatest memories- made him go positively weak in the knees.
He’d solved international terrorist attacks more quickly. What made these murders special? Yes, surely tomorrow was the day. He would pry information out of anyone he needed to, go anywhere he needed, examine every centimetre of the village until it yielded its secrets. It seemed too daunting to think of himself remaining clueless in 24 hours’ time. He would solve it early and be back in London by Friday, in the comfort of his home with all those heavenly vices that his skin crawled for. His veins were screaming, crying out for the relief of his stash, of blissful quietude as it wrapped around his racing mind and- for just a moment- made it all stop.
Good Lord, the mouth on this man. And yet an unexpected, burst of laughter escaped, surprising himself. Sherlock’s sly smile grew slightly, staring ahead but clearly pleased with himself for making John laugh.
“But-” said John with such pain in the word that Sherlock felt the pain in equal measure. His head jerked up so rapidly that his neck ached with the motion.
“Hey,” John said sternly, his own tears threatening him with stings behind his eyes. Sherlock's head tilted to make eye contact. “Stop that. Details don't matter. Only the truth matters. You've never forgotten the truth. You never will.”
“I can understand that,” John spoke, hoarse and speaking to the air more than Sherlock. Still, Sherlock heard and they shared a fourth shot without needing to discuss it.
Yes. The cream always rises to the top. But if nobody drinks it- if nobody knows it- it’s going to spoil.
Then it was done and Sherlock was facing him, eyes wide to make his deductions and his hands fidgeting with one another. John tried to say something- anything at all, but his whole body was paralyzed with horror that Sherlock misinterpreted.
Unconsciously, John licked his lips, his eyes scanning Sherlock’s for even the slightest hint of insincerity. He, of course, found none. Never had words been uttered with more sincerity than the words of love spoken from Sherlock Holmes to John Watson.
A long “hmm” escaped from Sherlock as his eyes scanned John for something he couldn’t guess. “Doctor John Watson,” he said softly.
In response, Sherlock heaved a great sigh that mingled with a groan. He cast his eyes to the ceiling for a drawn-out moment, deep breaths raising his chest. After a show of wrangling his patience, he met John’s eyes once more and said in a low voice, “Please.”
It was a cold December night in 221B, the fire raging to provide warmth as John sipped a bit of Earl Grey to equalize the warmth of his outsides and insides. It was a calm, peaceful evening when Sherlock flopped in with muffled footsteps and settled in without a word into his seat. His eyes were far away, unfocused.
want to go talk to the man. And Sherlock’s request for him to do so gave him an excellent excuse to go do so. He could pretend to find the ordeal dreadful while revelling in just a bit of self-indulgence.
why did his mind gone directly to Sherlock when a woman had kissed him? He was frozen, unsure of what to do with any of his limbs, unaware of whether his eyes had fallen shut on his own accord or if he’d shut them intentionally?
This fic is based on the musical called Bandstand. While I recommend listening to it because it's AMAZING, I would not recommend listening to it unless you want this entire fic spoiled for you. I will post corresponding songs once certain plot points are covered.
Taking a deep breath to steady himself, he forced the words out, though they escaped perhaps too quickly. “I’m afraid I offended you greatly that night, Sherlock. I- I didn’t mean to. I must have misunderstood what you were trying to say and I didn’t mean to overstep or hurt you. I’m so-”
, John. For the first time in my life, I wish to be vulnerable. For the first time in my life, I am risking something precious. I am asking you, John, to stay with me.”
“I’m supposed to believe you after the way you were acting in there? Avoiding eye contact, flushing with colour when I looked at you- the gig is up. I read guilt in every movement you made.”
“I’ll make do without it,” he assured Philip when he stammered his resistance. “I’m sure you’ll make it up to me somehow,” he added in a hushed whisper and winked before rolling over to face away from him.
For a long moment, Sherlock stared at the small bundle of fabric in his hands. The socks were ordained with smiling penguins, one tobogganing happily across a frozen lake. “And you,” Sherlock said softly, “think these are cute?”
How did I get from "Frost" to this? I honestly don't know. But this is the longest ficlet yet. Happy Thursday!
Sherlock seemed taken aback and proceeded more slowly. “I mean… I just meant- Sorry. Would you prefer to know which of your friends is gay?”
The man was saying something else. “Mmhm,” Sherlock hummed without looking up, putting his card down with the c'est la vie attitude he often reserved for those who would only ever be background noise to him.
The relief was dominant for just one fleeting moment before relief was crushed beneath the weight of an immense wave of anger.
“I want to say… thank you. For.. everything. The evening, for listening, inviting me... For being a friend.”
Oh, Greg. Oh, my beautiful, lovely, deeply troubled, loving Greg. This chapter was initially much longer (4k words) BUT I am just one person. So elements had to be chopped. I just want an entire spin-off to analyze Greg's self-preservation through disassociation.
“Mmhm,” said Sherlock again, his smile remained glued on his face at the thought. “He’ll be home and I’ll be tipsy and he’ll take care of me.”
The pair of them stared at him before turning one another, the woman looking affronted and the man rushing to make himself busy.
Silence fell, loaded and dangerous and tense. Even Wiggins sat disgruntled, harbouring resentment from a particularly cruel comment from Philip that had been shot at him a few minutes earlier.
A pleasant surprise passed over John's face even as he shook his head in refusal. “I couldn't. It's your thing.”
“Don’t,” said Sherlock, his panic coloring his voice with unsteady urgency. “Listen- Just- I don’t know what the future holds. Who could ever? All I know is- in all the time from man’s first breath until God’s last warning- you and I are just one second. We are spinning past each other for this moment- this one split second. Right now, right here, you and I have only this one second together. But together, we have a million more miles to go.”
Sherlock barked with unexpected laughter, surprised to find himself in a cloud of blissful enjoyment.
Now, with the eggnog coursing through him and dulling the world’s sharpest edges, John could not stop looking at him. As he sat across from him, he relished the way the Christmas lights cast harsh shadows along the panes of skin on the handsome face. He loved the way his eyebrows had twitched together ever so slightly as his eyes scanned the book in his hand.
Sherlock snapped back around quickly, a mixture of alarm and delight on his face. It was a melange that surprised John.
Sometimes, when you try to research something, the universe rebels against you. Therefore, I gave up trying to figure out what the hell Britain's "classified unfit to serve" was during WWII and used the American rake instead. 4-F was unfit to serve and it is true that a large majority ended up committing suicide. It is, in fact, the classification Steve Rogers gets at the beginning of Captain America. I'm claiming artistic liberty, I suppose.
The air between them turned into solid ice. Surely that must be why John was rendered completely breathless at the sight before him.
Sherlock had no answer. He did not want to verbally admit that he didn’t fully understand what Lestrade was saying. Thus, he opted for silence instead.
The flat was in a right state; nearly nothing changed in the time since he’d been gone. The only notable change was the removal of any semblance of food from the place (the work of Mrs. Hudson going by the trace of hair sealed between the refrigerator door). However, the blankets remained folded in the same manner, the furniture was unmoved, and the telly was positioned in the same place. The same books were scattered, battered, and tossed over the same fixtures. The place was a disaster.
Soaring through the exit, Sherlock jerked awake and heard his bed protest under the urgency with which he left out and scrambled to the bedroom door. He found himself in the sitting room, chest heaving from a run he’d never physically taken- he blamed the rush, the excitement.
A bubble of uncontrolled, giddy laughter bubbled out of Sherlock without warning, the truest joy he’d ever felt overwhelming him wholly. This was better- smoother- than he'd ever imagined. “Right,” he managed to say through a smile that threatened to strain every muscle on his face. “Quite right.”
He was right of course. “Right. I think we’re getting along alright. How many rehearsals do we have left?” He meant it as a rhetorical question, raising his hand to double-check the days on his fingers when Wiggins spoke up rather unexpectedly.
John smiled through his puzzlement, more than content to share. Still, frustration mingled with confusion within him at the behaviour displayed by Sherlock thus far. His demeanour during practice had been standoffish, even rude when John had attempted conversation. Yet he’d accepted John’s offer to go out. Now he maintained a distant connection while offering to partake in shots. It was throwing him, this uncertainty. Furthermore, he was uncertain how to behave in return.
Sherlock, who’d been leaning halfway across the table in interest as John animatedly told a story that had them both smiling like absolute lunatics, reacted to Greg’s words first. For a reason Greg couldn’t figure, Sherlock’s eyes went wide with alarm instantly, his body jerking back in his seat away from John before whipping his head to find Greg several tables away. John reacted a bit slower, looking perplexed toward Sherlock until following his friend’s gaze and, upon seeing Greg’s laughing expression, went scarlet and leaned back in his seat as well.
“Ah, thank you,” he said with a wave of his hand, dismissing the compliment even as it brought a smile to his face. “And what do you think of the house band, Johnny?”
He saw John’s head snap up in the background, his hands rapidly releasing their grip on the bass drum to result in a sloppy, ugly reverberation and he was walking over in an instant, a tight smile on his face.
That was the official party line. He lived, breathed, and exuded the narrative: no beauty touched him, no passion rolling around in his soul, and no love penetrated him.
In way of answering, Sherlock turned his head toward him and stitched his eyebrows together to show curiosity.
John closed his eyes tight enough to spot circles and reopened them, willing with the whole of his being to stop the emotional train barreling toward tears within him. It was painful, this sight of abuse on Sherlock’s back. Scars crawling along every inch of his back with reckless abandon were causing a horror show in his head: Sherlock, tortured. Sherlock, whipped into obedience. Sherlock, alone and afraid and enduring unimaginable pain.
Mike Stamford, a stout teacher at St. Bart’s who was incessantly kind to Sherlock despite how much he deduces the man’s life, habits, and relationships, asked him how he was doing. Sherlock bit back the overwhelming desire to tell him the truth.
His defeat was heavy in his bones when he finished his drink in one fluid swig and made his way through the dense collection of bodies toward the door. His fingers fiddled with the club's bracelet around his wrist as he weighed the possibility of simply removing it now to cut away any impulse to return to this place once he exited the door.
This was the end of the line. Thaddeus Sholto hadn’t a lead on a drummer for their band of soldiers. Al agreed to host the band for their first gig in two week’s time, but it would be a moot point unless they could find a drummer who served.
He strained his ears for any audible hint that the events of today were keeping Sherlock up, but it was a silent night at 221B. He imagined he could hear the snowflakes hit his bedroom window one by one, building on top of other, more resilient snowflakes. He imagined hearing footsteps pacing in tight circles, a physical manifestation that somehow helped Sherlock process the frantic activity of his own mind. He imagined a crackling fire being built in the sitting room, a source of warmth to accompany Sherlock as he sat awake.
If ever there were a worse position to live in, Sherlock would love to have heard it. As far as he was concerned, living with a handsome soldier )with whom he shared a profound connection) and being unable to profess any sincere affection was a nightmare akin to legitimate torture.
It didn’t take long for his mind to wander, his eyes flickering to suspiciously scan the tall man beside him. His eyes were wide and alert, his head raised high as he looked for God knew what. He was tense, his body too rigid despite its grace. John knew nothing of the man and yet something seemed… wrong.
John inhaled with pleasure the scent of Sherlock. He noted with glee how Sherlock's hands were knitted together on his thigh. Although he was more than certain this was all a lovely dream, this was the happiest he'd ever been. He looked at his shushed nose against his chest, his lips slightly separated as breath went slowly in and out.
All around him, classmates picked up their pencils and set up their drawing station. They moved as he assumed his position and everybody in the class was in motion except for himself.
"I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose." -A Study in Scarlet
“Exactly!” He was so excited, he accidentally shouted the word, even bouncing on the balls of his feet with the thrill of it.
Injected in those two words was a world of understanding that stabilized the quivering world beneath him.
“Stay with me,” whispered Sherlock, placing his forehead against John’s, closing his eyes and attempting to throw every emotion he was experiencing into the three short words.
Of this John Watson, he could deduce many things. He could read his brother’s alcoholism in his phone, his military experience in his posture, and his insomnia in the dark bags lying beneath his eyes. But the most important thing that he could read on John Watson was the manner in which he regarded his words carefully, the way they seemed to be ripped from his against his will.
“Doctor Watson?” floated a voice that was unfamiliar. “Where am I?” It shook the world around him, the dazed illusion cracking into shards around him. Why was this coarse, grating voice barging through his crafted dream?
This chapter is dedicated to and inspired by SosoHolmesWatson who commented how much they loved Sherlock in fuzzy socks in a previous chapter. A small headcanon they created is the basis for this ficlet. Thank you for the inspiration! :)
John could not have possibly suppressed the bark of laughter that escaped and surprised even the bartender. Sherlock smiled, his demeanour relaxing. “Well, some say that. Others just… walk away.”
“Drug deal,” Sherlock said, standing a bit straighter and running his hands along his jacket to flick off imagined scum. “She must have been just biding time tonight until she was supposed to meet him- that’s why she was out on the town alone with no apparent purpose.”
“Exactly?” Sherlock thought hard, selecting the very few words available that could portray the sentiment he was experiencing. “I mean that I would rather die this instant than live any form of a life without you. You are- you always will be- the only thing of importance in this world. You are, and always will be, the love of my life.”
He was helpless to do anything but stare at her. His mind was weighing the probability of this being Victor’s wife- but surely she couldn’t be. He’d described her as tall with full lips, black hair, and brilliant eyes.
“Oi, back off,” he said, shoving Sherlock out of the way as though he actually were some stranger who had just spilt water all over him.
“Sholto, please,” he corrected in return, his arm extending out to shake John’s with the precision of a Royal Marine.
Sherlock was going to despise him. He would never fully understand. He could, of course, explain to Sherlock the truth. Though in doing so, Mycroft would be acting against Victor's direct request. It was, admittedly, much more difficult to disregard the wishes of a dead man that lay before him.
“It is rather good,” Philip admitted, albeit hesitantly. Sherlock looked pleasantly surprised to hear the compliment escape and John couldn’t blame him since Philip's snarky comments toward Sherlock had become more and more frequent.
Bursts of color appeared behind John’s eyelids at the connection. Sherlock’s lips moved to meet his and softened after the shortest moment, molding around his own in an infinitely intimate moment that John never wanted be free from.
In Amberley, the air is crisp, the wind is alive, and every branch of every tree sways in unison to the music of its nature. It’s a peaceful village, the people politely passing with downturned heads to provide proper privacy.
He held his glass aloft and relished in the eagerness shown by the man to join in. Together they finished their second drinks, studying one another with glee. It was far too long before John realized he was simply staring at the man.
“Stay with me,” begged Sherlock in a tone whispered below breath. A fresh burning returned to his eyes when he said the words, the sincerity of his longing filling every crevice of his existence such as he had never known before.
“Why didn’t you take me sooner?” Sherlock demands through tight teeth, furious at his delayed arrival to Samarra.
All this time terrified to embrace his attraction to men, all this time forcing himself to be with only women, ignoring his attractions. He doubted he could have held himself back from the man that shared dinner with him that night. Across from that man, John had the best date of his life.
Greg sighed with relief, his hands resuming their stance over the wooden bass as he said, “Oh, thank God” and began plucking at an accelerated rate for the same tune.
Mycroft never seemed to suffer as he did and Sherlock would never be able to fathom how he simply shrugged off the jeers. His brother was a wall of cold, analytical indifference and he’d surely scoff at his baby brother if he saw the tears that fell from his eyes every night as he made no effort to stop them.
John picked himself up off the floor and practically ran to the kitchen, tripping slightly as he went. He grabbed a bottle of pills – he didn’t even know what kind they were... he just wanted relief. He wanted silence and he wanted to be with Sherlock, even though Sherlock didn’t want to be with him. Fuck that girl. He was so angry, so angry with everything, and if he had just stayed home none of this would be happening.
He didn't want to move. He didn't want to get up, but he knew he had to hide the evidence or Claire would kill him. Not that she really had any control over him, but he didn't exactly want to hurt her, he was already doing that enough as it was. He slowly peeled himself off of the floor and grabbed the bottle, stumbling to the rubbish and throwing it away. He knew that that wasn't the best hiding place, but it was the best he could do for right now... And thank god for that because Claire just walked through the door.
John opened his mouth to say something, but then snapped it shut and shook his head. He turned around and walked to his room without a word.
“If you had read those letters you could have seen how much pain I was in...” He frowned slightly, “Isn’t that what you wanted?”
Lily smiled brightly at the two of them and held out her arms, “My beautiful boys...” She said softly and almost started crying at the sight of John, she honestly didn’t ever expect to see him again.
Claire walked a bit faster, feeling as if walking slowly, or even at regular pace, was the worst idea in the world. After about fifteen minutes of walking she finally reached his flat, she would have taken a cab, but the streets were dead and calling one would have taken longer than fifteen minutes.
He paused for a moment, searching for his words, “Mother always wanted what was best for me and though we didn’t always see eye to eye I think she eventually got what she wished for... And then we lost it, but now it’s back and, if I’m not mistaken, it’s here to stay...” He looked at John and swallowed thickly.
“Hello? John?” She frowned and looked down at the phone to see if they were still connected, she almost didn’t answer her phone because she was on shift, but she just felt like she needed to.
“Like hell I’m telling you! You are some random insane man who is claiming to be Sherlock Holmes!” John huffed.
Zack sighed and shook his head. He pretended he didn’t hear the crying in the bathroom or the way John's face was red and puffy when he came out. He didn’t mention the way John just dressed in a sweatshirt and rugby shorts or how his hair looked absolutely awful, poking up every which way. He just smiled and grabbed his keys, “Come on...” He said softly.
John started hyperventilating at that point. He squeezed his eyes closed and shook his head, trying to make the words from this Sherlock imposter stop. This wasn’t Sherlock, there was no way this could be Sherlock – and if it was he was just saying these things to try and protect him like all those years ago. “N-no!! You don’t mean that!!” He cried.
much, and maybe he could, but she knew of the hallucinations John saw when he was drunk. How they were blurry at best, rude, and always untouchable. But above all else she knew Sherlock. She knew how selfish he could be sometimes and there was no doubt in her mind that he was the cause of this. She jabbed her finger on the call button and pressed it to her ear. It rang a couple of times before it stopped and Sherlock answered.
John swallowed hard and nodded, “Okay... I promise...” He did… god, help him he did. He didn’t know how long he could keep that promise for though.
John just blinked at him again and then growled this was becoming too much, he couldn’t do it anymore, “Fuck you! I haven’t seen you in four and a half fucking years and you just push me away. You know our relationship isn’t what it used to be,
hurt you again. I’m a stupid, stupid man. I know I am. I’m selfish and rude and dismissive, but you being away… I can’t handle that. Please… Just give me one more chance to make this right. I swear to god that if I don’t and fuck it up again I’ll let you go and I’ll never contact you again, but please just give me one last chance.” By the end of that he was frantic and practically pleading and, in the end, that’s what got John. He could hear the sincerity in Sherlock’s voice, the regret of all that he had done, the heartbreak. He could do one more chance.
Sherlock wasn’t listening, he couldn’t even hear him. He never wanted to feel this way again after John had died, but now he was and he couldn’t take it. He jumped out of the bed and ran past Mycroft. He ran down the stairs and went outside to the garden. The sky was clear, only a few clouds floating about – that wasn’t fair! His mother had just died, the sky should be cloudy and crying, but instead it was sunny. It was cold though, so at least it wasn’t a perfect day. He went to the tulips and collapsed on the ground as he sobbed, he didn’t know why he ran there, but he supposed it’s because this was the first memory he really had of his mother. This was
“Oh…” His mother blinked. “Bye…? aren’t you going to eat something with your sister and I before you go?”
John's breath caught and he couldn’t seem to answer. He tried to form the words, but they all got stuck in his throat. God, Sherlock's voice was beautiful… It had deepened like John's as well, and just hearing his voice again after four and a half years…
Aiden blinked rapidly and frowned some, “I thought…” He trailed off before narrowing his eyes at him, “were you just using me to get back at that guy who came in?”
Sherlock got in evil little glint in his eye and John wondered if this man had a small dark side, “Oh no, John... I ensured it.” He hummed.
He sighed into his knees as he just tried to find some sleep, he was exhausted. He hadn’t slept in two years and now that it seemed he could finally have sleep he was thrown into a holding cell. The two other men in his cell kept giving him looks and that made him feel rather uneasy, but at the same time he could take them. And once he got out of here – if he ever got out of here – he was going to build his body back up. He was tired of being the weak feeble human who relied on other people to keep him going. There would be a day when he would have no one and if he wasn’t able to carry on, what did that tell him about his life? He needed experiences and memories that made him happy for him, not because he had someone who revolved around his world. Someone who was his world. Who was he if he was no one when that someone wasn’t around?
He blinked a bit, “Oh... I – because he’s brilliant. He’s also misunderstood... many people don’t know him like I do. Though, I don't even think I know him anymore.” He sniffled slightly.
“Ok, well I’ll just do a little recap. Umm, my father kicked you out, he’s gone now though. My mother left him so you don’t need to worry about that. Then you left… You told Mycroft you went somewhere. I deduced the school because you said something about a brick building and then that whole thing with Lestrade. So then I think Lestrade may have taken you to a diner where he then drugged you with Rohypnol in order to take you back to his place where he could then rape you. However! You came here first and I was able to stop you… I realised something was wrong so I made you stay… After a really weird story about bunnies and grass we found out that the person that drugged you was Lestrade so I went over there and almost got raped myself, but the police turned up just in the nick of time! Now go take a shower.” He hummed.
John pressed his face against her neck and shook his head, “It still wasn’t right of me to be so cruel to you... I really do appreciate all you’re doing for me.” He whispered quietly.
He was making tea when Sherlock came back from wherever the hell he went these days, he hardly communicated with him anymore. “Sherlock.... Can we talk..?” He set the tea down and walked over to him.
OH MY GOSHHHHHHH JOHN NOOOOOOOO!!!!! John is in so much pain... it hurts me ughhhhh i guess we will have to see what happens next.... hahhah i know (; losers. also i am so sick of capitalising my words in the notes so ha ha ha fuccccccckkkkkk it
John rolled his eyes, “Okay firstly you’re an idiot... are you sure you’re related to him? Secondly, I’m an assassin. There is a difference between just killing people because I feel like it and killing people because someone hired you, though I suppose normal people don’t see it like that.” He sighed and shook his head, “And thirdly, I’m going to immobilise you and then you’ll be taken back to my mansion and locked away.” He hummed.
John blinked. “No, Sherlock. Don’t lie to me! Normally, I might believe it, but don’t sit and tell me that you almost got raped, but ‘Oh!! Don’t worry, John! Because everything is just peachy!’” He growled, snapping a bit. He wasn’t mad at Sherlock, of course he wasn’t, but he hated the fact that Sherlock was brushing it off like it wasn’t a big deal. Because really it was.
Claire nodded slightly and then slowly climbed off of him, "I'll be back tonight, John... Take care." And with that she left, she knew she probably shouldn’t have left him, but staying would just aggravate him more.
John decided to take a trip up to Scotland, he had never been before, but he had always wanted to go. It seemed like a good thing to do to get away and get his mind off of things. He supposed he really should be thinking about things, but then again there really was only one issue and it was out of his control. It was up to Sherlock whether he wanted to open up or not, but if he chose to not… John knew he couldn’t possibly continue on with this relationship, he had to let go no matter how much it hurt him to do so.
to know. John ended up with a small amount on his finger and then carefully stuck out his tongue to taste the substance that was on his finger. Really, how stupid was he? This was Sherlock they were talking about, the man of chemical experiments and here John was just... eating some unknown solid... He was going to die one of these days, and his own stupidity would be the cause.
care. You wish you could take it back.. which is why we’re settling for the outcome I thought would happen.”
be like his father. “We had unprotected sex, Sherlock! You told me you were clean. Do you even know for sure? Do you get tested every fucking day? Because if the answer is no then you don’t know if you’re clean or not. How fucking
Sherlock took a breath and looked at him, “John… we both know this isn’t about the chair…” He said quietly. “I don’t understand why you can’t just trust me on the matter.”
Sherlock smirked, “Perhaps you are using the word ‘rainbow’ to describe me because you are in fact gay, you do in fact have a crush on me, and you just feel like ‘rainbow’ is the least offensive word you could possibly use.” He snickered and then before he knew it his face was being shoved into the grass and he was getting kicked in the side. Every kick felt completely painful, but John was watching so he would not scream… Even though he was 79% sure he was failing.
The cab pulled up to his destination and John paid him and climbed out. He took a breath as he stared at his old house, he hadn’t been here in years, but it looked the same as he remembered. He honestly didn’t even know if his mother lived here anymore, he had tried to reach out to her several times, but she never replied. He supposed it made sense, he abandoned her and he never really looked back.
Sherlock smirked. “Because that’s,” he adjusted his head and kissed John's shoulder on impulse, he wasn’t quite sure why he did, but it felt right, “my favourite flower.” He hummed happily, “My mother used to tell me when I was a little boy that there were fairies that lived in the tulips. They would come out at night and play.” Sherlock shrugged a little. “I like to believe it’s true. They would prepare the rest of the flowers and make them presentable for the next day so that they always looked their best for the daytime. And then once the first sign of light came up from the horizon they would hide in the trees and sleep.”
Claire ran to her phone and dialled the number she had memorised that night she had ran into Sherlock outside of the pub, keeping it in her phone – even under an alias – was too risky. Tears streamed down her face and she tried to control herself, but when Sherlock answered on the fourth ring she lost all control of staying calm.
Sherlock stood up as well so that he could be taller than John, he didn’t like the fact John was looming over him. “I don’t need to do anything.” He growled out. “I don’t need to prove myself to you just because you’re feeling paranoid.”
“Doubtful.” He grumbled and Sherlock wasn’t sure which part he was saying doubtful to, but he knew it was a weak reply. However, John already did love it and seeing Sherlock so happy after what had just happened made his heart swell.
John walked inside and looked up at Mycroft, waiting for him to do something. He said the kettle just boiled, but he was just standing there… John didn’t feel like tea anyway though so he didn’t care, he just felt nervous about everything and he didn’t know why. Perhaps, it was because this was going to change everything – or that’s what he really fucking hoped. If this didn’t change anything, that was it. They would both have to part ways because this was their last chance.
“Sherlock, enough! Whining isn’t going to get us anywhere! Let’s just give John what he wants and then he’ll talk. Also go to my room and get the drug test kit that’s in my bottom drawer… I want to know what he’s been taking, so I can decide if we need to take more extreme measures…” He whispered so that John couldn’t hear and then smiled back at John and whispered softly, “Now, why don’t you tell me the story of yesterday...?” Sherlock glared at Mycroft and then left the room to do as his older brother had asked of him.
Mycroft was trying his best not to laugh and Sherlock was shaking his head, leave it to Sherlock to find the most ridiculous seventeen-year-old on the planet, “Maybe if you are a good little boy we can go to Primark after.”
“Thirty-seven cats!!” Sherlock flailed as much as he could… which actually wasn’t much at all. “John, that is a tad much don’t you think?”
“I did tell you I was coming back!” he screamed, “You didn’t reply to me! You only ever hear what you want to hear, Sherlock. You’re a selective listener and only care about yourself. I told you that while I was gone you really needed to think about what was more important to you. Keeping this relationship, or keeping your secrets. I see you chose the latter.” He clenched his jaw, his hands balling up into fists at the side of him. “How long, Sherlock?”
John completely froze and just stared at him for a long time, his mouth opening and closing like a fish until he finally found his words, “You told me forever ago that you never wanted to get married – to anyone.” He swallowed slightly.
John sighs as he leans up against the wall, “Right. Well, I came here to ask you something.” He says softly.
And John lost it, he ran forward and grabbed Sherlock by the front of his shirt, pulling him close so that their noses were practically touching, “How. Long.” He bit out. His voice was eerily calm, but the tone sounded extremely dangerous.
John bit his lip and even though he was completely smashed, he did feel a bit bad. “Okay… okay... Go away duck!” He hummed and just watched Sherlock, who had his eyes closed. He waited a moment and then smiled as he started to pick up the blanket off the floor. “It’s gone, love. Now, come here.” He said softly.
Sherlock swallowed hard and helped him up, the anger slowly leaving his body. His mum did have a way of doing that, not to mention if he was the sick one he still would have come. John hadn’t seen here in five years after all… “Alright, we can go...” He looked at his mother and smiled sadly, he hated to leave, but it was clear John was in no state to make it back on his own. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” He whispered.
The touch of cool fingers washed over John. It was meant as an act of comfort, to reassure him everything was going to be alright, but instead it just brought pain and sadness. No matter how hard he wanted he couldn’t fix this… No one could. This was the end for Sherlock and it hurt John to know that he was partly to blame. Though, it was probably the end for him too so at least he didn’t have to live with the guilt. Slowly, he closed his eyes as he held Sherlock's hand tightly. He couldn’t watch… he couldn’t watch his best friend die. If he did the image would haunt him for a lifetime, of that he was sure. He flinched and squeezed Sherlock's hand as hard as he could as soon as he heard the sound of a gun being fired.
“No!! Sherlock! Open the door! I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! I just want to tell you and John that! Please!”
Thankfully, it did because John just nodded and walked up to him. He gently took his hand and didn’t say anything, which Sherlock was grateful for.
Mycroft took a sharp breath. “Sherlock it is for your own good. Father knows best and if he says that John is no good then I will believe him…”
“Oh, please.” He smiled brightly as his hand slid into John's, “Call me Sherlock and its rather night than afternoon, isn’t it?” he hummed and smirked as he pulled away and went to go knock on the door.
Sherlock closed his eyes and told John he was sorry in his head over and over again, but John would never hear that. He slowly stepped up onto the ledge and then his eyes snapped open and he stepped back down. He ran to Moriarty who glared at him.
"Bit surprised you picked this place," Sherlock called out as he walked closer inside. "The pool where poor little Carl died is a bit much, don't you think? A bit tacky... Though, I’m not much of one to feel bad for people. However, he didn't have to die. John wouldn't be please at the fact that I don’t care if died or not, but then again he isn't here..." He sighed and looked around.
Sherlock’s entire face paled and he stood up as quickly as he could, that was all John needed to know that he wasn’t exaggerating, “John please... I can explain that if you just listen to–“
Lily rolled her eyes, “He always was so dramatic at board games. You should see him and Mycroft play operation.” She snickered and Sherlock choked.
John swallowed and walked over to him with tea. He sat down on the coffee table in front of Sherlock and sighed, “Here...”
He sat down and immediately got to work, Mycroft tried to stop him, but John was having none of it. He wasn’t going to listen! He needed to do this and he
John groaned, “Sherlock, I was joking! That’s weird! I am not going to wear your bloody hair around my neck.”
“Oh my god! You’re so pathetic! My life doesn’t revolve around you and it never had... I’m a sociopath, John... Everything I said to you, everything I did was a strategic move on my part. All for the experiment! Mind you I’ll never be doing an experiment like this again...” He gave a pained look at the thought of having to do an experiment like this again, but quickly regained himself. “However, I needed to know, and when you sat down next to me in class that first day, all because of a
Sherlock whined and then looked down, “John, please... I need to get my mind off my mother... Just – please...” He said quietly.
John looked down and swallowed hard. “Oh...” He whispered and closed his eyes for a second before he stood up and went to the bathroom without saying a word.
John felt his stomach clench at the disgust of all this, he screamed, and then pointed the gun at him again, “You’re sick! He’s your son!”
and almost hurting Sherlock were one thing, but to now lay there and degrade women? That was unacceptable. Well, to be fair it all was unacceptable and all of it crossed a line, but John could only take so much at one point in time.
That is all Sherlock cared about... His happiness didn’t matter one bit to him because he was happy if John was safe and right now John was in danger and Sherlock was definitely not happy!
“Anderson.” Sherlock said calmly. “I’m going to be nice because you look like an idiot. I don’t even know what
Sadly, John didn’t come, he tried... he really did, but he was so sick he couldn’t move without feeling like he was going to throw up or pass out – perhaps both... he felt so useless and he just hoped that Sherlock would get out of whatever mess he had gotten himself into. He was a grown man; he could handle things. Albeit John also didn’t think it was that serious – whether that was because he was sick and didn’t really care, or because Sherlock did have the tendency to be exaggerate at times he didn’t know... and as horrible as both of those two facts were, he just couldn’t be arsed to get up. For all he knew this was just a terrible fever dream. If he did know what was taking place in the living room, the severity of it all, he would have tried so much harder.
“GO!!!” Sherlock screamed and pushed John. The look in Sherlock's eyes was painful to look at and he found himself listening to Sherlock, despite the fact that he was shaking with anger so he just nodded and ran out of the house.
!” He honestly didn’t think he would ever hear those words again. Never in his life. He would do anything for John, anything at all.
Brian was staring at Sherlock in complete shock before he finally snapped out of it and shoved Sherlock harder against the tree, “I am not a rainbow like you!!”
He sometimes left clues here or there, but even then Sherlock could never solve it. He felt a sense of pride in the matter because everyone considered Sherlock the most brilliant mind of this generation, but nothing he did could ever solve one of John's killings.
Sherlock sat on the couch while people talked to him. He should reply, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying and they kept
Aiden walked out of the flat, slamming the door behind him. Sherlock let out a breath of relief, that was one thing taken care of… Now to focus on the other issue at hand.
“Right. Sorry this is all my fault of course,” He rolled his eyes and then sighed, “Listen. We were mailed an envelope addressed to you, would you mind coming down and checking it out?”
“Sherlock!!!” A voice called happily from behind the curtain, “Oh my god!! Love! It’s been ages!!!” The strange woman pushed aside the curtain and gathered Sherlock up in her arms. She placed loving kisses all over Sherlock's face before finally pulling away and smiling.
John threw a pillow at his back and headed downstairs. He wasn’t angry, he was just hungry, and he figured it wouldn’t hurt to give Sherlock some privacy… well, and also because if John was in the room he wouldn’t be able to stop staring. He fixed himself some breakfast and sat down to eat his oatmeal. He felt like it was bland and he never really was one to like the taste of oatmeal, but really that was all they had at the Holmes residence because apparently some people didn’t like much flavour. John glared at the ridiculous thought.
“Who was here?” She asked softly, trying to figure out what he was talking about, but also soothe him at the same time.
“Are you fucking serious? I think you may have picked possibly the worst time in the history of times to pick!”
Tears streamed down John’s face as he yanked off the cap, he didn’t even realise he was crying until a drop of water landed on one of the pills, slowly making it dissolve. He sniffled and dumped the whole bottle into his hand and just… stared at it. He couldn’t even tell you how long he stared at it, but he just needed a minute. This was his last moment on earth and he wanted to remember it. Though, he wanted to remember it being a happy one and it was the furthest he could get from happy.
Claire sighed. "I'm going to start living with you. And don't give me that face.” She said firmly as John's stare turned into a glare. “You don't have any say in the matter because you fucked up." She growled out slightly. “I gave you two chances to live on your own. The bathtub, and now this, and frankly I’m not waiting ‘round to find out if the third time really is the charm.” She whispered quietly, lifting his hand up and pressing it to her lips.
The rest of the funeral passed and once it was over John watched as they lowered the casket into the ground. He was angry that he didn't even get to see him... They usually let families see the body even if it's a closed casket funeral, but John didn't get to. He supposed it was because he wasn't family, but Mycroft didn't get to either so it didn’t really make sense. It didn't matter though... He couldn't bear looking at that face again without breaking and he had been so good not to break yet, a couple of tear drops did not count as breaking. And though his heart was completely broken, he himself had yet to crack. He honestly hated that in a way, but he didn’t want to give the bloody git satisfaction of seeing John break… so, he simply didn’t.
Sherlock didn’t ever move much faster and halfway through he realised John was crying. He swallowed and slowly kissed away his tears, this was emotional for the both of them and he wanted John to know that he would be here for him always, no matter how far apart they were from each other. No matter if they broke up or not, Sherlock would always be there. In the course of nine months they had made love many times, but it never felt like this. This was monumental, a moment neither of them would forget.
“Sorry... I’ll stop...” He swallowed and started to take his hand out of Sherlock's hair, perhaps it was a bit excessive and if Sherlock was bringing it up he probably was uncomfortable by it.
He finally got her to her bedroom and tucked her in, giving her lots of extra pillows to make sure she was extremely comfortable, “I’ll stay with you.” He hummed and started climbing into the bed with her.
“Oh... actually yes.” He surprised himself again at the fact that he actually admitted to it. He should just get used to the fact that John was going to keep surprising him, it certainly didn’t make life boring. “Caring isn’t an advantage.”
“You know if you start calling me by my real name on a regular basis people might talk.” He smirked a bit.
Zack glared at him. “No. He isn’t and he’s not at Brian’s either so leave. I don’t want to see you, freak! You hurt him. Bad.”
“I know. I just wanted to give you a hard time before I said ‘yes’ to your little idea!” He smiled brightly.
John frowned a bit, "I don't remember you buying a new pocket knife..." He looked at Sherlock and waited for him to reply, but when he didn't John sighed and continued on, "Sherlock... I know this is hard for you – it’s hard for me too and I wasn’t as close to her as you were... Your mother meant everything to you and I get that, but you can't get through this if you don't let me in... Let me soften the pain... Let me help you." He whispered.
Proceeding with caution he pushed inside, aiming his gun in front of him... just waiting to pull the trigger, but before he got the chance to even register things he heard a low, dark laugh coming from the corner of the room. He cursed under his breath and flicked on the lights, lowering his gun slightly. So he was being expected, but it still didn’t quite feel like a trap.
She just had a terrible feeling ever since she got off work and no matter what she did she couldn’t shake it. She knew it was honestly such a stupid thing, John was most likely fine – hating himself for sleeping with a woman, but fine nonetheless.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Doubtful it will be snow, John. It’s probably rain – if anything slush... it’s not cold enough to stick to the ground.”
Anyway, I recently read this fic that fucked me upppp and it made me get back into writing. I'm going to finish it before the end of the year I promise you that! It only has one more chapter and then an epilogue!
He jerked her body, trying to get any sign of life out of her that he could, and choked on a sob, “Mother!! Wake up! This isn’t funny!!” He cried and buried her face in her chest, but it was so cold... It wasn’t her at all.
Blake flinched a bit and swallowed, “I take you seriously... always...” This talk was getting a little bit boring. He had this talk at least once a day! It wasn’t always with Blake, but he did talk about his ‘reputation’ with at least one staff members a day.
Under normal circumstances, Sherlock would’ve been relieved to have made it back to the castle and find that nothing had taken place in his absence, yet this time that meant that only worse was to come.
Sherlock attempted to make a run for it, releasing his grip on John’s shoulders and retreating back into the shrubbery only to realize his fatal mistake.
With that, he packed up his things and left. Quidditch had given him much more to think about than he had bargained for, not that he was complaining. He loved a puzzle and he decided that this one was certainly not going to disappoint.
“If you hate him so much, why don’t you just leave him alone? Isn’t it cruel to torture the unfortunates of life? I wouldn’t know but I’m assuming you would.”
With that, Sherlock left John Watson gaping outside the Gryffindor Common Room with a smear of chocolate over his chin.
As soon as both parties were out of sight, the hall erupted into noise, students hysterically conversing with one and other to solidify the image of what their eyes had just witnessed.
It didn’t take Watson more than two minutes to reach him after that. He had seemingly chosen to forgo his robes in favour of a much more
Sherlock had never been happier to follow instructions. As soon as he cast his gaze upwards, he was met with the
“Everyone knows Gryffindor has the best team in the school, I’m not deluded. I figured that if I wanted to learn I may as well go to the top.”
“What. The. Fuck.” She growled, an animalistic whine in the back of her throat, “What did you just say about my brother?”
“Oh, god,” she groaned with malice, head snapping up to bring blue eyes that perfectly mimicked those of her brothers to meet his own, “Don’t tell me your part of his little fan club.”
The entire hall was focussed on her as she stormed her way around the tables, hundreds of heads following her every move- even the teachers were frozen at an entrance of such malice. The only pair of eyes that remained dead set on their plate were those of the boy in question, his expression stony and unchanging as Harry’s footsteps echoed closer and closer. A few other Gryffindors’ dared to give John and vague elbow, snapping in his direction to try and garner some kind of reaction out of his, equal worry lacing their features.
, Sherlock thought as he tore himself from his bench, quickly following in the direction in which John had been pulled, ignoring the shouts of Mike and Gabriel behind him.
“John…John, he’s not out?” His body was betraying him at an all too rapid rate and his voice began to drip into wavered tones. He rarely made miscalculations but when he did- they were fatal.
Team and house alike were holding John Watson on their shoulders, screaming in deafeningly loud chants. It was as if the whole stadium was alive and the boy sat above their heads was some shoddy makeshift heart. When he peered through his binoculars, Sherlock was almost alarmed to see the flames that licked behind John’s eyes. There was happiness, yes- but there was also an unrivaled sense of ferocity that bordered on animalistic, it was chilling, even for someone like himself. He seemed hot to the touch; there was a smile on his face that only made his blackened pupils scream louder. He looked practically insatiable, a fanatical beast. It was the first time that Sherlock had ever associated a certain word with this particular specimen-
“John, I have to warn you about your sister-“ Sherlock found himself interrupted by a short bark of a laugh, explosive in the tense silence that had formed between them.
“NO, IT’S NOT!” The shout echoed around the entire library, sure to bring the hindrance of Madam Pince in easily less than 40 seconds, “It’s not okay, Sherlock,” his words began to slur, “How could you? How could you do this to me? After all I helped you with and you-“
“Mister Watson, I have been a teacher for longer than you have been alive and I have seen pretty much every selection of problems one can offer. I suppose I cannot understand, no, but I can try my darndest to support any student going through troubles, can I not?” She placed what Sherlock assumed would be a comforting hand on his shoulder as the boy he knew to be so strong offered nothing but a mere nod in response. “I am going to be having a conversation with some other professors to see where we need to move forward, okay? And please, Watson, if you have any problems come and talk to me. Good day now.” And with that she was gone and John was alone in the corridor.
There were no words that he could use to respond to that. Sherlock had studied and learned and calculated for every year of his life, it was all he had ever done and yet nothing he had ever read could prepare him for the blow that the question delivered to his stomach.
“No. I wouldn’t change things because before this you were hiding, afraid of who you are and allowing your, quite frankly, bitch of a sister to dictate your life. You deserve better than that, John Watson,” He felt the emotion begin to climb up his throat, “So I’m sorry that you didn’t get to come out the way you wanted to or if you wanted to at all but I don’t regret what I said or what happened. I meant what I told you in the library, it's
“An accident,” he scoffed, an almost deranged smile pulling at his lips, “What kind of fucking accident- Oh Merlin, she’s going to tell mum and mum’s going to tell dad and-“
He was frozen. There was nothing he could do the stop the hastily expanding murkiness in his stomach, his eyes were locked onto the grass in front of him. He’d made a miscalculation and of course, it was going to cost him everything.
He would be a liar to say that he wasn’t feeding off of the thrum of adrenaline pulsing through every capillary, forcing its way to his fingertips and seeming to radiate within the air around him. Explosive, that was how he felt, like a bomb ready to go off in the best way possible. It was all so twisted, the way he was thriving off of this, but
“I’m afraid we're probably done for now, John’ll be a foul mood for the rest of the day,” Gareth sighed pitifully, “Transfiguration is looking
“You weren’t joking,” he had an infuriating smirk on his face; “I was half expecting to get here and be alone.”
“Play what?” Watson scrubbed a hand over his face in an obvious attempt to remove the sleep from his eyes and then tugged it back through blond tufts in a relaxed manner that made frustration bubble in Sherlock’s chest.
Watson barely said a word when they reached the pitch, only fumbling with the supply closet and pulling out his own broom, a second-hand Nimbus 1700 given to him by his teammate
“Yeah, alright John, we going for manoeuvre one or?” Garrett’s voice rang out, stagnant breath mingling with the freezing midwinter air. It had long since become too bleak and cold to be practicing under the cover of darkness so they’d recently switched their practice time to early morning; a decision Sherlock was currently rueing. Oh, how he wished he could be like John who so often elected to catnap in the locker room in the spare 45 minutes during breakfast. This, however, did often lead to him being late for his first-period lesson.
“Yes, Greg, I’m sure. Now,” he smacked his gloved hands together, a very authoritative action that Sherlock gauged he probably used to garner the attention of his teammates- what a shame it was that Sherlock didn’t conform to that masses. “This time around we’re going to try mixing things up a little bit to see if we can make it any…fuck.”
“Don’t you think people will think it’s a bit odd,” Watson chewed on his lip, forcing Sherlock to push out a fair few unwanted thoughts out of his head, “A Gryffindor teaching a Ravenclaw how to play Quidditch?”
“I’m sorry, John,” it sounded meager and pathetic as soon as it reached his own ears and Sherlock wished for the words to appear in his mouth, longed for his brain to form the words to make this okay, “It was an accident.”
“It’s settled then,” Sherlock finished, overall, pleased with the result regardless of how agonizing it was to extract it.
“Ah,” John fake gasped with an all-too-amused grin, “Sibling Rivalry, I see. Would I know who he is?”
The silence that followed was agony. Sherlock usually thrived on studying people; he would normally consider every twitch of the lip and blink of the eye with rabid enthusiasm- but he couldn’t feel anything but shame as he watched John’s features change from one to another, morph from confusion, to panic, to guilt, to anger all in a matter of seconds. He could practically hear the boy’s teeth grating against each other, and he could feel the faint brush of John’s hand spasming at his side.
Across the hall, he had kept his eyes locked onto John as he pushed his food around meaninglessly, neglecting to actually eat any. Every so often, he would bring his sight upwards to scan for any sign of the other Watson who had been yet to arrive at dinner. Nerves were prickling at the end of his fingertips and he wasn’t sure what emotion was bursting inside his chest, but he couldn’t recall ever having felt so strongly about anything. It was awful.
The whole school was in a state of permanent hustle and bustle on the day of the Gryffindor versus Hufflepuff match, classes were ending early and players were cheered on as they left their morning classes in order to prepare for the afternoon take off. In years previous, Sherlock would have rolled his eyes at such antics and carried on working through the jostle on his daily life, yet, with the new addition of John Watson he couldn’t help the slightest taste of excitement on his tongue. For the first time, he had been formally invited to a game and damn him if he wasn’t going to go.
It wasn’t until they reach the lake and they paused to watch the Giant Squid blow bubbles, all of them staggering to the surface, that she finally opened her mouth to drawl out deadened words,
- and that…well, fuck it. I am who I am and I’ve known it for a long time. I can't promise that all of, whatever internalized stuff I've got going on in my head will go away immediately, but, I want to change,” he finally stopped to inhale deeply, “So thank you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“You’re that twerp Mycroft’s little brother, aren’t you? He was meant to be in this year but he graduated early, self-obsessed maniac. But he was Slytherin, that’s for sure. Merlin, if you’re anything like him you can fuck off right now,” Each syllable that left her lips was laced with daggers of ice, she had perfected the art of ‘threatening’.
. If it was hard for Sherlock to come to grips with the idea of privacy beforehand, then he was screwed now. He was dancing the fine line between a thirst for dirt on his peers and actually caring. Mycroft would be positively ashamed.
It was silent for a few minutes after that, save the few groans he heard as John attempted to secretly bend himself closer to the gap in the stones. Every second that passed made it harder for Sherlock to pull the oxygen into his lungs, his entire chest had seized up with tension and his ribcage felt as though it was piercing into his spine.
He watched with rigorous intent as Watson brushed his hair back against his skull, glowing in the late summer sun,
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that. You obviously don’t excel in the deductions department, best not apply for a job at the Ministry,” he said, pulling the cigarette from his lips and stomping it beneath his boot, “He’s got remarkably low self-esteem for somebody as talented as he is, and even so he’s not perfect. Not even if your parents book. No, I’m afraid he too can hit the Firewhiskey after a particularly long day, not as bad as you of course, but still. Parents wouldn’t approve of that, now would they? And of course, there’s the sexuality, surely you have to have bonded over that at some point- I mean I know they’re not exactly the same, bisexual and a lesbian but-“
“I don’t give a fuck who knows, Holmes. Only that I didn’t. If he let me suffer for…for years-“ Harry pulled away from him in a split second as though he was burning into her fingernails, disgust radiating off of her every feature, “I’m going to make him fucking pay.”
“Best do. Sherlock, are you alright?” There was a tender edge to the blond’s voice that made him want to put up walls as thick as a bank vault, slam the door shut and lock John Watson out for good. Since when had they become so buddy-buddy? Instead of dignifying him with an answer, he decided to just fly up to his starting position, being sure to catch his
Harry was jealous, that was clear as day, completely and utterly resentful of the champion younger brother. She wished for nothing more to be accepted by their parents,
I wanted to talk to you about your relationship,” he quirked a brow, “If you’ve ever heard of me, you should know-“
In the time that he had spent deducing, the siblings' quarrel beneath them had only elevated. Upon drawing himself back to consciousness, he did not fail to miss the way Harry’s hand swatted at the back of her brothers head with no playful intention, and the way that he dodged slightly out of reflex as blow still lashed his scalp.
. Oh, if Mummy could see him now. When the game began, Sherlock was immediately glued to his binoculars, tracing every turn that John made- it wasn’t easy between the speed and the overwhelming amount of red and gold on the pitch, but he’d studied those tufts of blond long enough to find them amongst the rabble.
“I am teaching you how to play Quidditch. There’s more to it than just stepping on a broom and taking off,” he halted as he pulled an adorably (
“Oh, yeah, okay,” John began to fumbled his way from his seat, ignoring the disgustingly delighted teases of his peers behind him, “What’s-“ Before the other boy could finish his sentence, Sherlock grasped his shoulders with all the strength he could muster and began to drag them towards the Restricted Section, doing his best to cancel out John’s confused shouts and the stretch of muscle he could feel beneath the other boys uniform.
“Who knew the infamous Sherlock Holmes would be such a baby?” Watson dropped himself onto the grass beside him, “Anyway, I never did get around to asking you- why did you want me to teach you how to play?”
As much as Sherlock found he was unsatisfied by that answer, albeit a little bit endeared, he collapsed his legs in front of his counterpart and made some kind of vague gesture for the lesson to begin. The smile that he was met with threw him off guard, a warm grin full of teeth and not even the slightest hint of mocking that most people met him with. John Watson had already shown himself to have more merit than the masses that wandered around Hogwarts- he was genuine and passionate. Good qualities for a teacher, Sherlock decided.
. When he was flying without the weight of tactics and battle plans, Watson seemed to soar, lacking any of the precision needed to play the sport, but even Sherlock could appreciate the beauty of the motion. One could barely make him out from in the sky, arcing and swathing between the clouds, diving down towards to ground with such ferocity that it made a lump grow in one's throat only to zoom straight back up towards the atmosphere at the very last second. He was an adrenaline junkie to say the least.
The most unsettling thing for Sherlock was that, for all he was worth, he couldn’t quite understand why he was putting himself on the line for John Watson. Sure, the boy had offered him kindness and support which was a rarity in the life of either Holmes brother during their collective time at Hogwarts, but it was more than that. He’d come to treasure his time with Watson.
“JOHN WATSON!” She bellowed, pushing her way through the large oak doors, “You’re in for it, you little shit!”
It was during that moment that Sherlock allowed their surroundings to finally slip into his conscious, the way they stood only centimeters apart, forced together by the shelves of books in every direction. The way that John was leaning forward in an attempt to keep their voices as quiet as possible. The way that John’s eyes were constantly flitting upwards to meet with his own, apprehension blown wide with the unspoken thrill of being somewhere that they weren’t supposed to be, talking about something that they weren’t supposed to. It was only in the murky light that he truly studied John Watson for all that he was- he quickly decided that he didn’t like the way it made him feel.
“If you think I give a toss about what Harriet Watson thinks of me then you can't deduce as well as you think you can-“
