When they left the kitchen, Tony glanced over at Rhodey with a frown. “What’s his problem?”
“God—I’ve impressed Tony Stark. I can die happy now,” Scott said.
“What?” Steve asked, looking over at Tony quizzically.
Were the only trains of thought racing in Steve’s mind, but a sudden spark of inspiration—a way to turn the tables on Tony—came to mind.
Granted, he had woken up in Steve’s arms, warm in his blankets with the sunlight softly spilling in from the window across from his bed.
When she finished, Steve was quiet, clenching his fists in his lap and staring blankly at the table. Nat felt guilty for having shared such detailed information with him—knowing what she knew it felt irresponsible. But Steve deserved to have the full truth, especially if he were ever going to act on his feelings for Tony. He had not explicitly shared the extent of his feelings for the other man, but there was a slight silent understanding between the two of them. Though Steve kept it to himself, he was also acutely aware that Nat was trained to perceive things that went over most people’s heads. On some level—he knew she knew.
“Bucky, Nat, and I will take care of the bots on the ground. We need you and Carol to deal with Avengers Tower. But you have to be cautious. We don’t know what the situation is like since Stane wiped out Friday’s system inside.”
“Where’s Steve?” he asked, frantic, the image of Steve sobbing and covered in blood coming back.
Ty ordered him another.
The sentiment had Peter glowing—an uncontrollably large smile spread across his face. “Uh—thanks Tony. Thank you. That really means a lot, you know? You—you mean a lot to me.”
“Tony, I’ve seen how he looks at you when you aren’t looking. I really think so.”
I love you.
“Tony,” Rhodey chimed in this time. He stood and grabbed his friend gently, one hand on his shoulder and the other on his elbow. “Tony, that’s in the past.”
After Tony's outburst at Bucky and Steve, he decides the best plan is to hide away from everyone. But the isolation wears him down and when an old friend texts that he is in town, Tony eagerly accepts the invitation to meet up.
A shaky hand cupped the back of his neck and he lets out a tiny whine of protest as Steve pulls away. But Steve keeps his face close, resting his forehead against Tony’s, panting desperately for oxygen. His baby blue eyes are alive with arousal and looking down at Tony through his exquisite eyelashes. Seriously—did Captain America wear mascara?
“Well, Spaceface, with you at the helm of helping it get started, I don’t doubt that it is going to be a massive success,” Tony said, throwing an arm around Carol’s shoulders and grinning at her. She rolled her eyes, pretending that he was some sort of annoying burden, but her love for him was clear.
Tony stayed silent, focusing on shoveling the delicious food into his mouth, and afraid of what he might say otherwise. The tone of Steve’s voice alone ignited that desire in him all over. He had to keep his mouth preoccupied or else it might say—or do—something he would regret. The idea of making a move on Steve—seeing the horror on his face—and having to hear about how it ‘wasn’t like that’ or something worse—that was not a risk Tony was willing to take. He was too fragile to have his heart shattered into a million pieces right now.
This was the point where Tony’s memory would later fail to recall what happened next.
Pepper and Morgan in danger.
Tony chewed his bottom lip, now avoiding eye contact with her.
“Seriously—“
Encouraged by Steve’s reaction, Tony continued to stroke them together. It was not long before both of their hips were rutting against Tony’s hands—the air filled with their panting and moans. The feeling of Tony’s hand on him was electricity—every fiber of his being was being brought to life.
“Thank you, Pep,” he finally choked out, pretending his voice was not raspy. He kissed her hands and rested his forehead on them for a moment. “You don’t know how badly I needed to hear that.”
He paused, working himself up to saying something out loud that he had denied for far too long. Natasha squeezed his hand, trying to transfer all the love and support she could manage through her touch.
And Tony had to hide here, in the secret workshop, because Friday was a frequent traitor and often let Steve into his normal workshop even when he told his A.I. not to let anyone in. He did not remember programming her to be so conniving. Why did he always end up with A.I. that didn’t listen and acted so much like him? Something about subconsciously programming them so he could have arguments with himself—maybe.
Relieved that maybe he would not have to spend every other evening arguing with Pepper—having to decide between his spouse and the work he loves so dearly.
Thank you all for reading! I promise this is angst with a happy ending. It is not going to be an easy ride, but the rewards are worth it, I swear. :) Please comment and share, it means the world to me!
Bucky and Nat started to put all the food on the table—this was how they ate every Sunday night, family style, with the dishes passed around for everyone to scoop their desired portions onto their own plates. It reminded Steve of the one Thanksgiving his mom had saved up enough money for them to have a proper dinner. That was one of the reasons Sunday nights were his favorite—he never missed a single Avengers Family Dinner—it was something he never had growing up. Bucky, who was sitting next to him, caught his eye and smiled—as if he knew. He probably did. Steve almost never had to explain anything to Bucky out loud. That was one major benefit to having a friend who came from the same era he did—the realities of a harsh life back then were shared and something they both remembered in their bones.
When their drinks arrived Tony downed his in an act of desperation. The taste of it on his tongue felt familiar and right, despite his two months of sobriety, he suddenly could not imagine a moment longer without it. Its spicy warmth trailed from the tip of his tongue to the bottom of his belly—it was comforting. It was liquid safety. The buzz reverberated throughout his veins. God, this felt good.
He was going to ask Tony out.
“Will you open it already?” Nat said, snapping him out of his daydreams.
“Yes, I can see that,” Steve mused. “And I can venture to guess that you have not moved from this spot all day and therefore, you need to eat.”
But Tony didn’t miss a beat.
Steve grabbed the empty scotch glass and put it in the sink. He went over to the counter and grabbed some paper towel.
When Tony just stared, he panicked, continuing on, “I won’t bother you, I just thought it might be nice. Y-you know, we said we would start spending more time together, like we used to, so I thought—“
Steve reared back. He pulled his hand away from her and jumped to his feet as if she were a snake that just bit him. The amused twinkle in her eyes let him know he had not offended her—thankfully.
“Which I always was,” Bucky replied, raising his eyebrows.
“Steve, I’m sorry. God—from the bottom of my heart am I sorry for the way I reacted when I found out you knew about Bucky and my parents. I should have seen what a difficult situation that was for you. Instead, I let the rug be pulled out from under my feet. And I played right into what Zemo wanted. And for yesterday—using that against you again—I’m sorry.”
“No thanks, no intergalactic work for me for a bit,” he laughed. “Last time I was out there I got stabbed and I’d rather not do that for a while.”
At first, it was slow—and a bit painful—but he adjusted quickly. Steve was gentle and acutely tuned in to Tony’s needs. “You’re beautiful,” he whispered, before starting to move his hips in rhythm with Tony.
“Tony, are you going to be okay?” Steve asked, voice level and soft.
“Oh my god—I’ve failed you as a 21st century guide,” Tony whined. “Friday, queue up the first Harry Potter. Steve—you’re in for a treat. Well, actually, pretend you have no idea who Strange is and then you’ll be in for a treat.”
He let out another sigh. “He told me to dress nice.”
And so Tony took the opportunity to pull his new, and very handsome, boyfriend into a kiss. Steve’s arms immediately came to wrap around his waist, holding him close as the kiss deepened. But just a few moments in, Steve pulled away, his lips swollen and cheeks red.
Tony skyrocketed his way into the main penthouse floor—the same space that Hulk had beaten down Loki in all those years ago—and that was now in a similar state of disarray. There was glass and concrete shattered everywhere. The outer deck was in flames, black smoke billowing up into the night sky. Tony’s heart sank. It looked grim.
But that did not stop him from allowing it to completely consume him.
He would mourn his inability to sound cool and casual later.
“Let’s go to my bedroom,” Tony responded, his own tone going serious. He looked up at Steve’s hypnotic blue eyes with certainty.
“Putting myself in harm’s way at the tower—a week ago?—god yeah, last week,” Tony said, looking away and fiddling with a string on the blanket. “It was reckless of me. And I comprised everyone in the process. I should know better by now, really.”
Tony grumbled. She had a good point, even though it stung a bit. That wound was still fresh.
Heartbreak was too kind of a word for the way he felt seeing Tony break his sobriety. And devastation was too soft for the feeling of learning that Tony had a man in his bed. Those feelings came back to him now, welling up inside his chest, as he let himself really feel them this time. He was alone—far enough away from the main building that if he cried no one would hear him. The anguish gurgled up in his throat until the tears spilled down his cheeks.
Tony knew Steve emphasized the ‘and’ because otherwise Tony would blindly rush inside alone with no concern for his own safety. Instantly rebellion and defiance started to bubble up inside of him. Stane’s attack was personal.
He paused as the crowd clapped enthusiastically and the people around each respective Avenger turned to them and nudged them in acknowledgment.
He sat at the kitchen island on a barstool, head in his hands, rotating between seething with anger and openly weeping. Images of the arguments between his mother and father haunted his memory—seeing Howard throw empty beer bottles and shout while his mom wept—it had a lasting impact on him.
“Maybe you don’t have to be,” Sam countered. “Wanda’s single. Maria Hill’s single. Sharon’s around somewhere—maybe she’d like to give it a—“
“I am very grateful! Thank you, James,” Thor beamed over at him. “This is very useful. It seems it would be my turn to go, but I have already given my gift. But Steven and Tony are still without presents—has something gone wrong?”
But it was too late—Peter stood in the bathroom doorway with worry across his face.
The gentleness in Steve’s sparkling blue eyes nearly made Tony sob on the spot. Kindness is precisely what Tony needed in this moment and yet it was too much for him to handle. He stood, abruptly hurrying towards the hallway.
“Steve,” he gasped. “I’m going need your help for this next part, okay?”
“Goodnight, Peter,” Tony said, letting him go.
“Hey Nat,” he grumbled, abruptly closing the sketchbook to hide his work.
“Tony, you can stay here tonight. We’ve got plenty of room—your room is still empty and filled with your extra stuff,” he said.
Steve returned Tony’s smile.
“Do-goodiness, can do—“
“Hey, I missed you too,” Tony said softly.
“For a genius, you really are stupid, you know that? Tony—I love you so deeply and I know you love me, but sometimes things just don’t work out. And I think we both knew this was coming a long time ago. But we pushed on anyway—probably because we were so lonely—especially after Thanos, we only had each other, and it seemed like the only realistic solution.”
Steve stayed silent—Tony and Pepper had been broken up for about a year now. The aftermath of the Battle of New York was the straw that broke the camel’s back. She could not stand by and watch him continue to almost die inside a red and gold suit of armor. And Tony could not put the armor away forever and sleep soundly at night.
“S-steve Rogers, well, I’ve got to say—out of all the people I expected to burst into my office today, you were not one of them,” Tiberius lamely joked, sitting up straight in his chair and smoothing out his suit jacket.
“Is there something you’d like to share?” Steve prodded, nudging Nat with his elbow. She laughed.
“Steve Rogers, you’re awfully sassy this morning,” she noted, turning to face him with her eyebrows raised in curiosity. “Woke up on the wrong side of the bed? Didn’t get the full fifty mile run in before 6am?”
“Shut up Tony—everyone needs oxygen eventually.”
“Then I think it’s safe to say I’ll be there,” he replied.
“This is nice, huh?” he prompted.
“Ohhh Tony, that’s evil. Genius, but evil,” Steve chuckled. And before Tony could reply, Morgan came running over and lept into Steve’s arm with the biggest smile on her face.
Tony’s room at the compound was exactly as he had left it. Tidy. Two large bookcases full of his extra books, a dresser with a back-up wardrobe, a large desk with two monitors, and his adjacent bathroom full of all his go-to toiletries.
“Another thing Tony—nothing about you is selfish. In fact, you’re one of the most selfless men I’ve ever met. And it breaks my heart that you’ve bought into the headlines the tabloids run about you or what your worst enemies think. You give and you give and you give—and even when you run out of things to give, you create more to give.”
“That traitor—wait—which one was it? My A.I. or my former best friend?” Tony snapped, staring at him accusingly.
“God—do I need to get laid that badly?” he wondered out loud to himself. Tony stared at his reflection and silently acknowledged it was not that simple.
After a quick cleaning up, Tony tucked himself into Steve’s arms and they laid there—content and safe. Steve moves to look down at Tony, who responds by giving him a short kiss and smiling up at him.
“My mom—she was pretty epic. Brilliant and strong. She taught me how to be a good person,” he replied, smiling at the thought.
The next few days were filled with other valiant but failed attempts. Steve thought making Tony’s favorite dinner and bringing it down to him would work. Wrong. Taking Tony to his favorite art gallery? Didn’t work. He even got Tony to agree to a baseball game and that didn’t work either. Despite all of his best efforts Tony seemed completely oblivious to Steve’s advances and his feelings.
“No shit, Sherlock! You think I have that kind of energy?” and the two of them dissolved into chaotic laughter, quickly earning the attention of Steve and Morgan when they reached the top of the hill.
“That’s not gonna be good.” Rhodey grimaced and turned to Natasha who, alternatively, looked delighted.
“Well apparently not because I married you even after all of that!” she yelled back.
I know this chapter was a little rough. It is always hard seeing either Tony or Steve in pain. BUT I promise the next chapter is going to be worth the pain we just went through. And Tiberius will absolutely get what he deserves (hint: it is a fist in the face).
With his heart caught in his throat, Tony stuttered out, “I-I believe there’s a Christmas party we are meant to be partaking in?”
“I wouldn’t call falling into a bottle strong, Nat.”
The alarms throughout the compound starting blaring. Tony startled and he nearly fell over.
Tony couldn’t keep the smile off his face.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Bucky interrupted Steve’s spiral. “And you’re wrong. So don’t bother. Have you ever considered that because you’re different, that’s why you two would work? That maybe Tony’s habit of dating people too similar to him is why those relationships have not lasted?”
Steve nodded. He sat down in the armchair off to the side of his bed, where he would spend his time reading, and motioned for Tony to take a seat on the edge of his mattress. Several moments of palpable silence stretched out between them.
Nat narrowed her eyes, arms crossed, and observed the scene before her. The first time she meant Tiberius she had warned Tony that he was a user and manipulator and that he should cut him off immediately. Obviously, that had not gone well. That was not the sort of advice Tony had been looking for from his secretary at the time. When Tony chose Pepper, Nat had celebrated the removal of Ty from Tony’s life and had hoped to never see him again.
If he was going to be honest with himself…
“Tony—“
“We’re idiots,” Steve laughed.
“Regrettably.”
“You’re welcome Tony. Any time, really. Anyway, I’ll get going now—”
“Nope, I am not indulging you. You are being punished for hiding away and letting yourself spiral instead of being an adult and talking to your best friend about it,” Rhodey snipped.
When Steve got back to his room he spent longer in the shower than usual. He rested his head against the tile and let the hot water spray over him until the bathroom was a sauna. It almost felt good to have his skin singed by the scalding water. It almost took his mind off his worry for Tony.
And then the sound of Thor’s booming voice getting closer and closer to the living room made Tony spring up and away from Steve so fast it looked like nothing had ever happened. By the time Thor and Sam entered, the only remnant of what had transpired was the flushing on their cheeks.
Things in Tony's life are beginning to fall apart and a certain darkness is beginning to loom over him.
“Spaceface, I’m going in first,” Tony said, glancing over at the woman flying by his side.
Tony’s heart swelled seeing Natasha and Wanda, two members of the team who had grown exponentially since he first met them, be so loving and gentle with his daughter. And Morgan absolutely adored both of them. It was a relief to see the team happily accept Morgan into their space and incorporate her into their days
One evening in particular, the first Friday of December, Scott and Sam gathered the Avengers together in the living room to announce that this year there would be a Christmas party.
“You don’t need to apologize.”
“Steve, on the other hand, has always been a massive idiot when it has come to matters of the heart.” That earned a genuine laugh from Natasha. “He’s quite literally the world’s authority on waiting too long. I mean—I’m not advocating he pounce on Tony right the second the divorce papers are signed, but Christ.”
Tony was struck by how beautiful Steve’s eyes looked. Upon noticing the depth and wonder of Steve’s eyes, his heart skipped a beat, a sensation he actively chose to ignore for the moment. There was something swimming in his eyes, beyond the emotion of their apologies, and Tony was mentally fumbling to figure it out. And just when he thought his fingertips were about to grasp it—
“Guess you should get up and get ready,” Steve hummed, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead.
And if Tiberius heard him moan Steve’s name he chose to ignore it.
In the moment Steve ignored the butterflies in his stomach at Tony’s invitation. But it became increasingly apparent how head over heels Steve was for him as they huddled close together over the workbench that night. His senses were entirely overwhelmed by Tony—which was not completely new, Tony had a tendency to be overwhelming—but this time it was different.
Steve startled at that, caught somewhere between upset and concerned.
It had been over a decade since he last saw Tiberius Stone in person. They had parted on amicable terms but neither had bothered to reach out in ten years. That clearly—well—it meant something. Perhaps it had something to do with Tony cutting off their friends with benefits arrangement out of nowhere and picking Pepper over him.
“God—Tony’s favorite movie is this, Tony showed me that, did you know Tony’s new project is this,” Bucky imitated, his voice going up several octaves. “I know more about you than I’ve ever wanted to.”
He was milliseconds too late.
“Well, Pepper called this morning,” Bruce started and Tony’s face fell, his heart dropped.
“The Stark Industries Gala is coming up, right?”
the one who should be apologizing. I should have told you about Buck and your parents. I shouldn’t have lied—you trusted me and I broke that trust. I hurt you. You were vulnerable and all I did was hurt you. I don’t blame you—not for yesterday, not for back then—I’m sorry.”
“I don’t know what you’re implying,” Tony snapped.
Steve cleared his throat, standing awkwardly across the room, just inside the entrance.
“A confused school boy, huh?” Tony perked up.
It was time for a change.
“You’re an idiot, Stark. Yes, of course he does. You helped him navigate the 21st century. You gave him a home. You’re the main reason why he knows how to function in this century. Despite whatever lies you’ve let take root in that head of yours, Steve cares about you. A lot. Sometimes it is excruciating how much he won’t shut up about you,” Bucky groaned.
Tony wandered away from Nat to absent mindedly stand near the beverage station. He was grateful that alcohol was not on the menu—which it never would be, his team respected his sobriety far too much for that. There was a crockpot for non-alcoholic warm apple cider, a full blown hot chocolate station with every topping imaginable, and an array of sodas. He poured himself a mug of cider. When he took a sip, he silently grieved the absence of whiskey or bourbon but decided that thought was best kept to himself. He got lost in thought and stood there for god knows how long. A hand on the small of his back and a soft, but concerned, voice snapped him out of it.
“Tony, I,” Bucky started, sitting up straight and actually looking sympathetic for the man sitting across from him.
“And I said that’s unfair, because not everyone is a millionaire,” Steve retorted, falling perfectly in step with the story Tony was making up.
“You did not interrupt my day to talk to me about buying a present.”
“Man—if I have to hear you compare yourself to Pepper or Tony one more time…you keep going around in circles about how much better they are than you,” Sam snapped. “It’s bullshit.”
“Well, it’s fine.”
“Something Bucky said is just weighing on me, I guess.”
“N-no—no, Tony, that’s not why I did it,” Steve replied. “I mean—it partially is but no one should have to endure that. It’s gross. Dehumanizing—I hated seeing it happen and honestly I couldn’t control myself. I’m sorry.”
He did, however, regret getting drunk off his ass the last time he saw the kid.
“Evil schemes, huh? I can’t imagine you…scheming,” Tony replied, raising his eyebrows suggestively. Steve’s cheeks went pink.
The utter devastation on Steve’s face sprang to the forward of Tony’s mind.
Do I sound as entitled as all these pricks?
We have a tendency to shout at each other instead of listen and empathize. I really want that to change, because I care about you Tony. I hope you know that. If you know at least one thing about me, I want you to know I care about you.
Steve, Nat, and Sam were noticeably absent for years after the Accords ordeal. And tonight was also the debut of Bucky’s membership with the Avengers.
“You look tired,” she mused.
words from Tony, words he never thought he would hear—words he didn’t think he deserved—it sent him soaring. He did not even attempt to hold back the tears that welled up in his eyes. Before Tony knew it, he was being pulled up off the bed into a hug. He was rigid at first, but hearing Steve softly cry turned him into a sappy mess.
“I know.”
“Don’t be. I’m not—that’s the worst part, I think.”
“Yeah, that went about as well—“
Tony spiraled so deep into his worries that he did not hear Rhodey enter the workshop. He practically jumped out of his skin when Rhodey spoke up.
“Steve,” Nat said, breaking him out of his thoughts. She had just come into the infirmary room and was walking over. Something told Steve she had been watching him for a few minutes. The worried look on her face was telling for a super spy that endeavored not to wear her feelings on her sleeve.
“Alright—enough of this. Both of us. We waited too long already and we aren’t going to let our own personal insecurities hold us back any longer. I, personally, am stoked this is happening,” he said matter-of-factly.
Tony did not resurface for another eight hours. He had taken ample time to recover from his excruciating hangover. It was important to him that when he interacted with anyone from the team that his hangover did not get in the way and sour the mood. He could not remember the last time alcohol knocked him this hard off his feet. Maybe it had been in college when he and Rhodey snuck into Jared Lynch’s graduation party. Tony had so much to drink that night he completely blacked out and woke up in a stranger’s bed. That hangover was a nightmare.
They made they way to the garage, where Tony guided them to his 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California Spider and jumped into the driver’s seat. This was one of Tony’s fanciest cars—but that didn’t mean anything. Steve was pretty sure Tony didn’t own a cheap car—there were no Honda Accords in sight, anyway.
Tony’s heart stopped when Steve opened the door. Part of him wanted Steve to be out so he could have more time to gain the courage for this conversation.
“Well, we can’t order until they’re here or we run the risk of our food getting cold,” Nat added. “So it’s better to just wait. There are worse things than spending time with us, Barnes.” She winked at him which got her a smirk in return.
“It is a figure of speech,” Steve jumped in, walking over with Morgan riding on his shoulders, legs swinging.
They sat against the wall, side-by-side, as Tony wiped the remaining sweat from his face with a towel. He wasn’t sure why he felt panic when considering opening up to his closest friends—his family—about his feelings. It was just the other day he had that heart-to-heart with Steve and it had gone well—what was there to fear?
“Oh god, what did my idiot boyfriend say now?” She asked, following Steve’s lead out of the ring and spraying some water from her bottle onto her face.
“Yes, Cap? And why exactly am I blessed with your presence on this fine day?”
“Somehow they drew each other’s names,” Nat laughed. “Ridiculous.”
“You did what now?” Tony shrieked, face paling.
Steve made quick work of removing their remaining clothes and his hastiness made Tony laugh.
Steve knew he was not responsible for Tony’s sobriety. He was not responsible for anything Tony did or did not do. But he could not shake the feeling of failure that washed over him. If only he could have been there—been more for Tony—maybe, then this would not have happened. Then Tiberius would have never made his way into Tony’s bed. And Tony’s sobriety would still be intact.
“If not for me, for the kid’s safety.”
“Yes, and it will remain super secret in order to guarantee maximum levels of surprise that will result in awesome sex later,” Tony smirked, relishing the bright blush that grew on Steve’s cheeks.
He may have forgotten the minor detail about kissing Sharon in front of his two closest friends, who still never let him live that down.
“Sure Tony—because I know that will never happen, I’ll agree to do just that.”
“Ty must have leaked the story. He must have taken a photo when I was passed out for blackmail,” he replied. “That’s the only thing that makes sense. I mean, hell, he runs a media conglomerate. He has probably orchestrated this whole thing.”
“N-no. I’ll go,” Ty stammered, turning to give Tony one last glance, before shuffling out.
The thing they had been tiptoeing around was finally happening and it was entirely consuming Tony. He was lost in the feeling of Steve’s hard muscles against his body, the smell of his shampoo, his firm hands on his hips, and the skill of his tongue. The sensation overload was intoxicating—better than any alcoholic drink he ever had. And it was in that instant, Tony realized this was the happiest he had been in a very long time. He was euphoric. Steve’s lips against his lit up his nervous system and set his skin on fire. Their bodies moving against one another—this closeness, the shattering of the wall that stood between them—ignited a passion inside Tony’s chest that he thought long gone.
“Peter—its good to see you. I didn’t know you were coming,” Tony said, pulling out of the hug and looking down at the teen suspiciously.
“No—god, I’ll go first,” Tony stuttered. He felt flustered from all the eyes now staring expectantly at him and Steve. And Christ—it did feel like a cheesy rom-com plot that they had drawn each other’s names. He was not entirely convinced that Nat didn’t somehow set it up for this to happen. There was no way to know how she could have managed such a thing, but if any could, it would be her. His cheeks felt like they were on fire as he handed Steve his present—he felt uncharacteristically sheepish as he sat back down in his cozy couch nook.
They had gotten through most of the night without incident. Until Tony crossed the room to check on Steve and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Bucky walked over, gently zipping her up and brushing her flowing red hair over one shoulder. He bent down and kissed the exposed side of her neck and hummed.
“Sorry—was finishing up some work,” Steve apologized. “Hey, do you have a second?”
“I’m sorry Tony, I’ve just been…I’ve been carrying this weight—the guilt of what I did to you—and to hear you say you forgive me. It is good, overwhelming, but good,” he said, smiling and misty-eyed.
They sat on the edge of Tony’s massive bed, side by side, quiet for several long moments.
Bucky’s tough love had felt right in the moment, but now as Steve sat next to Tony, their arms pressed against each other, and Tony rattling off facts about Harry Potter—yeah, Bucky had been wrong. He knew Buck was trying to look out for him—which was fair, who wanted to see their best friend helplessly pine after unrequited love? But sitting here, pining or not, Steve was overwhelmed with a genuine joy he had not felt in years.
“Tony—you’ve got to be kidding me,” Steve said, exasperated. “You’re not even going to try and talk to me about it before making up your mind?”
“My, my, that’s quite the praise coming from ego-maniac Stark,” Sam laughed, patting Steve on the back.
“If I let you up, will you talk to me?”
“Yes, that happens when you have an Italian mother,” Tony teased. “I’m surprised you haven’t heard me use it before.”
He remembered his spiral just a couple evenings prior.
Tony looked into his eyes—his blue eyes that sucked him in and made him feel like he was drowning—and he knew he was a goner.
He was wearing one of Tony’s black Stark Industries tees and boxers. A dark purple hickey was visible on his neck and he smirked proudly. He was flaunting his sexual encounter with Tony like a peacock.
“Tony,” Steve whispered, his tone shifting.
“Okay, well, you may have a little bit of a point there,” Steve conceded, hands up in defeat. “But even if that’s what I want, I don’t know how to date in the 21st century. And I’m not exactly connected with anyone outside of the Avengers.”
“Oh, so you’re stressing about how to get a gift that perfectly expresses your undying love that you’ve kept to yourself for over ten years?” Rhodey teased. Tony could feel the smug smirk on his face through the phone.
The tension visibly melted away from Tony’s body and he smiled. Up until this point the worst case scenarios had been reeling in his mind but he was pleasantly surprised for it to be going so well. Tony was not a stranger to difficult conversations, but having one with Bucky had felt dangerous and like he was treading on thin ice. But now Barnes sat across from him smiling warmly, forgiving his sins, and setting the tone for a better future between the two of them.
“Thank god,” Steve sighed.
“Yeah alright, that is a fair assessment,” Tony drawled, coming back to the present moment. “I seem to remember a drunk night or two where I waxed poetic about his beautiful ass, so I’m aware I’m anything but subtle when I’m around you.”
But no, even still, this one was way worse. Begrudgingly, Tony knew that likely had something to do with his age. And he remembered reading something about sobriety lessening the system’s ability to handle alcohol intake after a while or some bullshit.
“Steve—seriously. I wish you saw you the way everyone else does. And no, I’m not talking about as Captain America,” Sam said. “I’m talking about the way we see you—how the rest of the team sees you. How Tony sees you? You’re one in a million man. Maybe someday you’ll believe it.”
“S-sorry,” he stammered.
“I guess,” Steve pondered. “A bit.”
“Fuck,” Nat snarled. “What are we going to do?”
“I know, I know—I convinced Happy to bring me over without telling you, because I wanted to show you the new webshooter tech I developed and I—well, I missed you,” Peter mumbled.
Pepper covered his mouth with her hand and smiled wearily.
So, it was decided then.
Their lips moving together and their hands hungrily grappling onto one another—it’s an offering of safety and peace. It says, “the rest of the world is dark and dangerous—but here together the light shines brightly.”
“Yeah, well, you don’t always have to run like you have super serum in your veins, do ya?”
“Did he really care—christ, Tones, you’re an idiot. Of course he did,” Rhodey grumbled. “You think Steve Rogers just goes around kissing people left and right?”
“You’re just…you’re really good with her,” he responded.
“I can’t—I can’t believe,” Ty laughed so hard he was gasping for air. “You made me hide in the bushes—for—for twenty minutes.”
And Tony could not help but stare at him. The sun was hitting Steve’s face just right—his hair golden and eyes sparkling blue. Morgan was content in his lap, completely melting into him, and almost asleep from a good thirty minutes of playing with a super soldier. It was picture perfect.
“Sometimes it is better to not stay together, I think.”
“Something nice. I trust you to make a good choice,” Tony laughed.
“You’re welcome, Tony.”
“Thank god,” she sighed, letting go of his knee and sitting back in her chair.
“Steve, what’s wrong? You’re not the type of guy to get shaken up,” she whispered, gently rubbing his cheek with her thumb.
Steve stared down at the gift in his lap—it was wrapped in shimmering navy blue paper with delicate silver snowflakes embossed all over it and a silver bow on top. He should have expected that Tony, with his clever mechanic’s fingers, would be able to beautifully wrap gifts. With just the wrapping taking his breath away, Steve felt mildly terrified of what he may find inside. Tony was not a man who spared any expense—what could possibly be in this box? A fancy watch? Keys to a damn countryside house in Italy? The possibilities were, quite literally, endless.
“Well, hello little miss,” he hummed, resting his head against hers.
“The hard part,” Nat sighed.
Scott and Nat started piling the table full with the food they had cooked. Everyone was present except Tony and Peter. Steve assumed Tony had stopped to pick up Peter on the way, and even if he hadn’t, Tony was rarely on time.
And, if he were completely honest with himself, a committed relationship was something he craved. Something he genuinely wanted. He had always been the type of person, that when he fell in love, it was damn near impossible to fall out of it. Hell—he didn’t even stop loving Pepper—they just stopped working—stopped making sense together.
Something Steve was not.
The fact that they all quit talking the moment Tony spoke up did not help his social anxiety.
“Sure,” he lied.
When Tony finally regained a semblance of composure they sat down on the ground, getting ready for the meteor shower that Peter said was meant to be visible in the next five minutes or so. Morgan climbed into Steve’s lap, leaning back against his broad chest, and stared up at the night sky expectantly. At Tony’s other side, Peter laid back in the grass and started kicking Tony’s calves every so often to be a nuisance. When the bright fiery spheres started to fall across the night sky, Morgan’s mouth fell open and she made all sorts of impressed noises. It made Tony giggle, seeing her awestruck and wide eyed. Steve looked over at him and smiled—Tony’s heart stopped for the few seconds that he and Steve held each other’s gaze. In that moment it felt like everything else faded away and all that existed were Steve’s bright blue eyes under the black sky. He knew he was a total goner at this point—he was helplessly lost in his feelings for Steve—and there was no recovering from it now. Rhodey’s encouragement had broken down whatever barrier was previously stopping him from feeling the full force and intensity of it before. Now he felt the entirety of it—and it was almost too much. His breath got caught in his chest and he forgot how to function, until Steve looked away and back at the meteors, and then Tony gasped for air. God—was he in love with Steve Rogers?
Tony jumped a bit and dropped the tool he was holding, but kept his back to Steve, frozen. A few moments passed before Tony stood up straight and spun around on his heel to face him directly. He had a look of utter defiance on his face, lips pulled tight, and eyes narrowed.
The only sliver of hope he was holding onto was that, unlike his father, he never laid a hand on Pepper nor did he physically lash out on anything else. He supposed he should be grateful that their arguments were verbal and that was it.
“Actually—wait a minute—Bruce, I never explained it to you, did I? We got viciously attacked by Thanos’ monstrous space children before I could,” Tony continued, ignoring Nat and Steve, and standing. He walked over to stand in front of the couch and everyone on it—he was vibrating with energy.
“I’m just thinking about how I should have punched that guy’s teeth in.”
“I’m sorry,” he apologized again. “I wish I had an answer for you, but I don’t really have one for myself. I just know that I feel empty, but I know I shouldn’t. We succeeded. We brought everyone back. And here I am…and my heart hurts.”
“Come on kid, let’s go chat,” Tony said, walking over and wrapping an arm around Peter’s shoulders to steer him back into the bedroom.
“Oh—oh?” Steve was back to sputtering.
“I know. I won’t—I don’t want to.”
“Good. Getting the Peak up and running and fully operational is just time intensive,” she explained. “And getting various other planets, races, and beings on board with the program is strenuous, but most people are seeing the benefit.”
The only problem was he could not find Tony anywhere in the compound.
I hope this letter finds you well.
“Yeah—yeah, you could say that,” Tony admitted. “Hey—wait a minute, you’ve got to tell me. How the hell do you know?”
“Yeah, thanks Rhodey, but Steve is supposed to be Captain Obvious,” Nat groaned, hiding her face in her hands as Steve looked affronted. “What can we do?”
Tony groaned again.
“But at least you’re really good at fixing things. I tend to wait too long or make impulsive choices that have decades long implications,” he countered.
Tony finally put the phone down on his work bench, clicking the speaker button, so that he could fidget with both his hands. He moved frantically, not actually getting any work done, but twisting bolts on things that did not need twisting.
“Well then it is pretty pathetic we haven’t really talked about it before, huh? Instead we have both committed to being haunted by the same memories over just owning up to what went down. Having a real conversation like goddamn adults,” Tony scoffed, but then smiled a small smile.
Probably, Tony thought grimly. He knew that being Tony Stark—being Iron Man—required greater and nobler things from him. Most days that was precisely where his motivation came from, but this evening, on the edge of recovering from a hangover, it was what made him want to hide away from all the responsibility. Run away from it. Let someone else handle it for a little bit.
“Here,” he offered.
Tony internally panicked.
Tony grinned.
They both sat there silently for a few moments—the air in the room tense and heavy with the implications of this conversation. Tony was vigorously twiddling his thumbs and chewing the inside of his cheek. He almost started to stand up and excuse himself when Bucky broke the awkward silence.
The gala was officially six days away and Steve had yet to officially ask Tony to go. After his retreat from the workshop, both Nat and Sam managed to corner him into a deeper conversation about what was going on. And despite Steve’s best attempts at avoiding them, he should have known better than to try and escape a master assassin and Sam Wilson, best friend and counselor extraordinaire.
A lot of civilians had already been evacuated from surrounding buildings, but the top floor of the Avengers Tower—the penthouse—was not cleared. It was being held hostage by Stane, who was wearing a knock-off Iron Man suit himself.
The nausea swirled unrestrained in Steve’s empty stomach—he had not managed to eat all day due to the all-consuming worry. His head swam with half-formed regrets from long ago—from Siberia. The blood beating into Steve’s heart felt like tar—thick and heavy and slow. The whole world had slowed down the moment he realized Tony was hurting.
“I’m not,” Tony started, frowning and taking in a deep breath. “I’m not doubting that.”
“Tony,” Steve warned.
“I shall go first!” He reached under the tree and pulled out a large box, handing it to Bruce. “It is for you, my friend!”
The majority of his time had ended up being spent in his workshop, with the windows tinted black so no one could see in, and a strict order to Friday that no one was allowed in. Steve came by knocking and begging to be let in on no less than four occasions. Nat stopped by to yell some profanities his way—thank god he could enable soundproofing.
Every Sunday night was Family Dinner at the Avengers compound. Tony had invested in a long dinner table to seat everyone after the Time Heist. Most Sundays almost everyone made it—even those who were traveling out in space would make time for Family Dinner. It was something they all ended up taking pretty seriously after recovering from the snap. Losing everyone had given them a renewed sense of how important they all were to each other. Steve loved it.
“Sir—uh, Captain America—sorry, is that it?” she asked, fumbling on how to address him and stop him from barging through the doors.
Bruce gave his Secret Santa his present next—he had drawn Scott’s name and gotten him a canvas print of his favorite photo with Cassie and Hope. It made Scott bawl his eyes out for several minutes before he was able to compose himself and grab his gift to give. He handed Nat a gift bag (because he could not wrap to save his life) and inside it was an exquisite emerald Russian shawl—it had crimson roses and golden embroidery throughout.
God, were they still there.
“Oh no—you and Pepper are going to double team me, aren’t you? And not in the way I would like you to, either,” Tony whined. But he had clearly given up, as he rolled out of bed and stretched his arms over his head. Steve got out of bed and walked over to him, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and kissing him on the cheek several times. “You know, you’re not making it any easier for me to leave, Rogers.”
“It’s gonna be okay, Tones. Just—one day at a time, okay?” Rhodey reached out and patted his friend’s hand. “One day at a time. You’ll figure it out. You always do.”
“Yeah, I figured.”
The only thing flooding Tony’s mind was the unbearable searing pain in his left hip.
He should have passed out about fifteen minutes ago from the exhaustion, but his anxiety was a type of inertia propelling him forward. In his worst moments he saw himself in the punching bag and hit harder.
The world melts away as they melt into one another. Those walls quietly crumble as they drink each other in. And their kiss—it is so much more than a simple kiss. It is an extension of the trust and partnership they have in every other arena—in the Avenger’s Tower, on the battlefield—suddenly everything is given a depth that was previously unfathomable.
Natasha caught Steve’s eyes and gave him an all too knowing smirk.
“Oh my god Mr. Stark, I can’t believe that happened,” Peter said through tears, he was laughing so hard.
And suddenly, the tower was finally within reach.
But given his feelings for Tony the last thing it was his place to do was comment on Pepper. His stomach twisted at the sound of her name though—it reminded him how picture perfect of a couple the two of them were. Sure—Pepper could never fully understand Tony’s love and dedication for Iron Man and the Avengers—but it was obvious she was the perfect catch.
Steve looked down at his clenched fists and frowned. He could not stand by and let Tony be openly harassed by people who did not care about him as anything beyond a resource.
Tony clutched his heart, swooning like a romance novel heroine.
“Really? You don’t want to impose?” Steve said, but Tony could tell he was purposely being a little shit.
“Carol’s a lesbian, Sam.”
“I’ll be back,” was all he said before walking out the door.
And the words Steve had wanted to hear—to hear from Tony—made his heart soar. He could not keep the goofy grin off his face. Tony rolled his eyes.
The sound of Steve and Bucky’s laughter filled the room. Tony looked to see they had knocked each other on the ground and were giggling like children about it. The jealousy monster started wringing his stomach again.
Rhodey laughed at him. “It’s Tony—did you expect him to be on time? Because if you did, you haven’t been paying attention.” This earned a laugh from Nat and Peter, but Bucky just frowned.
“So, what do we do?” Steve’s desperation was clear.
“Really? That’s all you’ve got?” Tony teased, cupping Steve’s cheeks in his hands. “I love you, Steve.”
Steve left Tony’s workshop feeling incredibly defeated and frustrated with himself. How did Tony not automatically understand the implications of that gift? But even he could hear Bucky’s laughter in the back of his head telling him he never knew how to ask people out correctly. He should have known.
A memory he had desperately tried to forget bubbled to the surface—it was just a few months after the battle of New York and the Chitauri invasion. The Avengers had all been officially living in the Tower for a few weeks and it was chaos.
“Huh. Well, thanks for telling me.”
“Can we—uh, talk?” Tony asked, looking for a way to regain his footing.
“Are you sure? You’re going to let your friends bully you into asking me to leave?” Ty questioned.
“How are you doing?” Steve ventured to ask, fully knowing what he was getting himself into. When Tony let out a long sigh, he had to work to hide his amused smirk.
“Come on Tony,” he laughed. “It’s not like there’s a meteor shower every night.”
Steve licked his lips.
Before he knew it, he was sobbing again and staring at another empty glass.
Tony buried his face in his hands and let out a groan. The panic had set in once he realized how wonderful—how important—what was happening had been. And he hated himself for panicking.
Unlike Natasha, Steve was still as a statue while channeling all his energy into remaining calm. He was seeing red, silently seething, and ready to beat Ty’s face into a pulp on a moment’s notice. But the rage inside of him did not feel justified or earned—Tony was allowed to do as he pleased and he was a grown adult. He did not even know this Tiberius character, but Nat did, and her anger towards him made him feel mildly better about his own.
Christmas time arrives for the Avengers, so Scott and Sam decide that this year there should be a proper Christmas party. Which means Secret Santa, mistletoe, and other antics.
“I could tell.”
He sat up in bed and swung his legs over the side. Sighing deeply, he went into the bathroom to wash his face and pee before pulling on sweatpants and a tank top.
“I was kidding,” Steve chuckled, grabbing one of Tony’s hands and kissing his knuckles.
He slipped into the other side of the bed, staring up at the ceiling, listening intently to Tony’s breathing. After a few minutes his breath evened out and softened. Steve smiled, quietly pleased that his presence was able to soothe him. An hour later sleep was victorious over him as well.
“Well damn it Rhodey, how could you know when I just figured this out this morning?”
Nat raised her eyebrows, skeptical.
“What?” Steve’s head snapped up at the sound of Tony’s voice and he clumsily shoved his phone back into his pocket.
“Oh?” Bucky replied, playing dumb.
When he looked down, he saw Tony moaning in pain, clutching his side. The man was utterly delirious—far away from the present moment due to shock and agony. Dark crimson blood was seeping out over Tony’s fingers and onto the tile ground beneath him. It was an image that got seared into Steve’s mind—Tony, wounded below him and because of him, helpless and fading with each passing moment.
“Well, it’s not nearly as interesting as whatever you’re working on,” Steve chuckled. “I don’t create things that save people’s lives.”
“Just give me a second,” he replied, holding a finger up. “I need you to hear this.”
“You’re supposed to be a genius,” Rhodey interrupted.
“I’m not stupid Rogers—I like to think I know you pretty well. And I heard Nat and Sam talking about it the other day.”
“Tones—this better be an emergency. You know I’m on a mission right now,” Rhodey groaned.
“I will make popcorn!” Thor announced, wandering over to the adjacent kitchen and pulling out far more bags of popcorn than necessary.
“What?” Tony snapped.
“I have an idea, but he won’t like it very much,” Nat said, breaking Steve out of his train of thought.
, Bucky thought smugly.
“I’m an expertly trained assassin who has a specialty for reading other people and understanding them—picking them apart, knowing what makes a person tick just from one glance—so what were you saying, Steve?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ve outdone yourselves,” Tony complimented Sam and Scott, who were eagerly greeting everyone as they entered the room. “I’m impressed.”
“What the fuck?! You broke my nose!” he screeched.
“We deserve to celebrate each other—and together,” Sam announced, cutting in and breaking up the potential argument brewing between Scott and Tony. “We have never really celebrated the Time Heist and the aftermath of everything good that happened. We’ve earned this for once.”
“You okay?” Steve laughed and Tony blushed.
Nat looked up from the book she was reading when she heard Tony plop down in the chair across from her. She could instantaneously tell that he was sober, but hungover. Patiently, she closed her book and looked at him—her expression soft and waiting for him to start. It was clear he was there to say something.
“They’re both so dense it is painful,” she said, sitting down on the edge of the bed, turning to face him. “I mean, don’t get me wrong. Tony’s a literal genius and Steve is really damn smart himself, but god. I’m holding their hands through this.”
He was helplessly smitten.
That evening Tony found himself vibrating with anxious energy while down in his workshop. He had drawn Steve’s name, because of course the universe wanted to do this to him. These sorts of situations always had a way of happening to him. Now he had to find a way to give Steve the best gift possible—a gift that could communicate all the things he was struggling to express. Gratitude. Affection. Loyalty. Forgiveness. Significance.
“Daddy—Daddy!” Morgan squealed, running over to Tony and folding up in his arms as Peter chased her. “I have a question.”
“Over here!” Tony raised his hand, still laying on his back comfortably on the couch.
“I paid him a visit. He won’t be bothering you again,” Steve replied, his voice stern this time and a hardness in his eyes that was not there before.
“Yeah, I know you care, Ty,” Tony sighed, relenting. “You’ve just got a shit way about showing it.”
Love,
He promptly threw himself back against his pillows and groaned.
Tony buried himself in his work—designing a more potent version of Nat’s widow bites that would have a quicker response time and further range. He was so engrossed in his new project that thoughts of alcohol faded and he failed to notice Steve entering into the workshop.
He laid there, eyes closed as the Fentanyl swept over him, and the pain slowly subsided again. When he looked up, Nat was still standing over him, concern plastered on her face. She was so beautiful. Sometimes Tony forgot just how stunning she was. Particularly because he endeavored not to see her that way anymore—both because she had grown to be like a sister and because he dared not face the wrath of Barnes. But here, high as a kite on painkillers, those trepidations faded away.
“Hey,” Steve said, voice cracking from sleepiness.
“I’m not my father, Peter—“
“One second,” Tony said, out of breath, as he reached over to his side table drawer. After a moment too long of fumbling around, he pulled out a bottle of lube with a sigh of relief. He squirted some on his hand before wrapping it around both of their lengths together. Steve’s body stuttered forward, uncontrollably thrusting into Tony’s hand, which earned moans from both of them.
“I’m sorry, I’m not good at this. It’s been hard being here—seeing my own struggles present in other people’s stories. It makes it…makes it more real, you know?”
Bucky burst out into laughter. “No, this book is total shit. It is the most boring thing I have ever read.”
“Oh thank god,” Tony sighed with relief. “And god Steve—have you seen your art? You’re brilliant! If you gave up being Captain America to pursue a career as an artist, I think you would manage just fine.”
Jesus—he had not thought it possible, but Steve looked even more angelic when deep asleep. His face was completely relaxed and it was nice to see him truly at peace like that. Steve was all muscle—strong biceps and rock hard abs—but sleeping like this he was also long eyelashes against soft cheeks and messy, golden hair. Tony took extra time to commit this image to memory for safe keeping.
“Tones, man, if you don’t cut that shit out I’m going to have to kick your ass,” Rhodey cut into his spiral.
“Oh! Is it a movie night?” Sam asked, throwing himself into one of the recliners before he got an answer.
Steve scrubbed his hands over his face, already exasperated by Natasha’s prying, but she was one of his dearest friends. She was essentially his sister—he knew she cared—and so he was willing to have this insufferable conversation with her.
“Tony—this is amazing. You didn’t have to do this,” Steve said. “All these decorations must have cost a lot of money. The outside ones aren’t cheap.”
As he listened to Rhodey’s explanation he couldn’t deny the accuracy of it all. He supposed Rhodey was his best friend for a reason—their deep understanding of one another had led to a bond forged in compassion and loyalty. Throughout the years, even when he had no one he had Rhodey. He was lucky to have Rhodey at his side during his happiest moments and holding him through his worst. One memory in particular was nagging at the peripheral of his mind now.
If only he had seen the inferiority of the machines below from the beginning—he would have been up here with Tony to begin with—he would have had his shield ready. He would have protected Tony like he was supposed to.
“What do I do?”
“Come on Thor—let me try the big one,” Steve teased in between swings. He took out a line of Chitauri by throwing Mjolnir their way and calling it back into his palm.
The main culprit was Zeke Stane—son of Tony’s previous mentor and friend, Obadiah.
The room was crackling with electricity. The space between them was simultaneously a massive cavern and too small—suffocating. They were honed in on each other—everyone else melted away like they always did whenever they bantered or argued. Their gazes rested on one another—comfortable, familiar, and yet a little forbidden. Enticing. Everything they should say—that they wanted to say—remaining unspoken but undergirding each word.
“Let him in.”
It was thrilling. Electrifying. Every nerve ending felt aflame.
He needed more time.
“I don’t know Tony,” Peter replied. “Me and M.J. are doing really well. I think I might be a pro at this dating stuff.”
“It’s okay,” Tony whispered, realizing how much this actually meant to Steve, and that it was more than the Captain’s usual savior complex bullshit. He carefully placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder and squeezed. Several seconds passed before Steve regained his composure and looked over at Tony with a tiny smile.
“Take a seat, Captain,” Tony said, patting the empty grass next to him.
By the third day of isolation, Tony had resorted to playing old Avenger’s Tower home videos.
He sucked in a sharp breath and breathed it out slowly. Relief washed over him and the tension in his shoulders melted away. He would feel embarrassed about how obvious he was later, but right now it just felt good to get the green monster out of his body. Just like that the jealousy faded.
And instead of using words, Tony pulled Steve down into a deep kiss. He slipped his tongue past those lavish lips and rolled his hips against Steve’s—earning a delicious, deep moan from the other man. When he felt he had made his point abundantly clear, Tony broke away and stared at him defiantly.
“Sorry.”
“Yes, as I was saying,” Tony continued, picking up where he left off and doing his damnedest to act like nothing had happened. “I’ve been experiencing attraction to a certain individual who…is probably, likely, off-limits.”
Steve grumbled, but complied. After a short trip back into his room, he came out wearing jeans and a navy blue bomber jacket. “Better?”
“Tony,” Steve whispered. “I know what you’re thinking. And you’re wrong. God—you’re so wrong. I love you. I’ve loved you for as long as I can remember. I love every bit about you.” He reached down and grabbed Tony’s hands, bringing his knuckles to his lips and kissing them. “I love your hands. I love your hands and the amazing things they create.”
And god bless Nat—fantastic, amazing Natasha—she swooped in and saved him from utter humiliation.
Tony sat there, rendered unusually quiet, absorbing what Rhodey had said. Rhodey knew that Tony was genuinely mulling it over, because the man was rarely silent. Finally, Tony spoke up, more timid than usual.
Nat saw right through him—and he knew that—but she did not pry further. She could piece together where he was at right now—fresh in a divorce, fresh off a reconciliation conversation with Steve, and doing his best to avoid alcohol cold turkey. While Tony’s feelings for Steve were something she had known about for years now, despite his own denial, she knew now was not the time to push him. If there was one thing she was familiar with, it was the need for space, and time to heal.
Just a distraction, he surmised. An attempt to keep any and all attention away from the Tower where the real threat was. Well, he wasn’t falling for it.
Tony was great at giving extravagant gifts—giant bunnies or new cars were his go-to. Or even better, when he had been with Pepper she had gotten accustomed to just purchasing whatever she genuinely wanted with his credit card. But neither of those things would work for this Secret Santa situation. Steve was not the type of man to be wooed by expensive gifts and Tony could not just hand over his credit card—that communicated none of the feelings he was hoping for.
He could feel Steve’s arousal hard against his own and based on the way Steve was shuddering into their kiss, Tony assumed he could, too. Finally, Tony broke away gasping for air, having significantly less lung capacity than a super soldier. He looked up at Steve, who happened to look absolutely debauched with swollen lips and pupils blown wildly wide—it was single handedly the most gorgeous thing Tony had ever seen.
She paused, searching Tony’s face.
“Oh come on now, Captain America. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?”
“Natalia!” Ty exclaimed, sauntering into the kitchen on cue as if he had been listening in and waiting for the right time to show himself. “It has been too long.”
“Hiding in the hallway alone and making frowny faces at your phone is no way to spend a party meant to celebrate you,” he chided.
But he couldn’t help it, because suddenly the thing that had been so important was real and he was terrified he was going to screw it up.
Not that she really gave him a choice.
The ride home was unusually quiet. Years of pent up tension on the precipice of release hanging in the air between them. It was quiet but electrifying. The silence was tantalizing and it left Tony vibrating with anticipation.
Hence his silence at every meeting—he was busy grappling with the reality of his illness. But the night of his third meeting, he got called out, and couldn’t run away.
“I know—“
“You’re a little overdressed, Cap,” Tony’s laugh broke him out of his shameless staring.
When she stopped humming, Tony asked, “You know I love you very much, right?”
But Steve took those words to heart. And the result was an idea to give Tony one of his best sketches of him working away in his shop. In his mind this was one of the most romantic gestures he could muster—he had poured endless hours into that sketch—it was a visual representation of how much he cared about Tony.
But even that pain paled in comparison to the agony of having to explain to Clint’s family what happened. Laura’s pain, anger, confusion—her fists against Steve’s chest while he tried to calmly explain and answer her questions that really had no fair answer.
Without thinking, Steve let himself into Bucky’s room without knocking and he was greeted with his friend having sexual relations with Natasha.
“You know me, Rogers, I make up my mind way before anyone else is even thinking about it. That’s what being a futurist means,” Tony snapped. And as Steve started to reply, Tony kept cutting him off—their voices getting higher and louder the further they spiraled into a struggle for who would get to talk first.
“Yes, but he’s on a conference call and asked not to be disturbed—“
“So, Tony, what’s weighing you down?”
“Yeah—but you always look nice. Whereas I’m prone to wearing grease stained clothing for several days too long.” Tony reached up and undid Steve’s top button with a smirk. “You’re going to want something warmer and more comfortable.”
“And where exactly where you coming from, anyway?” he asked.
Instead, he threw him right into the middle of the Avengers Civil War.
“Yeah well, you can’t really keep up though, can you?”
“Is he in?” Steve asked, politely, saving his venom for Tiberius.
You gave me a home, Tony.
In fact, the last time he could clearly remember feeling this way was around Peggy.
But then his brain abruptly halted—wait. Did he and Steve have sex last night?
“Rhodey?”
Tony handed Steve the lube with his free hand. “Okay, I’m going to need you to work me open, okay? I’ll tell you if it hurts or if I need you to stop—but its easy, I promise.”
“Steve—I hate to break it to you, but I don’t think you see yourself accurately,” Sam finally said. Nat released a loud breath through her nose in agreement.
“He does?”
Despite the mild confidence that Pepper instilled in Tony by the end of their phone conversation, he let several months pass before even considering doing anything about his feelings.
“Hey, uh Tony?”
Tony couldn’t fathom why.
“Nah, that’s not necessary. My car is advanced enough to autopilot us home.”
“You’re stupid,” Tony said, but he was smiling.
“Afraid not, Tony.”
“No—it felt very good. At least, I think so? We were so close to one another, if I had leaned down just a bit we could have kissed. It felt electric, but I think I was reading it incorrectly, because then Tony practically jumped across the couch away from me and started shoving food into his mouth. And then he kicked me out,” Steve rambled, barely breathing between words as it all tumbled out. Bucky smirked—Steve had always been like this about people he got feelings for—giddy and excitable as a teenager.
He was about to shove his hands into his pant pockets, a vain attempt to appear casual despite the anxiety surging through his body, when Steve reached out to hold his hand as they walked. Steve smiled shyly over at him, blushing again, and god could Tony get used to that blush. He would dedicate the rest of his life to finding ways to make Steve blush—it was beautiful.
And with one final mighty blast of lightning, Steve evaporated the few remaining Chitauri and smugly tossed Stormbreaker back at Thor. Perhaps the morning had put Steve in a good mood, too, Tony wondered. Or hoped. Hoped and wondered. He landed with a thud in front of them, Bruce’s large green body landing with a louder thud afterward, Natasha in his arms. She jumped down to the ground and dusted herself off, surveying the area, and letting out a whistle.
Nothing.
“Yeah, alright. I get it, snookums, you have lives to save or something like that. Thank you. I’ll do my best,” he replied, hanging up the phone and tossing it on the desk. He went back to bouncing the tennis ball off the wall as he racked his brain for the ideal gift.
He hastily stood up and excused himself to go put his dishes in the sink. Nat was hot on his heels, observant as ever, and setting her things in the sink next to his. They kept their backs to the dining room table, Steve trying to regain his composure, and Nat wanting to keep this brief moment private. She placed her hand over his, looking up at him with sincerity.
“Thanks Nat.”
Steve choked on the air in his lungs—how did Rhodey know? He knew Nat and Bucky were aware—mostly because he had confided in them, but they had noticed before that, too—but Rhodey? That was too dangerous—Tony’s best friend of a lifetime, knowing?—no thanks. He suspected Bruce knew too, but thankfully Professor Hulk knew to keep things to himself when it wasn’t his place.
They break away, foreheads resting together. Breathless.
“You’re high.”
“Tony, you’re doing that thing where you’re speaking so fast all your words are running together, so I need you to clue me in on what you actually mean, okay?”
She must have seen his shaking hand because the next thing he knew she was kneeling in front of him, holding his face in her hands, with a serious expression. Steve mentally cursed himself—he knew better than to be so telling, because now she would take this burden on herself and that was the last thing he wanted. Hadn’t he caused enough pain?
“Okay—yeah. Yeah, maybe you’re right. But I don’t care—I’ve been in tabloids for decades. There’s nothing they can say about me that they haven’t said before. I’m worried about Steve—how he’ll feel about what they say—how some people react. Bigotry hasn’t been eradicated yet.”
Rhodey sat there, staring at Tony evenly, giving his words considerable thought. Something in his eyes told Tony he knew—or had an inkling. He secretly hoped Rhodey would play coy. Maybe for once he would not call Tony out on his shit. Tony was not certain he was capable of stating it explicitly. If Rhodey asked—would the name leave his lips? It was only earlier today that Tony had decided his attraction may mean a little more than thinking Steve had a nice ass—that there might be legitimate feelings attached. This was a fresh idea. One that Tony had yet to explore every aspect of and one that felt scary. Saying Steve’s name out loud—admitting that it was him—it made it real. Tangible. More than just a thought that Tony could bury away if need be. It let someone else in on the secret—which also made it more likely the information could slip out.
Yeah, no, that’s too much. Especially since he had no proof that he was the problem, but he couldn’t help but see the facts in front of him. And they pointed his way.
This secret workshop had originally been made for things such as making new tech that should never be found if the compound got raided—especially after the Accords. It could even serve as a hideout if an attack was launched on the compound—a safe space for non-superheroes to take cover. In its design and creation, Tony never imagined that he would be using it to hide from Steve after passionately kissing him under mistletoe.
She had a point. He took a sip.
He sat there on the grass, watching Peter twirl and spin Morgan around, the air filled with their laughter and he felt whole. For the first time in years, he felt whole, genuinely happy, and a renewed sense of purpose blossomed in his chest. The emptiness that had been weighing him down for months slid away. Suddenly, he felt peace. Tony had always supposed that these moments of revelation—when one truly let something go, a grudge or a burden they’d decided to carry—would be momentous, earth shattering—but instead, it came slowly and softly, here in the grass while he watched his daughter play with Peter.
She got up, unceremoniously dropping a nicely wrapped package in Sam’s lap with a smirk on her face. He unwrapped it to reveal an Ella Fitzgerald ‘Best Hits’ vinyl record—his face lit up.
“Ugh, don’t go being all romantic on me when I want to complain,” she whined, but she was beaming a beautiful smile his way.
“Yeah, I know. That’s why you’re lucky I like you, because if I didn’t, I would still be having sex right now.”
“Look,” Tony slurred. “I couldn’t…m’not…nevermind.”
But now, in this world he lived in, that was never something he hoped for. That man went down in the ice. A different one woke up.
Tony sat there, quietly appraising him. He should have known that Ty wanted to jump in bed with him the second he heard about his divorce. That’s what users and takers did—they used, they took.
He actively decided to ignore the swirl of anxious energy Steve’s purposeful gaze gave him just seconds earlier.
“Kid, it’s fine,” Steve said, clasping his hand on Peter’s shoulder and smiling at him. “You’re only a few minutes late and dinner just got put on the table anyway.”
“He’s here,” was all he said.
“Okay,” he said softly.
“Okay,” Steve whispered, tentatively bracing himself for the worst. Hell hath no fury like an angry Natasha.
“You’re off your game Stevie,” Bucky teased, still bouncing around as he waited for Steve to retaliate. “What’s wrong?”
Tony checked the clock—it was 8P.M.—six hours since he had locked himself away. And just as he was about to dwell on how surprising it was that no one had come to check on him yet, there was a knocking on the door. The blacked out windows prevented him from seeing who was outside, but thankfully Friday chimed in: “Steve is waiting outside, asking to be let in.” Tony’s heartbeat increased significantly at the idea of being alone in a room with Steve, but he had a hard time parsing out if it was giddiness or anxiety. Oh well—he would have to chance it on being the good kind of nervousness.
Steve and Tony finally go on their first official date. And their night ends with passion.
“Don’t be sorry,” he chuckled. “Let’s get you to bed.”
“Here, you look like you need a drink,” Nat said, shoving a cocktail of some sort into Steve’s hands.
So, alcohol seemed like a good middle ground. Still alive, pain numbed.
“This is the part where you get to shut the fuck up, Stone. What you did is vile—disgusting—something only the most morally depraved people do. You blackmailed a man you claim to love—a man who has saved your ass more times than anyone can count. Someone who has been so generous with you, you could never repay him. And the worst part—this is only a small drop in the bucket of all the abuse you’ve put him through all these years,” Steve snarled. He wasn’t yelling, but he had mastered the art of being menacing without raising his voice.
“Uhhhhh,” Peter replied, mouth muffled by a forkful of pancakes. He swallowed, hard. “Well. You see—he said he worked for you and uh. Well, I thought he was a good guy. Another prodigy of yours.”
“Fair point, but,” Tony sighed. “Rhodey, you know this is different. What? It is. It is. Because we’re the Avengers—we’re on a team—we have a…complicated history. And that’s putting it lightly. And—well, Cap isn’t exactly from this decade, even. He didn’t grow up—I mean—I know he isn’t homophobic, he isn’t capable of that kind of thing. But—I’m pretty sure he’s straight. Like, ninety percent sure, anyway. He’s only ever brought women around—and by that I mean Sharon anyway, because it took years for him to even get over Peggy—and.”
“I’m just saying, there might be hope, that not everything has to be ruined even if things are different,” Peter said, standing up. Tony stood up too, and before Peter could react, he pulled him into a tight hug.
“I admitted it to my AA group today—the ugly truth—that I haven’t been in love with Pep for…awhile,” he started. “And it made me feel slimy. Like a failure—as a husband and a father.”
“Yes, love?” he asked, sitting up straighter and closing the book.
“I’m glad you think so.”
Before Tiberius could react, Steve had crossed the room and his right fist landed smack in the middle of his face. When he pulled his hand back, Tiberius’ nose was pouring blood and he was screaming.
“O-oh, Tony,” he gasped, resting his forehead in the crook of Tony’s neck.
Steve looked like he might combust for a second before he started speaking.
Approximately an hour later, Tony had five Whiskey sours in his system, and Tiberius Stone in his bed back at the compound. They were lying side-by-side, on their backs, giggling like school children. Tony had just forced them to perform the classic high school mission of sneaking back into one’s room. And with Tony drunk off his ass, Ty tipsy, and Tony swearing they could not be seen by a single soul—the mission had gone anything but smoothly.
In his darkest moments over the last month, Tony had seriously considered what it would be like to end his suffering. The severe pain he felt every waking moment—every sober moment—was something he desperately wanted to stop. But not being present to see Morgan grow up—not being there if the Avengers needed him—stopped him every time.
An Assemble.
Moments later Tony and Peter burst through the doors and into the kitchen. Tony held his arms out like a faux savior.
“What? I don’t think I’ve shared it with the class yet. You know what—even if I have—fuck it. Yeah, Buckaroo over there murdered my parents. What a trip, right? God—I can only imagine how furious Howard would be now. Me, housing his murderer and an ex-Hydra operative,” Tony laughed darkly.
“Tony…” Steve started. “If you need anything…Please. Let me know.”
Thank you for reading! I promise, while it is still a bumpy road ahead, it starts looking up from here. And the next chapter will have some very soft Tony and Steve moments together.
“Steve?” Tony’s voice broke him out of his artistic flow. He looked up to see him standing on the outskirts of the living room, a blanket in hand, and his hair stuck up in every direction possible. Steve knew that look immediately.
Tony had been having a pretty good run for the last month—minus his reckless battle behavior, but he chose not to think about that much—so it made sense it would eventually all go to shit. Thankfully, this time Peter had already gone home before it started to unfold.
Despite not having a drop of alcohol, Tony felt drunk on his emotions.
“Of course I am!” Peter exclaimed, stealing her out of Tony’s arms and spinning her around as she giggled uncontrollably. Tony was certain his heart was going to explode from the warmth and cuteness of it all.
“They’ve got endless energy, huh?” Steve asked, nodding towards the kids.
And as if struck by a lightning bolt, Tony jolted and tried to sit up again despite the pain.
The Accords.
“You’re a fantastic father to Morgan. You’re an amazing friend and teammate to all of us here. You’re there for every single person in your life at the drop of a hat. Are you a stubborn and sassy pain in the ass? Of course, but that’s part of why we love you,” she laughed.
The further Steve spiraled into the cycle of shame for how he hurt Tony, the faster he ran, as if his pace could help him outrun his regrets.
“I love you too, Tony.”
“I suggest you talk to him tomorrow,” Rhodey said. “He needs the space. Trust me.”
“Look—Tones, I barely talk to the guy. But I’ve seen the way Steve looks at you whenever you’re not looking at him. And while I think you need to take things slow—hello, recent divorcee—I also think that if you just…trust your instincts around him, you’ll be pretty happy with the results.”
“You’re right. I’m exhausted anyway,” he said. “Alright ladies and gents, it has been a wonderful evening, but I’m off to sleep for ten, maybe twelve, hours.”
He sucked in a sharp breath.
“You’re not an idiot, but you’re acting like one,” she replied, rubbing her temples and closing her eyes. “Now, you know I love you, but I think it is time for some tough love, okay?”
“Ouch, Pepper, my heart. You have wounded me,” Tony moaned, feigning pain and gripping his chest.
When he looked extremely unconvinced, she continued.
“A Pavlovo Posad shawl—how did you know, Scott? I lost the one from my family years ago when I was taken to the Red Room. Thank you,” Nat whispered, mesmerized by the fabric in her hands. “It is beautiful—I love it.”
Steve regretted how easily all of his friends saw through him.
Before he could have second thoughts, he slipped into his room and shut the door in Steve’s face.
Instantly, Nat and Bucky switched off the assassin portion of their brains and stepped fully into their ‘Steve’s best friends and protectors’ shoes. Bucky sat up, idly rubbing his neck from Nat’s attack, and she crossed the ring to rub Steve’s arm sympathetically.
“You’re a good friend, Nat. They’d be lost without you—not just for this, for everything,” Bucky said, leaning across the mattress and holding her hand in his.
“Don’t be preposterous, Rogers. Every color is my color,” he teased.
“The fuck are you nervous for?” Bucky said, earning a deadly glare from Nat but he continued on. “You guys are finally done tiptoeing around this shit, its real—what’s the problem?”
“Hey, it’s gonna be okay. It’s just me and you—together, yeah?” Tony said, giving Steve the most reassuring look he could manage while also languidly stroking their erections.
“Mmm, sure, whatever you say, Cap.”
“Tony, not everyone stays in love forever. You’ve said it before, Pepper fell out of love too, and none of that falls on only one person. You two are co-parenting beautifully. Your friendship is intact. You’ll always love each other, maybe not the way you intended, and that’s okay.”
The gala was on the rooftop of the Stark Industries tower—just as extravagant as every other year. Countless benefactors and potential investors with pockets so deep Mary Poppins would be jealous were in attendance. This was the first year the gala was back after everything that happened with Thanos, the Time Heist.
“I’m glad you took my wardrobe suggestion,” Nat said, appearing behind him out of nowhere. Tony jumped slightly and gave her a playful frown. “The black suit with the crimson shirt and black tie—quite literally a perfect look on you.”
Tony could not help but swoon.
He rolls over, laying beside Tony, who cradles his face and gives him messy kisses. They lazily clean up their mess, whispering sweet nothings, and lulling into sleep in one another’s arms.
“It is a beautiful day outside,” Steve commented in between bites.
“Yeah, Tony?”
“Man I hate to break it to you,” Bucky interrupted. “But Nat and I let each other down at least once a week, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t worth it.”
“Turns out I’m not totally useless in the kitchen, Cap. I’m just as surprised as you are,” Tony joked, winking.
“It isn’t your fault.”
“Well…that went about as well as I expected,” Bruce said, shrugging.
Steve promptly dropped down to sit next to him, flashing Tony a smile before looking over at Peter and Morgan racing around. Tony’s heart was pounding loudly in his ears. He was certain that his crush was painfully obvious, especially now with Steve sitting so close that their knees were touching, and that Steve would notice any second and run away.
“My mother was a coward and an opportunist. She married Howard for the money and was shit at raising a kid. I think I could have ended up liking her because we started to get along when I became an adult, but I can’t know for sure. Because she died when I was twenty-one,” Tony snapped, glancing over at Bucky with fire burning in his eyes.
Tony blinked slowly as he eased into consciousness. His eyelids felt heavy and his body was numb. When the blurriness faded from his eyes he became acutely aware as to why—he was in one of the hospital beds back at the Avengers Compound in the infirmary. The heart monitor steadily beeped in the background and there was an I.V. in his arm.
“Alright well, Bucky said that my crush wouldn’t be on a dating app and I just don’t understand that. I don’t have a crush?” he said, but the last part felt like a question. He was not aware of a crush, but it seemed that everyone else was.
“You know what I mean.”
It was the first time Tony realized that the pain in his hip and leg was completely gone. That must have meant that while he was unconscious Bruce put him through the regeneration technology Cho had developed. His hand shot down to grab at his side—the wound was indeed gone—and he could not restrain the sigh of relief that escaped. God he loved modern technology and how it vastly improved medicine. And god he loved Bruce—he made a mental note to thank him later.
Rhodey mumbled something under his breath that Tony didn’t catch.
“Isn’t it?” She raised her eyebrows. “I mean—a bit. It sort of is. You two, rallying together, coming together finally. In this way. It kind of is.”
Steve looked startled, but Tony continued before he could respond.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony stopped, he had to ground himself before going forward.
Steve carefully laid Tony onto the bed, positioning himself over him and reaching out to stroke his cheek with his thumb. Tony’s lips parted as he let out an enamored sigh—he found it unbelievable that someone wanted to be this slow and gentle with him. His entire life he was used to people being fast, rough, and painfully needy—and that did not only apply to activities in the bedroom. Tony knew that Steve, despite his muscular physique and power on the battlefield, was soft. He had seen him play with Morgan, save a puppy from being stuck in a fence—he knew Steve was gentle, but he had not foreseen that coming into play here.
“I could say the same thing,” Tony huffed out. And then Steve was kissing him again, very slowly, to the point that it was almost agonizing. He wasn’t sure if that was Steve’s intention, to be torturously slow, but he figured it was worth it to savor every second of this experience. The arousal in his groin started begging for attention, causing him to begin rutting against Steve desperately. They both gasped into the kiss when their bulges brushed against each other.
“Just because we’re in a relationship now, doesn’t mean I’m his keeper,” Tony grumbled, fiddling with his cufflinks. Pepper smirked.
Steve’s hands were splayed out on his hips, steady and gripping tightly. A shiver ran down Tony’s spine and straight to his groin as he suddenly became aware of how prominent his arousal was. Tony was never one to blush in the face of debauchery—but this was Steve, this was very much so different—and when they broke their kiss for air, Tony felt his face redden under Steve’s gaze. But Steve’s pupils were blown wide, his lips swollen—the look on his face was anything but innocent.
The next few days were fuzzy and mostly full of countless hours of sleep on Tony’s part. His dosage of Fentanyl was slowly being lowered per Bruce’s recommendation, but even the lower doses knocked him out. This was for the better, because the few times he did gain consciousness, he was overcome with pain and discomfort. For several days in a row Steve stayed by his side, overcome by guilt, and feeling responsible to make sure Tony made it through this.
Nat sighed.
Thank you to everyone who continues to support me and this fic. We only have a couple more chapters after this and things are going to really start heating up soon! Stay tuned.
Tony led them out of the gallery, locking up before starting to walk down the street, Steve curiously following behind with a confused look on his face. It would be easy to let him in on the plan—they were just going to dinner now, after all—but Steve’s confused look was too cute to get rid of. They were heading to Bamonte’s, one of the older classic Italian restaurants in Brooklyn, that also happened to be right down the street from the gallery. Tony was nothing if not a strategic planner when he wanted to be.
And there it was—it struck Steve like Mjolnir right in the chest. His mouth gaped wide open.
He was also aware that his prideful tendencies really had no place in this room. But sometimes he just couldn’t help himself.
Steve led the way to the top of the hill, Morgan sitting on his shoulders and chattering away. She was asking Steve hundreds of questions about what it was like being Captain America, the Avengers, and every in between. Tony slung an arm around Peter’s shoulders and kept him close as they walked up the path. This was never how Tony imagined his evening going, but now that is was happening he couldn’t think of a better way to end the day.
“Yeah, well, maybe he just feels bad for giving me so much hell for the language comment,” Steve mumbled, drinking more beer hoping it would wash away the semi-permanent blush on his cheeks.
“Can I kiss you?” Steve asked. And Tony frowned deeper, wondering why Steve would ask in a time like this, but then he vividly remembered how he ran away last time and nodded.
Steve rode his vintage Harley-Davidson Street 750 that Tony had gifted him back in 2012 all the way into the city. He hoped the ride would calm him down, but instead it only gave him more time to ruminate on what had been done to Tony. The longer he thought about how vile a person would have to be to blackmail someone—someone you claimed to love, that had been your friend for decades—simply because they would not continue to sleep with you—Steve could not fathom the thinking behind that decision. And on top of that, Ty knew what Tony had been going through—he knew about the alcoholism, going to AA, the divorce—and he still made the choice to kick him while he was down. By the time Steve reached the city his blood was boiling with a righteous fury.
“Oh come on, you? Not doing something interesting? I highly doubt that—especially with how talented you are with a pencil,” Tony replied, plopping down on the sofa next to him. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes as he breathed out a long sigh.
“Well, he’s clearly not okay,” Rhodey sighed.
“It’s okay Tones,” Rhodey replied. He reached over and patted Tony’s knee. “Sobriety is not always a linear journey. We understand. I don’t think any of us are angry with you. This stuff isn’t meant to be easy.”
“Alright Pep—whatever you say. But when I get rejected and am crying for weeks on end, you’re going to have to clean up your mess.”
Steve’s cheeks flushed and he backed away quickly.
Tony sucked in a sharp breath of air.
The desperation in his eyes made it impossible for Steve to deny his request. “Of course.”
“Fair. But I did lose it on my own terms,” Tony laughed.
“Uncle Steve!” she giggled. “Guess what?”
His mouth was cotton. His stomach was in excruciating pain. He knew he could numb the hangover with more alcohol, but his personal stash in his room was out, and he almost felt he deserved to feel the symptoms.
He had a hard time believing he belonged in this group.
“I apologize—I did not realize it would open up a wound. I had thought he and Steve had reconciled,” Thor replied, frowning. It was apparent he felt guilt as if it were genuinely his fault.
Steve’s mouth hung open and words failed to form. It was as if he short-circuited. He was left sputtering instead. He was never entirely sure when Tony was joking or flirting with him. But this instance definitely felt like flirting. And if the amusement on Nat’s face and her raised eyebrows were any indication—he was right.
He closed his eyes and it all came rushing back to him.
Part of him yearned for the days when everything wasn’t so serious—before Afghanistan, before learning of Obie’s betrayal, before the Avengers. He knew it was morally reprehensible to feel this way. He knew the person he used to be was selfish, often cruel, and reckless. But he couldn’t help but desire for things to be easy again. He just wanted a break—who could blame him? Was that wrong?
“It isn’t,” he stressed.
“What? You’re not understanding, I’m trying to apologize, because all of this is my fault. I failed you as a leader and—“
(See the end of the chapter for
Something in the far back corner of Tony’s brain said this was not a good idea. It was the same voice he easily silenced back in the restaurant over an hour ago. But now the alcohol all but drowned it out.
Maybe I’ve not been the only one feeling weighed down.
So, maybe a home and a family still mattered to him after all.
“Thor, it’s not your fault Tony’s a jealous child about some things,” she said. Bucky finally looked up from the floor and gave Steve a pointed look.
“Yes, Cap?” Tony snapped back. He did not need a pep talk right now as he hurled through the sky as fast as the suit would accommodate. He had to get there. He had to make sure Pepper and Morgan were safe.
He slotted his leg between Steve’s and put pressure against the growing hardness that was there. Steve could not help himself but to rut against the feeling a few times before leaning down to kiss Tony again. The feeling of their lips together was sweeter than heaven—it was everything Steve had hoped for and more. He made a point of drinking in the moment so that he could remember it forever.
But instead of getting a response from Steve, Nat launched herself onto Bucky’s shoulders from behind. Her thighs tightened around his head as she used the momentum, twisting her body to the side, to flip him over onto his back. She rolled away and jumped back to her feet, dusting off her legs with a smirk.
Tony knew he should not have had so many glasses of wine—everyone else only had a single glass or no wine at all. But he was past the point of embarrassment—he was desperate to numb the pain he was feeling.
Tony’s words from earlier still stung.
“Rhodey Bear! I am so happy to hear your voice,” Tony sang. “Why must you sound so snippy? We haven’t talked in weeks. Don’t you miss me?”
“Tired already, old man?” Tony chided.
The living room was decorated to the nines—glistening lights hanging, a fully ornament clad massive green tree served as the centerpiece to all the festive décor. It smelled like cinnamon and fresh baked pie. Outside it was snowing, as if the weather gods had conspired with Scott and Sam to make this evening as picturesque as possible. The fireplace in the corner was roaring with a real crackling fire—the room managing to be comfortably warm and not too overwhelming.
Hearing Tony sound like that cracked his heart in two and hallowed scooped out every good feeling he had ever experienced. Saying no was not an option—despite the way it made something at the base of his spine swirl.
God, he loved her so much.
“The bed’s big enough—you can—“
“And I loved sharing it with you. Thank you—uh, thank you for wanting to be apart of it,” Tony replied, his own cheeks finally going red from the sweetness of Steve’s words and the intensity of his blue eyes locked on him. The elevator dinged and opened up to the main floor hallway and Tony mustered up some semblance of courage, grabbing onto Steve’s hand, and leading him towards his suite. His heart was thudding in his ears and he was pretty sure his palms were sweaty, but if they were, Steve took pity on him and didn’t mention it.
“Wait a minute!” he yelled, pointing.
A shaky gasp escaped Steve’s lips as their erections brushed together. Tony relished seeing him like this—Steve Rogers, the man who usually had a tight lid on himself, being completely undone. It was mesmerizing.
“Tones, I’ve hated that guy forever. Back in college all he did was use and abuse you for sex and popularity.”
I woke up in a different world than the one I left. I was so lost, but then I found you, and I was given a home. With you, the team—you all became my family.
Sam laughed again and Steve felt extremely left out of the joke.
“It isn’t your call this time, Rogers!” Tony yelled. He couldn’t restrain the anger and panic that was gripping at his throat.
By the next morning Steve had decided to let Bucky’s comment go and not hyper fixate on it anymore. It all felt like too much of an inside joke Sam, Nat, and Bucky were playing on him and he did not want to encourage it. Instead, Steve spent the majority of his Sunday helping Wanda and Thor clean up the living and dining rooms for Family Dinner.
Peter’s snickering took him out of the moment.
He looked up from his daughter to see Pepper standing awkwardly just inside the door—she gave him a small smile.
It was the most socializing he had seen Tony do in week and it made his heart soar.
Steve was surprised to see Tony already at the Sunday night Family Dinner when he arrived. Tony was always late and Steve was always early—but tonight he had him beat. And on top of that, he was helping Carol and Bucky prepare dinner.
Well, successful was tenuous at best.
“Steve,” Sam said, exasperated. He set the glass down and leaned forward on the kitchen’s island, to give Steve a stern look in the eyes, as he stood on the other side. “You’re a hopeless romantic at heart. You went into the water in love with Peggy and woke up alone. You’re lonely because you miss romantic companionship. I’m not an idiot—you kissed Sharon right in front of me.”
He knew that their fight was not about Bucky, but about Steve’s lie and by proxy—his betrayal.
Tony locked the door behind them and ushered them over to the far left corner. It took a total of two seconds for Steve to realize what was displayed on the walls—it was his art. A collection of his best sketches and paintings were perfectly hung up in a real art gallery—in Brooklyn, no less. There were sketches of the New York skyline, Avengers Tower, the Iron Man armor, paintings of Bucky and Nat dancing, Morgan sledding down a snow covered hill on his shield—it was all of his best work.
He helped turn Tony around and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, steering him down the hall and back into his room. Tony trembled under Steve’s touch. He was seconds away from coming apart at the seams—the images of his nightmare still haunting him in his waking moments. But Steve’s soothing voice, his gentle touch, his constant reassurances as they walked back to his room—slowly he became grounded again. This was real. This was reality. The atrocities of his nightmare were just that—a nightmare. Not real. This was real. Steve was alive. Steve was okay. Steve was here.
Steve finally caught him staring. He smiled widely and knowingly.
“Thank you, Sam,” Bucky said. He gave his Secret Santa his gift—he had gotten Thor and gave him a special Wakandan polish that Shuri made to keep Stormbreaker clean. “She makes this stuff for my arm. So I figured it would be good to use on your giant axe, too.”
The sound of his own running steps against the ground felt overwhelming. His heart ached for the loss of his friend Clint. The plan had been to bring everyone back, not lose someone else in the process. It was bittersweet—but it always mostly felt bitter to lose a soldier—a friend.
“Sobriety?” he asked, turning to Tony and feigning surprise. “Tony, I had no idea.”
And after Pepper called it all made sense to him. He was devastated on Tony’s behalf. And furious on his behalf, too.
Bucky looked unimpressed, face flat and arms crossed. It made Steve bristle, knowing that his friend could read him easily and see through his empty words. And it made him disappointed in himself—that he could not see himself in any high esteem the way his friends did. He knew it was a constant point of frustration, for Bucky and Nat specifically, that no compliments or encouragement got through to him. Steve knew he was strong—a great soldier and a capable leader for the Avengers and a good friend. But when it came to romance, dating, his appeal to someone like Tony—Steve found himself lacking any confidence or certainty.
Nat gently, but with strength behind her movements, pushed Tony back down. There was some sort of amusement dancing in her eyes, but he was too high to put a finger on it.
“What about your mother, Bruce?” Thor asked, slowly making his way around the room.
“Oh—I’m so sorry.”
“Hello—everyone—thanks for coming tonight,” Tony started, able to dawn his usual charismatic and charming persona despite the near anxiety attack just seconds ago. “We’re here to celebrate many of the recent accomplishments of the Avengers.”
“I fuck everything up when it comes to romance, you know that. You’ve been with me through almost all of it. My only successful long-term relationship ended in divorce.” Tony ran a shaking hand through his hair and let out a loud sigh. “And I can’t mess this up, not with him.”
“No, uh, Friday told me you were in here—and I couldn’t sleep, but everyone else is—and I thought, maybe I could join you?” he asked, sheepishly holding up a sketchbook and charcoal pencils.
“Well, Stevie, punching Stone and making him fix his own mess it badass. Not making a move on Tony, even though you have had feelings for him since I can remember, is stupid. Actually, it is also stupid that you are questioning whether you were picking up on the signals correctly or not.”
It was beautiful—it was perfect. And everything that either one of them had ever hoped for.
Morgan was over for the weekend and Peter had dropped by to see her and Tony, too. The three of them were wreaking havoc outside in the play area Tony had built for her—complete with a swing set, slide, and plenty of room to run around.
When Tony walked in, his breath was genuinely taken away. In all his life he had never celebrated Christmas quite like this—with Avengers family, at maximum Christmas cheer. Growing up with Howard and Maria, the holidays were barely celebrated, and usually only because Jarvis went out of his way to make Tony feel special. And all the Christmases celebrated with Pepper, and then Pepper and Morgan, had been lovely but simple and small. But this Christmas felt like the ones seen in the movies—big, beautiful, but full of love.
Apparently out loud, because Steve laughed. “Good thing I can still leave marks on you, then.”
Tony scoffed in agreement, his posture relaxing ever so slightly. And though he was not sure what was going to happen next, he felt peace with what he said, and he felt lighter as a result.
“One of us has to accept a damn apology, Rogers,” Tony laughed, blinking away the tears in his eyes.
Approximately a week later, Tony decided to trust his instincts while simultaneously terrified of rejection.
Generally speaking, Steve was giddy with optimism, but seeing Tony consumed by darkness wrecked him. A black cloud hung over him by proxy. He just wanted to help but Tony wanted the opposite. It was equally frustrating and devastating.
Pepper and Tony had agreed that while they finalized the divorce, and he sorted out his alcoholism, that Morgan would spend most of her time with her mother and Happy. Weekly visitations at the compound became the easiest arrangement. They had settled on telling Morgan that Tony’s absence was due to being busy with Avengers work and missions.
It made him panic to see his own demons reflected in the faces of the others in the room.
Steve opened and closed his mouth a few times, like a fish out of water. “I—“
“Ouch, Romanoff, words hurt.”
“I could really use a drink,” he snapped back, bristling. That at least garnered a chuckle from a few others in the room. Adam, not so much.
“Fuck off, yes you did,” Nat interrupted. “It has been an international news story. If you knew about the divorce, which you did and that is how you weaseled your way into his bed, then you knew about the sobriety.”
Their individual reluctance to be the one to initiate the next step was not born out of a toxic masculinity need for competition or appearances—but rather, they both could feel the extreme weight of what this next move meant. Years of tension and deeply buried feelings hung in the air between them. This next step threatened to unravel everything—it would cause the walls they had strategically built up to come crashing down—and maybe that was a good thing.
and he wanted to make the call.
Finally, Peter looked over at Steve and Tony with the same goofy, amazed expression on his face. It was clear that the kid had only ever lived in the city and never got to see Christmas decorating to this degree. That had been the point of it all—yes, Tony wanted to surprise the rest of the team and spoil them since Sam and Scott decided to make this such a big deal this year—but it was really all for Peter. The kid had not grown up with much in his life and Tony was determined to spoil and amaze him whenever he could.
“You didn’t need to do that.”
And when Bucky asked Steve the same questions—why he had not made a move yet—Steve’s answers were the same. Tony needed more time settling into sobriety. Tony needed more time between recently getting divorced and going out on a date with someone new.
When Tony looked down and saw Steve’s expression his breath caught in his throat. What had he ever done to deserve such steadfastness from him? Steve was a man with a heart of gold, but even so, this was something more than that—Tony could admit that much. And Steve would not lie to Tony, not again, and not about something this significant.
“I do, Tony. I’ve known you since we were children shipped away to boarding school together,” Tiberius laughed. “You don’t love yourself so you find it bizarre to even consider that someone else might.”
“I’ll try my best,” Steve laughed, leaning back and settling in next to Tony on the couch. He put his feet up on the ottoman in front of them and let out a contented sigh.
“Okay,” Rhodey said, patiently listening to each word. That was always the best part about Rhodey, Tony thought, how well he listened even though he feigned impatience. When it actually came down to it, Rhodey was the best listener. He was attentive, patient, and compassionate.
“Stupid, I know,” Nat continued. “But now that’s hardly the point. So, he’s always been jealous and then you and this man, who not only murdered his parents, but stole you away from him tag team jump him in Siberia—nearly kill him—I mean. Yeah, that’s a hard wound to stitch up after one good conversation.”
“I love you too, Tony,” he whispered.
Little did he know that as he raced to help Tony off the spaceship the night Carol brought him and Nebula back to earth, with each footstep forward, that desire unthawed. By the time he held Tony in his arms it was a roaring flame in his chest.
“So, you and Barnes—you ever get jiggy with it back in the day?”
Tony was seething with anger.
Tony evaded the subject.
“Hey—Tony taught me how to use mine, thank you,” Steve shot back. “Speaking of, so. I went and punched Stone in the face—“
“Okay,” Steve agreed, eyes narrowing in suspicion.
“Why do you think it happened, Tony?” Adam’s voice sounded muffled.
“You’re kidding me right?” Bucky chuckled, but when Tony looked clueless he continued. “Ohhh, you really don’t know, do you? Steve thinks the world of you.”
He buried his face in his hands—unable to escape the things that Bucky’s words had stirred inside of him. Hearing the way Steve spoke about him when he was not around fueled a fire that had been burning bright in his chest for a long time now.
“Due limonate al basilico, per favore.”
It was taking Tony longer than he expected to work up the courage to go talk to Steve.
Steve snorted.
“Whatever suits your fancy, Cap,” Tony hummed.
“I can’t believe they’re late to the lunch they invited us to,” Bucky complained, mindlessly scooting his glass of water around on the table.
“Oh god—Thor, I’m sorry, we didn’t realize,” Steve said, reaching over to hold onto his friend’s shoulder in a sign of support. They were sat on the opposite side of the couch away from where Tony sat with Rhodey to his left and Bucky and Nat to his right. Bruce, of course, sat in his special Hulk sized chair adjacent to the couch.
He was exhausted.
Tony could not hold back the laughter that erupted from his chest—the entire team had caught Steve and Thor’s exchange over the coms. Joy was bubbling in his chest—which was an odd feeling to experience in the middle of a fight—but he had not been able to shake his high spirits since he woke up.
If there was one lesson Tony had reluctantly learned in life, it was that easier was rarely better.
His chest felt tight.
“Where is he? Where is Stane?” Tony questioned, his hands clasped on Pepper’s shoulders, forcing her to focus.
“What should I wear tonight?” Steve was grateful Tony could not see the red blush of embarrassment on his face.
He dissolved into a fit of laughter with Ty. The feeling of Ty’s lips against his was natural—this was something they had always done. This was the part of their friendship they were the best at. They fumbled around, shucking off their clothes, eager to feel skin on skin.
Tony’s thoughts spiraled pretty quickly the longer he laid there alone, head pounding, stomach aching. The false happiness that the alcohol provided had faded away hours ago. And now he was left grappling with the reality of his life—his failure to keep his marriage together. His mind played a reel of the worst moments between him and Pepper over the last year. With each argument or struggle, Tony’s mind was an expert at finding him at fault.
Tony started chattering on about the characters and the world they lived in, helping Steve get up to speed, and looking the most excited Steve had seen him in a long time. The affection he felt towards Tony started blossoming inside his chest again and he was reminded why Bucky had convinced him to go on a date with Sharon. After four days in a row of Steve camping out next to Tony’s hospital bed Bucky practically dragged him away and told him to get himself together.
Tony stared at Bucky—mouth hanging open in awe and cheeks burning red. His brain was repeating what he had just heard over and over and over again. He was not a stranger to men and women fawning over him. And even though his ego was usually just an act, he knew that people tended to feel a draw towards him. But for some strange reason he never expected that to happen to Steve. In the best moments of their friendship, Tony had just assumed they were drawn together because of shared experiences—living the life of an Avenger was not something many people could relate to. But this new information, Bucky saying that Steve eagerly talked about him when he wasn’t around—and to his best friend of all people—had him euphoric. And a little baffled, if he was being honest.
He went into the bathroom, brushed his teeth, and washed his face. When he caught his own eyes in the mirror he froze.
“This isn’t like trying to rally everyone up before a battle, Nat.”
Later that evening, when he finally regained consciousness, Tony would try and remember the things that occurred. He was not sure how long it took the following events to happen, but it had to have happened in under a minute.
“It’s not cardboard,” Steve balked. “Promise.”
It was not that simple. Steve knew from personal experience that no one could save a man who did not want saving. This reality did very little to tame his superhero complex.
“Okay—that’s actually terrifying,” Sam mumbled.
“Yeah—something like that,” Tony responded, eyes glancing over at Steve who was busy chatting away with Scott and Sam.
“Hey,” Tony chuckled, reaching out to gently push strands of hair out of his face. “You’re beautiful in the morning.”
“Tony—you loved me with every ounce of yourself and gave our relationship everything it could be given. So, no, you do not get to pretend it did not work out because you were secretly in love with Steve Rogers the whole time. It didn’t work out because sometimes things just don’t,” Pepper said, now stern and reassuring. She was not going to budge—she was not going to let Tony spiral into another self-hatred space.
Ivonne walked them back to the furthermost booth tucked away in the corner, dimly lit, and quite cozy. They sat down and Tony automatically ordered a bottle of their finest wine.
A week later, Tony greeted Happy and Morgan outside the compound as they drove up for Morgan’s day visit with her dad. She ran into his arms and he stood up and spun her around.
But who could know for sure?
He kept eye contact with Steve while he playfully licked the length of his own palm. Then Tony reached down and wrapped his hand around both of their erections, holding them together and giving them a few languid strokes. Steve’s entire body shuttered at the sensation.
Three glasses in and Tony began to spiral into an existential pit of hopelessness again.
“Okay, okay!” Peter held his hands up in surrender. “I’m just sayiiiiing, it’s better to do something than wonder what would have happened. It’s better to do something before it’s too late. I mean—you’re both superheroes, you almost die all the time.”
It wasn’t until Tony reached to pour himself a glass of water that Peter noticed the glint of gold on his ring finger.
“Steve, I really need you to get your head out of your ass about this,” Natasha snapped.
When he finally looked away to observe the rest of his surroundings, he caught a glimpse of Steve walking up one of the many compound paths back up to the front door. It left his mouth before he could even think about it,
It made something coil tightly low in his belly—a new, fluttering feeling that was stronger than anything he had ever felt before—it was immediately addicting. God—he loved him.
“They’ve started? Aw man—come on Tony, we gotta go look,” Peter exclaimed, leaping to his feet and rushing outside with Steve and Tony close behind.
Steve closed his eyes—trying to locate the exact moment that he realized his feelings for the one and only Tony Stark. God—how did this happen?
Tony's darkness swallows him further and his friends attempt to help him out of it.
“Thanks Friday,” Steve said, entering the room balancing a tray of food, water, and coffee on one arm and closing the door with his free hand. “Tony?”
But Tony was never keen on pointing this out aloud because then that might mean Steve would stop wearing shirts that doubled as a second skin. And that would be a disservice to humanity, really, not just Tony’s ogling eyes. He unconsciously licked his lips while drinking in the view before him—how long had it been since he had sex?
“Steve?”
Obviously it wasn’t, because after he had apologized to Nat, Rhodey, and Steve he got an earful from the Black Widow about how he ‘wasn’t done giving out apologies’ for what happened. Bitterly, Tony had agreed that she was right and that he would figure out how to go about it. Which led him to where he was now—awkwardly standing outside the library doorway, fiddling with his hands and watching a James Barnes reading inside. He was sitting in a big armchair, his back to Tony and the doorway, book in his lap. Anxiety was swirling in his belly, because apparently even years later Tony feared Bucky’s power—both physically and in the importance he held in Steve’s life. Just as he concerned turning around and leaving, trying again another day, Bucky spoke up.
“I’m sorry,” he said, more definitively this time.
“I’m serious. Get out or I will actually let Natasha break your bones the way she wants to,” Tony replied. He stepped away from his lifelong friend and sat down on a stool on the other side of the island. “Get your things. Friday will call you a car. It will meet you outside.”
“But really—no grudges. We weren’t dating Tony, we were fucking. We did that dating thing in college and it failed miserably, remember?” Tony’s laugh confirmed that he did. “We were only ever good in bed together—really good at that, if I remember correctly.”
“I love your heart most of all. Your pure, selfless, loving heart. You are the best person I know Tony and I say that unflinchingly—I know you are with every fiber of my being,” Steve said, strong conviction in his tone. He looked up at Tony through his long lashes, jaw set with determination, and intensity burning in his blue eyes.
He wasn’t sure when Peter had snuck his way into his heart and set up shop, but whenever it happened he was instantly a goner. Peter had reminded him so much of himself as a kid, before the cruelty of life corrupted him—brilliant and eager to learn. Innocent and wide-eyed. He had reminded him of Harley, too, far too pure for this horrible world. Tony remembered his first instinct, once he had really gotten to know the kid, was a desire to shield him from all the bad things life had to offer.
“Who the fuck was that guy?” Steve asked, as he and Nat sat down for breakfast. And while the plate of food in front of him looked delicious, he had lost his appetite.
“Tony, if you were lonely,” Steve said, trying to bridge the emotional gap between the two of them. “You could have come to us.”
Bucky laughed, instantly catching on.
“Really? Mistletoe?” Tony chuckled.
“Oh—I think you’d be surprised at how good I am handling big ones,” Steve replied, a devilish smirk on his face as he turned to face his teammate. Thor stared at him but relented in laughter.
Steve finally loosened up and let out a laugh. He grabbed Nat’s hand off his knee and squeezed it back. Slight waves of relief washed over him and the guilty fire in his belly subsided.
For the most part, Steve stood at the edge of the crowd with Nat and Bucky—a quiet observer. He was not nearly as good at the public persona and schmoozing as Tony, Sam, and Pepper were. Even Thor seemed to be in his element, but that was likely due to his proclivity for showing off and being the center of attention.
Steve nodded, so Tony continued. “You put lube on your fingers and start, slowly, one by one inserting and moving to work me open, yeah?”
But before he could make another sarcastic remark, Steve was leaning down and his lips were moving against Tony’s. The rest of the world melted away and they melted into each other. Tony had always thought that if Steve initiated a kiss it would stun him—that he would freeze before finding his way into it—but that was not the case. No, the reality was that Tony had been dreaming about this moment for so long that the second he felt Steve’s soft lips on his he feverishly kissed him back without a moment’s hesitation.
Steve nodded.
“How did I go from getting congratulations to being insulted so fast?”
“Oh, what? You thought your little game was going to draw Tony in? Bring him here so you could have another chance to seduce him in person?” Steve growled. “Yeah-fucking-right. He said he was done with you—he meant it. “
“Cap—Steve, are you okay? I thought—this was a good thing?” he asked, hugging the much larger man and rubbing his back.
Steve crossed the room to stand right in front of Tony and it wasn’t until Steve’s fingers were gently wiping away tears that Tony realized he was crying. When did that happen? But Steve’s touch was gentle and it made his stomach flip—he leaned into it without meaning to and closed his eyes. He couldn’t run from this—not here—it was at the surface now, how he felt for Steve, his fear and feelings of unworthiness. It was time to deal with it all.
Regret was not something Steve ever bothered with—not since he landed in the ice. When he first woke up from it the regret of losing the life he had—Peggy, his friends—consumed him. But eventually he caught on, that a life dictated by regret, was not one worth living. He made a vow to himself not to become that person again.
And yet Tony stayed silent, completely still, a few tears still slipping down his cheeks.
Steve swallowed hard. He dropped a plate, so wrapped up in his memories of Tony’s be one-liners, that he clumsily fumbled with the dishes in his hand. The plate shattered on the wood floor and he looked up—horrified.
“Weeellllll,” Tony hummed.
“It is made from the finest Asgardian threads,” Thor explained. “I thought you deserved one that was made to fit you.”
“I’m just saying,” she continued. “You love each other. You’re all in this, Tony’s all in this. Hell, you two have both been wanting this for years—you’re going to be okay. Besides, what honestly would happen? He takes you to a fancy dinner and you pick up the wrong fork and he leaves you? Steve, you are not nearly as incompetent as you think you are and Tony is not at all judgmental like you’re freaking yourself out to believe he is—and you know he isn’t. You know he’s actually the most chill person on this team, at times.”
“Yeah—okay. Yeah,” Tony smiled, briefly squeezing Rhodey’s hand to make it clear he understood. “Thank you, Sweetiepie. I don’t know what I would do without you—really, you’re the love of my life.”
“Yes sir,” Friday’s voice echoed back.
The resting of the evening was full of Christmas cheer—a fantastic meal that Sam and Scott had catered in so no one had to worry about cooking, lots of laughter, and even a few rounds of card games like Go Fish. Towards the end of the evening Tony cuddled up to Nat on the couch and she stroked his hair, humming softly.
Tony’s public persona was faltering and Steve could see—even from across the room. Steve knew his anxious ticks and they were all at play right now—tapping foot, fidgeting hands, unable to make eye contact.
“You do know there is a Stark Industries gala coming up in a few weeks, right?” Nat asked, casually slipping it into conversation over breakfast as if Steve had not been thinking about the gala for months ahead of time.
He shifted in his seat, rendered quiet for the first time in a long time.
“Yeah,” he snapped, a little harsher than intended, as he stood up to discard the broken pieces.
“That you’re human too. That you’re not actually made out of iron and tech. You’re a person and people screw up. I screw up daily, I think.”
“But instead I can’t help it but be selfish and want this. All of it.”
“Okay.”
“Uh—sorry Tony. Got lost in thought,” Steve replied sheepishly.
The door to the restaurant opened and jingled the bell in the doorway. Steve and Tony sauntered in, entirely unbothered by their late arrival, hand in hand.
Rhodey burst into uncontrollable laughter. “Oh my god—I wasn’t even thinking about those times. God Tones—you’re hopeless. Helpless. I can’t believe it.”
“I’ve seen you kiss M.J. enough times for two lifetimes, kid, so you better get used to it,” Tony said. He ruffled Peter’s hair and Peter smacked his hands away.
“Tony—I—“
Steve plopped down on the picnic blanket and moved Morgan to sit in his lap. He reached for an apple and took a large bite out of it.
“Thank you,” he whispered. And in an attempt to save himself some face and change the subject, “What are you watching?”
The way he loved Peter had not been something he ever imagined for himself—truth be told, he had never wanted kids when imaging what his life would look like. He did not want to become his father—god, he didn’t—and he decided kids probably didn’t fit in with his lifestyle anyway. And then he found Peter, and he never expected to love him so deeply, but he did. And then Pepper got pregnant—they had not even been trying—but it felt right at the time. And Morgan was born and Tony could never imagine a life without her after.
“Yes, Pepper and I are monsters. I can’t believe we make sure you eat, sleep, and drink water.”
“Yeah—thank you for your kind words Tony. I’m glad you like it.”
“Tony, I don’t think that’s a good—“
Steve was a brilliant tactician—his analytical mind knew no bounds on the battlefield. He could see a situation and where it was going miles before anyone else had any idea. This had been one of the primary reasons the Avengers chose him to lead all those years ago. Not only could he say exactly what needed to be said ahead of a big battle, but he gave damn near perfect orders that always ensured success.
There was a weight to the apology Tony owed Steve and he was painfully aware of it. This apology was not just about his hurtful words from yesterday—it went back much further than that. They had never truly discussed what went down between them. And they needed to if there was any chance of moving forward.
Steve rushed across the room and slowed down right as he reached the door, a feeble attempt to regain his composure, as he opened it.
“No, I just know you. And everyone in this damn place seems to forget I’m trained to notice these things in people,” she chuckled. “I see things no one else does.”
“I actually hate them, you know? The galas,” he continued. “They’re fake. They make me hate myself—who I pretend to be when I’m there. And everyone there wants a bite of me—money, science, my brain, sex—they all want something. It is draining. Dehumanizing. They don’t see me, they see what I have to offer.”
“Well, you woke me up booger,” he replied, poking her nose and eliciting another giggle.
“So, you’ve decided to stick to your hopeless pining, then?” Bucky snorted before stuffing a forkful of pancake into his mouth.
“I don’t know, Cap. I don’t think I have an appetite. You’ve seen what they’re saying about me on the news.”
The rage in Steve’s belly was growing.
Oh, so this was serious.
“Hey,” Steve whined.
But this morning Tony was hungover with a narcissistic sociopath in his bed. Suddenly, Steve remembered how miserable Tony looked hunched over the kitchen island with his head in his hands. The bitter sorrow tone in his voice. The way he finally snapped at Ty to get him out of the compound.
“Sometimes you’re more intelligent than me, you know that kid?”
They slipped into sleep afterwards, wrapped in one another’s arms and twisted sheets. Tony had never slept better in his entire life.
He slammed his empty coffee cup on the kitchen counter before retreating back into his room.
“Tony—I’m so sorry,” she said, reaching across the table and holding his hand.
“Sometimes I think you forget,” Peter said, shrugging.
“Uncle Steeeeve!”
They fit together perfectly. Tony’s legs wrap around Steve, pulling him in deeper, and throws his head back in pleasure. It doesn’t take long for both of them to start coming undone at the seams. This is their first time together, after all, and the sensations are overwhelming. The strength of their emotional connection surging through them is what sends both of them toppling over the edge.
Tony flew above them, surveying the situation, barrel rolling in the air and having a generally fun time. He took out four Chitauri with repulsor blasts before stopping to observe the ground below.
Because it was impossible to see things from Nat and Sam’s perspectives. They didn’t understand—they had him on a pedestal, not something he deserved, but something often given to him simply because he let a few scientists inject him with a serum. Nat, Sam—everyone—they saw Captain America, not Steve Rogers.
What if Steve kept something from him again, when they were dating, how would that go? That train of thought tugged at his mind, too. Would a relationship with Steve withstand another blow to his trust? He and Steve had messiah complexes—they needed to save everyone they cared about—and sometimes that meant lies of omission. Tony wasn’t stupid, he knew that, and he could easily Steve convincing himself again that keeping something from Tony was safer for him.
“So what are you sucking up for?” Rhodey asked, suspicious. “You usually take me out to eat when you want something.”
His mind was racing faster than his legs and he was desperate to outrun it.
“Yes please, Ivonne, that would be lovely,” Tony replied, flashing her one of his award winning smiles. It clearly had the intended affect on her as she bowed her head to hide her smile and reddened cheeks.
It all happened so fast Tony couldn’t quite remember the details, except that Steve was quick on his feet (like always).
“Thank god,” Rhodey sighed. “It is about time.”
Three hours later, Steve settled on the blue button up shirt that Nat had suggested from the beginning because ‘it really brings out his eyes’ and ‘Tony can’t resist his eyes.’ He had spent too much time flip flopping between options because this had to be perfect.
Which only made Tony’s cheeks get darker.
Bucky raised an eyebrow and walked over to them, leaning on the opposite end of the kitchen island.
Tony laughed.
“It isn’t like that,” he said, doing his best to lie while telling half-truths. “It’s just…Steve and I used to be close…before…”
“Damnit—sorry Steve, still not used to walking on a leg that was injured and suddenly healed. It looks better, but uh, still kinda feels funny,” Tony rushed, clearly embarrassed and frustrated.
Thank you to everyone who is providing support and reading along as I work on this fic. I am truly pouring my heart out into it. Yes, this is a slow-burn, but I promise the pay off is worth it in the end. It doesn't feel right to rush Tony into anything since he is dealing with a divorce and a recovering alcoholic. I want Steve and Tony to naturally drift towards each other at a healthy pace. :) The next chapter is an intense one, so be ready...
That had been the first time he and Pepper argued about the space Steve started to take up in his life. Truthfully, from there the fights they had about it had only gotten worse. This was due to the fact that he and Steve slowly started to develop a friendship—yes, they still argued more than any of the other team members—but they bonded, too. The next time Pepper had brought the topic up they screamed and Tony ended up sleeping on the couch in his workshop. He had been too naïve back then to recognize it, but now he was acutely aware that most monogamous heterosexual couples did not argue about the significance of one of the men’s same sex friends in his life. Granted, he was bisexual, but that had never been a topic he and Pepper explicitly discussed. Regardless, she had been jealous of Steve and as Tony sat in his workshop now, he could hardly blame her for having those feelings back then.
“If it makes you feel any better—I totally plan on using the money you put in my bank account,” Sam offered.
I love you, Tony.
Tonight Steve only had to set nine spaces—Tony, Bucky, Sam, Nat, Peter, Wanda, Bruce, Thor, and Scott were the only ones RSVP’d to show up. Carol and Valkyrie were out exploring a potential threat to a Skrull refugee base, the Guardians were off on a mission, Wakanda was hosting foreign diplomats, and everyone else had vague prior commitments.
Tony’s whole world was being turned upside down.
“Would rather forget that bit, thanks,” he grumbled.
So he settled on finding Rhodey instead.
“She’s right, though. She’s right. And I suppose…”
“Just calling it like I see it,” Tony chuckled. “So you and Ms. Carter, hm? That not work out?”
“Thanks, Cap,” he hummed, sipping the coffee and observing the food before him. “I’d say he’s mastered breakfast. It took a decade, but he did it.”
The other part of him, the one that made his heart stop, was secretly elated to see Steve’s abs before him—still glistening from the shower. Tony gaped at him.
“Yeah, but you guys talked, right? So it should be good now.”
“About what?” he asked, pausing from buttoning up his shirt to look intently at her.
“Have you ever stopped to consider that maybe Steve is aware of all of this? And that he doesn’t care? That he wants to build something with you and work through whatever comes your way, together?” Rhodey asked, crossing his arms and leaning against the wall.
“I’m sorry—Tony, I really needed to talk to you. And you were hiding in here, probably thinking all the wrong things—so I found my way in,” Steve explained.
It had taken years, but Tony had worn him down. Now Tony’s worst behaviors were endearing. His sassy attitude was actually funny and not offensive. And Steve could detect the genuine compliments and kindness hidden between witty remarks. Steve had lost his resolve—a stone face did not suffice anymore.
“Hey, Tony,” he whispered, gently shaking the other man awake.
Gradually, Steve’s eyes fluttered open to stare at Tony with hazy azure eyes. A genuine, but large and goofy grin, spread across his face when he realized Tony was awake and looking right back at him.
Steve’s heart broke over how adorable he looked.
The desperation in his voice broke her heart.
“Awww, come on,” Tony pleaded, knowing full well that if Steve asked in return he would never say. But that was mostly due to the fact that somehow the stars aligned and Tony had drawn Steve’s name from the hat. He continued his assault on the larger man, leaning closer and pawing for the scrap of paper in Steve’s hands. Eventually, Tony was practically on top of Steve—who had leaned so far back on the couch he was almost laying down—both of them laughing and wrestling like giddy schoolchildren.
“Yeah, okay,” Steve conceded. “So, you’re right about some things.”
“He’s definitely not a virgin,” she laughed. “The amount of times I walked in on him and Sharon when we were on the run was embarrassing.”
Their bantering earned another laugh from Steve. They had finally settled back into the comfort of their friendship—now relationship—and the nervousness had melted away. This was easy—it felt right and it was fun, the way they teased each other with nothing but deep love.
Natasha laughed. “The master tactician doesn’t have a plan?”
Steve took the lobby elevator straight up to the top floor—he knew Tiberius was a full-tail diva like Tony, an office on the top floor was the only thing that would suffice. When he reached the floor, his suspicions were confirmed by a secretary parked right out in front two massive wooden doors that said “TIBERIUS STONE” in golden letters. The woman looked up, and the expression on her face let Steve know she recognized him, but that was not going to stop him.
“It is a big deal, Tony. It is the best present I have ever been given. It is the most thoughtful—the kindest thing—anyone has ever done for me,” Steve’s voice was a whisper now. But something caught Steve’s attention from the corner of his eye and he looked up. Tony followed his gaze, which was looking above them at the doorframe. Mistletoe.
“C’mon Cap, I’ve worked pretty closely with the military. Rhodey is a Colonel. I know what kinds of things can go on,” Tony added, raising his eyebrows high.
“Love, we need to talk,” she said. Her and Bucky were in their now shared room getting ready for the party. Scott had insisted that everyone dress nicer than usual to highlight the specialness of the occasion. Bucky had decided on black jeans and a long-sleeved black button-up because he could not be bothered with anything colorful.
“Right?” she grumbled.
“Don’t worry about it Thor,” he grumbled.
“Okay—listen. I don’t know why—”
“Remind—how exactly did he con you out of the super special Stark Industries glasses I entrusted you with?” Tony said, frowning.
“Wh-why-I-you-what?” he sputtered.
“Where are you going?” Rhodey asked.
“Sure, Tony, of course.”
Alright, that’s enough of that, she decided, pushing herself off the wall.
“Mr. Stark, I’m not sure you should drive tonight,” Peter whispered too loudly to be considered a whisper.
He scrubbed his hands over his face, leaning forward in his chair and trying to breathe into the tightness that built up in his chest. The panic attacks had started coming back about a week ago. Instinctively, he knew Adam was right but he was terrified of admitting his faults out loud to a group of strangers he did not really give a damn about.
Tony, on the other hand, had brought Peter over for this special night of decorating since he would be spending Christmas with May and family. They sat in the corner, a Stark Pad before them, scheming away on something spectacular. No one was paying them any attention until Steve came in.
Tony left his room and wandered into the kitchen. He went to the bar and poured himself a glass of scotch. The golden liquid warmed his throat all the way down to his stomach. It was like an instantaneous fix—he already felt more at ease and peaceful. Nothing beat the sensation of a good glass of scotch sliding down his tongue. He had once called it a “heavenly elixir” and had yet to think of a better name for it.
He clapped a firm hand on Steve’s back and looked down at him, eyebrow raised, and that shit eating grin still on his face. Steve groaned because he knew his friends—his family—were going to be the death of him.
It wasn’t until Friday came over the intercom in Steve’s bathroom warning him about the steam and temperature levels that he realized. Just as he stepped back into his bedroom and pulled on pajama shorts, he heard a knock at the door.
Steve grounded him in reality—the here and now—and god if that wasn’t reason enough to give in and just let this finally happen…
God—how would that work? He knew Steve was sorry for what had happened between them, but was that the same thing as knowing not to lie again?
“What about you, Cap?” Tony zeroed back in on Steve, smirking, staring at him with a fiery intensity. “Where’s your honor stand these days?”
“Buck, I know you think you’re being helpful, but I’m genuinely not catching on here,” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly.
“What do you mean?”
“Oh thank god,” Tony cried, nearly weeping from the relief of knowing his daughter was far away from the danger.
“Come on Tony,” he mumbled to himself. He dragged his hands over his face to compose himself.
Steve shamelessly watched the sway of Tony’s hips as he walked away, but then it hit him—a proper date? He had taken Sharon on plenty of nice dates and they had gone well, but doing the same thing with Tony was entirely different. For all he knew, a ‘proper date’ with Tony meant a private jet to Italy and dinner at a Michelin 3-star restaurant.
Slowly, he took the last few steps to Steve’s door and knocked.
Tony’s mind short-circuited for a second as he realized this was happening—finally, happening—but then he realized he was being kissed but not kissing back and that had to change. He swept his tongue across Steve’s bottom lip, which earned a surprised noise from the back of Steve’s throat, and Tony took the opportunity to nudge his tongue into his mouth. Steve gave pleased, deep moan and Tony couldn’t handle it any longer—he pushed Steve up against the wall and pressed their bodies together.
“Input on what?” Tony grumbled, shuffling into the kitchen with his hair a mess and eyes barely open. His usual ‘I barely made it out of bed’ look any time before noon.
“Very, thank you,” Rhodey teased. “You were saying?”
It was exhausting listening to these people, who all held positions of extreme privilege in the world, complain about the minor inconveniences in their lives. The politician—Smith, was it?—had cheated on his wife and gotten caught. He talked as if the getting caught part was what was wrong with the whole situation. Tony’s stomach churned.
“A bad influence, I know,” Tony grumbled. “You think I don’t know that? That is exactly why I answered his text. I was lonely and horny and I like attention.”
“Thanos is gone, we bring everyone back, and you decide to get lazy, huh?” she teased, punching him in the arm.
“I know, but can’t we just stay like this a little longer?” Steve asked, not bothering to hide the desperation in his voice.
Nat beamed.
“Yeah, sure,” Steve whispered, slowly and carefully slipping into the empty side of Tony’s bed. He laid on his back, staring at the ceiling, rigid.
“Uh, I promise—I’m not that sneaky,” Steve laughed.
“Friday get her out of here!”
He was at a loss of how to tell anyone that he and Pepper were separated. And on top of that, how could he possibly explain that he felt relieved?
Steve looked wounded, but he stood up and obliged Tony’s request. “Okay, but if you need anything, Tony…anything, I’m here, okay?”
He found the Stone Media building with ease—it was only a few gigantic skyscrapers down from the Avengers Tower. The name was plastered in large cursive letters on the side. He remembered a story Tony told him ages ago about how he bought Ty the building for his burgeoning media company. Ty had been cut out of his family’s inheritance and Tony, being the overly generous friend he was, went and bought him all ninety floors on a whim.
All he wanted was to see Tony succeed—no, more than that—thrive.
Before Tony could even breathe another word, Steve’s lips were against his. Steve’s mouth was open and wet and desperate as he poured every ounce of his emotions into the action. Suddenly, that nagging voice in the back of Tony’s head telling him he wasn’t good enough for this was overridden by primal desire and the deliciousness of Steve’s plush lips moving against his. He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, holding him close, and arching his body against the taller man’s.
“Yup,” Rhodey chuckled, calming down and focusing back in on Tony. “I’m all ears, man.”
Steve cautiously peeked his head into Tony’s room—automatically spotting the bottle of whiskey on Tony’s side table. Steve’s stomach clenched. This was not going to be easy with Tony inebriated.
Tony finished the last drop of his fourth glass of wine for the evening and the warmth had finally spread throughout his body. He felt lighter and happier than he had in what seemed like ages. But in reality, it was the happiest he had been since he hugged Peter when he came back from the snap.
“No—wait,” Tony held up a quivering hand. “I’m not done.” A deep, shuddering breath. “I’m jealous of you, Barnes. I thought Steve was my best friend and suddenly you waltz into the picture and he keeps secrets from me—about my own parents—and I end up with a shield in my chest. It uh…it broke my heart. But even that isn’t on you. And yet I’ve acted like it was and…I’m sorry. For all of it. And I want to do better.”
“You make a compelling point, Rhodey-bear. After all my years of pining, I do deserve to feel those abs up close and personal,” Tony replied with a shit eating grin. Rhodey visibly shuddered in disgust.
The beauty of having the others back—Bucky, Sam, T’Challa—everyone—truly should outweigh the pain Steve was feeling, but it just failed to. He could not make peace with getting things back if it meant someone else had to lose everything. It felt like yesterday he lost Peggy and it often did not take much to open that wound. He knew Laura would live a similar life—always one trigger away from that all-consuming pain.
“Sorry Cap, hate to break it to ya, but it’s my family life, my personal life—I know if it’s a big deal to me or not,” Tony snapped.
Tony took a step forward, now crowding into Steve’s personal space, and looking into his eyes defiantly. Steve swallowed so hard that his adam’s apple violently bobbed and Tony’s smirk grew.
Tony promptly hobbled into the bathroom to wash his face and gain a semblance of composure. He was not sure what had come over him today—why had he been so consumed for lust for Steve this evening? He had always been painfully aware of how attractive Captain Handsome was, but normally he could compartmentalize enough for it to be a fleeting thought.
The sunlight slipping through the curtains just so happened to get cast directly across Tony’s eyes causing him to slowly stir into wakefulness. He groaned angrily, throwing his forearm over his face to shield himself from the imposing natural light.
“How’s that going?” Steve asked in between bites.
Tony yawned and stretched his body out, arms reaching way over his head and legs far out in front of him. He jumped to his feet and kissed Nat’s hand.
Tony felt the emotion of the moment well up in his throat. And Peter noticed.
And just like that, knowing Morgan was safe, Tony’s brain kicked back into gear.
His own words after waking up from the ice rang in his mind.
Seeing him now, in the kitchen with his arm around Tony, elicited a visceral desire to protect her friend. A primal anger—both for Tony’s safety and for Steve’s heart (which she knew was currently being broken). It took an alarming amount of self-restraint not to remove Ty’s arm from Tony and break it in half.
“Now that we have gotten the, apparently entirely unsurprising, revelation about my feelings for a certain American Captain out of the way,” Tony sucked in a deep breath. “What do I do?”
And yet, Tony was the one who had given him a home in this new century—metaphorically and physically. Tony gave Steve an entire suit in the Tower—a bed, a place to sleep that wasn’t plain brown walls at SHIELD. And Tony let all the Avengers live there. He made them a family by giving them a family home. Maybe Steve was not here as Tony’s date, but that did not mean they were strangers.
“You’ll be at the Gala, Cap?”
“No, but crawling out of the bottle by yourself with your willpower alone, that’s impressive. Do I still think you should get professional help? Yes. But your willingness to have that difficult conversation with Steve—to start making things right—even though you feel like shit—I admire that."
She titled her head, appraising him for a moment. “Well, because this is the public debut of your new relationship with Captain America. I think that might have something to do with your nerves.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Nat said, her smirk growing. “I have my ways.”
That successfully shut Tony up. He looked over at Peter.
“Been that long, huh?”
“Carol’s single—aw man! Think of that—the two Captains together,” Sam beamed, far too excited about the supposed brilliance of his idea.
“I don’t know Tony, why might he do that?” she asked, raising an eyebrow at him.
But two hours in, his mind derailed. He should have known his mind—which was ever running—would not stop for long.
So, the months passed by and it was December before they knew it.
Pepper crossed the room to place her hands on Tony’s shoulders. She looked him dead in the eye, a small smile on her face. And he could see, even now, how much love she had for him.
“Two Whiskey sours, please.”
“Tones,” Rhodey began. “What happened?”
When Steve let himself into the secret workshop Tony was standing in the far left corner, his back to him, working away on a project. He didn’t even turn around—well of course he didn’t, he thinks Rhodey just walked in—and suddenly Steve regretted betraying Tony’s trust. Well—Rhodey had, technically—but that didn’t stop Steve from feeling bad about going along with it. The last thing he needed to do was ruin Tony’s trust any further—that was really, at the core of it, the problem between them. And then, like it always did, Tony’s voice guided Steve back to reality.
Unable to eat, and even less capable of sitting still, Steve decided to go out for a second run.
Once they got into the hallway, away from the earshot of the others, Steve said, “Tony, I know how much money and effort it must have taken to find those things from my childhood. You really did not have to go through all that trouble.”
“Who?” she continued.
“Yeah—I am,” he replied, staring up at Steve with his wide bambi eyes. Steve smiled sweetly down at him.
They fell into bed together, limbs intertwined and bodies falling into sync. And just like the nights before, Tony could feel all the ways they simply fit together. Their communication was almost all non-verbal—they just knew what the other meant or wanted by looking into their eyes.
“I know what they say. That I love to party and love to be the center of attention—but not anymore. Maybe once upon a time. Or maybe I really was just trying to piss everyone off, who knows?” he shrugged again. “Sorry—I did not mean to lay all of that on you.”
Steve laughed, but it was hollow and forced.
“When you say S.I., you mean Pepper. Of course—she sees all of us there together as a big money grab opportunity,” Tony sighed, hiding his face in his hands. “Well, at least you all being there will make it more bearable.”
Steve sucked in a deep, refreshing breath—he let Nat’s words of wisdom wash over him. He took a moment to ground himself—feel his feet against the sparring mat, smell the sweat in the air, recognize the feeling of Nat’s palm on his arm—this was reality. What Nat said was reality—not his anxiety fueled fears. The nervousness was not completely gone, but it was quelled.
“You’re not wrong.”
“I think those Vogue magazine smiles might be another reason why they remember you here, Tony.”
Tony just smirked and took a huge bite of eggs.
“I’ve been your friend for decades, I know what you look like when you zone out into one of your anxiety spirals.”
“Because a date with the very rich, incredibly suave, and extravagant Tony Stark is intimidating? I mean honestly Buck—my go to dates are picnics in Central Park, Netflix marathons at home, and cozy dates in little hole in the wall restaurants in Brooklyn.”
“Daddy, you said shit again,” Morgan scolded.
It had been a little over a month since they successfully pulled of the Time Heist, as Scott had named it.
“Yeah,” Steve sighed, not sounding thrilled about it. Tony pretended that didn’t make him happy. He jumped over the back of the couch and sat with a thud next to Tony.
Perceptive as ever.
“So, we think it would be a good idea if you moved in here—the Avenger’s Compound—for a while,” Steve started, turning to face Tony. “It isn’t a good idea for you to live alone and wallow. We’re here for you Tony—we care.”
Tony sighed, turning over onto his left side, only to bump into a solid wall of muscle. He let out a gasp, visibly startling, as his early morning blurry vision started to focus on Steve’s sleeping form next to him.
He swallowed hard and looked at his folded hands in his lap. His body was shaking but he decided to pretend it wasn’t—he didn’t have time to think about the depths of how hard this was for him.
Thank you to everyone who continues to support me! We are almost done!!! Ahhh! How exciting. Please continue to share this work with any other SteveTony shippers, I have poured my heart into it.
Steve turned off all the lights and turned to leave, but before he could, Tony spoke up again.
I’ve loved you since you fell from that portal in New York and woke up and looked into my eyes. God—I was so relieved you made it. And unbelievably proud of what you had done.
“Tony, it’s going to be okay. Steve’s stronger than you’re giving him credit for. You know he doesn’t care about those things. He would only care if they hurt you or someone else. But like you said, the headlines don’t bother you anymore.”
“You always know what to say,” he laughed, muscles relaxing.
“You care?” Tony asked, forcing out a laugh. “You? Captain America—care—about me? Since when? I don’t remember you fucking caring about
“Oh that’s really fucking bad timing Ty. You’re a real class act, you know that?” Tony snapped. “That was anything but smooth.”
Tony was sitting in his workshop, surrounded by dozens of holographic screens that displayed new equipment upgrades for the rest of the team. He was doing his damndest to concentrate, but Steve’s strange behavior from earlier in the night was haunting him. It had only been him, Carol, Bucky, Nat, and Steve at dinner tonight. He knew for a fact that Steve loved Bucky and Nat—and he always seemed to get along well with Carol—so he could only surmise that he was the problem. And damn, that made his heart ache.
“I used the resources at my disposal. I know an archivist or two as well as family genealogy experts. It was nothing—really, I promise,” Tony said, hands up in defense, expecting to be berated.
“Sorry—” Steve blinked. “I was just trying to…never mind. I’m not having this conversation right now, I’m running late for meeting Tony in his shop.”
The warm tingle of the scotch made its way down to his belly. The familiar comfort of alcohol took a bit of the edge off. Happy’s hand on his shoulder jerked him back into reality.
They hadn’t been called off to a mission in months.
“Shut up,” he laughed, surging forward and catching her lips in a kiss.
“Don’t get distracted Barnes, this is a three way fight,” Nat chided.
They turned inward towards one another, continuing on a conversation about S.W.O.R.D. and other inside jokes that Steve was not privy to. He had watched Carol and Tony hang out many times before and it never triggered this current unpleasant feeling in his chest. It felt like there was a hand around his heart and diaphragm—squeezing it tight. He was absolutely nauseous—was this jealousy? And why did it decide to show up now, of all times, after months of seeing Tony happily spend time with Carol?
“Oh Steve, I’m gonna let you figure that one out on your own.”
“Yes,” Steve croaked, sounding a little too desperate for the help.
Steve was in his boxers, Tony in pajama pants and a t-shirt. Either they didn’t have sex or they did and decided to get dressed after—which was not Tony’s usual post-coitus protocol unless he had somewhere to be.
“Over and over and over again,” Rhodey added, smirking.
“I know,” she smirked. “Where’s Prince Charming?”
“She’s out with Happy—they went out—for ice cream. They’re at a safe location now—Friday let them know what was going on,” Pepper explained, breathless.
“If anyone is being cast to the side, it’s me,” Tony snapped, standing up and starting to walk out of the room. He paused before he was completely out of their earshot, turning around to get one last word in, “You know—if you want to care about me, maybe you ask me my side of things instead of coming at me with information given to you by the woman I am
He poured himself a cup of coffee and walked over, sitting in an armchair, crossing his legs and draping an arm over the back of the chair. Tony took a long, loud, sip of his coffee. When no one said anything, he raised his eyebrows so high they nearly disappeared into his hair.
Tony rolled his head to the side—she was sitting in a chair by his bed—how had he not noticed her before? She was too quiet. He knew she was a trained assassin, but she didn’t need to sneak up on him. Not when he was stuck in a hospital bed, no less.
“Mmmm, well last night we decided we wanted to take things slow and you were so exhausted from hiding in your secret shop, working your worries away, I made you go to sleep for once.”
“Mr. Stark, a pleasure seeing you tonight. Would you like your usual booth?” the hostess asked as he and Steve entered the restaurant.
“I knew it!” Peter said, playful and accusing. “You’ve been using me for my awesome Morgan entertainment abilities!”
Tony relaxed against the pillows and frowned up at her. Why would Steve have stayed by his side all that time? Tony prided himself on being able to figure things out that no one else could, being able to see things that other people overlooked, and getting to the answer lightyears ahead of everyone else. But the way Natasha looked at him, half amused and half like he was an idiot, told him that he was missing a large piece of information that she was privy to.
