Sam and Steve have been bestfriends for years, like ever since there were born. Sam’s parents were friends with Steve’s parents, even until he was adopted by the Barnes. Barnes and Rogers have been friends since a long time too. All their parents were actually friends since young.
"Well you have no evidence of me killing him though." Bucky smirks as he drinks from bowl.
CaptainA: I nearly forgot. Me and Sam are getting tacos then.
“You know what, let’s go to the arcade alright. Let me go get my things at Bucky’s room.” Sam said as he left the room.
“Good news?” Bucky asked.
“Technically no.” Tony replies.
“Sometimes he can be such an ass.” Steve said.
“I’m not bro, come on chill.” Sam reassures him.
“Rule number 9 alright. I won’t break it or your trust alright.” Sam lied to him.
“I don’t feel to well today.” Sam pulls away.
"Oh he does talk about it everyday, i just tend to zone out. Like my vote wouldn't matter though." Bucky shrugs as he ate his cereal.
Lowkey: Shut it Thor.
“Hey you, okay?” Steve asked him.
Tony : Son? Since when?
“Move it homeboy.” Steve said as John walks up to them.
“Yup.” Bucky sighs.
Barnes : You're not giving my son any alcohol, Thor!
Lowkey: Let me introduce myself to you, my princess. I'm Loki Odinson, the God of Mischief. ;)
Tony : Nat! He's in the lab!
THOR: You're adopted.
BrucieBear : The cat's out of the bag.
“Well, you’re an asshole.” Sam said.
“Ivy league son. It’s not everyday a Barnes get into college, and it’s Harvard alright.” Mrs Barnes said as she left the room.
SpiderChild : please don't blame all of them, it's my fault. I didn't want anyone to know about this, and both Sam and Bucky promised to keep it a secret once I'm ready.
“Hey, uhm it’s getting late, and I’ll find my way home. You can continue on your date with Tony. Also, funny story, I kissed your brother at the booth just now.” Sam chuckles nervously.
“Dude! Thanks.” Clint said.
"Sometimes i wonder what goes around jn your brain, God of Thunder?" Tony asked.
“Total is $200.” The cashier said as he bags the gifts.
“You’re crazy, Steven!” Sam laughs.
“Stevie! I'm so sorry!” Tony apologizes as he rubs his head.
“Hey Sammy, I’m gonna head off for a while.” Steve said backstage.
BrucieBanner: I'm alright princess. Hi there Tony, Peter.
“Me too.” Steve sighs.
Tony: Wait, you're with Banner now?
"Since when are you both married?" Steve asked as he walks up to them.
Shoerii: Cool, so who's Lowkey?
Tony: Charge it to my card. Nat, please get more coffee too.
“Bucks, let’s go.” Sam said as he grabs Bucky’s hand.
“Yeah was in the lab for a few hours. Let me take a quick shower.” Tony said.
Barnes : My money is on Loki's blood.
“Harvard huh?” Sam asked as he turns to Bucky.
“What the fuck?” Sam said when Bucky answered the phone call.
CaptainA: Your majesty.
: that's what he said.
“Not really, I was constantly sick when I was younger and it was expensive to see them. Bucky used to show me the pictures he took when his family went to the zoo.” Steve said as he turns to Tony.
THOR created group
“Alright as you all been waiting for! Let’s bring Barnes out!” Sam said as he pulls Steve from the curtain.
“It’s cold outside and I want you to take me home.” Sam said as he walks back in and grabs the jacket and stormed back out.
“You’re more than just a brother to me, I like you, Samuel. More than words can express how much I like you.” Bucky said angrily as he hits the steering wheel.
"Good morning." Sam greets them as he grabs a bottle of orange juice.
"Morns!" Bucky reply with a mouthful of cereal, milk dripping down his chin.
Well how could Sam enjoy the moment when he knows his days were numbered. And reality hits him, how long could he hide from his bestfriends which was only 3 doors away from his boyfriend’s room. He felt like it was eating him inside, he was breaking the rules and not just that, he was breaking his friend’s heart and trust. He sat there as he watched Bucky fixed his motorbike.
“Samuel, could we do this? Like date? I really like you, and seeing how other boys or girls look at you, it’s really hard for me, I want you, Samuel.” Bucky shrugs.
“I love you Steve, more than words. But you have to be accepting for who I love Steve. If I told you, I didn’t like Tony, what would you have done?” Sam asked him angrily.
“He said no, Morales.” Bucky suddenly appeared, pushing Miles away.
“It’s just Bucky warned everyone not to ask you out.” John sighs.
“Where the fuck are we going? It’s not the way back home.” Sam said as he looks out of the window.
“How the hell Bucky gonna be next?” Steve said.
BlackWidow : Stevie, you have 10 seconds to run, I see you.
graders; it was the last few days of summer. Sam was laying on beach chair at Steve’s place. Sam was busy scrolling on his phone, checking out all his social media when he received a text form the school group chat.
Shoerii: You better run, god of mischief. A Russian assassin rage is crazy.
“Bucky!” The security guard said, they then pulled away.
“That I love you, fuck the world and their opinions! My happiness matter more.” Sam said.
SpiderChild: Mr Rogers, can I get some Nachos too? :)
SpiderChild : Sam, it's okay. I'll get it fix instead. It could be fixed.
"If he's dead, how can he be here?" Thor asked.
Lowkey: What did I do wrong?
"Well yeah. I'm married to him, now finish your breakfast Peter." Sam said as he turns back to his phone.
“I thought you already left for Boston.” Sam said
“But that was awesome!” Steve said as he got out of the pool, shaking himself dry.
As they were back in Steve’s room, Steve was looking at Sam. Steve had sensed something was going on between Sam and Bucky. They were hanging out together too much, Bucky was always at Sam’s game and competition, while Sam would always hang out here more often and he always had plans on weekends.
RedRiddingWitch : What are you doing in the lab?
: We'll be back soon alright.
SpiderChild: I could go grab some Starbucks after school.
Shoerii : Yes I do brother.
SpiderChild: Text me your orders, will get Starbucks after school.
“It’s in the tool box on top of that shelf.” Bucky said, Sam just nods and walks over.
“You like what you see?” Tony grins at him.
“You! You did this, you stole my bestfriends and made him a slut for you, like all the other hoes.” Steve said, next thing he knew Bucky punched him in the face.
“You can just talk to me now, babe.” Bucky said.
"Sammy, breakfast?" Steve asked as he flips a pancake.
“Thank you for doing this Stevie.” Sam said as they got in the car and drove off, Steve just nods at him.
“How long have you been in the lab?” Steve asked worriedly.
“And what? Let them boys hit on you. I know you’re gay Sam, but you’re not desperate enough to let anyone hit on you.” Bucky said.
F@LCON: Sure thing, see you Nat.
“Penguin? Why?” Tony asked.
THOR: My apologies, thank you Banner for helping me.
BlackWidow : You read it in their files that you stumble upon accidentally.
Random day in the Avengers Chatroom
“You did what?” Steve said.
: hello fellow Avengers.
“Thanks man!” Rhodey said.
Shoerii: Hey there, how are you Bruce?
Barnes : Wrong chat buddy, but Sam is on his way there. I'll wait at the usual place okay.
Steve puts his hand on his back, which provides him some measure of comfort.
“How did he take his discipline?”
Tony’s face contorts into a pout. “Do they have to see?”
Steve let out a frustrated sigh. “Yes, I suppose. Thank you, Jarvis.”
“Yes, Jarvis?”
"No.” Steve presses his fingers even deeper. “No, my boy chooses instead to be a mouthy, disobedient sub. You mouth-off to me. You mouth-off to our team, you even mouth-off to Fury.” Steve chuckles at that. “Honestly, I wonder where you get the balls.”
“Well, we can let him pretend a little longer.” Anderson breaks in. “Mr. Rogers, this is my new trainee, Miss Riley. We are really sorry about disturbing you. I will make this as short as possible.”
“Yes, you are ready.” Steve let out a little chuckle. “Cheeky boy. Go get the senior cane from the closet.”
“My boy has been mouthy this week, hasn’t he?”
Tony already had the wooden spoon waiting by the chair. He picks it up and taps it against Tony’s thighs. “Tell me what this spanking is for, Tony?”
“For being disobedient, sir.”
Steve isn’t cruel. Truthfully, he’d love giving Tony perfect orgasms far more often; but Tony was assigned to him for a reason. Nearly a year ago, Tony passed out from no sleeping or eating; he was taking Modafinil to keep him awake. When his doctor found out, he contacted the Distressed Sub Agency and they evaluated him and paired him with Steve a few weeks later.
"Well, then, its too bad that the decision isn’t up to you. Now, you know that when I instruct you to do something, you are to obey immediately. If you wish to discuss it, you obey first, then make your petition. But you have now lost that chance and now I’m tacking on a spanking with the wooden spoon for your disobedience.”
“Y-yes, sir.” Tony answers, his heart sinking with dread. He hates being milked.
“P-please, sir!” Tony begs desperately. “Please, take it off!”
Steve keeps going and dark, red lines trail down Tony’s bottom and the tops of his thighs. At about the half-way mark, Tony is crying out loudly, tears making puddles on the desk. His bottom is beginning to swell and his thighs tremor from the pain.
Tony gives a boyish pout. “I don’t wanna. Please, sir, don’t make me.”
The wooden spoon moves at lightning speed over his thighs, just under the cane marks, down to the pits of his knees. Tony yelps and wails as it feels like a dozen bees stinging him over and over. His legs try to flail and kick, but that only pulls on the cane stripes. When Tony’s thighs are bright red and burning hot to the touch, Steve pauses.
Steve slept peacefully at Clint's secret family home. His chest swelled with each deep, easy breath. Tony watched like a man hypnotized until he fell asleep.
Everything happened so fast after that. A battle. Jumping on a freaking spaceship. Meeting aliens and humans on a destroyed planet. Another battle and losing….people. Tony couldn't really bare to think too long about it, or else he might fall apart. Just him and an alien woman, who seemed more cyborg than organic, made it back to Earth. And all without the cell phone that had become his security blanket.
Rogers had gotten salty. Tony guessed all that had happened to the other man had worn on him.
“Wow.” Tony said before he could stop himself.
“Tony.” Steve said, trying to get his attention. “Bruce asked you a question, cat got your tongue?”
“They're amazing.”
Faster than most mortals can move, Bucky was at the foot of the bed kneeling next to Tony, pulling him up in a matching position. Taking the lead, Bucky kissed Tony, deeply and dirty, making a show of it. Those strong hands, pale white and flashing silver, roamed Tony’s body.
As Steve stroked himself, ever so slowly, watching Tony through his lashes, Tony shoved a second finger in his hole.
“No. Just that they are male strippers trying to make an honest buck.” Tony responded, eating another strawberry.
Without thinking, Steve realized he was slowly rubbing the palm of his hand against his crotch. How could he not be unbelievably turned on with these two in front of him? They were too much to resist, even for a super solider.
Spinning on his heels, he faced away from Tony. Steve rolled his feet and hips slowly, then faster until his entire lower body was moving.
“Yeah.” Steve huffed. “Daddy likes them.”
She nodded, tears streaming down her face. “I love you too but we both know your heart was somewhere else anyway. It's just better this way.”
“How do you go from talking about a family to jumping on an alien spaceship that may or may not result in your death?”
Tony kissed him, filthy and desperate, tongues colliding against each other.
Bucky laughed as Steve threw pillows at both of them. No one else was touching them except for Steve. They were his forever and always.
Finally he was going to see Magic Mike XXL. In peace. No one would even have to know. Just another secret between Jarvis and he.
The smooth fabric of the robe ruffled as he tossed the tablet. Steve knew Tony was loving that slip sliding sensation as he moved.
Laying on his stomach face towards Steve’s feet, Tony nestled up next to Steve. Tony’s legs bent and rested against the headboard.
Exquisite pain and glorious relief washed over him as he sank down onto Steve's sizeable length. Before either man could really adjust to the overwhelming sensation, they were both moving. Steve thrust up into Tony as Tony rocked down, their movements beautifully complimentary.
“I'll do anything to make you stay.” Tony said louder.
Tony shook his head, squirting lube into his left hand.
“That's different.”
“Goddamnit!” Bucky yelled as cum shot all over Steve’s chest and neck. “Steve you have no filter and I fucking love it.”
“Fucking perfect.” Tony mumbled as he undid his pants, letting them fall to the floor.
In the irony of ironies, the fate of the world depended on him calling Steve and all he could do was stare dumbly at the screen. As menacing aliens crashed down into New York City, again, he couldn't call in Captain America.
“Does that feel good?”
Steve nodded as he stood back up, wet streaks evident on his cheeks.
“I would say so.” Steve said quietly.
He watched Steve stretching on the balcony. Without turning to her, he said the first thing that popped into his head.
For once Tony was stunned into silence and complied.
Bucky crawled up next to Steve and kissed Steve’s shoulders and collarbone. Shifting their positions Steve put Bucky between Tony’s legs. Pushing him forward he lined Bucky’s cock up with Tony’s prepped hole.
“Shit Steve.” Bucky moaned. “You're so fucked up.”
“Yes.” Bucky said at the same time Tony was saying no.
He was truly happy for his friend, even though it made him feel all the more lonely. Tony thought about his own experience in loving a god. He never understood how he hooked Steve either.
Aww, Tony thought, Mike’s got his own business. He’s building furniture just like he wanted. Sipping his scotch he watched the plot start to unfold. Already he could tell that this movie was going to be way better than the first one.
“I’m very busy and important but I always have time for you, Capsicle.” Tony said, putting down the gauntlet his was tweaking with.
Steve moved his mouth down Tony’s throat, the new beard provided delicious new sensations.
Tony wanted to hate Bucky. He wanted to be spiteful and jealous. When he looked at Bucky, when Bucky spoke to him, when the light gleamed off of his metal arm Tony understood. He saw that Steve and Bucky had to be together, that is just how things were. Steve was the sun burning bright and hot, Bucky was the moon dark and mysteriously beautiful. And Tony, well, he was stuck in the dirt of Earth billions of miles off of these two celestial beings.
“Oh, Tony.” The super soldier’s voice cracked with emotion as he fell to his knees.
It was heaven, Steve’s moans better than any angel choir.
“That’s it Tony.” Steve coaxed. “Now slide your dick against his ass.”
Then he was gone, out of the room, leaving Tony in his stunned silence.
“Ain't no rest for the wicked.” Tony said, returning the smile and closing the door. “It's fine. Can I get you something to drink?”
“Don’t be.” Bucky said, the husky tone of his voice fueling Steve’s flames.
“That so? You taking your own advice, Lone Ranger?”
The bar was small and crowded with people. It was just full enough to detract any unwanted attention from the two large blonde men in the corner. Steve enjoyed the average joe feel of the evening. Well, as average as a night can be for a super soldier and a god. They drank pitchers of beer while Steve tried to explain the wonder of baseball.
"It was. Thanks by the way. But that technology is obsolete. Do you want to see the newest model?"
“Tony, help Bucky out of those pants.” Steve said, his voice taking on that commanding tone that caused the other two to shiver.
The Avengers Tower was deserted, no immediate threats were at hand so the team was in the wind. Steve took the private elevator to Tony’s room. No, wait, it was their penthouse. Steve and Bucky still had other private rooms. Tony had his workshop to retreat to. However, for the most part they cohabitated in the penthouse. It was a good thing Tony had a bed big enough for the entire Avengers team to share, so the three men were always comfortable.
“I'm dead.” Tony said. “This is heaven and you are the god of sex.”
He doesn't want it to end.
Listening to the radio, Mike worked in peace. Then the music shifted and in three seconds Tony knew “Pony” was starting. Of course Mike couldn’t resist dancing to it. It was like a siren’s call, beckoning him to thrust in time with it’s rhythmic beats. And Mike answered the call, with gusto. The way he moved his body, in a strange gyration that was ridiculously sexy.
Before Tony could ask what the two of them were plotting together the lights dimmed and the music started.
“We're okay.” Tony said, petting Steve's grown out hair, battling his own tears. He wasn't sure if he meant they were okay as individuals or as a pair. It didn't matter, he guessed either way conveyed the meaning. “We're okay.”
Following his orders, the robe tumbled onto the floor leaving Tony completely exposed. Steve knew Tony so well.
He drank a lot. That passed the time.
They chuckled as Bucky ran his hands over Steve's broad chest, massaging his huge pecs. Bucky pinched and flicked at Steve's nipples, Steve arching into the touch. Steve saw Bucky’s eyes were trained on Steve's chest.
Maybe it was the whiskey, maybe it was Steve's pouty lips, or maybe he felt sparks popping, so he closed the gap between them. Their lips came together hot and sweet.
Tender kisses from Steve's lips covered the sore. Against the tender skin, Steve whispered a prayer of “I'm sorry” over and over again.
Steve didn't look disgusted, he looked intrigued.
dumbfounded….
It was true. The panties rode up Bucky’s ass just the right amount to gently spread his cheeks open. Tantalizingly there was barely enough fabric to hide his sweet hole.
Steve laughed against Tony's skin, making Tony shiver just a little bit.
Dragging his finger through the lube puddle he made, Steve generously coated hsi digit. Keeping his eyes on Bucky, he ran his slick finger down Tony’s crack searching out his entrance. Finding it, he traced the edges where the cheeks surrounded it. He traced the pucker, slowly. Bucky was working himself like Steve had never seen, really putting on a show. As Bucky pulled out his fingers, Steve timed pressing his finger into Tony while Bucky did the same motion to himself.
Tony did. He was just being obtuse. Anger kept the overwhelming urge to kiss Steve at bay.
Biting the corner of his lip, Bucky nodded in agreement with Tony’s statement.
Strong, huge arms surrounded Tony, clawing at his shirt to touch the skin underneath. Tony's hands wandered all over Steve, feeling each rise and fall of every muscle the beautiful captain had.
“I guess we just bring that out in each other.”
Tony nodded. He was being petty with his own bullshit when they had a real crisis on their hands. “You're right. We'll start in the morning.”
“Just promise me you won’t laugh.” Steve said, a slight blush rose on his flawless cheeks.
“It's always been you, Steve.” Tony huffed between kisses.
“Even before I met you, you were the gold standard. No one else compared.” Tony was breathing quickly and struggling to say everything he needed to, everything that he had kept to himself for so long. “When you were actually real and in front of me in all your glory...well, you were the only one.”
Getting behind Bucky, Steve whispered into his ear. “You’re going to fuck him and I am going to fuck you at the same time.”
One night stands could be hot. First times with a new love could be great. But this? Being with a partner who knows your body almost as well as their own, and knowing them as intimately, is the absolute bees fucking knees.
Without a word, or breaking bodily contact, Steve opened the bottle and his coated fingers were pressing into Tony. He wrapped his arms around Steve, pulling the larger man’s face to his. Cold shock and uncomfortable stretch gave way to that wonderful feeling of penetration. One finger moved quickly to two. The twinge of pain only added to his desire. Sometimes pain meant death or illness but sometimes it is a reminder of life.
Getting in a tiff with Steve was one thing, seeing Steve rip a log in half with his bare hands was another. It triggered his flight or fight response, which was oddly arousing. The physical power this man had juxtaposed with the sleeping beauty only hours before...how could Tony not be in love?
“Libertine?” Tony said. “I prefer hedonist. You must be feeling good if you're getting historical at me."
“That’s not a real thing.” Tony yelled. “You can’t be too big. Please.”
“Like you wouldn't have done the exact same thing, Rogers.”
Tony swiveled his head to look at Steve. “Really?”
“Right away, Sir.”
Bucky wore black pajama pants that contrasted beautifully with his naked torso and dark hair. He held a paperback novel with the cover folded back, just like every other time Steve saw him read. Tony held his tablet, probably reading over some engineering theory that Steve had no hope of understanding. Or watching porn. Steve noticed Tony had on his favorite red satin robe, which meant he was naked underneath. Tony loved the feeling of the robe all over his bare skin.
“Thanks, I appreciate that. I know you are just doing your job.”
“Okay.” Tony let his eyes drift shut again.
"Thank you, Tony. Now, lay your stomach over the desk, don’t forget your cushion.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Are you okay with having visitors?”
Tony needed a dom who would take complete control, and Steve Rogers provided exactly that. For the first five months, Tony had to ask permission to do anything. Steve told him when to sleep, when to get up, when to eat, when to work, even when to use the bathroom. Tony fought against it tooth and nail at first, but after three months, Tony relented. Slowly, Steve gave him back a few of his privileges and started to let him go on missions again.
Tony shrugged. “Tired, sir.”
“Y-yes, sir.” Tony murmurs. “I’m sorry, sir.”
"Hm, it’s been a while since these were emptied, hasn’t it?”
Steve pulls back the covers to display Tony’s small, striped bottom. Tony lets out a little whine in protest and opens his puffy eyes to look up pleadingly at Steve.
“Yes, sir.” Tony answers with resignation and obeys.
Steve gently eases Tony up off the floor and into his arms, moving them to the bed; letting him soak his shirt with his tears.
The next one falls just a few centimeters below the first. Again, Tony doesn’t feel it until a half-second later. The pain joins the first welt and Tony whimpers.
“How are you doing, Tony?” Steve asks after nearly thirty minutes.
“Are you ready to move on?”
“That’s quite impressive, actually.” Anderson says as he jots down his notes. “And the spanking? A wooden spoon, was it?”
Steve studies Tony’s face and lets out a light chuckle. “Pretending to be asleep.”
“I’ve been considerate of your pride so far, Tony.” Steve tells him, his voice becoming gentle. He withdraws his fingers so Tony can give his full attention to his words. “Most submissives would have been punished on the spot in front of everyone they disrespected. But perhaps, that is what you need for the lesson to get through. Perhaps I need to strap or cane you in front of the team to teach you respect.”
No, he isn’t, but he never will be.
“Sir,” Miss Riley speaks quietly to Steve. “I’m sorry, but I need to see his inner thighs.”
“You will be doing that anyway.” Steve’s voice hardens. He doesn’t enjoy causing Tony pain, but he is determined to correct his sub’s behavior. The cane leaves a lasting impression on Tony, much more than anything else. “Now, do as you are told.”
“You already know the answer to that. Besides, it isn’t the first time.”
“Yes. I had him in a new position, the wheelbarrow. I could tell it definitely caught him off guard. I spanked his thighs and inner thighs hard and fast. A few times he wiggled and even tried to escape, but I simply held him in place. By this point, I could tell it was more knee-jerk reaction than conscious rebellion. I finished the spanking once he stopped struggling almost altogether and had clearly accepted the punishment. Then I began aftercare.”
Tony’s pout deepens.
It has. Nearly two months. They are heavy and swollen and ache painfully.
Tony nods. “Uh huh. M-most of it.”
"My good, brave boy. We are all done now.” He soothes, more than ready for the only good part about correcting his submissive: Aftercare.
“Shush.” Steve says softly, rubbing his back gently. “It will be over soon and we can move on.”
“Yes, sir.”
Steve considers this for a long moment. He studies the part of Tony’s face he can see. Tony is exhausted. His sobs have died down, tears are just running freely from his eyes as hiccups jerk his body.
“Alright. But I ask that you wait about ten minutes so I can get Tony more comfortable and settled in and I have one condition. I would like Director Fury to come with. That way, if Tony is unduly stressed by this, he can clear the room without me having to move away from Tony. I want Tony to apologize for his behavior towards the Director anyway and I feel it will be best to only have to worry about one visit rather than two.”
“Mr. Rogers,” Anderson’s voice cut in. “This is Anderson. I’m terribly sorry that this is a bad time. Is it alright if we come up to your quarters? We will only be a few minutes and we will not disturb your sub.”
“It still sucks.”
“It seems we’ve begun slipping back into old habits. I have no tolerance for disobedience and disrespect. You are fully aware of this. There is no excuse for your behavior, is there?”
“Please, sir, how many?” Tony asks meekly. It was rare for Tony to know how many he was going to get. Some times Steve set a number in his head, but usually he just spanked until he felt that Tony had either taken all that he could, or the lesson had been learned.
“No, my dear boy. It isn’t healthy for you to go this long. Now, stand up, get a towel from the bathroom, and lay yourself over my knee.”
“Mr. Rogers.” Jarvis’ voice interrupts.
“Now, that wasn’t too bad, now was it?” Steve teases lightly.
"Th-that depends, sir. What are we moving on to?” Only Tony can manage to sound nervous and cheeky at the same time.
Tony gives him a slightly dirty look. Not bad enough to earn even a scolding.
“P-please, no, sir. I’ll be good.” Tony sobs. Just the thought of the humiliation is enough to make him cringe.
“Half-way done. You are doing very well.”
After fifteen, Tony can only lay limply on the table and cry. He lost count after six and it feels like it has gone on forever. Finally, Steve lays down the final stroke. The welts, while red and purple, are unbroken. He will be bruised for about a week, but he will be fine.
Then the spoon turns its attention to the insides of Tony’s thighs. Tony tries desperately to wiggle and pull himself away, but he is no match for Steve’s strength. Steve pulls him back and holds him in place easily. He would usually scold and penalize Tony for trying to escape his punishment, but he knows that Tony is about at his limit and can’t be blamed for struggling.
“Hm. Well, we’d best take care of that, mustn’t we?”
Steve shushes him gently and pats his back. With her phone, Miss Riley discreetly takes the necessary pictures of Tony’s bottom and thighs. Tony had moved his legs together, in a tiny act of protest.
"That is more than reasonable, Mr. Rogers.” Anderson answers.
Tears fill Tony’s eyes but he doesn’t protest. He knows that if his obedience isn’t prompt obedience it isn’t obedience at all.
“You’ll really kick them out though?”
“Y-yes-s, S-sir.”
“Only especially good boys get good-boy orgasms. Have you been a good boy, Tony?”
Steve smiles condescendingly. He had after all, planned from the beginning to include milking Tony as part of his punishment and has no intention of changing his mind.
“Yes, sir.”
Two minutes later, Tony is in position, laying over the bed with his caged cock resting on a towel, over Steve’s left thigh. Steve spreads Tony’s cheeks, eyeing his tight, little hole and teases it with his fingers. He pulls Tony’s head up by his hair again and shoves his three middle fingers in front of his face. “Suck.” He orders sharply.
The third stroke crashes down. The pain makes Tony’s feet kick and sobs escape.
Tony almost regrets asking. A small sob escapes him.
“Mostly as usual. He did get into position quickly and did his best to maintain it. He doesn’t have the highest pain tolerance and with a caning, I expected some wiggling. He took it well, and refrained from begging.”
Tony nods jerkily.
Tony shifts his feet apart and grounds his toes into the carpet.
“I am familiar with the protocol, sir.” Steve answered. “But Tony is in no condition, physically or emotionally, to leave this room.”
Tony’s face grows hot with shame.
“Thank you.” Tony says bashfully before laying his head back down on Steve’s thigh.
“Please, Sir!” Tony finally yells. “It hurts!”
“Alright, Tony, they’re all done. Now, I believe you have something to say to Director Fury.” Steve prompts.
“Now, we know everything that occurred up until you brought your sub into your quarters. Can you tell us what happened then?”
Once the inside of Tony’s thighs matches the back of them, and Tony is sobbing limply into the pillow, Steve stops and puts down the spoon.
Tony moves his head up and over enough so he can look at the Director. “I’m sorry for being disrespectful, sir. It was wrong and I hope that you will forgive me for undermining your authority.”
“Yeah sure thing, I'm bringing Bruce to the tower. How about you drop by to the tower over the weekend?” Tony asked.
"This boy, always asking for permission." Sam rolls his eyes.
“Sammy, what happen to your face?” Steve asked as he looks at Sam and then Bucky.
“You said Barnes will be here!” Natasha said.
Lowkey : Princess!
: Thor, my friend. Could you stop using caps lock, it makes you sound angry.
“You made things worse, I can’t lose Steve.” Sam said angrily as tears started flowing down his face.
“Yo kids! Have you seen my athletics cup?” Bucky asked as he walks in wearing his shorts.
“Since when you became a doctor?” Sam asked him.
BlackWidow left the chat.
It was Saturday morning, Sam groans as he got out of bed. It felt like a dream yesterday, the thoughts of making out with Bucky seems like a dream. Sam just sighs and checked his phone. Steve would be there in 30 mins, since they had a beach day today with half of the school population. Sam just took a quick shower and he then packs his bag for later. As Steve arrived, he grabs his bag and breakfast and ran out to the driveway. They drove to the beach where they met Tony Stark and the rest of the group. They had different drinking games which Sam joined. Soon it was night time and they gathered around the bonfire, Sam was watching a group of boys chugging down beers when someone came up to him.
Tony adds BrucieBear to the group
SpiderChild: Nope.
“After you shower.” Steve chuckles.
"Wakanda bullshit is this? Wilson, you honestly never update your roommate bout this election?" Clint asked as he turns to Sam.
BlackWidow : Steve you did what?
“So will Barnes be joining the kissing booth?” Wanda Maximoff asked.
“Babe, no worries. Since everyone got one, do I get one?” Tony asked him as he puts an arm over Steve's shoulders.
“Rule number 9, Sammy!” Steve shouts at him.
SpiderChild : So who won?
H@WKi: I knew it!
“And you rather lose me, I know I’m fucked up.” Bucky said as he looks at Sam.
“Not cool Sammy. Rule Number 9 remember. Hands off my brother, Wilson.” Steve shook his head.
F@LCON: @SpiderChild you call the black widow, Aunt Nat?
“I thought you said Barnes is coming.” Natasha said as she glares at Sam.
“Because you walk like one, and when you fly you look like a penguin.” Steve chuckles.
“Yeah, my ex and all, I just hate her.” Clint said.
"Yes babe, it's a fucking big deal. Did you even submit your vote?" Sam asked as he turns to Bucky.
“Oh, I’m Rogers now to you.” Steve glares at Bucky, who had already got up and ready to punch Steve in the face.
"So what's the story bout this Biden and Trump thing?" Bucky asked as he nudges Sam.
“Plus, you both are like my little brother. I’m always here to protect the both of you.” Bucky reassured you.
“How do I do that Steve? I don’t even know where Bucky is.” Sam sighs.
“Let go!” Sam said angrily and pulled away.
But if you can’t be happy for mine, then you’re not fit to be my bestfriends then.” Sam said as he chokes on his tears.
“Fuck.” Sam breathes out, how the hell does he tell Steve that he just kissed his brother.
“Yes, he’s coming up next.” Sam said as he looks over at Steve.
"Where have you been leaving all this months?" Tony asked him.
“Cross my heart.” Bucky replies.
Tony: Steven Grant Rogers! You did not just throw Peter's Switch out.
SpiderChild : Mr Rogers. Why did you do that?
“Now go, don’t look back and wave goodbye. It’s too romantic and cheesy for me.” Sam chuckles as he pushes Bucky away.
It was the weekend when Tony was busy in his lab when JARVIS announced the arrival of Steve Rogers, Tony looked confuse, why would Steve drop by the lab. Then it hit him, we wanted to hang out with Steve over the weekend. Tony stops whatever he was doing and he ran up to the common level, only to bump head first into Steve's chest.
CaptainA: See you.
“Hop on, it’s getting late and it’s about to rain.” Bucky said, Sam just shook his head and continue walking.
"Is everyone ignoring the fact that Sam and Bucky are married?" Bruce asked.
"Not you, Odinson." Natasha rolls her eyes as she sips her coffee from her mug.
Lowkey: ADOPTED, THOR! >:(
“Number 1: No more fights.” Sam said.
"Since like a month or so? T'Challa officiated our wedding in Wakanda. No big deal." Bucky shrugs.
"I guess it's not the best time to tell Anthony that we're sleeping together?" Loki asked.
Tony: Brucie bear! I miss you! :*
BrucieBear: could someone tell me why the hell was Natasha chasing a green snake?
“Oh, I get it. Enjoy yourself, I’ll go home by myself.” Sam smiles as he waves them goodbye.
“You haven't been to a zoo before?” Tony asked Steve as they made their way to the ticketing booth.
CaptainA: Peter Benjamin Parker, you're supposed to be in class and not texting. :(
BlackWidow : Harls with me, we're at the diner near your school.
F@LCON : You're really a sore loser, Rogers. Peter worked all summer, and saved his allowance for it.
Steve turns to Sam and whispered what he wished for and was hoping for a reply from Sam, only to get from him was: Nope no wish this year. But honestly Sam had wished to see Bucky one last time.
“This is not a prison, Stevie.” Tony chuckles.
Lowkey : Thank you Princess.
“You mean there’s others?” Sam asked.
"Chill guys, my vote doesn't matter. Whoever the president is, I'm okay with it." Bucky shrugs.
“Alright, take care okay. Text me baby.” Bucky said as he pulls Sam into a hug and kissing his soft lips.
“Yea you better run!” Bucky shouts as the boys who ran away.
"You called?" Thor chuckles as he walks into the kitchen.
Shoerii: Surprise me SpiderChild!
BlackWidow: Once I'm back, all of you are dead meat.
“Thanks Bucky.” Sam said as he looks at Bucky.
, Lowkey
“How? What? Why?” Sam stutter when Bucky opens his mask.
"Morning, god Barnes swallow your food." Natasha replied as she rolls her eyes and tossing some napkins towards Bucky.
"How can he not be registered? He's still American." Clint asked.
"Yeah, it wakes me up. What's the news?" Clint replies as he stood up and brushed himself.
“Number 3: No telling anyone about us, just until I know how to tell Steve about us.” Sam said.
"Because you loved me too much and also we were both too drunk when we said our I do's. " Bucky chuckles.
"Husband?" Tony spits out his coffee.
“I’m sorry Sam, I didn’t mean to stood you up. I find that you’re an interesting person actually. Pretty cool honestly. It’s just that” John said.
“So, I might be a little awkward and stuff.” Sam shrugs his shoulders.
So here Sam stood by Steve’s locker, holding onto a chocolate ice cream cone. He was hoping Steve would forgive him. Steve grabs it and then walks over to the nearest trash can and dumps it inside and then walks away, that broke Sam’s heart even more.
“Sup Samuel!” Bucky calls out as he saw Sam.
F@LCON : Kid, I'll get you a new one alright.
“I’m sorry alright.” Sam said as he looks over at Steve.
“Sure thing, Tony. Maybe over the weekend? I need to rest up.” Steve said.
It took Sam a while to reply, he looks at Steve and Tony, then to the crowd and lastly Bucky, he then swallows his saliva and looks directly into Bucky’s eyes.
Sam was pushed through the curtain, covered in blindfold, not knowing where to go, he tried to feel his way only to bump into someone in leather jacket, he or she was pretty buffed. Sam thought Clint’s ex was a girl, how come this person is pretty buffed and smells like a dude, he smells familiar too. Sam just shakes it off and followed the person’s moves.
Barnes changed the group name to STEVE SUCKS!
"Ah so it was the both of you, that i heard while i was in the vent. And i thought it was Tony and Steve having sex." Clint said as he sips his coffee.
“What?” Steve stuttered.
“And you wouldn’t be happy at all. You call yourself my bestfriends but Steve,
THOR: Yes, he's next to me. He says hi to everyone in here.
Tony: He swallows too ;)
“Ever since I get into fights.” Bucky chuckles.
“Are you hiding something from me Sam?” Steve asked.
Loki and Peter started running out of the kitchen, as they pushed Bucky and Sam away. Tony running after them as he fixes his arm, aiming at Loki.
“It does sting a little.” Sam reassured him.
“I would dump him.” Steve said it.
"It's in the news everyday." Natasha said as she closed her papers.
THOR: GREETINGS MY MIDGARDIAN FRIENDS!
RedRiddingWitch : They aren't like you brother, they didn't snoop around.
"That's brutal, coming from you Falcon!" Clint chuckles.
SpiderChild: Why is Mr Stark running away from Aunt Nat?
“What the fuck?” Steve said as he stood by the doorway.
“How many times did I tell you stop bringing people here?” The security guard said again.
“Keep your mouth shut alright Rogers.” Bucky glares at Steve.
"You're married?" Peter coughs out his orange juice.
Barnes: could you go to the store and get popcorns and drinks?
“Come on it’s just awhile.” Miles pulls him again.
“Okay fine, we can give this a shot but we should have rules okay.” Sam said, Bucky just nods.
, Shoerii to the chat
The night was going smoothly, the crowd cheered and enjoyed the kisses. There were weird combos and everyone loved the crowd. Sam couldn’t help it but enjoy the night, until Natasha Romanov came up to him.
Sam walks into the house, clearly still drenched from the rain. His father stood at the steps of the stairs, as he had watched Bucky sending Sam home. He clears his throat.
“Also please be nice to Sam over this weekend, he has a crush on you. And I know you son, you’re gay too. So just be nice to him. And don’t forget the good news alright.” Mrs Barnes said.
“Steve was busy, plus it rained half way home. And I bumped into Bucky. There’s nothing more dad. It’s late, I got to get some rest.” Sam sighs as he took off his sneakers.
“Well, it’s Steve Barnes!” Sam said.
"Sure thing! Guys the streets are packed honestly." Sam sighs as he took a big gulped of his orang juice.
They walked around, and Steve looks at the snakes with a big grin as he had always love snakes. He was showing Tony around, dragging him by the hand as they saw the spiders then the chameleons. Tony chuckles half the time as he watched Steve being a child, they then went around to see the alligators, snapping turtle and even the monitor lizard. Steve was so happy when he walks into the gift shops, he literally grabbed everything, from the stuffed gorilla, to the stuffed penguins. Tony couldn't help it but chuckles. As they made their way to the cashier, Steve dumps everything.
As they rode home, the rain got heavier and heavier. Sam’s guilt kept eating him up inside, he badly wanted to continue the kiss. Bucky had given him his leather jacket to keep himself warm, as the rain got too heavy, Bucky had to stop the bike half way. They got off the bike and ran to a shelter. As both of them stood in the shelter, the lights from outside shone on Bucky’s face, highlighting his wet messy hair and incredible jawline. Sam couldn’t hold it any longer, he took big strides and walks up to Bucky who looked at him confused, Sam cups Bucky face and pulls him into a kiss, Bucky pushed away but within seconds he pulls Sam back. As they kissed into the night, someone had walked up to the shelter and shone a light at them.
CaptainA: Sure thing son. :)
“Where do we get people to do the kissing booth?” Steve asked him.
“Hey no worries alright. Let's say we bought the team gifts.” Tony chuckles as he wraps his arm around Steve's biceps, Steve just smiles at him.
Tony: Hunny, you're not that important now.
“From the look of it, you’re a fucking slut for him.” Steve said and got into the car.
"Bitch, you better run!" Tony warns as he suits up in the kitchen.
“I mean, can you don’t tell Bucky that I tell you that. I got to go.” John sighs.
"Well the worst case scenario, i could assassinate him or something." Bucky said as he finishes his food.
“Just what John?” Sam said.
“We’ll make this work okay, I promise you.” Bucky said as he pulls Sam into a hug, kissing his forehead.
“Yeah, we are.” Steve said, even when he looked confused.
It was during the fundraising meeting, there were so many things running in Sam’s mind, from the fact that they need their own booth and yesterday he got into detention because Bucky punched John Walker in the face because John smacked Sam’s ass. Just when Steve wanted to protect him, Bucky had thrown the first punch, and that’s how they ended up in detention. Which Sam was thankful for because John actually asked him out, John Fucking Walker was gay, and he had asked for Sam’s number so they could hang out some time? But Sam was more concern about what he had to present at this meeting, and then it hit him.
It was the Saturday, Sam had gone to their usual arcade and sat there drinking a milkshake. That’s when Steve came by, Steve puts in the credits for the dance machine for one player first, he then looks up at Sam. He then continues to put it for the player two, which caught Sam by surprise. Sam then got up from the seat and joins Steve on the machine. They danced like how they used to, they then hugged it out when it ended.
“But look at it, he looks evil.” Steve said as he continuously points to it.
“Like you?” Sam jokes.
"You can't even vote." Clint rolls his eyes.
“I’m standing here in front of everyone, I want to say how much I love you and I miss you and I want nothing else but you in my life.” Bucky said as he stood in front of Sam.
“Obviously.” Steve chuckles and leans in for another kiss, the crowd cheered as they watched both of them kisses.
“Sup James.” Sam replies
"Good morning everyone!" Peter suddenly said as he walks into the kitchen.
: You must be Thor's brother then.
“At least I'm not a murderer.” Tony chuckles.
“For Clint, I got you a hawk cos you're hawkeye.” Steve laughs.
Lowkey: I'm not your brother!
“Wow! You just brought me to your hook up place!” Sam said angrily and took off the jacket and threw it at Bucky’s feet and stormed away.
THOR: Banner, could you hulk out and stop her, I'm coming now.
Ever since they were born, they had rules made for each other. Their bestfriends rule.
Just as they walked out of the meeting room, Steve smacks the back of Sam’s head, earning a wince.
“Hey Cap!” Tony calls out
"Mostly alcohol, coffee and poptarts." Bruce shrugs.
“I know. It’s nothing more, just a kiss okay. For charity.” Sam shrugs.
“After the kiss with Bucky, you guys seem to be closer.” Steve questions him.
“We don’t have to do anything fi you don’t want to.” Bucky said as he pulls away.
“Nope, I want this.” Sam said as he pulls Bucky back, kissing his soft lips.
And right now, Sam was about to break rule number 9.
SpiderChild : Sure thing Sam :((
“I love you, dumbass. Don’t do anything stupid alright.” Sam said as he looks into Bucky’s eyes.
bl@ckPanther : Son?
"Sometimes i wish your dad had used some protection when he had sex with your mum." Sam rolls his eyes.
Tony: Did someone give too much coffee to Peter?
BrucieBear: No promises.
"They more interested in voting right now." Clint replies.
:Are we invited too?
As they walked around the zoo, Tony could see the excitement in Steve's eyes as he watched the zookeeper fed the tigers, he watched as the seal balance on the ball, he watched the penguin walking in a straight line, then he turned to Tony, with a huge question mark above his head.
“Sam, get in the car.” Bucky said as he chased after Sam, who happened to ignore him.
“Haha very funny.” Bucky said.
“Number 2: you can’t control me.” Sam said.
"Technically he's already dead, Barton." Bruce rolls his eyes.
SpiderChild: Hi Professor Banner! :))
“No worries. And I’ll take this.” Bucky said as he grabs both their ice cream.
CaptainA: Is no one going to ask why did Bucky change the group name?
Sam just smiles at him, and they held hands. Bucky then leans over and kissed Sam’s lips. Sam then deepens the kiss by pulling Bucky closer. Bucky slides his hands under Sam’s shirt and rubbing his torso, Sam shivers at the sudden cold air.
“No, it’s okay, I got it.” Mrs Barnes said as she pulls the socks from under the bed.
“Does it still hurt?” Bucky asked as he prepares another cotton ball.
“I’ll miss you.” Sam whispers as he watched Bucky goes up the escalator.
“How could I, when you take all the stupid with you. And I love you too.” Bucky replied.
“You’re not invited Samuel!” Bucky chuckles.
They ended up driving up to the hills, where the Hollywood sign were. Bucky had set down a mat for them to sit down, which Sam just took a seat cos he was tired.
“It’s Clint’s ex, she’s pretty clingy and all.” Natasha said as she winks to Clint.
“I bet you, that penguin is evil. He might have murdered someone. Maybe HYDRA's penguin.” Steve said with determined as he points to a random penguin.
Sam was finally happy and his world came crushing down. He wants to be happy at the same time he wants others to be happy too, he was willing to sacrifice everything for others, especially for Steve. If it makes Steve happy, he rather not be happy and just be heart broken forever. Sam decided to end the night early and just went to bed, at the other side of town Steve was having a conversation with Bucky.
“Thanks Andrews.” Bucky sighs as he turned to the security guard.
“Well, he better be, I’m waiting.” Natasha said as she flips her hair and walked away.
SpiderChild: but it's P.E, we're watching a video of you talking about stuff. :))
“I'm sorry.” Steve pouts as he grabs the things.
Barnes: Get on with the time, old man. Can't believe you're dating a genius and you're still dumb, Rogers.
“Come on, let me blindfold you.” Sam said as he spins Steve around and puts a blindfold on him.
"Wait, Mr Wilson is sleeping with Mr Barnes?" Peter asked.
"Why are you even talking bout sex?" Natasha rolls her eyes as she turns to Clint.
"Wow, that's a way to talk to your husband. You're sleeping on the floor tonight." Bucky said as he smacks Sam's chest.
"My money is on Biden." Thor said.
F@LCON : He was a nice guy.
“H-Howard? What happened?” Rogers was starting to shiver, his arms wrapped around himself as he finally lifted his gaze to fix Tony with an imploring look.
“He’s barely any bigger.” Someone said, their tone disappointed but the volume was too much.
He blasted off, gripping the harness to bring Barton with him. He didn’t have any kind of hand holes in his suit as he’d never really worked as part of a team before, at least not to this extent. That time helping out Reed Richards didn’t count and he had only needed to carry the man because his boyfriend had to set himself on fire to fly.
“Who are you supposed to be?” One of the prisoners asked him, squinting up at Steve.
“This isn’t a consultation.” The agent said, not looking nearly as awkward as he should have while holding someone else’s champagne flute.
------
‘Sorry.’ Steve winced, tugging nervously on his helmet. ‘I… It’s good to see you?’
Another blast of the weapon was again blocked by the shield Bucky held, but the force of the blast threw him backwards. Steve threw his shield, knocking the guy out again and he ran to the gap.
“I know it’s his turn tomorrow, but he can swap. I’ll get a full night tomorrow, but I don’t want him getting sick.” The blond shrugged as he stretched out beside his friend.
He could hear is guide explaining that they were locating the cube to Fury as he hurried back to them.
At the table on the bridge, Steve sat beside Tony as Fury stood before them. He’d taken off his outer jacket of the costume, and he wished he could take the clunky boots off. He wished he could go to sleep and wake up in a hospital somewhere in Greenland, back in 1945… he wanted to go back to the comfort of familiar things in familiar times…
“I don’t need help.” He decided. “I can do this.”
“Well, I really wouldn’t know, now would I?” She raised her eyebrow at him as she tapped off the screen, barely hiding her own smile.
He’d died back when Tony had been nineteen; Obadiah had taken over Stark Industries until Tony had turned twenty one, but more than twenty years ago. Maybe Rogers had watched that documentary that came out after Iron Man became really popular, where they had talked the unclear beginnings of Stark Industries and how Howard had built it up.
“No idea.” Steve replied, not even half his attention on the conversation as he checked their route. “All five senses though.”
A moment later and the light faded, then the cube burnt through the floor of the plane. Choosing not to worry about it, Steve grabbed his shield and headed over to the pilot’s seat. He tugged off his helmet, sat down and checked the flight plan… which was not good.
“Sounds perfect.” Falsworth sighed, smiling slightly. “I might never leave.”
“An intelligence organisation that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome.”
“Loki’s gonna drag this out. So, Thor, what’s his play?” Steve looked up at the other alien, hoping he would have some insight. He’d been told they were siblings, so hopefully he’d be able to provide some clue as to what exactly Loki was doing.
“Well if that thing gets up to speed, you’ll be shredded.”
But the anger seeped out as quickly as it had come on.  She’d be ninety one by now, assuming she was still alive; it would be awful if she had been unable to find the happiness of a family in all that time. It was just, Steve kinda longed for a family, for someone to stand by his side while they raised little people, hopefully with fewer troubles than his own Ma had struggled with… He hoped she had been happy after the war, but Steve didn’t suppose there was any way back to live that life with her.
“You don’t have one of those, do you?” Bucky asked softly, from where he was crouched down.
“This is beyond you, metal man.” Thor stated, his voice evening out as he spoke with confidence. “Loki will face Asgardian justice.”
“Ah. He resented my genius and tried to deny me what was rightfully mine, but he gave you everything.” He looked Steve up and down, as though genuinely confused by him. “So, what made you so special?”
Steve clenched his fists and stepped closer. “Stark so help me God! If you make one more wisecrack-”
In silence, they made their way through the cars, their bond thrumming comfortably between them which was always a comfort when they were working. The Hydra weapons always had an odd smell to them, and as soon as he noticed it, Steve turned to look at Bucky.
“That I understand.” Erskine grinned at him. “But, you have improved a great deal since you first arrived.”
“Whatever. Ms Potts? Got a second?” He tapped into one of the folder’s labelled ‘Banner’ and noticed a large collection of reports, photos, video clips and other documents. “You know, I thought we were having a moment.”
“Well, if it isn’t my favourite chorus girl.” And Steve could almost see the bitter emotions churning beneath the surface, just on the man’s face. “What are you singing for me today?”
When he was close enough, he could only lift one arm to reach for it, but once it was by his side, he relaxed.
Steve had no memory of that conversation and, judging by the wide smile, Tony was aware of that.
“Three, two, one, go!” Dum Dum counted them in with a smirk on his face, eyes bright as Steve, Bucky, Jim and Gabe began to stuff the mystery stew down their throats. Falsworth, Jacques and Dum Dum were unenthusiastically stirring their own as they watched their friends gag.
“We’ll do that later.” The doctor assured her in a calm tone as he quickly herded her back out. “I’m just going to send him back to his room for now.”
He grabbed hold of it, resting it on his back and began to gently angle it upwards, aiming for the portal.
“That would be good.” She said as they headed out the door.
“They never end.” He gasped as he rolled over.
“He’s an astrophysicist.” Bruce stated as he twisted his hands around his glasses.
“Okay.” He sighed as he clambered up, the screens flickering before his eyes. As the high voltage began to approach, Tony fired his repulsor and kicked him back.
He followed Tony’s scent along the corridor until he stepped into a room in time to see his guide prodding Bruce. “Hey! Are you nuts?”
Rogers nodded his head, but stayed where he was.
When he arrived at Central Park, Steve smiled to see the others arriving too. Bruce was carrying a case that held the Tesseract as he scrambled out of Tony’s car.
“It’s impressive how bad this is.” Steve said as Jacques got up to go retch into a bush. “Did you use the last of our rations on it?”
The electrical discharge that was fired at him in response was absorbed by the suit and as JARVIS stated “Power at four hundred percent capacity.” Tony smirked. It was good to know that the modifications he’d made to his suit (after his encounters with Ivan Vanko and his electrified whips that had been powered by an arc reactor) had been successful. He hadn’t fought with anyone who threw lightning or electricity around in several years now so his tests had all been done in his workshop.
Fury was silent on the other end, and Tony could almost feel his glare from across the city.
Steve wriggled closer to slip under his arm and Bucky couldn’t help the sigh of relief as his friend pressed his face into his shoulder. They had crossed over into the German lines, and the bodies scattered weren’t their own, but the looks of terror on their faces were enough to turn Bucky’s stomach. Times like this made it hard to remember why he’d ever wanted to be a soldier.
“Did you know about this?” Bruce asked as Natasha entered the room with Thor, his eyes focussed on his guide.
“So, Loki, huh?” Tony said as he turned to address the alien on the jet. “What are you up to?”
He frowned up at it for a moment. “Who are you?” He wondered if there was someone watching him from another room; he couldn’t see any cameras but if that man had been telling the truth and it was now 2012, then maybe they could hide them in the walls with some sort of covering to hide the lens but not obscure the view.
Dr Erskine smiled over at him as he made his way over to the desk that had been set up outside for him.
The thought had him laying into the punching bag even harder, his fists flying as he tried to push the thoughts from his head. He had spoken to Fury yesterday, JARVIS had informed him the man was calling and so he’d accepted the contact. The man had at least been sympathetic to his circumstances, but he also had the demeanour of a busy leader who needed every soldier in the right place. Steve could only hide here for so long before his leave ran out and he had to get going.
And as docile as before, Rogers allowed himself to be led away.
“We were right.” Gabe said from behind them, as he listened in on the radio. “Doctor Zola’s on the train. Hydra dispatcher gave him permission to open up the throttle.” Gabe straightened up. “Wherever he’s going, they must need him bad.”
“Giving Jacques a night off?”
“And he ran.” Tony concluded.
Fury objected, but Tony ignored him and forced a grin onto his face as the sentinel let him pull back. “C’mon then, buddy. Let’s head off.” And meek as a lamb, with an unnervingly innocent, wide-eyed expression on his face, Rogers took Tony’s hand and trotted obediently after him.
“Hey, you’re not alone Steve. Come on, not alone. I’ve got you. Deep breaths for me.” He stepped closer again, allowing his body to press against the kid’s as he wrapped an arm over his shoulders. “If you need me to count breaths, I can do that. But it’s probably better if you do the counting. Okay?”
“She reminds me of Ma Barnes, Bucky’s mom.” They had the same smile, and the same demeanour that encouraged confidence.
He put his compass up, so he could see her picture.
“Weren’t you about to…?”
As Peggy went to speak to Stark, Steve sat in the back of the plane and had a go at meditating. He watched as Sandra, his Puma, stretched out before him. His Spirit animal met his gaze flatly.
The tactic wasn’t entirely successful as Thor pushed back hard enough that Tony lost control of the flight and they hurtled back to the ground. Wincing at the impact, which was only partially cushioned by his suit, he threw a fist at Thor in response to his attack but the man captured his right wrist, his other hand clamped around Tony’s left hand and his strength was causing problem with the integrity of the suit; it wasn’t designed to be crushed by a super strong alien and he could hear the strain of the metal.
“What do you mean? All this came from you,” She was the one who had pushed him to focus, refusing to let him drink and wallow in response to Steve’s silence. She had supported his move to tech development as Stark Industries began making phones and tablets instead of weapons, she argued his case to the board when their stock had taken a dive, she’d spoken to the different government agencies (including SHIELD) to get them to buy his secure communication systems instead of his bombs and she had encouraged him when he’d started thinking about clean energy.
He heard her sniff, a dainty little thing that broke his heart.
“Maybe don’t search out for them on your own though.” Dr Foster suggested after another few moments. “I’m sure Mr Stark would find the time to search with you. It may be good to have that support there in case things become overwhelming.”
He rocketed passed the Baxter building, where he could see an orange rock-man leaping from one Chitauri to another, knocking them out as he went. He could feel pulses of adrenaline coming from Steve as the man apparently got rattled around, but Tony couldn’t do anything to stop the jet from going down. He about-faced, intending to head back towards Central Park and towards the busier sections of midtown to try and protect anyone still there but he froze as a flying monster climbed up the drain and out the hole at the top, but despite emerging from what looked visually like a glowing sink, this was no itsy-bitsy spider; it was an enormous space whale with more of the Chitauri riding it, like some kind of vehicle they had hitched a ride on, like the warriors riding Oliphaunts in the Lord of the Rings.
“There isn’t much call for delicacy, but it can be done.” Thor assured them. “Where is best to strike you?”
“I try.” He ran his fingers through his messy hair. “Rhodey has a suit too for use with the air force. His sees more action than mine does.”
“So… you build stuff? Like Howard did?” He inquired eventually as he padded over in his long pants to sit on a stool by the counter.
Steve stepped forwards. “All right, listen up.” The confidence that came along their bond was stronger than the trepidation, and that gave Tony hope that they could do this. “Until we can close that portal up there, our main priority is containment. Barton, I want you on that roof; eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the perimeter; anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or you turn it to ash.”
He lost his grip on his shield, but exchanged blows with Schmidt anyway, trying to keep him away from his weapon. Wrapping his arms around the man’s torso, he kicked against a metal strut, pushing them backwards; Schmidt lost his balance and they rolled over the glowing, blue core in the middle of the room.
But he supposed there could be another screaming man out of shot of the painting, another distressed figure that was the artist’s sister, locked in a place where everything seemed strange and frightening, trapped from the familiar outside world… Maybe he was the sister, locked away by the ice and now forced into a new age, and the screaming man was Howard and Peggy and the Commandos, forced to continue on without him.
“Yes you.” Cooper smiled, sitting beside him on the bench. “The real Captain America.”
One of the two remaining pilots got into the plane for New York, and the other pilot tackled Steve as he tried to pull him back out. He dropped his shield in the aircraft, and then all three of them were falling, one in the pilot seat and himself and the other pilot clinging to the bomb.
“I’ll still follow you, Captain Rogers.” Gabe hollered out, his serious tone ruined by the grin that was splitting across his face.
Moving quickly, he knocked out the guards and took their keys.
“It’s like calisthenics.” Then fought a grin at the expression Steve was pulling. “You might have missed a few things doing time as a capsicle.” The jolt of misery let Tony know that mentioning ice might not be a good idea.
Coulson held up a black folder. “We need you to look this over as soon as possible.”
“I’ll head down in a bit. JARVIS said he’s busy with something important right now.” Rhodey looked him up and down again. “I’d rather learn a bit about you.”
“We found someone though. Some Jewish kid tied up with rope.” Steve said as they headed back through the sewer. “The others have taken him back to camp. German, I think. Was thinking you could ask him what he wants to do? If we should leave him by some town, or bring him with us, or something else?”
“How’d your search and rescue going?” Tony asked as he headed over to Steve’s side. “Did you get in contact with anyone about it?”
And with that thought, he moved; he didn’t like the idea that Pepper was talking to SHIELD agents without him. “His first name is ‘Agent’.”
Sixty seven years… He should have been approaching twenty three, not ninety! He shivered as he held back laughter; growing up, he’d always hoped to just make it to his next birthday and in the army, he just hoped to make it to the end of his next mission. He would never have thought he could make it to eighty nine. Never.
“What have you done?” Schmidt whispered, picking up the glowing blue cube that had fallen out. “No!”
“There are still libraries?” Steve asked, a bolt of relief thundering through him at her words. “With proper books?”
“Shit.” He swore under his breath as he increased his thrusters to fly away from the beast. “None of my attacks can get through it.” He began to loop around a building to move in front of it. “JARVIS, you ever hear the tale of Jonah?”
“It flies, I have repulsors which use particle beam technology. But basically, they burn things.” Tony grabbed his wrist and pulled him along for a closer look. “With flying, I had issues with the atmosphere.”
Rogers took a deep, shuddering breath as he huddled closer to Tony, but his gaze moved away and looked around. “M-My water.”
“Then leave it urgently.” He insisted as the elevator opened and Coulson stepped through.
Then the bench he was lying on lifted up and the chamber closed around him. He let out a shaky breath as he waited for the next bit to start, but jumped as someone tapped on the metal and his ability to feel everything suddenly came rushing back.
“Then don’t take my stuff.” He replied simply, his face plate sliding up so he could see without the added extras.
Steve led them through the corridors, carefully listening for anything that sounded out of place, but there were very few people around.
, Steve had always been worried that he was going to break everything.
“Yeah. Big man in a suit of armour. Take that off, what are you?” Nothing that compared to Howard, as far as he could see, nor Peggy, nor Bucky, or Dum Dum, Jim, Falsworth, Gabe or Jacques. Steve didn’t trust this man with his life and he wasn’t sure if he ever would.
Loki grabbed him by the neck and threw him to the ground.
Her confidence was stunning, and Steve gaped after her, open mouthed. He had to find some way to explain that the private had kissed him and not the other way around.
Rogers’ cool hand still grasping his own. “You up to speaking yet?” He asked casually as he led the kid over to the kitchen area and shoved him into one of the bar stools at the counter.
He put his glass on the side and muttered “S-Steve.” With his eyes still down.
“This is….” He pressed his fingertips to the screen and flung it out, his own system fully compatible with SHIELD’s tech as his own holographic displays took over. “…this.”
It was another week until Steve got a chance to see Tony’s suits.
“You may need to tell someone that. They don’t seem to notice anything I say.” His tone was bitter, but Stark just sighed, unable to refute the truth.
“Yeah. Not sure where Thor’s putting Loki but…” Tony trailed off without finishing his thought, but Steve didn’t mind.
“Well… shit.”
As he fired off another volley of small rockets back at the beast, Tony grinned. Bruce must have turned up.
“Where?” Bruce interrupted, his temper suddenly flaring up again. “You rented my room.”
“Don’t you dare.” He replied, lips twitching as he spoke the words; Steve could very rarely resist a dare, but he wasn’t going to go talk to Mrs Barnes now. “My point is that I’ll be fine. I know that it’s a bit far, but unlike you and don’t argue me this, I am more than fit enough to go out and fight.”
“And you won’t?” She raised an elegant eyebrow.
Steve giggled, his eyes wide as he imagined Bucky getting told off. “Ma’s not scary.”
“We’ll have the band play something slow.” He kind of wanted to shut his eyes, to block out the white, but they seemed to be frozen open. “I’d hate to step your toe-”
“The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that. What have I to fear?” Loki asked, and honestly? Counselling. The ability to pay someone to sit and listen to him. That was what Loki needed more than the ability to rule humanity because realistically, humanity was shit at respecting authority that they didn’t like; they stuck their heads in the sand and refused to listen to anything they didn’t want to hear. Loki was setting himself up for disappointment.
“Okay.” Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair and casting a fleeting glance at the whiskey under the counter. Rogers had to be over twenty one, but maybe it was better to stick to water until he could talk again. Stepping over to the fridge, he poured them both a glass of cold water. “Here. So… Do you know who I am?”
“Didn’t something blow up last year?” Steve asked as he kept pace with his sentinel. “I’m pretty sure I remember an explosion.”
“’m ‘wake.” He informed him, managing to open his eyes enough to see where he was putting his feet, but he didn’t notice anything from sitting in the car to waking up in the morning, with JARVIS informing him that Tony was awake and he had slept for nearly fifteen hours.
“Selvig?”
With a deep sigh of utter relief, Steve stood up and held a hand out to Tony, hiding his own wince as his wounded body throbbed all over; he felt sore everywhere.
Seven, Eight, Nine… The nurse was moving bits on the machine to come rest on his chest… Eleven, Twelve…
“It’s powered by an arc reactor; a self-sustaining energy source.” Bruce explained. “That building will run itself for, what? A year?”
“I’ve only got enhanced touch, Steve. I told them I was stable.” Bucky stepped closer as his volume dropped.
“Levels are holding steady, I think.” Pepper stated when she spotted him, pointing to a steaming mug on the desk. On the table by the sofa, he could see the ice bucket with champagne, but he was never going to reject a cup of coffee.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. It took a lot of work to get it right, and I still change things when I find problems.” The man shrugged, but he was starting to relax as he chatted about something he was clearly passionate about. “You see, the main thing was getting it to fly. I was… I built the first one after I got captured in the desert, so I needed something to fly well enough to get me far from their base and across the sand without having to walk the full way.”
“Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things.” He downed the rest of his coffee, grimacing slightly at the burn of hot liquid before following her. “Also, the security snafu? That was on you.”
“Like the alcohol?” He guessed.
.” Steve said gently, and Tony could feel his concern pulsing.
“You’d better come back.” He huffed and looked around.
“Steve? He okay?” Bucky called out softly, still near the doorway.
Tony simply handed the clothing over. “I met you today. I’m not lending you boxers. You can put your other stuff on when you get up. Should be dry by then.”
------
Tony stepped back, his stomach churning. “For taking on Loki alone.” He shouldn’t have had to. Tony was the so-called super hero, and he’d been unable to confront the guy. Steve had insisted that Loki had come too easily, and the guy had surrendered without a fuss; they should have realised that something was up!
“Engine three. I’ll meet you there.” Tony said, pointing Steve along another corridor as he stopped at a room that had been labelled ‘tech room’ on the schematic.
“Well, I think that was meant for you.” He gestured to Tony, and Steve felt interest glimmer along their bond as the guide held out the back of fruit for Bruce. “Even if Barton didn’t tell Loki about the tower, it was still all over the news.”
“Nope.” Steve admitted as he ran towards him, managing to disarm him with a swing of his shield.
“Yeah. Not a child, I don’t think. But not an adult?” He said, listening to whispers of “Mach das nicht”, spoken in a voice that kept breaking in the middle. “Come on.”
“That’s a little bit tougher to explain.” It wasn’t a long one, but he had no time… There were still six bombs in position and then the seventh that Steve had crashed back on board.
“Hop in then.” Stark turned around and headed back into his plane, Steve and Peggy following. “Where are we going?”
.” His CEO decided, her mind apparently already moving on from enjoying the moment. “
“No. I just thought you might like to know all our thoughts about side effects.”
“You may. Your state of dress is acceptable and shoes are optional.” Mr Jarvis assured him.
“On the note of you moving in.” Tony began as he handed over another burger. “I’ve get some stuff to do in Malibu next week, so you should come along.”
“What? You taking everybody?” The man in the bowler hat asked as Steve continued to unlock cages.
“Peggy.” He said as he dipped the plane again, determined to do the right thing.
Was the future so advanced that Tony just assumed he would know what he was looking at? “
They moved over to the next empty strip of land, as Stark landed and Steve found himself pulling the other man into a tight hug before he had chance to think better.
He was tempted to keep listening as the men began to talk, but he found that his guide was able to soothe away the worst of the pain of his broken bond but the absence of it combined with the relaxed atmosphere meant that he was seriously tempted to get some shut-eye with his face tucked into Tony’s neck like some kind of child.
Peggy’s was an even more welcome voice. “Peggy! Schmidt’s dead.”
Steve honestly wished he could switch off his hearing like some sentinels could; he didn’t want to hear this…
Steve might have agreed if the plan was to take the base on his own, rather than provide a distraction. “He told me you were insane.” He had to fight to keep the manic grin off his own face. Something about staring danger in the face always got his heart beating.
“So you…” Steve wondered if she was going to say no to Stark later, if she might have said yes if Steve had asked her. “Would you… fondue?” His words didn’t come out right at all, but asking a woman what she thought of him was difficult.
“Indeed.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a khaki canvas wallet. “Now, shall we play?”
“’Kay.”
Inside the main living room, Pepper was focussed on the screens. She still wore a pair of shorts as a concession to the rising summer heat and Tony paused for a moment to admire the view. She really was gorgeous and he genuinely wished they could have made it work… but they argued too much and he valued her friendship more than he wanted to get laid.
Howard shrugged, still smiling slightly. “That’s the rarest metal on Earth. What you’re holding there? That’s all we’ve got.”
“You can’t give me orders.” Peggy objected.
As Steve hid, Schmidt pulled out another weapon.
“I’m a sentinel.” He said, though he didn’t explain that he hadn’t always been. “But it got rid of my asthma and stuff, and I’m stronger now than I ever was.”
“I do!” Steve jumped in, happy that there was something in this conversation he fully understood. He’d seen the Wizard of Oz twice at the movie theatre, more than happy to pay his twenty five cents both times to lose himself in another world for the length of the film. For a moment, the strongest emotion in the room to Steve was Tony’s fond exasperation as the young sentinel glanced back at his guide. “I understood that reference.” It was the first time that had happened in this new world.
It seemed like very little time before someone else had found him. “Come on, buddy.” The guy murmured, and the gentle words were soothing enough for Steve to uncurl. A warm hand rested on his wet head, and they both gasped as Steve’s awareness of the world wrapped around the speaker.
“What is phase two?” Tony asked the spy as Steve joined them and dropped the weapon onto a table.
“Threat! Verbal Threat. I feel threatened.” The man was so patronising! How Steve had ended up with this as a guide, he didn’t know.
“This is your transponder.” Peggy handed over a small, mechanical box, completely ignoring his attempt at a question. “Activate it when you’re ready and the signal will lead us straight to you.”
“To tear us apart.” Steve replied simply, and he wasn’t wrong but there had to be more.
“It was painful. And Doctor Erskine was killed so…” He paused for a moment, sadness enveloping him as he remembered, but Bucky nudged his arm and pulled him back to the conversation. “So I went feral straight away, until Howard Stark touched me.”
“Wow.” Cooper whispered, his jaw hanging. “So you actually do have super powers?”
“You said that Erskine wanted more for me than this.” He said, hands braced on the side of the vehicle. “Do you agree?” Did she think he was more than a chorus girl? He had been through basic training. He could do this… but it would be nice to hear it from someone else.
“As soon as I’m clear, you turn this thing around and get the hell out of here.” Steve yelled back, his eyes taking in the landscape below him as he tried to estimate where he would land.
“What happened?” Bucky wondered as they ran through the dying fires towards the tree line.
“Captain Rogers.” Stark interrupted, and Steve could feel his guide’s building frustration at the situation.
Tony nodded. “It runs off my arc reactor.” He tapped the disc on his chest. “And yeah, but you can’t just shoot electricity at something and expect it to absorb it.”
“Yes sir.” Came back in various intonations as Bucky smiled at him.
“I see he waited.” The younger man commented in a suspicious tone as he lifted a hand to tap his ear piece. “Black Widow? We’re ready to head up.”
” Fury’s urgent voice came over the comm. “
“Only because they don’t know what they’re looking for.” Cooper retorted, but his eyes were gentle. “You volunteered for a dangerous experiment with the hopes that you could help win the war. Doesn’t matter what you look like, those’re the actions of a hero, if you ask me.”
A file appeared off to one side, containing a photo of a slimy looking guy with dark hair and eager eyes. “This is Loki of Asgard, brother to Thor. He destroyed SHIELD HQ and brainwashed a number of people, including Agent Barton using a spear. He stole the Tesseract.” Loki’s photo was replaced with the guy who had been shooting a bow and arrow in the files Coulson had given him.
Bruce scoffed, and Steve felt a protective flare from him that was at odds with the rapidly building anger. “And Captain America is on the threat poll?”
“I know. But this is good. Means I’m fully trained, I’ve got a smart uniform, better made than any of my other stuff.”
“People have been to the moon?” Steve’s jaw dropped at the idea, and he honestly wanted to hear more about that than some fancy new armour.
Steve went for his gun, but Schmidt’s second punch knocked him off his feet. Landing on his back on the walkway, he lifted both his feet and kicked Schmidt hard in the chest as he stepped over him, sending the other man flying back, and he scrambled to his feet.
“Shit.” Tony repeated, pressing a gauntleted hand to his face. “Okay. L-Let’s head back to the bridge.”
“We’re in the middle of bloody nowhere.” Falsworth huffed, one hand on his rucksack, which had Stanley’s camera in; they’d left the man at their camp rather than dragging him into this. Falsworth had promised to take photographs and tell him what had happened. “They probably aren’t expecting anyone.”
“Of the people in this room, which one is A) wearing a spangly outfit, and B) not of use?” Tony managed to dig into a root problem; Steve wasn’t sure what he should be doing; they only had one foe at the moment and he was sat in the helicarrier’s prison cell.
“A hero? Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.” Tony stepped close enough to Steve to smell his breath without trying as his words cut deeply because Tony wasn’t wrong; the most Steve had been able to do before was change the location of where he got beat up occasionally, he’d never been anything impressive. If Erskine hadn’t picked him, he would have died years ago from all his different health issues and his lack of money to pay for anything.
“Not without me.” The engineer spoke up before he could help himself as he felt something in his head fuse with the captain’s mind as the young man tucked his face into Tony’s neck.
“Please tell me he’s alive, sir. B-A-R-” Steve interrupted, needing an answer.
Steve smelt his guide before he heard him, but the man answered Bruce as he entered the room. “It’s a stabilising agent.” Tony finished his conversation with Coulson as they both approached the table. “It means the portal won’t collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD.”
“Like what?” He asked, quietly annoyed at himself for not asking Tony if he knew what Steve was allowed to discuss with people.
------
“Yes sir.”
“You lied? You had a go at me and you lied too?” Which was utterly unfair. Bucky complained that Steve was lying on his forms all the time.
“I told you when I started basic training, I’ll be fine.” Bucky assured him, stepping close enough to nudge Steve with his shoulder.
He scowled as he saw Steve on the floor, his shield lying some distance away and Loki standing over him, staff in hand. Flying down towards them, he fired his repulsors and blasted the alien out of Steve’s way. He spotted the kid jumping to his feet and grabbing his shield as he landed and showed Loki how armed he was.
Steve was being judged on his height… he could tell from the way Schmidt’s gaze went up and down. He hated it. He walked up close to Schmidt and punched him in the face, same as he had so many bullies. “You got no idea.” He said, not quite growling.
Steve nodded his head and allowed Bucky to lead the way, his distress a high note that strummed over and over along their bond as they stepped over bodies, through puddles and dodged the gigantic vermin that crawled about.
“I’m on it.” Tony assured him as they hurried down some stairs. He glanced back at Steve. “I’m gonna get my suit and fly out there. I need you to head to the engine from inside the carrier. It’ll take too long to do this all by myself.”
Steve heard the bullet pierce the air but couldn’t make his trembling limbs move in time. Erskine’s body dropped to the floor and the young soldier crawled up to look into his eyes. As everyone seemed to explode to life behind him, Steve focussed on his friend.
“Yes!” He replied eagerly, but then gestured to his wrists and ankles, which were tightly bound with rope.
“I can do that.” Steve replied even though he wasn’t sure. He barely even knew Stark, and instead of getting time to spend time together and develop their bond, he was getting locked away while the inventor got to go off and help the war effort. It felt wrong.
“Yes sir.”
“Thanks.” He nodded, taking a sip from his coffee cup and sighed at finding it was still warm.
“I’m sorry, isn’t everything?”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest, visibly fighting to keep a straight face. “And now there are two of you for nagging? No. I’ve changed my mind, you can’t stay on my floor anymore. In fact, I think I’ll just hand both of you over to Fury.”
“But you’re not the only people out there, are you? And you’re not the only threat.” Fury turned to look at them, his eyes meeting Steve’s for a moment before sliding over to Bruce. “The world’s filling up with people who can’t be matched, that can’t be controlled.”
“Yes. I’ve met them.” His smile really was unsettling.
The alien glanced up at him, smirked slightly, but then dropped his gaze and stared at the floor without speaking.
“Rogers. Good to see you too.” But despite his joking tone, Steve could feel Stark relaxing against him.
Expanding the scan of his helmet, Tony searched for the best way to remove the wiring without having to restart from scratch. “What happened?”
“Would if I could, JARVIS, but that’s not an option.” He headed out through the walk ways to a section of the ship which had a hole torn in the side, near to engine three. “Loki is using the cube to bring an alien army through to New York.”
Bucky whined softly as he pulled his hands away and sat on them. “I can’t. I keep trying to count them but it hurts so much.”
He turned and ran down the corridor that the men had pointed him down, sighing in relief when he picked up a scent that was undeniably Bucky. His friend was here.
“Got it.” Bucky nodded, thankfully never argumentative when it mattered.
“I’m not going to sit in a factory, Bucky. Come on.” He wasn’t some cowardly weakling who needed protecting. Sure he had asthma and got sick every winter, but it really wasn’t that big a deal; he could cope. “There are men laying down their lives. I got no right to do any less than them. That’s what you don’t understand. This isn’t about me.”
“Security breach.” He objected before pointing a fingers in Pepper’s direction. “It’s on you.”
“Sir, I’ve turned off the arc reactor, but the device is already self-sustaining.” Ordinarily, he’d be thrilled at that news, as it meant the whole thing had gone off without any hitches. Unfortunately, it wasn’t what he needed right now.
” Natasha asked, and Tony realised they must have regrouped in the streets.
“Bucky!” he gasped, and he grabbed his arm. The skin contact blew their bond wide open, and Steve nearly crashed to his knees. “Bucky…”
“Nothing to say?” He asked as he heard Natasha talking to Fury in the front.
Steve laughed as he headed off to the street. “He doesn’t shout or use a cane.”
“Pepper.” He interrupted without regret. “You’re killing me. The moment, remember? Enjoy the moment.”
“Yeah. That’s just previews. This is, this is opening night. And Loki? He’s a full-tilt diva, right?” All eyes on him because he wanted to step out his brother’s shadow. “He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered… Son of a bitch.”
For the most part, he had spent his days so far trying to relax and failing. Now that his body had caught up on the rest required for his healing, insomnia and nightmares had taken over in equal measure.
“I can feel ‘em crawling in my hair.” Bucky whispered, his eyes creasing in distress as his pale fingers reached up to scratch at his scalp.
“Doctor Erskine said that the serum wouldn’t just affect my muscles, it would affect my cells. Create a protective system of regeneration and healing. Which means I can’t get drunk.” He told her, before she could even say anything; it seemed important to explain the main problem first. “Did you know that?”
Tony quirked a smile at him before continuing. “I also make Iron Man suits, but those are only for me and Rhodey, uh my friend.”
“What?” Fury sounded genuinely surprised and the statement, but Tony could feel the panic in the sentinel’s mind starting to retreat. But the growls had settled to soft rumbles and he heard Fury sigh “You have got to be kidding me. Stark, Captain Rogers has just woken from a coma to find his guide is dead. They had a true bond. ” But Fury wasn’t foolish enough to step any closer.
” Natasha said, clearly speaking to someone without an earpiece in. “
Still, trailing around with Captain Cooper, or Captain America as the bond companies liked to call him, had to be better than being constantly subject to the curiosity of scientists. He’d get to be outside and he could have a conversation with someone who wasn’t after particular information; honestly, Steve never thought he’d miss small talk.
Not that Bucky totally agreed with the idea that friends were like siblings. He still had two brothers and often said he would rather Steve be his friend, but it didn’t change his friend’s caring nature, no matter what he said their friendship was.
They had trekked for days through Nazi Germany, then they had taken a small outpost with vehicles. Dum Dum had taught him how to start a car without the key, and Jacques had taught him how to drive; overall, Steve had really enjoyed this particular trip. They’d driven the two vehicles they’d taken for nearly two more days before dumping them and trekking quietly the rest of the way.
------
“Give me your co-ordinates. I’ll find you a safe landing site.”
“That’s okay. I like JARVIS.” Then he gave the man a soft smile. “And you should call me Steve.” It’d be nice to have his first friend in this new century.
It sure looked like a factory floor, but as he made his way across, Steve couldn’t begin to guess what they were making. He grabbed one of the small, glowing boxes before carrying on, as Stark would probably know what he was looking at.
“I forgot about that.” Falsworth admitted, scratching as his head as he flopped back onto the ground. “Hope we find this base tomorrow.”
He approached them, his eyes on the papers in his hand. “Mr Rogers, you are going to-”
“Why shouldn’t the guy let off a little steam?” Tony’s anger was cooling too, but Steve’s was still amplified by everyone else’s.
“Come on, you’re kind of missing the point of a double date.” Bucky shoved his shoulder as he found his guide staring despondently at a poster. “We’re taking the girls dancing.”
“So if you got us leave passes, did you make plans?” Bucky asked, more interested in his time off than anything else.
“Hell, Steve? You okay?” Bucky’s hands were gentle as they turned him over, skimming lightly over his face and down to his chest, where Steve reached up to grab them.
“Like Christmas, but with more… me.” Was he smug? Yes he was, and rightly so. He’d trampled over the board’s objections to completely switching over their power source and it had worked. He could build an arc reactor in his sleep, knew how to handle any quirks and knew the shortcuts that could be taken in case of emergencies… but he didn’t exactly advertise to people what exactly the shining disc on his chest was, so he couldn’t explain why he knew all this without revealing an enormous vulnerability to the world.
“What does it do?”
“Sorry kids, you don’t get to see my party trick after all.” Bruce hurried away from the sceptre, but he was seeping embarrassment at losing control at all.
They disappeared and Steve turned to look at Tony.
“But if you know where they are, why not at least send-”
“Captain Rogers?” She frowned, taking the question seriously. “If you haven’t heard anything by the end of the week, then maybe a call to let him know.”
“He can know but we will need to take the jet.” Tony admitted. He could make as many repairs here as possible, but this suit had had issues before he’d flown it to Germany and tumbled around inside an engine like an origami swan stuck inside a rotor fan. “Regardless, he won’t want the whole city seeing his ship unless it’s last resort.” Fury would make them take the jet when they got closer anyway.
“They only left you the co-ordinates, but I thought it prudent to find out what was at that location, sir.”
“Then let’s get going because they’re moving like the devil.” Falsworth said as he lowered his binoculars.
It ended up being late when Tony got to bed but thankfully, once he eventually staggered out of bed, JARVIS had made the stronger coffee that he didn’t typically have made up unless Tony really insisted. The AI didn’t bother to explain why he was indulging the man, instead flashing up a problem with Tony’s current Iron Man suit.
He’d missed his chance…
“Tony!” He yelped, jogging over and crouching beside him.
“Do you… Will that take you long?” Underwater, he meant… but maybe it was best not to outright state that; he wondered if, like himself, the thought of large bodies of water turned Tony’s stomach… And to be honest, he wasn’t sure he like the idea of Tony doing lots of work in the water with only a suit of armour to protect him.
“Let someone know these need washing?” He called out to JARVIS as he headed to his room and dumped them down the laundry chute.
“Stark!” Steve yelled after him. “We need a plan of attack.”
Tony stepped forward so that he was in the Captain’s eyesight before speaking, not wanting to startle the sentinel; a closer look showed the guy couldn’t even be twenty five, so a little on the young side for a captain. “I have a question here, and it’s not even why are you doing this dancing around in the rain in the middle of New York.” But the soldier glanced at him, sniffed the air then moved quickly, grabbing him around the waist and pulling him down against his chest. “Woah! Hey, buddy, what are you doing?”
Tony’s jaw dropped when he realised there was a man in the ice, holding a shield; not the bright, colourful shield of Captain America and Captain Cooper, but one from the rare photos of Captain Rogers, with the dark blue circles in different shades and a grey star in the centre.
“I just…” Her gaze drifted around the empty pub, checking they were alone. “Long before we knew who was going to receive the treatment, we talked about it. There is a theory that male human sentinels were once able to bear children too.” She had gone red as well, but she seemed determined to tell him about it.
“Well, it could be better.” Howard piped up from behind him as he peered over Steve’s shoulder.
“You think?” Tony could actually feel the tremor of hope that rippled through the young man.
“Got it.” Fury said, clearly grasping what had happened quicker than Steve had.
“He is Colonel Philips' choice of soldier.” Erskine shook his head slightly. “He is popular, strong, confident…  He is a bully.”
He flew passed Barton’s building, watching in his monitor as Barton took down several of the Chitauri’s flying crafts. He used his knowledge of the area and JARVIS’s quick hints to fly through alleys and tunnels, forcing the enemy to either keep up, stop or crash. Most of them followed until they took themselves down and Barton got the rest.
“You can give JARVIS a body?” Steve slung his bag over his should and followed Tony out. He needed to shower, but that could wait until after he’d seen this armour thing.
“I can do this all day.” Steve smirked, giving him the line he gave to all the bullies. Schmidt didn’t get it, but he didn’t need to. Steve knew what he was… a plain old bully who couldn’t resist the chance to brag.
“Not a great plan. When they come, and they will, they’ll come for you.” Because there was not a chance any of them would let Loki get away with his plan. He wasn’t sure exactly how this was going to go down, but he was confident that the chips would fall in their favour.
Fury sighed. “Agent Romanoff, would you escort Doctor Banner back to his-”
“Sleeping already?” Erskine’s warm voice jolted Steve’s eyes open and he looked around, surprised to find the room empty.
“Huh.”
“Is it bad if I say I’m glad you left Cooper behind?” Howard asked as he set off down the road, the other guys chattering loudly in the open back.
“Great.” Tony groaned as he stood up, the helmet hanging from one hand as he turned to look up at Steve.
“I’ll take it.” He assured the doctor quickly, grabbing his coat as he followed him.
“Please. You could have escaped. It was only ice.”
“Then you know that’s not true.” He said plainly, feeling a flush on his cheeks, this time because he was trying to not cry.
“Was he married?” Steve had managed to slip into the section without Tony realising, but he took a moment to raise his eyes from where the floor retracted.
“I’ll think about it.” He assured her.
“I’m not sure if this is a family recipe or if he’s just real bad at cooking.” Bucky retorted with a grin, loud enough that Falsworth squawked indignantly at them.
“All the stuff JARVIS can do, and you ask if he can switch the lights on?” Stark rolled his eyes. “Lights in the tower, yes, because I have it all linked into his system. If you bought a regular flash light that runs on disposable batteries from the shop, then no. He has no access to that.”
“You need a plan to take this on, sir.” Was that a hint of concern in JARVIS’s voice?
That had better not be Butterfingers out of his charging station; last time he’d gone exploring without Tony around, he’d crashed into his desk and actually managed to put his claw through one of the screens. Tony had chosen to reduce the amount of hardware by getting rid of several monitors and adding in his hologrammatic screens after scolding the bot; it was usually his brother, Dum-E, that caused the problems, but the other two were in Malibu. Butterfingers was here for some repair work, and then had stayed as Tony was currently spending more time over here.
“What does that mean? And I can walk, give me a second.”
“Wait. Wait, hold on. How is this now about me?” The man glowered at Steve, clearly unhappy that the attention he was receiving wasn’t positive.
“There’s not going to be a safe landing but I can try and force it down.” He guided the plane's nose towards the Earth, but it was a battle to keep it aimed that way.
He felt sick.
“Right now, I’m the middle of nowhere. If I wait any longer, a lot of people are going to die.” It was terrifying, but there really was no other option. “Peggy, this is my choice.” He’d die before he willingly killed someone innocent, and he couldn't let go; Schmidt had done something and the Valkyrie leveled out every time he let go of the yoke. He needed to keep it pushed forwards to keep the nose down.
“There are several softer spots, sir. However, these are only appear to be softer in comparison with the rest of its body. It will still take considerable firepower to bring it down.” JARVIS’s calm voice help settle his pounding nerves slightly as he quickly formed a plan.
“So am I.” He said, when Schmidt’s sentinel senses picked up on the approach of Steve’s back up.
“Yes, sir.” JARVIS sighed, but did as requested.
When they reached a junction, Steve paused. The other junctions they had reached, one path had clearly been more used than others, but both of these seemed to be used on a regular basis, the scent of people hung in the air. Down the left corridor, he thought he could hear voices, but down the other, there was an odd noise that he couldn’t quite identify.
“How do I do this?” He asked, unsure of how to receive a lift.
“Yeah, divide and conquer is great but… He knows he has to take us out to win, right? That’s what he wants. He wants to beat us. He wants to be seen doing it.” What better way to destroy any resistance before it starts than to destroy all morale, to have the people of the world watch as he destroyed the costumed heroes? “He wants an audience.”
“We can take that off your hands.” Sitwell said as he approached Natasha as Clint stepped over to the bar.
It was only when he tumbled out the bed and landed on the floor that he could catch his breath, his teeth chattering as he tried to stop trembling. “Okay.” He whispered, carefully trying to untangle himself from the bedsheets without tearing them. “Okay… That’s… Okay.” Not that anything was okay, but he forced himself to sit up, his back leaning against the bedframe as he wiped the sweat from his face.
“Budge up. Let me watch.” Howard dropped down next to Bucky, but he managed to keep his face blank too as he looked at his friend’s hand.
“Arrogance may not be a uniquely American trait but I must say, you do it better than anyone.” Schmidt said by way of greeting as he strolled over to Steve. “But there are limits to what even you can do, Captain.” He scoffed. “Or did Erskine tell you otherwise?”
” Thor replied, which was an unfortunate truth.
“Please.”
“Wait. You know what you’re doing?” One of the soldiers asked, and Steve was surprised to feel a note of concern directed at him.
“Yeah, unless you want your mind erased.” Clint added. “And not in the fun way.”
“Is he a recluse?” he wondered aloud, waiting in the door to finish talking to the other man.
"Yeah, you’re missing the point. There’s no throne, there is no version of this, where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you.” Bracelets secure and ready to call the Mark VII, Tony headed into the main area. “Cos if we can’t protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we’ll avenge it.” They may well lose to the army, but one way or the other, Loki was going down.
“If you’ll lie down for me.” Erskine gestured to the large, metal machine before turning to mutter softly to one of the women. “Comfortable?”
“All right, get him on his feet.” Tony grinned over at Steve, his expression lightening slightly. “We can all stand around posing up a storm later.” The engineer turned and began to head off, one hand moving to the edge of his chest plate before he turned back. “By the way, feel free to clean up.”
“My uncle’s originally, but yeah. He gave it to me when he died.” He led the way inside as everyone tumbled out the car.
“That we should talk on the phone, but it doesn’t have to be a deep and probing conversation unless that’s what I want. And that I can
“When you have as much money as Howard Stark? He may not have been the most… hands-on dad, but if he could solve a problem by throwing money at it, then he did.” A wry smile quirked the colonel’s lips as he shot Steve an amused glance. “Tony often tries to do the same unless someone points out a better way to fix things.”
He used the increased power to give his repulsors a bit of extra juice before flying straight at the alien, gripping the edges of his armour to drag him up into the air and into the cliff face, trying to injure him against it.
In his sleep, he would dream of the water, the ice, the wail of air raid sirens as bombs fell, the heat of explosions, the bodies of fallen men, the blood caught in cobblestones his skin peeling off to reveal a red skull of his own … then he hit a stage where he was unable to sleep when he lay down; the warm, dark room that should have been cosy left him twitching as his senses overcompensated and he found himself noticing the hum of Tony’s building wide computers, the chatter of people outside Tony’s living floors, the smell of the washing detergent as he buried his face in the bedding, the tiny motes of dust that were barely visible in the day that floated through the air, the encompassing darkness through which he could almost hear gunfire…
Steve shrugged and picked a small stone out the dirt. “I guess. I’m not real sure where else to get it.”
“He taking the cube too?”
“Maybe we’ll take pity on you and throw the game.” Jim added, to objections from Jacques and Bucky.
Bruce took his glasses off with a sigh. “‘A warm light for all mankind’. Loki’s jab at Fury about the cube.”
He just hoped they would understand when they were in their right minds. Firing back, he caught one in the shoulder, but another began firing again and he stepped back to dodge the bullets. The walkway fell away, and Steve felt the rush of wind as he fell through the air.
He hoped they’d find the right partner.
“That you actually want to talk? That when he’s ready, you want to get to know him?”
“I have a plan. It’s got a bunch of parts to it and everything. A complex plan.” He assured him before looping around a building to fire into the leviathan’s face, the volley of ammunition doing little real damage, but effectively capturing its attention. “Well we got its attention. What the hell was step two?” he added, unable to resist baiting the AI.
It was a claim Steve had heard before, that he was the real Captain America and Cooper was just there to look nice, even Cooper himself had said it! But there was something uncomfortably knowledgeable about the way this man spoke.
“Oh yeah.” That was still hard to get his head around; everyone being old or dead.
Philips pointed his pen at Peggy, a sour look on his face. “You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy.”
“Wall.”
“Steve, is that you? Are you alright?”
The large blond was staring at the people on the bridge as they flitted about, but his eyes were glazed over and he likely wasn’t seeing them at all. “He has an army called the Chitauri. They are not of Asgard nor any known world.” The warrior stated before turning back. Despite the natural shielding both Thor and Loki seemed to have against Steve’s guide abilities, he could still feel the tangle of fear, concern, frustration and even love that mixed inside the alien. “He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth in return, I suspect, for the Tesseract.” As he spoke, Agent Hill silently joined them, her arms crossed over her body as she fought to keep her helpless frustration contained.
“My name is JARVIS.” The voice replied calmly. “I run the house for Mr Stark. If you wish to use the bathroom, there is a door to your left. There is also a new toothbrush and a tube of toothpaste in the cabinet for if you prefer to clean your teeth before eating.”
“Uh, Shakespeare in the Park?” He quipped easily as he felt frustration and determination running along his bond with Steve. “Doth Mother know you wear-eth her drapes?” he asked, mocking the bulky red cape that the alien wore.
“This way, sir.” Bruce replied pleasantly.
As Rumlow and Sitwell secured the sceptre with a promise to be careful, Steve looked over at Clint; the archer felt exhausted, as all the Avengers did, but the guilt that had drowned him back on the helicarrier had seeped away. He’d have to remember to keep an eye out in case it came back later on.
“Rogers!” Falsworth shouted over the gunfire that had erupted with their entry. “You might need this.” He threw Steve’s shield to him with a grin.
“On the first page of the folder, sir. Tomorrow but they haven’t discovered where Loki of Asgard is. You do have a set of co-ordinates which seems to be for their helicarrier, sir.”
“Okay, Jay. Power it up.” He was almost tempted to cross his fingers as he waited.
“The inside of the removal mechanism is worse, sir. I’ll try to have the damage repaired while you are out, but it is extensive.”
Tony had to agree. “What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily?” He focussed his attention on Loki, watching the man as he sat in the back of the jet.
“It’s a little big.” Steve managed to say as he focussed on taking steady breaths. “You save me any of that Schnapps?” He wondered, remembering the drink they’d nearly had the night before, like he’d used to have with Bucky so long ago; the chance to chat with a friend while the alcohol helped him relax.
“Howard!” Steve called out as he jumped off the train, a wide grin spreading over his face. “Did you get us those leave passes?”
“Guys.” Natasha called as JARVIS flashed a red warning to alert Tony to the next threat; yet more of the beasts flying through when it had taken an effort to bring down one.
” Steve responded as Tony turned and took another warrior out with his repulsors.
“If skill doesn’t let me win, then maybe luck will.”
“It’s alright, I wouldn’t have come aboard if I couldn’t handle pointy things.” Bruce assured him, proving he had a good dose of common sense within him.
The plan to finish taking down Hydra was simple enough. There was only one major base left, in the Alps, where the Valkyrie, the airship with bombs was set to launch from. The easiest way in, Steve decided, was to let himself be captured because Schmidt was determined to see some sort of connection between them; he wouldn’t leave Steve on the base and launch his weapon without coming to gloat in the face of the man who was made to be an improvement on him.
“Queens.” Erskine replied, and despite is serious face, Steve could see the amusement dancing in his eyes. “73rd Street and Utopia Parkway. Before that, Germany… This troubles you?”
’ She scolded in a tone that reminded Steve of his Ma.
“Yeah. Takes us a while to get any traction, I’ll give you that one. But, let’s do a head count here: Your brother, the demi-god…” At the mention of Thor, Loki turned away, his lip curling. Tony used the distraction to slide his bracelets on. “…A super soldier, a living legend who kind of lives up to the legend; a man with breath-taking anger management issues; a couple of master assassins, and you, big fella, you’ve managed to piss off every single one of them.” His sipped his drink, barely letting the alcohol touch his tongue.
“I joined the army.”
“I understand.” Then Mr Jarvis was quiet for a few moments, long enough that Steve was wondering if that was the end of their conversation. Surely people still said goodbye at the end of a conversation like this? “Earlier today, you discussed Howard Stark.”
The next corridor had soldiers pelting down it but Steve used his shield and his fists to fight his way through, not really willing to use his gun to actually kill anyone yet. At the moment, it felt almost like a funny thing that the shield was going to need blood cleaning off it before he gave it back to Captain Cooper. He hurried past what looking like tiny planes, through another door and into a dimly lit corridor.
“But if you are happy to stay in Tony’s penthouse, you’ll have easy access to his workshop.” Happy called back, and Steve felt Tony’s amusement over their bond as they both looked over to him. “That way you can make him eat and sleep when he’s been working for seventy two hours straight.”
“My people wanted nothing but peace with your planet.” Thor stated, his arms falling to his side as he began to shift in tiny movements that Steve could only detect so easily with his sentinel senses, no doubt preparing in case he needed to move, to fight…
“And yet you aren’t denying his point.” Steve teased, starting to feel more comfortable as Happy grinned at him through the rear view mirror.
“Yeah. We had some higher-ups take issue with it yesterday, but it’s hard to argue with the god of thunder.” Tony shrugged as he buttered some toast.
“But when can I go do something?” Steve asked, his voice growling in irritation as the doctor gazed at the notes he’d been handed. “I joined the army for a reason and now I haven’t even b-been outside for a month.”
“I can offer you a chance.” Erskine explained, which felt easier to take than if he’d simply been given marching orders. “Only a chance.”
“I let the other prisoners out first.” Steve explained. “Hopefully they waited for us.”
“So we… won the war?” Surely Howard would have refused to make weapons for the enemy.
But he didn’t hang around while waiting for an answer. He turned around and flew off, dodging around buildings in an attempt to slow the beast down.
“The only Mr Stark I knew of was your grandfather and I regret not having the chance to meet him.” Steve grumbled softly before catching sight of Tony’s said eyebrow. “I don’t like bullies; I don’t care who they are, or how old they are.”
“Get back here!” Peggy barked as he sat down and swung his legs out, checking his parachute was good to go. “We’re taking you all the way in.”
There were bright lights sweeping across the ground, voices shouting in a language he assumed was German and soldiers scurrying about. A part of Steve wanted to back away, hide in the safety of the trees and head back home… but a larger part knew that he couldn’t leave Bucky here.
“No. I got a curious call off Pepper saying you’d cancelled a meeting because you’d found a sentinel to bond with.” Rhodey stated, but Steve could feel the happiness rolling off the colonel in waves; he blatantly approved of Tony’s actions and the notion that Tony might have someone new to care about.
” Tony’s voice was calm over the ear piece, and Steve was relieved to find that hearing him didn’t stir up any anger this time.  “
“Natasha.” She replied with a smile, and Steve felt a light flutter of approval as she let him peak behind her wall.
He turned his attention to Agent Barton, he was a true sentinel to Natasha Romanoff and he was marked up as tricky to work with; Coulson was down as his handler and he would answer to Fury, but it seemed like he was too smart a guy to fully trust just anyone SHIELD sent his way.
The doctors weren’t sure if this was a result of the serum itself and he was always going to have to eat more, or if the changes to his body were demanding a lot of energy and so he needed to eat more until he settled down; but either way, he wasn’t getting enough to eat. The muscles Erskine and Stark had given him were still there, but he wasn’t even allowed to stretch them; all they wanted to test were his sentinel abilities; how far could he see, how detailed; could he hear heartbeats, could he make out whispers from far away; could he distinguish a particular person’s scent through a room; could he taste poison in his food; could he feel the shifting air with his other senses blocked off?
“This… isn’t your first true bond?” Rhodey’s voice was soft, almost hesitant but Steve kept his eyes down and stared intently at his arms, at the way his hands looked as they spread flat on the smooth surface of the counter.
Steve nodded. “Yeah.” Hodge was the man that Agent Carter had only had to punch once to leave Steve half smitten with her.
“Thank you. I’m gonna head out then.” He waited to see if the housekeeper would say anything else, then took a deep breath and headed towards the door, managing not to startle as it too slid back into the door frame when he approached it.
As they skidded to a stop, Thor staggered to his feet and glared at Tony. “Do not touch me again.” He growled threateningly but Tony was spoiling for a fight, his frustration of the past few weeks finally finding an outlet in someone more than strong enough to take it.
As the others went to talk to Philips and the other commanding officers, Steve glared at the wall, annoyed at himself for giving up so quickly, at his men for being so gentle with him, at everyone in the area, because maybe if they had gone back, they could have found him.
“The scientists can keep you.” Philips scowled at him, the bitter disappointment evident in his eyes.
Base was gone; long gone. He was stuck in the future in the home of the wrong Stark. The pain of his broken bond increased as awareness filled him and he fell back onto the swamp-like bedding, with a soft mattress and thick coverings that he struggled to free himself from.
“Nah. Said my bit for the camera and left it to the police.” Which was enough. He wasn’t sure what else Fury had wanted him to do, but he hadn’t been in contact so Steve assumed that he had done enough. The only thing the Director had wanted to say was that he had an appointment with a therapist to talk about everything that had happened; Steve wasn’t entirely sure why he needed to talk to someone, but if he had to go then he would at least turn up and say something to this person.
“I can fire you. Don’t think I won’t.”
He was finally in training to be a soldier.
“Half an hour. I’ll find somewhere in half an hour and we can go out.”
He walked into the kitchen feeling a good deal better than he had earlier on.
Tony turned and headed in the opposite direction. “Fine. Let’s keep them occupied.”
“It’s why he wanted Steve.” Bucky pointed out, before Steve could underwhelm them with his own opinion of himself. “He wanted a good man, because that would be amplified rather than anything less savoury. Steve’s a kind and compassionate – ow!” he yelped as Steve hit him, laughing.
“So, he’s building another portal?” Bruce concluded, apparently able to grasp what was going on quicker than Steve could. He’d really only been given the basics – that an alien had come to Earth, stolen the Tesseract, bewitched a number of people and had notions about becoming a ruler. He hadn’t considered the Tesseract a portal making device, but Schmidt had disappeared from the Valkyrie so sucked through a portal wasn’t too far out there.
“Yes.”
“That’s not the point.” Steve was focussing on the wrong thing.
“There’s gotta be a rope or something.” Bucky yelled, his eyes scanning the area.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Like forty years ago. Trust me, it’s old news now. My suits, however, haven’t been around for five years yet.” Tony had a hand in the air as he spoke, apparently unable to keep it in one place. Steve had a feeling that he wasn’t a stand-still-to-get-your-point-across sort of fella.
He found him quicker than expected because Schmidt must have encountered troops and double back. However, he had grabbed one of his strange, blue weapons and kept firing it behind himself so Steve found he had to run with his shield up as protection. When he realised the man was getting ahead, he threw it which blocked the door but left him without an easy way passed the next soldier he encountered, who blocked the path with flamethrowers.
“All right.” He’d let them go while he went to search for Bucky. “The treeline is northwest, eighty yards past the gate. Get out fast and give ‘em hell. I’ll meet you guys in the clearing with anybody else I find.”
“Bucky, you can’t. You’re a sentinel with a guide, how did you get them to take you?” He asked in bitter confusion; sentinels were accepted if their guides joined with them and they would receive the same orders so they weren’t split up.
“Just give it a little bit of time.” Stark reiterated quietly as Steve nodded.
“I don’t remember you being this strong.” The older sentinel wondered as Steve held his arms, letting him get his feet under him.
As he tried to centre himself, he couldn’t help wondering what else he had missed. If people had been to the moon forty years ago, were there colonies up there now; or had they gone even further? Were people living on Mars too? Would he be able to step foot on another planet? The idea was actually kind of exciting, if only he could speak the same gobbledygook as Tony; what if that was how everyone spoke now? It was a little intimidating because he could tell Tony had been dumbing down his speech for Steve, and he had barely caught what he’d been talking about… which was a disappointing thought, because no one in their right mind would let someone who was so far behind out into space to visit another planet.
“Jay, this doesn’t look like something that got tugged out of place.” The material wasn’t stretched at all. “It looks like it snapped.”
That was annoying because he wanted to go to the gym, but he couldn’t settle himself enough to say a word in objection.
Tony chuckled as they entered the elevator and the door slid shut. “That’s actually pretty close. You can’t shift gears, or easily reach the handbrake, but you can tug the car to one side or the other. I am working on it though, so that if I need extra backup in a fight, I can call on him to control my spare suits. It’s a pretty complex programme to try writing though.”
“That’s only happened to me once since…”
“Yeah. It’s called winning the war.” Philips was watching him carefully, but Steve didn’t dare leave yet. He had to do something.
That was a sad truth, Steve mused as he struggled to swallow. “I think the texture is worse than the taste.” He grumbled, mentally railing against the fact that he had to eat more than the others.
“Where’re the others?” Tony asked as the Hulk began to climb the outside of the building and Thor swung his hammer and flew up.
“God bless.” Steve murmured back as he relaxed, trusting his team while he slept. It had been months since they’d come across the base of the other Schmidt, and since then they’d only encountered small out posts. They were taking Hydra down, one bit at a time, but their insistence that one head was replaced by two? Well, Steve really wanted to find the source of it all, Johann Schmidt, as take him down.
“No. You are Mr Stark’s sentinel and he is far more useful than one super soldier. You aren’t going anywhere that may get you shot and leave him compromised.” The man replied, looking utterly disinterested in what was going on.
Hearing clanging, Steve turned to see two soldiers enter the remains of the room. He hesitated, not entirely sure if these were Fury’s men or not. Their minds were oddly blank of even the muted emotions that most people felt, but when one tossed a grenade, Steve had his answer. He jumped in the way, knocking the grenade away and quickly knocking one of the men off his feet. He was quick to throw the other off the walkway and into the sky, hoping that he had a parachute in that outfit before turning to look at the guy who was approaching the doorway, his feet echoing loudly on the metal path.
He stepped out the room and hesitated. Should he really be working to undermine Fury’s authority when the Tesseract was missing and they had an alien on board? He gritted his teeth, then headed towards to storage bays, easily recalling the layout of the ship that he had seen when they had been on their way to Germany.
“Good morning.” Erskine greeted him, the usual half smile on his lips. Though, whatever he was going to say next was interrupted by a camera clicking. “Please, not now.”
“Autopilot on, then. I’m gonna try rest before we get there.” Which was change he’d made from earlier suits, long distance travel got uncomfortable so he had padded the armour out in places where he pressed the most against it. It was still a suit of armour, so it wasn’t exactly comfortable, but he could at least get some sleep in it for now.
“I think Steve would have been here anyway.” Peggy noted, a hint of laughter in her voice. “But actually, we need a lift.”
“You doing okay?” Bucky asked Steve quietly as Gabe and Jacques got up to buy another round.
“Well, as I live and breathe, Nick Fury?” Tony opened with mock surprise, faking an accent just to see the man twitch.
The end of the session was general chit-chat, not his strongest suit but it was relaxing nonetheless.
“Stark is the best civilian pilot I’ve ever seen.” Peggy pointed out, and Steve realised that she couldn’t read anything that Steve could along their bond. She wasn’t even a guide and so couldn’t get an easy read on the atmosphere. “He’s mad enough to brave this air space. We’re lucky to have him.”
And Tony was genuinely impressed when the Hulk smashed a fist into the leviathan’s face and stopped its forward motion. The whole thing flipped over itself, ass over teakettle, and he took the chance to fire at the weaker spots in its shell. The resulting explosion nearly knocked him out the air, but he caught himself as the beast went down, coming to land beside Steve and the Hulk.
“You find somewhere for us all to eat so I can get some sleep. Then I’ll be happy.” He tried to give the man a smile, but it felt pitiful as all his remaining energy was going to looking strong for everyone else.
“Forty eight hour passes and a place to stay?” Bucky grinned across at the inventor. “Sounds like a dream come true.”
“Call it, Captain.” He suggested to Steve, aware that this was going to need to be co-ordinated.
“Is everything a joke to you?” He asked in frustration, as he began to realise that his guide treated an awful lot of stuff in a less than serious manner.
Bruce’s lips quirked into a grin. “Well, if he could do that, he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet.”
Tony huffed, but didn’t object. “
Gunfire eliminated that problem as he heard someone else take him out. Peggy! He’d recognise her anywhere!
“Haven’t I?” Schmidt asked, but Steve saw the movements of his punch early and raised the shield… which was quickly dented in the shape of Schmidt’s fist. Geez, he sure was strong. Definitely was Schmidt then.
“You don’t seem too surprised.” Steve noted, curiously.
“Got it covered.” He assured him as he spun about and fired his repulsors at two different targets, taking both of them down.
------
“Sure is. I think she’s, you know, nearly ninety now though.”
“Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.”
Black Widow was giving him a half smile from across the table as she stood up. “You have an idea of what we need to do then?” She asked as he got to his feet.
“I know you did.”
“I’ll tell them you lied.” Steve said, his voice cracking as though he was still a fifteen rather than approaching twenty one. “They won’t let you in if you have a true bond and I can’t get in. They’ll either have to let me go too, or they’ll keep you back.”
” Steve addressed Bruce as Tony flew towards them. “
“More useful than you might think.” He shrugged, having knocked out numerous soldiers with it already.
It was, Tony reflected as he was flung through the air by the hammer, probably a mistake to antagonise someone who viewed themselves as a god, but sometimes he just couldn’t help himself. Besides, when a guy called himself the god of thunder with a straight face, he felt obligated to try and take him down a few notches, even if he was capable of throwing lightning around.
“Stark? Stark, I’m here.” Steve called out, grasping the ladder as he looked at the wreckage.
“I’ll go get them.” Steve nodded to him, turning confidently down another corridor, hopefully knowing where the infirmary was.
After Joan had died last year, Bucky had taken to looking after Steve, especially when his ma was working at the hospital and wasn’t there to check he was eating. And honestly, the younger boy didn’t mind; he’d always been envious of Joan for having a big brother and while he missed her with an ache that sometimes made him worry his asthma was acting up, it was real good that he hadn’t been forgotten about.
“But what’s that like?” Dum Dum asked, leaning in. “To go from not being a sentinel to suddenly being one. As an adult?”
It was annoying, but he had to remember it wasn’t Selvig’s fault. “Okay.” He blasted both repulsors at the device that had been created using the Tesseract to make a doorway to Earth. However, the energy was deflected back at him, and he shot through the air, relying on his patchwork suit to catch him before he fell.
Steve shrugged slightly. “Not really.”
“Save the rest for the turn, Jay.” He said softly, knowing he didn’t want to waste all his energy too soon.
He knew that a sentinel’s abilities were of a fixed range, that they could increase and decrease between one and five of the senses of touch, taste, smell, sight and hearing, though how many senses and how far they could change it depended on each person. Guides only had changes to their ‘sixth sense’, but this gave guides an ability from a much larger pool. All guides could sense a sentinel they had a bond with, as well as any guides they may have formed a lighter bond with; they could detect emotions and sometimes specific thoughts. He’d heard rumours that some partners developed an ability to converse with each other over distances, which was a bizarre but fascinating idea. He’d never managed it with Bucky nor Howard.
“The room I was in last time was fine.” He assured the man as the car began to move slowly along and Happy leaned up and out the window to place his order.
“Out of the way enough that it could be Schmidt.” Steve continued softly, his eyes scanning over the map.
“What about the plane?”
“On my way down to co-ordinate search and rescue.” He assured him, saying the words aloud to let the others know where he was going.
“Stark Industries? You heard of that?” Stark Industries had been around for ages, but maybe the kid’s memory was a little spotty after his coma.
“Well, male sentinel monkeys can give birth.” She said, and Steve’s jaw dropped at the unexpected direction, his face flushing red and she startled him out of the numb bubble he’d been in.
“Do- Do we have any photos of the Captain Rogers from the Second World War?”
“Lift?” Tony asked making Steve jump as he staggered out.
He took a moment to stare at the map Philips had stepped away from, taking in the landscape, the roads and anything else that might help later on. Without a word, he marched out the tent and through the camp, where the rain hand finally let up.
Steve took in the smart, blue uniform with a slight grin. “Air force?”
“Outside.” The man looked fairly happy as he settled down on Baker’s bed, his knees nearly touching Steve’s. “There is a cool breeze and cards so…” He shrugged.
Spotting the radio, he changed the frequency and began to speak. “Come in, this is Captain Rogers. Do you read me?”
“Shut it down, Doctor Selvig.” He commanded as he approached the man, coming down to hover over the rooftop of his own building.
He finally met the white and was flung across the room, his head smashing painfully into solid walls as his body followed, like a rag doll in a dropped box. For a moment, the plane stopped and Steve gasped onto the bit of floor he’d ended up on, then the ice creaked and the aircraft slid.
“You okay?” Tony asked, resting a hand on his shoulder as they both ignored Loki’s mocking of Steve.
“Do you think I should ring him?” He asked without meaning to, his brain going back to their earlier conversation.
While Bucky had been right to say his health would improve with regular meals and exercise, he probably hadn’t anticipated the basic training camp. This particular camp had combined the Basic and Individual Training, the Small Unit Training and the Combined Arms Training into one condensed unit; four long months of very hard work and everybody was exhausted.
Would that work? Steve relaxed slightly at the idea of fresh air; he’d been in this facility for weeks and he felt like he was going insane with them prodding at him constantly. He kept zoning out as he had no guide to settle him and it felt like the rest of the time he was half feral, beyond frustrated and desperate to be somewhere else. Any time he had control over what he was doing, Steve tried to meditate.
“The barrier is pure energy. It’s unbreachable.” JARVIS informed him.
The door opened again, and another man in a suit stepped inside.
“Absolutely. It’s what I’ve trained for.” At least, if he thought of the time spent testing his abilities in the lab as training, then he had. He had discovered he was good at identifying how many people were in another room without ever needing to see inside; he could take a good guess at age and fitness, as well as if they were handling weapons or not.
“You are still young. You will grow.” He repeated, and Steve gave him a slight smile.
“Thanks!” Steve yelled as he ran out the door, using his sense of smell to track Schmidt’s path.
In his ear piece, Agent Hill was giving updates. Apparently, the explosion had taken out one of the engines.
“I’ll get JARVIS to help you with that at some point, Rogers. I don’t know if I’ll be any good at explaining basics.” Tony gave him an apologetic shrug, but Steve simply nodded. Howard had never been any good at explaining the stuff he made because he could never get to the simple stuff without getting bored or distracted.
The pain that had been bubbling just below the surface, contained by the strength of his surprising new bond and strange detachment that he couldn’t seem to shake. “Oh.” He croaked out, recalling something about Howard dying. “He… He died, yes?” But Steve knew without hearing the answer; the pain weighing him down wasn’t something the serum could heal because it came from a broken bond.
And that was interesting. Natasha Romanoff had a true bond with sentinel Clint Barton which had developed over several years from a surface bond they had had; but now her file had been updated less than an hour ago to state she had another true bond, this time with Bruce Banner, the guy who had tried to copy the serum that had been used on Steve.
“Agent Carter? If we’re not in too much of a hurry, I thought we could stop off in Lucerne for a late-night fondue.” Stark called from the front of the airplane. Steve would have frowned at that, but he could tell Stark was actually hungry; he’d learnt to recognise amorous feelings along a bond with Bucky, and while Stark’s words could be taken that way, Steve trusted him. Even Stark would pander more to a true bond than the chance for some petting with the girl Steve liked. Stark always came across as the kind of guy who flirted as his normal way of talking.
Rogers’ jaw dropped; a look that shouldn’t have been as attractive as it was. “19… What year is it?”
Steve watched as the gaudy suit of armour flew to the smoking metal. He could feel his guide’s mind working, but he had no idea what exactly the man was looking at, never mind what he was thinking about.
“’Tis your champion. You treat your champions with such mistrust.”
“Sixty seven years…” He forced out, his voice stiff as he tried to imagine such a length of time. “I’m just gonna…” He mumbled, but Mr Jarvis said he could head to the kitchen when ready as Steve staggered into the bathroom, the door sliding smoothly shut behind him.
“You okay?” His guide asked as Steve sat back on his haunches and nodded his head, still panting.
He snarled viciously at the man, who apparently understood his unspoken question.
Steve shook his head. “No.” He replied honestly. He was finding he quite liked this doctor, more so than the others he’d encountered recently.
“Did Coulson say when and where I’m meeting them?” He couldn’t remember if the SHIELD agent had mentioned that or not.
“You’re tiptoeing, big man. You need to strut.”
” as he stared at his return route back along the power cord.
He looped around his tower sharply and headed towards Central Park. He grinned as he heard the assassins begin to fire on the aliens, but it was quickly wiped out by JARVIS.
“You will eat and exercise every day.” Erskine shrugged, unconcerned. “You will grow.”
------
“Maybe the exercise will help… and regular rations rather than the porridge that you’ve been getting.”
“You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff?” He continued. “You wanna know how I stay calm?”
He managed to bring himself down near to the base, hurrying through the trees to pause on the outskirts. Somehow, it all felt bigger than he’d expected… even though he wasn’t entirely sure what he’d been expecting.
“The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it.” Thor interrupted, but his words were background noise as Tony stepped towards the door.
” The comm line crackled. “
He nodded with a sigh. There was a lot to get through and then he had to go through SHIELD’s servers because he honestly doubted he’d been given full files for anyone, not even Steve. “Fly safe.” He commanded, a faint smile twitching at his lips; he’d been really looking forward to actually relaxing with a friend and talking things over. A lot of their talk recently had been about clean energy as opposed to anything more personal; the brief chat about Steve they’d had earlier was about as in depth as they had gone and he was sure Pepper had finally been going to tell him she’d started dating again (he knew she had because he kept an eye on his friends, but he never brought up things they hadn’t mentioned for themselves because he didn’t really want to get into a discussion on levels of privacy again).
“You’re late.” He said, stopping to stare up into her eyes. He could hear her breathing stutter as she saw him, the slight smile on her lips.
“You don’t even have…? Really?” Was SHIELD afraid of scarring him or something? How was the guy supposed to get used to the modern age if they didn’t let him experience it. “You move in and I’ll teach you how to use everything, or you can ask JARVIS. I bet you’ll get the hang of it in no time.” He blasted through the portal, emerging in space.
“That a good idea?” Jim Morita asked, as he swirled the dregs of his drink around in his glass.
“Speak English!” Steve interrupted, wanting simple instructions that he could follow… He was definitely going to have to ask about classes if this was the kind of work he was going to be doing from now on.
“Fell.” Steve said.
“Doesn’t look like there is anything sharp in here.” Bucky grouched, but he came over and crouched down as well, making a start on the ropes on Erik’s legs.
“Tell you what, buddy…” Bucky started with a smug grin as he straightened up, “I will find some for you. Just gotta promise me you aren’t gonna go picking fights with this slingshot once you’ve made it or I’ll be in trouble with your ma.”
He knew Howard would never have been able to resist the chance to get his hands on the Tesseract. Steve wouldn’t be surprised if Howard had helped develop these after finding the cube in the ocean, before he died. He wondered how different the man’s son was. “I’m sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be neck deep-”
“Eighty, ninety… that’s one hundred percent!” Stark called out, as Steve forced himself to keep quiet; he wasn’t going to help anyone if they stopped this experiment before it was finished.
“Yeah I got that.” He wondered where Steve was. He’d seen the jet heading over the city, but hadn’t seen where they had landed, and either his communications weren’t working, or they weren’t trying to make contact at all. “I’m beat.”
“So, you want to go overseas, kill some Nazis?” The man asked in a German accent, opening the thin files in his hands.
“Playing ‘Shoot to Thrill’ for them, sir.” JARVIS stated as Tony swooped in to take a look.
“Who gets the, uh… magic wand?” Natasha asked as Tony disappeared into his bedroom and Steve stepped over to the sink to wash his hands and his face.
“Yeah. I’ll take you back to the train station on Thursday then I’ve got work to be getting on with.” Howard grinned at them, but the conversation died off as they headed down the small road for another half hour.
Bucky interrupted again. “Well, why are you so keen to fight? There are so many important jobs you could do.”
“Mr Stark, we need to talk.”
He scoffed as he began to head along the walk way. “He was outta his league. He should have waited. He should have…” He huffed, uncertain. Surely though, they could have done something differently.
It was a few days later that Steve was jolted from his musings as the elevator doors opened and a tall man stepped out, his eyes quickly skimming the room until they landed on the young man, once again slumped over his arms on the counter. He hadn't had so much time to himself in years and he had no idea how to handle it.
“You’re on that list?” Tony smirked, but the curl of his lip wasn’t kind. “Are you above or below angry bees?”
“Not on the actual chest piece cos I’m not sure it’s up to any rapid influx.” Tony nodded down. “Just aim for the shoulder. The whole suit is designed to absorb lightning, but the actual shoulder joint seems to be the most intact.”
“Me?” Erskine looked slightly startled at that. “This is me trying to make up for too many mistakes, some of them so large that…” He cut himself off, shaking his head. “No. I was a foolish coward and now I work to correct that mistake.”
“Including why Fury is so interested in him?” He dropped into a dry bar stool, folding his arms on the counter and dropping his head down.
“Well, the idea is that a long time ago, humans were once very similar to monkeys, but over time we… changed… Lost the fur, stopped living in trees, began to write and use language more specifically, that kind of thing?”
“I don’t look like a hero. I know.” He shrugged, then began eating again.
“Socks and shoes too.” Someone said, and Steve took the chance to crouch down and breathe without everyone staring. It kind of helped.
“That was horrible.” Jacques moaned as he curled up under his blanket.
It was only when he allowed his thoughts to drift to Peggy that he noticed the tears dripping down his cheeks. It wasn’t fair! Peggy had been so beautiful, so perfect; she’d had a wonderful sense of humour and her smile, her firm conviction, her willingness to say what needed saying. He even missed how unintimidated by him, post-serum, she had been. But no, he bet she had gone off and lived a wonderful life with some other fella!
Too exhausted to move against, his eyes dipped shut at the icy water began to flood in through the broken windows. Thoughts of Peggy and Howard finding someone to dance with some comfort when he knew he wasn’t going to see them again.
He whimpered, unable to focus on anything as his suit powered down, finally failing out in the middle of nowhere, while he was helpless; in too much pain to think.
With that, he gathered up the damp clothing and left the room, shutting the door behind himself.
Steve managed a grin. “Me either.” Though he had an advantage the others didn’t: the ability to dial back that particular sense. He stirred it before measuring out another spoonful. “Falsworth is never allowed to cook again.”
He slid the helmet on, feeling the parts twisting to lock it in place. “Come on.” He murmured as the screens began to flicker. “Yes!” Everything seemed to be working. “JARVIS, let’s get the rest of the suit on and go.”
Loki’s smile was wide and pleased. “Stalling me won’t change anything.”
He pulled out several more boxes and found twelve weapons in total, likely prototypes as all but two had different designs, but he grabbed one and jumped back down to return to Tony and Bruce. He wasn’t sure how long it would take JARVIS to find everything, especially as he wasn’t sure how much the AI could do this far from the tower.
“Just go.” Steve begged. “Get out of here.”
“Absolutely.” She replied, her brown eyes warm as they gazed into his own.
“Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark.” Fury challenged, and as Tony’s eyes slid over to Steve’s for a moment before he looked away, the young sentinel felt anger bubbling inside him.
It was time for their morning run. Steve resisted the urge to pull a face as he turned and headed over to stand in line.
” She laughed. “
------
“Where are my clothes? And shoes?”
------
Steve really hoped everything was where it should be.
He forced himself to move, breaking Bucky free of the straps before sliding a hand under his shoulder.
The screaming man could be, like Steve, someone who was just going to have to cope with the modern world on his own, the comfort he wanted inaccessible.
“Considering the circumstances, I am not surprised.” The housekeeper relied. “And it is currently evening. You were only asleep for five hours and twelve minutes, Captain.”
Steve nodded. “Right. I caught his act in Stuttgart.” Tony began to move, knowing they needed to get a move on.
“If it saves him from heaving up then I don’t much care.” Bucky sighed as he covered himself up with his patched blanket. “Good night, Steve.”
“Captain?” There was a warm hand resting on his head, and Steve’s eyes fluttered open as his body shook with shock and residual pain.
“Yeah. I sorted that. It also used to be vulnerable to electricity.”
Howard had called him suicidal before he had gone, then pulled him into a tight hug and told him not to die. Hell, maybe he wasn’t feeling too stable after Bucky’s death, but the knowledge of how close they were to actually stopping Hydra had spurred him on.
It wasn’t the worst flight over New York he’d ever had, but having his propulsion fail, however briefly, as he flew was unnerving. “Jay, see if you can kill power.” He suggested as he looked over, hoping Loki wouldn’t be able to draw power from his building. “Maybe if he can’t get the energy he needs…”
------
“You should have left your armour on for that.”
“I don’t care how we get it.” Cooper stated, breathing easily enough that Steve knew he’d dialled back his ability to smell too. “As long as no one tells Stanley that this is how we got in.”
” She murmured, sounding hopeful, and while Tony couldn’t hear Selvig’s end of the conversation as he wasn’t wearing an earpiece, he hoped the man had said something along the lines of ‘There is a way to close the portal’ because that was what they really needed right now.
“A sentinel? How does that work?”
Rogers nodded and Tony turned his back while he changed. “Thank you.”
“I froze, the cold and the ice interfered with the systems and I came very close to killing myself when I fell back to Earth.”
“Yes.” She frowned at her hands which rested on the edge of the table. “Have you ever heard of the Theory of Evolution by Charles Darwin?”
“Okay, I’m ready. Let’s go.”
“You’re gonna make me stay with people I barely know?” Steve tried to give Tony a pathetic look, but Happy’s chuckles from the front made it difficult to look serious.
“Where’s Bucky?” Someone asked.
” Steve commed up, the mixture of wonder and trepidation that Tony could feel along their bond was evident in his voice.
“I’ll be twenty three in July.” He side-stepped the question neatly, though he felt a little warm as he silently acknowledged the omission.
But Steve didn’t care where people were from. He wasn’t going to leave people prisoner just because they weren't from New York. “Is there anybody else?” He asked, urgently. He still hadn’t seen Bucky. “I’m looking for a Sergeant James Barnes.”
“Hallo?” The quivering voice asked, and Steve’s eyes dropped to the small form, curled in the corner. He was a skinny young man, similar to the half-starved boys Steve had both been and grown up around; he was probably about fourteen, but Steve quickly spotted the Star of David sewn onto his clothing. A prisoner then?
"Plus I'm not an American citizen." Bucky continue as he rubs the back of his head.
SpiderChild : Dad, could you pick me up. I don't feel so good.
“No, I always come here alone.” Bucky shrugs.
QuickSilver : Same.
Shoerii : Could be Natasha's too, Loki is a slippery one.
“Sure. See you over the weekend.” Steve said as he smiles at Tony, and starts his bike and rode off.
Shoerii : It seems like the god of mischief decided to ask Natasha if she's on her period.
SpiderChild: Didn't know Mr Winter Soldier can actually burn someone especially when he's constantly cold.
“We’ll think about it, we always do.” Steve said as he sips his drink.
"They're still protesting?" Tony asked.
“Come on Stevie, let’s get another one.” Sam said as he tugs on Steve’s arms.
Sam got in the car and Bucky drove off. It was awfully quiet till Sam clears his throat.
Shoerii: It's okay Tony. We can prepare our own ride. We'll see you soon. Could Steve grab extra food for us, and maybe some Starbucks.
THOR adds Tony, CaptainA, Barnes, SpiderChild, BlackWidow,
Lowkey: Why am I in this group?
Sam walks around the fair, trying to find Steve. He walks up to the tossing hoops area and he saw Steve with Tony playing at the station, he calls Steve over.
THOR: Brother, you're so polite to my friends, but rude to me. Am I not your brother? :(
Tony: Leave the kid alone, you go and get us food. Bucky is helping me to prepare the movie room.
“Obviously.” Sam chuckles, mentally smacking himself.
"Yeah just because you assassinated one of them in the past and suddenly your vote doesn't matter? Were you banned or something?" Sam said sarcastically.
Barnes: BABYYYYYYY!!!! :))))))
“Oh my man child got his mummy a gift.” Natasha laughs.
Barnes : @H@WKi well I know most of Peter's classmates, I met them during the meeting.
"Tell him to come up this level, Fri!" Tony replies as he sips his coffee.
That night itself Sam calls Bucky and lashed at him.
“Is everything alright?” Bucky asked him.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” Bucky said, in return Sam just gives him the middle finger.
QuickSilver: well we call you old man too. ;)
"I swear to god, Barton! You're a filthy animal!" Natasha sighs loudly.
“Rule number 9 young man!” Steve said as he looks at Sam.
: Hey there hunny, I'll be back soon. Finishing up the briefing.
“Good work.” Bucky said once he pulls away, smirking and winking as he walks away.
Barnes : What tea?
“Come on, we're going out.” Tony said.
“Sir has been in the lab ever since Wednesday morning.” JARVIS replied.
“James, no one wants us to be together. You can see that. Nobody likes us being together.” Sam holds back his tears.
Tony: Come on, Nat lighten up.
“Baby, look at me.” Bucky tried to comfort Sam by pulling him into a hug.
“I want to go home.” Sam said as he turns around then run off.
Lowkey: I'll get Heimdall to bring back to earth then.
"Boyfriend?" Tony chokes on his coffee.
Lowkey : Tell me Captain, why is it that important that we should know why Bucky changed the group name?
CaptainA: What is wrong with you Bucky?
“Hey get me the wrench please.” Bucky said as he turns to Sam.
“What did you say?” Bucky runs back and tackles Miles, pushing him to the ground.
“Kissing booth? That’s how diseases are spread.” The counsellor disagrees with it.
Sam had already run away, when Bucky got up. Bucky calls out for him and chased after him.
Lowkey: I didn't say I was on Asgard. ;) See you guys soon :)
"No big deal? Mr Barnes! You're married to the falcon! Wait, Mr Wilson is the next Captain America, it's a big deal if you don't vote?" Peter said.
