We watch as he hands me the hanky, as we exchange whispers.  I cringe when I blow my nose, chagrined this is to be a part of our permanent history.  Maybe we can edit that out.  (‘No, John, I will not hear of it,’ Sherlock will object when I bring it up to him later.  ‘Everything about you is fascinating.  Whether you’re blowing your nose or getting misty-eyed over an advert about the ways in which skyping keeps loved ones in touch.  It stays; it is non-negotiable.’  I will reluctantly acquiesce, profoundly grateful to have married a man who finds nothing about me so off-putting as to need to permanently delete it.)
Pacing again, Sherlock sent another text:
“Nothing.  Everything I need and want is right here.”
Kiss me.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do what?”
had died; certainly it was wrong to feel such peace when his best friend had just died.  He leaned into the body pressed against the back of him as arms joined the wings, holding him, giving him an anchor in his emotional storm.
“Sherlock?”  This time the name was a soft plea.  “Please, Sherlock, stop fiddling with the sword and talk to me.  It be important.”
“Keep your voice down,” Sherlock fumed under his breath, taking the knife from Cedric.  He turned it over in his hands, looking for distinct markings.  His finger found the almost illegible “E” scratched into the handle before his eyes did; twas worn down from use.
“Please, John.  Do not yell.  Whilst I find your heartbeat to be very strong, it surely can do no good to raise your blood pressure.  The incidence of heart-related deaths in men your age is alarmingly high, and…”
has ever made me as happy as you do.  No one’s ever come close.”
“John?”
~~*~~
? Never had he had such difficulty pleasuring himself, and he was too inebriated to concern himself with pleasuring the woman who lay below him. It did not matter, her wares were but a commodity.
?  Or did one just blindly jump all in, letting the change take them where it would?
Saying nothing.
Dr. Watson’s brow crinkled. “You mean someone shoved her off the building? I thought no one was around.”
Katie’s face bunches up. “That seems kind of old-fashioned.  And ‘Sherlock’ is too formal.”
"So early, Sir? Tis not yet light. Do you not wish to wait until the sun reaches the sky?" Aldus asked.
I open my mouth, releasing a small moan for added effect.
Picking the lighter up off the mantel, Sherlock deliberately pressed his finger to the trigger, bringing the flame close to the envelope, pausing just before the two met.  Just before destroying the last tangible remnant of a friendship that had brought true meaning to an otherwise solitary life.
For once it was a rather decent hour to head out to investigate a possible homicide.  This was what he had done for what felt like a lifetime now, not that he’d have it any other way, but it tended to prevent a normal sleep cycle.  Murder investigations primarily took place in the middle of the night; luckily the anonymous call for this one came at a tidy 7:30 p.m.   After dinner, yes, but well before the stroke of midnight, which felt, no matter how many years he had done this, like an ungodly time of night.
“Go on, Cedric,” John’s soft voice urged him. “Tell us the rest; we need to know what happened.”
Sounding half drugged, Sherlock murmured with little conviction.  “I can top if you like, I…”
Deeper his voice went, more guttural, more urgent.
he prayed, as Sherlock lowered his head to rest his lips on his mouth.
And for just a moment, he was able to put himself into Sherlock’s shoes, getting the sense that this was all as hard on Sherlock as it was on him, only in a different way. In one fell swoop, Sherlock had lost his partner and friend, having to go it alone. John hadn’t lost that; he just couldn't remember it.
subtle.  Which of course means there’s something that does scare him.  I haven’t even a clue what it might be.  But he’s right when he says everything I do is to show him I love him.  Hurting him isn’t even an option.
Holding the sleeping infant with one arm, her other hand fidgeted with her robe, arranging it just so, smoothing it down where it draped over her legs.  Watching her tiny daughter, she gazed in wonder at the miracle she and John created.
“You aren’t lying to me, are you?” Simon wiped away a bead of sweat running down the side of his face. “If you’re lying, I swear—”
Not lying, then.  I glare at him.
Waiting until there was no one else inside, Molly removed the specially designed heels from her 2” platform shoes; inside each hollowed out heel was a 1.5 inch stick of dynamite.  Next she produced a match from the knot in her hair.  Laying the explosives on the floor as far from the door as she could, she flicked the match on her tooth and lit the ends of the long fuses that she had stretched out as far as she could; she had no desire to accidentally blow her hand off...she would be needing it.  Waiting just long enough to see that the fuses were burning properly, she walked as calmly as she possibly could out of the loo.
How tremendous remained to be seen. It seemed futile to hope that the Simon in the pub would be the Simon who had killed James, had nearly killed John, and had caused Spencer to go mad, but Sherlock
“How long have I been gone?”
I swallow.  How he cannot know I have no idea, but I answer anyway.  “Yes, I love you more than I ever thought I could love anyone.  And we have established I desire you.”  I glance down at my own erection which still strains at my pants.
John’s mouth pursed into an “oh”.  He had known this would be coming; he just hadn’t thought it would come so soon.
“I give you this ring as a symbol of my love.  Wear it with happiness and pride as I always will the one you placed on my finger.”
I look at John’s face, knotted with worry and love.  It has lost none of its luster in the thirty odd years I have known him.  In fact, every line and every wrinkle have only made him more beautiful.  Every grey hair a reminder of the extraordinary history we share.  The ring on his left hand a reminder that I, Sherlock Holmes
His eyes coming into focus as if seeing John for the first time, Sherlock answered, his voice hollow.  “Tis no ghost, tis Gareth.”
Sherlock took the device from John’s hand, immediately pressing buttons.
Be not two years as much as a man should have to give of his life?  After searching every corner of the country, wet or frozen or baking under the hot sun?  After suffering three robberies and countless fools?  After many a sleepless night in strange beds, lulling himself with the memory of Millicent’s sweet kisses?  Well, enough be enough, Gareth had decided.  No matter what William had said, no matter how much favour it would curry, Gareth had given himself one more week to complete the odious task.  One more week and, if he had not found Sherlock, he would head home.  He would tell William and Millicent that Sherlock be dead.  No one would be the wiser, would they.
Relief swept through Sherlock…he was in time.
“What?” John eyed Sherlock warily; he wasn’t in the mood for games.
His eyebrows reaching for the sky, Aldus gasped.  “He did?  I mean, I told you I thought they love each other, but tis so bold.”
.” John winces as he pulls on his jeans.  “Shite, I forgot my pants.”  Rummaging through the suitcase, he pulls out a fresh pair of briefs and tugs his jeans back on, re-dressing himself.  “Katie texted and said she and Paul are on their way to hospital.”
If he were Sherlock Bloody Holmes he would be able to tell by how he held his head, the slope of his shoulders, the freaking length of his dressing gown, for god’s sake.   But not John.  With his ordinary mind he had to settle for facial expressions and words, neither of which was available to him.
“I do not know how you can indulge in such nonsense.  Dull.  I can only assume you read it to put yourself to sleep,” I tease, having long learned such tales transport him back to the time when together we solved crimes, a period we look back on fondly.  John says he would try to publish some of our adventures, but no one would believe them because no one (Me, of course!) could be that clever.
I try to scratch my head; it itches because my hair is long and dirty.  But I cannot.  My arms are chained to my sides.  My legs are shackled, too.  I struggle to free myself, but the effort is futile.  Even if I were not weak from improper nutrition (food costs more than lighting) I would not be strong enough to break the chains holding me down.
Reluctantly, Colin dragged his head around.
He lifts his eyebrows at me.  “
Ella leaned forward, resting her elbows on her thighs. “What’s the real reason you’re here, Sherlock?”
I gasp at the intensity, my chest pressing deeper into his mouth.  “John!”  My fingers fly to the back of his head, pushing through his short, soft hair.
No more was needed. The urgency was unmistakable.
And bracing himself against the pain that was sure to come, John turned to his flatmate. “Okay. What don’t I get?”
useless. Christ, Sherlock. How could you think…”
I am languid and content as I finish my shower, only half surprised John has not stormed in to make sure I did not ‘waste’ my orgasm on behalf of my prostate.  Still puzzling over what I saw in his eyes when he opened the shower curtain, I towel myself dry.
The lift’s doors opened, and three MI-5 agents poured out. Sherlock glanced from them to Andi, who had just arrived at the fourth floor, breathing heavily. Peering back down the stairs, he heard two pairs of footsteps charging his way.
Magnussen had been ready to deal.
I do not shut up; it is of utmost importance I inform the officers how the unfortunate victim arrived at his current situation.  But they still do not listen as they open the door of their car and push my head down to keep me from hitting it as I half-sit, half-fall into the backseat.
“Nurse!” Sherlock bellowed, muttering under his breath something about “strangling Mycroft” and “inept staffing.”
“Would you say it felt ‘too’ good?”
His eyes darken at the memory.
to him?!’”
John was surprised at his reluctance to release Sherlock’s wrist, telling him, “Put it back up there and I’ll show you what mistletoe is for.
“No, not funny, not at all, Sherlock,” John said, trying valiantly to suppress his giggle given the stern look Sherlock wore. And couldn’t hold, because he, too, broke into a laugh.
Fumbling for his phone, Sherlock hauled it to his face, the light of it piercing painful holes in his retinas.
With the help of a firm push between his shoulder blades, John stumbled over the threshold of the flat.
And then it surfaced.  For just a moment.  It was a pale version of its former self, but I saw a hint of John’s ‘What the
Mesmerized, Sherlock crossed the few steps to where John sat.  Slowly lowering his long, lean, form to the floor, his eyes never leaving those that looked at him with wonderment , he knelt at John’s feet.  And cupping John’s thighs with his graceful hands, he rested his cheek on his lap, the heat of John’s body soothing him.  Telling him he would never be alone again.
type of ash? Do you want to see if a cabbie will finally take you and your bloody harpoon someplace?”
“Aldus, has Sir John…?”  Twas unlikely, but perhaps Sherlock had missed something.
Taking off his jacket and hanging it by the door, John wiped the last of the slush off his shoes and replacing them with slippers, headed to the kitchen to turn on the kettle; after the night they'd had he deserved a warm cuppa.
‘Where do I start?’ I wonder, my hands already starting to roam along him.  After brief consideration I decide I will treat this as any other case I solve. I will be slow and meticulous and make sure to cover
The harsh rap at the cab’s inner partition gave Sherlock a welcome out, at least for the moment. They had arrived at the flat, the cabbie impatient to be paid and on to his next fare.
Shooting a text to Lestrade—
“Why, John?”  Sherlock asked the question without indictment, for after all he knew John well.  Knew John would not hurt anyone without good cause.  It tugged at him to see that the man he looked at appeared to have aged several years in just the few days since he had last seen him.  What end could John have hoped to achieve which would be worth the toll it had so obviously taken on him?
of him.
As I study the pictures, I notice something else that would be undeniable to any observant eye.
in your bloody family who is normal?!”  John cast a sidelong look at Mrs. Holmes.  “Sorry, so sorry.”
The one voice he lived for.
Sherlock gave a small laugh. “Tis a…, tis my…,” he started, stumbling over his words.
“Oh.”
“Down!” Sherlock shifted his weight so that he sat on Mayhew.
“There be no need to thank me, Sir John; I knew as soon as I met you that there be a unique quality to you.  You be as much a part of the family as any other of us.  Now, you had best get back to your young man; if I know my boy, he be getting impatient about now.”
After a long pause, Sherlock said, “Well, I may have made references to a certain family member of Dimmock’s who was arrested last year, implying that there should be laws not only against theft but also against stupidity…”
Coming from the gurney that just passed him.
In my lifetime I’ve known of only one couple who after thirty years of marriage still seem in love.  And though Sherlock and I have only been together eight years, I know no matter how long we’re together, however long both of us live, we will be like that.  It is as true to me as anything I have ever believed.
“Nine-one-one,” says a young woman who stands near us. “Are you hurt?” She asks me. “I know CPR.”
“Who me?”  He tries to contain his mirth, but he is so bemused by my consternation his whole body shakes as his chuckle bubbles out of him.
Debating whether to tell John what I have hidden from him, I conclude I must be brave.  Though John still has his gun, he has not shot anyone in many years…  No, I will tell him.  Besides, he loves me ‘anyway.’
“Sir John,” Sherlock sighed.
John slides his hand into mine, entwining our fingers, leaving enough space between our palms so he has room to brush his thumb along my palm.
“John?”
“You know, don’t you?”  He is patient; waiting for the answer I have not given.
“I be pleased to hear that not only does thou agree with me, but that thou wholeheartedly supports me.”
For sitting before them lay the Battlefield.
Even after all the time he had lived with Sherlock, John realized he had never seen him unclothed.  But looking at the pale figure, examining the lean, muscularity of it, he knew that were he ever to see Sherlock without clothing, this was what he would look like.  The rounded bum underneath his pants would surely be as prominent as this one.  The arms that sat under rolled-up sleeves would surely be as taut as these.  The male member…well, he just wasn’t going to think about that one.
Sherlock noted no tire tracks in the drive leading to the house. Snow, blown into drifts at both entrances, looked to have been there for days, if not weeks, a conclusion supported by the stack of newspapers overflowing the paper box. This was the home of someone who had no need, no desire, to leave.
I don’t know what is wrong with me; I never used to be this way.
“Stop that! I refuse to consider that John is worse off without me.” Sherlock said the words forcefully, as if by doing so his will would be carried out.
“Exactly,” Sherlock repeated, triumphantly. “We’re giving him what he wants, which goes to follow he will—"
“Go on.”  His elbow now resting on the side of the chair, his chin propped in the palm of his hand, he is intrigued to hear what I have to say.
“Oh. Well, erm, thank you.” That was unexpected. Not unpleasant, just a surprise. Perhaps John’s near-death experience had brought this side of him out. It wasn’t an unusual phenomenon for someone to behave differently after nearly dying. “Now… Where were we?” Sherlock asked; he’d gotten entirely sidetracked, which
“Dumb, I see,” Sherlock snorted.
“Wonderful!  Nothing better than having a little one around, except for, well…” Mycroft smiles and holds his hand out to Greg, who is sat by him at the table.
“She insists, sir.” The flight attendant shook his head. “No, she won’t tell me why. Ms. Rudnikov seems quite adamant that you come to the jet. She said she won’t deplane until you speak with her, in person.”
status, I have no doubt you can take care of that inconvenience with little effort.  I’ll confess to blackmailing him as the means to get him to go along.  Shouldn’t be difficult to believe, coming from a murderer.”
John fingers dig into me.  “Who’s dead?  Mycroft?”
I grab my phone from the table and revive my internet search for Dr. Watson. Practically shoving the phone into Sherlock’s face, I show him a picture. It’s a zoomed on photograph of Dr. Watson’s enraptured face. Enraptured because he’s gazing at Sherlock.
After exhausting his resources, a dozen queries to everyone who might have a clue as to the whereabouts of a mad English consulting detective, John sat down with a cuppa.  His tea grew cold as he pretended to read the evening newspaper, or 'pabulum for the idiot masses', as Sherlock would say.
“No one has lived here for years, which should be abundantly evident to anyone who could see it, including you. Two people down, one to go; take me to John.” Sherlock turned from Stamford, shielding himself from view. Not wanting even a figment of his imagination to witness his melancholy at seeing his childhood home in near ruins. Panning  the property, Sherlock could hear the excited shrieks of children playing, the woof of a frisky four-footed friend. Could smell the scent of freshly baked cookies wafting from the kitchen window. Could see his parents toiling in the vegetable garden, every so often looking at each other and smiling, their love never far from the surface.
As I watch him, I know I never want to go through again what I went through today.  Whilst we are rarely apart from each other, when we are, I am able to cope, knowing I will see him again soon.   But today…  Today when I thought I might lose him forever, a darkness came over me that I resolve never again to experience.
, and that’s what people do for those they love.  But when I came to visit I didn’t leave, did I?
“John?”
know.  And now he’s been shot to death.  Have I about got it right?”
John barely waited until the Land Rover came to a full stop before he jumped out.  Shoving his hands into his jacket pockets he strode to the door, taking a deep breath before entering.  He nodded briefly to Mrs. Holmes and Mycroft where they sat at the kitchen table, heading straight to his room where the solitude beaconed him.
Once again he reads my mind.  I really need to learn to be less obvious.
John!
But everything that came to mind sat uneasily in him; he couldn’t imagine them reaching his tongue. Mentally crumpling each rejected snippet into a wad, he tossed them aside.
John shut his eyes against his mounting frustration, giving up on trying to make Sherlock see reason. They would get into the building again. Someday.
“Do not say that.” That time Sherlock did not have to affect his irritation; how could John be so dense? “Thou has saved my life more times than I can count.  But tis not of what I speak.”
“But why would you do that?”  Just bewildered enough at
“Yeh, I forgot something.”
If I did have such superior self-control over my facial expressions, I would give John a good dose of his ‘What the
The appointment had been abysmally lacking in substantive information, but the file should tell him everything he needed to know. It had to; it was all he had left. There was a certain heft to it as it sat on his lap, holding several inches worth of paper. Paper on which the inner workings of John Watson were recorded. Removing his gloves, Sherlock opened the folder, and his brow furrowed when he looked inside—a blank sheet of paper stared up at him.
“I… that is not quite the way it happened.”
John slams our bedroom door behind us, pointing toward the room we just left.
His face set, John has made up his mind and will not budge.  I will try another tactic….
She looked around her at her new home. At least she’d had a couple of days to get the essentials organized; she wouldn’t have to return to total chaos. Unless…
John.
John knew one day his world would be righted and he would once again be ready to date; he just didn’t think it would be so soon.  But Mary…bright, funny, attractive, Mary.  She understood him,
he had his constitution.
Sherlock had little patience for his brother’s concern.  “I’m going to take responsibility for Magnussen’s death, Mycroft; you know as well as I do John did not kill him. As for the
John takes my hand in his as if to reassure me, watching as his thumb rubs the backs of my knuckles.
John had no need to say a word, for the exhilaration on his face told Sherlock everything he needed to know.
“That cannot be true,” I state with all the assurance of someone who has vast knowledge on the subject.  “You date all the time.  You must have unconsciously transferred your emotions from the latest person you were dating.  What was her name?  I do not remember.”
John throws his Sherlock-less arms around her, “Hi, honey!  God I’ve missed you!  You look beautiful!  It must have been a lovely wedding.”  He beams at her with fatherly pride.
After whipping up a breakfast casserole, I took a steaming plate of it on a tray with a mug of tea and a shop-purchased rose bud in a vase for color, booming, “Good morning, John!”
A chuckle forms at the back of his throat and I hear it reverberate through his chest into mine.
“Well, if you don’t want to see…”
“Colin?”
“That is a ridiculous idea!”  John flew to his feet.  His forgotten mazer falling, its amber liquid pooled on the ground.
he were as clever as me.
“My subconscious related it to when I was in prison; I could not move, just as I cannot now.  My subconscious does not know the difference between a body and chains.  Imprisonment is imprisonment.”  I do not blame John.  It is an unfortunate consequence of an unfortunate event.
“I trust your call was productive?” It was all Sherlock could do to hold back a smug smile.
“I miss you, too, honey; you have no idea how much.  Let’s try this a few more days and if it doesn’t work, we’ll try something else.  Ok?”  The berm presses against me; he has pushed his weight towards me, a feeble attempt at non-contact contact.
(See the end of the chapter for
John stared into startlingly blue eyes.  Happy, angry, worried?  Indifferent?   Which it be, John did not know.  All he knew be they were the loveliest eyes he had ever seen, and he thought he need not look at anything else ever again.  Want for nothing else.
The expression on his face reveals both anger and worry; he knows my patience is practically non-existent at this point.  And we both know what happens when I run out of patience.  The world will not be safe from my scathing tongue and he will be angry with me and embarrassed to be seen with me and then he will leave me for his other lover(s?).  And then I will be all alone without him.
“Wait. Andi’s at the meeting? What’s she doing there?”
“Gareth must have disposed of the knife, or taken it with him.”
The mantel clock begins its hourly ritual, and just before its fourth, and final, chime, I drift off into a fitful sleep.
Katie looks around the sitting room, not quite sure what to do.  She told Paul she would meet him and the kids soon; giving me and John time alone, she will return later.  But she is reluctant to take the step out the door that says she has now said goodbye forever to her remaining parent.
Deep in the toe of a pair of expensive leather riding boots, Sherlock felt a hard, jagged surface.
Colin’s legs as long as his, Sherlock found he could walk as fast as he desired, and right now he needed to walk very fast.  Needed to leave behind the feeling that he had left something behind.  But it felt strange not to check his stride as he did with John.  Felt strange not to have the smaller man beside him.
“What the…  It’s ‘The Only Way is Essex’, and it’s a BAFTA winning show, if you must know.  Tonight Billie….”
“Because, John, Cedric, thy squire, a man to whom you have on many occasions entrusted your life, murdered Eduard.”
“I need you
I stand up and walk with him to the door.  I do not hold his hand or I fear I will not let him go.
At that moment, there was nothing else that mattered.
The cabbie grumbled something unintelligible under his breath. Molly had won.
“Yes, Sir John?”
John turned and leaned back against the sink. Searching Sherlock’s face.
And one thing that made John happy was Todd’s sense of sexual adventure.  He would never have thought that he himself was any type of slouch in the bedroom, but Todd was always one step ahead of him when it came to sex.
His laptop on his thighs, Sherlock was torn between researching the banker and watching the video he’d been sent. Either path could lead him to Simon’s identity, but one offered cold reason, the other, the dangers of sentiment.
“I will agree on one condition.”
“I don’t tell you everything.”
“What I mean to say be--”
“Exactly, John.”
clothes and then I’m going to visit Mary.”
.  He caught sight of something in the large man’s hand… a crudely fashioned, but still dangerous looking shiv.
At Mary’s desperate request he call ‘John’, Leonid scrambled through her bag for her mobile; it was difficult to search for it while he tried to comfort her.  Finally grabbing ahold of it he shoved it into his pocket, freeing his hand to reach for the cool, wet towel a waiter brought him; the call he needed make quickly dropped from his mind.  ‘Chyort voz’mi!’ (shit!).  He should never have let her leave him, no matter what she said.  He should have spent his days trying to find her, not drowning himself in alcohol.
For two years,
John is dying.
It will not be the last time I do so tonight.  For when I told John to ‘love me in whatever way you see appropriate’, he took it to heart.  And apparently there are
Without missing a beat, John bounded off the bed, his heart pounding. And with a self-satisfied smile, he thought,
Panting, he turns his head toward me, barely able to meet my eyes from where he is contorted, and gives me his ‘What the
He sounds so terribly sad, it about breaks my heart.  Of anyone, I know best how important Sherlock’s brain is to him.  And to have it malfunction?  Sherlock is so used to, and has taken such pride in, such a high level of functionality that even the most minute glitch would alarm him.  I can only imagine he would feel he’s lost his life.
At this Aldus swung at Cedric, nearly unbalancing himself from his horse, but Cedric ducked out of the way of the flying fist.
“Good evening,” I say, holding out a hand in greeting, my smile saying I couldn’t be more pleased to meet him. “Giorgio Amici, here to collect Sherlock.”
Sliding the chain off, he opened the door, managing to affect a dark scowl in an attempt to drive his visitor away. It had worked many times in the past, no reason it shouldn’t now.   He had to admit, he had a vague curiosity as to who was disturbing his sleep.  Though, to tell the truth, he didn’t know whether he had fallen asleep or passed out, it was all the same anymore.
As with all other time they spend together, the first time Sherlock and John have sex is full of love, laughter, and one small argument.
~~**~~
“Sherlock has been worried that I have been gone?”
The voicemail ended.
One of the coldest days on record in Britain’s history and the buggering heat quit.   Giving out under the strain of the extreme temperatures, the building’s ancient boiler offered only a few last puffs of warm air before it died.
Except, perhaps, John.
In the middle of the night John receives a phone call, and without telling Sherlock who called or why, he immediately leaves for London.  Alone.
It wasn’t uncommon for someone with a concussion to have some amnesia, but John’s symptoms didn’t align with any he’d ever come across, nor did they fit with the casual research he’d done: his memory loss didn’t go back to the accident, it went back months before that. The extended time frame, that’s what disturbed him most.
“What is your name, I pray ask you.”  Much to his dismay, Sir John’s eyes flicked down from the stranger’s face for the briefest of moments and back up again.  Only through years of practice was he able to keep his face impassive, his groan silent, as he thanked Almighty God that thick robes covered his groin.
With great strength of will, he took one last teasing taste and pushed the finger out.
“Are you sulking?”
“What, Sir?”
“Thou knows it be the same for me
roust a seriously ill patient (well, a patient, anyway) from his sickbed, but she had pulled out the big guns—she had used Sherlock against him. “Sherlock’s in trouble. He needs you,” she’d said.
“Honey…
Colin beamed at Geoffrey.  “Thank you, thank you so much.  Tis one more thing, though.  Do you know who Sir John the Courageous of Cambridge be?  Twas in Leith a few days back.  I, uh, I have need to know in which direction he travels.”
“People in love have trouble eating and sleeping.
The confusion that registered on John’s face at Sherlock’s quick turnaround disappeared when he saw the smile in Sherlock’s eyes.
His thumbs still on the screen, Sherlock typed
“Hm?”
“It’s not Mary.
7:58. A minute already gone.
He rubs his head with a towel as he walks to his closet, wrapping the towel around his neck as he chooses his days’ clothing.
arse in the picture, you….  Bollocks.” He shook his head in well, he just didn’t know what.  All he knew was he was flabbergasted.  Flabbergasted that he had kissed Sherlock.  That he had enjoyed it. Hell, he had more than enjoyed it, it was the best kiss he had ever had.    He moistened his lips, momentarily lost in the memory of Sherlock’s lips on his.
.  Closing his eyes, he stroked his length.  He pictured Sherlock’s heaving chest, his nipples straining through his blouse.  Pictured thighs he knew to be strong and sinewy.
Still cupping his face, I gently kiss his cheek, his temple, his eyelids whose lashes tickle my lip, and nudging my nose into his hair, I pull him to me, my arms wrapping around his strong shoulders.  “You may never leave me behind again,” I whisper, knowing I have somehow transformed into the person I have for so long derided, mocked with the fervor of someone devoted to a lifetime’s cause.
Mary bristled, practically hissing, “It was my mother’s name.”
About to ask Sherlock what the
John mumbles something but I cannot understand him.  I push him back just far enough so his mouth is no longer buried in my chest and he can speak.
Sherlock nodded at John, silently telling him to stay.  Begrudgingly, the detective moved into the empty corridor, where he could still see John and Molly through the window.
And then, as if waking from a fugue state and realizing what she was in the process of doing, she flailed, grasping for something to anchor her. But it was too late.
Pulling back so he could look at Sherlock, John asked, “Will that do?  If you prefer, I can continue with Ily-”
John pushed through the brush, trying to keep his eyes on Sherlock.  Trying to keep his ears alert to sounds around him that might not belong.  Knowing it be imperative to concentrate.  But it had been a long day, and against his best intentions his mind wandered to the night before.
Cedric loosed his grip, and dashing into John’s path, blocked him from walking away. “
Sherlock, never adept at playing stupid, did not deter John with his apparent confusion.
I fill my bag with clothing folded to the precise measurements for maximum packing capacity.
The first recognizable thought he had was of the man he had been trying to protect.  The man he had murdered someone in cold blood for.
Sherlock associated with his friend.
John lies on his back, his face tilted toward me.  When he dropped into bed almost twelve hours ago he was too tired to roll to his side as is his normal wont.  I prop my head on my hand, looking down at him.  I could stay like this for hours.  Days.  Years.  Stare endlessly at the face which fascinates me so.
is the way it is supposed to be.’  When I heard you loved me, it felt so sodding
go to The Slaughtered Lamb last night.”
As much as John loved Sherlock when he be full of fire and certainty, if possible, he loved him even more when he did not have the answers.  When Sherlock be unsure of himself, wanting to ask questions he could not articulate.  Twas a vulnerability about him then, softening him, tearing down walls built over a lifetime.  Twas a contrast that made John want to fold him into his arms and tell him everything would be all right.
John resumes threading his fingers through my hair, teasing small strands out and letting them bounce back to their usual disorder.  I listen to his heartbeat as he thinks, knowing whatever he decides is right for me, too.  As I long as I have John I want for nothing more.   But still…
I say.  Now off with you!”
“Remember when you told me you wanted to know
As he sat beside Stamford in the passenger compartment, protected from the abominable weather, he looked outside and said, “This will never get us to the airport. I doubt a tank—"
John licked his lips, hesitant to say anything given the very real possibility that he might not come back from the war.  But against his better judgment he said, “I would really, uhm, would really like spend some time with you, but I have to leave early in the morning for an extended period of time.  Would it be alright if I give you a ring when I get back?”
“No. The job is better left to you.” Moving toward the patio’s outer door, Mycroft paused. “If you need assistance …”
name?  The people she had worked for?  Some kind of code for god knows what?), wondering if he should, if he
“I observe, John.” John’s grip on his hand had tightened, and Sherlock looked away briefly to hide the flush he was sure would be plainly evident, even to John. “Anyone one paying the slightest attention would come to the same conclusion.”
You mean your husband?”
‘Jesus’, he mutters under his breath. “Besides, it’s not like I’m looking for a date.”  He puts his hands up to his tie to finish straightening it.
“Read the inside of the band, John.”
Jesus.
Half asleep, John relished the comfort in which he found himself.  But how be he so comfortable?  Was the room not cold?  Surely so close to morn the fire would have died out.  And was not the bed lumpy with ticking?
Mary sniffled for effect.  She was quickly tiring of the game, but knowing Sherlock wasn’t quite as clever as he thought he was, helped.
Sherlock tightly gripped the door handle, apprehensive of what he was about to see. Snow fell in heavy sheets that at any other time might be entrancing, but today it hindered Sherlock’s line of sight. Obscured the white chapel that sat yards away. When he did see it, he closed his eyes, taking a moment to steady himself.
The side of Nika’s mouth twitched in a smile.
That’s it?  I’m not going to find out what he’s afraid of?  I was sure he would tell Katie.
“Let’s get on with it, shall we?” John said, rousing Sherlock from his dark musings. “I’ll be needing a nap again, soon enough. But I need to be sure that you know I’m not going to off myself, okay?” John paused, resuming only after the confirming nod from Sherlock. “All right, then. What I want to know is, what does Rudnikov know that just about everyone but me seems to know?” His mouth gaped as if to say more, but then he pressed his lips shut, seemingly satisfied that the lone question was a sufficient place to start.
John set the tea on the table beside him hard enough that the cup and saucer clanked together and the tea sloshed over the edge, and, with a determined move, he slotted his fingers together and forced his clasped hands to stay in his lap.
—in it, a link taking Sherlock directly to a video that began with a view of a computer screen. On it, a blank Word document, its title bar revealing it belonged to James Alderman.
Approaching Simon, the courier’s gaze flitted around the bustling food court as if ready to run at the slightest provocation. Sitting down, he laid an envelope between them on the table.
In case you missed it, I put out a Christmas chapter titled Only Our Hearts, which shows as Part II of this series.
“You’d better get that back to him, or else we may find ourselves on the wrong side of a jail cell.”
“I’m sure you are aware you are putting Dr. Watson in danger by bringing him here.  After all, there
“Why didn’t you say so.” John had pushed Geoff’s hands away, insisting on dressing his own goddamn self. In his rush, forgetting to ask just what trouble Sherlock was in.
He searches my eyes and I know he will find in them everything he needs to see.
In his life Sherlock had been beaten, nearly drowned, whipped, and manipulated to perform the vilest acts.  Punishments that had been offences to his body.  But none had pained him as much as “I was wrong, I do not love you.”  John’s words had been an offence to his heart. He now knew this be the harshest punishment of them all.
“Whoever it be entered only your tent.  Aldus and I be unscathed.   Cedric be nicked by a knife, suffered when he fought off your attacker.”  Propping himself up, Sherlock said, “Really, John, what be you thinking when you took Cedric on?  He be like a little girl the way he moans over a tiny scratch.”
Sherlock’s breath warmed John’s skin as he took his exquisite time exploring. As his mouth, that lush, lush mouth, kissed John’s eyelids, his ear, his jaw. As his hands caressed John, one at the back of his head, sifting through the short strands of his hair; the other at his neck, Sherlock’s thumb stroking the soft skin below his ear, until Sherlock’s mouth found that spot, too.
“That’s fine, Molly; I’ll have Mycroft get the footage to me.” Sherlock compared the face in the printout to the one he’d seen in the pictures at James’s flat. Her skin was paler, the smile absent. But aside from that, she might have just been asleep. Fascinating. He would have to read up on the literature regarding people who die from a great fall. Likely he would have to supplement it with his own research; it was so rare that such studies met his demands.
“Wait for me!” she called out.
Nika interrupted again. “Hospital privileges wherever I need to remove a chip.”
Just two years out of University, he did well for himself.  Living in a comfortable part of the city, he felt he was much further ahead than he dreamed he would be at this point in his life.  After graduating the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, he quickly secured a position at a major corporation in London, his pay far exceeding that of any of his classmates.  Known for his superior programming skills, he earned the unofficial title ‘Boy Wonder’.  While he found the nickname patronizing, he couldn’t regret the status it earned him in the technological world.
‘No’, what?  I am confused.  Does he not want me here?  He told me to ‘decide’, and it seemed clear to me he hoped me to be here this evening.
For those of you who have joined along, thank you so, so much.  My only wish is that you got even a fraction of pleasure reading it as I did putting it down.
?  You may as well say forever, John, there is no difference.
His heart beats beneath me.
My lip hurts from biting on it.  Even if he does not care about me, he should care about my lip.  (Look, John!  My lip is bleeding!  Please, come back…please.)
Does he not know?  Far too often he reads my mind and I do not understand why he cannot this time.  “I do not like it,” I repeat.
“You talk too much,” Sherlock murmured, finding the sensitive patch of skin behind John’s earlobe, teasing it with his tongue.
John must have seen the excitement I tried to contain, for he urged me to go.  "You'll regret it all the days of your life if you don't," he said. I looked at Mr. Abernathy's hopeful face, John's encouraging one.  I certainly did not need to ask John’s permission and I did not need his blessing, but also I did not want to leave him by himself.  Katie was now gone and though he and I were not family, our lives were intricately weaved together in such a way that I had little doubt he would be at as much of a loss without me as I without him.
I am struck with the sense that though I have known him for going on twenty-five years now, have seen every expression on his face, could pick his walk out of a crowd fifty meters away, could tell you how many hairs he has on his hand, it is as if I am looking at him for the very first time; I have seen him, but I have not observed.
My Dearest Sherlock,
Led to the table where Mary sat, Leonid was not prepared for the jolt he felt at seeing her again after so long a time.  If anything, she was more beautiful than he remembered.  When she stood to greet him, he couldn’t help but gape at her protruding stomach.  Pregnant.  He wasn’t quick enough to hide his dismay, but whether she didn’t notice or ignored it, he didn’t know.
“No, thou be not off to London alone.”
It took nearly twenty minutes for Sherlock to come back to the Land Rover.  Twenty minutes that felt like twenty hours while John sat thinking about his wife’s lies.  Twenty minutes to realize, no matter her explanation, he could no longer stay married to her.
“Yes, I think it is a fine idea.  When would you like me to move out?”
Oh, dear. I have made a bungling mess of it. It is my mission to untangle the miscommunications between them, not mire them deeper in a haze of misunderstanding.
John’s smile tightens to the point it is almost a grimace.  My own heart racing, I have a desperate need to go over and hold his hand (that is, if I can pry it from the other), to tell him this bottom feeder is not worth the breath he will use to answer, but I stay rooted to my spot.
“What happened to my brother?  Does he still live with William?”
Nika hurried into the hospital and down the hall to the office that only the day before had been hers. Dropping her things onto the desk with a whump, she turned on the computer, pulling up Dr. Watson’s file from the server. She studied it for what she could well have missed in the physical files.
They consummated their relationship in St Barts after they had finished examining a body found floating in the Thames. There could be no less romantic setting than hovering over a bloated body that had lost several fingers and toes to marine life. But for John and Sherlock, such scenes were part of their daily lives, nothing to get overly squeamish about, so when Sherlock started ogling John over the body and John reached over to kiss him, there was no turning back~ there was no greater affirmation of life than the presence of death.
“I think thou be right.  I want to tell thee the rest, I do, but tis late and I need to rest.  Tomorrow?  Will you wait for the rest until tomorrow?”  Laila took the arm offered her and lifted herself from her stool.
“Not this time, John.  This time there is nothing more I need than to be surrounded by you.  It is how it has always been, but I refused to see it.”
Wrapping a blanket around me, I get up and check the cot.  Also empty.  Dammit.  I feel guilty Sherlock has had to get up with the baby; he said he doesn’t mind, but we’re supposed to be taking turns.
In the time it took the sharp report of the gun to die to a small echo in the distance, John Watson made a decision that would have lasting repercussions in every facet of his life, from the fate of his marriage to the path the life of his unborn child would take.
A bit shakier than he would care to admit to anyone, he stood, but not before making sure his legs would hold him. And settling his tab with a few notes on the table, he responded.
“Go on, open it.”  John looks so excited you would think it was for him.
“I said, do you want another one.” The server stood over him expectantly, the chewing gum in her mouth dying a violent death.
Mycroft frowned. “He’s not here with you?”
“Good evening, I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade.  If you don’t mind, I’d like to take a statement from you about what you saw happen here.”  He stopped, getting the feeling he’d seen the man somewhere before, somewhere important.  Suddenly it hit him, “You’re a doctor, aren’t you.  Yeh, I think you were the one who saved my friend’s life at the A&E a few years back.”
well, but…
A disconcerting notion, but at some point, that knowledge might become a powerful tool.
My arms tiring from holding myself up, I flop onto the bed, lying to face John.  Pushing the billowing pillow down so I can see his face, he turns over so he can see me, too.  We lie here, taking each other in.  For how long I do not know; all I know is I can do this forever.  I will never tire of watching John Watson.
How he wished he could kiss Sherlock well…
do or I would not have kept my promise.  My promise to him I vowed to never,
Honey?  Who is Honey?  I feel a hand underneath my unbuttoned shirt (how did that happen?) persistently rubbing me in brisk, firm strokes up and down my sternum.  It is not an unpleasant sensation.
While Andi talked, Sherlock’s gaze settled on John’s face, physically aching because he had not been able to prevent the accident. That John had to bear…
“Me?!  How would I cause your nightmare?”
“Where will we find you if we have questions?”
Refocusing on the matter at hand, as it is neither a surprise nor a consequence to me that Moriarty is forever damned, “The incident at St. Barts and the two years pursuing Moriarty’s men is exactly what I am talking about,” I assert.  “That was the very definition of a selfish act.  The sole purpose for my actions was not to secure their safety.  My purpose was to avoid the distress I would have experienced had any of them come to harm.  It was all about
“This is where we stood.  We circled each other, a macabre game… a dance almost, wondering who would give first.
“Eduard’s knife!  So
~~**~~
“I said I had only one ask of you, but I find I must make one more. It is purely from a professional—”
“Tis vexing. He could mistake me for someone else, but he knew my name, and ‘Sherlock’ be not common.”
Days earlier he had been approached by a blonde, pregnant woman who had offered him everything he could hope for, and more; more than enough money to live
John readjusted the angle of his leg (
“Andi is MI-5. I played along with her assertion that she wasn’t, determining that I’d get more information by being purposely obtuse rather than butting heads with Mycroft. Anyway, Andi is the lead agent in the search for Simon, correctly, we can now see, assuming that there is a personal connection to either you or me. The head scientist, Dr. Strummer, should have been of assistance, but he was killed months ago. They said it was by suicide, but he had to have died by Simon’s hands. Strummer was Simon’s first, not James.”
On the way home it’s quiet in the car, the radio set to a classical station that keeps losing reception, so Sherlock turned it off.
it?’ he muttered under his breath, knowing he wouldn’t be able to rest until he revealed and removed the threat of the nameless sniper. He feared that with any piece of Moriarty’s web still present John’s life would be in danger.  A situation always intolerable to him, but now unthinkable.
Sherlock opened his eyes and a gave John’s hand a gentle squeeze before reluctantly moving from the bed and heading to the main hallway.
see, now clear.
another.  I prefer to think that…”
“I’m not just a pretty face, Mr. Holmes,” I joke. I lay down on top of him, careful not to burden him with my full weight.  We barely have time to unbutton our shirts, a task made more cumbersome with our lips locked together, when we hear Katie shout from the living room.
“It’s not the suit, though I think you’ll regret that as well.  It’s the coat.  You don’t need the coat, honey.” John leans against the wall, his arms now folded at his chest.
Sherlock’s eyes, ice blue in accusation, pierced into him.
Lost inside his head, John was at first unaware of the large white wings that wrapped around him, embracing him in their feathery fold.  All he knew was he felt warmth and comfort that eased the gaping hole in his heart.  He could hear the wings flutter lightly, the gentle sound soothing.
He knelt beside the chair and leaned against the arm, his face inches away from John’s. And reaching out with a hand that lacked its usual assurance, Sherlock stopped mid-air, until he saw the faintest of smiles grace John’s eyes, as if it would somehow break the spell if he divulged more.
“Rudnikov said nothing about amnesia,” Sherlock said, thinking through what she had told him. “She said—”
Even though John had figured out that Sherlock was not a sentimental man, had come to know that friendship did not hold a high priority in the solitary man’s life, he understood that for Sherlock this was the closest he would come to saying that he wanted John to come home.  Wanted to spend time with him in person.
I flap my hand in his general direction, “Shut up.”  I am busy, John.
I spin back to a sitting position and jump to my feet.  I stomp, I mean walk, over to John’s door.
“No, John,” Sherlock said sharply.  “Leave this alone.  They know who I be; tis no mistake.”
himself from me?” Sherlock’s voice boomed in the small car. “I would never hurt John. Never. The mere suggestion of it is scurrilous.”
“No, no, no!  Hurt yourself, you will. Let me show you.”  Aldus slipped off his horse and rushed to Sherlock.  Bravely dodging the erratic movements of the lethal weapon, he unhanded the sword from Sherlock and held it in front of himself, angling it across his torso up toward his head.  “Here, like this.  Defending yourself be important, but you must be ready at all times to attack before you be attacked.”
“What?”
Sherlock sulks, but in a moment he’s fine, settling into bed, impatient for me to join him.  “Get over here!”
“We must alert the authorities, Sherlock, tis the law.  When he is captured he will be no more threat to you.  And capture him they must.  I- I cannot bear the thought of thee in danger, Sherlock. I cannot lose thee.”  John took Sherlock’s hands in his, marveling at their elegance.  He traced a long, graceful finger, and then another, imagining how they would feel against his skin, caressing it with desire, not as “a means to an end”.  And next time twould
His mouth freed, John glanced over at the squires.  Not that he need look to reassure himself they slept, for a jangle of snores from the two men filled the room.  Twas a wonder he could ever sleep.
Sir John was not surprised Sherlock fainted by the time they reached camp. Torture, blood loss, exhaustion. These would be enough to bring down even the hardiest man.
bit of inspiration), all with the intent of eliciting information he did not have.  He had been so severely beaten they had thought he was dead, leaving him behind as they moved camp.
“Look at me.”
His body had slowly mended over the three months he was there, but there had been nothing they could do for his frame of mind. He had met with the in-house psychiatrist every week, the two fighting a battle over his relentless apathy and the underlying depression…the psychiatrist calm and unaffected, John unable to see the point as she gave him tools to cope with a world that was somehow passing him by.  Gave him drugs that took away the nightmares but left him even more apathetic, drugs he took to hiding under his tongue until the meds nurse was gone, when they were then flushed down the sink.
Hearing the key in the door, John opened his eyes.  Sherlock’s face, illuminated by the interior light, gave nothing away.
In a fit of self-disgust, Sherlock threw himself onto his side.
He studied the face on the pillow; it looked peaceful.  No telltale signs of violent trauma.  No apparent signs of poisoning. Everything about the scene, including the position of the body and the undisturbed bedcovers said Natural Death to him.  This man had died in his sleep.  Had to have.
We walk hand-in-hand to our bedroom, my stomach churning as I think of what could have happened had John not exercised a common sense that I am just now learning I too often lack.
Exhausted, John gingerly pulled out, flopping down beside Sherlock, accepting the kiss that then turned into a tired smile.  Accepting the arm that pulled him closer, bringing him into the circle of Sherlock’s warmth.
lover?  My stomach threatens to heave its contents.  I cannot imagine John would cheat on me.  Surely there is no one for him but me?  But maybe he has found someone who does not anger him as I do.  Someone who promises to help with the housework and keep their experiments in a separate refrigerator.  Is it too late to change my ways, or have I already lost him?  I bite on my fingernail.
“Do we have to do this
“John, love.”
A very undignified scream escapes my lips and before I know it I find myself sprawled on the floor, having involuntarily taken flight from the powerful surge of electricity which attacked me.
Sherlock slowed his steps further as he sought the building housing the old woman. Spotting her through an open doorway as she hunched over a basin, her hand felt along the table on which it sat. Her fingers bumping into a plate, she grasped it and passed a wet rag over it.
“On Christmas morning?!”
"Besides, I would miss you if I didn’t, silly git. I'm just going to pick up a few things; I'll be back by dinner time. Ok?"
I do not look up from my book as I studiously ignore him.
John’s gaze flickered, his only response.
“Yes, Laila be the mother to both of us.  She did not tell me until two days before I met you and Sherlock that he be my brother.  Tis why I followed you.  I be ashamed that I was too much of a coward to tell him.  I—I wish—“
“Thank you, Chanae.” Sherlock placed a generous tip in her hand; there was no need for her to split this one with the bartender. “You have been a tremendous help.”
“Lean closer to me, my love.”
“We are
But with that irritating, unwavering confidence that Sherlock had about him, the warranted assuredness that drew John to him like a bee to a flower, Sherlock did not answer the question.  Instead, he asked one.
John wasn’t angry at Sherlock.  Rarely did he doubt Sherlock’s methods; never did he doubt his motives.  While Sherlock might not always take the most ethical routes in his pursuit of right over evil, the reasons he did so were always surprisingly pure.
“I know you were trying to find a way to get us home for Christmas.”
He decided not to disturb John; it was early yet.   Opening the oven, he took a look at the food inside.  Seeing nothing of interest to him, he closed it, thinking perhaps it best to bury some in the trash compactor, put his mother off the fact he didn’t eat.  But no, that wouldn’t work.  The color of his skin, the height of his eyebrows, or some such ludicrous thing would provide sufficient proof he failed to ingest food.  With an oven mitt, he removed a plate and set it on the hob, waiting for it to cool.
the argument and go straight to sex.”
I see his hand move toward me and instead of a punch to the stomach it reaches up and lays itself on my face.  What is he doing?  Maybe he is giving me a false sense of security before he hurts me.
His face comes close to mine and his breath is warm on my skin.  I don't know whether it is the wine or his own scent, but he smells sweet. I want more.  Like the wine, he makes me giddy.
“Oww!”   He stuck his burnt finger into his mouth, the warmth of his mouth only mading his finger hurt worse.  Glaring at the steaming food, he pulled out a knife and made several long cuts the length of the rabbit, fanning it open to let the heat escape.
After sitting on a horse for two long days, though, something to which Colin be unaccustomed, his back hurt, his thighs ached.  And his ardency waned, trailing behind him until almost none be left.  Twas not that he no longer wanted to see Sherlock and tell him they be brothers, but why could it not be
“Someone breached the house. They stole the chip.” He could see from her face there was no need to explain the repercussions. He leaned over her, intent on the screens. “These are in real time?”
“Geez, guys, go on and kiss!”
Sherlock mocked the concept, ridiculing the methodology as an idiot’s guide to failure. But he couldn’t help but return to something else she said, about John knowing what he needed. That, of all Andi had said, had a ring of truth. A loud one.
Sherlock held John’s gaze for a few moments, observing
“Why do we need to find the knife, Sherlock; you said you know his manner of death.  What else could it tell us?”
A red haze clouding his vision, Sherlock marched to the woman and, roughly grabbing her arm, pulled her away.
Come now, do not look so surprised.  I do it all the time.   If I did not, he would get angry with me and I would sulk and he would yell at me and I would promise never to do it again and then I would do it again and then he would leave.  Well, he has not left
Ha! Unfolding the murphy bed, Sherlock found a laptop tucked between the blankets.
“I love you, too.”  He takes a deep breathe, “God, how I do.”
I wait for him to do something.
That be a simple place to start, but Laila had trouble saying the words.  Her mouth parted, and no sound came out.
Have I mentioned that I despise John Watson?  That I rue the day I met him?  That I would delete my memories of our spine-tingling, sigh-inducing kisses if I did not think I might,
I briefly debate the pros and cons.  Truthfully, I should say I debate the pros, because hard as I try, I cannot think of any cons.
Standing up, Katie leans over the bed and straightens the duvet, gazing at the faces that will forever be linked together in her mind.  She knows she should call the funeral home, but she can’t do it, not yet.  She can’t bring herself to separate the two men who, though they are no longer aware of their surroundings, would never want to be away from each other for one moment, even in death.
“You all right?”  John’s concern crept into his voice; his remorse for wounding  Sherlock hitting him hard.
Andi.
“Yes, love?”  He asks, kissing my chest.
“John?  Who
Sherlock's unwavering eyes met Sir John's. "Yes."
“Look at him. He takes direction well.” John chuckled.  “Most of the time.   His skills do not match yours and Aldus’s, but he has come far this week.  And he knows his way around a horse.  I see no reason why he could not assume the duties of a squire.”
Voices of nurses and housekeepers and even a Chaplain (a chaplain?!).
take out the garbage.  I really would like…”
Not wanting to argue, John nodded in agreement.   As reasonable as Sherlock’s declaration sounded, once the time came for him to make a choice, twould not be so simple.  In many ways, Sherlock had lived a sheltered life, and twould be a hard lesson when he found out things did not necessarily work the way he wanted them to; the world be an unforgiving place.
John’s firm body resting against his back.
The voice came from within the room, and Sherlock’s eyes landed on the portable speaker in the corner on the floor. “Where is John? What do you want?” Sherlock turned slowly, taking in the few small details that were potential clues to wherever Simon held John. If Simon were anywhere nearby, he would have presented himself by now.
“Scotti?  What does ‘Scotti’ have to do with 'Sherlock'?”
I do not have to think about it.  I have my reasons for not wanting to go, but I find it impossible to deny my husband any desire.  We will go to Vermont.
Nothing else matters.
Seeing as how I no longer seem to be helping him, John finishes undressing and crawls into bed with me, his hand now caressing an oh-so-slow-to-respond penis.
Nothing but Sherlock.
“I don’t mind,” John said, an openness and warmth on his face that Sherlock had seen on only one face besides his parent’s, this one.
The serious situation they found themselves in once again reflected on Sherlock’s face; this truly was no laughing matter.  No matter how ridiculous John looked dressed in Mum’s clothes, they would protect him.  If it meant wearing a dress, then so be it.
“We’re colleagues,” he said with a matter-of-factness he hoped would deter questions. He hadn’t considered what he would tell John if John didn’t remember him. And partial memory was a twist he hadn’t considered at all.
Before he could finish asking, Molly fished a few notes from her pocket and handed them to him. And spinning on his heel, he strode quickly from the morgue. He was done there. But just as importantly, he had no desire to collapse at St. Barts, and he felt far too close to doing so for his comfort.
Having already gotten John unbuttoned, Sherlock stripped him of his jeans and pants in one swift motion, letting the clothing fall to a pile at his feet.  Wrapping those long (gloriously long, fucking gorgeous) fingers around John's already erect cock, he stroked the silky shaft that was thick with arousal.  He stared into John’s eyes as he pumped him.  Watched John’s breathing grow ever more rapid and shallow.  Watched as the smaller man’s eyes closed, his head tipping back, mouth open.
The slow, rhythmic path Todd’s tongue swirled around his tip somehow evolved into sucking.  Jesus, how could he pull that hard on his dick? John thought.  It was like he was trying to suck the come right out of him…Christ!
His head jerking up, Sherlock squinted at John.
As I gaze down on him I think how peaceful he looks.
With a final snort Cedric stirred. "Sir?" He blinked in Sir John's direction, the soft light of the candle too harsh for his eyes.
“Get away!  This be none of your concern!”  The more robust of the two captors snarled back, his barreled chest heaving as he struggled with a slippery arm resisting with a strength that was mystifying given its size.
But John Watson did not see any of that.  His mind was on his future.  Or truth be told, on if there would indeed be one.  He had been back in London now for eight months, eight months of trying figure out how to insert himself back into a life that had become foreign to him.
could be more right.
“No, all be well, Sherlock. Tis that sometimes I wish…”
Was he in love?  He really didn’t know, but he thought he might be.  Besides, romantic love was overrated.  Compatibility was the key to a long relationship, that’s what his mum had always said.  And she and Dad had been married for 32 years before Dad died.  They had seemed happy enough.
Sherlock opened his eyes, leaning back so John could see them.
Katie and Paul left the baby with us at our London flat for the night; it’s the first time John John’s stayed with us.  Katie wasn’t keen on it, but she and Paul were at an important work banquet last night, going on to spend the night at a posh hotel at company expense; they haven’t had a night out alone since before the baby was born.  Paul reassured Katie that if she survived childhood with me then their son would be in good hands. “John John will be fine,” he said.  I think the unspoken question in the room was would he survive
It takes him several tries before he continues, his mouth opening, then closing again.  His eyebrows pinched together.
He’d have to think about the significance of that later.
this is.  You really do
sleep for nearly nine hours.”
A seven percent solution, to be exact.
“No!  No!  Send me to Hell, please!”  I cry.  “
The last entry was dated the day of her death. She and “Bunnykins” …
His body jerks at the authority in my voice.  In the decades I have known him I have only spoken to him in such a way twice.
“And I like handling you, just not like this, and not in public.  C’mon.”
an idiot…”
Holding it by its ends, Sherlock recalled the information on Mary’s memory stick, pondering the implications of the chosen weapon with dread.
Remembering that this was video, he rewound it, pausing to take a photo with his mobile as evidence should he in the future disbelieve his memory. He left the video paused as he tried to make sense of the admission John had made to himself, unable to reconcile the convictions on the page with the behavior of the man who had never expressed anything more intimate than the occasional “mate.”
Scanning the empty path before them as they drew farther and farther away from their camp, disappointment filled Sir John; he would not see Sherlock again. Ready to tell his men it was time to turn back, he spotted a figure up ahead, its steps faltering. Yes, was Sherlock. Sir John's heart stuttered. He thought how weak Sherlock must be to have taken so long to travel such a short distance. Picking up Jocelyn's pace until he reached him, Sir John measured her pace with Sherlock.
Soft lips suckled at John’s throat, and he tipped his head back.  He be not sure whether he be awake or asleep, but he wanted more.  He could never get enough. Enough of Sherlock.
’ face, more like a ‘the sun is so bright and beautiful but I won’t tear my eyes from it even if I go blind’ face.
“Okay, then.  Now that we have that sorted, let’s get back to
“Idiot.”
“Sherlock,” John breathed, more quietly this time, as he stood looking up at him.  His eyes roamed over the angular face, profoundly grateful that he had not done what he had so often thought to do.  Had he taken his own life how else would he be able to have this moment?
“I’ll be off then. Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” The tip of Mycroft’s umbrella tapped the linoleum in perfect sync with his footsteps as he walked away.
“Be that Mavis?”
did not do this to him.” Andi said when he had called her, dissatisfied with her text messages. “He’s lost part of himself, and he needs to come to terms with it. My bet is, he’s a smart boy, otherwise you wouldn’t have taken such a fancy to him. He’ll be on the right path soon enough, back to being himself.”
Standing there, John shakes his head, his eyes never leaving mine.  “No, no.  You go right ahead.”
“Stop.  Just
“Please do not go.  I am awake and I know it is you, not the chains.”
“Ahhh, yes, the stars be beautiful, but they be not of what I speak.  Thou, thou my love, be more comely than all the stars put together.”
We get home, and after hanging my jacket, I go into the kitchen to make tea.  Sinking into my chair, Sherlock is already sat across from me in his. Legs crossed and elbows on the chair arms, his hands steeple at his chin, something he so rarely does anymore.  His eyes pierce into me.
We are done eating and I am feeling tipsy.  I giggle.
“No!  Stand still, I think I have it.”  I pat at his back and try to pull up his shirt in my attempt to solve my case, but he keeps trying to squirm away from me.
having Sherlock’s brother stick his rather prominent nose where it didn’t belong, John did not yet feel his rising anger.
you?”
“No need,” Sherlock mumbled, his own breathing laboured, and his arm draped lazily over John’s legs.
“Okay, then.  This is about nothing else but you and me.  And if you have even one
Dropping her container to the floor, she patted her hand to her chest. “Oh, Dear!  Oh, my,” she flustered.  “I knew you wouldn’t be able to stay away.  I don’t know how many times I’ve told Sherlock that very thing.  ‘We haven’t seen the last of John Watson’, I’d say, but you know him, once he gets something in his head there’s no persuading him.”   She tsked in disapproval at Sherlock’s obstinance.
“What.”
Three and a half hours, a foul mood, and the beginnings of a headache later, John opened the door to the flat. The flat filled with a ridiculous number of red balloons, most with their strings weighted to the floor.
“What, honey?”  I can’t stop smiling as I set my mug down by my chair and settle in.  I’m tired; it’s been a long day.
“So what do you think?  Will you move in with me?”
“What the…” he started to say.  “No,
“John?”
Seeing that he’d already lost her, John sighed and zipped his overnight bag the rest of the way closed.  There wasn’t much he needed to take with him, the Army would supply most of his clothing and he wasn’t much for the ‘necessities’ other soldiers took with them like music and movies.   And he had no current boyfriend, so no photos were stuffed into the pockets.
“Me? Why me? If I miss, I would set the bomb off. And kill you.”
I think he is saying something because his lips are moving, but I cannot hear him.  All I can hear is the pounding of my heart as it sends the blood rushing to my head.  It sounds not unlike when I listened to John’s heartbeat this morning in his bed.
John tore his way through the great throng of bodies.  His shoulders, his elbows, his hands.  Pushing, pulling, butting.  He used whatever tactics needed to get as close as he could to the gallows.  To get as close as possible to Sherlock.
“Twas easy enough to find you; you left your purse behind.”
So as I hold little John, I am overcome by a tide of happiness.  In such a short time I have become a husband, a father, and now, a grandfather.  In my younger years never did I envision any of these roles for myself; without them what a poorer life I would have lived.
No. Nope.  Definitely not gay.  The words were true.  They had to be.
And so here were are.  Lying on a doublewide lounge in our private cabana, drinking mimosas, and every three minutes wiping our bodies of sweat.  (Nooo! Get your mind out of the gutter!  Not everything is about sex. Well,
“An an interesting thought, Gregory.  I know we need to examine all possibilities, but I would like to proceed one step at a time. How do you perceive the depth of difficulty in the hacking, Herman?  Putting aside motive for the moment, how much expertise would one need to air a single message on every monitor in Britain simultaneously? ”
“What do you mean you
him, but
‘Why?’ I wonder.  Why cannot I stop thinking about John’s back?  Why was it my lips
—routine that they’re unable to break with it long enough to take the step that will elevate their relationship to the next level. To the one that will make each of them happier than they would have thought possible.
“Thank you,” he said, all trace of menace gone. His words so nakedly heartfelt that they made her almost cry. She couldn’t remember the last time she had needed to see someone as badly as Sherlock needed to see John.
I crack open an eye as he comes back from the loo, a self-satisfied smile on his face and a gait more relaxed than when he went in.  I stretch and yawn as he rejoins me in bed.
He grabs my arm as I turn to walk away.  When I stare down at his hand, he releases it.
Groaning, John opened his eyes. “What’s wrong?”
Think about kissing his back.
A hint of doubt still furrowed Sherlock’s brow.
“Yes,
I am brought back to the present when Katie asks me what I’m thinking about.
“Don’t get involved,” Mycroft had told him.
Sherlock looked uncertainly from John’s text toward Andi, silently pleading for an out. Not because he didn’t want to see John, but because the truth had never come easy to him. And certainly not when talking about …
Christ.
“No.” Sherlock shrugged, looking entirely too comfortable where he sat.
I watch closely as, almost imperceptibly, John fidgets in his chair.  He has things to say that he is not used to saying.  Because we conjectured the conversation might veer in this direction he prepared a “statement”, but it is still difficult for him.
doing it, too! Damn, him!  (Again?!  I must cease this common manner of speech, immediately.  Before you know it I will be talking about beer and football.  I shudder in horror at the thought.)
He wanted to admonish himself, his reputation as a dignified Knight would be in danger were he to continue tittering like a maiden ogling a handsome young man, but he could not.  In love he was, and nothing could pop the bubbles of happiness floating around inside of him.
“As far as I am able to determine, I have never felt lust.  When I come across media or overhear conversations discussing this irresistible physical urge for another person, I have no clue what they are talking about.  I know when I think about touching you or kissing you, I have a sense of anticipation, a longing for you, but I cannot say it is lust.  This is most embarrassing to say to you, but I think it more possible for me to swoon than to…reach for your genitals.”
been skilled at it.  I want to think that, were I to marry again, I would choose someone less wily, but I cannot fool myself.  Even were I to marry again (And we know there will be no need), it would be impossible to love any other than my John.
"I am going to set up a new regimen of experiments."
Tussling with a pillow, John brought Sherlock back to the moment as he tried to situate himself in bed. And doing a bad job of it.
“Sherlock, he’s a, well..he calls himself a Consulting Detective.  He works with me at Scotland Yard on a freelance basis.  Right brilliant fellow, but he’s been a bit off his game lately so he uses cocaine once in a while to try to get the juices flowing again.  It’s never gotten in the way before, not until the last few months or so.”
I have no time to suffer fools.”  More to himself than Colin, Sherlock muttered, “I do not know how John has such patience, surrounding himself with dullards. Twould make the best of men mad.”
~~**~~
“Shush. Twas never any doubt, not in my heart.”
Sherlock - the man whom he killed someone for, the man whom he went to prison in behalf of - not Mary, was the best thing that had ever happened to him.  Even then he had known it deep down inside; he just hadn’t been able to admit it to himself.
I have broken Year 4 into two parts, there was far too much content to fit it into one.  My little brain started to hurt!
Sherlock brings home a 'guest', much to John's dismay.  He did it with the best of intentions, but thank god he has a man who understands him and loves him so very, very much.
“Sherlock of Leith, having been found guilty of the crime of sodomy, you are hereby sentenced to be hanged until death.  Sentence to be carried out immediately.”
“Can words be too many or wrong when they are the truth?”  Sherlock riddled.
“Thou, me…”
“You’d thought I was dead, and when you found out that I had deceived you, you were angrier than I’d ever seen you.”
I feel the vibration as he says it, hear the low rumble deep inside his chest.
did you knock my mug away?  Did you forget to wash out the poison you were holding in it?”  On his way to the kitchen to get a towel, he says this half-jokingly, knowing all too well it is something I am quite capable of.
The Judge looks down at a page He pulls out.  “At the age of 35 you faked your own suicide and, at great inconvenience to yourself, remained far from home, away from all whom you cared about for two years to ensure their safety, saving their lives.”  Looking back up, He smiles at me.  “As an aside, I’m sure you’ll be pleased to know Mr. Moriarty has his own room downstairs.  It causes me no lack of sleep to know his thermostat is broken at its highest setting.”
, the stars.”
“Do you have a plan?” Andi asked as they reached the road, tipping her toes over the curb and watching the vehicles creep past them.
~~**~~
He stops, resting his head against me.  I feel his warm breath on me, coming in staccato puffs.  Puffs on the tip of my penis.  The hand that had been on my back is now smoothing my buttocks, caressing them, squeezing my roundness, the sensation all at once soothing and arousing.  I thrust my hips involuntarily, hitting John’s mouth.  Both he and my glans are warm, moist, firm.
curious…
I do not move.
John!
“And why is that?” John asks, giving attention to said body part, coaxing it to life.
“I was saying, ‘you are right’…”
“Uh, Sherlock?”
“Come now, love,” John says, tugging gently at my arm, urging me to turn back around.  “It isn’t like I couldn’t have helped but learn a thing or two, spending all these years with you.  If I say so myself, I was pretty convincing, wasn’t I?”  His smile brightens the sunny room.
Inhaling deeply, Sherlock deliberated. Studied John’s eyes for guile. And then rolled his eyes at himself.
"Nothing."
His mouth poised over his mug for another sip, John thought. “Sausage, Herbert—whoever that is—Angelo’s. Nothing that made any sense to me. You?”
“Oh.”
“No, the third, I think, Sir.” Aldus grimaced.  “Do not worry, I will be well soon enough; fit as rain I will be by the time you return.  Now go, you have more important things about which to worry.  I will see after the horses.”
“A brother?”  Colin finally spoke, his voice filled not with the condemnation she feared, but with wonder.
It was now John’s turn to wonder if he’d done the wrong thing, if he was foolish in allowing himself to hope that Sherlock would say ‘yes’.   But there was nothing more he would like than to get to know this man that held an inexplicable fascination for him.
Stopping mid-chew, Sherlock looked quizzically at John, over at his mother, and back again at John.  Swallowing the food in his mouth he answered, “All of us are.  But if you’re concerned about aberrations I suppose Dad is the one you would be talking about; he is the only one who seems resigned to an ordinary life.”
Glowering back, I sit up beside him and cross my arms.  Creating a wide berth of space between us.  Let us see how he likes
she tell him? “You were saying?”
John looks back at his toast, finishes spreading the butter and adds some jam.  So what I said was true; that is why he is having trouble looking at me.
But no one is watching the telly.  On the sofa lie Sherlock and our grandson, the baby nestled in his arms as they lean against the sofa back, both fast asleep.  They are most likely warm enough, but both are too precious to me to take any risks.  Getting blankets out of the closet, I add to the ones already draped over Sherlock and John John.  I give both a kiss as I bend down, lightly brushing my hand over Sherlock’s hair, and I chuckle to myself as I think how Greg used to like taking pictures of Sherlock at his most vulnerable.  I’m tempted to take a picture of Sherlock holding the baby and send it to him, but when I get my mobile out and snap a shot, I know it is just for us.   This is
“I…if you don’t mind, I would like to gather more data. Would that be…permissible?”
Reaching the payment page, “Do you mind if I…” he asks, tilting his head to me in question.  His eyes do not meet mine.
“I promise to stay awake for a while and if you stop breathing I’ll resuscitate you.  But I think you will be fine, Sherlock.  Think about it.”
John.
ingredients, she might like a more traditional approach to cooking chicken.
Twas time to leave Sherlock.
Smart girl.  Doesn’t try to push him.  Looking at her long text, I can just imagine how her thumbs must have been a blur.  She’s not unlike Sherlock in that respect.
“What do you want, John?”  I could not bear to look at him, as it was my self-control was a taut thread about to snap.
Colin’s gaze moved to somewhere behind Sherlock’s shoulder, pensiveness filling his face before he looked at Sherlock again.
Nika searched his face. Did he mean an object (the chip?) or medically (that Dr. Watson had a brain injury?). She turned to the door, praying for intervention.
“So tell me Sherlock, how does getting yourself off help you?  Help your health? ”
John pauses for one more deep breath.  “I wasn’t trying to make fun of you; I think I was just so relieved to know you don’t have a lover.  I had no idea I could get that jealous.”   His brow furrows as he ponders this new discovery.
“Where’s John? He’s following soon, is he?”
~~**~~
I find him in the kitchen just as he said he was.  Alone.  No Russian mob, no butcher.  No Mycroft.  Stooped over, looking at the floor.  I heave a sigh of relief; he is not in harm’s way.
“Are you coming with us, Sir?” Cedric asked John as the trio of squires headed for door, rolling his eyes as his friends persisted in their childish play, punching and slapping at each other.
It isn’t but a few moments until Sherlock follows me in, shutting the door and sitting beside me, folding his hands in his lap.  Out of the corner of my eye I see they look tense, as if he is working hard to keep them from moving.
Hearing the despair in Sherlock’s voice, Mycroft turned his head to look at him.  “ Ahhh, I see, you think Dr. Watson has perished.  He’s not dead, Sherlock.  He…he has left London,” knowing as he said it that would be minor consolation.  Dead or gone, they bore little difference in this case.
I stare at him uncomprehendingly.  What did he say?
“Thank you, John.”  To Sherlock’s great embarrassment, his voice broke.
Rolling onto his back he throws his arm above his head.  “It’s complicated, Sherlock.”
now.  Maybe they’ll even pay me for such a juicy scoop! ‘Former Consulting Detective and his Blogger, Together at Last!  Wink.  Wink.’”
John heard Colin’s hesitance, but could find no way to ease him into the truth.
“Just the other day I could not remember my passcode for a website; I was drawing a blank.  It has happened a couple of times in the last several months, something ridiculously simple escapes me and I do not think of it until hours later.  I do
John considered his options - go along with Sherlock’s half-arsed idea or spend who knew how many hours trying to convince the stubborn git to go to his brother’s.  He made up his mind.  He would rather give up a little modesty than see them freeze to death while they figured out what to do.  After all, what could laying on the same mattress hurt?  To make things clear, his finger pointing at the detective emphatically, “NO snuggling.  Got it?”
to be as smart as me.”
He stirs.  My beloved is awakening.  (See how I threw ‘beloved’ in there? I bet you did not notice, as it was so cleverly placed.)
die than to have died myself.”
, you sodding twat.”
Pressing her cheek against me, “I’m so glad you’re here, Uncle Sherlock; Daddy misses you so much.”
“What?”  Sherlock’s forehead wrinkled at the unexpected request.
“You be free to do as you like, but I think the wise choice be to stay with us.”  John threw his covers off and escaped out the door.  He needed air.
John awoke to a hand clasped over his mouth.
John looked away to shield Sherlock from reading his face.
“I will be fine, John.  Are you sure you do not want to put something warmer on?  I do not want you to catch pneumonia.”  As much as I like the thought of sharing my coat with him, it can make it difficult to walk, bundling up together.
Sherlock’s eyes met John’s with a fiery intensity, their flash of sea blue a disconcerting contrast against the harsh, grey day.  “I never thought he would harm thee.”  The voice that began strong and determined, faded away with the admission, and he once again stared off into the distance.
“I don’t know John, maybe you were snogging the junior detective in the coat closet.” Sherlock said acerbically; he was getting impatient.  Did it really have to be so difficult?  It’s not like John had anything better to do on New Year’s Eve.  He didn’t currently have a girlfriend and one would think John would be happy to spend some time with an attractive woman.
“Ahhh, up so early?”  Mycroft is sat at the kitchen table, cup of tea in hand as he scans the Parliament website on the laptop in front of him.  Even though he has long been a pensioner, he likes to keep up with the Hansards.
His eyes never leaving John, Sherlock withdrew the hand still reaching out to touch him and backed into the chair sitting at the wall. Resting his elbows on his knees, he pursed his lips against his upraised fingers.
I glare at John.  “I knew somehow I would be to blame.  As I recall, I was not the one to initiate the kiss,
I think about it.  How embarrassing can it be? I ask myself.  It was years ago and it has no relevance to my life now.  I decide to tell him.  We’ll have a good laugh and go back to reading.  I lick my lips; they’re dry.
“Yours and Sherlock’s flat.”
so much?  Telling me how glad you be to finally have a brother.  You be as cowardly and traitorous as that woman sitting beside you.   If this be what you call a family, I want no part of it.”
To placate his agitated friend he added, “But yes, I’ll go talk to him; it wouldn’t hurt any to have corroboration.”  Pulling his notebook and pen out of the pocket of his over coat, he walked over to the man on the bench.
Walking over and retrieving his violin from its case, the bow that rested against the wall, he took his familiar place in front of the window.  As he gazed out of it sightlessly, he oddly had trouble concentrating on the new composition he had been working on, his mind wandering to the conversation below.
"... lets a mere servant lie on his bed. Did you see the way he looked at him when he came out of the river? His eyes could not have been so big had a succulent roast sat before him." Aldus’ words dripped with contempt.
In the calmest voice he could muster, “What the
“The dog is puzzle number three.” Sherlock paced, maintaining eye contact to the extent the dog would. “The first puzzle, disparate objects that created a puppet. The second, a preassembled puppet that required a name. There’s no natural progression from those to this; what do a puppet and the name Chip have to do with a flesh and blood dog?”
a horrible dancer.”  Sherlock glared at John.
“Well, then, I guess that will mean you’ve decided it’s too much trouble to be in a relationship with me.”
John turned to the window, staring through it, the deflection of the smooth surface accentuating the flatness in his voice.
Rest in peace, Una. We will miss you.
“My armour?  Why?”  The change of subject caught John off guard, and his head snapped toward Sherlock.
He could feel the jealousy grow in him, a most unpleasant sensation.
With a smile, John tipped his head back to meet eyes that seared into him.
Time to lay to rest the memory of John Watson.
Sherlock sought John out and, giving a tight nod, walked toward him.  John, too, started walking, heading in the direction of the inn.  Sherlock would take little time catching up with him.
"Christ. Finally." Lestrade answered before the mobile on the other end rang.
“Sherlock, love?”  His voice is so sweet, so gentle, without a hint of what is to come.
But he is not done giving.
“This one does, Sir. I tried to shoo him away, but he wouldn’t go.”
“Hmmm, you do have a point.”
“Uhm, what John?  ‘Uhm’ is not a word, nor the name of anyone I know.
Sigh.
, my dear, dear boy.”
“I, uhm,” I clear my throat.  Best to get everything out.  “I have kissed your back twice.”
A smile tipped up the ends of John’s mouth.  “Yes, my love, thou be perfect, absolutely perfect,” he said before slumber reclaimed him.
What Katie doesn’t remember is that when she was four years old there was brief period of time she called Sherlock ‘Papa’, just a few days, really. It was after she witnessed an innocent gesture on my part and misinterpreted it to mean Sherlock and I were a couple.
One hour, sixteen minutes and 48 seconds…
feelings were it not for him.
“What’re you doing?” John asked, disconcerted.
“Dr. Hussein’s office.” The lie falls out of my mouth smoothly.  “They had a difficultly squeezing me in, but they made an appointment for me at 11 tomorrow morning.”
Out with it Sherlock.  You have been in situations more dire many a time!
He turned his computer off and went to bed, sleepless for hours as he lay on the regulation mattress.
With one eye squeezed shut and the other squinting, John still manages to execute a near perfect ‘What the
Sherlock liked to put on the façade that he didn’t need John’s assistance, but the doctor knew well that it was the rare occasion Sherlock pursued any case without his blogger and John wasn’t naïve enough to think that it was because Sherlock was in need of his narrative abilities.  Sherlock relied on him to help him keep focused, a focus that aided him in solving cases to a degree of speed and accuracy that would not otherwise be.  He relied on him to have his gun safely tucked into his waist band, armed and ready. Yes, there was a dependence on John that Sherlock would never admit to.  Not verbally, anyway.
“Who am I?” Sherlock demanded.
“Which means I’ve been gone less than a half hour.  Sherlock, you can’t even function for a half-hour whilst I’m gone.  I know you don’t like it, but this is what happens when someone falls in love.  And like it or not, you aren’t going to get over it by sending me away.  Trust me, it will only make it
I study Sherlock, the way the whole of him has somehow become
The seventh step creaked, and then a pause.  He really needed to ask Mrs. Hudson to have the handyman fix that step.
(It seems I need a little more practice in the face-controlling arena.)
I crawl back up to where I was and put my arm back over John, holding him more snugly now than I did earlier.
The bullet came from seemingly nowhere, ripping through his brain, allowing his blood to flow out freely.  He died before the medic even realized he’d fallen.
The sternness I hear in his voice overrides the words that accompany it.  He is angry again; he has told me to never dare do it again.
), reedy, but not gaunt.  But twas a different air about him.  Somehow Sherlock be less…harsh.  Twas no glower about his eyes and brow, no staunchness in his carriage.   Talking to the other man, Sherlock looked, and acted, well, human.
Whoever it was, John is so shaken he cannot look at me.  Gripping his shoulders, I ask him again whom it was.  I need to get to the bottom of this; no one rattles my John and gets away with it.
Hanging up my coat and scarf, I head into the kitchen to tidy it.  Wanting to be near anything that reminds of John.  A sardonic chuckle erupts from me…as if there is anything that would not.
Pulling the bow off and ripping the paper away, he exposes a small cigar box.  He throws his head back and laughs.
“I do not think it, I know it.  Tis why I need to go to London.  There I will find answers, discover my true heritage.  Surely someone in such a large city would have information.”
John looks shocked.   I am not so unaware as to not know it is because I offered an apology, an event more rare than a Welsh Red Kite sighting, and said ‘please’.
“Let me see the name.”  Molly retrieved a clipboard from the end of the gurney.   “The body hasn’t been identified; the record just says ‘John Doe’.”  Flipping the sheets of paper on the chart, “Three hours ago he arrived at Royal London Hospital, DOA.  They transported him here for me to perform the autopsy.
“Ain’t for me to say; I don’t know how your kind works. Should know, though. Seen enougha you drunkards.” The cabbie crossed massive arms into a bouncer’s stance. “All I know is I ain’t goin’ nowhere ’til I get paid.”
The girl looks to where I point, peering at the man on the ground.  Her eyes widen and she lets out a piercing scream, bringing a push of people in to see what is going on.
She would have looked out of place in the small village no more than a few kilometers outside of London proper, but the driver, who had brought them in a car chosen specifically for its ability to blend in with the sensibilities of the locals, had parked in the back of the house.  Even in her jeans, Wellington boots, and pea coat, anyone seeing her would have known she was a city dweller; no one else in the village shared the luxuries of finely manicured nails, skin moisturized by top of the line cosmetics, and expensively, yet naturally styled hair.
The fresh-scrubbed officer at the wheel who looked barely old enough to put on his own knickers, let alone wear a uniform, told John what he knew of the situation. Nothing.
John took the folds of the blanket and pulled them more tightly around Sherlock.
“I told you I would defeat you!  Idiots!  Run before I catch up with you.  I will rip your fingernails out one by one and watch your fingers rot until you die a painful death. Ha!”  Waiting until his captors were well onto the riverbank, the Naked One trudged through the water, each step through the increasingly shallow water revealing more flesh.
“Take this, you will need it.”  And reaching for his knife, he removed it and its sheath, holding them out beside the purse.
Sipping his coffee, Simon checked his watch again; the courier ran five minutes late. So far. The wait would be well worth it, though; any minute now, he would have it back.
“I am
“It is gone, John.  It will not bother you anymore.”  I cannot feel more dejected.  It is almost unknown for me to fail and I do not like it one bit.  Especially when it is mystery I so desperately need to solve.  My very life depends on it.
Sherlock slowly huffed a warm breath of air into John’s face, his pleasure too great to contain in his body.  “Yes, that one,” he agreed, not quite sure what he was agreeing to, but whatever John said was just fine.  Just fine.
~~**~~
With some effort the prison guard attempted to round up the last of the stragglers, moving them inside from the yard as the rain began to soak them through.  Why they would want to stay outside in such hateful weather, he hadn’t a clue, but the thought processes of criminals, from petty thieves to murders, had ceased to amaze or interest him longer ago than he could remember.
“Twas not what I be thinking.”
Sherlock leaned down and whispered in John’s ear.  “We will talk later.”
“Yes.”  A smile spreads across my face and in an instant we are in each other’s arms.
“I’m certain of it. I just have to figure out how.”
Not long after we got married, one of Sherlock’s epic pouts, three days’ worth to be exact, nearly broke us.  It took him much longer to forgive himself than it took for me to forgive him, and soon after he came up with the idea that when he needs time alone, he will tell me for how long; it’s never more than a few hours.  He hasn’t needed to do it often, but when he does, he always adds that he loves me; he doesn’t want me to worry he that he doesn’t. The whole thing works beautifully, giving us both time to calm down and bring us back to our senses.
In case you are wondering, yes, I grew up in a normal family, one who celebrated Christmas.  Well, I say normal… as normal as one would describe a family comprised of myself, an older brother who imagined himself a British spy (“Mycroft!  No you may
John knew what his leaving London had looked like.  It had looked as if he were a heartless bastard who ran out on his best friend when he was critically injured.  And on the face of it, that would have been correct.  But there was so, so much more to it than that.
The noise in the pub was chaotic; she could barely think. But after several moments, letting her eyes surf the sea of brown, grey, and blonde heads, she found the one that was hers. Not that there was anything particularly distinctive about his hair or his head, but Oleg was one of the few people in the bar who sat alone, hunched over his drink like a child in a large family who protects their food from the other children.
But this time twas different. This time a thrill ran through his body. This time he had wanted to know how hands and a mouth,
“Be he not with you?”  Colin answered from where he sat at a small table, a pair of pincers poised in his hands.
Twas for good reason John liked Laila.  Not only had she birthed the man who brought him such happiness, but she always saw the best in people despite the difficulties she had had to overcome.  She be a rare woman.
will not permit it?  Thou who goes off half-cocked-”
Sherlock caught John’s hand, coupling his own to the back of it and curling it into a fist, the thought fleeting through his brain just how warm and
“I…I thought you wanted to talk about …” Sherlock drew a blank, foraging for a word different to the one that had initially leapt to mind; he needed to deflect from what he had started to say. But only one word sat in his brain, and it fell out of him. “…us.”
John has become almost impossible to hear, as if he is talking to himself.   I could kick myself.  I did not mean to make him sad on one of the happiest days of his life.
His face moved again only when he removed his mobile from his pocket and, holding it up, asked, “Would it be possible for me to…?”
“Is it true then what Mycroft said?” He asked as kindly as he could, willing Sherlock to, for once, share a bit of what he hid behind his carefully constructed armor.  To let John in.
“Do you really think that’s a good idea, honey?  I saw you drunk once and it wasn’t a pretty sight.  You got into a fight, fell asleep on the flat’s stairs.  Fell to your knees with your arse perched up in the air…”  John stops and sniggers.  “Well, maybe
Glancing away, John bit back the harsher thoughts that accompanied the surge of helplessness throttling him. He hadn’t meant to unleash his frustration on Sherlock, but it was all getting to be a bit too much.
“If you have questions about Sherlock, it be best to ask him or Sir John.  Tis not my place to speak of their private matters behind their backs. I be loyal to Sir John and to those who serve him, and that includes Sherlock.”
He doesn’t look at me, but from the way he breaths my name, “
Striding up to the bench, with but one lift of The Judge’s eyebrow I give pause and take a step back.  It will not do to make Him angry.  From a metre away I continue pointing at the print in front of Him.   “If you will once again refer to my records, you will see I am arrogant, selfish, belittling of others at any opportunity-”
“Not even…”
Mother?”
“But I have to,” hiccup, “I have to tell thee-” John’s head fell to the table with a thud.
“Sherlock!  You made a joke!”
There was no logic to his physical reaction. He had no reason to believe that John would not mend. Yes, his impatience had prevented him from getting a complete report on John’s status, but certainly, Rudnikov would have led with life‑threatening injuries rather than reassurance. Wouldn’t she?
Connecting the hardware to his laptop and putting his earbuds in, Sherlock started watching. At first, the screen was black, but soon he saw a desk appear; it was a sideways view, as if John were lying on a bed.
With the mystery of Stamford’s secret simmering in the back of his mind, Sherlock joined him at the cottage. Rubbing a circle of grime from a window pane, Stamford said, “Here. You can see Mycroft.”
The speed with which Sherlock’s attention shifted from the missing nurse startled, the blue in his pupils seeming to intensify as his gaze all but seared into John. “What did she tell you?”
He looks down at the bulge in his crotch and back at me, cocking an eyebrow.  “What do
Lord, she needed rest.
Turning to look up at Sherlock, John asked, “I, uhm, if it be all right with you?”
Sherlock’s chest felt hollow, as if the air in his lungs went to live somewhere else.   He couldn’t bear to see the sudden look of defeat on the face he cared so much about.  John did not deserve to be in this position.  Yes, he chose Mary, but without all the facts.  If Sherlock had been there when the two met, before they fell in love, he could have prevented the profound hurt John now experienced.  Experienced because he suddenly recognized the full truth of his wife’s duplicity.
“Yes, hello. Erm. I’m Dr. John Watson, and I’m calling to—”
I vote for renaming Beta to Taskmaster.  Besides notes to correct punctuation (how did I get so lucky as to have a former English teacher as a beta?!), my beta makes the occasional comment that she wants a section clarified.  Usually it is when I have been lazy and decided it was 'good enough', because I couldn't come up with the words for what I wanted to say.  Fortunately for me, 'good enough' is not good enough for Burning_Up_A_Sun, and because of that I find the missing words. I believe my work is stronger for it.  Thank you, hon.
John told himself sternly.
That’s my first coherent thought as I wake up.  I shake my head and a smile fills my face; it’s about to stretch right off it, if I’m honest.  It’s beyond my ability to express the sense of anticipation I feel.  It’s like it’s the day Katie was born, the day I met Sherlock, and the day I graduated medical school, all rolled into one.  Oh, let’s top it off with the first time I kissed Sherlock, the first time we made love (Christ, what a lovely mess
“What is it, John.  What are
"Sherlock! What
“And what was that?”  John has finally exhaled and is speaking normally.  I shall have to touch him again when he is not watching to see if there is a correlation between my touch and the previous reaction.  I will try not to distract myself with the thought.
"Carefully," Sir John cautioned his men as they lowered Sherlock's unconscious body from the horse. "Support his head." Sherlock would be in pain enough when he awoke; he did not want to add to his misery.
.  If you’ve ever been on dates you kept it well hidden from me.”
Sipping at his lager, Sherlock inserted an earbud. Across the room sat Andi, raptly attentive to her mobile. While the Ram’s Head would not have been her first choice, she had been excited to get out of the house. Even if only to work.
Sherlock’s teeth chattered.  “Get the covers from your room and the couple left in mine.  If we don’t fit the wood too tightly in the fireplace, the fire will breathe better, making it burn longer.  If we run out we can use the desk, but…”
There, he said it.
----------------------------------------
"Tis not right we speak of him this way,” Cedric said, so quiet Sir John had trouble making out the words. “Even if he does not hear us, he is our-"
“Bugger!
I want more than to get John back to you. Do you understand?” Why was she trying this hard to talk him into going inside of his own volition? She hadn’t thought it would be this difficult, but she knew they would have a better chance of rescuing John quickly if Sherlock didn’t see them as the enemy. “I know you’re not at your best right now, and you’re going to need help, so, trust me. Do you trust me?”
"Yes. Yes, obstinate you are, like an ass unwilling to do something for his benefit. Cedric, aid me in setting him with Aldus on his horse."
“The servant, too?”  Cedric flopped onto his side, turning his back on the room.
I cringe.
John couldn’t help it, he went over to Sherlock for a second time in two days and crouched over him, trying to somehow divine if these declarations were manifestations of a dream or maybe they were words he had said to someone in his waking moments.  Or wanted to.
It was the beginning of our first marital fight, John’s suggestion that the vouchers Mycroft bought us as a wedding present, the ones which would take us
Sherlock.”
But now, here they were, coming to make his life whole.
“Who is it?”
“Yes. Yes, that’s it. Go on.”
John is so very patient.
“No,” Sherlock said.  “I want to go back to the inn.  I need to be as far away from…that, as I be able.  Where be Colin? I did not see him.  Nor Aldus, not that he has reason to have concern for me.”
John asked Sherlock.
She did not bother looking at John; twas almost a nightly occurrence, men, and woman, too drunk to find their way home.  At least, this one had money for a room.  Usually, she found them outside in the morning, propped against the wall.  Steeped not only in the last dregs of their ale from the night before but in their own urine.
“Keep your voice down,” Mycroft hissed. “The whole of London needn’t know.”
At first Sherlock isn’t sure about this; he’s reluctant to interrupt his “bonding” time, but he is already dressed and we need to leave soon.
“Last week?” They’d been in Manchester last week, hunting a two‑fingered man who had been systematically killing women named Doris. The first being his mother.
find the answer to.  Had he said or done something to drive John away?  Had something…happened to John?
“Who do you think you be, threatening me?  My private life be no concern of yours.  Get out of here
“As a matter of fact, I did.”
Unlike the first time John saw Sherlock’s naked body, this time he allowed himself to dwell on every curve, every plain, every expanse of firm flesh as they be revealed.  And when he thought he could no longer withstand the torment, when he be ready to leave the bed to claim what be his, Sherlock came to him, lying so close that John could see the flecks of green and blue and silver – and every other colour in the ocean - in his eyes.
“And Rose!” Simon was aware he sounded semi-hysterical, and he swallowed.
Harry ignored the implied affection.  She loved John in her own way, but she had little room for sentiment when all she wanted to do was get back downstairs to see Clara; they were still newlyweds.
But I’ve kept him alive, too, and he’s been in far more scrapes than a five month old could ever think to get into, so John John is staying with us.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s eyes softened.
not Sherlock Holmes, would get between her and her husband.
“Exactly.”
“Perhaps it was a warning for the British unit to stay away; when they retreat they’ll release John.  Maybe he’ll be injured, but able to come home.”  Any other possibility was incomprehensible to Sherlock.
And he finally looks up, his eyes searching mine, softly pleading for me to say ‘yes’.  My stomach goes flippity flip; this time not from happiness, but from the pain I see.  The dark depths that say whatever he needs to tend to, it must be alone.
“He thinks you be Eduard.”
He watched as the taillights of the Land Rover pulled away in search of a parking spot.  Pacing in front of the entrance, he played nervously with the mobile in his pocket, contemplating how he would tell Mary he could not remain married to her.  That divorced or not she could not continue with her double life; it would put their child in danger.
“Sherlock, wake up.  You’re having a nightmare.”
“Of course, he be.”  Glancing around and seeing that whilst Aldus appeared not to be paying attention to their conversation, Colin moved closer to John, lowering his voice.  “He cares about you; he has been lost without you.”
“Uh, MI-5, Sir.”
John laughs, awakening the butterfly in my stomach, causing it to flutter.  Flippity Flip.  “We did, didn’t?  Kept adding to them, too.”
“Neither?  What else could be of use to me?  I have everything I need.”
“What are you doing, John?”  I had asked him minutes before we went to bed, watching as he set a glass of milk and mince pie onto a small table he had pulled close to the Christmas tree.  Why would he take an evening snack beside the tree? I had wondered.
I am in the shower and John sits on the lidded toilet, reading the newspaper.  Two days with no kissing, no hugging, no hand holding.  No snuggling.  And now here he is in the loo with me.   This has to stop!
Nika couldn’t help but notice that as he searched for what to say, Mycroft’s hands gripped the handle of his umbrella hard enough that his nailbeds turned red.
“Me, impatient?  Do I get impatient, John?”
“Why, pray tell?”
Drawing in several deep breaths and letting them out slowly, the nausea passed, his pulse slowed. But the unease had taken root in his stomach, its hold on him tight.
help, you know, or is Your Highness afraid he will get blisters from doing manual labor?) and goes back outside to the boot of the car and brings in a strange contraption.  It has switches and lights (unilluminated) and an electrical cord.  Attached to it is a plastic bag.  What is in the bag?
“Mmmm hmmm.  Kiss me.”
“Mary is in London?  She was to have gone to Brighton, but we now know she didn’t make it.  What was she doing with Shikov?”
“Tell him, please, that he be the person I have most treasured, and that—that he always will be.” His voice cracking, John avoided Colin’s eyes.  For the last day, he had heard the pity in Colin’s voice, he did not need to see it, too.  But Colin be Sherlock’s brother; he, too, would be sorrowful at his loss.   When John lifted his face, the kindness he saw nearly broke him.
“I don’t think he stole the chips, John. I believe he’s one of the original subjects of the experiment.”
Feeling Sherlock’s scarf brush softly against his face, John remembered Sherlock was still bound.  This would not do.  Not for his man.  Reluctantly he pulled away and took the scarf from around Sherlock’s eyes.  And when he did, instead of derision and annoyance, he saw only acceptance and longing in those clear blue eyes.
Sherlock lets go of the pillow and turns to me, squinting as the light hits his eyes.  Dear Christ, I think as our eyes meet, how is it I can be lying right beside him, but yet I’ve missed him because it feels like it’s been days since I’ve seen him?
Or maybe my husband is up tending the baby.  “Is John John alright?” I ask, my voice husky with sleep.
Thrump..
Clasping her hands together and resting her chin atop them, Laila recited the Lord’s Prayer.  And when she was done, she gave herself permission to pour out her heart out to Him.
Mary… a
“You might want to get dressed; the food is about ready.” John sipped from his mug. “You were mumbling something about sausages in your sleep, so I thought that might fit the bill.”
“One.  Just one,” Cedric said, this time more decisively.
But instead of taking the bait, Mycroft merely cocked an eyebrow, nodding to Agent Hawthorne. “Handcuff him; I don’t want him hurting himself. And let’s get him inside where there aren’t so many prying eyes.”
“But, John, I cannot properly cleanse myself with you in here.   Your presence is prohibitive.”
“There’s a Mr. Holmes out in the hallway.” Andi smiled apologetically. “He says it’s urgent.”
Wearily, Greg ran his hand through his hair.  “I saw him at about 2 this afternoon and he was, well, not fine, but he was up and about.  I told him I would check on him again tomorrow.”  Recalling what time it was, he amended, “Uh, I mean, today.  But it kept bugging me.  I’ve seen him bad before, but nothing like that. I couldn’t sleep thinking about it, so I called him and when he wouldn’t answer his mobile I went over to his flat.  He didn’t answer the door so I got one of his neighbors to help me break down the door and….”  He felt at a loss; he never thought Sherlock would wind up overdosing.  “He was like this,” splaying out his hand toward Sherlock even though the doctor’s back was to him.  “I called the medics, and…he hasn’t woken up.”  His eyes darkened with the fear he felt. “Christ.  Will he be alright?  I mean…Jesus, he can’t die.”
“I saw him die right in front of me, John; you can’t fake a gunshot to the head.  I was so careful to eliminate every last person associated with him.   Two years.  Two years of my life wasted, for nothing.”  Leaving unsaid, ‘Two years I would have had you by my side.’
“Mmmmm?”
“It’s not your fault, Sherlock.  I chose Mary.  If I hadn’t, none of this would have happened.”
The closer Sherlock and the other man came, the faster Colin’s heart beat, the moisture forming on his brow not from rain but from sweat.  He squeezed his hands together, hard, to keep them from shaking.
I hear him call Katie.
Looking at her monitors, she saw Sherlock snap closed his laptop and leave the bedroom. Moments later, he appeared on another screen, in this one, fetching his coat and swinging it on. With Rose by his side and a long glance at John, he left the house. Grabbing a hoodie, Andi typed out a quick message before racing after Sherlock.
“And?”  He ignores my second question.
“Nothing, tis nothing.”  John swallowed again, sorrow holding back the words he needed to say.
don’t make people bloody tea.
“Moriarty is dead.”
Enraptured by the features before him, John floated on a cloud.  Love he had known before.  Love for his family and the son who did not live a day.  His wife, now gone, and his squires, yes. in a fashion he loved them, too, for they held great importance in his life.  They were people about which he cared.  But this,
“Jo-o-ohn!”  He will take care of me; he always does.  But I cannot see him. Somewhere amidst the chaos, amidst the honking horns, music pounding from across the street, and approaching sirens, I think I hear my name, “Sherlock!”
Sherlock snatched his mobile from where he’d set it, angling the lens so John could see the odd picture on the wall.
Not until his eyes rested on the roof of the building opposite them, the one he and John had scaled.
Sherlock pulled the blanket up over John’s arms and chest, touched his hand ever so lightly to John’s face, thinking how different these simple acts would have been in other circumstances.  A heavy sigh left him and he mouthed,
Cedric smiled.  “As you say, Sherlock.  Aldus, look after Sir John and I will finish the food.”
“Of course, he did. Everything is of ‘utmost urgency.’” Sherlock closed his eyes. Leaving John, even for a few minutes, was unthinkable. But if there was one thing he knew about his brother, Mycroft did not let anything, or anyone, deter him from what he wanted.
“Looks like Rafe Spall or that guy on the American version of The Office.” John said.
Everything around him melting away, John’s  breathing became ragged as he stopped short of pulling the sheet off the body.  Mary…the baby.
Between the poor reception in the hospital basement and the spotty reception Mary said her destination would have, it took several moments for the call to connect.  He nodded at the attendant as he walked by.  Finally hearing a ring on the other end, then a second, it dawned on him he heard a familiar sound nearby.  His heart stopped… Mary’s ringtone.  A ringtone unlike anyone’s but his own, for it was the waltz Sherlock wrote for their wedding.
John saw all of this.  And the desire flaming in the depths of Sherlock’s eyes.
“How very excited you must be, John.  Congratulations!”  Mycroft beams as if the impending arrival is his own progeny.
Sherlock couldn’t imagine why, with Mycroft’s connections, it took him three days to return with information.  Three days that he paced the flat and talked to the skull and walked the streets of London deep in the night.  Three days that he ignored Lestrade’s phone calls and didn’t once call anyone an ‘idiot’.
“I still do not know, Cedric; I think you be wrong.  I think Sherlock loves Sir John.”  Aldus yawned.  “I hope we do not ride too long today, I think I will be able to sleep well tonight.”
“Be something wrong?”
Sherlock?  In Edinburgh?  You used to be a much better liar.  And besides, I watch the news, you know.”
twas a means to ensure Gareth knows we have left town.  You know how people love to gossip.”  Trying again to put space between himself and John, he slowed his horse, letting John ride ahead of him.
Giving the sword to Sherlock, Aldus judged Sherlock’s stance with a keen eye.  “Your feet, they need to be shoulder width apart. Yes, that be good.  And keep your elbows in.”  When Sherlock’s elbows did not move, Aldus pushed them to his body, holding them to keep them from springing back out.  “There, that be good.  Now bring your-”
He paced the floor of 221b, unable to sit still.
I wave my hand at him, shooing him toward the loo andshuffling the papers as if finding my lost spot, excitement surging through me as I mentally poise for a quick exit.
Aldus frowned. “What do you mean?”
“No, John, there was no poison in your mug.  I would never pour a lethal substance in a container you drink out of; that is what I use bowls for.”
help.  And certainly not Mycroft’s.
Even though some would say that in this moment I am not in my right mind and should not be making declarations I may regret when I am able once again to think clearly, I know they would be wrong, for this comes from my heart, not from my mind.
His breath is now deep and even; I have put him to sleep.
“Owww!”
“Besides,” John said softly, “you need to be near the hospital in case the baby decides to make an early arrival.”  He put his hand on her belly, feeling for movement; he’d not yet been there at the right time to feel the miracle of the baby moving.  Mary placed her hand over his and kissed him one more time.
“Spencer, give me a hand with the passenger.”
again!  I laugh to myself as I watch her move to another table.
With renewed determination, Sherlock bounded from the bench, his steps brisk as he returned to the house. He needed to devour as much of the chip’s video as soon as he could; if the person in the restaurant was, as Sherlock suspected, watching John, that person was bound to be in more of John’s memories.
afternoon, he would meet his brother.
Leaving me all by myself.
I am mollified.  Brilliance should be suitably recognised.
Didn’t remember going mad in the middle of traffic. Didn’t remember going to hospital (or leaving, for that matter). Didn’t even remember how he came to have a cab; the gaffer told’m his cabbie’s license was suspended until further notice.
“No, but it was implied. The point I make is that it is the same for me with you.  There is nothing,
When John failed to reach for the mazer, “Please?”
“Want me to come with you?”
Sherlock stopped mid-stride; John had his full attention. “Oh.”
His hand drifting down, Sherlock let it pause at the base of John’s neck, just above the clavicle, where it was warm, where he could feel the steady beat of John’s heart. He reached John’s hand, resting his own on it. He had no need to grasp it; everything he needed was in the simple yet intimate act of touching their two hands together.
I have to turn away to hide my smile. If she only knew…
Andi nodded a greeting at Dr. Rudnikov. Something was different about her this morning; she stood a little straighter, and though she had just made a cross‑Atlantic flight, her eyes looked sharper than Andi thought she’d ever seen them.
“…idiot, I know.”  He finishes my sentence but he does sound not angry.  Instead he sounds happy.  Had I known all these years how much he likes being called an idiot I would have gladly obliged him every second of every minute of every day of every year.
?”  Cedric locked eyes with Sherlock.  The sound of rain pelting the ground filled the air, waiting for one of them to speak.
Still at the window, Derek looked up toward the sky, and John heard the distinct chuf chuf chuf of whirling helicopter blades getting closer.
“So.  Did you buy anything for yourself or am I the only one to reap this embarrassment of riches?”
about thee-”
“Yes,
“No, I mean you no offence,” Sir John said, the words rushing out of his mouth. He reached out to touch Sherlock’s arm, but dropped it when Sherlock shifted, broadening the space between them. “I meant, uh, no one would need to stay at an inn so close to where they live.
“Dr. Watson, would you be so kind as to put that in your ice box? I do not wish to spoil Sherlock’s dinner. Besides, he might prefer a different dessert tonight,” I say, leaning into the suggestiveness.
Sherlock be not gone.
I close my eyes, losing myself in my music, when John taps my leg.
“For what?  I have done nothing.  Worse, I was not here when you needed me.”
“I do not want to antagonise your symptoms; if you are allergic to me I will have to stay away from you.”
I hurry through the list, my face growing warmer with each line I read, pivoting my body to shield the words from Katie.  Not all the items are about where (or how!) to make love.  Some are about trips he knows I want to take, or things he wants to do for me, like every day tell me he loves me, or get me laser surgery so I can read unassisted (‘Not that I mind helping him.  I rather enjoy it, in fact’, he wrote in parenthesis at the end of that entry).  And then I reach the very last one on the list.  #142. Make John happy.  But ‘142’ is crossed out, to the side of it written ‘#1’.
“But you eat and sleep.  You do not think about me all the time.  You leave me aregularly.  Just yesterday you left for days on end and it did not seem to bother you one whit.   No, John, you are wrong.  I do not know why you want to confess to such nonsense.”
His heart swelling with pride for his companion’s brilliance, John let out a soft sigh.
Mio Dio.
“Hurt and devastated,” Sherlock said, in a tone that made John unsure if it was an apology for bad wording or for what Sherlock had done those years ago. “But whatever other responses you had, would it be fair to say that you also felt betrayed?”
“Why?  Because I don’t want you to leave this world, many years from now I must add, with any regrets.  And because…because neither do I want to.”
“Is there someone you’re waiting for? Someone else I should speak with?” Sherlock asked.
He crossed the floor of the sitting room in Sherlock’s flat and sat down.  Sat down in the chair that had always been his
love is.
, though.
“You are shaking.  Be you cold?”
“Yes, love be for fools.  I- I was wrong, I do not love thee…you.  I confused my emotions with desire, and
It wouldn't hurt to be ready.
go to the doctor for my yearly physical as John suggests.  It is only fifteen years since I have been, but anything for John.
John’s primal instinct told him to push his hips up to meet the warm, wet mouth that wrapped itself around him.
“You,
He hovered nearby as the arriving medics picked her up and set her gently onto the gurney, rolling it to the awaiting ambulance after checking her vital signs.  Her arm stretched out to Leonid, beseeching him to stay with her.  He hesitated, unsure what to do.  He wasn’t her husband, he wasn’t her…anything.  Would it somehow complicate her life if he arrived at hospital with her?  Would the baby’s father be summoned, waiting for her?
Sherlock! What
“No, Sherlock,
A sense of dread filling him, Sherlock riffled through the sheets; he saw nothing but blank pages, and he riffled through them again. No, he had not missed anything.
By the time John and Sherlock returned to the inn, the sun had hidden behind early afternoon clouds. The glazed window in their room was too small and thick to be useful, but the fire pierced the shadows, the light from its flames flickering on the walls around them.
Be it that John believed Cedric’s claims Sherlock killed Eduard?  Though the timing be right since twas after John and Cedric spoke the evening before, John had continued to show him care in the morning.  Twas not until after Aldus woke to use the chamber pot that John had grown quiet and withdrew his affections.  He had said that he was wrong, twas merely desire he felt and that alone be not sufficient to risk his knighthood.
John be fairly certain what Sherlock had said, but what kind of question be that?
With that he rolls over.  He might as well have slammed the door in my face.  Not that he has not done so many times over the years, with little effect I must say, for I always open it and walk through anyway.  Well, except for the time he hit me in the nose and he apologised profusely for days and days saying he didn’t mean it and he was sorry because he would never in a million years want to hurt me and would I please please forgive him.  Yes John, always.
He smiles as if he is very pleased with himself and says, “I’ll tell you later.”
The well of emotion rising in response left him without the capacity to respond coherently. “Of course” was profoundly inadequate to express his willingness to take whatever action needed to help John, even if it was at a detriment to himself.
His eyes fluttering closed against his will, the last thing Sherlock heard before he fell asleep be John’s soft “I love thee, so much.  I would be lost without thee.”
Confused, John said, “I thought you said you accounted for all of them? You barely told me any of what happened whilst you were gone, but you did just say you ‘eliminated’ them.”
Sherlock did not know which annoyed him more, that Colin spoke to him with such familiarity or that he felt he knew so much about him and John.   Sherlock knew he himself had faith in John, but why would John not have faith in him?
The thought of solving my case makes me dizzy with anticipation; at its conclusion I will have the heady pleasure of once again touching that most sacrosanct of places, the small of John’s back.   I shake the image from my mind.  Though I will assuredly unravel the mystery, it will do me no good to allow myself to be distracted by the end result, else I will sit here in a daze and accomplish nothing.
“Sir John, Sherlock.”  Aldus shuffled to the far end of the room and stopped, sending a stream of liquid splashing into the chamber pot.
“John,” I breathe, shuddering at his touch.
“Katie is in labour and we’re on our way to hospital.  Just fixing a bite to eat for John first.”   I make myself at home, popping bread into the toaster.
My hands are poised over him and I realise I do not know what to do.  I have never massaged a live human being before, and corpses are beyond the need for further relaxation.
His hand resting on my nape now, his thumb plays with the hair tickling the top of my neck.
Not until that moment did it dawn on Sherlock that he be free.  Free to go wherever he liked.  Free to go with John.  And with a betrayal to which he be unaccustomed, Sherlock’s body would not do what he told it to do; he could not walk. His legs grew weak, and his body trembled.  His breathing laboured, twas as though he had run a great distance.
Sherlock was quite happy to accommodate him.
An amused looked settled on Sherlock’s face.  “Are you jealous, John?”
?   His groin grew warm with the gentle sway of the horse rocking him, awakening his manhood.  How would John’s mouth feel, hot and wet-
He needed to make sure he understood correctly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Grabbing clumsily for his mobile, John lost his grip on the crutch and teetered, about to fall himself. “Say that again?” But he said it to dead air. Andi had already ended the call.
But come to think of it, the detective
As Lestrade called for a cab, he watched Sherlock and John; it was his turn to be confused.  These two knew each other?  He had heard Dr. Watson cry out Sherlock’s name even though he had denied being the doctor in the A&E.  He could hear the gentleness in John’s voice as he spoke quietly with Sherlock, the way he lightly, almost lovingly, touched him as he rearranged the blanket.  He could see how Sherlock accepted the care of this quiet man, failing to bristle as he was usually wont to do when a stranger, hell, anyone, got close.
He had said at John and Mary’s wedding reception there would only be one vow in his life.  But he was wrong once again and glad to be so, for he would make one more vow.  The only one that now mattered, or ever would.
“You did?”
“Of course, tis our place.  Tis our job to protect him, is it not?  And he needs protecting; he just may not know it.  Be you on my side?”
My hand moves faster and faster along the length of my penis, my grip grows more firm…
John’s world tilted, the blast deafening him, the shocking sight of what he witnessed incomprehensible.  What the
Sherlock thought about what John had said, about listening to what Laila had to say.  That there could be a noble reason she had left him in someone else’s care.  And he resolved to talk to her.  For John.  If the best and wisest man Sherlock had ever known said that be what he should do, then he would do it.
“My apologies for the delay, Sherlock. Let’s get started, shall we?” Ella walked into the room, sitting across from Sherlock. Picking up the notepad and pen from the table next to her chair, she set them on her lap.
I will be fine.  I will be fine.  I will be fine, I chant.  For the most part believing what I say.  I lived quite adequately for many years without John Watson; I can do it again.
“What tis not right? This?” Sherlock murmured in response, sliding his tongue across John’s pliant mouth. “Or this?” he breathed. With a delicate nudge, he parted John’s lips and dipped inside, flicking light licks on John’s tongue, the sensitive inner lining of his lips, the corners of a mouth that without a word said “more”.
Sherlock looked at him long enough that John looked away.
ntonovich
There is a pause and he says, “But you have.”
Sherlock gained so much knowledge?  Surely, as a servant he would not have access to education.  Why be Cedric so angry about Sherlock and what difference be it to him for Sherlock to travel with them?
“Well, tis good to have you happy.  Too much difficulty in life you have had, tis true.  Goodnight, Mother.”  Colin stooped and kissed her upturned cheek.
I jumped from St. Barts, not
“John sacked her. Ta. Gotta go.”
Why does he look so nervous?  His tongue peeks out between his lips, takes a quick lick, and dashes back inside.  Snogging?
“I thought you were talking about mine.  No, you are fine.  You are quite perfect, in fact.  In every way.”
“Keep kissing me and close your eyes,” John whispered.
I back down.  A little.
“When I was in the Serbian prison I always called your name, hoping you would come.  The guards never said my name, they told me to ‘shut up, or I’ll kill you.’  In Croatian, of course.  You used to tell me to ‘shut up or I’ll kill you,’ too, so I do not know why when they said it it did not make me feel any better.”
“I’m sorry, sweetie. I don’t mean to doubt you, but it came on so suddenly.  Can’t we have you seen by a local surgeon in San Juan?  We’ll be there soon, won’t we?”
This time Sherlock did not pretend he be unaware of whom Colin spoke.
Looking at the bed, he saw no signs anyone had joined him.
“Just as I thought, nothing.” Sherlock humphed, stretching his long legs out in front of him as far as the restrictive space would allow.
“It’s on your list,” John said.
“I cannot do my research.  Ever since I fell in love with you all I can think about is you.  All I can smell and see, is you.  And whilst I find every bit of it highly intriguing and admittedly very pleasurable, it is interrupting my work.  I am not able to
reason?  Despite his vast personal resources, he was at a loss to think of even one.  The only reasonable explanation would be if he cared what people thought.  Or if John cared.   He knew neither of these possibilities to be true.
“All right, let me hear it.  Thou will not leave me in peace until thou tells me.”
“I should have gone with him, I would have protected him. And now he is dead!”
“’Get it up’?  I am not familiar with that term.”  Why is he so intrigued?
“No, I do not think about intercourse.  I take care of my sexual requirements in a methodical fashion on a regular basis; I need no assistance. ”
Nice save there, Sherlock.
“No, I don’t remember.” A cloud passed across John’s face and flitted away. “From what we’ve been told, I don’t think I ever will, but it doesn’t mean we can’t start our friendship over.”
Lestrade leaned over the body lying in the bed.
“I see you had a little trouble today.  Be there anything with which I can help you?”  Sitting tall atop his horse, Sir Norman towered over John, giving his usual air of ‘looking down on’ John new meaning.  And he appeared to enjoy every moment of it.
Cold fear ran through him as he realized not only were the keys missing from the drawer…but so was the gun.
“No, John.  I want another one of those…rum thingies.”  I point at a sparkler-adorned plastic cup walking by.
The indignation on Sherlock’s face made John laugh.
“Hmmm?”  Sherlock hummed, clutching John’s thighs, mouthing his testicles. The tip of Sherlock’s tongue flicking the tender skin underneath them.
“Why must I?”  I am so startled by the accusation that my vocabulary is inadequate, I am momentarily distracted from the important matter at hand.
John warned, knowing if he could see Sherlock he would surely see his eyes roll.
“Sherrrlock.  Where did thou come from?”  His speech garbled, John squinted up at Sherlock as if he doubted who he saw.  More likely, he could not see straight.
“What do you think?” He asks, his heart quickening.
“What
“Ah, ah, ah. Let me think.”
“What, and deprive you of the fun of cracking it? How else would you stoke your superiority complex?” John would have said, feigning annoyance. Wait. He  had been feigning, hadn’t he?
“Three!”
“Yes, it is.  But why?  We always lie together in the morning, and…well, cuddle, for want of a more elegant word.”
He huffs out a small breath of air, relieved I will not fight him on this.  “Thank you, honey.”
In the dark I hear him take several exaggerated puffs of air to demonstrate.   “Now get that pretty arse of yours
