to control, and no one can ever try to tell him what to do while they’re on his turf.
>> That can be arranged :)
Dinner is a cardboard-tasting pizza delivered to his motel room and eaten on his bed, the muted sound of the television playing in the background while he reads over his notes again and again. Tomorrow has to go perfectly, and it’s late by the time he finally packs up all his notes and falls asleep on top of the questionable covers, gun tucked safely beneath the scratchy pillow.
“In all ways except blood, yeah. He was…” Dean swallows, then looks down at the ground, scuffing his foot against the floor as he tries to pick his words. “He’s been there for me every time I needed him,” he finishes. “Giving me the farm was to help me get back on my feet.”
Castiel exhales the breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding, closes his eyes for a moment to steady himself, then begins the summoning incantation.
Not very
“You son of a bitch,” he mutters to himself, though he can’t help but grin at the
Dean spends his entire day pulling weeds and evaluating the state of the farm, only stopping for half an hour to make himself a quick sandwich and
“I guess that’s my answer,” he murmurs, right before Castiel kisses him.
“Unlucky, Dean,” Cas teases, his voice smug.
Castiel looks over at Dean, whose jaw is set tight, his brows faintly creased in an unhappy frown. He won’t look Castiel in the eye. “Hi, Andy. Yes, I was.” His voice carries a hint of tension to it. “Can we get a table for two, please?”
This day has been coming for a while—the cemetery filled its last grave a few years ago, and ever since then, they’ve simply been the custodians. The trees Dean had created in the few years after he’d died are more than fully grown now, the church and the gazebo still in immaculate condition thanks to his and Cas’s efforts. This place has been Dean’s home for almost a hundred years, and Cas’s for even longer, and now…
And yet, here he is. And so much of it is thanks to Dean.
But here, pressed close against Dean with the early morning light filtering in through the window…
They message each other every day, of course, and talk face to face if they have time. It’s… weird, being without Cas like this. Dean has seen him almost every day since elementary school, and now that he can only talk to him through a computer screen, it feels all kinds of fucked up. He’s got his future to think about, though, and he couldn’t possibly have sacrificed his admission to MIT, and so he sucks it up.
Cas means to say
But he doesn't. Instead, he waits until Dean is looking back down at him, then pulls back so that the head of Dean's cock is resting on his tongue and hollows his cheeks around it.
“Because I like you, Dean. I like you a lot. And every night, I fall asleep wondering if tomorrow will be the day you’re forced to put your life on the line in exchange for mine, and I feel sick at the thought of it.” He looks down at his hands, folded tightly together on the table in front of him. “I understand if that makes you uncomfortable. If you’re not fully interested in having a relationship with a man, or if my feelings are too strong for you. I would understand if you wanted to resign based on what I’ve just told you. But I can’t…”
Castiel just raises an eyebrow at him, giving him a look that quite clearly communicates his current
, Castiel thinks to himself, in that quiet moment of the night and in the pause between words.
Castiel tries to get a grip on himself. Tries to regain control of his own mind. If he can’t do this, then everything they have worked for is lost. New York will be destroyed. Dean will die.
But if Dean thinks he’s going to be angry about the mark… he’s so far from the truth. But Castiel doesn’t want to unpack its implications right now—probably not ever.
Castiel takes a few steps closer, carefully, even though his footsteps aren’t even capable of making a sound. Dean is just staring down at the grave, and the headstone, and the small patch of earth hat had been overturned by his digging last night but has since been flattened smooth.
And then Cas is standing there, pressed against the barrier and looking up at Dean, one person in a sea of thousands but the only person who matters most to Dean in this single moment.
Benny makes a quick, sympathetic expression. “Didn’t think you did. We haven’t been… well, intimate, since he met you, but he’s come to me a couple times since to get me to ground him. He was such a mess last night, I’m surprised he’s even functioning today, honestly.”
Castiel doesn’t look up.
. The sole of his foot brushes against the ground for a moment as he steps from the light, as though deliberating,
When Dean is gone, it’s like there’s a hole in his heart, a yearning void that can only be filled by green eyes and a beautiful Kansas drawl. The sun comes out when he’s around, and Castiel feels impossibly more alive, but it hurts more and more each time he leaves, when Castiel finds himself alone once again.
. He knows exactly what she means by that.
>> He said he wanted to think about it. The lease on his apartment ended, so he needs to find somewhere new, and… it just felt right.
The town he stops in is smaller. None of the buses feel right, so he starts to walk.
Dean holds Castiel’s gaze, clearly trying to communicate the importance of his message, until Castiel nods and says, “Okay.”
The last professor makes Dean pause. Professor Novak has more ratings than any other professor Dean has checked out tonight, all of them good and few of them about his actual syllabus or teaching style. Instead, almost every single review is some variation of comment on his looks.
The word stays.
But with this woman… he hadn’t noticed. Hadn’t even thought to look.
overthink it, otherwise he's going to break down) as he leans forward and presses a quick, chaste kiss to Castiel's lips.
Show some love to the original
, has a single one of them been able to see him.
He sips at his drink, then leans his elbow against the bar and turns, trying to catch a glimpse of his friend among the crowds of people. He might be able to fake being unwell and tell Balthazar he needs to go home, but his friend is nowhere to be seen, so it looks like he’s out of luck.
around Dean. “My apologies,” he says sincerely, then gestures at the items lying on the grass beside his grave. “Dean, what is all this for? Am I missing something?”
"I love you," he whispers against Castiel's lips, and feels Cas press their foreheads together, just for a moment.
He doesn’t realize that he’s missed lunch altogether until it’s almost time for him to go home—to an empty apartment, with no Inias and no Dean and just a bunch of plants to keep him company.
And yet here he is, standing at the entrance to the rift, a gun pointed at his head and a pair of very familiar hands holding that gun.
“Hey, Cas,” he says, and even his
He sets his paints aside, wipes his hands off on his paint-covered jeans, then follows after his boyfriend with a grin.
He ends up texting Inias over his lunch break, after he finds himself thinking around and around in circles about the question.
It’s just something he has to accept.
"Careful!" he shouts, one hand holding his GoPro while he films and the other keeping Cas steady by his elbow. "Can't have you flying off on me now, who knows where you'll end up!"
He wakes up in the morning with, inevitably, quite the hangover.
Their movements are so fluid, his fingers moving almost without conscious thought, effortlessly and mesmerizingly forming each sign.
Castiel is already reaching for his gun, but the incubus is quicker, striking Castiel on the temple with the now-empty whiskey glass and pinning him up against the balcony railing. Even though the world is spinning now, Castiel still desperately tries to fumble his gun out and point it at the incubus.
Finally, Castiel has found someone like him.
“That’s awesome,” she says, leaning her forearms on the desk. One arm is covered with black and white tattoos that perfectly accentuate her complexion and, Castiel suspects, the badassery lurking below the laidback attitude. She grins, and winks at him conspiringly. “You never forget your first.”
The socks are set aside, and then Castiel looks up at his submissive. Dean is still watching him, lips parted, eyes green and dark. His breath hitches when Cas begins to slide his hands up his legs, over his denim-covered thighs, to the button of his jeans.
They keep going, Castiel taking them further into the waves and the wind while Dean squeezes off shots whenever he can, doing his best to discourage the guards on the yacht from shooting at them.
. There’s so much he wants to say, or to ask, but instead he simply says, “Is the carpet enough cushioning on your knees?”
And then he looks over to the other figure, to the sandy brown hair and freckles and that
He skids to a stop, leaving rubber on the pavement, and usually, Castiel would be pissed, but there’s something about this guy (and his balls of steel) that has him captivated. He takes a step forward for a better view, watching the motorbike rider through the huge, bulletproof windows that span the front of the shop.
He can only hope.
And in one of the chairs sits an angel, booted feet kicked up on the table in front of him, tawny wings sprawled expansively on either side of him but not a single feather touching the ground.
For as long as anyone can remember, there have been stories about the Lawrence Memorial Cemetery.
The corners of Dean’s lips lift in a smile and he leans forward, resting his inked forearms on the table. “Cas,” he says, the picture of casual relaxation, a spark in his eyes that says
The next time he wakes, the room is bright. The sun has risen.
“Fuck,
“Which will it be, Castiel? New York, or Dean Winchester?”
The voice is gravelly, rough. Dean spins on his heel, angry at himself for letting his guard slip for just ten seconds out of twelve hundred, but relieved beyond anything that his waiting hasn’t been for nothing.
gets a proper smile out of Dean.
Dean aches.
Just outside the lamp’s reach sits a sleek, black car, and against the car leans a single man; suited, sharply dressed.
“You’re all done. Want to have a look?”
Why does everyone else seem to get along so well with him, while Dean just... can't? There's always something between them, holding him back, rubbing him the wrong way.
The man himself stands up from his desk when he Dean enters, and for the first time Dean has ever seen, he actually looks a little… nervous. He straightens the cuffs of his shirt that are rolled halfway up his forearms and then touches his half-loosened tie as though he’d forgotten to tighten it before Dean entered—not that Dean minds in the slightest. With the messy hair and the more casual look, he might
And as he turns it over in his hands, marveling at it…
The child’s spirit. Of course.
to be able to walk around the exhibits or the archives and know that that’s all because of
Neither Dean nor Castiel move, holding each other's gaze as Filch shuffles out of sight and out of hearing. Finally, once they're sure he's gone, Cas lets his expression dissolve into a grin and dispels the invisible wall with a wave of his hand. "Well," he says, wandering over to Dean with his hands back in his pockets. "That was a close one."
. No one has ever given him a nickname before, and even if this one has been bestowed simply because his full name is too difficult, it still fills a warm spot inside Castiel’s chest.
you, let alone marry you by accident."
(See the end of the chapter for
, let alone ask a question so loaded, but he’s quick to school his expression into one of neutrality. “I didn’t have a girlfriend, no,” he says stiffly.
Nothing happens.
>> Last two guests just showed up. Pre sure dinner’s about to start. Where are you?
But he’d never forgive himself if he didn’t try.
"Cas?" he calls, even as he's striding over to the door, and it opens as he reaches for the handle.
But, then again…
bad,” he mutters, closing the door behind Inias. “Give it another year or two of solitary living, and then we’ll see.”
At least his meditation has taught him this much, even if it’s stopped helping over the years like it used to. Castiel forces himself to look past the initial emotions that are bubbling up to the surface, and just
“Who are you?” he asks, his voice carrying across the distance between them in a perfect rumble of gravel and whiskey.
"We'll get a little closer, and then we'll pull over for a second so you can get some good photos before we get in close to where the rain and lightning is happening, okay?"
skin, and Castiel settles his hands on Dean’s hips. “Must be something good about me if you keep putting up with me, though.”
. Castiel barely suppresses a snort. “You’re welcome to take a nap if you’re truly tapped out on watching, Dean. I’m sure I’ll be able to handle things on my own here.”
This is safety. This is comfort. This is
, he thinks to himself as they come to a stop outside Dean’s apartment building.
He stops Dean mid-sentence, leans in close and kisses him, long and slow and deep. “What was that for?” Dean asks breathlessly when he pulls back, his grin shining bright.
Paint adorns the walls, bright colours and spots of gold decorating every available space. Along the walls are chests and shelves full of precious metals, gems, incense, any offerings that would have pleased the god, and stand as evidence that this temple has not been touched since the fall of its people, hundreds of years ago. In the centre of the room are four trees that have long since grown out of hand, roots cracking the floor around their squares of dirt and branches stretching up, untamed, towards the high ceiling.
Until the knock on the door.
Something about it seems not-quite-right.
“Oh, shit,” Sam says, in a half-sob, half-chuckle. “You really are here, Dean, holy fuck. You wouldn’t have enough power yet to do that, though—did you really make Cas write that for you?”
"For the loss of your father, and..." Castiel takes a deep breath. "And for being ignorant. I didn't know all that, I just—I figured I could sit on the edge of the storm here, and not be in danger, and get my photographs from here."
?" he snaps, turning towards Novak. He steps forward until he's right up in Novak's personal space, jabbing his finger against his chest. "Fucking
Dean doesn't make too much of a thing of hiding the tins. He doesn't want to make it
And then Cas’s fingers close around his machete, and he swings it upwards. The vampire’s head rolls across the ground—Dean reaches him seconds later.
“It was alright,” he says, leaving his bag on the floor and making his way over to where Dean is sitting on their bed. “What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“You’re okay,” Castiel whispers. “I’ve got you.”
. Castiel has spent so many years in this cemetery, but the last few have been so much more memorable than the hundred that had preceded them. His memories of Dean and the times they’ve spent together have always been something he holds close to his heart, but now, there’s no way he can look around the cemetery without being reminded of Dean. He is
He tosses his phone onto the table in front of him and runs his hands through his hair. Regardless of whether Cas is here tonight, he’s still gonna play the song—he didn’t pull an all-nighter on it for nothing—but the longer it goes without hearing from him…
They don’t bury him for a week.
That’s still as easy and as incredible as it has always been.
As long as Dean’s happy, he’s happy.
Inias gestures with his spatula, brandishing it accusingly at Castiel. “You know what I mean,” he says, rolling his eyes playfully. “You told me you were going to give it another go, and that he was coming over for dinner again, and now you’re… like this.”
And Dean does.
“Holy
“Nice to meet you,” Castiel says.
When Dean comes to Castiel and tells him he’s not allowed to go up by the church for the next few days, Castiel’s interest is immediately piqued.
As wonderful as it would be to stay in bed all morning, Castiel has things to do, functioning adult tasks to complete and a paying job to get to. In a way, Dean having already gotten up makes it far easier for Castiel to do the same—he doesn’t doubt that he’d be much less motivated were Dean still here with him, all radiant warmth and cuddling limbs.
He knows he can’t leave Cas behind—the very thought of it makes his heart ache in his chest. On their last night in the city, he stays up late with Castiel, the two of them making love and then talking well into the early hours of the morning.
It’s a risk. It’s a risk, and Castiel is holding his breath, waiting to see how Dean will react. He’s never tried it like this before, and he’s
“This is quite the honour, to be
He wishes that he wasn’t so fucked up.
And with that, he turns on his heel and leaves, leaving Castiel alone with the angel.
Castiel’s heart thuds in his chest as he reaches the open doorway, and for a moment, he just stands there, absorbing the beautiful, quiet scene in front of him.
Because this? Living with Sam, finally confessing his feelings to Cas?
Dean crouches low to the ground as he follows that faint scent trail, his footsteps nearly silent against the leaf litter and fingers ready by the hilts of his blades, should he need them. He regrets not having his bow on him, but it was a little too cumbersome for the woods and the stealth he requires, so his throwing knives and daggers will have to
Even so, it’s a bit of a shock when they realize that it’s been a year. Sam’s visit is a total surprise, and when Dean catches sight of him across the cemetery, walking through the gates with a brown-haired woman beside him, his eyes light up.
with you is terrifying.”
Dean makes his way through the gates of the cemetery and wanders down the path in the direction of Castiel’s grave. Castiel blinks down to the ground and follows him at a distance—for now, it’s all he can do to just
The years have passed since they first met, then met again, and Castiel has watched as Dean had grown older. He is no longer the impulsive boy he met that night, on the anniversary of Mary’s death—time and experience have wizened him, just a little. He still doesn’t have anything on Castiel’s century-plus worth of worldly experience (not that he knows much about the current world), but it’s a start.
When Dean wakes, it’s to the bite of rope around his wrists and a throbbing in his skull. The demon sitting opposite him, picking idly at its nails with a knife, perks up.
"I didn't realise you knew so much about my schedule," he jokes, trying to smooth his own ruffled feathers. Just because Cas knows he was out there doesn't mean that he knows
“I’d protect you!” Dean snaps, more forcefully than he meant to. “I might have a dumb crush, okay, but I’d still take a bullet for you. I’d still be able to protect you and do my job.”
Unable to find any words that could possibly describe just how much he loves Cas in this moment, Dean simply pulls him close, runs his fingers through Cas’s silver-glittered hair, and kisses him.
There’s nothing standing in between him and Cas now but a metal barrier, and Dean closes the distance eagerly, as though it’s just the two of them and no one else. Cas reaches for him as he gets close, curls his fingers into the lapels of his jacket and kisses him. The crowd screams. Dean doesn’t care.
They end up back by the front desk—this time, Jo is nowhere to be seen. “Does Wednesday afternoon work for you?” Dean asks as he wakes up the computer, meeting Castiel’s gaze over the desk that separates them.
Castiel paces a few steps closer, those blue eyes piercing into Dean but still not giving away anything that’s going on in his mind.
Well,
, and his nails make half-crescents in the tanned skin of Castiel’s chest as he tries to hold himself together.
It takes forever, airports are Earth’s best approximation of what Hell must be, and hurtling through the sky in a giant tin can is the least relaxing way to travel in all of human history.
Cas arrives the next morning, once the sun is high and Dean has had time to have his coffee.
“Hey guys, how’s it going today?”
The bartender sets a glass down in front of Castiel, and his thoughts dissipate like smoke. He eyes the glass suspiciously for a moment, until Dean nudges him gently with his elbow. He’s already holding his, so Castiel sets aside his doubt and follows his lead.
“I have to go now,” he tells the boy quietly, because today has been a long day and he can feel that his energy has almost been depleted. “But you’re welcome to come back and visit your mother. I think she’d like that. And if you can still see me… say hello to me, too.”
After his run, he alphabetizes his bookshelves, then peruses Yelp for almost half an hour in search of a takeout place he hasn’t tried yet, methodically narrowing down his options until he settles on the best one.
in a way that feels like Dean is about to shake apart.
Dean pauses, considers. How far is he willing to push today? He glances over at the camera, and at the chat still scrolling rapidly on his laptop. If people are watching, and paying… he’s gotta put on a show, right?
Dean’s pride may be severely bruised, but he still says, “Thanks for that,” because he’s right. It
Castiel’s guard shakes his head. He sits at the front desk, day in and day out, monitoring the cameras and making sure no one gets in. And if someone does… well, the drawers and filing cabinets in the ‘reception’ aren’t full of paperwork, that’s for sure.
Castiel's eyes flick towards Dean, and just for a second, they make eye contact. His game could be up—but he and Cas are friends, even though they're from different houses, and he has to hope that that's enough for Castiel to spare him from Filch's wrath.
It’s cheesy and adorable and when Dean leaves the farmers’ market another hour later with the candle in his pocket, Cas’s number in his phone and a date scheduled for tonight, he can’t keep the smile off his face.
Now it’s November 2.
Sleep is a long time coming.
It’s Anna, of course it is. “Yes,” he says distractedly, running a hand through his hair in poorly-tempered frustration. “Can I help you?”
Dean reaches out for Castiel’s arm when he sits back down, and for a second his gaze flicks up to Castiel’s—as though he’s seeking permission to touch. Castiel swallows, and nods his consent.
He thinks himself in circles until he’s exhausted, falling into bed each night after many fruitless attempts to uncover whatever it is that’s hiding from him.
"Fuck," Dean gasps, and Castiel looks up at him, smirking as much as is possible with his mouth otherwise occupied. There's that spark in his eyes again, and it's so fucking hot, spurring Dean on.
Castiel takes a sharp step back as the man’s bleary gaze focuses on him. The guy squints, his nose crinkling, and in that moment before the realisation kicks in, he’s truly beautiful.
And so, considering they drive to work separately and do their best to act professional at work, their colleagues have no idea that they’re dating. Which… does not have the repercussions that Dean and Castiel had been expecting.
With Castiel in his arms, his soul resonating against Dean’s grace in the purest form of ecstasy, they fly
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s been so long, and almost immediately, Castiel has to rein himself in—there’s no way he’s going to come too early, not with how much he’s longed for this. Instead, he slides his fingers into Dean’s hair and feels the bob of his head, the lazy slide of that wicked, clever tongue. Dean is intoxicating and beautiful and this is already everything that Castiel had hoped it would be and more.
Retrieving his cane from the back of his wardrobe helps with walking, but the fact that he has to use it at all has that feeling twisting inside of him again, eating away at him. The day he’d been able to walk without using it had been a triumph—and now here it is, back again.
He reaches out, and takes the marble, and watches as the mask fades away in a matter of moments.
“Thought you’d never ask,” he murmurs, and kisses Castiel again.
Show some love to the original
Even though Dean has been working in the White House for more than a few months now, he’s only seen the inside of the Oval Office a handful of times, and this one is no less nerve-wracking than the others. In fact, it’s
No, he takes his time, laving his tongue over the soft skin of Dean’s stomach, his thighs, the V of his hips—everywhere except where he’s hot and hard, straining in the air. “Please, Cas,” Dean says when Castiel pauses, his lips so close that Dean can almost certainly feel the curl of Castiel’s breath over his cock.
Even without the crumbled skylight, though, there’s no doubt that this is the room he’s been looking for.
see him, right down to his purest essence—is a gift he hadn’t truly understood until the first time he had watched Castiel welcome a storm with open arms.
There.
The guy gives him a quick look up and down, so brief that Castiel might have missed it, but he doesn’t. And it piques his interest, reconsidering his first heterosexual assessment—
But they can’t stay in here forever.
After dinner, they put on some Netflix, but it’s more than clear that neither of them are really paying attention. In the end, Dean decides to just embrace the
. Dean is beautiful, and he’s
“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t just kill you now.”
Now it’s just them and Abby.
“Love you,” Dean murmurs quietly, and Castiel’s heart flips giddily in his chest, just like it does every time he hears Dean say those words.
It takes Dean almost an hour to drag himself back to the house. He doesn’t trust himself to put weight on his leg, not after all the times he was warned by the PT back in Kansas City not to push himself too far too quickly.
There must be a crease in Cas’s brow, concern on his face, because Dean chuckles and shakes his head as he turns back to the stove. “It’s okay, Cas, it’s not
Where the fuck does Novak get off on being such an entitled prick, even if he seems to be joking?
“Where are you takin’ me?” Dean mutters, but Castiel just ignores him, keeping his eyes focused on that sign, the open gate, and the world beyond it. They reach the threshold, the line in the dirt where the gates rest at night, and usually Castiel would be feeling the tug saying
>> Can I talk to you?
of Dean’s switchblade as he fiddles with it while they walk, perfectly in time with their steps.
technically still a novice glassblower—but after a few days, and his grace more expended than he’s used to, he manages to get it right. It’s with aching arms and skin damp with sweat that he steps back to admire his finished piece.
. Dean sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose.
"You may now kiss each other," the priest announces, and Dean doesn't overthink it (
“I know,” Castiel whispers. “I love you too, Dean.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Castiel whispers, even though it does, it matters more than anything in the whole of creation. “Go to sleep, Dean.”
And then he gets his first look at the man it belongs to, and any remaining thoughts he may have had fly out the (metaphorical) window.
And then Novak's mouth is on his, and all his anger and thoughts, both rational and irrational, fly out of the fucking window, because
him. Something that draws attention, something that says,
dangerous, no matter how many you've chased or how prepared you think you are. And I should know, because my dad taught me everything I know about storm chasing and tornadoes, which was a lot, and he was still killed by one. So trust me when I say I know what I'm talking about, and that you
Castiel gives him a dry look, but he can’t deny that Dean
Tomorrow, he will be getting married.
She pauses, clearly at the end of her little spiel, and Castiel takes the opportunity to ask the question that is most important to him.
Dean to contact him. After all the emotions of last night, it’s hard to totally distance himself again.
. Dean groans and arches up into it, curling his fingers into Cas’s shirt and threading the other hand into his hair.
Or so he thinks, until he hears Filch's quiet footsteps, and watches as he walks past right in front of Dean's nose, on the other side of the invisible barrier that's sprung up where there shouldn't be one.
He observes the world with eyes that must have seen so much, a patient weight to his gaze that feels ever-so-slightly familiar. Castiel stands in the middle of the path and watches him, curious.
Show some love to the original
Jo’s expression morphs into a playful scowl, but whatever her retaliation is, Castiel doesn’t hear it, because it’s at that point that his artist walks out of the back room, and everything else around them feels like it falls away.
He’s dressed in his pajamas, and perfectly clean—the only sign that last night ever actually happened is the slight twinge in his muscles when he hauls himself out of bed.
But Dean can be very persuasive. His prodding, tickling fingers, when combined with a few kisses to the parts of Cas’s exposed skin that he can reach, prove more than effective in getting Castiel up off the couch. And, of course, once he’s moving he realizes just how gross he actually is right now, and then nothing on earth would be able to keep him from getting to his shower.
The docks are busy and bustling, full of people ready to travel, loading goods on and off ships, or trying to hawk their wares—the usual scene for a Thursday at noon. It’s easy to go unnoticed in a place like this, where everyone has a story and somewhere to be, and that’s what makes it perfect.
So, now that he’s got it… all he has to do is get it out of here.
Of all the ways that Dean has imagined his first kiss with Cas, all the different scenarios he’s played out in his head over the years… it wasn’t like this. If this could even be
It’d be quicker to get home by calling a cab or an Uber, but tonight, Castiel feels like walking. It’s only twenty minutes to his apartment from here, and he could use the exercise considering how much time he’s spent sitting at his desk this week, so he heads off with the last of his few beers buzzing in his head.
grinning. Dean can just tell. “Well, it worked, didn’t it?”
There’s a long pause on Dean’s end of the connection.
That evening, Castiel places the order, his heart in his throat and every fiber of his being telling him
Dean clears his throat, then reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pair of gloves. For a second, Castiel is hopeful that
Castiel’s heart starts beating again.
He curls his fingers into the front of Castiel's shirt and pulls him closer, biting at his bottom lip. Their kiss is all clashing teeth and barely-bridled frustration—a fight, to see who will come out on top.
the same as Dean. But there’s something about Cas that makes him stay. He’s hot as hell, and that certainly helps—Dean has walked in on him doing shirtless yoga enough to know—and there’s something about the friction between them that, while it pisses Dean off to no end, also drives him
"So, what," he says, his words coloured with doubt and hesitation. "I just... tell them who I am? And they'll be friends with me?"
She waits for them to nod their confirmation before continuing.
It doesn’t take long to find that boat that Castiel remembered seeing, and he convinces Dean to jump down and start figuring out how to make it go, instead of helping him down. He manages an exhausted, clumsy scramble down one of the pier poles, landing in the bottom of the boat with a
“May the breath of Eden grace your wings, generals,” he says, accompanying his words with a bow that recognises their status.
Until Cas returns, having taken out four different vampire nests in Missouri. Begrudgingly, but not overly upset, Dean admits defeat. He would have liked to win, but he won’t complain about this outcome either.
One day, a human will walk the earth, and he will be Castiel’s soulmate. He will be the one who makes Castiel’s grace sing, who completes him in a way no other being could, who was created
Castiel blinks slowly, then gives Dean an answering smile. “Good morning.” This isn’t what he’d expected, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t happy to see Dean’s face first thing upon waking up. “I thought you’d be up and about by now.”
It only takes him a few seconds to sense it. There’s something here.
) student, holding a stack of notebooks and textbooks to his chest, tucked half-under his jacket. It must be raining again, because the guy’s dark hair is dripping into his eyes, and the exposed corner of one of his cartoon bee-covered notebooks is looking a little soggy. “Can I help you?” Dean asks, somewhat distracted by the bright blue eyes and the irritated crease between the guy’s brows.
of the Fae, let alone gotten the chance to properly meet one.
“I hope it tastes good,” Dean responds with a smile, nudging Castiel’s plate towards him. He turns away to finish cooking up his own breakfast, and Castiel takes his plate to the table. He eats in silence, turning his own thoughts over in his head, until Dean sits down opposite him.
By the end of his attempt, he’s slumped exhaustedly in his chair and there’s sweat beading at his temples and along his hairline.
"Exactly how long have you wanted to fuck me for?"
Bracing himself and shoving up as many mental walls as he possibly can, Castiel lunges for the gun.
Beside him, Dean sucks in a sympathetic breath. It’s weird to talk about it—and now that he thinks about it, he’s not sure he’s ever actually had this conversation with anyone before. Most spirits are, understandably, very self-focused, and it’s just… never come up.
He has to feed the chickens.
That earns him a grin from Dean, and he knocks his glass against the rim of Castiel’s, then tips his head back and takes a long sip of his bourbon. Castiel watches him for a moment, admiring the tattoo on the side of his neck and the bob of his Adam’s apple, then raises his own glass to his lips. He’s been drinking vodka for so long that he hasn’t felt the burn in years, but it settles warm in his stomach, giving him a lick of adrenaline.
Show some love to the original
“I need some air.”
“You were waiting for me?” he asks, but it’s less a question than a statement, because that much is pretty clear, from his words to his positioning.
Dean is reaching for the barrel when a hand on his shoulder stops him in his tracks, and he turns to look at Castiel, one eyebrow raised. "What?" he asks.
, he allows himself to think, just for a second.
“I wouldn’t hate it if this—whatever’s between us right now—turned into something… more.”
He will allow himself tonight, and he knows, deep down, that he will carry this moment with him in his heart for a very long time.
There’s a grateful twinge in Castiel’s chest, and he turns to look at Dean properly. “I know,” he says, then takes a deep breath and sighs it out again. “Okay. Let’s do this.”
Show some love to the original
Dean’s smile is nothing like Castiel’s. It is wide and warm and forgiving, this beautiful man with his dirt-stained hands who has captivated Castiel already, like no one else has in all his years. His smile sets something alight in Castiel in that moment, something fragile but fierce, so powerful that he can feel it in his chest.
The truth is that Castiel is ready to do whatever Dean could possibly ask of him. He nods, watching as Dean rubs his hands together in excitement.
“Huh,” he says to himself as he reaches for the fabric, carefully unpicking it from the grip of the hinge and examining it for a moment. There’s not much he can discern from it, but if the gossip of New York City’s magical underworld is correct…
, and all it would take is a turn of Castiel’s head to have their lips almost brushing.
But he’s still here. And that must mean he cares—about Mary, about his behaviour, his attitude. About
He’s expecting a woman—a hot brunette, perhaps.
They finish their food in silence. Cas helps Dean up when they stand, because suddenly he feels exhausted—exhausted by the lateness of the evening, and by the relentlessness of the thoughts that just won't leave him alone tonight. He collects his broom, and then follows Castiel back out of the painting and into the corridor.
Castiel has thought about kissing Dean before, but the urge has never been as strong as it is right now. Dean is watching him back, that grin faded to a smile that seems to hide so much beneath it. So much that Castiel doesn’t know.
Perhaps some other time, though.
, it feels incredible to actually
Dean’s words are soft. Quiet. There’s an almost imperceptible tremor to his voice. The moment spins out between them like glass, fragile and tenuous.
Dean heads back to the camp as the sun is rising over the horizon, thoroughly worn out but still fucking
He’s just as beautiful as Castiel remembers, and still just as off-limits.
It’s time to get to work.
He nudges Dean closer, enough that their cocks bump against each other and he can wrap a hand around both of them together. With Dean’s erection hot and hard against his own, Castiel can barely string together a coherent thought, let alone vocalize anything at all right now, so he simply moans his pleasure into the air between them.
Cas just sighs in response, long and heavy, and Dean knows exactly how he feels. Thank fuck his last major assignment had been due last week, and now he can just relax, and help Cas not fall apart.
“Did you grow these for me?” Dean asks quietly, crouching down to get a closer look at the flowers. Castiel follows him, but instead of looking at the flowerbeds, he can’t help but find his gaze drawn towards Dean instead.
This Fae is stunningly handsome—tall, with messy, dark hair and storm-blue eyes. Even without the blue amulet at his throat, Dean can automatically pick his Air-alignment. He
of getting to use his powers like this once more.
Castiel’s lips quirk up further, and he shrugs one shoulder, casting his gaze away from Dean and across the great, cavernous room. “Not particularly. I believe I will know when I find the right creature. Do you have many companions of the Air here?”
His whole body feels like it got run over by a cart, and as he stares up at the ceiling, gently washed with the first grey light of dawn, the events of yesterday come flooding back.
“Are you going to take my mom?” the little boy asks, in a voice that wobbles, but only barely. Poor child, he has grown up far too young.
A collection of drabbles written for prompts on the
“Dean… why are you helping me like this?”
But, grumpiness and pranks and office betting pools aside…
Today is hot, and half the builders are shirtless. Green-eyes is hanging out by the fence, where Castiel is tending to his vegetable patch.
He knows music, of course—knows songs from a childhood spent in churches, knows the music that is played at funerals sometimes. But he doesn’t know music like
Christmas Day is a low-key affair. Since Cas doesn’t really have a family—has only ever celebrated with Inias since he left home—Dean is more than happy to welcome him into their Christmas celebrations.
Luckily, Castiel has been taught how to hunt by the best.
He might be able to find someone who
is the man that Dean recognises. Not the king, in command of an army, an entire kingdom, but the man he’d gotten to know last night in the woods, under the cover of anonymity.
. Even without the dress sense, though, the guy’s eyes and sex hair are captivating, and any hope Dean had of eloquence dies in that moment.
It’s only once they’re halfway back to the motel, one of Dean’s cassettes playing quietly over the stereo, that Castiel asks, “What did you dream about?” He’s not sure he wants to know, but part of him is morbidly curious to know what Dean’s life might look like if his greatest wish were granted.
Dean stares at him for a moment, his eyes wide and a smile beginning to curve the edges of his lips. “Yeah?” he asks quietly, and leans forward to press a gentle kiss to Castiel’s lips when Cas nods. “Fuck, I’m so proud of you. You’re incredible, you know that?”
“You’re beautiful,” he murmurs, and watches as Dean’s cheeks blush pink. “Stand up for me, good boy.”
Moments like this.
And he starts to heal.
“What did you mean, you’re not going anywhere?” he asks. His voice is rough, cracking brokenly around the syllables.
And then he looks back towards the table where Castiel and Benny are sitting, and some of that happiness fades away. Apple pie in hand or not, he looks wary. He looks
A huge thank you to cap for your alpha and beta help with this chapter! Your advice is, as always, invaluable <3
“Patience, sweetheart,” he tells him, leaning in for one more kiss before stepping away. “Get dinner in the oven, get comfortable, and then we can talk about it. Okay?”
A figure steps out of the tear between worlds. A figure who’s tall, tanned, wide eyes bluer than the daytime sky and hair just as wild as Dean remembers. He still looks transient, though, more than a little transparent. As though he’s here, but
He moves like poetry.
“I did.” His voice is quiet over the noise of the crowd. Dean leans in closer to hear him, always gravitating into his pull.
He goes out there whenever he’s able—whenever he can slip away from his parents and his chores, and go in search of that music. Because even though his parents and the folklore tales all insist that whatever is out there is dangerous, Dean knows that it’s not. Not towards him, anyway. He can hear them, hear them calling to him, and that
of this, really—but now that he does, he realises that he doesn’t know very much about the details of Dean’s work, or the people that they’re looking for.
“Come find me once Zepp’s moved on,” he says with a laugh and a cheeky grin, gesturing down at the sleeping cat while Dean curses, “and we can celebrate. But until then… I think you’re stuck.”
“I’m pretty perceptive sometimes. You’re getting your Dom mark covered up, basically, and once you saw I was a sub, it was like you’d flipped a switch. You’ve been tense this whole session, to the point where you had a panic attack, and the thing that helped calm you down was for you to give me orders in the guise of questions. I can start to put the pieces of the puzzle together.”
It’s at that point that Castiel realizes—he hasn’t tried to see if Death’s promise was legitimate yet.
. Instead, he keeps watching Dean, trying to buy him drinks while they were all at the bar further up the beach, or attempting to initiate stilted conversation over the loud music that makes it nearly impossible. Every time, Dean has politely turned him down, but that just doesn’t seem to be getting through this alpha’s thick skull. For fuck’s sake, he’s not even Dean’s
Castiel ignores that—he can’t let himself focus on that right now, not when he has Dean in front of him with a bullet wound through his shoulder, and a moral dilemma resting heavily on his shoulders.
Dean hums, then reaches for a sleek, charcoal shirt and presses it into Cas’s hands. “That one,” he says decisively. “It’ll knock their socks off. I know even
“Like this?”
“You know, the ones with the man of your dreams on them? The ones you can’t stop staring at when you leave the house for once?” Balthazar laughed and winked at Castiel’s growing blush.
To make me slave to it; and for your sake
“Oh how nice, two volunteers. Mr. Novak and Mr. Winchester at the back there, would you please come up front, and bring your copies of the Tempest with you?” Crowley almost yells and Castiel snaps his eyes up to meet the furious gaze of his professor. Splendid, now Dean got him into trouble in class as well.
“Yes, I didn’t feel- I mean, there’s nothing here- I should-“ he begins before he gets interrupted by Dean’s lips on his, soft and warm, tasting like pudding, beer and Dean. It’s over before it’s even begun, just a quick press of lips against lips, but it has him breathing heavily when they part.
They had tried watching the latest episode of the new series they were following, but they were both too distracted by the other. They had lasted all of ten minutes before Dean reached over to turn off the TV, leaning over to steal a kiss on the way. One kiss turned to many, and the sofa was exchanged for the bed, declarations of love kissed into Castiel’s clavicle, Dean’s shoulders, Castiel’s eyelids, Dean’s jaw, their breathing heavy but in tandem, their hands finding each other over and over.
Am I this patient log--man.”
“So, no luck last night I take it?” Balthazar asked.
“How are you doing?” the guy asks, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s reactions. So yes, probably straight. Castiel sits up and blushes furiously when he gets reminded once again that he’s completely naked, on the floor in the men’s shower room, with a gorgeous stranger trying to help him.
Dean’s voice is soft, gentle, and Castiel remembers this morning, when Dean had asked him if he was okay.
Als alle Knospen sprangen,
“I’ve never had sex,” he blurts out, and continues quickly when Dean’s eyebrows shoot up, “I mean, never penetrative sex. And last time I, uh,
“No, I, uh, no one’s ever told me that before,” Dean mutters, hiding behind his T-shirt as he pulls it over his head. Now it’s Castiel’s turn to be surprised. Because really? This could impossibly be the first time-?
“That’s right Jack, so we have to be extra careful, okay? Baby plants are more vulnerable than big plants.” Jack nodded solemnly, as if the fate of the world rested on his small shoulders. “Could you please fill that pot with some soil?” Cas continued and pointed to a smaller pot in front of Jack.
“Mhm, and then what?”
On whom these airs attend! Vouchsafe my prayer
He shuts off the shower and holds his breath for a minute, listening to hear if someone else is there. The only sound he hears is the dripping from the showerhead down onto the cold tiles by his feet, so he sneaks out of the shower, trying to shake as much water off as possible, before finding his boxers in the pile on the bench by the wall.
“Yes, Dean, I’m fine. In and out, I think I understand the plan. You can wait here you know, I won’t be long,” Castiel answered, looking at his neighbor who was carefully parking his Baby between two Volvo’s.
They fall asleep close together a while later, after even more kissing, sharing one pillow and facing each other. The last thing that Castiel thinks of before letting sleep take over is ‘thank God for stupid brothers with stupid birthday gifts’.
“Im wunderschönen Monat Mai,
“Nicely done there, Cas,” Dean mumbles next to him and he turns his head to look at Dean, but he finds the other man’s face much closer to his than he thought it’d be.
“You know, if there’s one thing I’m good at, it’s stripping,” Dean says and winks, starting to roll his hips to music only he can hear. He starts out slowly, hips rolling sensually, grinding down on Castiel. The other man can’t take his eyes off of him. He’s gorgeous like this. Eyes closed, body swaying rhythmically to a silent song, a smirk on his lips, hands smoothing down his crinkled T-shirt, dipping down the waistband, and then going up again. Castiel bites his lip to avoid making obscene sounds, he wants nothing more than letting Dean continue, not wanting to risk interrupting.
The bull twisted and turned a few more times before coming to a halt with Dean’s back towards Castiel. The audience cheered wildly, and Dean laughed, leaning backwards and laying down on the bull, catching his breath. His eyes met Castiel’s, and winked, before dragging himself up and jumping off the bull gracefully. He exited the stage to the crowd’s cheers, smiling wide and bowing on his way out.
“Because she’s gonna be a baby and she needs a baby plant,” Jack clarified. “And I can take care of baby plants now.” He looked up at first Castiel and then Dean, who both looked back at him awestruck. Suddenly Dean wasn’t worried at all how Jack would handle a baby sister.
“Yeah,” Dean says, smiling wide, “I love you too, Cas.”
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel mumbles, fiddling with his fork. Dean seems very intense, very extrovert in comparison to Castiel’s more introvert nature.
“And then, when I’ve looked after it then-“ Jack continued before stopping himself. Dean bounced his knee, looking expectantly at Jack.
face.
6.58 pm:
Do you love me?” Castiel mumbles, looking down at his page, blushing furiously.
“Oh, right, thanks,” Dean beamed, and jumped down from the stage. “Sorry I wasn’t here last night to- y’know.” Dean sounded more nervous now, as he looked down and rubbed his neck. “Say hi,” he finished awkwardly.
I ever saw so noble,” Castiel reads and looks shyly up at Dean who only nods encouragingly.
“We’ll talk tomorrow, okay?” Charlie mumbled sleepily as Castiel walked her to her dorms, only a few minutes from his apartment. He nodded and gave her a hug, a silent thank you for sticking with him the whole evening.
Da hab' ich ihr gestanden
simmering beneath the surface. He groans when Dean’s hand reaches to stop him, but he removes his hand nonetheless. Dean sits up slightly, pecking at Castiel’s forehead and holding one hand on Castiel’s chest to keep him from sitting up.
“Sorry darling, engaged, and gay,” the girl says and shows off her left ring finger. Dean only laughs, but begins to flip through the pages quickly when he hears Crowley tapping his foot against the floor impatiently.
“Yes, you left,” he finally replied, “after your performance. I assumed you didn’t want to see me, so I thought I’d spare us both the awkwardness and just swing by today instead.” He gave Dean a small smile, “I guess that didn’t really work out…”
“Can I give you my number?” Dean mumbles and Castiel nods eagerly, giggling like a schoolgirl.
If Castiel had let a tear fall when Dean sang, Charlie didn’t say anything.
Ay, with a heart as willing
“Dean?” he whispered, and Dean hummed, so he continued, “Could you help me build my shelves now?”
He gets up from his seat and walks up to the front, clutching his tattered copy of Shakespeare’s last play to his chest, followed by Dean.
The ride back home in the taxi was miserable. Gabriel and Balthazar couldn’t stop with their pleased smirks and Castiel once again found himself sinking lower into the car seat, this time with Dean’s hat in his lap.
“I don’t think I have one,” Castiel says, frowning. Is this actually something that people spend time thinking about, or practicing, to be able to show off at company dinners or friend’s parties?
. Castiel looks quickly back down to the page and continues, blushing as he reads his line.
My husband, then?” Castiel almost whispers.
“So, what would you say is best for a young man, with a gazillion books? I know he was talking about getting a bunch of BILLY’s, but what do you say?” Dean continued, now talking to the girl, confusion growing. Dean was asking questions about shelves, for him? What?
The sun was warm on Dean’s back as he closed the hood of the Impala, arms full of grocery bags. He made his way around back, hoisting one of the bags up to rest against the jut of his hip.
“Mr. Novak, feel free to begin at any time. It’s not like we don’t have all day,” Crowley mutters. Castiel blushes and begins.
My mistress, dearest;
Castiel giggles and kisses Dean sloppily, throwing his arms around Dean’s neck and laughing when Dean hoists him up, locking his legs tightly around Dean’s waist. He leans down to kiss Dean again, wanting nothing more than to kiss Dean for all eternity. The kisses begin heated, but soon they find themselves panting and kissing slower, with more consideration. Dean walks them towards Castiel’s bedroom, gently laying him down on the unmade bed.
“Erhm,” came a voice from behind them and they broke the kiss, still holding onto each other. They turned to look at the source and met the stern look of an older lady, standing with her small grandchild, who looked at them with wide eyes. Castiel blushed and mumbled an excuse, while Dean only giggled.
“Yeah, uh, no problem,” he said, voice rougher than usually, earning him a glance from Dean. He coughed dismissively, leading the way to the endless rows of shelves ahead of them.
“And then,” Jack said nervously, “I can give it to Claire when she comes.”
“What’s the deal with these friggin pencils? They’re like, super tiny. Imagine Sam writing with one, he’s like, huge,” Dean mused five shelves later. He looked at Castiel who was frowning again. “Oh right, you two haven’t met, but I swear, when you see him, he’s a giant. I call him Gigantor, or Sasquatch,” he continued.
When Dean almost
“I enjoyed it, Dean, I really did. You’re beautiful,” he replies, wincing at the dried semen in his slackers as he moves to stand. He looks up to find Dean staring at him, eyes wide and mouth slightly open, movement frozen.
“That’s perfect, Jack,” he said, inspecting the pot carefully, making Jack giggle.
“Dean,” Castiel purred, sneaking a hand under Dean’s shirt, running it along his sides, over his lower back, “please give me the instructions.”
When the speech is over it’s time for mingle, and Castiel gets dragged away by Ash from IT to meet his new ‘padawan’, as he puts it, Kevin Tran, apparently a whizz kid. Poor Kevin seems terrified by Ash and his extravagant ways, but when Castiel gets a moment alone with him he discovers that he’s actually a nice kid, and that he’s really happy about his internship.
Castiel scrambles to sit down and he sinks into his chair, hoping this will all be forgotten soon. He takes out his notebook again to take notes, but he finds Dean’s eyes staring back at him from the page. He rips the page out and folds it, putting it on the desk so he won’t forget to throw it out later.
“Mhm,” comes the reply, muffled against his lips. He begins to pull at Dean’s T-shirt, desperate for skin-on-skin contact, a primal need to
“Uh, I- Sure,” Castiel mumbled, gesturing weakly to the hat in his lap. Dean looked at him with an amused smirk before Castiel came to his senses and picked it up to hand it over to the bull rider.
And, oh, I just fall in love again
And that you will some good instruction give
Castiel picks up the note, torn off from a bigger sheet of paper, edges rough, and he reads:
(See the end of the chapter for
“You big child,” the shorter man grumbled, moving closer to Dean, careful as not to step on nothing but carton. He reached up, trying to grab the paper from Dean, but failing, just like he knew he would. Instead of trying again, he moved even closer, pressing his body flush against Dean’s, nibbling at the larger man’s jaw.
“No one’s ever said that before? Ever? Dean, you work as a stripper for crying out loud,” Castiel says and moves to the other side of the room, circling his arms around Dean’s waist.
I would, not so!--and would no more endure
The feeling of Dean’s tongue against his, wet and
He has also learnt that Dean loves his car, his brother, film noire and that he’s scared of dogs. On top of all that he has learnt that Dean’s smile can light up a room, and that his laughter can make all Castiel’s troubles go away for a few minutes.
“Thank you boys, that will be fine for now. Please get up from the floor Mr. Winchester, and return to your seats.”
“There you had an example of another romance written by Shakespeare. Can someone tell me what differs between Romeo and Juliet and what we just saw?” Crowley says and almost stabs the board as he draws two columns.
I Just Fall In Love Again - Carpenters
“Hey,” a voice says. And no. He knows that voice. Of course the universe and God above would arrange it so that the very man he was just fantasizing about is standing in front of him, smiling at him. Of course his own Adonis would share his Shakespeare class. “Is this seat taken?”
“I’m far from perfect,” Dean answered, something telling Castiel that Dean had told himself this more than once. “But does that mean-? You waited for me?”
If you be maid or no?”
“It’s nothin’, just had a bad day is all,” Dean mumbled, “’m glad you’re home.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Castiel begins, “I wasn’t aware that I’m supposed to bring something.” He tries to convey that he isn’t familiar with the term ‘party trick’, but the man just laughs. On his nametag is written DEAN in large letters. Dean takes a sip from his beer and looks at Castiel. Castiel glances back and it isn’t until now he notices that this ‘Dean’ is good looking. Ridiculously good looking come to think of it. He wears an ugly green sweater with a reindeer on, and across it was written ‘Oh Deer’ in bright red. Castiel actually laughs.
He fiddled with the label on his beer bottle, tearing away piece by small piece, his mind wandering back to his thesis. He really loved what he was studying, but he was still waiting for inspiration to strike. He had re-read the same articles, googled on the same subjects and stared at the same blank screen for weeks now and he just grew more and more frustrated. He knew he wanted to write about children and their access to libraries, but he just couldn’t find the right angle.
“Yes, sure, but-“
Dean opened his eyes and peeked at Castiel, and when their eyes met Castiel’s heart skipped a beat. Dean’s singing continued, but Castiel could barely hear the words anymore. One song bled into the next, and Dean kept glancing over at Castiel.
“I’d love that, Dean.”
“Yes?”
7.10 pm:
“What? Did I say something?”
“Hey, frowny face, you coming?” Dean asked through the open car door, snapping Castiel from his thoughts.
Three months have passed since the awkward first meeting. Castiel has met Dean for coffee a few times and dinner once a week. It feels nice, and not nearly as weird as he’d thought it’d be. Dating the stripper your brother hooked you up with for your birthday can be all kinds of weird. But it isn’t. Castiel doesn’t want to think too much about why it’s not weird, he just “goes with the flow” as Dean says.
“I think I’ve heard about the first two, the Swede and the Italian? But the last two, no idea, sorry,” Castiel says apologetic, slowly taking another bite of the Christmas pudding, far too sweet for him, but he feels Zachariah’s eyes on him, so he swallows and smiles slightly. Dean leans in and whispers.
I couldn't really let Professor Cas and Mechanic Dean go, so here's a super short epilogue!
“Dean, give me the damn instruction pamphlet,” he whispered huskily, licking in the shell of Dean’s ear. Dean just shook his head. “Well, then you give me no choice,” Castiel mumbled, reaching into Dean’s pants and grabbing his half-hard cock. Dean’s hips stuttered as he gasped.
Castiel once again fell asleep watching Dean’s hat on top of his wardrobe, wondering why he didn’t just leave it at the bar and tried to forget that this had even happened.
And prompt me, plain and holy innocence!
all the time). Usually attention makes him uneasy, but now the part of his heart that belongs to Dean just grows for every time Dean looks at him like he’s the most interesting man ever to walk the earth.
over Jack’s head.
“No, but-“
7.11 pm:
“I would very much like to meet Sam, from what you have told me, I get the feeling that he and I would get along very well,” Castiel answered while checking the price tag on a walnut shelf, huffing before moving along to something more his price class.
Were I but where 'tis spoken.”
When Dean opens his eyes a while later, hips still rolling, although a bit quicker than earlier, they’re hooded with lust, and a blush is spreading on the freckled cheeks Castiel has come to adore. Dean eases up closer towards Castiel’s stomach, letting his hips roll down two inches away from Castiel’s groin. Too far away. Not near enough. Castiel growls and grabs onto Dean’s hips, trying to urge him closer.
The way I hold you and the night just seems to fly
Castiel moves to leave, he has long since fulfilled his duty, and now nothing is holding him here. He’s going to go home, relax, and have a quiet Christmas alone with his cat, Balthazar, just like last year. No fuss, no mess, no complicated relations. He reaches the door to the hallway, and feels a hand on his shoulder pulling him back.
“Or he got real lucky,” Gabriel smirked and wiggled his eyebrows, “did you smuggle Dean into your room last night?”
“Damn, this is good,” Dean says and hands it back, an honest smile on his face when Castiel finally looks up. He mumbles a quiet ‘thank you’ and turns to face the front, Professor Crowley demanding attention.
He’s also learnt that he hates it when Dean says ‘good night Cas’. He hates it when Dean leaves for his own room.
This is looking out to be a rather wonderful Christmas after all, he thinks as he walks home, Dean’s number waiting in his phone for when he gets home, and perhaps he’ll even learn a party trick or two.
“If you would like to look here, in the catalogue, I can show you our different shelves. Of course BILLY is a classic, and it’s cheap but I personally like EXPEDIT because-“ the girl talked on about shelves, but Castiel zoned out, eyes on Dean’s, smile growing on his face. They stood close, listening to the girl, humming when it seemed appropriate, eyes looking at the pages but not really seeing, Castiel’s focus on Dean’s hand so close to his, their arms pressed together, heat radiating through layers upon layers of clothes. Every now and then he felt Dean’s foot against his or Dean’s fingers bump his underneath the table, making it really hard to focus on the employee standing before them.
“But what, Dean?” Castiel said, sliding his hand along the smooth surface of a white BILLY.
“Dean,” he says and looks up at him, blue eyes locking on green, “listen to me. You are so beautiful I can’t believe you’re real, and that you’d want me. On the outside, and even more so on the inside, okay? Dean, I-“
“And let me guess, you want me to be thankful for that? That you didn’t give me chaps and a cowboy hat?” Castiel muttered.
“Do you want to be relieved of that pudding? I can help,” Castiel shudders at the closeness and nods, his nose almost brushing against Dean’s cheek. He hadn’t known that it could feel so good, only being close to someone else, being paid attention, being smiled at. Castiel nods and Dean quickly swaps their plates when Zachariah’s looking away.
Easy, for you to take me to a star
“Hey, uh, do you know anything other in German?” Dean asks, apparently still interested and Castiel’s head snaps back towards Dean. Castiel eyes him for a second, just to be sure, before answering.
No wonder, sir;
“Hold on,” Dean said, mouthing at Castiel’s neck, moving his hands back to the wall to steady himself before he began rolling his hips again. Their erections fit perfectly between their stomachs, sliding smooth with precome. Castiel dropped his head to rest at the wall, beginning to meet Dean’s rolls, gasping, moaning, writhing.
“Cas, dude, chill, okay? I’m not ready to have
The audience booed at first, but it turned quickly into wolf-whistling and whooping at Dean’s last comment.
Castiel sighs. He’s forgotten the towel. Again. This is the third time this week. College life really isn’t something for him. Sharing shower rooms with others. Bringing your towel every time. Or well, not bringing your towel apparently.
“I’m hardly a professor, I’m a kindergarten teacher,” he corrects, pouting a bit. But that part is just for show.
“Yeah, that must be it,” Castiel answered absentmindedly, wondering what he had done to scare Dean away without even talking to him this time.
“Exactly like that, you’re doing a great job Jack,” Cas complimented, and Jack beamed. Dean watched as they carefully planted the clipping, Jack’s small fingers pressing down on the soil. Sensing that they were done, he hoisted one of the paper bags up again, the rustling sound making Jack look around.
“Of course, honey, but then you would have to take care of it and look after it, okay?” Cas said, brushing away a stray hair from Jack’s forehead. Jack nodded again, and Dean recognised that look anywhere. Jack had an idea; one he didn’t want to share just yet. Usually, it was him trying to cook breakfast, ending with a not so quiet pattering of feet asking Dean if he could open the refrigerator, or a very complicated game that took half an hour to explain and that made the four year old very exasperated when his parents didn’t understand.
He went to bed as soon as he got home to their shared apartment, he couldn’t stand his friends glee another second. Castiel carefully placed Dean’s hat on top of his wardrobe, hoping it would stay out of sight out of mind. It didn’t. In the faint light coming from the street below he couldn’t help but let his eyes drift towards it again and again, falling asleep to thoughts of freckles and Dean’s laughter.
“Oh,” he breathes and presses a kiss of his own to Dean’s lips, the beer making itself known. He had always been a lightweight.
He woke up the next morning, with a poorly formulated plan. Castiel would take his bike over to the Roadhouse and leave Dean’s hat at the bar, and then just not return the coming Friday. Dean was obviously not interested, so it felt wrong to keep his hat.
Just as he had decided to leave the voice on the speaker sounded through the bar once again.
“Shit, I’m sorry,” Dean exclaimed, “I told Ash to tell you why I left, but I guess he didn’t.” Dean looked truly sorry and for a moment Castiel almost let himself believe that it had all been a misunderstanding, and that Dean actually was interested.
Of two most rare affections! Heavens rain grace
“You don’t? You haven’t seen Gene Kelly’s Singin’ in the Rain? The scene with the tap dancing in the rain? You know, I read that they blended the water with milk, so that when it splashes you can see it better. And apparently Gene Kelly had a high fever when they shot it and Debbie Reynolds, who’s the mother of Carrie Fisher, Princess Leia, by the way, she was apparently bullied by- Sorry, I’ll stop rambling now, I seem a bit nerdy perhaps…” Dean says, blushing a bit and copying Castiel’s fiddling with his fork. Come to think of if, isn’t it a thing, that if someone copies your movements, leans in when you do, crosses their legs when you’ve crossed yours, that they’re interested? Could Dean really be interested? Castiel had barely said a word.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean mumbles, grinding down harder, joining Castiel’s rhythm. Castiel closes his eyes and moans when Dean’s lips lock with his, losing himself in the sensations.
“Do I want it back or did I want an excuse to talk to you? Who knows?” Dean whispered theatrically, before turning to leave. He turned back around and said with a wink, “You can always return it next week.”
“So beautiful like this, Cas,” Dean mumbled, lowering his head to rest at the other man’s shoulder. He put his hands on the wall underneath Castiel’s arms.
The very instant that I saw you, did
“Uh, no it’s my first time,” Castiel almost whispered, staring down at his hands. “My friends made me come. I’m Castiel.”
But certainly a maid.”
The flesh-fly blow my mouth. Hear my soul speak:
“N-No, Cas, I won’t let you get-
Castiel takes a deep breath and looks up at Dean again, who’s still smiling at him. Or perhaps he’s Ferdinand smiling at his Miranda. Nonetheless, the smile is reassuring, so Castiel tries again.
My language! heavens!
“You know what,” Gabriel interjected, “now that you say it, you really should have had a hat. We’ll get you one at the Roadhouse!” Castiel just sighed and slumped in his seat.
“This is a bad idea Charlie, I should go,” Castiel mumbled, but instead of leaving he leaned against the bar stool by their table, torn between his want to see Dean again and his want to not be embarrassed further.
And all the more it seeks to hide itself,
7.05 pm:
“No can do, angel,” Dean smirked and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s forehead.
“No, he- we didn’t talk,” Castiel sighed and ran his free hand through his still wet hair, making it stick up in all directions. “I’m on my way to the Roadhouse now to give this back,” he waved Dean’s hat weakly, “I just want to forget about this.”
“Hi there,” Dean said confidently, and walked around Castiel to lean against the table. “Any chance of getting my hat back?”
Castiel almost giggles through the rest of his classes and all the way back to his dorm, and when he’s finally back in his room he throws himself on his bed, smiling goofily at the note. He digs through his pocket to find his phone, and composes a quick text to Dean.
“Mr. Novak, you read as Miranda act one, scene two, starting at line 422 ‘I might call him…’ and Mr. Winchester, you read as Ferdinand same act, same scene, and if you’re somewhat clever you can figure out when it’s your line,” Crowley barks and stares at them, urging them to start.
Once inside Castiel walked directly to the large information wall, and not before long he found where he should be looking. He turned to point it out to Dean, who was nowhere to be found. Castiel sighed, they had only walked through the doors. How could he already have lost Dean?
Castiel turned around and saw Dean crawl out from under the mechanic bull, a wrench in one hand and a rag in the other.
7.12 pm:
Once he entered their shared living room, Gabriel and Balthazar looked at him with Dean’s hat in hand.
“It’s another party trick,” Dean says and points over their heads, a green mistletoe hanging in the doorway. Castiel was sure that hadn’t been there when he came. He looks at Dean suspiciously, still incredibly close, but he can’t find it in him to be the first one to move away.
“Yeah, I, um, couldn’t let you leave without- uh yeah, so I called in a favor from Charlie,” Dean whispers, breath hot on Castiel’s ear.
“Are you leaving, Cas?” he hears a voice ask, and he turns, colliding with Dean, who grabs hold of his arms to prevent him from falling. They’re almost nose to nose and Castiel nods.
for the third time, possibly over some outdoor lounge chair or something like that, Castiel leaned forwards, kissing him silent. Dean shut up immediately, hands wrapping around Castiel’s waist, bringing him close.
“Well Cas,” Dean smiled, suddenly his confident self again, “In that case, do you want to join me in feeding some calves?”
As bondage e'er of freedom: here's my hand,” Dean says and goes down on one knee, but that’s just for show. Castiel can practically hear Crowley roll his eyes when the redhead at the front wolf whistles.
Castiel sighed and sat down, eyes already glued on the stage. Much like the week before Dean entered the stage, basking in the spotlight and the audience’s cheers. He caught Castiel’s eyes quickly and shot him a genuine and surprised smile. Castiel couldn’t help but smile back. Charlie smacked his arm and mouthed an oh-my-god-did-that-just-happen to which Castiel shrugged timidly.
“Yeah, you would, but uh-“ Dean began, looking everywhere but at Castiel.
What best is boded me to mischief! I
Dean smiled back at him, sleep threatening to take over. He hugged Castiel harder before repositioning them in a more comfortable sleeping position.
“Yes, of course,” Castiel replied and stepped out of the car, closing the door carefully behind him. One of the few things he had already learned about Dean was that the second most important thing in Dean’s life, after his younger brother, was his car. If Castiel was asked to guess, he’d say that pie came in a close third, judging by the obscene noises Dean had made the previous evening, when Castiel had baked him a thank-you-for-the-help-even-if-I’m-weird-and-you-don’t-really-know-me-pecan-pie.
A loud booming voice over the speakers jolted him back to the Roadhouse, causing him to almost spill his beer.
,” Castiel gasped when Dean decided that two could play this game, and pushed one leg between Castiel’s, pressing up against the other man’s erection. Castiel began grinding down on Dean’s leg as he continued to stroke Dean, precome leaking down his hand. When Castiel ran his hand over Dean’s sack, enough was enough.
“I love you,” he whispers, and Castiel’s eyes crinkle with his smile. They kiss again, soft and passionate and full of everything that they can’t possibly hope to encompass just with three little words.
“No cards,” he says quietly. “No crystal ball. I already know what your future holds, Dean Winchester.”
They carefully move around each other, Cas’s fingers against Dean’s side and Dean leaning into the touch just a little, and then step back. Dean picks up the plate of burger patties he’d left on the counter by the fridge. “Your mom cooks?” Castiel asks, moving out of Dean’s way to let him get back to the stove.
Dean twists his lips up in a quick, bitter smile. Is he always this annoying when he’s interrogating people? Other-Dean looks a couple years younger than he is right now, that’s for sure. Hopefully that explains it. “I’m looking for Cas,” Dean tells him, already impatient to cut to the quick of all this. Every second here is a second he’s wasting. “Fucking idiot got zapped somewhere, so now it’s up to me to go find him, I guess, which is why I jumped over into your universe.”
gaze that’s already driving Cas wild.
Lying on the ground underneath him, his wings sprawled out to each side, blue eyes wide and earnest and fixed on Dean. It’s as though time slows to a halt, just for a moment.
Show some love to the original
something that Castiel ever tolerates, but just might make an exception for the right person).
—will fall into place. He smiles, sharp and cold and ruthless, and in the darkness of the room, his eyes flicker to black.
The chuckle comes again, rich and amused as it winds its way down Castiel’s spine and all the way out to his fingertips. “I don’t think so,” the voice muses. “Maybe you’ll get lucky next time, but for now, I’ve got other asses to save. None quite as nice as yours, though, detective. I’ll catch ya round.”
It would be easy to figure out something for breakfast with the help of his magic, but right now, Dean feels far too empty and exhausted for that. Instead, he resigns himself to his grumbling stomach, and wonders just how long he’ll be able to hide out here before someone from the castle comes looking for him.
“I understand,” Castiel says quietly, and he only meets Dean’s gaze for a second, but it’s so full of raw anguish and grief that Dean takes a step back, as though Castiel’s pain is a physical force.
Dean slides into the booth first, his back against the wall, and for a moment Castiel feels compelled to slide in next to him, press in close and wrap his arm around the sub’s shoulders. Feel his warmth, his grounding presence.
Castiel’s favourite thing to do is watch the sun rise.
But, once again, his hands land solidly on Dean’s shoulders, and he gives them a gentle squeeze. “Come on,” he tells Dean, his voice soft. Every word feels like it’s breaking his heart even more. “Let’s join them up on the hill.”
Castiel disentangles himself from Dean’s octopus grip enough to reach for his phone and snooze the alarm. Does he bite the bullet and get up now, or give himself another five minutes?
Dean knew, as soon as he laid eyes on Castiel Novak, that this was the man he would go to the ends of Heaven and Earth for.
There’s nothing like the relief that accompanies the end of a hunt.
Castiel starts, looking away from the scene for the first time in… well, he can’t really tell any more. He’d assumed that he was alone here, cut off from the world in time and space and almost every aspect, but the voice… it had been talking to him.
There’s only so long Dean can tease before he gets tired of it and finally pulls his t-shirt up and over his head, tossing it aside without a care as to where it lands.
Castiel is the colour of lightning.
He parks the car just down the road from the run-down farmhouse where the monsters are holed up, and his heart beats double-time in his chest as he checks his weapons and slides his phone into his pocket just in case anything goes sideways. With one final, steeling breath, he twirls his machete and sets off towards the farmhouse.
He finds a creek on his way back to the camp and cleans himself off enough to get rid of Cas’s scent and the smell of sex, then follows the water downstream. By the time he reaches the camp, the sun has risen, creeping slowly above the trees and the city of tents that stretches out before him.
They end up in the kitchen together, Dean making bacon and eggs while Castiel focuses on the coffee. He takes his time to check on and water his plants while their breakfast cooks, and Dean watches him over the edge of his mug of coffee with a smile. “This place is real homey, Cas.”
All hell breaks loose.
agree to having a drink, even if it had maybe been for a different reason to the one he’d originally expected…
Sometimes, though… he talks.
And so he stays, and he keeps the graves and their visitors company.
He leans against the headstone and hugs his knees up to his chest. The tears flow freely now: for himself, for his father, what could have and should have and never came to be.
But still. What he has… it has to be enough. He has to make peace with it, because he doesn’t have any choice.
good. Castiel grasps him by the jaw and kisses him, hot and hard, putting every single ounce of desire and gratitude and
He turns back towards the water, shielding his eyes against the sun and squinting as he looks out across the cove. For a few moments, Dean just watches him, confused, until the angel grins and points out at the water.
He’s standing at the edge of the forest, dressed much more casually today but still with that raven mask hiding his face. It looks different in the sunlight, without the silver of the moon and the ethereal lighting of the ball, but no less fitting.
It’s cold out. Dean has the collar of his coat turned up against the winter air, beanie pulled down snug over his ears, and Cas is equally bundled up.
It means he’s special.
The guy shrugs his shoulders. “This is where a lot of our local farmers sell their products, so you’ve come to the right place. What are you selling?”
But in the end, none of that matters.
(See the end of the chapter for
The music gets louder as Dean shoves the front door open and steps into his apartment, shoving the door closed behind him. The huge window of their tiny studio is uncovered today, paint-splattered makeshift curtains pushed to either side as far as they’ll go, and the setting sun throws the apartment into sharp relief.
Where Dean
Surely Dean can tell that yes, it’s incredible, it’s everything he’d ever hoped it could be when he’d first laid eyes on Dean in the tattoo shop. But in case he can’t—or in case he wants to
“Hindsight is twenty-twenty, Dean.”
his work life was good.
A bead of sweat rolls down Dean’s forehead inside his helmet.
“I love you,” he whispers when they break apart for air. “Thank you for being there with me. I couldn’t have done that without you. Not then, and definitely not without all the ways you’ve shown me I can be better this past year.”
“Cas, are you
"Here we are," Uriel announces as they approach the drawbridge, which has been lowered in preparation of their arrival. The horses' hooves clatter on the wood as they canter across—and then they're inside the walls.
Their quarantine may be over, but in so many ways, today is just the beginning.
, Cas. He teases Dean for a few moments longer, sucking a mark just below his collarbone, then slowly lowers himself down Dean’s body. It’s slow—it
“It’s more than just being a Dom, Castiel.” Benny glances over at the door to the kitchen, making sure that Dean is still occupied elsewhere, then turns his attention back to Castiel. “Dean and I are friends—that’s all we’ll ever be, and we’re both fine with that. But you… he sees a future with you. He wants you as more than just a friend, or as friends with benefits, or whatever the hell you’ve been calling it in your head.”
before he’s fighting for his life.
While he doesn’t really
And Dean’s heart breaks.
, continued.
Is Dean.
Dean might be in trouble here.
It’s a kind offer. “Thank you,” he says, giving her a quick smile that he doesn’t feel. He won’t go, but at least it means she’s looking out for him.
, and looking like
(and, occasionally, just because I felt like it).
They stand on the edge of a pebbled beach looking out over the open water. The air is crisp, pure, and the only sounds to break the silence is the gentle lap of waves and the occasional call of a far-off bird. Mountains rise around them, bracketing in the peaceful cove, and when Dean turns to take in the rest of the spectacular beauty, he sees a small cabin nestled amongst the trees, lit in golden yellow from inside and with smoke gently curling out of the chimney and dissipating into the sky.
There’s just one problem.
But then he thinks of the weedless field, and all the jobs that still have to be done in order to get the farm back into working order, and he forces himself not to dwell on his body’s aches.
Castiel pulls the collar of his coat up against the cold and the damp, and leans back against the brick wall of the alleyway.
Castiel can’t keep his smile off his face as he holds the shirt up and appraises it, then steps away from the wardrobe, making his decision. Paired with a tie and his fanciest coat, it’ll be perfect.
Instead of trying to read the clothes that brush against his fingers as people push past, he follows Dean, who moves through the crowd as though he belongs there. There’s a moment when he turns as though to check that Castiel is still there, when the dim lighting catches across his face and illuminates his smile, that steals Castiel’s breath away.
“I am,” Castiel tells him. His whole family is from this state, born and bred. “You?”
It’s all fun and games and ‘social distancing’ jokes… until Cas starts coughing.
It’s a strange thing, to watch your own body be carried, cleaned, placed into a coffin. He’s so
They hadn’t been sure if they’d ever be able to cross over, but the fading paired with the tugging feeling behind Dean’s sternum that has only grown stronger over time…
The counter is no longer empty. Instead, there’s a man standing behind it, arms crossed casually over his chest and one hip leaning against the wooden surface. Dean takes in the blue eyes, the deep voice, the dark purple hair, and feels his heart skip a beat.
Castiel allows himself a pleased smile, then rises up onto his knees once more. His hands smooth over Dean’s thighs, and his lips follow, adorning his skin with kisses and grazes of teeth. He moves upwards, until he’s almost at Dean’s cock, then continues to kiss and tease over the V of his hips until Dean is almost shaking with the self-restraint it takes to keep still.
His little secret.
“Did you get an email from Adler last night?” he asks as they climb the stairs to Adler’s office side by side.
Well, they’re not anything.
, he thinks to himself, then gently shuts his laptop. Research and conversations and further understand can wait until tomorrow.
When they separate, Castiel is just is breathless as he had been before, and Dean’s grin shines brighter than the stars.
But now that he’s got a lot more experience under his belt, researching with Cas is so much easier. He’s spent enough time with the Winchesters by now to know a lot more about the process, and working cases, and working
It’s a few days before the Fourth of July, and everyone seems to be at the fair tonight, enjoying themselves beneath the carnival lights with sweat sticky on their skin. Castiel can still taste cotton candy on his tongue, and there’s a giddiness beneath his skin as he looks up at the Ferris wheel from where’s he’s seated.
It’s been years since he’s seen one, but Castiel will never forget the sight of a gun.
The books would know—the ones he’d tried to read when he’d started feeling like this, so tense and tightly wound sometimes. Surely someone out there knew, understood, had put pen to paper about it. So he’d sought the help of words, of those who know their field, and they had said:
directed at Dean—and nods in her direction. "I can certainly do that. Just let me finish plating up my pasta, and then..." He makes a show of checking his watch, smiling. "I
Castiel has never once in his life lived dangerously, but he nods anyway, only the barest hint of a smile indicating that he’s joking. “I’ve been known to flirt with danger,” he deadpans, and Dean laughs out loud this time.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says softly, smiling that smile that will always melt Castiel’s heart.
Apart from the video game audio, his apartment is quiet, undisturbed—so when the printer in the corner of his lounge room suddenly whirs to life, he almost jumps a foot in the air.
“I don’t suppose you’ll just let me go?” he asks, but there’s an undercurrent of steel to his words that tells Dean he’s ready to fight his way out of here if he needs to.
Hannah flips back a few pages, scanning her own handwriting until she finds it.
. To have someone to share his grief with.
, but in reality… it hasn’t.
He curls his fingers in Dean’s hair, scratches his nails gently against his scalp, and urges him a little deeper. The head of his cock slides between Dean’s lips and onto his tongue, and
“You always have a choice, Dean,” Castiel whispers. His thumb rubs gently across Dean’s skin. “
Does Cas even still feel that way about him? Or has he moved on already, too over Dean and the consuming nature of his career to care?
They turn to face the crowd, still cheering wildly, and bow to the royal box. No matter how often he and Cas compete, and how often they compete against
They take turns washing each other, and having Dean’s fingers running through his hair and over his skin feels almost as good as the blowjob on the couch had been, in a completely different but still incredible way. It’s so
“Thank you, sir,” Castiel says, taking a seat. He still can’t quite believe that this is happening—to still be so young, but to already be noticed for his work by the director? It’s a dream come true.
a storm before?" Dean asks, trying to gauge just how fucked this guy might be if a tornado does touch down today.
“Morning, Cas!” he says as he unlocks the front door and pulls it open. “You coming to visit me today, are you?”
The next few seconds feel like some of the longest in all of Castiel’s existence, but finally,
It hadn’t even been a minute between Castiel sending the text and Dean replying, and he’s not quite sure what to make of that. He doesn’t want to get his hopes up—doesn’t even know if he
Castiel’s cemetery is blanketed in a thin layer of snow, everything powder-white and perfectly still.
They hold each other's gazes, staring each other down. Novak breaks first, looking down at his chopping board, and that's Dean's cue to turn away. He's got work to do today, after all—more work than he'd planned—and it's going to take every ounce of control that he has not to throttle the man behind him with his own fucking apron.
Naomi smiles thinly. Beside her, Zachariah smirks like a smug toad, as though reuniting mother and son is the best thing he’s ever done. For once, though, Adler is the least of Castiel’s worries.
From the shallow rise and fall of his chest, it’s clear that he’s still alive, at least, but whether he was injured in the crash, Cas can’t be sure. There’s a cut on his forehead that’s been bleeding sluggishly, and he still hasn’t come to, but the longer he can stay unconscious, the better that is for Castiel.
Dean was propped on the side of the table, he looked up at the ceiling before he took a deep breath; he tried to direct his focus back in front of him, Dean tried to process his own emotions at the moment. It seems he might be a tad jealous that his other version of Dean. He was much closer to Cas but why would that matter to this dean? Well, they used to be very close but he's still trying to get past the forgiving part of this whole situation. The Hunter wondered why he couldn't get control of himself. It puzzled him, which is saying a bit. Dean finished his first drink before going to another, he wouldn't be surprised If anyone walked in or followed him, Sam did say something before he left, but he doesn't know what he said to Cas. he'd probably rather not know
Castiel observed how he moved closer to him, something about the fondness of the man's eyes made Cas want to blush but he didn't. His eyes knew what he was seeing, he wouldn't allow his mind to deceive the harsh reality of things, and that is why
Dean listened to Cas closely, He tried to wrap the words around his head but that didn't fully clear up. The last phrase that Cas was so rudely interrupted by; He actually smiled a bit at the statements that Cas said while sitting just right across him. He's rendered speechless but he isn't sure of what to say, thank you? or something that would be the blandest answer. He's not really intoxicated and he isn't quite sure how to assess this without it making it too awkward “You were about to say something else” Dean cut Cas off after he finished the last line “I don't know, you seemed desperate to tell me something else other than all of that” Dean may be a bit pushy at the moment but he felt it might be something more, he just wanted to be right about this, but he would need that confirmation from Cas
Dean swallowed deeply, he didn’t say much at the time but he knew something was going to go down. He'll need to act quickly. Dean looked over to Sam and Jack, this should be the queue to get to it. They don't have a lot of time, and he even knew god is being held in one of the rooms by Amara currently. He spoke to Amara a while ago and he trusted the darkness to not give into God's plan at most he hoped that She wouldn’t. Dean does remember that God wanted to start a life with Amara, one without pain and one without sorrow, Chuck was able to get Amara to merge with one another and create balance but that isn’t going to happen this time.
Dean was in the process of trying to speak with his brother, he knew that Sam hadn't exactly been himself lately, he'd gotten the key from Chuck and hadn't been acting normal. Other than that Dean is pretty content with everything, the only difference is that he isn’t on speaking terms with Cas. The hunter finally let's go of attempting to help Sam. Dean walked to the main part of the bunker he sought for Jack
the question that popped out of Jack's mouth was so out of the blue- something he thought no one would ask him. Why did it feel weird for him to just hear it now? Dean could leave, he really could, but... he needs to own up to his own problems. The hunter exhaled a little he's still trying to figure out his own emotions but he might as well get them out. He's told Jack how he really felt and honestly it was like a weight was taken off of him so he will do it again. Dean nodded, maybe the thought of it brought content to the man. He sighed a little with a little bit of a chuckle in the mix “Yeah...yeah, I really do” Dean actually smiled this time around, it wasn't in a sarcastic way either. This was his truth, and truth alone
“Dean- Dean!” Cas reached towards Dean, this is awfully bad. Both of them are quite literally cornered. He had to take Dean away from her, if only he had his wings they would fly but that now is impossible. The angel gripped the man's bicep to make him move away from death’s glaring contest with Billie. They needed to leave, if Billie got inside the locked room chuck is in, everything will be ruined. The angel’s main focus was to protect Dean he also HAS to protect dean, he has to
The Angel had been through a real and very personal bender, he once again, decided to drink as much beer as he could possibly drink. When the beer was over in the bunker the guilt and worries started piling upon him. Before he got to come back to the bunker looking like an actual mess. He went to buy a new pack of beer so the hunters would not wine over it, mostly Dean since Sam is not that much of the drinking type. He waved himself at the roads, tripping a few times since his wings felt heavy to fly right now, and his eyes were almost dilated with how much he had drunk. It's almost terrifying that an angel got so drunk, since it's almost impossible but drinking, stealing all the liquor in a stop was never a good idea, and then doing so to another shop, and another one.
The Richer Sam’s posture was straight and delicate, he looked proud of himself for having style. What he enjoyed only was the impala and the freedom...he wondered how can their other-selves live in circumstances like this? he truly misses his father and the expensive scotch, they would drink. He even misses the pilots that always whine how they are late for their flight to Australia, it's exhausting but this looks even more exhausting especially when there is no whiskey to fuel them up or his father's encouragement. “It's been wonderful meeting you two.” the Richer Sam chimed with glee “We are so grateful you saved us!”
Billie stood straight closer to the table with the scythe in her hand. She looked at Team Free Will, She wondered what the plan was and with Dean, he worked with her at the time Death felt she could trust Dean. The original plan was for Jack to prepare himself to become a literal bomb but it looked like she overheard the conversation. That will not happen, and she isn’t pleased, not one bit. She initially wanted to be a god but she isn't going to receive that and that's only building onto her anger “Hello boys” She held onto the scythe with a pretty good grip “Dean, is everything set?”
Dean cleared up, he remembers when he had the discussion about love with Jack and how crazy it was, Steak through the heart and that may be true love- but that isn't it. And it never was. He wanted to avoid this type of conversation but it's almost one in the morning and Dean is just drinking himself to sleep at this point, there's nothing else new about this
Jack held the edges of his book, paper-thin enough that it rippled and a loud clap like the sound was heard as he closed it, dust flew onto the air while doing a said thing but the smile was visible looking at dean contently, he dad was one spectacular human being and their time together has actually enlightened Jack about the world and how it is. His favorite thing to do with Dean is fishing, he liked movies but those pop-culture jokes he cracked from time to time Jack doesn't understand them, as for the references, he sometimes gets them, but so much.
The Hunter watched Jack rush over to him so quickly, and no he wasn't hurt. “No Jack I-” Dean looked at the kid he was about to heal him but the Nephilim stopped. He looked at Jack with a blank expression for a couple of seconds “Cas is fine, Billie didn't make it out which is good” Dean simply replied he turned around when he heard the Angel come back into the room, it feels so surreal to think about it but they were finally free. Something that was well deserved for a long time, every living human thing is back on earth and the news is already all on it. Dean exhaled deeply in relief,  even so, why doesn't Dean believe this. He still didn't make eye contact with Cas, he needed to clean himself up and he needed to settle down because there was so much to process in that time "I'm going to go get cleaned up" Dean mentioned,  that broke the random tension that might arise from how quiet it was
Their life is now something they have full control of. The running around like trapped rats controlled for their whole life has been over days now, weeks but in a way, it doesn't even feel like it. It's unimaginable how hard it must be for Dean, Castiel, and Sam to now have a life of their own. Somehow they still go after monsters that are left and probably will continue existing for a long time still. Their lives we’re settled but unstable. That makes everyone feel out of line; like the ropes that held everyone together broke apart. Jack can see it, he can understand what the other issues are except for the fact that Dean, the person that showed so much anger and the person that managed to hold every single emotion to himself; came clean to someone like Jack, a member that had been called by Dean himself once "not a member of the Family"...It feels good to now have an apology that he finds comfort in.
His eyebrows almost touched each other as he frowned gently, looking at Dean, listening to what he had to say. He and Castiel have one very complicated relationship and it makes Jack confused to say the least, though he can see the signs from Dean's sides too, and that hurts his heart, it hurts having Dean so desperate to explain his emotions, how the missing pieces that will only be healed once Cas's piece slots right there, right into Dean's chassis.
regrets were already smothering him whole, he wondered if Dean's forest fire is what makes him feel so awful if that's what makes him not being able to say a word, cause the fear of the fire increasing in dean's mind is always there and that makes Cas shiver in abhorrence
Dean looked over at Jack, he didn't expect the kid to join him at the table. Quite honestly it's the opposite of what you'd want to do. Sit here and ponder about how to defeat someone who can control all of space and time. Dean was in the middle of typing on his keyboard when Jack asked that simple question “I don't exactly know, I don't want any of us to take it but it doesn't look like we really have a choice do we?” Dean stopped typing and glanced up at Jack “The last time I remember, Amara and I had this weird- uh attraction to one another I didn't exactly understand it at the time but it was hard to resist her. Sammy was supposed to take the mark from Amara but that didn't work out in the end.” Dean placed his elbows onto the table, he seemed affixed on trying to find different ways out of this but he doesn't even know what he's suggesting at this point, god has played them more than he can count, He doesn't exactly understand what is happening at this point but this needs to be done.
Dean has finished up his second beer. He still was gazing up at the ceiling for a good solid three minutes before he heard Cas. He doesn't actually want to go on the hunt they may go on but even so, cases were enough to distract them all from Chuck's doings and weird awful plans even so. Seeing his other version self doing that destroyed his mood for the day. Dean finally looked over in Cas's direction “Yeah, I don't think I'm going to go this time” Dean blandly said, he didn't have any specific tone to it but even so there's a very little hint of sorrow in the mix. Dean's finally figured out what he was feeling;  wasn't pleasant in any sense or sort. Dean placed his bottle into the recycling before he walked towards the exit, the Hunter simply pats Cas's shoulder before he departed from the kitchen.
The tip of Castiel’s fingers caressed through each of his other hand's knuckles gently, specifically thinking about how he did watch a movie with a really bulky looking purple giant called Thanos obsessive over something called infinity stones. And how he wanted to destroy fifty presents of the population, and it snapped to Cas, the angel made eye contact with Dean who was currently leaned over the sink “Dean… God is not Thanos, he will definitely destroy all of us a lot easier…” Cas paused for a second, there’s still an uneasy feeling coursing through the angel’s vessel it wouldn’t be something he’d be able to shake off so easily, he continued after thinking about it for a little. “he has done that with all the rest of the universes.” With that thought now out of his mind, he started to focus on what really matters...God is coming and sooner or later they will have to face him, His blue eyes frowned, and they got hooded more, worry obvious in his expression “I know we have a plan Dean...but I can't help but he fearful. I truly believe in us but” he paused and shook his head to look back at Dean. “We have to make this work otherwise we will be doomed, we need to be free Dean.”
Jack huffed out, his chest was heavy. Human emotions were hard to handle but he had to manage through. He nodded at Sam before he touched the taller hunter's arm. The Nephilim manage to teleport both of them to the correct place. He only can really hope that Amara is part of this because the worry in him will not go away, and it’s going to continue to eat him until he finally knows.
Dean looked over to Cas he was about to say something, quite honestly he doesn't know what to do. They were going to run out of options. He tapped his foot impatiently on the wooden floor, his mind wandered how long it takes for someone to take the mark. It got  Dean more panicked by this but he needed to keep it together. Dean moved with Cas quickly enough, they closer to the entrance to the hallway but not fully there. They’re about eight feet away from the hallway, but where else would they go? Dean doesn't know what he was doing, he really doesn't he wished he didn't agree to work with death, and he wished this never happened but what happens will happen and he knew that both Cas and Dean are dead beat one way or another.
Dean glanced over at the angel walking towards him, He crossed his arms and didn't say anything to Cas, there was nothing even to say. They're still not on the best terms with each other. With everything that happened the hunter can't shake off the whole Mary dying situation, it looks like it's going to stick with him for a while. Dean looked back over to the other version of himself, Dean tilted his head a little in confusion. The other version of himself seemed a bit surprised to see Cas for some reason, Dean wondered why.
Jack stretched and with a flinch, he placed the book back onto the shelf from where he took it from just an hour or so ago. Under his armpit, he held his laptop folded and once all of the books were back in place, he took the laptop out of his unsteady hold and walked back to his room. He left the computer on his bed before he headed back to the main part of the bunker. What got his attention is the small light that's lit alone, a man leaned on the chair with what it seems like liquor on hand.
He did a lot of research in all aspects of family, friendships, and love interests...Humanity is something Jack purely enjoyed learning more about. Jack with a stretch, moved away from the chair, sitting at the edge of it to take his father's hand and with one tight grip, reassuring one “do not believe what my father tells you, Dean..trust me. I know” He gave a warm smile to his dad, a smile that resembled Cas scarily too much, he truly is Castiel's son...
Castiel decided to dwell with his emotions and try to fight back to urge to puke. Thankfully he is an angel after all, and can easily control his human vessel, well his body for the most part. Cas pardoned himself from the kitchen before he left to do whatever he needed to ease this feeling of nausea and sickness.
Dean put away a couple of things in a bag, they'll need to summon god somewhere. A place where it isn't heavily crowded- not that any places aren't crowded. God already wiped out the majority of the population and it's only going to get worse. Dean spread out a map onto the table, his index finger trailed along where they'll be doing this “Alright So, I'm going to need Amara and Jack to do what they can to restrain Chuck from doing anything further. Jack being the beacon for God to be summoned is what we need to get his attention, and once both you use your angelic magic and Amara with her half-darkness powers or whatever you call them we'll be able to take Chuck's mark. That's when Sam comes in and holds out until the mark is fully transferred” Dean explained the plan it's pretty explicitly easy as long as they know what they're doing “Billie is also still after us, we're going to need to deal with her too. She's angry, angrier than before so we can't just go in headfirst yet” Dean turned his attention over to Jack, Sam, then Cas. He kept his gaze hard on the angel for a little before he looked back down at the map, he swallowed deeply... With everything, the world is about the end and he needed to worry less about their future. He needed to focus on what was happening now and how to gain their freedom
Amara the moment she took care of Billie decided to leave, she went off to fix what her brother had done to the rest of the planets, but he doesn't have much hope for that, she is Amara after all, darkness.
He had a hand on Cas's shoulder for a second before he moved in to simply kiss Cas on the cheek. Now that was a bit more far fetched than what he thought he was going to do. The temptation to do it on the lips lingered but he understood this wasn't his world, and he didn't belong here. But seeing this version of Cas made Dean finally believed that there are other worlds. He got really lucky to see the Angel living one last time. The Richer Dean pulled away from the Cas after pressing his soft lips onto the angel's cheek. “I hope the world treats you better than it did to him.”  Dean moved fully away from Cas finally he gave the angel one last smile. If his brother and he didn't leave any sooner Dean probably would have a harder time leaving in the first place. Dean glanced at his brother and gave him a nod; a queue that should indicate they should get going
The Angel’s eyes raised up towards Dean, if he thought Cas was oblivious of the temptation he just had to shove a piece of the pie himself would go unnoticed by Cas. He is naive and it sort of made the angel smile. As for the idea Jack threw out of the blue, it made Cas almost gasp but he only tensed up even more, the more the thought about though. The more he wanted to go with Dean...maybe he could insist “No, Dean.” He said, and after weeks of no words to each other, Castiel finally pushed himself to take a few steps closer to Dean, blue soft eyes focused on the man's calloused shaped face, a Greek God, a sculpture that was made to perfection...The angel has truly missed looking at the hunter's details “I'll go with you…” He said with a gentle voice, the same way he called out Dean back in the day, softly...lovingly even, Castiel's purpose was not to make things awkward but he wants to at least start talking with him again
This Dean seemed to get even quieter. “He couldn't stand seeing me possessed with this mark any longer, and because of this bond, we shared the angel was willing to do anything for me not to deal with it again. He took the mark himself and unfortunately even with him the mark couldn't be contained or controlled, I didn't think with celestials the outcome would be worse but in the end... I had”  Dean looked over to the side, he would feel ashamed telling this Cas “buried him in a Malak box under the ground where he couldn't get to anyone. I don't even know if he's alive or still out there. Either or, It didn't end up well. I didn't have a choice but I didn't want to kill him, I couldn't. Not with an angel blade, and not even with my own hands. So that's what I thought was the best approach for this.” Dean finished his story and looked back at Cas there was guilt written all over it but it changed back to normal after a few minutes
Sam Seeing them, seeing this alternative version of himself had brought more questions on the table. One of them was Chuck's mindset of how his little worlds work...and why would he create more? it scared the smart hunter to points of desperation and confusion, he was smart and had to find ways out. But somehow this god complex that is hovered around him, and with Dean getting worse he’s scared and doesn't exactly know where to begin anymore, but to wait for an outcome with a plan that makes him feel blind...Right now they are back from a mission and have to say goodbyes to their alternative selves. Sam found his other self quite amusing, but the man-bun he despises very much. When Sam walked into the main part of the bunker and saw his older brother speaking to them he thought of barging in. They both spoke to them for a while before he allowed them to leave “Hey.”  He said and looked at the original Dean before he placed his eyes on both the richer Dean and Richer Sam. It's so bizarre looking at yourself like that.
Jack’s eyes had widened at Dean when the hunter acknowledged him, the smile on his lips gently became wider and his eyes softened, he felt relaxed “Yes, Sam showed me how to. I would have helped him more if I could use my powers, but I can't really do that yet” Jack said with a soft almost shamed tone in his voice, The Nephilim felt more like a burden than part of the family but Dean calling him "kiddo" gave him some hope that wasn’t there before. Jack wanted nothing but to be approved by all of his fathers but Dean is a little complicated right now.
Jack let Dean's wrist go and it gave him comfort seeing Dean letting the glass down instead of just downing it all since he could notice the alcohol in his body taking place slowly. At the request to head for sleep, he just nods at the man, maybe he should go to sleep soon. “I will Dean” watching his dad walk away he hoped for something good or just better to happen. A gut feeling told him Dean is gonna talk tonight which is a good thing, right? well, either way..he has a surprise up in mind for all of them coming up, maybe he should organize this tonight instead of sleeping. Jack thought about it a bit more and shrugged it, why not? He took his laptop and turned it on, looking up how to cook specific things and how to organize a big family-like meeting...
Sam gave Dean a confused look, bit glimpses of concern as well. Even with anger that boiled inside his gut towards Cas, bailing them for whatever bender the angel went once more. He couldn't help but also feel worried for him, lately, he has noticed Cas eating a little bit easier but also getting drunk a lot easier, and now a shower- something is wrong. Sam knows He would have replied only if Jack didn't come back in. Sam decided to leave them alone for now and finished cleaning up himself. He decided to make dinner for Team Free Will to ease his mind of the current emotions he’s trying to keep down deep within him.
The Hunter is amused that Cas would remember. Of course, he liked to introduce different types of films to Cas “I know he isn't but god the ending was something... The game of thrones ending was worse anyway” Dean turned back around and he decided to clean the plate instead. He picked up some soap and scrubbed the plate down with some soap and water. “I know, but I do believe this plan will work. Jack is ready and it looks like Sam is ready and I'm sure we will get our freedom and once we do we can finally go on vacation.” Dean thought about this for a little while, he feels this is such an unrealistic state of mind, but this was the only thing that kept him hoping at the moment. He didn’t want to do this plan in the first place but it's the only way they can get their freedom. Dean supposed he should get ready anyway, after he cleaned the plate he placed it neatly back in its original position along with the other plates. Dean started to head toward the steps of the Kitchen, before Dean left he gave the angel a firm shoulder pat before he finally departed. The plan should be in motion in the next couple of hours. Dean is confident this will work out and by the end of this, this will all be a bad daydream.
The last time we went to the cinemas we didn't even watch a movie..but the candy aisle was so good, even with my stomach hurting after eating so many” he said with a chuckle, Jack finished the line happily, he remembered how nice that day was. As for the angel being bigger than that monster, he will agree to that. Castiel is monstrous, taller than a Chrysler building even if that's what he compares himself most of the time, that got Jack to research about building structure, it's amazing what humans can create with knowledge and their hands.
Sam was ready and in position for Jack to transfer the mark.  he needed to be instructed and since he had a bullet wound in his shoulder that would never leave, he had no choice but to bear the mark. The taller hunter has a little bit of chuck inside of him and Chuck has a little bit of Sam inside of him which is why this plan would work better. Sam understood what this will do to him and maybe even if it will be negative, nothing is more important to him now than ever but to get their freedom. Sure he'll have a person locked inside of him but it shouldn't change anything
Jack huffed out, and with whatever he had last, he groaned from exhaustion but fought through it, gripped his jaw tightly, and finally got to seal the gate. God was locked
The Angel finally connected his eyes with the man and it felt liberating in a very weird way, it felt almost surreal to look into this deep beauty, he could never live without it. The question was expected and Cas had to prepare himself for it..and now that's actually asked, he deep down doesn't want to lie, he just wanted to be genuine with everything, even maybe, just maybe, finish what he wanted to say. With a deep inhale he decided to just go for it, and talk about it...obviously, not everything would be told yet “What I said Dean, I meant every word of it” he said, and glanced away before he returned his gaze back into Dean's eyes “you are of the most wonderful and selfless human beings I will ever know. you are... “ He stopped himself there, eyes softening. Just looking at Dean makes the angel's heart flutter, he needs to stop “you are the most loving human being.” He said with an exhale and gentle smile
With the plan put into motion, the hunters are ready for what will happen next. The plan was simple: someone takes the mark, maybe with a little help of Amara which in that time Dean was able to convince the darkness to aid in their plan. They only needed Jack and Amara to do this, they are the only two who are able to lock up god once and for all. Death is still after their asses too, one way or another they’ll have to take care of Billie as well. Dean already messed up on his part since he initially agreed to work with her, Jack. Since he already was part of some plan; to turn into a bomb was the goal to blow up God but in the end. Team Free Will 2.0 decided that plan wasn’t going to end well, not that either of their plans would work well in the first place but this sounded a lot better than the original one.
The Angel’s arm was gripped too tight or at least it felt like so, His eyes darted over to Dean before he focused back on Billie, but before he could even say how that was a naïve move of him. Dean strutted forward to make a decision that Cas deep down knew it would not end up well for neither of them but weirdly enough Billie wasn't fighting the way she should have “Dean!” Cas screamed at him angrily with the thought to fight her,  Dean took the scythe the hunter was lucky enough even with such a reckless move.
Cas’s fingers fell to a relaxed position and he knew exactly what was about to come. He knew exactly what would happen sooner or later and he couldn’t do anything about it. He can't cheat death again, he is trapped between a choice; immediate death or wait till their time comes. Billie is not scared of anything, she’s fearless and Castiel knows that. The blood dripped down from his sliced palm it covered every inch and crease of skin in his palm to a point where all of it was red. The angel didn't even care enough to heal the wound, he was too desperate to find a way out of this, to make sure Dean lived. He has to..until the end, there's an idea left, the only idea left “I know”  he whispered, his voice was rough and tired as he took one deep breath, he turned toward Dean, looking at the man with fear in his eyes. Cas is scared, he doesn't want to leave this world like that but now looking at Dean he can see it. His happiness is right there, and Cas knew exactly what Billie is scared of. the only thing she is scared of. “There is something she is scared of…”
Jack listened to his father that initially had a planned out map with Billie, do her trials, get stronger and then combust into celestial mist destruction, basically a god bomb. This would include Amara in the whole plan, but after he spoke with his family, the plan to lock him down might actually be the only way to do this.
Dean tried to think, his thoughts are scattered but it's a simultaneous process there's no way he could start to think correctly and properly. The Hunter needed to think about what was really happening and the reality of it. He's accepted his death by Billie herself a long time ago but this one time, this one he doesn't want to. Dean is still speechless, there's so much stuff happening at once- he couldn't even process Cas's deceleration correctly, he finally looked at the angel after he gazed at Billie who walked slowly. Dean stared at Cas instead of Billie and he's still smiling but why is what the hunter is still wondering. He heard Cas say he wasn't going to die, not here, Dean already knows the reality of it and they're both going to end up killed one way or another but he's come to terms with what will come. What does Cas need to tell him? what is this one thing he keeps trying to tell him?. Dean felt Cas's hand on his face. He watched the angel place it onto his cheek and yes it shook with fear paired with the blood that still came out of his hand. He saw Cas was again about to finish what he wanted to tell him but he Saw Billie in his peripheral view he still looked at Cas, he was bracing himself. That was until Billie randomly disappeared
Dean didn't expect that, he didn't think Cas would return the gesture by intertwining back. Castiel's hands were also very warm and soft; he would always crave the touch, the small ones like whenever he would get healed by the angel mainly.
To Castiel, Dean seemed to shun away every time he'd try to say more than two words. This has happened multiple times, it's nothing new to Cas. He’s done the silent treatments to Dean, but not that long. He will have to talk to Dean at some point, but it probably would be pointless. He knew Dean more than anyone; he is angry, at times reckless, and he’s exactly the reason behind all of this. Castiel is to blame for this because he lied, but it's for the better, or at least the angel thought it was. For now, he decided to work to make his life more humane, he wanted something to focus on other than almost non-existing hunts, monsters, and everything.
The Hunter found Jack before he came up the steps “Hey kid” Dean replied, he acted as if he was happy. He's been acting as if everything's been okay and all. For the most part, he'd say they did get what they wanted, but even everyone is so detached in the bunker. The hunter is barely home, Cas is barely there, and Sam... Sam usually stays in his room from time to time, he does come out but he doesn't speak to anyone else. Dean really only had Jack to speak with him consistently. And hell, he doesn't even know where Cas is the majority of the time... that should be the least of his worries, in those couple of weeks, he was able to take Jack fishing for a little and also do a couple of other things, hunting wise a little but not too much of that.
Dean's eyebrows squeezed together for a minute, he looked up at “Cas, Yes. Thanos, I made you even watch Endgame. I thought you would know what that meant” Dean finished with whatever he had on his plate, he got up from the table then after he stared at the angel deeply for a couple more seconds than needed- the usual. Dean is still trying to get over the forgiving part of this, that courses through his mind all of the time he isn't sure of what will happen but the only focus now is to make sure they are free “You know, we already have a plan and all.” Dean mentioned “God might and most likely will come today. I can't be for sure what's on this dudes mind but I know it'll be sooner than we think” The hunter walked over to the sink before he placed his plate down, no he isn't cleaning it, at least not at the moment, he turned back around to face Cas
I wish everyone a happy holiday!
The hunter listened to Jack. He's glad at most he got some things done. “That's good-” Dean placed his elbows onto the table he was actually going to ask Jack what kind of things until he heard Jack mention a "date with Cas" he understood it was supposed to be comical to ask but even so Dean grinned, not in a content way, mainly the way he would as if it's like a joke “Yeah, no. Uh, it- It wasn't a date Jack.”
Again with the pie situation, he isn't going to take too much thought into that, Dean will probably get some later, preferably when the angel isn't around. Even at four in the fucking morning or something because why not. The hunter was taken aback by Cas who stepped forward and said no to him- well... guess he isn't going himself.
The angel is overwhelmed with all the emotions, but with every second that would pass he can feel it. he is happier and he was getting happier “You're the most caring man on earth, you're the most selfless human being I will ever know”  There was a long pause there he tried not to break into tears, he tried to keep it in “You know ever since, ever since I pulled you out of hell, knowing you have changed me. because you cared, I cared. I cared about you..Ii cared about Sam, I cared about Jack, but I cared about the whole world because of you.” The tears started to roll down his cheeks, but he..could swear he felt so happy, he needed to say this, he has to “you changed me Dean” He took another step closer to the man and raised his bloody hand to gently rest it over Dean's shoulder, exactly where he gripped the man the first time they met in hell.  he gasped gently, he felt ready “I-” right before he was about to say it...a loud thud was heard this caused Cas gasp in shock, this caught him off guard
Amara shook her head in a negative movement, her lips parted as her shoulders relaxed. Her arms on the sides eased “Brother, you’ve locked me up so many years away because you loved what you created. Now that I see it, I can understand why you created it. I see how it's so imbalanced but so beautifully so, it's a sorry world, and I can't let you destroy it. So I will give you a choice, you either leave this universe alone..make whatever you want. A different one or I keep here with me for eternity.” she gave him the same choice once more, he won't listen and she knows, he is a narcissist but the plan is different. It doesn't matter what happens next because if he is locked in that was the only outcome that would work well
Castiel didn't talk too much and just accepted Dean's nod...though by human standards, going to the cinema with clothes like the ones he's wearing right now would look bizarre and too fancy. He instead took a quick rush to Dean's room, found tight fit black jeans, a black t-shirt, and a blazer that seemed to be never worn, weird. Cas wore it and quickly brushed and checked if he looked decent enough. After he finished up, he went to the garage where Baby is parked. The angel opened the front door of the passenger's seat and entered, he didn't look at Dean but he did sigh gently “let's go” he said with a soft low voice
Jack's brows squeezed closer to one another and he tilted his head gently to the side, his hands rested on his sides, as he stood there more confused than before. Dean seems to be softer towards him and that makes him have higher hopes that forgiveness or redemption is there. either or is good enough, before Jack wasn't even sure if he would get any of these..especially after what he did with Mary. “Yes it was interesting-” Jack would talk about his experience with the vampires but got caught off guard by a large hand cupping the top of his head, ruffling up his already quite messy hair. Jack huffed in surprise and eyes followed Dean as he sat at the map table to look through his laptop. Jack contemplated if it would be okay to join him, he thought about it a bit more and he decided to do so. When Jack sat at the table, he placed his hands onto the table before he intertwined his fingers with each other to hide away the awkwardness. “Billie told me I should be strong enough soon to lock Chuck- but who is going to carry the mark?”
His eyes were lost in thoughts that couldn't compare to reality, fantasize about something domestic and the footsteps entering the kitchen woke Castiel up right away and made him look at the man, he nodded gently at the first question with a smile that pointed out his lined dimple like cheeks and creased his cheeks softly “I did a while ago...i would have come wake you, Sam and Jack up but I thought it's better not to”  he exhaled at the second question, he remembered how hammered he was the day before, making the angel guilty for this said bender he willingly went through "well- I feel better after a bottle of pills" he is an angel, but he needed more than one pill to help his headache ease down "how are you, Dean?" he asked genuinely and took his hand away from the table which now rested on his lap, fixated his look at Dean, watching him make coffee like every single day
He knew how much Dean appreciated him, how much he loved Sam, and Cas too, he just knows, and that brought a smile upon his lips. He could organize something for Dean to feel better, maybe ask Cas to help him a little bit... even as one of the strongest beings in existence right now, he is still not prepared to do anything on his own really..understanding it is a different thing “Well, life here right now feels empty. No matter how harsh this will sound, it's because we had a purpose to run into, God made them for us, You and Sam too. Now we can make our own choices Dean…” And finally, Dean's truth was out here, heard by someone. It will remain a secret until Dean decides to be honest with his feelings towards the angel. “If you truly love him, you should try telling him that Dean…” Jack squinted his eyes a tiny bit, a quiet hum leaving his throat. “Have you tried talking to him about your feelings ever before?”
Jack was drained to the bones, he tried to gather up his own breath as he and Sam were now sat at the edge of the table in the main part of the bunker. The map looked ominous, the bunker deafeningly quiet after what happened “Sam-” Jack said pleadingly he reached out to him, he was about to touch Sam's shoulder but his hand got stopped almost right away
His eyes were locked onto his palm still. Everything that he said to Dean moments before he believed their death was upon them, came crashing down his thoughts and it just made his whole face flushed, a deep red color that spread on his cheeks, he didn't know if it was an embarrassment, worry, or probably both. “Dean…” He huffed out and gripped his palm and raised it up to cover his eyes. He could see the look on Dean's eyes, it scared Cas so much, that left him, left his broken human alone, and now that was God is gone. He was glad that he got to stay, but the empty deal is still a  thing..which is alright, as long as Castiel remained quiet about his true emotions, everything will be alright. Castiel shut the TV off, he got off the bed to grab his coat before he left his room to head out at the main part of the bunker. This is right when he noticed Dean sat there with a leg up on the other chair, and a glass of whiskey in his hand. Cas didn't expect him to be awake at this hour but then again, this is Dean Winchester “why are you up?” Cas asked to break the silence
Dean looked at the angel, yet hearing the phrase "I'll go with you" sat with Dean. Dean sighed a little, he just nodded, he had nothing else to add to that. Dean moved away from the angel, he didn't shoulder check him he completely moved to the side and he headed towards the back of the bunker where his impala stays. he waited patiently in the car, his hands were on the wheel. Looks like his all no talking streak was over in the meantime
When the other Dean moved away from him Cas forced a smile on his lips and tried to make it look as real as the angel could possibly make it look. Soon enough that smile turned parted lips and eyes widened in pure shock, the man leaned to kiss his cheek and it was when he realized now.
The Richer Dean looked at the Angel and nodded softly, he's happy that he'll keep safe. “I'm glad you will.”  The Other version of Dean didn't move back from Cas quite yet. He's still looking deeply into Angel's features trying to get the best and last possible chance he'll ever be able to see "him" again. This Dean trusts that Cas will not lose the ring. Though they aren't together in this world he can at most feel happy enough he was able to give him it. One way or another, universe by universe, only if he could control time or go back. He would’ve kept the Mark of Cain on him. The everlasting regrets and wishes this version of Dean is going through, he wishes he could undo all of it. “I loved him you know…” Dean said quietly to Cas individually, he wasn't sure if the others could hear it clearly but he hoped no one else did
I'm going to note what is happening so I can make some sense of what is going to occur. Instead of having Amara accept the whole entire thing with merging with Chuck, she will refuse, the plan kinda works the same however Dean isn't going to continue working with death. Up to this point, he's spoken with Amara and Death already. Because the Winchesters are the Winchesters they never follow the plan. Yes, Sam is going to carry the mark and God is going to be locked up as opposed to getting his powers taken away.
For that night he didn't look at the Angel once, he feels as if all his efforts were for nothing yet again or at least he messed up since he probably understood that the angel really didn’t want this, Cas doesn't want Dean. It looks like they may, and will always be “Best Friends” Dean didn't like the thought of it but from what he learned it's clear to him now. The conversation they had just a few weeks ago when he paused at "I thought-'' he convinced himself or he tried to convince himself he didn't think at all at that moment. Dean left the theater. He did wait for Cas but once he got into baby he didn't attempt to make any conversation with the angel, he felt if it's better just to completely ignore what happened. When Dean lingers on something for too long he starts to overthink which is something he's doing right now, the hunter pulled out of the driveway of the cinema before they went straight back to the bunker. The whole drive was quiet.
Currently being held in a different place, God tried to convince Amara to merge with him. He was able to compromise with his sister before so what is going to stop him now. Chuck tried to push Amara with lies and things that are not true. Chuck actually knew that the Winchesters might even kill her after the job is done. He wasn't going to not convince his sister to rule together. “Come on sis, we've been through everything. Don't you want this family?” Chuck tried to use his tactic of being emotional about the family they’ve created throughout light years and even after he locked her up, Amara still forgave him. He wanted to use that to his advantage. Chuck continued “the family we have. We've created something before, what's stopping us now?” Chuck questioned his sister with questions that only she would want. What she desired most.
The Hunter was able to calm down after some time. He was able to take in the fact that they are finally free. As much as Dean should be excited by this news he isn't. He is somewhat content but something is bothering him. Dean earlier got cleaned up and took a shower as well, he went to go check on his brother earlier but Sam doesn’t seem to be in the mood for the company at the moment. He will respect that so he’ll stop bugging his brother for now. Sam doesn't seem himself but the way this whole situation went affected everyone some sort of way, another thing that bothered Dean is what Cas wanted to tell him. That whole entire speech he made Dean couldn't make out half of what the angel was saying, if he got some clarity for it would be nice.
Amara had her hands crossed her chest, her eyes were focused on her brother. Chuck’s constant ramble will never be convincing enough, she knew what a big liar her brother was and always will be. No matter how convinced she would be and how it really sounded like. If she didn't already know Billie's plan then maybe, she'd probably trust him, however, She won't fall for his trap. she is not that naïve “You were always a liar dear brother, last time I even dared to trust you, you locked me away to rot for millennia. I am not going to allow you to leave this room until you change your mind...this..or I will keep you in this room forever” she could only hope he won't get suspicious of their true plan
Again fixing any tenses that seem off!
Castiel had laid down, the palm that was a few hours ago held gently, tightly, and caressed contently laid flat on his chest trying his best to keep the warm feeling remaining, but it wouldn't work as anticipated..why would it? Deep down he knows he will never be able to have it..he has to accept it- He will never have Dean and it hurts the Angel...even the background noise created nothing but white noise inside his head. The only thing Cas wanted to think about was how Dean’s Green emerald eyes glow whenever he smiles, and how the edges of the skin around the crease, he is beautiful, soul wise where does he even begin with? everything is perfect, everything hurts, will his tears ever run out already? he feels his eyes getting sore from crying
Sam looked over to Jack “Jack! get us into the room with Amara and god it's locked you should be able to get in there” The hunter pointed out, they needed to get in and they needed to be quick. Sam’s blood only boiled of anxiety. He isn’t sure of what to expect after getting the mark on him. He never understood what happened to Dean with the Mark Of Cain. Sam isn’t sure if he’ll become a killing machine of his own or worse. The tall hunter really knew of one thing, and that is his brother’s behavior changed after bearing such a mark.
Then again, Billie expected this to happen. The book followed exactly how their deaths will play out. Billie wanted nothing more but to kill Dean at this point, the conversation She had with him almost two years ago stuck with her. Dean never complained if it was his time, and he never begged for wanting to live. Billie was in shock when she was struck by her own weapon, fortunately, she did get a hold of it once again once Dean moved back. Billie was holding onto the side of her Arm Dean, Dean... I thought this day would come. Death Regained her composure before getting her scythe again, she knew how Dean would die and it's been his time since two years ago when they first had this conversation. They stole the book from her and she wanted it back. Billie did get it back but the whole story changed, it changed in a way she didn't like which is something she’ll try alter. If Dean was no longer in the story then it would change, therefore, her goal is to get rid of part of the story that shouldn't be there in the first place
His eyes quickly fell to where Dean and Jack stood where they spoke about something that Cas had no knowledge of as of now. The angel cleared his throat as he walked down the squeaky metallic steps slowly, scared for the box of fresh baked pie to fall out of his hands. He walked after towards the table to leave the box there, he placed his hands inside his pockets “Hello” Cas avoided looking at Dean much, but he did give him a glance. The room has a strong scent of apple and cinnamon from the pie
Throughout the rest of the night Castiel kept looking at his palm from time to time, since he has his own room this gave the angel more private space and even though the angel didn't need to sleep, it still helped him relax mentally and physically. His back would ache from now and then per se the reason he hunches over a lot, somehow he can easily remember how soothing it is when Dean touches his back. It’s almost like the pain goes away, to have molted wings will, unfortunately, remain a problem that will cause the angel a lot of pain. Castiel was laid on the bed, trench coat off, the noise from the tv of people when they talked faded into a white noise to Castiel.
Cas could talk about their differences for hours on end and he would still find details in breadcrumbs. It’s painful, everything hurts; the deal with the empty, Dean's anger, everyone's extreme morals of defense towards each other, sacrificing again, and again playing with fate, life and death, hell- heaven and gosh, Cas is now playing with higher grounds. The Empty, now all of them with God, not even these alternative versions dared to play around with God. His other version died doing something worthy. So what is Cas going to die over, being happy? so helpful. Castiel tried not to overthink everything now he exhaled sharply opening his embrace to this Dean giving him the opportunity of a hug. He wondered if it would feel the same as hugging his Dean. Probably not since his dean has scars, and had a bond with him. This Dean, on the other hand, can't sense it. His grace runs right towards his own dean, which made him happy
One piece of it was gone because Jack took a small bit of it. He thought to himself he might as well. The hunter got a utensil from the kitchen before he served himself a piece, would it be considered rude to do this? While Dean was in the kitchen he left the popcorn for Jack to have if he wanted it. He sat back down at the table with a piece, he thought for a minute before he decided to actually eat some. It was good, very good. Dean tried to shove the thoughts he's had for a while in the back of his mind for the last couple of hours, it never worked. He finished the pie slice that he got for himself along with a slip of liquor. His thoughts really only got worse after the first couple of hours just of lounging around at the table.
He took a second look to understand what this meant. His blue eyes glimmered, the Angel didn't know how to respond. He wanted to look up and see his dean instead, then again, this would never become reality and Cas knew deep down. “Dean-” he tried to speak but then he knew. He understood that this version of Dean was in love with his alternative version of himself. They would get married, but something happened. The Angel thinks he understood now. The visible sorrow in Cas's eyes was obvious. He gripped the ring, closing his soft fingers around it before he looked back at the alternate Dean contently. “I will keep it safe…”  He said and meant it. The Angel will try to keep safe. Castiel wanted to ask about this Dean's Castiel, he really wanted to but decided against it
Jack huffed tired as he looked over Amara, and smiled brightly thank you- he didn't know what else to reply, and now looked back at Sam, he needs to check on him
Dean invested in getting Jack to be film and pop culture savvy too. He tried to crack jokes from time to time but Jack doesn't take them as Cas does. Dean tried not to think about the angel too much but whenever he saw Jack really that's all he can think about. “I thought about heading out for a movie later tonight, you can come with me if you want?” Dean suggested he really only came to ask Jack if he wanted to come. If not, he'd probably go himself anyway, also He hasn't mentioned The Angel and him in those couple of weeks. It's nerve-wracking for the most part but Dean is Dean, and he tries to ignore everything. This is probably the longest he's gone without talking to Cas. There have been times it took a few days to a week but not this long, he could never
Dean immersed himself fully in the film because the hunter is a big movie watcher it would only make sense. He didn’t move a lot once it started and really his focus was locked onto the said movie. He's seen it before but it'll never get boring to him. Dean would recall when his mother would enjoy films such as these with his Dad, his mother was more of a pop culture-savvy person than John ever was but that never stopped him from still enjoying these films. Maybe he was a little too young to be watching these kids. He can recall when his mother would sneak him into some of the rated R movies but that never stopped Mary from doing it, and quite frankly Dean wasn't bothered by it either. He did finally look over to Cas a little trying to see some of his reactions. A lot of them looked of a mixture of perplexed and even more inquisitive
The Hunter snaked his fingers over the handles as well, not that he was doing this on purpose at least not at most. Dean looked down at Cas's hand, at first kinda not but not really brushed his fingertips closer to the angel's hand not fondly or in an affectionate way really; it was more just a small thing, for a second that was before he actually fully laid it on top of Castiel's hand. Dean's hand is a little bigger than Cas's so his hand would completely cover the angel's fingers fully. Dean didn't pay too much attention to what he was doing. Honestly, he was doing this self consciously without even one thought. Both Cas and he haven't talked in so long, deep down Dean would miss seeing Cas every now and then, but doing this gesture seemed to both basic instinct and not even knowing what he's doing.
Dean looked at the angel come closer., he didn't know what else to expect other than their immediate death; though he was confused overall what Cas meant by he knew of one thing that scared Billie. “What do you mean Cas?” He wanted to apologize to Cas for everything that occurred. Then again he doesn't even have the time to do that, ever since the alternate versions of themselves came a few days ago. The hunter could only think, his mind wandered over multiple things. His alternate version's relationship with the other Cas's got him tangled in his own thoughts for a bit, but then again Dean doesn't understand how angel behavior works or how they communicate when it comes to emotions.
The Angel parted lips in an endeavor to explain how he is more worried about their plan, for Sam, for Dean..For jack what will happen once god is locked away? But the truth is freedom comes first, running around as restrained mice will never give them freedom. His bad thoughts were now ignored when he saw Dean turn to wash the dishes, and noticed how callously he moved his body. Cas admired Dean, he is a piece of art. That gives the angel shivers and some of the biggest smiles. “All I want is for you to earn your freedom Dean, Sam's, and Jacks too...everyone's, I will be there for you, all of you.” He has hope, he believed in his family that the plan will work. Right, when Cas was about to get up Dean walked away Dean gave a pat on his shoulder which caused Cas to shiver. He always deep down enjoyed whenever Dean could cradle his cheeks and hug him, he would be able to feel the soul he fell for. Castiel erased these thoughts and got off the table, he needed to get ready for what is about to come
The Original Dean watched all of this happen while he listened to the story since his other version was loud enough to explain the story to everyone. Actually, Dean felt bad for his alternate self. He remembers that the Mark of Cain didn't do him any good in the end. Thankfully he was able to get it removed before it got any worse. Dean understood beforehand what it was doing to him, and he couldn't stand what he's done. He's still an angry person not much will change that but he still needs to get his temper under control. Dean bit the inside of his cheek when the other version of himself kissed Cas on the cheek, he looked away staring at the floor for a few minutes before he turned his attention back to the two of them
Castiel kept his gaze on this Dean he was close to him at the moment, looking at his features it felt odd. The man’s face was softer, he looked better, the wounds as if they were never really there. This Dean's skin looks healthier than his own dean which looks tired. Cas wants to use his grace to make it better, whenever he has the chance to heal Dean, his dean, He always ends up healing the tiniest of wounds. As for what this Dean now whispered brought what the Angel assumed to reality the richer Dean loved that other Cas. He heard the soft whisper and knew right away, he could ask without any fear. His lips creased into a gentle empathetic smile and tilted his head a bit to look at the man's face a bit better “This other me, your Cas, what happened to him?” He asked; afraid of the outcome, typically his Dean would get angry by such a question. The Angel hesitated for a while, but this is not Dean, well..his Dean
Castiel never understood these sorts of movies, it always gets him to have questions but he can appreciate human art, and this is a form of it. This made him curious and made him want to learn about them a lot more since movies are also something Dean quite frankly enjoys watching. The angel will not lie, he found it nice to look out and get him into a good mood, focused on the movie, and ready to find what is gonna happen next, no matter the movie. While he focused on the movie his arms were now resting onto the handles gently, fingers callus over the harsh leather he gripped it with the tip of his fingers...Cas didn't even realize what his hands were doing, he should probably ask Dean to give him a bit of popcorn but he couldn't care less about food right now. The move somehow managed to magnetize the angel's interest
The Angel’s smile was bright, soft, He looked down a bit making his hooded eyes have a gentle crease, it almost looked like his eyes was closed, and there was now a gentle blush across his face now too. “Well, I am quite fond of suits, but it would be interesting if I were to try something else. I will reconsider it”  Cas said to the other version of his Dean Winchester he knows and loves. He wondered what this Dean was trying to dig out of his pockets.  So Cas looked at him quite perplexed and curious at the same time
Dean looked at Death in the eyes with fury but it wasn't distinguishable. Dean changed his mind about the whole bomb situation and there was no way they were going to do the plan her way “I changed my mind.” Dean simply replied firmly. He isn’t doing this whole bomb thing, and he's not going to risk it. He trusted Billie at first but with the knowledge, he has now  Billie’s plan is only for her to become God is what she wanted. Dean only worked with Billie because of his own desires. He didn’t think straight at that time since his goal was to gain his freedom. Dean was wrapped up in such a fantasy he didn’t think about it at the time, however, he had more time to think and he was back on his feet again.
Dean looked at Jack coming over to his side, he felt the Nephilim's handgrip it. He doesn't exactly know what to feel at this time but he should believe what Jack has to say, the problem is how will he go about this. Dean takes a deep breath “Okay” Dean simply replied, he didn't have anything to add to that also it was getting late anyway. With Dean being on the verge of being a little drunk he looked at Jack, he did see Cas and that's at most what does bring him some sort of comfort in this.
Jack had walked in after a few minutes, he opened the door before he closed it again. The Nephilim looked tired and filthy, but the familiar posture he has with a semi-forced smile on his lips was there. To him, that should indicate he was fine for the time being. He looked both at Sam and Dean trying to hide the weight he felt on his chest, the guilt eating him alive. “Dean, it's good to see you!” Jack said, his voice wasn't loud but was loud enough for him to hear.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel kept his hand locked with Dean's..he has not even realized what he is doing, he allowed himself to be happy for this short period of time, or at least he thought it was. From now and then he's grip his palm on Dean's as some sort of sign that gave out closure, love even...but he shouldn't do this whatsoever under any circumstances cause too much happiness, the hope of being with Dean will soon be the end of him, cause even with God gone, the deal with the empty remains intact, but he cannot help and think of how nicely their hands fit together, how his fingers kept bumping over the hunter's veins, how rough get gentle they were, it made the angel happier every second, his instinct screaming, beaming with joy...until he felt the trigger point that woke the Angel up, the most wonderful feeling he could ever ask for,
Sam raised his hands up to cover his face in a very close failed attempt to protect himself from the strong pulse of power. It was impossible to hear anything and to even stand straight but he managed to work through it, like he always did. Sam did manage to hear Jack shouting his name, that was his queue to start the spell. With each word he could feel something carve right onto his skin, around the stomach area, it was the mark that he had to bear, it burned but it wasn’t something he couldn’t handle. Sam shouted every word of the spell, and the burn of the mark got more and more painful but he ignored it, and right at the last word of the spell, what remained was Jack's last move; to secure the "gate"...secure that God would be locked for once and for good
Castiel knew that by the way his skin achingly caressed over his own, how the fingertips grazed harshly across his thick coat, and how softly it caressed their head down to the angel's lower back, it made the starvation for the man sink lower. This dean was longing for something, Cas knew but he couldn't give that to him, his own affection has been taken by someone else. He stood there and watched, Dean observed how Castiel allowed this foreign version of himself to touch him. Cas was hurt with seeing not even the slightest of tension on the other man; nothing at all as a reaction to the intimacy between The Richer Dean and him. It almost shattered his heart, he wanted something, anything, any reaction would be good but he got nothing. Glowering looks and eyes that skimmed through his life forced like a really sharp blade slicing through.
Dean stared at the replica of himself, he wasn't sure of what to say next or last, but the richer version of himself already said his goodbyes and good luck. He learned something new about the alternate universes. He's already scared of Chuck as it is; he isn't trying to continue having a heavy workload aside from dealing with actual God bullshit. Dean is quite tired of the life he has, still figuring out if he wants to retire or not. Most likely he will but the job isn't over quite yet. Another thing to note is Dean will remember seeing Sam in a bun, that was the most amusing part of this whole thing, he wished that he could witness more of it but then again, two universes should not collide with one.
“Dean…” he started off, the Nephilim looked away for a second, and swallowed harshly he contemplated if it was a good idea to empathize what's happening here or just make sure Dean won't stop talking with Cas “Castiel he uh, he’s had a few troubles lately, he talked to me about not getting happy any time soon for something personal. I don't really know what that means..but I think that both of you should talk a lot more; talking to him yesterday, he seemed sorrowful” Jack raised his look to focus now on Dean's eyes “truth is, I didn't have to study much, but I thought both of you going out would help.”
The hunter gets up from the table and he lets go of Jack's hand. “Well it is almost three in the morning, and you should get some sleep” Dean suggests, he knows that Jack doesn't sleep much but he's still human. Dean is done for tonight he just hopes that he'll be able to at least try to talk to Cas. It's a bit hard right now, but he can't continue to go radio silent over this. It's been way too long
Dean was about to walk out of the bunker to head to his room. He looked over to Jack and nodded in content to him wanting to drown himself with the snacks from the theater. Dean was about to leave the main part of the bunker that was until he ran into the angel. At this point he couldn't avoid Cas, he looked at him for a second. He noticed that Cas was somewhat looking down, his eyes trailed down to the pie that the angel had in his hands. Would he question where Cas has been? yes, but not this time around, Dean subtly kinda bit down on his tongue closer to the cheek of his mouth. Dean doesn't make an effort to say anything to Cas, the usual silent treatment given throughout these days, his mood was actually good, until this, he tries not to pay too much mind he just gulped deeply. They finally stood toe to toe after a couple of weeks, he would move his way around the angel but for some reason, he just stood there awkwardly
Castiel hyper-fixated on the movie, his senses were not under his control. The feeling of warm hands, rough skin over his hand felt weirdly comforting, and without even yet realizing whose hand it was, he didn't even hesitate and turn his hand gently. He slowly intertwined his fingers with Dean's, Cas slithered his between longer, thicker fingers that were adapted from battle, and Cas knew that these hands had beat him up, bruised the skin, he now can call his own. They alone felt good, felt nice to have Dean's palm over his own smaller one, it gave Cas a sense of comfort, his body even relaxed. He is still not even close to realizing what he is doing, what he allows deep down beneath lies that he forced out of his mouth a few weeks ago. He knew what he truly desired, and that is closure from the man he so much loved.
Castiel is mad, his mind is going a million light-years worth ways, he feels like a cosmic being once again, not even the universe can comprehend how many emotions he is feeling. Envy for his dead self of his alternate version because that other version of him at least got to feel his lover closer, got to have to consent reaching out to embrace the man from the back without Dean turning at him gun pointing. Either that being mental or physical, he almost shot Jack and he had come back from the dead. Everything seemed to be better than now, times being confessing or committing into his heart's desires, his vessel's needs would not be wise especially with the fear of being beaten up. Because sticks and stones may break this body's bones apart but more emotional incrimination for something he has no control over would make things more complicated and painful, but one reason more for Cas to stay alive.
Dean came to the main part of the bunker and looked around a little, finding the angel wasn't anywhere near the map table or in that area specifically. Dean went back to the kitchen to get himself something to eat since he didn't get to eat anything that night. Finally, He did spot the angel quite literally in the middle of dealing with being tipsy “Cas-” Dean started, with he rubbed his eyes roughly, he smells the alcohol, probably already can indicate that he did drink a bit the other night.  “What are you doing here?” Dean sounded a little concerned, but then again they're still trying to put their differences aside. “I thought you went on the case with Sam and Jack the other night,” Dean mentioned while he moved a little closer to Cas
