He needed something.
“You have to admit it just
John couldn’t help but think of the murdered informant he’d been trying to save in the last seconds before he’d died. And Shan, shot dead in the middle of a demolished building. And Carl Powers, poisoned and drowned.
Sherlock looked away again. “It was stupid of me to hope for anything better,” he said, forcefully bitter. “Pathetic.”
clueless.”
“I just don’t want you
“Just hold on,” said John commandingly. The other two men did as he said, and they all waited for a minute.
Thanks again for reading and commenting! <3 You’re all amazing :D
“They are frightened, I think. But unwilling to do anything other than wait.”
“It’s ten at night, Sherlock. You’ll have to wait until tomorrow.”
But John paused.
“No.”
There was a pause, and then Sherlock got suddenly to his feet.
He set the bottle of painkillers on the table next to Sherlock’s chair. “Take two of these for your neck. The glass and the associated horde of morons will be done as soon as possible. And you should be grateful to Mrs. Hudson for letting us stay here.”
“I’m having the windows replaced with bulletproof glass,” sighed Mycroft, while Mrs. Hudson patted him on the arm.
Sherlock looked at him sharply, eyes blazing. “I brought you back. I let you get involved. I am responsible for you.”
Sherlock yelled in frustration again, just to give the fear somewhere to go that wasn’t in his own head.
Security.
She had obviously broken in through a window or back door, and now stood in the office doorway, pale with fear but
Sherlock shook his head. “I may need your help again later, depending on what Miss Winters has to say.” He turned to the stranger with Lestrade, shaking the woman’s hand before gesturing to John for introductions.
Sherlock scowled furiously and crossed into the kitchen, sitting down at the table still covered in case files and John’s notes. After giving John and Lestrade another glare, he turned away from them and picked through the case files. “It doesn’t take a genius to know who you’re laughing at.”
~o~O~o~
“Can I sit here?”
Mycroft took Sherlock’s place in front of John. He extended an uncertain hand to John, who paused before he grasped it and pulled himself up to his feet. “What happened, exactly? How serious is this?” Mycroft asked, his tone quiet but sharp.
"Well, your cabbie sounds mighty pissed," commented Lestrade, gesturing at Sherlock's waiting taxi. The horn was still blaring, and clearly had been for some time, making people on the street stop and glare at it. "Not that I'm blaming him; you've kept the poor bastard waiting for ages now. Probably was trying to get your attention while we were in there."
Soo Lin looked up at him in surprise. After a moment, she said, her voice even softer than his, “… Thank you.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I think I’ll go for now. But I’ll be in touch, if you have no objections.”
“I think you’re improving,” said Mycroft, gaze flickering briefly to John. “But regardless, do try to be careful.”
“Records? No. But I’m confident there must be cases – unsolved cases – that have some similar threads to them. A common location, a similar style, the same chemical, something. It’s a matter of finding those, and extracting any useful information. Lestrade doesn’t give me every case that comes up, after all.”
A CHAPTER
“I think we might be able to limit it to anyone who has ever had military sniper training in Moriarty’s lifetime. But yes. That about sums it up.”
John shrugged. “We can work this out. Mycroft and Lestrade can start searching, and you and I can start thinking about our next moves. I’ll make some tea, and we can talk this through.”
M=1 man
He was Sherlock Holmes, after all. And the Game was on.
All I can say in my defense is that the end of the semester was a nightmare, and summer has proved a continuation of all the hectic stuff going on. For those who don't know, I graduated from Brown University at the end of May after a long, bloody battle with my thesis (I am a geologist) and since then have been preparing to start grad school in August as well as get some research-related things completed and some health problems sorted out.
“Later,” said Sherlock in farewell, and he swept out the door.
Fear welled up like floodwaters in his mind, and doors in his Mind Palace automatically closed to contain it, to shut down those responses. Fear was a chemical reaction. He could control chemistry. The sensation of blood dripping from his wrists became more pronounced, and he immediately deleted it—deleted every trace of the sensation, the pain, the memory.
It's a long, quiet chapter, but we needed a little lull after the chaos of the Black Lotus. And a little Doctor Watson. And a little bit of these two being dorks.
I won’t give too many details because spoilers, haha, but just understand that I want the next few chapters to go up in quick succession and I’m hoping you’ll agree with my decision to make sure there’s no delay between the next several chapters
John wasn’t an idiot, but he wasn’t going to pretend he had any idea how any of this was happening, and the longer he lay there in the dark, the more he began to think it wasn’t. But of course, if it wasn’t, then that just meant this was either a really,
“Yes. Although—“ Sherlock set down his phone and gave John a look. “—how do you feel about violins?”
Grimacing, Sherlock kicked the man’s limp form off himself and searched him for anything of use.
“No problem!” said John, like Sherlock had just told him he’d won the lottery, and then he was out the door and gone.
Sherlock nodded. “So.”
The staffer—clearly Dawson—nodded and stepped out into the hall, as John stuffed the box of cigarettes and the lighter into his pocket, and asked, “Anything else?”
“I know,” said John. He hesitated, and then said, voicing something that had been on his mind for a while, “To be honest, I’m sort of shocked that Moriarty didn’t hide or destroy her body before the police got there. Or steal it, like he tried to do with mine.”
Sherlock groaned loudly.
“He should not have found out like this,” he said crisply.
“If my suspicions are correct—and they usually are—then at least sixty percent of the ones I brought back here to 221B are possibilities, and those aren’t anywhere near all the potential cases,” replied Sherlock, gathering the stack of files and dragging them a little closer to himself.
The pillow smacked into John’s head with considerable force and a loud
She laughed. “Maybe a bit. But I figured it was probably the sort of thing he
So glad Sherlock and John get to transition from one stressful situation right into another stressful situation...
He stepped out onto the tiled deck beside the pool, the lights beneath the water throwing a wavering eerie light around the walls of the room.
“… John?” called Sherlock, stepping into the living room and looking around.
A hand dug unexpectedly into his upper arm and dragged him back. Sherlock fell, tucking his head to try to keep himself from hitting it on the ground, and he rolled once more to his feet. His knees were probably bleeding.
“Obviously.”
An individual gifted at traversing dark and dangerous seas wrought with intrigue and threats submerged below the waves.
“Suit yourself…” said Lestrade, taking a bite of his donut. He and Sherlock were spending the morning driving to a handful of predetermined locations around London, which they’d been doing every morning for the better part of a week.
“Shame he died before I could try,” said Sherlock, almost to himself.
!” shouted Amberley, twisting around to draw a gun tucked out of sight from his belt. He pointed it at Sherlock. Sherlock took a step back. “No—“
cab driver. It’s just—“
It was a few hours before Sherlock took a break from his silent contemplation of the shoes. John went in and out of the kitchen, making tea, watching Sherlock work, getting something to eat, and none of it broke Sherlock from his very much mute reverie. But one little text did—Sherlock’s phone buzzed, and he glanced at it.
John was no longer looking at Lestrade, and his expression was no longer one of confusion or indignation.
Sherlock clawed at the ground in an attempt to drag himself up, his head pounding from the effort.
Mycroft frowned and started to prowl around the room, while John, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson simply gaped at Sherlock.
Lestrade seemed to wilt.
Lestrade and Sherlock filed in, Molly letting the door shut behind them. The two men waited while Molly went over to body storage, Lestrade's hands in his pockets and Sherlock's clasped coolly behind his back.
“But someone
we now return to Jim ruining everything for everyone
“Which means?” Sherlock prompted.
Plus, Mycroft and Sherlock talking about their lives? Feelings? Sign me the fuck up
Sherlock tilted his head back slightly, and it hit the support beam he was tied to with a dull thunk.
It was incredible how twenty-five simple words triggered so much so quickly in his mind, the sense of foreboding welling up before he’d even determined why. His heart seemed to be skipping several consecutive beats. His mind was doing something similar, flying from thought to thought like a stone skipping on water.
,” repeated Lestrade with a hollow laugh.
John noticed the shift, and looked at Sherlock perplexedly. “Something wrong?”
“Anything out of the ordinary from last night,” said Sherlock.
There was an answering groan from near the windows, and John hurried towards it around the chairs until he could make out a shifting mass on the floor that had to be the Detective.
Moriarty’s mouth twisted. “Such a defiant little soldier.”
Offering the ride seemed overly kind, on Lestrade’s part, but Sherlock knew it was to minimize their interactions with other people who might later identify them, so paranoid was the policeman about this visit.
Sherlock shrugged. “This is straying out of the realm of deduction and to the edge of conjecture, but I have a hard time believing that Moriarty would have a replacement lined up and in waiting. Moriarty’s control and anonymity within his criminal empire is because he’s been careful in orchestrating countless connections but allowing only a few to link directly to him. I think it’d be a risk for him to have someone else like Moran on standby. Moran is uniquely qualified, and was an unusually skilled sniper even before he started working for Moriarty. He’s not easy to replace.”
He should have been doing something to protect John from the beginning.
Molly nodded. “Sure, I can get things for you if you need,” she said, predictably, for which Sherlock was grateful. “What’s the name?”
“Of course he didn’t,” said Sherlock.
Or even if it didn’t?
“Forget I said anything,” mumbled the policeman.
The hair on the back of Sherlock’s neck stood up.
One of his colleagues called back an affirmative, grabbing a kit.
“Boring,” John said with an enormous grin, throwing another biscuit from behind his wall of case files with perfect aim so that it exploded into crumbs in Sherlock’s hair. “People do little else.”
“Oh, no, I know that,” said John, shaking his head. “To be honest, Harry’s never been much good at keeping in touch. But I do feel bad that she thinks I’m dead when I’m only an hour or two away. Assuming she knows I’m dead. You told me Molly Hooper couldn’t get in touch, and I don’t know that anyone else would have tried.” He took another sip of tea. “You don’t keep in touch with your brother?”
Sherlock flipped the paper over, but the reverse side was blank.
“Quite.” Mycroft gestured for them to follow, and Sherlock and John both fell in step just behind Mycroft as he made his way to the elevators along one wall of the atrium. “We apprehended him as he was preparing to execute Gruner. Red-handed, so to speak, which seems confirmation enough to me. We were able to intercept him just as he was about to take the shot. He still tried to fire, but our arrival disrupted things enough to avoid a disaster.”
“Finally,” said Sherlock, glancing at John to assess his condition. It didn’t take a genius to see John was wide awake and focused. Adrenaline was no doubt lending itself to their cause. Interestingly, though, the adrenaline wasn’t causing the expected fidgets one might expect. It simply sharpened John’s attention and exaggerated his military bearing. So, the man was not opposed to a little risk. That was convenient.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
"That was absolutely
Sherlock shrugged, then nodded. “I have to admit, I’m more than a little tired of the constant discomfort.”
For all of his intellectual prowess and mental fortitude, Sherlock was having a surprisingly hard time processing the words coming out of John’s mouth. “You’re saying that Moriarty’s sniper—the one who
“I know you don’t,” said Sherlock. “I can’t fathom why not, but I know you don’t.”
“Deduce. You’ve been looking at me weirdly ever since you found me,” snapped Sherlock. “Clearly you have suspicions.”
“Good idea,” said Lestrade, his voice picking up on Sherlock’s excitement as he understood what Sherlock was implying. “I’ll assign a couple people to that. If we’re lucky I’ll have something by tonight. I’ll be in touch.”
After a moment, Sherlock found what he was looking for. Four numbers, two page and line numbers, meaning two words, written as two streets—
John took a deep breath, letting this fully sink in before he said, “I’m not really sure I want to know what the next one will be about.”
Wary of missing anything, they fell silent again, but it was a few more seconds before Moran broke the silence. “Is Holmes so much better?” he asked finally. “He kept you around because you were useful for a case. At least my longevity isn’t correlated with the duration of my murder investigation. You have no long-term value. When this is all over, one way or another, by Holmes’ choice or by Moriarty’s, you go back to being dead. And if you have any sense, you’ll hope Holmes kills you before Moriarty does. And soon. Your chances for Holmes to let you die quietly are running out fast.” Moran sat back, and a hitherto disguised loathing was suddenly written plainly across his face. “You’re fucking pathetic. You like to think yourself so righteous next to me, even though we’re both here now for the exact same reason—because we’re useful to
Before he could change his mind, Sherlock crossed to the window, to where Mycroft’s dead flowers were set on the windowsill. He stopped with his hand hovering, outstretched, over the pot of wilting pansies, as if an invisible barrier held him back.
John reached the top, and paused long enough to look around, and then stepped into the room above and gestured with one hand that it was safe to follow. “I think it’s empty up here,” he said. “I don’t know where they just went…”
“Since
In answer, Sherlock shot his phone one last hateful look and finally kicked it off the table.
“This isn’t about me,” said John coldly. “I’m not here to talk about why Moriarty’s interested in me.”
John sighed. “It’s going to be okay. That’s… empty and stupid, I know. I wish I could give you an emotional Heimlich so you could cough up that ball of fear and anxiety wedged in your throat, but I can’t. But it
“The sniper does not know you are hunting him,” Soo Lin persisted. She swallowed, eyelids fluttering, and went on, “He is not aware of what I have done.”
Sherlock pretended to look affronted. “I don’t know what you’re insinuating.”
“I mean, it’s a bit easy to see what degree of personal security you have in place when your windows are blown to bits and there are people moving in and out through the front door all day,” said Moriarty, with his hands clasped behind his back and in a tone one would associate with explaining something to a child. “And repairmen who can be threatened and bribed into talking later. I just moved things along.”
John looked at Sherlock meaningfully. “Can we
, Shan had said.
He drummed his fingers on the arm of his chair impatiently.
Sherlock had been staring at these five words typed on his laptop for the last twenty minutes, his finger hovering over the return key on his keyboard, poised to upload.
Sherlock straightened, shutting his eyes for a single second in order to stop himself from outwardly displaying his sudden excitement.
"That hardly matters if you're dead. Dead implies a complete end to conscious thought."
“Page and word,” said Soo Lin. “The numbers are in pairs.”
Sherlock turned and paced away down the pool deck until he reached Zhi Zhu Yao’s body. He stopped, and stared down at it.
Young Sherlock turned, and walked away, no longer trying to hide the smile on his face, which was so wide that it hurt.
“Boss?” said Anderson, shooting a hateful look at Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock placed the dish and letter back in the box and closed the lid. He got to his feet, picked up the box, and turned to face the other two men. “Well,” he said, speaking to Lestrade, “if you don’t mind, I have a puzzle to solve. I’m going back to Baker Street and getting to work. Don’t bother me.”
"What if you… didn't. Have to." Sherlock could not believe he was saying the words.
any comments on this chapter would probably make my life
Sherlock looked at John.
“But…” said John again, and then he stopped.
The facts were these:
It was well over twenty minutes before Sherlock returned. John saw a swish of dark fabric out of the corner of his eye and looked up to see Sherlock brushing past him. He almost stood and said something, but he stopped when he realized Sherlock wasn’t alone.
John could see that Sherlock had expected someone to appear. But he wouldn’t have been expecting John to walk out to meet him, seemingly of his own accord. Maybe that was all this was. Another way for Moriarty to dictate the terms of the meeting. Making sure nothing was as expected.
“Course you’re not,” said John idly. When Sherlock opened his mouth to issue the anticipated snarling reply, John cut across him and said, “Do you think all of this with Moriarty is going to come to a head? An actual confrontation, I mean.”
“Sir?” called Donovan’s voice. She had poked her head out of the remains of the front door from the destroyed building across the street, and was looking at Lestrade. “We need you inside.”
“Isn’t that a bit risky?” said John. “For her? If this does have anything to do with Moriarty.”
When Molly had left (giving him a timid wave as she drove away), Sherlock dug in his pocket and lit a cigarette. He leaned against the doors for several minute, taking long drags and expelling the smoky air from his lungs in discontented sighs. The night draped over the city like a heavy blanket and wrapped the solitary Detective in shadows, the glowing ember at the end of his cigarette illuminating his face in brief flashes.
“No?” asked John in disbelief. “But… I mean, I assumed since I’m okay, and don’t get me wrong, I’m glad, but – how? It’s an open bullet wound!”
One well-aimed eraser bouncing off the back of his head in science class could theoretically be enough to trigger one such lapse.
“Good. You have two minutes,” said Sherlock shortly, holding up two fingers. “Meet me in the hallway there. Act casual.”
John hung back near the ambulance, silent and still, hands clasped behind his back.
~o~O~o~
~o~O~o~
When the frogs had escaped into the school grounds, with no one noticing the rats in the fields that paid the price, and the class finally calmed down after their ordeal, Young Sherlock was brought to speak with his teacher and the headmaster.
“Correct.”
“Yes, yes,” said Sherlock, stepping out. “When I have information to pass along, I’ll pass it along. Until then, do me a favor and try not to worry.”
And Young Sherlock couldn't be responsible for taking it away from someone else.
Sherlock’s fingers—were they shaking? He couldn’t possibly be shaking. He most certainly was not shaking—twisted around to touch it. He strained, reaching long fingers strengthened from decades of playing the violin until he could scrawl letters in blood on the skin of his arm just below the sleeve. His captors, in a hurry to dispose of his body later without being seen, might not notice. But the police would. Forensics would. Oh God, if Anderson was the technician who happened to be working on solving
“Allgood Street in London and Farewell Place in Mitcham,” said Sherlock, and he dropped into his chair.
“Oh,” said John, and he sighed heavily. “Oh. Okay.”
Sherlock Holmes had presented himself to Detective Inspector Lestrade with a proposition that they cooperate on cases of a particularly challenging nature. Lestrade had initially thought this was all rather hilarious—because really, it takes a certain, special kind of nerve to specify that you only want to help when you feel like it, and the Yard didn’t work with pompous private detectives. But it was hardly a secret that budget cuts and general incompetency made an extra pair of hands hard to turn down around the Yard.
Not to mention, the Case had become that much more intriguing in the last six hours. Clearly, it wasn’t just Sherlock and the police who’d taken an interest in what John could tell, even if Sherlock was the only one who could facilitate John
"Of course," said Watson. "It's - extraordinary, it really is. It's like you were there. Like you saw the whole bloody thing."
The ceiling didn’t reply, for obvious reasons; but if it could have, it probably would have been sympathetic, for obvious reasons.
“I’m Mrs. Hudson,” she said. “The landlady. No doubt Sherlock forgot to mention names. He’s a silly one, but he’s such a sweetheart…” She noticed John’s arm and tutted in a quiet exclamation. “He didn’t mention you were recovering from anything either, the great clod!”
“Sorry.” John wasn’t particularly sorry. “Just makes you seem a little more human, knowing you can actually be clueless too.”
we leaving?”
“Look, this
Sherlock laced his fingers once more in front of himself. “I also don’t talk for hours at a time. Occasionally days. It’s nothing personal. Unless it is.”
And finally: I’ve at last determined that there will likely be 50 chapters total to this story (if I could write it forever, I would, but all good things must come to an end at some point…). I haven’t marked that officially on the chapter count just in case, but once I’ve solidified my outline I may do so. Which means we’re 72% of the way through this story as of this update!!
The excitement and adrenaline of the case had faded as his physical needs became more apparent and demanding, and he felt heavy and sluggish. And hurt. It was remarkable (in an infuriating kind of way) how much energy being in pain required, and how much sleeping could appeal after spending so much time unconscious over the last two days.
“I know,” said John, not understanding the importance of it. “I saw you do it.”
John seemed to have a particularly difficult time puzzling out this statement. “Why do you have a harpoon?” he asked finally.
John frowned in confusion, but Lestrade gaped.
but then again, why do research when you can write ANGST and people PUNCHING EACH OTHER
No, Young Sherlock decided, at nine years, ten months, four days, six hours, and thirty-seven minutes, as he walked back to his bedroom, slammed and locked the door, and curled up in the dark under his blankets. No. He could fix this on his own. He could do this alone.
“Debating,” his brother immediately interrupted.
John paused, frowning. “I’m sorry?”
“How reckless are you going to insist on being—“
“No. It’s not.” John regarded Moran with an unusually cold expression on his face. “We want to know how to talk to Moriarty directly. And then we want to know how you got in and out of Afghanistan to kill that informant without being caught by any of the numerous government agencies trying to hunt Moriarty down. And then I want to know how many other times we’ve crossed paths since you killed me.”
“Now it’s
The third…
?” he said, expression daring Sherlock to argue.
Watson laughed. "Hard to argue. I don't even know your name and you've apparently figured out… well, a hell of a lot about me. And what happened to me."
Sherlock turned on his heel in time to see a glimmer of something in the woman’s hand, who had spun around as he moved passed and reached after him. Instinctively, Sherlock reached towards her outstretched arm with both of his, catching her arm mid-lunge, and in a flash he pressed against the inside of the woman’s wrist with one hand and slammed against the back of her hand with the other. Her fist opened automatically, and the inertia from his hit sent the object in her hand flying through the air, until it scattered across the pavement.
“Of course,” said Sherlock, with a nod.
Shan lashed out, seizing hold of his chin to turn his face up to her, fingernails digging into his skin. Her face was tight, cold, threatening, but that fear in her expression had become much more real in the space of only a few seconds. “You talk big, but you know if you cross us further, you die. The Black Lotus Tong is protected. He has influence you cannot imagine. Even someone like you must understand what will happen if you continue, Mr. Holmes. You are
Sherlock shrugged. “He blew up a building, didn’t he? He’s conned. Betrayed. Killed.”
Also (and I make no promises, but) I'm desperately hoping for a mini update-bomb towards the end of July (by which I mean a couple weekly updates in a row or something of that ilk, to make up for past slowness). Since that's sort of this fic's birthday and because why not. We'll see how that goes but for now, know I fill just about every free minute I have with frenzied typing.
“When have I ever left you out of the loop, brother mine?” said Sherlock innocently, shutting the car door in Mycroft’s surly face. As Mycroft rolled the window down, Sherlock added, “You’ll be hearing from me. Quite soon, if I had to guess.”
?” said John.
Thanks for reading! Your feedback means the world to me. <3
Lestrade scowled. “Don’t start. We need to talk.”
There was no answer, though this wasn’t all that unusual. Sherlock never seemed to sleep, but on the rare occasions he slunk away to his bedroom, John had found that the man never budged unless he wanted to.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's right, she hated them," the victim had said, with a nod. "Though I think killing me was a bit of an overreaction, don't you—"
“Very loud,” said Sherlock, the volume of his voice reflecting that.
Sherlock’s lips quirked in a small smile. “That really won’t be a problem for me.”
I always really liked the Illustrious Client because Kitty’s just such a no-nonsense, revenge-seeking badass. I didn’t want to spend too long on each these puzzles for fear it would slow the story down too much, so she only gets a chapter… But that said, I loved writing her and giving her a chance to kick Gruner’s ass in my fic as well as in canon. No acid-to-the-face in this version, but it’ll do.
They may know, in less than twenty-four hours.
“There are,” said John thoughtfully, moving around to Sherlock’s back and examining the handcuffs, staying back and not touching anything. He kept instinctively reaching to try to do something, twitching his hands back at the last second so he didn’t touch Sherlock. “But they’re busy covering our arses right now, so I’m going to have to be good enough.”
Boredom may be several steps down from that, but he could still see the connection. The fact that the waiting would all pay off in the imminent future did little to make him any less impatient.
“Personal feelings complicate things.”
Sherlock let out a very loud, very sarcastic, very fake laugh and fixed John with an acutely judging look.
John shook his head slightly.
The Detective had come in, taken one look at the crime scene, and taken out his pocket magnifier, bending low to examine a few of the flamingos.
There was no sign of Soo Lin.
“Feeling any better?” John asked as they approached.
John caught a glimpse of the ticket number.
“He’s just trying to help,” said John, for at least the tenth time in an hour.
“You’ve got to find a better way to wake me up,” replied John groggily, rubbing his eyes. “This got old after the first time.”
“I can’t summon cases out of thin air, Sherlock.” John turned the page of the paper.
That said, I hope this case proved interesting anyway! I always wanted more detail on the Carl Powers thing in the show... with a lot of shows when people mention obscure deadly toxins, we all just sort of nod and go 'right, that's totally deadly' without demanding more info, but I live to research anything and everything. I probably spend about as much time researching things I'm writing about as I do actually writing. Gotta love Google. So I wanted to make the Carl Powers case more interesting to read about by adding in more information about botulinum effects and production that they didn't have time for in the show.
"Enough for a lifetime. Two lifetimes, even, seeing as I’m now on my second."
, thought Sherlock morbidly, as he stumbled into the dark flat and sank onto the sofa in the living room with a muffled groan. He curled on his side, ignoring the way it made his chest and abdomen hurt, and shut his eyes.
“You’ve got to keep me up to date on these things,” said John, sitting back. “Look, I know you’re bored sitting around waiting, but until about twenty minutes ago, I didn’t even know what we were sitting around waiting
Mrs. Hudson chuckled, and patted Sherlock’s arm. “I was getting to know John, silly,” she said. “I like to know my tenants.”
“Well, your timing was perfect,” said Lestrade grudgingly, turning to look at Sherlock. “I still think it was pretty thick-headed of you to run off after Moran on your own, but I won’t deny that it might turn out to be useful, knowing which way he went as he ran off. We’re lucky you and John turned up when you did.”
It didn’t escape Moriarty’s notice. He smirked and took a step back, flicking the last few beads of water on his fingertips towards Sherlock’s face. “I hate to say this, my dear, but you’ve been a bit of a disappointment tonight,” he said. “You keep refusing to do what I ask—and I have to admit, I’m getting just a touch angry.”
Sherlock gaped at him, harpoon hanging limply in his arms. “It’s five in the morning!” he said.
WE'RE BACK
Next update is guaranteed before New Year's, or so help me I'll turn myself into shoes.
The facts were these:
The reply was short and almost immediate.
Sherlock’s rekindled desire to go rushing off in search of new leads had only been hindered (somewhat) by John, who was quite obviously a lot more concerned about the fact that Moriarty was dangerous than Sherlock was. When Sherlock made it plain that it wasn’t wise for John to venture out if Moriarty was still looking for him (never mind his new collection of IDs stashed carefully in the drawer of John’s bedside table), John had grudgingly agreed that going with the police during the Lucky Cat raid and going with Sherlock on casework had been risky. But that didn’t mean John was willing to let Sherlock go off alone now, which was how the Detective had found himself spending an unreasonable amount of time with DI Lestrade, at John’s insistence.
It was past noon before Sherlock returned. John had been curled up in a chair with a medical journal—which he’d discovered sandwiched between a dictionary and a very old book of fairytales that seemed distinctly out of place in Sherlock’s otherwise entirely scientific library—for nearly two hours, and he looked up sharply as Sherlock entered and shut the door behind himself.
“Lestrade?”
Gruner broke the silence. “I will
I’m back!! Apologies for the long delay; some of you may recall I was majorly distracted with my candidacy exams (which unfortunately I have to retake in the fall, but such is life! We must persevere. That said thank you all so much for your encouragement last chapter! <3 :’) It means a lot) and then a lot of research and research trips, including a week and a half out of the country with no computer. But! I am back and back in the flow of chapters, so updates will resume their usual every-other-week schedule through the summer.
Sherlock had spent the entirety of the afternoon and evening working on the necessary preparations. The wait had been the most tedious part; not willing to be distracted by anything save the task at hand, Sherlock had only needed a little over two hours to get the necessary tools and information, and had then simply spent the better part of six hours running over details in his mind and getting thoroughly bored.
“Well,” said Sherlock, not sure if John was being satirical or not. He drained his cup of tea in one to save himself the trouble of having to figure out the answer. His mind drifted back to Moriarty.
John left the flat early himself, passing a note on the skull from Sherlock that read “
“He’s here because I can bring people back from the dead, Mycroft!” Sherlock flung the words across the room before he could stop them.
John shrugged, burying his hands in the pockets of his jacket. “I was just thinking that this guy almost definitely has military training. And to be honest, I’ve seen a lot of injuries like that—“ a gesture to Shan’s head “—and one in particular is jumping out in my memory.”
“Right, so.” John organized his thoughts and continued questioningly, “So, you can touch a dead person and bring them back to life. But if you touch them again… they die?”
John swallowed. Being the only person was perhaps worthy of concern, but he couldn’t help but feel it was significant, more than anything. He was needed to solve this. Needed as a source of information, rather than a source of evidence. And that carried weight. It carried purpose. It
“Then
“I should never wear cerise, apparently,” came Mrs. Hudson’s voice from within. “Drains me.”
The car rumbled down the street and turned onto a main road, leaving 221B behind with no signs of circling back.
That made John feel ever so slightly better about sitting and waiting. “I suppose waiting here is as good as waiting anywhere, then.”
“I can see that, but
Sherlock scrolled through an online listing of police responses to 999 calls and other reported incidents throughout the Greater London area and surrounding suburbs. Nothing about Bart’s. This was unexpected, but not a bad thing. Although there would almost certainly be something by morning. With luck, however, security footage wouldn’t reveal anything identifying or incriminating. He’d been careful to leave no fingerprints. And Sherlock
“Even I have my limits,” said Sherlock.
“And dangerous people are a liability we cannot afford. That he cannot afford,” said Shan. One more step backwards brought her over the threshold and into the hall.
,” said John, speaking for the first time in several minutes. “The context and backstory are good, but we need something more recent than any of that.”
“You promise?”
“An art gallery. I’d posed for a painting and I wanted to support the artist at the opening. He turned up and we hit it off. Unfortunately for me.”
“I’m lost,” conceded John. “Are you sure this is what you’re supposed to be solving?”
“Hm. So. Body is gone,” he said carefully. “No obvious way to identify the thieves, if your people have found no significant fingerprints on the coffin or around the building and there is no video.”
Sherlock squeezed her hand. “The sniper isn’t going to get away. Nor will Moriarty, soon enough.”
He had so little time, if he wanted to beat Moriarty to the chase.
He was thirty-three years, nine months, thirteen days, twenty-hours, and forty-eight minutes old.
“I gotcha,” said Lestrade, nodding. “I’ll have them compared and I’ll let you know as soon as I know if they’re from the same gun.”
There was bruising—an angry, mottled contusion in a band parallel to a couple of Sherlock’s ribs—but no obvious major trauma. John was certain it was only bruising, and not a break. Still, it was obviously painful. He touched one rib, barely, and Sherlock twitched. “Stabbing or aching pain? Trouble breathing?” said John again.
“It could have been a trick,” said Sherlock, wishing that Moriarty
John’s heart skipped a beat.
“But how is that a message?”
to be solved in conjunction with other people. Mycroft and Lestrade and Kitty and the rest of them. And you. I might have been able to do it on my own, of course, but the process was greatly aided and expedited through cooperation. And I appreciate you forcing me to acknowledge that might be the case.”
Very late chapter, but hopefully it's (marginally) worth it! <3
“I’m flattered. I’m sure there are very few you’d deem worth the expense. Or the time.”
,” he said again, voice rising to a yell.
To which John’s response was invariably some iteration of ‘I don’t care’.
John hurried past Sherlock to the far side of the bed, and grabbed one of his pillows, and then he drew his arm back and hurled the pillow at Sherlock’s head. It smacked the Detective with enough force to knock him back a few steps—enough time for John to seize the duffel bag and drag it to his side of the bed, firmly pulling everything out again and dumping it on the floor. “No.”
“At this hour? Bit late for him. No, that was a client ring. Someone who needs something. Pressure and brevity hints at urgency and unease. But it’s as odd an hour for clients. And Mycroft or Lestrade would have texted if they were planning to stop in. You don’t think…?” Sherlock got up and paced to the window, looking out to try to catch a glimpse of whoever was at the front steps. It wasn’t as if he expected Moriarty or the sniper to be on their doorstep—or ringing the bell, for that matter—but something about an unexpected visitor at this time of day just didn’t sit right.
Moriarty tilted his head. “Is that a challenge.”
Sherlock gave up protesting and let John lift him up, cautiously, but he stepped away once he was firmly on his feet. He looked out the window, out across the debris-strewn street beyond. “Bomb,” he said, more to himself than to anyone else, his mind obviously struggling to get past the tumultuous ringing in his ears.
Sherlock gestured for John to answer.
John turned back to Mycroft and opened his mouth to comment, but paused when he noticed Mycroft watching Sherlock’s movements closely. Uneasy, he looked at Sherlock again, trying to glean something meaningful.
“Make two cups. Milk is in the fridge and tea and sugar are on the counter,” said Sherlock with a careless wave of the hand. John nodded once more and smiled (Sherlock got weirder and weirder by the minute), and then he returned his attention to setting up a bed on the sofa.
Sherlock dropped the shock blanket in the back of the ambulance. “Fine. As long as you can assure me you aren’t going to be stupid about it and die.”
The rest of that day, and the entirety of the next, held to that pattern of watch schedules. John spent both mornings in the little café across the street from the antiquities museum’s rear exit, watching employees and service workers bustle in and out. The second morning, he spotted Soo Lin as she came in to work, but she hurried inside and did not reappear. But on both days, at precisely noon, John finished his tea and made his way back to Baker Street.
“Don’t be thick, the
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock interrupted him. “He was prepared for everything. He had the entire timeline worked out perfectly.” He scratched his head with the barrel of the gun, pacing up and down the side of the pool.
Moriarty sighed, “Yeah, okay, I did. I’ve invested a lot in getting you to play, ever since you showed up on my radar. I’ve given you a glimpse, Sherlock—just a teeny glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world.”
~o~O~o~
Sherlock didn’t bother wasting time with an answer. He turned on his heel and ran the last few steps to the entryway. He wrenched the door open and stepped into the lobby. John followed without further question.
An older woman—the same woman, Sherlock knew instantly, who had first attacked him on the street however long ago it was now—stood in the doorway. Her lackey gave her one look and exited at top speed, getting out of her way.
“I’m going to pretend that wasn’t a jab.” John and Sherlock walked back up the stairs into their flat and collapsed into chairs, suddenly both infinitely more tired.
"Hey, mate?" said Watson, watching Sherlock suddenly sink down in alarm. He reached out a hand to Sherlock. "Uh… uh, sir? Are you all right?"
“Not hard enough.”
John smiled a bit.
“Yeah, well… It’s probably equally me being overtired and me being tired of not doing anything.”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson,” said John, beaning Sherlock square in the face with a biscuit. “You’re not our housekeeper, after all.”
share with his parents, his brother, any members of his family, fellow students at his school, anyone he saw on the street or, in short, anyone. Because the gift to give life was something people would go mad for.
“Who would sponsor a serial killer?” said Sherlock.
They lapsed into a disgruntled silence. John tried not to be annoyed, but it was difficult not to be, when he knew without a doubt he was in the dark on what was happening.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “Sorry about that. About not being able to do anything about it.”
Thank you all so much for reading, and thank you for your feedback! It means a lot <3
anyone about my Gift. Lestrade discovered it for himself, and you—well… But no one else knows. Or will know.”
The only thing John knew is that Sherlock wasn’t going to bail him out of this one. He couldn’t. It was John’s responsibility to protect Sherlock’s secret. Whatever the consequences.
“God, that sounds dreadful,” said Sherlock.
Mycroft lowered the breathing mask and sighed. “To be frank, I don’t have all the details yet. The full story will require looking at the video from the building, and talking things through with my security team.”
... He had no idea where he was.
The only real question remaining to them—at least, the only real question that mattered in Sherlock’s mind—was how much more digging it was going to take to get Moriarty to come out of the shadows.
“I…” Sherlock blinked, thrown by the question. “What do you mean, what
Lestrade paused, and finally nodded.
, without even a
Gruner gestured down a hall. “Why don’t we go through to my office? That’s where I keep my collection.”
“So really, we’ve just confirmed what we already suspected,” concluded Sherlock. “It seems to me that you just have more suspicions to add to our own.”
“Certainly not nothing. The smallest details have a weight when it comes to Moriarty.” Mycroft returned the photograph to his briefcase. “I have the feeling that you and I have been chasing Moriarty for about the same time. MI5 lost the informant that John met mere hours before we were anticipating getting his information on a criminal scandal that would defy any expectation. We weren’t given specifics, but the names given as proof-of-legitimacy were related to highly sensitive information. The intel was almost definitely genuine. Which made the loss of the informant especially troubling. And it wasn’t the first time something of this nature had happened, either, so we were even more suspicious.” He paused, looking at Sherlock uneasily. “Could…” He cleared his throat. “Could
“Hopefully, not my life?”
John nodded. “Maybe by then all of this stuff with Moriarty will be over.”
“I assume you’re here for a reason, Lestrade,” continued Sherlock, riffling through a folder.
Sherlock nodded. He glanced at Soo Lin, who was still sitting in her chair in the middle of the living room. “Come on. We need to let her leave quickly to minimize the chance she’s spotted here.”
“What? No,” said Sherlock, a little thrown by John’s lack of appropriate enthusiasm. “Well, yes, but that’s not the point. They’re from Moriarty. They’re the message.”
“How much did you interact with my brother when you came to the Lucky Cat with Lestrade?” asked Sherlock.
REALLY not appreciating your tone there, John
“I don’t
At that, Soo Lin raised her eyebrows. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock dropped the
Including the tenants living in 221B, which is precisely why Sherlock went to great lengths to make sure that his landlady knew absolutely nothing about his gift.
Beyond that, there was little of interest in the room.
Anyway, it was fun for me to write, and I hope it was fun for you to read!
"Then let's just get to the
John set himself to the task of making them both tea. He brought two mugs into the living room—setting one with sugar on the coffee table for Sherlock and keeping one without for himself—before he sat.
“… Did you really think you were going to die?” said John finally.
somewhere in an outrageously expensive mahogany paneled office in a ritzy club for unsociable assholes, Mycroft is
Sherlock was only a few feet from the front doors where there was an almighty
job.”
But Sherlock strode forward, without even looking at John. He stopped in front of Mycroft’s desk, beside John, and it was taking nearly all of his self control not to flip Mycroft’s desk in order to punch his brother in the face.
He could do this himself. He just needed the space and permission to do so.
Without another word, John retreated up the stairs to his room, needing the distance and the door to get away from everything. If only it wasn’t possible to.
“I think I can manage,” said John.
Sherlock’s skill with deduction was based on the rapid digestion of observations. Information flowed through his mind at a breakneck speed, and he processed it all. His responses to what he observed, through sound and smell and touch as much as sight, were therefore based on the progression of events he could see before they even happened. Time always had numerous paths forward, but it was his task to anticipate them all and react in turn. And there were times when all of this analysis moved too quickly even for his mind to lay out in a coherent sequence. He would just
He sighed a little more.
Sherlock stared at her. “
Sherlock glanced at John, almost in spite of himself—John’s jaw was set, gaze angled down. He wasn’t certain if Moriarty’s comment was meant to call to mind John’s supposed death in Afghanistan or his career experience as a doctor in a warzone. Either way, he could see John actively working to give no indication which it was, so Sherlock did the same, if only to buy himself another moment or two. “He’s not my pet.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I think so.”
John decided he really needed to lie down again and sank back on the sofa.
His eyes were fixed on Sherlock, his eyes wide and his face pale.
“I must say, I was surprised when you vanished from the morgue at Bart’s. And even more surprised when you waltzed into the Lucky Cat a few weeks later. Your expiration date had long since passed. Not to be rude, but you were supposed to be dead. And the people I want dead don’t usually stay alive.”
Sherlock shook his head, and said, “I prefer to get my information through museums rather than private art dealers. But he’s the foremost expert for a hundred miles in any direction. And the only lead I have.”
“Do not panic,” he hissed, closing his eyes and forcing his breathing to even out. “
“Yes, well,” said Mycroft, his tone turning a little sour, “I had to retrieve my car.”
The next chapter will be up as soon as I can finish it — once my candidacy exam is done (and successful, this time, I dearly hope!) in a couple weeks, I’ll be churning out chapters, so stay tuned!
No Sherlock.
“For the next message.”
home and the
His feet went out from under him. Sherlock’s head smacked the ground.
Sherlock laughed, and the effort almost hurt. “You don’t even know what that is,” he said. “You’re controlling, not caring. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to go home.” He turned to go, signaling an end to the conversation.
But John hadn’t asked to get involved in this. Sherlock had gotten him involved, for better or worse, when he’d let one minute pass unchecked. So now, John’s life was his responsibility. Whatever the consequences.
Lestrade ushered the two of them out of the morgue, and Sherlock and John quickly walked down the hall and out the nearest door onto the street.
He couldn’t see movement anywhere. He could barely see anything, for that matter, and what little he could make out was covered in a layer of dust, glass, and debris.
to find something personal to threaten them with, at which point he was able to use them to aid in planting an explosive around the building
how it was going to be? Intimidation? Pain? Torture? A bomb, a sniper, and a killer, all meant to persuade him to admit his secrets? But—
Sherlock spun about to look at John, a sharp look in his eye that demanded support.
, it had all been too close.
“Maybe, once in all of hundreds of crimes, something will unravel.”
Mycroft lowered the oxygen mask so he could give Sherlock an unhindered scowl. “Thanks ever so.”
“The Secret Intelligence Service?” he said. “Your brother has an in with the SIS?”
“Yes,” he said shortly.
John looked after Sherlock and swallowed. “The hell am I
Sherlock smiled thinly. “We’ll have to see how Moriarty responds to Moran’s capture. We’ll know how to proceed when we know how Moriarty is going to behave after this.”
“We’ve got nothing,” said John flatly.
Kitty’s mouth twisted, and she wrung her hands in her lap. “I heard about her,” she said. “He married her not that long after he and I – well, after we broke it off, so to speak. … I should have turned him in years ago. Maybe she wouldn’t be dead if I had. Maybe she wouldn’t have married him at all.”
John nodded. “Do you have a plan?”
Sherlock pursed his lips. “… Come on,” he said, and he got to his feet. John followed suit, and they filed out of the café and across the street.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Perhaps your sniper was good but not good enough. John Watson survived a life-threatening wound to the left shoulder. Not only did he live, but he was given your name by the informant who double-crossed you. How does the saying go? ‘No honor among thieves’—or in your case I should say no honor among arms dealers. In any case, the still-living Watson is sent into hiding and smuggled back to the UK on the pretense of being dead. He was never in St. Bart’s morgue, though you certainly thought he was. He’s not the only soldier to leave the field in a body bag. I was brought in to complete the subterfuge. I regularly advise the police and I have connections to people at the highest levels of British intelligence. You’ve infiltrated the usual spy networks before, so instead it’s decided that control of the investigation will go to me. You send your people to steal a body only to find no body to steal. I assume you wanted John’s body to destroy it. After all, you wouldn’t want to leave a bullet in a corpse that you didn’t manage to blow to smithereens, and you do seem to enjoy playing mind games with the British government. But instead you get nothing and Watson, not dead, goes into a kind of witness protection under my supervision. I find you, thanks to his information and your blundering smugglers failing to kill me when they had the chance. And now here we are.”
The Holmes brothers might deal purely in logic, but John was not like them. To him, sentiment had just as much validity, and right now, this was sentiment. Coming here was pure sentiment.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "What are you doing?"
“You say that like it’s stupid to be worried when a criminal mastermind makes it very clear that he knows where you work.”
Maybe a couple biscuits.
“Of course not,” said Sherlock. “If anything, it makes it more interesting. Moriarty’s interested, now. We just have to be more careful, too.”
“You can say that again,” said John, his voice gently breaking through Sherlock’s thoughts. “The puzzles alone are pretty different from the typical miscreant, if you ask me.”
John frowned deeply. “I’m not sure I understand.”
“See for yourself,” said Sherlock dramatically. He spread out a sheet of plastic on part of the kitchen table, and then he revealed the pair of trainers he’d found at the site of Shan’s murder (each sealed in a large plastic evidence bag) and set them down with a flourish, beaming.
CLIFFHANGERRRRR
Sherlock glanced up as John made to go back upstairs with his cup of tea. “Lestrade just texted.”
“No matter,” said Mycroft. “I’ll work with whatever you can give me.”
"Voice of reason," grumbled Sherlock.
Sherlock gestured to John. “I brought John back. I know you know how he died, and how important the events surrounding his death may have been. So when I was offered the case, I took it. I brought him back. And he’s staying with me, until I can catch the people who killed him.” He stepped forward, and tapped the photo of John on the desk. “You know John Watson died in Afghanistan. And you’re right. He did. And then I brought him back almost a month ago. He
And then there were footsteps.
got a lot to talk about tomorrow.
“Hilarious,” said John sarcastically, leading his way toward the doors.
Sherlock stopped himself from rolling his eyes at the last second, and took out his phone, setting the timer to one minute.
Lestrade suddenly looked extremely uncomfortable. “I called in a favor.”
And paced.
He had no way of knowing Sherlock felt exactly the same, about him. A fact which Sherlock found fascinating, and concerning. John was proving to be unexpectedly illuminating in a world where nearly everyone in it was dull and lackluster.
“Be discrete getting there. Watch the service doors from a distance and be back here by noon. Text if there’s an issue,” said Sherlock.
“And we’re not the only ones who want to learn as much as we can as quickly as we can,” said Sherlock, checking his phone while they walked. “I think all three of us want answers more than sleep right now.”
“Do you want me to get that for you?” asked John, gesturing to the phone on the floor between them.
“How,” said John, “can you
Sherlock looked at his brother in exasperation, before elaborating, “We were arguing—“
Shan’s fingers dug into his face, and then she released him.
“And very elusive.”
John nodded, and as Sherlock turned back to his laptop and started typing up an email, he went to make tea.
“It’s so easy making people run about helter-skelter, whether it’s for me or from me,” said Moriarty. “Take the little tiff by your lovely little flat a few days ago, for example.”
“What’s so funny?” came Sherlock’s suspicious drawl from the hallway. Both John and Lestrade turned, to find Sherlock standing in the doorway tugging off his scarf, and their giggles redoubled.
haven’t bothered to properly introduce yourself, I’m not feeling much inclined to do better.”
For once, it would be fine to have made a deductive mistake. He could live with being wrong.
“Sherlock looked at John. A wide grin was crossing Sherlock’s face. He could see what John was thinking. There was a pause.
The third thing, once he’d forced his eyes open, was that he was alone.
Sherlock frowned a little into his mug of tea.
know that?”
Something was wrong, but Sherlock was clearly not giving any answers.
“John?” she asked, looking up as he hurried over to her. “What on Earth was that crash? It made the whole house move. Frightened me half to death…”
“Because it’s too late to undo things now, and it might have done some good,” said John. “Maybe I wasn’t happy to be doing something that carried so much risk, but without Soo Lin’s help, we would wake up tomorrow to find that every single link we had leading us to Moriarty was gone.”
“Oh, of course,” said Moriarty, with a decisive nod. “Considering how you’ve been hiding him away all this time, he must be very interesting indeed.” He took a step towards Sherlock. “But why is that, exactly?”
Sherlock glared at the mobile on the floor and left it there. “—full discussion regarding your…”
~o~O~o~
Sherlock’s bloody wrists bled and his muscles trembled with exertion. But even as he did so, Sherlock understood he was more likely to rip off his hands than break the chain, with such insufficient torque and no momentum. He stopped, breathing hard.
Plus, I wanted to explore something a little new and a little terrifying - namely, Sherlock actually feeling fear.
AO3 was having some update issues recently, so if you missed the notification, the second puzzle was finished up last chapter.
Young Sherlock did look up this time. “I don’t like it,” he said, voice steady even though his heart was hammering against his ribcage.
“I still wish I had.”
John glanced at Sherlock.
Lestrade stepped forward, sensing that the gears in Sherlock’s mind were beginning to turn. “Because this Moriarty guy was trying to silence her?” he asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
He and John dropped their hands, wearing matching uncomfortable expressions.
Young Sherlock sniffed miserably and dabbed some of the blood from his chin with a wet paper towel.
“No, no, it’s…” Sherlock’s mind was blank again, his brain derailed for just a second. It was unprecedented, how often John managed to do that. Most people never did. “It’s interesting,” he said finally.
Sherlock didn’t reply, instead bracing himself and dragging his body up, to his knees and then to his feet.
“You were dead. Now you aren’t,” said Sherlock flatly. He would need a more detailed question. Because he wasn’t entirely sure where or how to begin himself.
John licked his lips. “You,” he said, “are insane. Absolutely, undeniably insane.”
But he could try.
“I promise, yes,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes again.
~o~O~o~
John hesitated.
OH MY GOD I'M FINALLY BACK
“So you said in your first note,” said Sherlock. “That’s what you do, isn’t it? You’re at the center of a web of criminal connections tugging at threads. The looming puppeteer tugging on this string or that string directing every move your people make without having to show yourself. Always above it all. Profiting off those less skilled. Orchestrating perfect chaos.”
AND HE LOOKS AT ME
“Easy does it,” cautioned John, and Sherlock was prevented from snapping at him by the need for concentration. He hurt so much more now than he had a few hours ago when he’d tried to escape…
“You’re not sleeping at Bart’s,” John panted. He gently took Sherlock’s arm by the elbow and dragged him back inside. John looked up to meet his companion’s eyes. Sherlock actually looked hurt.
Sherlock suddenly reached out and grabbed John’s sleeve by the elbow, tugging sharply on the jacket’s fabric. “
When Mycroft stepped out onto the front step of 221B, Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him. “Problem?”
“Here’s a question,” said John. “I thought Moran was Moriarty’s bomb man? So how did he orchestrate this without Moran?”
John looked from Sherlock to Lestrade in confusion, but Lestrade looked like he’d lost his nerve, and Sherlock his patience.
purely by chance.”
“Duly noted, and appreciated,” said Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson reached over to pat him fondly on the shoulder.
The pieces clicked into place.
time you listen to me.”
“I mean, it’s rather obvious, isn’t it?” said Sherlock. A glance in John’s direction revealed that it was, in fact, not all that obvious. Sherlock sighed and continued, gesturing to the paint on the door, “What it
“Well,” said Sherlock, finally getting to his feet to leave, “I’d hate to irritate you.”
But, dreaming or awake, their thoughts were essentially the same.
Real investigations, John knew, were not like that. After a whirlwind of drama, with Sherlock being abducted, then rescued, followed by Shan’s death, Shan’s second death, and Mycroft’s interference, there was bound to be a period of quiet. Particularly now that the trail leading to Moriarty had, for the moment, gone cold.
in the way. If you’d stayed back a moment longer and stayed out of my way, then our paths never would have had to cross again.”
Moriarty offered a rueful little frown. “Only if I need to. It’s your own fault. You’re the one who decided to go poking around, and now you’re in my way.”
“Right,” said Molly, laughing slightly and smoothing her hair a little nervously. “I’m sure you…“
After a long time, John looked over at Sherlock and said, “Is this some kind of test?”
"We were hoping to get a look at the guy who came in last night," said Lestrade. "The soldier."
But -
Mrs. Hudson patted his uninjured arm. “He’ll be on the move again in no time. He’s one of those big-thinker types. Always has to have something to do…” And with that, she took her leave, and John busied himself with tidying up first the kitchen, then the linen closet, then the scant areas of the sitting room that weren’t covered in Sherlock’s books and papers. When he’d exhausted every source of distraction he could think of, he sat down in the living room again.
Somehow, listening to Moriarty talk merrily in his ear as if he didn’t have a care in the world was more terrifying than he ever would have imagined.
Sherlock stopped. “Sister.” He slapped his forehead. “Damn, that’s what I got wrong.
“Look,” said Lestrade. “You know I’ve talked with your brother before. I mean, I’m not exactly in regular contact with him, but we’ve talked, once or twice.”
Sherlock shook his head mutely.
And paced.
"What for?" said Sherlock.
Sherlock actually babbled, “Standard unit of time. And anyway, a minute is a long time. A lot can happen in a minute. The longer a person is around, the more likely it is that something horrible can happen—not that this is any fault of theirs, or maybe it is. I'm only saying…”
But John suddenly looked so small and lost, like an anchorless boat adrift at sea, that Sherlock couldn’t help but feel like he
“Just shut up.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. Instead he straightened. “I’ll see if Molly Hooper can provide me with access to documents and reports.”
Between Sherlock being reckless, John being emotionally hurt by Sherlock's blasé attitude about being reckless, and everyone worrying about a) Soo Lin, b) Moran, and c) Mycroft I think everyone involved has earned a nice break. A lovely vacation. Some good ol' R&R.
The man stopped in front of Sherlock, mostly likely checking to see if Sherlock was awake.
Sherlock watched. “It’s a shame my injuries aren’t more interesting,” he said after a moment. “As treatments go, these seem fairly simplistic. Now,
“I’d like your honest response, then, if you don’t mind,” said Mycroft, his demeanor immediately more businesslike, sharper, shrewder.
“Lookit!” said the Bully, voice louder now that he’d found something new to make fun of. “Looks like arts and crafts if you ask me. Look at these big needles on the cover. Are you
,” said Lestrade, and he bolted from the room at full tilt, flying out the doors into the hallway.
Sherlock blinked—this man got stranger by the minute (which was as close to a compliment as Sherlock gave, nine times out of ten)—and said, “There are some additional things worth noting about the conditions of your being – well, here. For now, the—“
“When I… discovered my Gift, it became essential that I establish Rules. Rules to keep both myself and others from abusing it,” continued Sherlock tentatively. “I knew that I could tell no one. My parents, my brother… I never told them. I have never
Sherlock let out an exasperated sigh. "Sherlock Holmes, idiot. The name is Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock frowned. “What about her?”
And happy holidays! I hope you're all cozy, content, and carefree, and I love you all for sticking with me this long! <3
He straightened, looking down at the screen. It wasn’t surprising. He hadn’t expected Moriarty to reach out in such an obvious fashion. Especially not in a fashion that could have been, theoretically, traced through IP addresses. Moriarty would be the only person who would comment on a post like this one, so any comment would have been worth tracing. But no, it wasn’t going to be that easy. Moriarty would find another way to point Sherlock in the direction of the next message. He just had to be watching for it.
The loading dock was the logical way to get into St. Bart’s. Sherlock had considered that option himself the day before. It was one of the easiest ports of access, and was one of the least watched methods of ingress. High traffic in and out throughout the day coupled with a viable excuse for being there and a large door. The only hazard was that it was easier to notice a large,
Lestrade was so heavily inspired by Emerson Cod from Pushing Daisies in this entire chapter that I had to quote the "oh HELL no". It's his best known line. I had to do it.
I am super grateful for any and all feedback - especially comments - as I venture off the beaten path with this case. :3 Thanks for sticking with me! You're the best ~
Sure enough, a small figure, his hands deep in his pockets, was already walking off down Baker Street, the gathering dark swallowing him up.
Sherlock stared.
for each other. You just don’t see it yet. Which is disappointing, though I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. Maybe I’ve rushed things a bit.”
sniper as his personal assassin supports our theory that Moran is as close to the center of the web as it is possible to get.”
Lestrade stood to the side. “Hi Sherlock. Mind if I stick around for this?”
“It’s not a coincidence,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes. “This should be very easy for you to understand. He was
“Well, I’m not going to be the one washing it off!” Mrs. Hudson declared, looking at Sherlock expectantly who, in turn, looked at John.
to think of something a little more important than your flawless arrest record that
“Good,” said Sherlock crisply. “I think it should be a favorable arrangement for you. At the very least a unique experience.”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re right here!” answered Lestrade, calling back as he and Sherlock finally reached the top landing and stepped into the room behind John. “All clear. But get a medic, will you?”
“I can’t,” protested Lestrade. “I really can’t have people digging around in this case. I don’t need to try to slap together some sort of a cover-up on top of everything else. This is already messy enough.”
Sherlock fixed his eyes on a spot on the surface of the table. “I wouldn’t need to be hostile if everyone just listened to me and left me alone. This isn’t an ordinary case; this is
There was nothing. No flash of light, no flash of darkness. Yao lay unchanged on the tiled floor, dead and still.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
He wasn’t.
Lestrade looked unsure, but he nodded slowly.
Sherlock ducked past the nearest of Mycroft’s security team, as they moved as if they wanted to hold him back, and he took off down the hall.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. It all certainly sounded more ostentatious than it could afford to be. People didn’t need to know about his Gift to know something was amiss…
Nineteen seconds.
Sherlock finally turned his head just enough to look at John out of the corner of one eye. “This can wait until morning,” he said.
Sherlock nodded. “It’s like Mycroft said. It’s only a matter of time before Moriarty and I engage. I’m not letting him ignore me. We just have to figure out how he’s going to send his message, and when. Decoding whatever it is he sends when we find it will be another challenge entirely. But it means this case, contrary to what we believed just this morning, is far from at a standstill.”
, Lestrade.”
“S-Sure,” said John, before he could figure out a good reason for saying no.
“They’re numbers,” said John.
“A fact, I think.”
Sherlock was obviously thinking along the same lines. He reached forward shakily. “Shit,” he muttered, hands hovering around the coat without actually touching it. They were trembling. “Shit. I need to…”
Young Sherlock kept his eyes on the leader. Young Sherlock was only a child, and inexperienced in the ways of the world, but he knew enough about people—and, truth be told, enough about boys, and bullies, and morons—to know that all it took was one to make his point.
“Mm.”
“Little, beyond what I’ve told you,” said Sherlock. He considered exactly how much to tell. He preferred to keep something back. Namely, what was still uncertain. So finally, he continued, “As I said, the police have noticed you are missing from the morgue. They assume body-snatching, but have no leads as of yet. Nor much in the way of a definitive motive. Obviously, there’s speculation that you could somehow constitute evidence relating to a terrorist threat in London, but I’ve already told them that you don’t, not as a dead man.”
John nodded stiffly, an odd twitch of the head. “Maybe. Maybe I just wasn’t prepared for the possibility that it would be someone I’d recognize. Now we’re both just… dead men walking.”
“More and more every passing second.” Sherlock’s tact seemed to have abandoned him in lieu of some less mortifying venue. Perhaps horror was making him bold.
“Hurry!” called one of the women, and Sherlock wasted no time in trotting back the way he’d come and throwing open the doors. He hurried inside, and vanished out of sight of the street.
“I’m a doctor, yeah,” said John, seeing no way to lie.
Sherlock shifted. “He doesn’t have any use for failures,” he said grimly.
, Gary… I don’t care what your name actually is.
are you doing here?” he demanded furiously.
“You’re kidding,” protested John.
He scanned the streets ahead as he ran, watching, hoping—and then Moran ran across the road only a short distance ahead, rolling over the hood of a car that screeched to a halt, the driver blasting the horn as they slammed on the brakes.
“Don’t try to play me off like you would any other idiot on the street,” said Mycroft coldly, and John shut up. “You told me when I dropped by the scene at the Lucky Cat Emporium that you’re a friend of Inspector Lestrade’s. Lestrade also informs me you’re Sherlock’s new neighbor.”
because we’re all trying to keep you alive. And then you fucking run off after Moran,
need to resort to measures like that if things go south?”
“He sounds like a delightful person,” said John, which caused Sherlock to look up in disgust to find John’s face positively glowing with sarcasm.
“Makes sense, I guess,” said John. He settled in his chair, already resigned to spend the day in the flat. “Let me know how it goes.”
Sherlock and Gruner sat at the desk—Gruner behind it and Sherlock in a chair in front—and Sherlock set his box on the table and slid it gently towards Gruner.
John scowled down at his notebook and looked up, mouth open to iterate an insistence, only to find Sherlock
“And again,” said Sherlock, sitting back and pocketing his phone, “there is a terrorist threat on our hands. You’re not forgotten.”
"Yes, hello," Sherlock had said flatly to the impaled woman, who was looking in amused wonder at the flamingo sticking out of her ribcage, "I only wanted to check – it was your neighbor two doors down who murdered you, correct? The overzealous marigold enthusiast who runs the homeowner's association for the neighborhood. Not a fan of gaudy plastic flamingos, I expect."
John looked at Sherlock, who met John’s gaze and started to roll his eyes but stopped himself halfway through and changed his expression to one of polite interest. John sighed. “Text me the address, Gre—Inspector,” he said, fishing his phone out of his pocket. “Sherlock and I will take the case.”
“Do not make me make some kind of threat,” said Mycroft tersely, his tone making it perfectly clear that doing so would not require much effort.
“Fine?”
The remaining survivors of the convoy shouted the all-clear and John was the one who made it first to the side of the informant, grievously wounded by a piece of shrapnel piercing his chest. John was preparing to administer emergency life support when the man gasped in terror at something over John's shoulder. John had whipped around to look, a hand going for his gun. He had seen nothing but a flash of light in the distance, when the informant grabbed John's gun arm and croaked out, realizing John was a soldier, "Tell them it was M—" before John's life ended in a swift bullet to the chest just below the collarbone by his left shoulder, right over his heart.
He stood up, crossing to the kitchen. He got a water bottle out of one of the cabinets, and brought it back to the living room, handing it to Sherlock along with a bottle of pain relievers. “Drink the glass of water on the table, take a couple paracetamol, bring the water bottle with you to your room, and go to bed.”
"I know," said Lestrade, glancing at the silent Sherlock. Lestrade still found anything like this unsettling at the very least, and downright depressing at most. But Sherlock was always impassive.
One look at Lestrade told Sherlock that whatever it was Lestrade had to say, it likely wasn’t going to be pleasant conversation.
“I’m inclined to believe this is the case, considering you have appeared and a body has disappeared,” said Mycroft, his manner gaining an edge of distaste. “I really must applaud you, therefore, on your ability to convincingly fake your own death while in the field. Considering there was no time to perform an autopsy, you were able to return to England without complications, and then spirit yourself away. And now you’re involved with Sherlock, who is for whatever reason aiding and abetting your deception. You can imagine that the potential charges you could be facing have just become much more severe. Desertion seems obvious. Deserting in the middle of active service. Malingering, potentially, considering you would have had to fake a fatal bullet wound just to get out of Afghanistan. Falsification of records. And then we
“That’s…” Sherlock took a deep breath. “Good. That’s good news.”
“Any guesses for what the next one will be about?”
“Like something my brother would say. Which is probably why I’m having a visceral reaction to it.”
"Plenty of trouble, too."
John pulled out the chair across the table from Moran, and sat.
,” said John quietly, because this, to him, mattered most.
To make up for the lack of updates the last few weeks, I promise to make next week's update *gasp* at least close to on time!
, John kept insisting. And John had a point.
Time passed. An hour, by his estimation.
“For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction,” said Moriarty softly, speaking the words as if reading them from Sherlock’s mind. “It makes perfect sense. We can’t exist alone. You and I are equals. You need me, or you’re nothing. I need you.”
john's notes:
“No, he doesn’t,” Mycroft conceded. “But you’ve managed far better than most.”
There wasn’t much to take in. Blood. Position. Expression. Shattered glass across the room. Limited dust disturbance on the floor. A dropped mobile phone.
It was what made him say, "You stay very still and look dead until I come get you," and close the lid of the coffin before he swept from the room.
“You’ve been keeping him locked up like a neglected dog for weeks,” said Moriarty, looking affronted, as if on John’s behalf. “’Pet’ seems like a fitting description to me.”
“Yes. But time is short and I require answers. You tell me everything you know about Moriarty,” said Sherlock clearly. “You can do so. You’re beyond his reach now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“A consulting criminal, you might say,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock sat sulking at the back of an ambulance, a bright orange blanket draped over his shoulders. Around him, the ruined Lucky Cat Emporium was swarming with police officers as they patrolled the site and searched the interior of the building. Lestrade barked orders to his team from the front of the building, sending Anderson (whom Sherlock had been delighted to hear had spent the entirety of the shootout hiding in Lestrade’s car) dashing in every which direction marking evidence. Lestrade had recovered Sherlock’s phone—turned off—and other effects, including his long black coat, from the basement and returned them to him. Now, Sherlock was bundled in his coat and blanket, fluffed up like a bloody and disgruntled bird of prey and surveying the scene through haughty, narrowed eyes.
, alluded to the angel released from the abyss to command the first plague at the end of the known world.
“How would I know that already.” John would have expected Mycroft to look annoyed that he consistently refused to cooperate with Mycroft’s deductive leaps, but Mycroft looked less annoyed and more amused, like this was a children’s game that John just couldn’t figure out how to play.
“I am not,” retorted Sherlock indignantly.
“And we don’t have anything from Lestrade either,” added John.
“Though who knows what that would be, since he never bothers to explain anything he does in human terms,” added Anderson.
“Bet you’ve seen a lot of different injuries. Learned to identify quite a bit just by looking.”
Mrs. Hudson was standing outside. Ridiculous, wonderful Mrs. Hudson was standing at the door of Speedy’s—the café next door—looking happy. Calm. Oblivious.
John traipsed out of the room and up the stairs to their flat without another word. He stepped gingerly over the broken glass coating the floor and to the bathroom in his third-floor room, where he opened the medicine cabinet over the sink, rummaged for a moment, and pulled out a bottle of pain relievers. Stepping carefully, he descended the stairs, and rejoined Sherlock (who’d stopped looking furious long enough to look baffled at John’s abrupt exit) in Mrs. Hudson’s apartments.
~o~O~o~
Sherlock nodded curtly, pursed his lips, and stood in the entrance to the kitchen, swinging his arms awkwardly, until John returned. It was, he realized, rather embarrassing, from an emotionally invested point of view, to have a client arrive and see him—or John, in this case—looking so unprofessional. Thankfully, Sherlock reminded himself, he didn’t really care, but he could see how John might, and he made a mental note of the fact. More importantly, he realized, would be letting John experience solving the case from his perspective. Sherlock doubted that John knew even a fraction of what he did, nor did he have much of a base to go on.
Sherlock sat back, looking at John. “Would you be able to do anything if they
Lestrade shot Sherlock a look, but could clearly grasp this wasn’t the time to call Sherlock out. “We’ve nearly cleared the area,” he said instead.
Lestrade looked exasperated, but John somewhat more intrigued. “So you really do have a lead? Do you think any of these cases have to do with Moriarty?”
“What was that?” called someone from inside up the stairwell, a little too close for comfort.
How I’m going to manage to fit all of my plans for this story in the final 8 chapters, god only knows
“Fair enough,” said John. “Considering the transition from the first to the second was a transition from looking at some old shoes to investigating a bomb blast next door, I can see there might be an issue trying to guess.”
“—in an old boiler room and nearly suffocated yourself because you forgot to stop the door from closing after you.”
Except he didn’t know
Sherlock hurriedly turned on his phone’s flashlight function on to locate the room’s light switch. He located the panel and indiscriminately flipped each of them in the hopes that one would be for the overhead lighting, and he turned to survey the room.
It took Young Sherlock five more seconds—bringing him to the fourteen minutes—to determine the way his gift worked.
There was only one conclusion, really.
John silently got to his feet and set his notebook down on his chair in one careful movement. He stepped around the chair, but made no move to open the door. If he was quiet, they would go away.
John: i hate you
~o~O~o~
John tugged down the collar of his shirt just enough to show the edge of the scar over his heart. His face hardened. “You do.”
The three of them had barely filed into the front hall when a voice called out, “Who’s there? I warn you, I’m armed.”
Sherlock's face was suddenly hovering over Watson's, careful not to touch, with a sharp, studying edge. Watson blinked and unconsciously shrank back, as Sherlock snapped, "How still can you be?"
"What if there's something after death? I'd know then," said Watson with a shrug.
"Oh," said Molly, looking a little sad at that. "Of course. It's so sad, it really is, it's
Moriarty’s personal assassin, if not his second-in-command. If he’d seemed any less calm, Sherlock thought he might actually have been disappointed.
Young Sherlock did not look up from the book. “I have asked you to stop calling me that,” he said, trying to sound calm.
A few times, John asked what it was exactly that Sherlock was waiting for. The first time, Sherlock replied with a miserable “Information, obviously,” that made no sense to John. After that, his responses generally consisted of impatient grumblings, at which point Sherlock would seize his mobile and begin texting rapidly, and after a few minutes of watching Sherlock’s fingers fly over the phone’s screen, John would sigh, pick up the newspaper off the coffee table, and give up.
Sherlock and Mycroft stared at one another.
, he thought in exasperation, before he slipped into the abyss.
John waved a hand, vaguely gesturing to all of Sherlock. “Well, besides the obvious bruising, cuts, and damage to your wrists, I’d guess you messed up your ankles, and maybe your knees too. I don’t think you dislocated anything in your arms, which is something of a miracle. But it looks like they gave you a bit of a beat-down, and I’m willing to bet you’re bruised all over. That’s probably the worst of it, even though it feels worse. Though honestly a concussion wouldn’t—“
“I’m in a so-called ‘horrible mood’ because my neck is killing me and I’ve been condemned to sit hunched in a chair in my landlady’s flat while a horde of morons take a full day to vacuum up a bit of glass,” said Sherlock, his voice positively dripping with loathing for everyone and everything.
Mycroft gave them both a sour look and continued, “As I was saying, the important thing is that he’s isolated, in a secure room, with constant surveillance. The few personal effects he had when we apprehended him are being examined now.” He gestured to the array of screens. “And anything he does or says is being recorded.”
From his place on the ground beside John, Zhi Zhu Yao got unsteadily to his feet. Next to him, John stumbled back, looking from Yao to Sherlock to Moriarty without a clue what to do.
Carefully, not at all daunted that this was the first dead thing his hands would ever touch, Young Sherlock ever so gently lifted the sparrow in his hands.
AT LAST THE CONTINUATION
John stretched, with a care for his left shoulder. Somehow, the fact that the bullet wound wasn’t causing him much pain at all was more disconcerting than if it had been agonizingly painful.
, you idiot,
“Boring,” said John.
Thank you all for your patience and support in my absence since the last update -- it’s been a very eventful couple months for me. First and foremost, I passed my second attempt at my PhD candidacy exam in November (FINALLY), which lifted an enormous weight off my shoulders. Thanks to everyone who sent well-wishes :’D <3
“We’re not even remotely close to being out of my comfort zone,” said John frankly.
Sherlock mulled this over. After a pause, he said, “There’s… admittedly not much to go on.”
Sherlock stared at John for a long moment, then turned and stomped back to his room with harpoon in hand. Two could play this game.
“I mean, these Moriarty people or person or whatever must be intelligent, to think of this sort of distraction. And to be able to hide an entire terrorist underground in London.”
Was he?
“Are you not coming?” demanded Lestrade in surprise.
Sherlock hated being unsure. But being unsure did set him the urgently demanding task of finding answers—every answer he could lay his hands on—and that had to be enough.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “If it means I can breathe well enough for a cigarette, then I don’t particularly care how undignified it looks.”
get him charged with this. Perhaps Gruner’s been overstepping his bounds and throwing Moriarty’s name around. Maybe Moriarty doesn’t like being kept out of a scheme. Either way, we can bring Gruner down for it.”
Before long, both men were fidgety, and impatient for information—Sherlock from the members of his Network, and John from the Detective sulking languidly about the flat.
John felt stupid.
But for now, the little dead bird itself presented a much more important thing to think about.
“It’s okay,” said John, trying to sound reassuring even though he felt far from calm. “I get it. It’s fine.” He took a deep breath. “Let’s—we should get help. Call the police.”
Five minutes, fifty-eight seconds.
It had to be one of the barracks again, John was sure. That or an ambulance engine had overheated. Fixing it was going to be a nightmare, it’d be midday and well over thirty Celsius before they finished. And they would really have to hurry, they were expected to pick up the new shipment of supplies for the mobile hospital just west of the village…
John laughed. “Okay. God, that was – that was brilliant.”
Sherlock and Lestrade joined him. It was a back storage room—or rather, what was left of one. The chaos of overturned furniture and bullet holes in the walls was a fitting prelude to the main room beyond, as well. Sherlock could see the shop was in an even greater state of disarray, most of the merchandise of the little Chinese imports shop he’d been secreted in now in pieces all over the place.
John looked up at Sherlock’s face. His eyes were wide, and he was even paler than usual, and his entire body was trembling from nerves or adrenaline or fear or some combination of the three, and he wasn’t moving.
John gave a small smile, and stepped back to let Mycroft leave. “I just hope it’s enough.”
this chapter
John didn’t say anything. His face and tone were utterly impassive, but his body language expressed much more obvious unease than Moran’s determinedly nonchalant behavior.
After a few minutes, the surgery wing doors opened again and Molly Hooper returned. She looked around the waiting room for Sherlock and stepped over to where he stood, speaking softly once she was in earshot.
Molly unlatched the case and opened part of it, revealing the man's face. She stepped back, rejoining Sherlock and Lestrade.
That possibility might be even more terrifying than the thought of being dead.
“I…” stammered John, looking at Sherlock once again, at a complete loss. Had Sherlock seriously rushed off on some sort of insane rescue mission without telling anyone what had happened?
“I leave the hopeless optimism to you,” said Sherlock. “I’ll stick to pessimistic, realistic fact, if it’s all the same.” His phone buzzed, and he picked it up off the table and read:
He didn’t eat anything. He didn’t eat all day.
“I’m aware of that,” Mycroft replied. “And I’ve already taken it into account. My resources are considerable enough that I can conduct a search of all publically-listed military personnel in sniper units belonging to Britain or any of our allies. We’re focusing on those who have served or trained in the last twenty years or so, with the assumed age limits on our sniper derived from Moriarty’s approximate age.”
It went straight to voicemail.
Short, grey hair dyed auburn, and constantly smiling, Mrs. Hudson proved herself an unexpectedly pleasant landlady, and the ideal one. Her unusually action-packed and somewhat ridiculous history meant she didn’t mind a little drama and destruction, and her biggest vices were constant complaining about a hip that justified ‘herbal’ soothers, an occasional proclivity to gambling on horse races, and a habitual tendency to gossip about everything and everyone.
“I dunno, an actual message?” offered John.
Getting out of the coat was.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’ve got the morning to organize a watch schedule for my Network, get Mycroft up to speed, and learn Suzhou numerals. Do you think I have time to watch Soo Lin’s workplace too? What did you think I woke you up at the crack of dawn for? So you could get a full day of writing in?” He flapped a hand impatiently at the door. “Go!”
“I didn’t know what else to do!” protested Lestrade, looking even more embarrassed. “As it was, I put it off so long we barely got to you in time—“
“I expect you to forward any and all prevalent information to me immediately,” said Sherlock, not listening, completely in the grip of the case at hand. He started down the hall, leaving Lestrade behind as he walked away. He needed to check again that John had nothing of importance to tell about his death. This was too good, this was too good to put off—
“It’s like you’ve made it your personal mission to unsettle me as much as possible in solving this case,” John said wearily. “You’re having fun. A psychopathic crime lord is sending you puzzles about his life and you’re over the moon about it.”
John stopped, his mouth still open, and Sherlock felt his concentration and nerve rushing back to him in a rumbling of thought.
“Come on, Sherlock,” said John. “You means us, and we have a case!”
Well. So we should have a decent idea of how much overlap Moriarty's and Sherlock's powers have -- and the answer, as it so happens, is rather a lot. Anyone Sherlock brings back can be made dead again, forever, by Moriarty; and vice versa. It's a very level playing field here. Which probably accounts for about 50% of Sherlock freaking out (with the other 50% easily attributed to the fact that this is a problem that exists at all).
He found John sitting on the bed with a notebook propped in his lap, a few books from the living room scattered about. The large medical dictionary on the floor was likely the source of the thump.
No, no, no, no,
Sherlock shrugged. “I’ve told you before, my brother
“Right. Of course,” said John, hoping that meant it wouldn’t be just him and Sherlock against however many people Moriarty had still within his web. “Thanks for coming by to fill us in,” John added.
Lestrade shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck tiredly. “Well,” he said, “I guess we don’t need to keep looking for Shan.” He took a step back. “I have my people working outside, so we have a little time for you to do your dead people thing. Anything you can give me on this will help, and I’m sure you have questions for her about Moriarty.”
A fast punch in the face for the one closest, the one with the gun, a kick to the shins, and then run. Left, right, down the street, and keep running. Call Lestrade if the attackers were not lost by then, and he could double back so they wouldn’t find the house. Remain in sight and on crowded streets.
Thanks for sticking with me, and for all the comments and feedback! It means a lot :D <3
He scanned the halls for Sherlock, resisting the urge (strong as it was) to get up and look around for him. But sure enough, after a few minutes, the Detective rounded the far corner.
“I’m too tired for this,” mumbled John. “Fuck off. And I swear to God, if you chuck another pillow at my head, I’m going to—“
John let out a short laugh at the petulant look on Sherlock’s face, and he covered his mouth with one hand, and tried unsuccessfully to pass the laugh off as a cough. “Is that so bad?”
Lestrade waved, and showed himself out.
help,” started Sherlock petulantly. He made to shrug away from Lestrade, but he stopped dead at the cold expression on John’s face. “What.”
Sherlock yelled in frustration and sank to the ground.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “No offense, but that’s unfortunately a lot easier said than done, in this case.” When Soo Lin looked undeterred, he continued carefully, “The only options we have are to find Moriarty or to find someone who might lead us to him. And I’m willing to bet finding Moriarty is almost impossible.”
When they reached the hospital, Sherlock stopped the car in temporary parking outside the visitor entrance and left it there, hustling through the entryway with John close at his heels. Neither had said a word since getting in the car, and they mutely made their way past the welcome desk and up the stairs as fast as they could.
“But—“
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Really?
“Sherlock…” said John, eyes wide, but Sherlock ignored him.
“Me?” John frowned in surprise. “No? I’ve never heard the name. That’s kind of why I’m asking you.”
He knew there would be another one. That much was certain. He knew that he and Moriarty would be locked into this back-and-forth, give-and-take game until one of them made a mistake or did something… ‘drastic’.
John blinked. “Oh,” he said, thrown by the rapid change in explanation reasonableness. But the answer seemed valid. After all, John being alive this long was already evidently not without complications.
Not by a long shot. Yet.
“Let’s test your theory, John.” Sherlock started pacing, but sounded excited. “For seventy-two hours, starting tomorrow morning, I will live life as John Watson, medical doctor, and you will live as Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective. We each attempt to accurately and honestly do as the other would in our everyday lives; no assistance and no hyperbole. Whoever folds first is the loser.”
for figuring out what Moriarty intends to do with all of us in the near future.”
When Sherlock finally broke the silence that had stretched on for almost two hours, it was apparent to John that neither of them had spent that time in neutral contemplation.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“… Not wrong, actually,” said Lestrade coldly, able to tell what Sherlock was thinking with regards to ordinary policemen. “They got in through the loading dock ‘round back.”
do something—something as small as a reassuring touch on the arm—just to offer him some kind of ballast. One of those well-intentioned, simple,
Moran smirked, leaning his chair so that it rested on the back two legs. “Hey now. It’s nothing personal. It was business. I had a time-sensitive job to do, and you were
His surroundings moved with an impossible deliberateness in time for his mind to break down every detail, and assess.
Sherlock walked.
Every action had an equal and opposite reaction.
“You should be anxious. Anxiety leads to caution,” said Sherlock. “And stomach ulcers, but—“
“But,” said Moriarty, his voice level but burning with a kind of lofty excitement, “I’ll be honest, I’ve never been so happy to see someone alive when they should have been dead. I hadn’t been so happy in ages. You can’t imagine how deliciously rare that is. You’re more interesting than you know. Or at least, Sherlock is. I can’t wait to hear how he managed to hide you away as well as he did.”
As usual, I’ve left things with an unfair cliffhanger. I won't say too much now - simply that all is not well within Moriarty's organization... or in the museum... or anywhere, really
Moran’s expression didn’t change, though his eyes hardened a little. “Hm. No. I don’t think so.”
So sorry that this is nearly a week late, everyone. I am preparing for somewhat unexpected knee surgery in two days, which admittedly has me pretty stressed. XD I didn’t want to post a chapter I wasn’t satisfied with just for the sake of getting it up on time, so I hope you can forgive me for that. I’m hoping the next chapter will follow at least close to on time, but the specifics depend on how post-surgery recovery things progress. I’ll do my best, I promise!
“It’s a promise,” said Moran. “Moriarty knows where you live. He knows where you go, what you do, and who you meet. It’s in your best interest—or at the very least, it’s in the interest of those you associate with—that you remember that, going forward.”
The small courtyard outside the building that housed the Secret Intelligence Service—and Moran, and Mycroft’s miniature army—was quiet when they arrived. The smattering of car traffic and pedestrians nearby had slowed to a mid-morning trickle.
John looked at him, frowning. It figured Mycroft was as weirdly deductive as Sherlock. It figured he had to be able to tell everything about John from one look. The chances of lying and getting away with it were dwindling before John’s eyes. Everything he said felt like another nail in the lid of his coffin.
There was more to it, more in her face, to a
“How indeed,” said Mycroft, with the slightest hint of a smile. “This is a pleasant change of pace. And here I was expecting to have to wait all day for anything useful. But a name, and a date of death, is worth something. Excuse me.”
“Oh,” said John, smiling faintly. “Hopefully I’m not that boring yet.”
He just hoped it was enough of a reason to
“John, what the hell did you do with my head?”
The elevator opened, and they walked into a brightly-lit hallway. They turned one way, and proceeded along the corridor, stopping intermittently to pass through sets of doors (some with guards standing on either side) that all opened with the aid of Mycroft’s ID.
“How did you meet?”
Surely, Sherlock had misheard.
I have conducted around Moriarty.”
“How?” demanded Lestrade.
“Oh.” Sherlock glanced at the writing on his arm. “I had limited means of conveying a message.”
“John is in a state of some emotional distress,” said Sherlock, laying it out in terms that his brother would comprehend.
"Oh," said Watson, eyes wide. He ruffled his short hair with one hand, suddenly overwhelmed. "Oh. Oh
“No you won’t!” called Moriarty, his voice high and sing-song. He leaned against the far door. “But I’ll see you soon, Sherlock. I promise.”
a hospital—maybe no one would think anything of it.
Lestrade’s car drove up to the curb on Baker Street after about twenty minutes of travel—when traffic got too slow, Lestrade wordlessly put on his sirens to roar ahead a few blocks—and rolled to a gentle stop.
“Which means I don’t think there’s any internal damage. At least not to your lungs,” elaborated John. “I wanted to make sure. I’m pretty sure they’re just bruised. Broken ribs would be a much bigger problem, though bruised ribs still hurt a hell of a lot. Best treatment is to take it easy, either way. I don’t really need to do anything more than encourage you to rest and let them heal.”
~o~O~o~
“What are you looking at?” demanded John at last.
The effect was almost immediate. Lestrade, at last, managed to tear his eyes away from John long enough to turn his gaze on Sherlock, smoldering with rage. “Oh, you
“No, no,” said Lestrade, shaking his head. “Honestly… Look, I was bloody pissed Sherlock hid all of this from me, but I’d be lying if I didn’t say it’s almost a relief to have someone else who knows about all this. And frankly someone else to keep an eye on Sherlock.”
John looked at Sherlock. He hadn’t heard this story.
“Right now, there’s nothing you can do,” said Sherlock, pulling on a pair of rubber gloves. “Actually,” he amended, “you can make sure Lestrade leaves me alone.”
It took John only seventy-three seconds to hang up the phone and sprint up three flights of stairs to his bedroom, pull on his jacket, secure his gun against the square of his back, and fly back down the stairs and out into the street.
“Your car,” Sherlock repeated, holding out his hand insistently.
“Yeah, and bloody painful to put in or take out,” said John, speaking from recent experience.
“I’ll be back by lunch,” said Sherlock. He paused, then added, “I’m sorry you can’t come.”
At the age of nine years, ten months, and four days, Young Sherlock found himself in the washroom of his boarding school, holding a rag to his bleeding nose for the fourth time since he had arrived at the school some sixteen months and twelve days previously.
Sherlock sighed and shifted. When John didn’t move, he moved his sore ankle a half-inch closer to John. “Well, get on with it.”
But Mrs. Hudson had seen past Lestrade, and straight to Sherlock.
“This is so beyond dangerous,” hissed John, voice low and suddenly harsh now that they were out of earshot. “She’s putting her life at risk. Never mind how risky this is for you and me.”
Sherlock glanced at John. The wheels were already in motion, and had been for days, though John didn’t know it. But he would need to consider John’s moves, too—and Mycroft’s, and Lestrade’s, and others—if they were all going to get through this.
As it began to grow dark out, John hastened downstairs to Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, and dialed the number for Sherlock’s mobile.
Sherlock groaned. “That was quite possibly
Mycroft didn’t move. “You appear and within days my brother is kidnapped, and almost dies. You’re at the scene when he’s recovered. He’s hiding you, because he knows you will arouse suspicion of foul play. You’re
“We don’t know what we’re looking for, we don’t know what this message is going to say, and we don’t
“I just want to make your situation very clear before you try to do anything foolish. You’ve probably noticed the very stylish bomb you’re wearing…” said Moriarty, and John couldn’t help but look down at it again. “It’s real. I’m sure you’ve seen people get blown up before, in your line of work. And you saw how efficient these materials were on the building across the street from Sherlock’s lovely abode. So here’s how this is going to work. You’re going to go where I tell you to go, or I blow you up. You’re going to say what I tell you to say, or I blow you up. You’re going to do what I tell you to do, or I blow you up. Along with anyone within fifty yards of your position. Do you understand?”
“The job got done,” said Moran flatly. “Am I supposed to be upset that you don’t like my work?”
John read the blog post over Sherlock’s shoulder from a safe distance. “You think that’ll be enough to get his attention?”
“I was just saying—the sniper is our easiest link to finding out more about Moriarty, but the odds of finding them are equally slim,” said Sherlock. “And, considering we now know Moriarty can bring people back from the dead, we can’t rule out the possibility that Moriarty’s sniper is someone who already died.”
remember it.”
John nodded again, visibly exhausted at the mention of sleep. “Fine. Okay. Yeah. Sleep is probably a good idea for all of us.” He gave the monitors one last look, studying Moran again. “He stays here?”
Sherlock cleared his throat with a businesslike cough.
“Right,” said Lestrade thickly. “Is this a creepy new pastime or something? You two switch places so I feel like I’ve lost my mind?”
Sherlock turned back to Mycroft.
The policeman nodded. “So far. I’ve made sure I’m in charge of the cleanup and the investigation so we can manage the information going in and out. And the press. And this way I’m nearby if I’m needed. I need to see to the rest of the street anyway. But you and I might want to coordinate and see if we can’t track anyone on the street… And I’ll let you make the call on where they should stay.”
i meant fun
“Who?” asked Sherlock, not at all interested.
At the sound of the door, half a dozen handguns leveled at Sherlock and John, but quickly lowered again as Mycroft said, “You got here in record time.”
John paused.
“John? Uh. Bit late, don’t you think?… What’s up?”
“I did say it wasn’t personal,” said Moran loftily. “Let’s not make this more dramatic than it needs to be. You can blame me for firing the gun, but you’re the one who moved in front of the bullet. You rushed out there. You didn’t wait for the all-clear. You did your job—thoughtlessly, sloppily, and recklessly. If you want to be angry with someone for you being dead, be angry with yourself. If you’d cared a bit more about being a good little solider than being a good little hero, you’d probably be alive and well in your bed in Sangin. So as far as I’m concerned, you’re the one who messed up.”
At last I return! After a bit more of a hiatus than I expected, granted, but the beginning of summer was not quite as smooth and stress-free as I was hoping for. Ah well. I should be expecting that by now, don't you think?
“Yes,” said Sherlock again. “But I can speak to the dead.”
Sherlock sat up.
"Are - are you serious?" Watson was watching him closely.
AND HE LOOKS AT ME
“There is one who may be a likely suspect. Moran killed him as he was fleeing.”
“Exactly,” said Sherlock.
“Why is it a bad thing when Lestrade’s people help?” interrupted John.
Anyway, like I said, updates should be back on track now! I shall return soon with more excitement, more adventure, and apparently more nude photos (?)
John made a face. “And once again, I’m very happy that Mycroft and I are on the same side.”
“This is why we don’t talk,” snarled Sherlock. “This is why you and I have an unspoken agreement that we stay out of one another’s lives. Because you’re sure you know so much better than I do.”
Sherlock turned, and a fist collided with his side, in an expert jab. His unsteady footing couldn’t withstand the cloying pull of gravity, and Sherlock fell. Rather spectacularly.
“But why?” asked John.
“People have
“Are those your gloves or mine?” came Sherlock’s muffled voice, and John looked up at him. Sherlock looked almost fragile, curled against the sofa, though he was sure Sherlock’s intention was to feign the opposite.
John bit his lip. “But Mycroft wants me to do it because…?”
Knowing he had to give Lestrade something, Sherlock continued, stringing fragments of information together, "What I might conclude is that our informant and medical officer were killed by a skilled assassin sent in to remove the informant. Specifically, one who is military trained. I might go far as to say trained military sniper who either left to work in private contracting or was retired or discharged. I'm inclined to think the latter is more likely in this particular instance. The sniper was likely working alone, was well versed in both the use of his primary firearm as well as minor explosives, and must have been capable of and comfortable with going undetected in the Afghani desert—all of which strongly suggests that our man is between twenty and forty years of age, is right-handed, has a military background but is no longer part of the military, may have served in the area while he was actively deployed as part of the army, and working for some sort of directing superior. It's much more difficult to gain specifics about the employer without actually interacting with him as opposed to his gun-wielding thug, but…"
“Your affiliation with Sherlock,” said Mycroft flatly. “You can’t imagine I’m going to allow this to continue.”
John sighed. “Where is it.”
“How did you determine that
“Blackmailing him?!”
It was almost impossible to tell who struck first. Moran sprang to his feet—his chair falling over backwards with a bang—and rammed his head upwards and forwards to slam violently into John’s nose at almost the exact moment that John pulled his fist back and punched Moran hard in the face.
“Uh,” said John, surprised. He nodded. “Yeah. More and more by the minute, actually.”
Sherlock was only just walking through the doors to St. Bart’s when his phone buzzed.
Mycroft nodded.
“Because I knew you’d overreact!” said Sherlock.
For a few moments, Sherlock didn’t say anything. He was inclined to think that, the moment word about the attack on the Secret Intelligence building got around to the rest of the Black Lotus, they would do as Soo Lin had done, and vanish. If they had any sense, at least. Sherlock doubted he would be able to prevent Moran from hunting them down a second time.
someone to retrieve at all.
Lestrade huffed out a breath, rubbing the back of his neck. "Still. Right. This changes things. I think I was happier when you had nothing."
Sherlock swallowed thickly. “Isn’t it?”
This was not entirely honest. Sherlock had hoped there would be minimal mention of John Watson in the records and in the news. He had not expected no mention of him.
For longer than one minute, to be precise.
John rubbed his eyes. “Great. So it could be anyone who’s ever had military sniper training.”
“… Moran,” said John.
The first thing John registered was that it was more difficult to breathe than it should have been.
“Failure of imagination?” repeated Sherlock incredulously.
What could he possibly say that would make any difference? It felt like he was intruding just being in the same space as John while John was feeling this unsettled. It was as if he’d stumbled onto something private, and the kind thing to do would be to leave and let John rejoin the world when he felt ready to. It’s what Sherlock might have wanted, had their positions been reversed.
“So, no,” clarified Lestrade.
always been right. More or less.
“That’s nice. Up you get,” said Sherlock. “I’m going out with Lestrade to look for the next message in a bit, and I was hoping for some tea before then.”
We were MADE for each other.
John bit his lip.
Mycroft nodded quickly.
Sherlock held up a hand to cut him off. “None of those options would be all that difficult given the proper planning. But… I’ll be here.”
He needed something to get free.
“What?” snapped Sherlock, looking between John and Lestrade with a rather irritated expression. “What?”
Sherlock wrapped his scarf around his neck and dragged it up over the lower half of his face. “I can get up on my own—“
Soo Lin paused to take a shaky breath. “I did not find the sniper…”
“What?” he demanded, a little too sharply, looking up.
Lestrade dropped his hands exasperatedly. "Just - shove off, all right, I know you're intrigued and all, but I might have a mutiny on my hands if I let you get your hands in every case. You definitely don't need to be a part of a string of suicides."
Lestrade and Sherlock turned to look for the source, and a moment's investigation revealed that it was coming from Sherlock's waiting cab, parked on the other side of the street where it had dropped him off earlier (in what felt like a small eternity, or another lifetime but was, in fact, only fifteen minutes at most).
The click of heels and footsteps coming to rest behind him interrupted John’s diatribe. He paused, turning a little, to find a smartly-dressed woman with dark hair standing behind him, phone in hand. She was very pretty, John noted.
The advantage of this chapter being so late is that the next two (yes, two!) are almost done as well. I'm hoping for biweekly updates at the very least for the time being, and maybe even weekly if I can get my act together. Bear with me guys, grad school is hard TT^TT
John snorted. “Nice try.”
Without another word, Soo Lin stepped out onto the sidewalk and, bundling her coat around her, hurried down the street until she melted into the night. Within a few minutes, she was out of sight.
“Think about it.” Sherlock started ticking off items on his fingers. “The first puzzle was intended to impress me with how long he’s had to build his empire, and how many years he’s gotten away with it all unnoticed. Unstopped. This second puzzle was intended to impress me with the extent of his empire. I realized it when I confronted Gruner. Gruner, the Black Lotus, his suppliers… this is only
“Don’t start that again,” said John. “We’ve been through this a hundred times. I know what I’m doing.”
“The logical course of action would be for us to share the flat,” said Sherlock. “Long-term. Until the case has reached its conclusion, at the very least. Your involvement could offer key insight. It seems obvious that the most sensible plan would be to give you a room here. We can discuss details and finances in the morning when I’m less utterly disinterested in doing so. This arrangement would enable us both primary access to the case—I don’t have to go out of my way to get in touch with you, and you are able to lie low with convenient access to information as things progress until we are able to develop a more thorough course of action. Agreeable?”
John sighed. “I mean, as long as it means Gruner’s reign of terror is over and the camera is enough to get him a trial, I’m not complaining. I’m glad you’re safe, and I hope she’s not in too much trouble, but mostly I’m just glad this case is now over.”
He stopped.
John gave Lestrade a brief smile, and watched as Lestrade descend the stairs. The smile didn’t last as he turned away and shut the door to the flat with a disappointed click.
The paper was heavy, and of the same type as Moriarty’s earlier messages had been. It was folded like a letter, with no seal. Across the outer edge, in a now familiar, nondescript handwriting, were the words
The second day, John returned to Baker Street to find—according to Mrs. Hudson, who was gazing out their living room window over a plate of biscuits—that Sherlock had gone to meet with Gruner. John took over the watch from their bemused landlady and waited by the window, getting up once or twice to retrieve something to eat or drink for the kitchen.
He was beginning to look as shit as he felt, but that had never caused him to hold back before. He wasn’t about to start now.
~o~O~o~
John was kneeling, his jacket off and bundled up in his hands.
Sherlock looked at John, and offered a weary little shrug. “Let’s just say tonight put a lot of things into perspective, for me. What my – Gift is like for those not in control of it, namely.”
By him.
He secured the stitches and set down the needle on the bathroom countertop, and examined the neat row of stitches across his left collarbone. The skin would almost certainly scar, the wound a small sunburst of raw, angry skin and pale scar tissue just over his heart, but he somehow thought this seemed appropriate. Or at least it was a very stark reminder of the fact that he’d begun living a second life only twenty hours, nine minutes, and forty-one seconds earlier. And it felt important to remember this. That this was something special. Really, truly special.
Over time, Young Sherlock became the Detective.
“Let’s hope ‘this is somehow connected to a murder’ isn’t the theme, then,” said John wearily.
(Also, thanks to the incredible
“But how does one make murder look like suicide? It’s obvious.” Sherlock pointed at the modest pile of belongings near Hope. “You might want to take notes, Lestrade, seeing as I am about to do months of thinking for you in the span of the next three minutes. Note the items from his cab. His clothing, a photograph, and two glass bottles containing pills. Old clothes, meticulously kept and boring. A family photograph is nothing unusual. An older individual carrying pills is hardly abnormal, nor is the choice in container that odd. The elderly have a habit of repackaging anything from food to condiments to medicines. In short, nothing even remotely interesting, at first glance. But—“
Sherlock stopped walking, turning to glare at Lestrade. "Then
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, but John continued, undaunted, “Considering what the last week has been like with you, I won’t be all that surprised if you’ve gone charging off after some new lead by morning, never mind how poorly you feel. And then you’ll probably either make the damage that much worse, or get something infected. Or you’ll get smacked around again, and then you’ll really need a hospital.”
“Brilliant,” said John. “Then I’m going to bed.”
“Great,” said John sarcastically. He looked around, checking that they were still alone. “Now wha—“
John said nothing, but stared hard at Sherlock in what he hoped was a silent warning.
I very much hope it's worth the wait. And the next chapter is done and will be follow this one in just a few days, so you won't have to wait too long this time...
Again, a nod.
There was no way of knowing how much Moriarty knew. Or how he would rationalize the existence of a supposedly dead soldier in Sherlock’s place of residence. Especially when he had almost certainly tried to steal the same soldier’s body from a morgue two months earlier. When Mycroft had discovered John was living in Sherlock’s flat, the elder Holmes had believed John was a liar and a blackmailer. Moriarty might believe he’s a threat in a different sense. Because if he thought John had never died, then Moriarty’s entire empire could be compromised.
There was a lot of blood.
“You’re planning on luring him with the dish Moriarty gave you,” said John.
Sherlock clamped his mouth shut, all the color draining from his face.
John didn’t have a plan.
In an instant, there was chaos. Doors were thrown open and at least a dozen of Mycroft’s lackeys converged on the room. John and Moran were pulled apart, and John was hauled out of the room, while Moran was shoved back down into his seat.
He couldn’t remember anything.
When John reached the kitchen, Sherlock was already seated at the table, looking disinterestedly at his phone. John wordlessly resumed making tea, and for a while a silence stretched between them, interrupted only by the occasional tapping of Sherlock’s fingers on the screen of his mobile. The silence was a nondescript one—neither awkward nor amiable—but it ended, finally, as John set a fresh cup of tea down on the kitchen table in front of Sherlock.
John watched him for a few seconds, brow furrowed with concern, before he went to the kitchen and started rooting around.
“Can we track him, with that information?” John asked. “If we know how he left the building, and we can see him and Sherlock, it should be possible to figure out where he went. Right?”
John paused, and nodded. “Good. I’m holding you to it.” A thought occurred to him, and he added (suddenly more anxious), “Is it – you know,
Sherlock rarely got absolutely everything right, but he was pleased at the question. “I didn’t, but thank you for sharing,” he said blithely, trying not to smirk. He could deduce, and he could bluff. And he could do both rather well.
Watson blinked and drew back his hand. "Okay, okay, sorry."
“What is?”
After a moment, John sat opposite Sherlock and leaned forward. “So let’s go through it again. What do we know?”
It was like he’d lost control of his body. He just sat there, for a long moment, staring at her hand.
Everyone got to their feet. John and Kitty shook hands, and then as John thanked Lestrade for his help, Kitty pulled Sherlock aside.
Fifteen seconds. Fourteen seconds.
“I will
“You have my word,” said Sherlock firmly, willing himself to believe it, foolishly, without reservation.
John paled, eyes dilating, breath catching.
, he’d said. “I’m not sure how well ‘alone’ protected you from Moriarty in the last couple days. But I get it, I guess. And either way, I’m not you. I have no right to question your Rules.”
Sherlock was flustered. Was this praise? Unwarranted praise, moreover. He'd not solved the case.
For a long, tense minute, no one moved, and no one spoke.
I hope this chapter proved worth the wait! It was a hard one to write, with several do-overs, but in the end John and Moran started writing themselves and decided they'd like to be as antagonistic as humanly possible. So much for them bonding over their magical-genius friends, or being dead, or anything at all, really...
,” Sherlock panted. He walked, and then he ran, back down the hall the way he’d come, looking left and right into every room and shadow he passed. No one. “John?” He hurriedly retraced his steps. “John!”
John shook his head. “Don’t say that.”
"Where am I?" asked Watson, sitting up and looking around the room in confusion.
Figuring out why Hope stayed in the jar depends on the reader’s ability to accurately translate ancient Greek as well as decipher the machinations of a bunch of scheming gods as told through the mind of an antiquated bard. So really, there is no correct answer.
John nodded. “It does.”
been drugged), the cuffs popped open.
“If,” said Sherlock, his voice clipped and quiet, “you are insinuating that I had anything to do with—“
Sherlock let out a laugh. "Frankly, I'm not arguing with that."
to keep anything he touched from touching his skin.
“I’m guessing you know who this is,” said Lestrade, glancing sidelong at Sherlock, and Sherlock nodded.
For a full five seconds, Sherlock stared into the dark locker room beyond, and then he stepped back. “He’s gone.”
victim?”
I really do love writing John -- I hope I’ve done him justice. Needless to say, he’s not had a great day so far.
“Oh.” John had completely forgotten about the car. He glanced out the window at the sedan he and Sherlock had taken from Mycroft. It was still parked at a lopsided angle, with one wheel up on the sidewalk, as Sherlock had left it the day before. “Oh right.”
“Somehow, John, I’m always available just when you need me,” said Sherlock.
Thanks for sticking with me! Your feedback means a lot - I love writing this, so I'm glad so many people seem to still be enjoying it as well. :D <3
Mycroft nodded, first to Sherlock and then a little stiffly to John, and then he turned and stepped briskly through the door and down the stairs.
“He makes a habit of assessing the people you work with,” continued Lestrade. “And now he’s poking around with this thing with John. He knows something is off. Way off.”
Sherlock sighed frustratedly, taking another sip of tea. “Two weeks of nothing is starting to wear on my nerves.”
“Don’t try to tell me Anderson’s a capable tech, Lestrade, not after that time he walked all through the most important part of the crime scene with massive hiking boots on—“
He texted Sherlock.
John looked him up and down from his chair in the living room, where he’d been watching the news. “Trying to avoid being insanely obvious?”
“Actually, I think John and I will pass.” Sherlock straightened his coat collar. “Lestrade, since you’re going to take all of the credit for this one—“
Wonderful. Maybe their general incompetence could destroy any last traces of incriminating evidence.
“Did you
“I’ve kept it a secret since then,” continued Sherlock. “As carefully as I could. I established a set of rules intended to keep people safe from… me. From what I could do, or what other people might do. But I’ve tried to use my – well, my Gift, in the right way. I catch murderers and solve crimes that no one else can and I use this ability to do it. I can bring people back for a short time to ask them questions. Essentially, I bring the dead back to life so I can catch the people who killed them.”
“You said there was no evidence,” argued Lestrade.
The little old woman didn’t waste any time. She raised her hand in a signal, and Sherlock knew it was only a matter of seconds before he would be outnumbered.
He strode to the entrance to the kitchen, just as Sherlock finished stowing the last of the dichloromethane behind the sugar, and paused, opening his mouth.
“It’d be a surprise if they didn’t,” said Sherlock. “Though sometimes a lack of information is as significant as a surplus of it.”
Four minutes, fifty-ni—
John quickly set down his book, understanding the look on Sherlock’s face. “You found something.”
“I’m not sure, but – but I think something might have happened to Sherlock.”
alert Moran to the general strokes of the escape plan. The explosive detonates, the compromised employee releases Moran during the chaos, and then Moran kills them for good measure before he scampers off. Would you call that an accurate summary?”
“Why would I do that?”
The room had indeed been stripped of its contents. There were a couple little boxes and some half-filled checkbooks lying on the shelves, but everything else had been taken sometime in the night.
John froze on the spot and glared at him. “Are—I’m rescuing you, you dickhead.”
“So where to first?” asked John.
Sherlock leapt to his feet and whirled about to look at the pair of them. “Clostridium botulinum!” he said again, waving his hands forcefully.
Was that a warning, or was it friendly advice?
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but he glanced in the direction of the kitchen.
But Sherlock didn’t so much as blink. “That would be remarkably ambitious of him.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
He and Mycroft had started to consider the way forward ever since Moran’s full identity had been discovered a few days earlier. They were up against the clock, but they were not starting the race from a dead stop.
“So how many other people have there been, like me?” inquired John, and Sherlock felt rather uneasy now. “People you’ve brought back and kept around to help solve the case?”
Sherlock could hear the response—a short, harsh affirmative—and then footsteps retreating quickly down the hall. Shan, leaving. They were going to kill him and leave his body here. Their location had to have been compromised, it was the only explanation. So someone was here. Lestrade, maybe, or even—
“Also, make tea,” called Sherlock from the bottom of the stairs. “Move along, we haven’t got all day.”
“Why not? That’s
He’d been stupid, letting himself get distracted while still out in the open and vulnerable. But Sherlock rarely let his guard down fully, and this was not an exception to that Rule.
“So what do we do now?” continued John, sitting up a little straighter in his chair.
John had never wanted a mobile phone before now—it wasn’t as if he needed one, being supposed-dead and isolated and all—but now, he found himself desperately wishing for the ability to send a text.
“What are they looking for?” said John, leaning forward, the sudden break in the day’s silence effectively ensnaring his curiosity.
And if he did, there was nothing stopping Moriarty from detonating the bomb and killing them both anyway.
“That was—“ John started to say, before he caught himself. He finished, “—not bad. Of course, you’ve missed the important thing.”
“But our – employer does not,” answered Shan, finally smiling a little.
He met Lestrade—a man in his mid-fifties, with grey hair, a decent build, and (at the moment) an impatient expression on his worn face—in the hall just outside the morgue.
“Case,” demanded Sherlock, like a toddler demanding a sweet. “… I—don’t you dare ask me how I’m feeling… Yes… Yes….
Thanks for reading! <3
“Did you want any tea?” said John, leaning to look over at Sherlock.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively, though he was just as drained by the events of the last several hours as John was. But as John put his foot on the first stair, he hesitated. “John?”
"So," said Sherlock finally. "Who is he in all of this?"
“Do you mind,” said Gruner, interrupting Sherlock before he could hit ‘send’, “if I ask how you got this?”
Sherlock scowled. “Don’t cast me in a sentimental light. I’m speaking from an objectively reasonable standpoint.”
, leave. Me. Alone—“
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock.”
“So does the rule apply to dead civilians?” asked John.
“Let’s see what I can do about that, then,” said John, picking up a bottle of antiseptic and a handful of cotton balls with a renewed sense of purpose.
Moriarty shrugged. “I tried to help you figure it out, I really did. I let you see how empty, and fascinating, and simple death is for me. I gave you little hints in those notes I sent. I left Shan’s body for you.”
“Can you two quip at one another after we’ve filled each other in on the details?” asked Lestrade. He looked from Sherlock to Mycroft. “As much as I want to know what happened
There were several loud thumps from upstairs.
“You just can’t stop asking questions, can you,” said Sherlock amusedly.
“Oi!” he barked at the two officers, who started and stared at him.
“Thanks,” said John. He held out his hand again, and Lestrade shook it briefly. Then, he straightened.
Something bit the skin on his hand, and immediately, his arm gave out.
“Yes, but you
“I agree,” John said calmly. “But we don’t have one.”
get the end of the chapter to work the way I wanted it to. I'm still not quite satisfied. You know how I like my cliffhangers all nice and neat and suspenseful.
Sherlock stared at the text.
worth a few million pounds. Especially since Gruner doesn’t have the dish. We do. Maybe it belongs to him?”
“I’m not going to leave y—“ Sherlock started.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock groaned. “I know. Another reason why the Carl Powers case was the less problematic of the two.”
Sherlock nodded and paced away from John, moving to stand at a distant far enough from John that it looked like they were unlikely to be there together but close enough that John might be able to overhear their conversation.
~o~O~o~
“Maybe so,” Sherlock acknowledged. “I don’t have an answer. Like I said before, most of this is closer to guesswork than actual deduction.”
“Anything?” asked John, though he already knew the answer.
Desperate measure only. He wasn’t going to die. He wasn’t going to die.
It had not been breathing.
We return now to our previously scheduled angst
Sherlock darted up the stairs. “Move, move, move!” he snapped. John, startled, jumped in surprise and quickly flattened himself against the wall as Sherlock hurried past, and then he followed.
People talk too much. They ask too many stupid questions.
Sherlock had left Bart’s, and then spent the better part of four hours coordinating meetings with many of his informants around London, gathering all sorts of information about the quiet, secret dealings of London’s streets from the previous night. Sherlock had spent years building up an extensive network of informants from London’s homeless. It was at times like this where it paid, to have eyes everywhere. It was worth the investment.
She inclined her head yet again. “I know,” she replied, in a tone that said conveyed more hope than actual certainty.
“I know him,” said John, barely managing to speak above a whisper. “Or, rather, I remember him.”
He permitted himself a very small smile. “Why do you think? He led me to you.”
But, maybe the thought wasn’t as new as he believed.
“Yes, sentiment,” finished Sherlock.
John nodded once more, with an air of resignation. Sherlock had said that before, before he’d been captured by the Black Lotus.
"Bye, Sherlock," Molly called after them, waving a little after them. "Bye, Greg. Bye."
Sherlock and John talked late into the night, reiterating everything that the cab driver, Hope, had said and revealed—everything about the serial suicides, about his sponsorship, and most of all, about Moriarty—and everything that they knew about John’s death and events since. They knew only what had happened to John and the informant he’d been trying to save before he died, what John remembered, and what Hope had told them. Linking everything with so little information seemed pointless, but they tried, until John was just about cross-eyed from tiredness. Finally, they both retired for the night.
“You think you can find records?”
John: fuck you and your incredibly effective apologies
“Yes,” said Sherlock, opening the door. “Just—not right now.” And he was gone.
"He shouldn't
Sherlock smiled a little. “It sounds like an excellent idea. Truly.”
“Back up,” said John. “Explain, please, because I’m lost.”
John scanned the message and whistled. “That’s a bit ballsy of Moriarty, isn’t it? Delivering a message for you to the Yard. Lestrade’s probably freaking out.”
It took Young Sherlock the better part of twenty minutes to clean himself up enough to look as if nothing had happened. There would be bruising, probably, and he would make up some excuse so the teachers would keep out of it. The last thing he needed was an intervention that involved his parents or older brother. No, he’d rather everyone just left him alone.
As he spoke, several people in body armor, guns in hand, came through the door, clearly checking that the room was clear, and John felt eerily like someone had just opened a door to a raid back in Afghanistan.
. That’s clever, I’ll admit. Very tidy. Very well done. And succinctly summarized, I might add. You’ve managed it all rather neatly. Like something out of a James Bond film.”
John hardly spoke the rest of the walk home, save to assure Sherlock he was willing to return to 221B with a flat “Where else could I possibly go?”
“Seemed like a dispersed detonation, if you ask me,” said John, more to himself than anyone else. Lestrade and Sherlock both turned their heads to look at him, and after a pause, John continued, “Well, uh… there was a definite bang. But more than that, there wasn’t much of a fire, from what I could see. Lots of force, enough to knock Sherlock down and blow out the side of that building, and plenty of smoke, but not a lot of fire. Gas leaks are like that, sure, but so are dispersed explosives. And with those there’d be minimal cratering and the damage would look more like a gas leak. But Greg’s right,“ he concluded, nodding to Lestrade. “The only way to know depends on if there are fragments of a condensed explosive lying around in the wreckage. Or residue on anything in there.”
“I don’t remember,” said Sherlock coldly.
“I mean, you missed everything important, but…”
what to do about Moran.” Sherlock reclaims his spot sitting on the table opposite John. “Mycroft thinks you would be the best person to talk to him.”
Before him stretched a hallway. At the end of it, he could see a flight of stairs leading to the ground floor. If he could see upstairs, he might be able to deduce an approximate location. If he could get upstairs, he could determine a near-exact location. If he could get upstairs undetected, he could get out and get back to 221B.
“Probably just a gas leak, I’m being told,” said Lestrade a short while later, speaking to Sherlock and John as they leaned against the back of an ambulance.
“I don’t understand how that’s possible.”
Mycroft smiled, in a coldly calculating sort of way. “Good.” He turned to nod to his driver, and at once the car pulled away from the sidewalk and into the street. The second car did the same, rolling its front tire off the curb with a soft thump before following Mycroft’s car down the street.
Of course he did. Of course he did, because Sherlock Holmes was an idiot. A genius, a lunatic, and an absolute
, he told himself. To get angry, to be frightened, to wish for help—all were pointless. He didn’t need anyone.
“What?” said Sherlock, frowning.
~o~O~o~
“I hate how eloquent you are on emotion. You make feeling unreasonable seem very reasonable.” Sherlock rubbed his eyes. “I’m just having a difficult time reconciling the fact that Soo Lin very nearly died tonight with my certainty that if we had not accepted her offer of help, we’d have lost any chance we had of actually getting close to Moriarty. We’d have
Mycroft started up the stairs. “He can’t avoid discussing this forever, no matter how distressed he is. Keeping us all in the dark now is only wasting time.”
“Not your housekeeper. And Sherlock hides them in the tin on the shelf.”
“Hey—“ started John.
John nodded.
!” gasped the Bully, shamefaced, on the verge of humiliated tears, and nursing one arm.
“Uh, not that I can think of, but…”
By all appearances, utterly ordinary.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up at the corners. Oh, this was unexpected. He hadn’t anticipated being tailed so early in the Game.
to be—
John felt cornered. What was he supposed to do, invent an entire false identity while sitting in this office? “Direct deposits are a thing that exist.”
“… What do you mean, someone’s dead because of me?” interrupted John’s voice, so quiet and void of the outrage in Sherlock and Lestrade’s voices that both Detective and Inspector stopped dead.
“Oh,” said John, grimacing. “Christ. My condolences to him, then.”
“Are you honestly going to yell at me?” said Sherlock. “Now?”
“But they did cross again.”
“And?” said John. He could tell the name meant something more than just a stranger’s name would. “Do you—“
. Stitches would be interesting.”
“Good. Now sit tight.”
Also, quick note: I'm American, and this story is written, edited, and researched solely by me (and I am but a lowly geology student) ~ so please forgive the American spellings, geographical inaccuracies, and any gaps in medical science. I do the best research I can, but goodness knows my medical training only goes as far as basic CPR and I don't actually have a clue. XD
But John smiled.
“I don’t understand why you’re still hesitating,” said Moriarty. “It’s very simple. If you don’t do it, you or your pet will die in twenty seconds.”
not drive?”
John took a deep breath and pulled the zipper a little further, suddenly making his every movement cautiously and deliberately.
As always, thank you all so much for your patience, support, and kind messages! <3 Seriously, it means the world to me
Sherlock indicated the box he was carrying. “Of course. I did not think you would want to be kept in suspense. Time is money.”
John cut Amberley off. “Did she take anything else? Clothes, perhaps?”
“So… So he kidnapped John and made a meeting necessary so he could…”
It was Sherlock’s turn to raise an eyebrow.
Lestrade seemed to lost the strength to even look surprised and was looking between Hope and Sherlock with an expression that clearly said he couldn’t decide if he wanted to applaud or punch the Detective.
“On the coffee table.” Sherlock plucked the A string and adjusted the tuning peg the tiniest fraction.
killed.”
And yet, John was used to situations like this. His head was perfectly clear, and for the first time since Sherlock had woken him up in that morgue, he knew exactly what he needed to do.
John couldn’t. He couldn’t say anything.
“Does it matter?” asked Sherlock casually.
“At least according to the laws of physics.”
Sherlock slowly walked forward, Lestrade following closely behind him, eyes fixed in place.
John shoved the papers back across the desk at Mycroft in one fast, jerky movement. “What the
“Look,” said John flatly, looking up and fixing Sherlock with a Look. “You looked like absolute shit, and you obviously didn’t feel much better than that. You weren’t fit to be running around. And it’s a good thing to lie low after being abducted by a group of people still roaming the streets. Lestrade thought it was a good idea.”
“Kind of a nice thought, though.”
Someone else had come to spirit Watson’s body away, without knowing that the body in the coffin would have been alive and awake and aware. John Watson had been potentially minutes away from unknowingly being disposed of by some unknown criminal entity.
“It is honest,” Mycroft replied. “I have no intention of coddling you. Not when I have people I am responsible to. And responsible
(See the end of the chapter for
“He already almost succeeded,” Mycroft reminded him bluntly.
“Because he’s an idiot.”
John took a deep breath. “The Diogenes.”
“He doesn’t have to be,” interrupted John. “We can help you. Get you into some kind of protective custody, maybe. Help you start over, like you planned.”
“So we just… go back to focusing on Moriarty,” said John. “Right?”
Sherlock’s entire mind stood still, for just a second, as a single thought rang through his head like a shot.
puzzle #2: nekkid people
Three seconds.
“And it’s definitely for me?” said Sherlock, taking a few measured steps forward to stand in front of the box.
He sensed, rather than saw, the incoming hit on his left, and he dropped down to avoid it, and spun out a leg to knock out the attacker’s.
“So the only thing we’ve learned from this little puzzle he sent you is that Moriarty’s as twisted and clever as we thought all along, and he’s had twenty-odd years of time to hone his skills undetected,” said John, feeling more and more anxious.
. Right in front of me.”
“You can’t log into any accounts or use anything that involves a password,” said Sherlock. “No email, no bank accounts, no social media—“
Sherlock slammed his head back, and a dull crack announced his success in breaking the nose of the man on the ground with him.
you—who else am I going to be able to send on such short notice?
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his mouth, thinking. “If so, it doesn’t give us much to go on.”
John took a few minutes to organize his thoughts, during which time the only sound in the flat was the gentle roar of the Bunsen burner in the kitchen and the faint hiss as whatever it was Sherlock was burning was slowly consumed by the little fire.
