“And Lady Gilda as well,” the king nodded toward the fairy.  He blinked when he noticed Dean and Cas.  “You must be the ones I owe the safe return of my daughter to.”
“Isn’t this supposed to be a happy, non threatening time?” Sam asked.
Dean felt the spell before its effects became apparent.  There was a slight pause before he heard it.  Every bird within ear shot took to the air at once.  No calls or songs, just the beatings of hundreds of wings.
The warm feeling fluttered up in his chest again.
“I don’t understand why you need our protection at all,” Castiel said.  “You’re a powerful witch in your own right, why do you need us?”
“All of you, return to your places.  Stay there until you are needed again.”
“I hope either my partner or I get that lucky,” Sam nudged Dean.
“No really,” Dean sighed.  “But a lot of people buy into the whole ‘I’m a knight so I can do whatever I want because I’m better than you’ school of thought.  People sometimes run in case I’m in a bad mood an want to hurt someone because I can.”
There was a very real chance that he would die violently.  It was an occupational hazard for knights.  Dragons, duels or warfare were common was for a knight to die.  Sometimes they died of old age, but it was just as likely he’d end up with an arrow in his throat.  He had made his peace with that.  He didn’t like it at all, but he had accepted the reality.  But this?  Being trapped like this to fight and die only to fight and die all over?  For eternity?  These men had been fighting for hundreds of years and there was no end in sight.  Death was suppose to be a release.  A rest.  This was anything but restful.  He focused on Lucifer to avoid thinking about the fighting unfolding yet again.
“Why is it called that?”
The darkened space inside the archway rolled in on itself and Dean was suddenly felt a blast of heat.  There was a large room made of stone on the other side of the archway.  He heard the clanging of metal against metal.
Nestled on a white cloth was a black band, though it might have been a very dark blue.  The ring sparkled as Dean picked it up.  The light of the forge caught tiny flakes of what he thought were pieces of gemstones.  They appeared to shimmer as he turned it.  The ring was very light, he barely even noticed it in his fingers.  It seemed to pulse lightly as he turned it.
“I don’t have one.  I’m not a grand wizard.”
Dean blinked a few times and stared at himself.  Well, almost.  The copy was almost identical except he had a few more wrinkles around his eyes.  A few more scars.
“What my son means is that he and I can portal the troops to the field,” Naomi explained.  “We should probably provide some protection for their minds.  I don’t think most of the soldiers will deal well with witnessing so much magic.”
“It is what the room is called.”
A few questions led him toward a tented inn that would serve his purposes.  It was cheap which was his main requirement.  Money was going to be tight if he couldn’t pull this tourney off.  The inn was also reasonably clean, though he felt that was mostly due to it being so newly set up.  It also had an adjacent tent that functioned as a stable.  Dean had waved off the stable boy claiming that he preferred to care for Baby’s needs himself.  It was a partial truth.  He did prefer to care for his horse himself, but also didn’t want to spend the money.
“I’m not tired,” Dean assured him.  “Just thinking about something.  I want to hear about your trip.”
“Talk to him about your father Castiel.”
“We still have at least another hour before the sun starts to set,” Charlie argued.  “We could be a little closer to home by then.  Or at least closer to a bath.”
Dean didn’t remember hitting anyone, but his hand did hurt.  He could have punched Luke.  He’d been pretty freaked out for a bit there.  Maybe Luke had been there and he just hadn’t noticed.  He shoved it all aside.  “I’m fine.”
“Not important,” Raphael dismissed.  “It means he has few to no allies to speak of.”
More effort was needed, but he pushed himself into a sitting position and looked around for the voices. Dean sat nearby on his blanket.  Lucifer stood a short distance away with that blue demon creature at his side.  Castiel smiled again when he saw Dean.  Neither of them seemed to have noticed him sitting up.
“How long do you think you’ll be gone?”
“He said it was a forked metal rod about the length of my forearm.”  Dean unlocked the Impala and climbed in.  “Made of some kind of metal that looks like bronze.
The magic in Rowena’s home didn’t phase Castiel all that much.  He had grown up surrounded by magic.  Quills that wrote down whatever was said to them, tapestries that were also gateways to faraway lands and busts of long dead relatives that would offer advice were all common in his home.  It was easy to forget that not everyone grew up like that.  Dean certainly hadn’t.
“Hello,” he called out.  "May we come in?"
“I agreed Dean,” Castiel said softly.  “Let’s finish this.  What do you want?”
“Are you out of your mind?” Castiel demanded.  “I cannot go on a quest.  Wizards don’t go questing.  Mother will be furious.”
“He never seemed to have a problem with me using it.”
“You’re back,” he said.  “I wasn’t worried though.  I knew you’d come back.”
The weeds continued to pull him away from the gate, but slowed the further he got from it.  He wasn’t sure if whatever force pulling him was weakening.  Or if he just needed to be nearby whenever whatever he had sensed came for a snack.
“I was just a few feet away Dean,” he said.  “I won’t leave you.”
“The villager was right,” Castiel told him.  “Garth is a werewolf.”  He reached out quickly and grabbed Dean’s arm.  “He hasn’t killed anyone and he’s had years to do it.
“A what?” Dean asked feeling a little bit foolish.
The sun was still below the horizon when Dean led the group through the portal that Michael had made for them.  Michael stood by his side, but Lucifer hung back.  The valley was peaceful in the moments before sunlight began to spill across the land.  The air was still, even the birds were quiet.  He didn’t know if the birds had left because of Zachariah’s meddling or because they knew what was coming.  It didn’t matter.  Today he was getting his son back.
“You didn’t.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he glanced at Castiel.  Castiel bit his lip and tried not to laugh.  A moment later he got his first look at Bobby.  The man was older than Castiel expected, there were a great many lines along the man’s face.  His beard was more grey than brown.  Yet he moved with the determination of a much younger man.  Bobby’s eyes narrowed slightly when he saw Castiel.
The man’s eyes lit up.  “Could you come see my daughter?  She really should see the man that saved her.  You slayed a werewolf for her.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and pulled himself from the chair he was in.  He loved his husband, he really did.  He would do anything for Dean, but he also really wanted to finish reading that scroll.  He’d had it for a few weeks now and between duties around the manor and Jack’s needs he hadn’t had much of a chance to delve into it.  Whatever Dean needed better be important.
A few moments later the knight’s armour and tunic lay next to the man on the cot.  Even to Dean could see that the man’s arm was broken.  Free of the armour the arm bent at an awkward angle.  The sister propped the limb gently with her fingers and elicited a hiss of pain from the man.
Lady Gilda had been badly beaten.  Her blue dress was in tatters and caked in blood.  All of the injuries Dean had inflicted on the dragon were apparent on her body somewhere.  There was a deep cut in her side that was bleeding .  Her left eye was a mess of blood, but it wasn’t bleeding as openly as it had been before.  Her left arm was blackened from where the rod struck her, it looked like a severe burn.
He felt the gate open again and sighed in relief.  For just a moment.  The way out might be present again, but it could be something returning to eat him.  Something had definitely entered the water.  He felt the movement.  Then he saw a shadowy figure moving toward him.  He couldn’t make out what it was.  Smaller than he’d expected.  But sirens and merfolk were human sized.  Or it might be far enough away that he could see it, but not realize how far off it was.
Dean had fully expected to find out how strong the enchantments on his new armour were.  Instead of feeling the dragon’s claws sink into his flesh, or hearing the scrape of claws on his armour, he heard nothing.  He blinked the stars from his vision and saw that the claws were a few inches away from him, but not getting closer.  The air shimmered slightly each time the dragon pushed down.  The slight blue to the air told him Cas had managed to get a spell up in time and save his ass yet again.  He took advantage of the barrier and pulled himself to his feet.  He was going to be sore tomorrow, but that was a problem for tomorrow.  If he made it that long.
Castiel stood as he came into view and was visibly relieved.  “Good you’re safe.  I thought I was going to wait until morning to find out what happened to you.”
“I guess,” Dean said.  “You said you were here to get bark for a spear.  Do you only make weapons, or do you make other things?”
Even during the early afternoon the hall was dark.  Castiel felt a touch foolish holding the spoon aloft to cast enough light to see clearly.  He regrated enchanting it, but it was practical if silly.  There was no point in enchanting something else to shed light when the spoon still worked.
“Claire is voting for a wild hunt,” the queen said.  “It would be fun to chase you down.  It’s been a long time since I’ve been on a hunt.  I saw your horse too.  A beautiful beast.  One that I would love to have in my stables, but if we invoked the hunt I would have to kill it.  And that would be a shame.  Perhaps that could be the
“That would be our signal I think,” Gabriel said.
“We went for a walk and we came back through the orchard,” Castiel said.  “There was a big web in the one of the trees and there was a huge spider in it.”
The phone rang once and clicked over to voicemail.
“And I am not accustom to having my home’s defences breached by those that I’ve helped.”  She looked at Dean and Cas when she said that.
“Dean” the man squeaked out.
“I think it’ll be whatever mother thinks is best,” Lucifer said.  “Whatever it provides, eat light.  You’ll feel better in the morning.”
“I guess you would know,” Dean said.  He felt like he was trying to run on loose dirt and the ground kept shifting under him.
“What did it say.”
The next few days passed uneventfully.  Dean couldn’t even begin to explain how relieved he was about that.  Dean and Luke took turns watching over Castiel, though Dean did keep taking short rest breaks so he could spend more time in the infirmary.
“You’re going to be fine.”
**********
“You didn’t, I think of him a lot,” Cas said.  “I just don’t talk to him.  He abandoned my father while he was dying.  I can’t forgive him for that.  The rest of my family has, but I haven’t.”  Cas took Dean’s bishop with his knight.  “He got involved with demonology and necromancy.”  He glanced up to see some confusion on Dean’s face.  “He tracks with demons and the dead.  Not pleasant magic.  He was too busy with that to be with our father as he died.”
“Squirrels.”
A glint of light caught his eye.  The spoon was reflecting off the cup that still lay on the floor next to the pedestal.  He had completely forgotten about that.  He picked it up and examined it in the light.  It was a beautiful piece of work.  It was mostly clear, but had thin threads of blue running through the crystal.  It almost looked like he was holding solid water.  It was delicate, but very strong.  There was no sign of any damage from the fall it suffered when Castiel knocked it over.
He waited for a response, but none came.  He wasn’t surprised by this.  His plan probably wouldn’t even work.  After a few minutes of waiting he gave up and went back to the campsite.  Dean arched an eyebrow in question, but didn’t say anything.
The next few matches were each over fairly quickly.  The princess and her father were speaking quietly while Lady Gilda and Gabe struck up a conversation.  Castiel just let his mind wander.  A pair of small birds landed nearby and he entertained himself by feeding them some bread left over from the meal.
“Black is better than green.”  Raphael went silent in Castiel’s head for a moment.  “Your friend is almost certain to die Cassie.”
“Absolutely not.  You aren’t ready yet.  Maybe I’ll consider allowing that tomorrow.”
The road was worn smooth through frequent travel, but Dean didn’t see anybody.  This surprised him, and if he was being honest, disappointed him a bit too.  He had been traveling alone for weeks and looked forward to the opportunity to talk with someone.  The likely topic of conversation would have been the tourney, but he would have taken anything.  Even a discussion about the weather would have been welcome.
“If you must have his agreement, than Raphael or Gabe will contact him.”
Cas blushed again.  “I was trying to find something to make you a shield.  I thought you might have something that would work.”
“I cannot,” he said.  He hoped he sounded regretful.  “I have a mission of the utmost importance and cannot delay.  Even for so great an event.”
Dean heard the gentle flutter of wings and a rush of air.  Without turning around he knew that Cas had opened a portal to wherever he had been.  Those Elven ruins, though he didn’t know exactly where that was.
Dean hadn’t noticed that another portal had opened.  Gabriel was leading four horses.  Behind him a stream of soldiers came through a portal.  They were dressed in a combination of Charlie’s and Gilda’s colours.  Dean never had the heart to tell the women that their coat of arms was awful.  It looked terrible.
“I read his aura.  I can see the stain of the attack that turned him, but he doesn’t have the stain of murder on him.”  Castiel let his hand drop.  “He’s not entirely human anymore, but he isn’t a monster.  He’s had years to hurt and kill, but he hasn’t done it.  I don’t think he will.  He helped those kids.”
“Stop that,” Luke snapped.  “I need to know if you’re finished with the hysterics or not.  You weren’t rational a few minutes ago and I doubt you heard anything I said.  We need to deal with a collapsed lung and can’t do that if I’m worried you’re going to sucker punch me again.”
Dean snorted.  “Don’t ever change Cas.”  He stood and began pacing.  “I meant I don’t know how to relate to my emotions well.  Or express them.  I care for you.  A lot.  And I want to do right by you.  I’m not a great boyfriend.  I drink too much.  I lash out easily.  My body is slowly falling apart from all of the damage I’ve done to it throughout the years.  There are better looking men out there.  Funnier men.  Smarter men.”
“We used to.  But when mother died father turned to drink.  And then stopped paying attention to everything else.”  He advanced the pawn.  Just two more squares.  “The king was willing to keep the vultures at bay because father had been a staunch ally for years.  His son though?  His son didn’t care and the vultures swooped in and just started picking off pieces of our land.  Now the only thing left is the ancestral home and a few fields.  Barely enough to keep the taxes paid.”
should apologize to her.”
“He has to live nearby,” Castiel said as he slid off his horse.
“And now your dough should be slightly firm but have a little give to it when you push on it.”
Despite everything that was going on, Castiel loved that his husband still helped him get on a horse.  He was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but it was a small act that he loved about Dean.  He allowed himself to enjoy it for a moment.  Gabriel and Sam were already on their horses by the time Dean finished helping Castiel.
***********
Dean was fully on his feet and Castiel prepared to drop the barrier to let the knight continue with his battle.  He felt confident that he’d be able to recast the spell faster next time.  He let the barrier go.
“Aw fuck.  A troll.”
“I would  be honoured,’ Dean said.  “When would I assume my duties?”
Jack looked up when he heard Castiel.  The boy’s eyes widened.  “Hi, Poppa.”
“Uncle Raphael can heal anything,” Jack said seriously.  Without letting go of the knight figurine in his hand Jack reached up and grabbed Gabriel’s hand.  “It’s story time.”
He was allowed to spend a little more time with Dean, but visiting hours were ending.  He confirmed contact information with the nurse before kissing his husband good night.  “I’ll see you in the morning,” Castiel told Dean.  “I love you.”
Dean let out a heavy breath.  “It’s our son.  He’s been kidnapped.”
“Vaguely threatening,” Dean admitted.  “Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
“They always do dear.  Don’t give in though.”
Two guards moved to block Dean and Castiel’s path into the room.  Dean ran the first one through, the man gurgled and dropped dead to the floor.  He pulled his sword free of the body and shoved it into the second guard.  Dean didn’t even pause as he advanced on Zachariah.
A small red squirrel sat in the branches above the path and was readying another acorn to throw.  It chittered angrily at him and threw the acorn.  Dean raised his arm and blocked the missile. The squirrel stamped its foot and ran along the branch before disappearing into the leaves.
“If I have to I will,” Castiel promised.  He didn’t want to bring Lucifer into this if he didn’t have to.
“We were having an after hunt meal at the bunker.  Must have been about fifteen of us.  Huge nest of vampires.  We took the down and celebrated afterward.  I was carrying a huge tray of bacon and I slipped.  Cas was right there and he caught me and the tray.”  She tipped her glass toward the angel.  “Sometimes your guardian angel is more than a metaphor.
He leaned back on his heels.  There was nothing he could do to fix this.  He didn’t even know where to begin.  But he did know someone who might be able to help.  His brother Raphael was a talented healer and Castiel had seen him work near miracles before.  If anyone was able to keep Dean alive it would be him.
Gilda shook her head.  “Mother employs entire teams that constantly burn the bramble weed to keep in check.  By the time a blade has finished cutting a gap the gap has already sealed.  We won’t be able to just set it on fire and walk away.”
“I’m fine Dean.  A little drained of grace, but fine.”
“Stop it Dean,” Sam said calmly.  “Jack is my nephew and I’m going to be here.”
“Truly?” the spirit seemed impressed.
“It’s a big forest Dean,” Castiel said.  “Bound to be more than one squirrel.”
Castiel looked over to see a very tall boy caught in that awkward stage between being a child and being an adult running across the yard.
“I didn’t know how to get a hold of you, but I’m glad you came.  There’s not going to be a class today.”
“Careful Luke,” Donna told one of the young men.  “I don’t want a repeat of the forge.  Don’t cut corners or you’ll blow us all up.  No, put it on the other side.  The barrels need to be spaced out.”
Jack’s eyes lit up.  “Is this how Poppa met Poppa?”
“You did what?”
“Are you sure?  Do you want me to get you something to eat?”
Cas blushed.  “Same way I got you to Rowena’s.  It’ll take a few minutes to get the spell set up.”
His and Dean’s son.
He snatched up a fallen branch and prepared to cast the spell again.  The rocks were out of reach, but this might pierce the thick hide and hurt it enough that it would focus all of its attention on him instead of Dean.
Standing near one of the tables was the dwarf.  He was just as tall as Dean remembered, but moving a lot more freely.  His hair and beard were a deep brown and actually looked like hair.  His clothing seemed to be made of leather, which was sensible given the risk of burns.  Apparently being home was enough to reverse the petrification effect.
“He slayed the beast that lived in the Western Woods.  Killed it and its hellhounds.”  The man tried bowing again.  “Once the creature was gone the woods were no longer darkened by evil.  I led the men up and we burned the unholy place down.  The gods favoured us, not five days later my daughter returned.  And Hedrick’s boy was with her.”
“Of course not,” Luke gasped.  “You’re just friends.  Got it. Okay.  I promise I won’t kill your not-boyfriend.”
“I do not say this lightly Sir.  It was an honour to spar with you.”  The other knight bowed briefly.  “And I would say the same if I had lost.  May the gods never pit me against you on the field of battle.”  He walked out of the tent and left Dean to the attention of the healer.
“We need to get you somewhere safe.”
“I did,” the queen said.  “If I hadn’t Jodi wouldn’t have let you in.  We have business to discuss.   Well, more of a punishment really.”
Castiel had been doing a good job, he thought, of keeping his anger and frustration at bay.  There had been too many delays for his liking and he was not going to let a stupid door keep him away from Jack.  The spell came easily and he shoved his anger into it.  With a sharp gesture he yanked the door.
“She said this would help recovery.  Drink it and we’ll see how you feel in a bit.  If you’re up to it we’ll set out today.”  Dean left it unsaid they wouldn’t leave if Castiel wasn’t stronger.
Dean bolted out of the cabin and down the overgrown path.  As he ran he thought that he’d found a reason to subject Baby to this overgrown path; Cas.
“Are you surprised?  Mother enchanted it herself.  She hates sweets.”
The conversation with Lucifer had given Dean enough to mull over that he didn’t engage in much conversation as the pair finished placing the rune stones.  The veiled threat about what would happen if he hurt Cas hung at the back of his mind.  He didn’t want to put too much thought into what a wizard who could summon demons and command the dead would do to him if he hurt his brother.  Dean shrugged that off, he didn’t want to hurt Cas.  He’d sooner cut off his own arm.  The fact that Lucifer might do that for him if the situation arose didn’t matter to him.  If he hurt Cas, the least he deserved was to have a limb removed.  It was a good thing that he didn’t intend to hurt Cas.  He liked his arms attached like they were.
He took another drink from his beer and contemplated calling Charlie.  Begging for help on this.  She drew all the time and it always looked effortless when she did it.  Images just sort of gliding onto the page.  He knew she practiced a lot, but she made it look so damn easy.  But Charlie was off limits right now.  Asking for her help on drawing would lead her to ask what the drawing was for.  And admitting that the help was for making a ring for Cas would probably lead to vengeance.   And the current threat was his internet crashing.  Charlie wasn’t one to make empty threats so Dean decided to leave her alone about this.  At least for now.  If he got desperate enough he might still call.
“You should move,” Castiel told him sadly.  “Far from here.  Go as far as you can and then go further.  The village may have the details wrong, but they are on to you.
“Come on Donna.  Pick up.”  Dean paced around his room while the phone rang a third time.
Gilda was gone for most of the night and only returned in the small hours before dawn.  Charlie had done her best to distract Dean and Cas, but it had been a mixed bag.  One or both of them would be pacing at any given time.  There was nothing to do but wait.
“We’ll just do this my way,” Rowena said.  She pulled a cloth from her belt and wiped her hand.  She carefully folded it and tucked it away.  She didn’t offer Charlene anything.
Castiel groaned and rolled over again.  The sun was firmly above the horizon and there was no ignoring it now.  He had always preferred to stay up night and sleep in late into the morning.  Since he’d started this quest with Dean sleeping in became near impossible.  He knew he was cranky most days and was grateful that Dean let him come into the waking world at his own pace.  It was just one of the many things that he appreciated about Dean.
Castiel walked across the balcony and leaned against the railing next to his brother.  He opened his mouth to apologize and was surprised at what came out.
He spotted his brother talking to Lady Gilda near a vendor that was closing up shop.  Castiel suspected that almost all traces of the tent town would be gone in the next few days.  Gabriel noticed him and waved him over.  As he approached Castiel saw a few coins exchange hands with the shopkeeper.  The old woman handed several flowers to Lady Gilda before turning back to packing things away.
It took them a few days to reach the mountains, or more accurately, where the slopes leading up to the mountains began.  The land sloped upward toward the peaks.  Gently at first, but rapidly steeper.  He hoped the dragon wasn’t too far up.  He hadn’t brought any climbing equipment with him.
“We keep going,” Castiel decided.  “Missouri said you were going to meet elves and a bird told me there are settlements around here.  If we keep going, maybe we’ll find the elves.  They can help.”
He patted her neck.  “Sorry about that.  Should have kept my eyes on the road.”
A few minutes of searching around the dock turned up a small skiff.  It was too small to hold Dean, but would fit his armour.  He thought he could push it ahead of him as he swam.  He suspected the current picked up toward the middle of the river, but he was a strong swimmer now.  His tumble into the pond taught him the merits of knowing how to swim.
“Did you ever stop to ask what other people wanted? What they needed?” The other Dean asked.  “Or were you always too busy deciding what they needed and sacrificing yourself to do it?”
“I would guess that it has something to do with my imperfect work.”
The movement was fast and Castiel understood why lifeguards were careful when approaching people who were drowning.  The man let go of the armrest and grabbed Castiel’s hand.  Squeezing it tightly.
Castiel was slumped in a chair when Dean came out of the room.  Princess Charlene was sitting with her hands folded neatly in front of her.  Dean sighed and slid into a chair at the table that had given Castiel such a headache only a week before.
He’d been driving for about five minutes when he found himself thinking about different metals for the ring.  The gold and silvers had been replaced by the burnished look of bronze.  He didn’t really care for the idea.  It was too muted in colour and he felt that bronze always looked like it needed to be cleaned.  Any ring he got was going to have to last a long time, so something that would tarnish like bronze wouldn’t work.
I'm not entirely sure I'll name the sword, but I'm open to suggestions.
“Won’t work,” Michael said.  “Bogarts induce madness.  Just a few of them could turn an entire army on itself.”
“I’m going to get your blanket all wet,” Dean told him.  In response Cas just made a one handed clapping gesture.  “Alright.”  He peeled off his small cloth and hugged the blanket around his naked body.  He didn’t give the fabric to Cas and instead laid it near the fire himself.
“Why are you two all the way over there?”
After a particularly long-winded begging session Castiel’s father had lost his temper.  “If she wanted you to know she would have told you herself.  Now stop asking.”
Lilith nodded.  “I know he’d like that.”
“We all do embarrassing stuff from time to time,” Cas had said.  He reached the door and stopped before leaving.  “But you have nothing to worry about, you have a very nice butt.”
“Rest well, Benny.  You’ve earned it.”
“I’m glad,” Castiel told him.  “We thought they had likely run off and they weren’t killed by a murderous werewolf and his pack of hell hounds.”
“The knight in green, the one you were pleading with the gods to let win yesterday.  Very disappointing when he lost.”
Castiel ran around the creature at a distance in case this was a rouse.  When he saw Dean he realized what had happened.  The knight had sunk his sword to the hilt in the creature’s body.  The angle of the sword would have put it through several vital organs.
The fight could not have been called a battle, it was barely a skirmish.  Dean and his company arrived and had no trouble finding the men who had been attack the village.  Even though he was young, Dean was the leader of the company and had to issue the challenge.  The men had laughed at him.  It turned out they were far more skilled at fighting unarmed peasants than trained fighters.
“What possessed you to bring a fairy into my home?”
“I will seek out this beast for you,” Dean said.  “If I find a monster I shall slay it.”
“I need your opinion on som…”
“I won’t leave the room.”
He took his nephew’s hand and lead him to the stairs.  It took them several minutes to climb the stairs, Jack had reached an age where he wanted to do everything himself.  Once they made it to Jack’s room Sam helped him get ready for bed and seated himself at the foot of the bed when Jack was tucked in.
“Except that he wanted to.  Not every gift has to have a special occasion around it.  Sometime you just give someone you care about a gift.  No strings attached.”
The gates to the castle were wide open when they approached.  Charlie and Gilda were assisted down from the horses and the entire party was led through the halls to stand outside the throne room.  They were announced and ushered inside.
“You wish me to open our libraries and offer our tutors to a boy who is not family?”
“I cannot go with him,” Castiel said.
“Your wife knows how to make an entrance,” Dean said.
“I was thinking now,” Crowley smirked.  He snapped his fingers and Dean was left alone in the kitchen.
Dean hadn’t said much the last few miles.  They’d passed the small chapel where he had spent a night in contemplation.  Charlie had accepted riding from the point on, but had groused about it.  Her constant low grade complaining had left him alone with his thoughts.  His quest was almost at an end and that should be something to be happy about.  But he wasn’t.  His quest was coming to an end, but that wasn’t the only thing.  Cas had agreed to come along for the quest.  Well, he had been forced by his brother to come along.  Maybe he wouldn’t want to stay once the quest was over.  Dean wasn’t sure what to do about that. Or even think about it.  He’d grown attached to the wizard over the last few weeks.  More than attached.  He wasn’t sure he was ready to face the road ahead without him.
“Sit down and talk about this.  You’ll find a solution that won’t break the rules.”
Dean laughed.  “An enchanted sword and armour?  I’m working my way up in the world.”
“He shouldn’t have to be fine in the morning.”  Dean stopped without turning around.  “He should be fine now, but you were wasting time when you should have been with him.”
“Not what I asked.”  Michael tried to stay out of the way of the small army of assistants that bustled around the room.  He settled for standing still and letting them move around him.  “If he was on a battlefield the medics would leave him.”
There was a knock at the door.  He was in the sleeping area and almost didn’t hear it.  The knock came again as he made his way through the visiting area.  He had almost made it to the door when it opened and Dean stuck his head inside.
“Don’t know,” Castiel said.  “A rabbit ran by and that was more exciting than talking to spiders and we had to chase the rabbit for a bit.”
Castiel felt Lilith’s spell fade.  Without her constant concentration the dead crumpled to the ground.  They had accomplished their goal, the bogarts were dead.  He could see figures coming out of the breach in the castle walls.  Some of them were wearing liveries, but most of them weren’t.  He wasn’t sure if they were another of Zachariah’s tricks or Bender’s personal guard and servants.
“Didn’t intend to do that,” Castiel thought to himself.  But it would probably work.  He could deal with that later.  Right now he needed to find a healer.  At night.  In the middle of a forest.
“You start by admitting it yourself.  Say it Dean.”
“We don’t have much of a choice if we want her to live,” Dean said.  “I’ve seen injuries like those before.  They’re likely to fester and do it fast.”
“I don’t know if I can teleport him,” Michael said.
“Unfortunately, very little,” the doctor told him.  “Neurosurgery has already come and seen him.  The blockages are too small and too deep to remove.  There are clot busting medications for strokes, but he is too close to surgery.  He would bleed to death if we used them.  All we can do is wait.  As the swelling goes down we can see how bad the damage is.”
“Don’t know.  Never did.  Wouldn’t come when I prayed.”  The other Dean sighed and plopped onto the bed.  “Never found a trace of him.”
Dean thought there was something off with Cas.  He seemed distracted.  Worried even.  Dean wasn’t sure what the wizard had to be worried about. He was a powerful wizard.  Lots of magic.  What could bother him that couldn’t be fixed by magic.  Dean added that to the list of things he needed to tell Cas later.
Castiel turned to see Lucifer stepping up beside him.  The man and his wife made quick apologies and walked away at a pace that suggested walking, but really was almost impolite running.
Gabriel failed.
Charlie and Sam all but dragged him from the hospital to a diner across the street.  They fed him real food and then let him run back across the street.
The cloak Lucifer was wearing obscured almost every detail about the man’s body.  The hood even hid most of his face.  If he hadn’t known better Castiel would have assumed the cloak was black, but he knew it was a dark burgundy.  His brother had always liked the colour red.  He was somewhat surprised that his brother hadn’t brought his staff along with him.  He remembered how proud his brother had been when he achieved the rank of grand wizard and had taken his staff everywhere.  Father had to finally counted staves as weapons and banned them from the meal table.  Castiel remembered how Lucifer had groused about that for weeks, though the closest he got to disobeying the order was leaving his staff immediately outside the room.
Castiel knew who Dean was talking about without asking.  The last scene they had seen before finding the camping spot would stick with him for along time.  It was smaller in scale than some of the others.  Just two men, but it repeated a dozen times before they could pass it.  Both men were on foot and would appear in mid-strike.  One only had sword and shield and the other only a mace.  They would trade a few blows before the mace wielding fighter would land several attacks.  A flurry of attacks brought him through the shield defence and in to hammer his foe up close.  It really took one blow to end the fight.  The mace crashed into the side of the other man’s head and he went down.  Castiel thought he would remember the way the downed fighter’s eyes stared up at the sky for the rest of his life.  The mace wielding man took a step away and the whole scene vanished.  Only to begin again almost immediately.
“There is more to it than that.”
“Looks like a pouch of faerie’s gold to me,” Rufus said. “Idiot probably even thought it was real.”
“Of course he is,” Dean said.  “With us as parents?  No way he would turn out ‘normal’.  What happened?”
When he had first met Rowena Castiel had been willing to accept whatever deal she made to save Dean’s life.  He hadn’t questioned the specifics at the time and promised to do what she asked.  He hadn’t questioned the specifics over the last few days either.  Dean had alternated between being near death from his injuries or being near death with his injuries and delirium.  There had been brief moments of lucidity, or at least cooperation, when they could feed the man some water and thin broths.  Most of the time Dean had been unconscious or else screaming about things only he could see.  All Castiel could do was sit nearby and hope for a moment of lucidity.  They had not been frequent enough.
“I’m sorry, I really am, but you’re dead.”
He helped the man lay down and went back to his horse to get whatever he thought might be useful.  It wasn’t much.  He knelt next to Dean and piled his meager supplies next to the knight.
“I’m pretty sure that guy from the diner stole it,” Dean told him.  “Said he threw it away though, so it’s somewhere in the woods.”
Dean began walking back toward the Impala and let his mind drift.  His thoughts wandered toward the ring he still didn’t have for Cas.  Or the design he still didn’t have for the ring for Cas.  He had tried finding inspiration during the hike, but nothing had really came together for him.  In his frustration he picked up a small rock and threw it at a large rock formation.  The rock connected with a satisfying thud.
“How are the wedding plans coming along?” Cas asked.
“Kevin and I think Zachariah is behind this,” Gilda told them.  “He is an upstart noble that Mother banished from the court years back.  He fled to the Wilds and mostly stayed away, but he’d pop up now and again.  Mother would slap him down and he’d go silent for awhile.”
“You don’t know,” Dean said softly.  The anger lessened, but didn’t dissipate.
The knight had been fascinated by the door to their rooms.  He kept moving the handle around and opening to door to see another room.  Eventually Rowena had to tell him to stop, saying that the door wasn’t a toy.
“I can’t speak to his skill in combat, but he has the intelligence to not immediately race into battle with an unknown foe.”  Michael pulled a large chair over and flopped down into it.  “He was obviously stalling, but it showed intelligence.  Most of the idiots I fight charge head long into whatever trap I’ve set.  I think this one would see the trap.  A fast learner too.  He turned away from my exit.”
He didn’t know what it did or even why it was here.  It looked like something someone would travel great distances to find.  Possibly to heal a beloved cleric or provide water for a drought parched kingdom.  This cup looked like the end goal of a quest.  If he took it than whoever needed it wouldn’t have it.  Dean had stressed the importance of following certain rules while on a quest.  Castiel hadn’t been sent to find this cup and he shouldn’t steal it from someone who had been sent.  He would have felt awful if Dean had come questing for it only to find the pedestal empty.
A cloud of smoke obscured the area of the castle wall where the gate had been.  There was a groaning sound, loud even from where they were standing, and part of the wall collapsed.
“He took my son Rufus.  He’s going to pay.”
“I know a lot of people Donna.  But most of them are better at stopping mummies than making rings.”
Dean looked at the board and sighed.  It was Check now, but in two moves it would be Checkmate and there wasn’t anything he could do to stop it.  He gave Cas the two moves so he could have the satisfaction.  After his loss they reset the board.
Dean shook his head and pushed the potion away.  “You take it.  I’ve just been fighting.  You need it more.”
The chapel was small and would have only fit a dozen people if they were not picky about being crammed up against one another.  The monk that attended the chapel had performed the rites and then left him to his meditations.  The night had been uneventful, but Dean felt calm in the morning and confident he could face whatever lay ahead.  The monk returned just before dawn and provided him with some bread and cheese to break his fast.  He sat on the chapel steps and watched the sun begin to peak over the horizon.
Cas cocked his head to one side and then changed the subject.  “New movie at the theatre, want to grab it after school?”
“Your family is far better than mine,” Dean said.  “I can’t bring much to the table.”
********
The only change he could see in Cas’ condition was that Luke had him tilted to one side slightly.  Otherwise he looked exactly the same.  Luke looked like he was on the verge of collapse.  Which he probably was, Dean had no idea when the last time the man had slept.
“What is this all about Dean,” Cas asked as he was led to the table Dean had set up and covered with the fanciest tablecloth in the bunker.  Turned out the Men of Letters like to dine fancy.  A nice tablecloth, expensive looking dishes and even real silverware.
“Cas?” Dean shouted.  “What are you up to?”
*******
“Do you believe me now?” the man asked.  His voice echoed around them.  “I could leave you here if you need more convincing.”
“You’ve reached Claire.  Leave a message.”
“Finally,” Charlie huffed.  “We’ve been looking all over for you.  I had to drag this one away from the attentions of more than one lady.”
“Of what, brother?”  Lucifer said.
Dean let out a breath.  “I don’t remember Sammy doing anything like this.  And your mother didn’t mention anything about it either.”
A moment later the door opened and a woman stepped through.  Dean couldn’t place her age, but she wasn’t young anymore.  Her deep red hair was piled on her head and artfully swept away from her face.  She wore a plain dark green dress.
“Of course she’s recovering faster, Dearie.  She doesn’t have veins full of manticore venom.”  The witch patted him on the back.  “If it makes you feel better, I didn’t have to regrow an eye for you.  Just most of your shoulder.”
“A bit.  Mostly because you’re going to have to do things you don’t want to.  Or at least, think you don’t want to.  It really will work out for you if you do though.”  She put her hand on his.  “Family is rough, but they can be worth it.”
“Do you think it’s really a werewolf?”
The statues remained where he had left them after he had them carry Dean to Rowena’s cottage.  He thought he had told them to return to their bases on the pillars, but apparently he hadn’t.  They just stood in the middle of the hall.  He chose one at random and walked up to it.  He wasn’t sure if it was the same one that had initially attacked Dean or not.  Or the one that Dean had tried to save him from.
The hours passed somehow and eventually the surgeon came out to talk with him.  The surgery had gone well and Dean had been moved to the ICU.  They would wake him in a few hours and Castiel would be able to see him once the staff had settled him.
Barb gave him a shove and he ran for the door.
The queen spun back to face them.  Her hair lengthened and turned a deep green.  The gown flared out briefly before wrapping itself around her.  When she finished her flourish she was dressed in a cloak of leaves.
Jessica sipped her mint tea and enjoyed a moment to herself.  The morning sun was warm through the window and she was trying not to doze off.  Sitting by the window might have been a mistake.  She was tired.  She had been up late last night repairing Jack’s red tunic.  He had others he could have worn, but none were red.  He had been insistent, almost inconsolable at the thought of not being able to wear it the next day.  It took her an hour to find the right colour of thread, but she did it.  And was able to repair the large tear in the fabric.  Then she washed it and had hung it to dry before she retired herself.  In the morning Jack woke to find a clean tunic to wear.  He had been excited to put it on and she struggled to keep him still long enough to put it on.  He had rushed downstairs moments after being fully clothed.  Despite how tired she felt, Jessica had smiled at his antics.  It was refreshing to see someone so excited over something as simple as a red shirt.
Castiel hadn’t known Dean long, about two months now.  Less if you counted the time Dean had been delirious or unconscious.  He felt like he knew the man well though and liked what he had found so far.  He was worried about the future.  It was custom for the rescuing knight to marry the lady he rescued.  He’d already pointed this out to Dean and the knight had sort of shrugged it off. He hoped Dean shrugged it off because he cared for Castiel the way the wizard cared for him.  They’d have to talk about that at some point.  Probably better to do it after the princess was rescued.  It shouldn’t be much longer.  He could see the mountains in the distance.  Another few days would put them at the base and they would find the dragon somewhere along its ridges.
“Thank you for what you’ve done,” Charlie said.
Without looking away Garth nodded.
“Probably best if he found you first,” Raphael said.  “I’d remove your lungs without letting you die.”
Raphael rinsed his hands in the basin an apprentice provided.  “Jack will be disappointed if I don’t.”
********
Rowena came storming out of the cottage before they’d crossed the yard.  “You daft fools, what do you think you’re doing?”
Charlie was already in the room.  There wasn’t a chance for him to get an apology out.  Gilda immediately started talking when they came in.  She was quite animated given how injured she looked.
********
Dean really didn’t want to know, but didn’t say anything.
“Okay, what is this?  How is a music festival in the middle of nowhere a case?”
“Ogre,” Sam shouted.  “There’s an ogre in the courtyard.”
“Maybe a little hungry.”
“We should be going,” Dean said.
“Don’t!” Lilith snapped.
Hope everyone had a safe holiday.
Sam sighed.  “I meant that sometimes you give a gift without expecting anything for no reason other than you wanted to.  You saw something that reminded you of someone and you got it for them.  Just to make someone happy.”
Dean stopped walk and touched Cas’ shoulder to get him to stop as well.  “Don’t do this just for me.  It’s dangerous.”
“What the hell were you thinking?”
He laughed to himself and considered his options.  The Princes stood off to one side chatting like they were guests at a garden party.  He needed to call another if this was going to work.  He had failed his father by not finding a cure. He had failed his brothers by not saving their father.  He was not going to fail his brother.  He would do his part and bring down that wall.  He couldn’t give Castiel his father back, but he could give his brother his son.
“Not a problem,” Castiel assured him.  “Happy to have helped, but I didn’t really do anything.”
The blow to the eye hadn’t been a killing one.  The dragon angry now.  And shortly was going to be looking for someone to vent its anger on.
“Dean”
“Guess we wait now,” Sam told him.
“Shhh.  Just listen.”
“You do,” Castiel said.
“Almost feel sorry for the man,” Gabriel said.  “Who does he carouse with?”
The Faerie noble stepped in closer and swung with both knives.  Dean grabbed the man’s wrist, but the other one slid past Dean’s defense and into Dean’s right thigh.
“Thank you,” Dean said.  “How many?  I think I can raise a few hundred men from my lands and those that owe my family favours.”
The man remembered he was in the presence of his betters and bowed deeply, lost his balance slightly and tried again.  He was more successful the second time.  Dean wondered how much the man had drunk.
Castiel blinked and Dean thought he saw sparks actually fly from those blue eyes.  Definitely a wizard.
“Any suggestions for the wall?”
“Yes."  Dean grabbed his hand.  Castiel wasn't sure he could have stayed behind if he wanted to.  And he didn't want to.
“Oh,” Dean said.  He set the account he’d been looking over down and sat up in his chair.
Sam stared down into his glass.  “I knew that Cas loved Dean, but I didn’t know that he’d loved him enough to relive his life twice just to be with him.”
The man bowed slightly to Cas.  “The elders don’t want to bother him.  He is a busy man.  We haven’t sent for a hunter because we have so little money.”  He turned back to Dean. “But you Sir.  You could help us.  Please.  I would go myself, but I have a small son and I am no fighter.”
“What?”
“That’s going to have to wait,” Dean said.  “She’s going to need a healer.  Unless a fairy can heal themselves.”
The wizard crossed the same way Dean had, but looked at him oddly when he was on the other side.  “What was that about?”
“Don’t you have enough wealth to support him?”  Cas asked.  “That was incredibly rude.  I’m sorry.”
“You’ll have to forgive the rope.  I know me and if I’d confronted me directly the best I could hope for would have to be stabbed in the leg.”
He hiked along the trails for about two hours before he considered calling it quits for the day.  He’d walked along most of the main trail as best he could tell.  It curved around on itself several times and if it weren’t for the various large rocks jutting out of the ground he’d have never realized he was doubling back on himself. Dean hadn’t actually expected to find anything in the woods.  Jimmy didn’t seem like the most reliable source, but he’d kind of hoped something would turn up to explain the death of Simon or whatever was happening to his students.
Sam stared down into his beer.  Dean had been dead for months now.  Deep down he had always known that hunters did not end well.  The only ones who came even close to happy endings were the ones that got out.  But some how he had convinced himself that he and Dean would be fine.  Always on top.
Dean had several tabs open on his computer.  All of them showed rings.  Gold rings.  Silver rings.  Platinum rings.  Plain bands.  Braided bands.  Some set with gemstones.  He’d even found some tungsten rings, though he wasn’t entirely sure what those would be like.
He was about to turn away and shoulder the door closed when he heard it.
“As long as you’re going with me.”
And that was the end of it.  Castiel hadn’t met another seer until today.  Wizards did a great deal with magic, but rarely tried to peek into the future.  The few who did usually went mad.  The only ones who could divine the future safely were seers and they usually kept quiet about what they saw.
“Help?  How?”
“What type of flower is best for that?” Dean asked.
Gabe returned a few minutes later with a worried look on his face.  “I don’t know if I’m reading it right, but it looks like this Zachariah is in the Faerie Lands and not here.”
“Gabriel contents himself with parlor tricks for the most part,” Cas told him.  “But he really is a grand wizard and could has some powerful magic at his disposal if he wanted to call on it.  Fortunately for the world he’s too busy chasing women and desserts to get up to too much trouble.”
“It’s a beautiful day out,” Dean said.  “It’s been so long since I’ve been outside.”  The sunlight showed how pale Dean had become after his illness, but Castiel could see the redness starting to come back to his cheeks.  It wouldn’t be long now before Dean was back to full health.
“Mother’s weaving a tapestry right now.  It shows a castle, but I don’t know where it is.  There’s also some an unusual wall around it.”
“I’m surprised he tolerated it.  He despises the names Gabriel uses.”
Dean started.  “Your what?”
He ate a small meal to break his fast and than puttered around the campsite to stretch his legs.  After a few laps he sat down again.  He was tired already.  When he’d stood up he thought he might walk down to see how Dean was coming along, but now he didn’t think he would make it that far.  He needed a bit more rest first.
“Bender is just a fool being offered power,” Naomi said.  “He’s handed over what little he has on the promise of more.  Zachariah will discard him as soon as his usefulness is used up.”
Dean looked at Castiel again.  The wizard shrugged back.
“I know he looks good,” Charlie nudged him.  “But you’re drooling and people are going to stare.”
“That’s just great.  You told me to bring you here so you could fix him.  And now you’re saying you won’t do anything?”  Dean slammed his hands onto the counter in frustration.  A few small bottles fell over.  “What the fuck?  Do something!”
“Well, I’m here now.  So Michael, have at it.”
She assured them it was fine and that they should leave them alone with their new guests.
They turned off the road and continued along the path.  It was wide enough to allow both of them to ride comfortably abreast.  The trees hugged closer, but any of the lower hanging branches were easy enough to avoid.
Dean set his coffee on the rock and stood up.  “Sammy is never going to believe this,” he said quietly to himself.
“Of course dear,” Rowena said.  “Right after I dress that shoulder."
“Perhaps we should offer something else in exchange for her help?”  He looked at the angry witch.  “What would it take you to help Gilda?”
Nothing happened.  He heard the chirping of the crickets and rustling of leaves in the wind.
In between snores Dean heard the commotion outside.  He sat up and winced as his arm and ribs protested.  It sounded like someone screaming.  He left the cot and poked his head outside the tent.
********
Dean had snaked an arm around the angel’s waist and pulled his hip against his own.  “Home.  I’m already home.”
She slipped back through the door and Dean was glad she took the bowl with its awful smelling contents with her.  His stomach had settled some now that he wasn’t trying to move, but whatever was in that bowl was not helping it stay settled.
The kelpie was on its knees with the leather reins still coiled around its neck.  One end of the reins had unraveled enough to be touching the ground.  The Kelpie was hunched forward as if the reins were far heavier than were.  It kept jerking itself backward, but couldn’t lift itself high enough to lift the rein.  It was as if it were chained to the ground.
The day after his trip to the floor, Cas shared a story that helped Dean feel a little better about his humiliation the day before.
Cas didn’t respond.  “Just saying you don’t owe me for pulling you out of the drink back there,” Dean explained.  “Happy to do it though.”
There was clicking sound that was followed by a ‘woomf’.  The entire plateau lit up and Dean felt intense heat slam into his back.  Columns of orange shot out to his left and right, but left the middle of the plateau untouched.
“Alright,” Dean conceded.  “Lead the way.”
“What were you thinking?”  Dean asked.
“What?  When?”
“I beat up a lady of the court?”  Dean looked at Princess Charlene.  “You’re friends with a dragon?”
“You wouldn’t have been attacked if it weren’t for my brother sending you on this quest.”
“Benjamin,” the spirit corrected.  “It’s been a long time, brother.”
“No harm done,” Dean told her.  “Glad to know he’s being taken care of.”  As he left he thought about heading over to talk to Jimmy, but he probably wouldn’t get any new information and would most likely just upset the guy.
“I am no troll human.”  The rock man had stopped yelling, but was still speaking forcefully.  “My kind had master metal craft long before those foul creatures had learned to stand.”  The rock man shook his head and the rough sound of stones scraping against stone were audible as its hair shifted along its shoulders.  “The indignity of a dwarf being cared with such filth.”
Since no one was available for conversation, Dean decided to just enjoy the day.  Baby was setting a brisk pace and he was sure they would reach the tourney grounds by midafternoon.  The countryside was a pleasant change after so many days in the forest.  The forest had been nice enough, but it had been dim during the day and near pitch black at night.  Dean had only lit one fire the entire time.  He’d quickly put it out, he had the distinct feeling the trees did not approve.  Instead he and Baby had pushed themselves a little harder to get out from under the trees as quickly as possible.
Sam snorted.  “Except that he’s done it before.  Lots of times.  It’s just a matter of waiting for it to happen.”
“I love you too.”
Lucifer checked his work carefully.  The symbols had been etched into the dirt around the circle he’d drawn.  He had cast this summoning ritual before, but it wasn’t one he was every careless with.  Carelessness was a good way to end up dead when it came to demons.
“You’re right,” Dean said.  “We should build a fire and get out of these wet clothes, but first...”
Castiel returned the next week and Helen tried again to teach him how to bake a pie.  The result was better and was almost edible.  Helen was able to swallow the bite she took.  She declined to take more though.
“Gabriel summoned a hell hound in your dining hall?”
“It is too early to have an existential crisis,” the cranky wizard had snapped.  “Toss them in the river for all I care.”
“Not his choice,” Naomi said.  “I’m the head of the family and that decision is mine.  Though I’ll I know my son, this is something he wants.”
“They helped,” Dean clarified. “So did you.”
“I need your help in here.”
“You’re getting a lot of visitors lately,” the man said.
He really didn’t want Dean to ask those questions because he wasn’t sure how to explain how he had cast a spell advanced enough to open a portal to a place hundreds of miles away.  Not just to Dean, but to himself.  He knew the theory of the spell, but had never been able to cast it.  He had taken another step toward manifesting his staff and becoming a grand wizard and he’d never wanted to do that.  He wasn’t sure how to explain, even to himself, how he had tossed aside his dislike for that future life because Dean had needed him.
He rolled himself out from under his blankets and set about cleaning their campsite.  It didn’t take long.  The fire had burned out already and all that he really had to do was roll up his sleeping blanket and pack it away.  There weren’t any dishes to clean because Cas always dealt with the food.  His meager pack of rations remained tucked away in his bag and he was glad to leave it there.  The food the bag produced was fresh and he preferred that over hard cheese and salty meats.  He had grumbled a little when the bag had produced an entire meal without any meat or cheese.  Cas had laughed at him over that and just kept pulling vegetable after vegetable from the bag.  Dean relented and ate what the bag had decided was his meal for the evening.  He decided that Cas’ mother had a mean streak to her.
“Don’t think about it too hard,” Charlie told him.  “It makes my head hurt if I try.  Gilda told me it just means more family.”
Castiel chewed on his bottom lip and looked over to where Jack and Sam were.  They had selected a large red blanket.  “Let me know when he wakes up.  I think we’re going to have a lot to talk about.”
“You can continue to twist your small cloths or you could contact your family Cas.  Your mother or one of your brothers might know someone.  None of the women around here can do the job.”
Castiel started.  “I’m sorry?”
“Your people are warriors,” the dwarf told him.  “They are not craftspeople, they do not create.  That ring is imperfect because it lacks a mate.  Lovers come in pairs, and so should their rings.”  The dwarf opened a box on his workbench.  He pulled out a piece of sky already measured and cut.  “Now, let me craft a ring to be the mate to the one you wear.”
“Why haven’t you approached your lord about this?” Cas asked.
Crowley waltzed into the bunker and set a creepy looking clay pot in front of Sam.
Sam’s jaw dropped.  “You speak elvish?”
The light of the forges gave the ring a reddish glow as Dean turned it over.  The flakes of gemstones seemed to fade at the same time.  Dean blinked.  It wasn’t a trick of the light.  The ring actually was turning red.  The band lightened to a deep pink and the flakes of gemstone had faded away entirely.  A tiny spot of pure light appeared at the bottom of the ring and moved quickly across the band to disappear at the top.  The pink faded away and Dean was holding a band of pure blue in his hands.
“He’ll have to be channeling the Wilds,” Gilda said.  “Even if he has a focus to draw on, its going to take some concentration to maintain these effects.  If we hit them fast enough he might be staggered.”
“How are you feeling?”
Dean would have been willing to give her everything for her to make sure Jack was fed.  He knew he wasn’t thinking straight, he’d just met the kid and he was already falling in love with him.  Bobby stepped in before Dean could give everything away.  He settled on a fair contract with Jessica and went to get an advance to help with her sudden departure from her family.
“Um…..Jack?”  Sam asked.  “I think you’re right about your aunt looking cold.  How about we go pick out another blanket for her?”
“Oh thank heavens,” Naomi muttered.  “Well?”
The wrongness Dean felt vanished.  He stood.  Sam straightened next to him rubbing the back of his hand across his lips.
He took a long bath.  Rowena had provided the practical part of bathing, just getting clean.  Being able to soak for a longer period of time was nice.  He enjoyed it.  The closest he had come to being able to soak like this was his dunk into the kelpie’s lake.
Castiel sighed.  “Jack, you can’t make others do what you want just because you want them to.  You have magic and that has to be used carefully.”
“Which one?” He asked.
Castiel considered the situation.  Dean was going to need more defensive options than he had right now.  He seemed to be doing fairly well with the sword, but only had his armour to protect him.  During the tourney Dean had made good use of his shield and one would likely be helpful here.  None of the debris in the room with him was big enough to work as a shield, and even if it was, it was all too flimsy.  He could keep casting the barrier spell, but the dragon would figure out away to stop that from happening.  Dragons were far smarter than they were given credit for.  Dean needed a shield he could wield without having to rely on Castiel.
“I’ve already sent one of my girls to get him,” Ellen told Bobby.  “And I’ve sent another to get Castiel.  I’ll leave you to this and go round up the servants inside.  We’ll tear that house apart.  If Jack is there we’ll find him.”
“You wake up the horses and I’ll put my stuff back in my bag.”
“A friend of sorts,” Dean said.  “He was a good man once.”
“Why is he here?”
The wizard had started by just watching the fight.  After several resets he began walking in a large circle around the men.  Occasionally he’d stop and look at something.  Dean never had any idea what he was seeing and didn’t want to bother Cas with his questions.  He probably wouldn’t understand it anyway.  He decided on ‘Lucifer was seeing magic’ and left it at that.
“I don’t know Poppa,” Jack admitted.  “I just wanted her to and she flew into the kitchen.”
The barge lurched violently.  Castiel saw the men hauling on it faster and he was rapidly approaching the far bank.  He looked back to see how Dean was faring.  The shadows were lengthening, but he could see that the knight was still standing, but all of his attackers were not.  Several of the men had pulled back to a safer distance.  They had lost the element of surprise and had discovered their prey wasn't going to roll up and die for them.
CHARLIE: I will crash your internet.
“Of course mother.”
“I’m glad it all worked out in the end,” Dean said.
“What service did he provide?” Charlie asked.
The first thing he was struck by was the rich green surrounding Dean.  A person’s aura could tell you a great deal about them.  Dean’s told him that he was healthy, kind and determined.  There were darker areas that suggested at deep hurt, but Castiel didn’t know what would have caused them.  The outer edges were loose which meant he had loved, but not yet found a true love.  That sent a little thrill through Castiel that he quickly clamped down on.  He was invading Dean’s privacy and that needed to stop.
Dean blushed slightly.  It made his freckles stand out.  “A good point.”  He pointed to the field between the village and Grovetop.  “Could we save a few days by cutting across the field here?”
“Ooohh, I wanna go on that hunt.”
He unwrapped the staff.  He ran his fingers along the bees along the top of the staff and than traced them down the green stone surrounding the animals.  A master craftsman couldn’t have made a better piece.  The animals looked real enough that he expected them to walk off the staff.  When he closed his eyes he could almost hear the buzzing of the bees.  He felt deeply connected to the staff.  He just wasn’t sure how to feel about its existence.
“That’d be great.”
“I’m on my way to the studio now,” Sam said.  He sounded a little out of breath.  “Probably going to have to walk.”
“Ogres first,” Dean said.  He slid from his horse and drew his sword.
Dean blushed.  “Thanks.”
“Thanks Cas,” Dean mumbled.  “Nice shirt.  Looks better than the other one.”
“Aunt Donna?”
Being forced on the quest with Dean was the best thing that had ever happened to him.  He would never admit that to Gabe, but his brother smirked everything he saw Castiel so much as smile at Dean.  His brother knew and would never let him forget it.
“Why don’t you go ask her?”  Dean heard ‘idiot’ as Bobby turned away.
“Today,” Dean said.  He turned to Gilda.  “We think your mother might have something to do with it.”
This might have rambled a bit, but I think it got where I wanted it to.  Hope you guys enjoyed it.
“That man is not running around in my head again,” Rowena snapped.  “I’ve already contacted him for advice.  I suspect he’ll agree with me, but he might have some suggestions.” She turned to leave.  “You know where the washing area is.”
At least he shoulder wasn’t bothering him as much now.  It still hurt, but the pain had receded some.  Now that the pain was less he could focus on other things.  Like how thirsty he was.  He really needed something to drink.  Maybe Cas had something to drink, he should ask.  But he didn’t want to bother the man.  He looked concerned about something.  Dean didn’t like how the lines creased his face.  Cas’ face was pretty and shouldn’t have lines like that on it.  But whatever it was must be important because only important matters would concern a wizard.
“So what are you thinking?”  Dean asked.  “A Muse maybe?”
“He is mine,” the creature said.  Its eyes flashed a deep green.  “Mine by ancient pact.  Leave.”
Castiel had always appreciated Raphael’s directness.  His brother had never been one for pleasantries.  If it warranted a conversation it was important enough to skip pointless words.
The hours ticked by.  Sam and Castiel were joined by Dean’s parents, Mary and John.  Shortly behind them can Sam’s long-time girlfriend, Jess.  Charlie, a mutual friend of theirs, came in around hour three.  Small talk was made and everyone traded off details trying to get Castiel to eat something.  Except Charlie.  She didn’t ask so much as plop down next to him and hand him a cup of coffee and a hospital bagel.  She didn’t say anything when he held them, but didn’t eat.  He was too worked up to eat anything.  Besides, people got better to get away from hospital food, right?  Who would willingly eat this stuff?
The door to the cottage opened and man stepped out.  If Castiel was bring charitable he would have called him ‘slight’, but the man was honestly scrawny.  Thin faced, thin build and mussed hair.  He wore plain clothes that just hung off him.  He called out loudly to the dogs to stop making so much racket.  It had almost no effect.  The dogs had seen the visitors and they had to announce their presence to everyone.  The man ran his hand through his hair and turned away from the
“I hope you don’t have to wear it for long,” Castiel said.  “It looks heavy.”
The dragon coiled itself back for an instant before pouncing forward.  It brought its claws down and they stopped an few inches from Dean.  The dragon grunted in surprise.  It raised one of its clawed hands and smashed it down again.  There was a ripple of blue light in the air and the claws stopped just short again.
Dean paused.  “Why?”
“Yeah yeah yeah,” Jodi waved it off.  “On to business.  When did I know?  Not as soon as I should have.  Like Sam it was after a hunt, but I my tip off involved the other constant in Dean Winchester’s life; food.  Specifically bacon.”
“I am your mother and the head of this family.  I do not need to explain my decisions to you.  Now sit.”  She stirred honey into her tea and took a sip.  “We have a great deal more to talk about before Michael returns.”
“You’re doing well,” Raphael had said.  “Time to lay back down.”
“A wild what?”
They lapsed into silence again, enjoying the afternoon and each other’s company.
Before coming to Earth Castiel had thought he understood humanity.  He’d watched them for millennia he was sure he had figured them out.  Since he’d begun walking among them he realized how little he actually understood.  Almost everything seemed simple, but only turned out to be far more complex.  Gifts.  He thought he understood gifts.  Gifts were given and received on special occasions.  Simple.  But if that was the case, why did Dean just give him a leather cord with a pair of intricately carved stone wings?  There were no gift giving holidays occurring.  There were no special occasions.  This made no sense.
“That was my brother, wasn’t it?” Castiel asked.  “He made an illusion of her so no one would suspect anything.”
“I’m Dean,” the man told him once he’d reached the ground.  He stuck his hand out.  “And who is my saviour?”
The funeral was tomorrow.  Dean had been dead for four days.  Plans had been made and he would be expected to present himself tomorrow and he was not ready for it.  How did you do something like this?
“He’s a long way away,” Cas explained.  “I think you’ve already met him, sort of.  It’s complicated, but he’s using magic to sort of see through Rowena’s eyes and give her directions as to what to do for you.  Though she seems to be an accomplished healer herself.  They saved your life.”
“I’m fine,” Cas said.  “They’re going to be sleeping for a few days and probably wake up with a huge headache, but I’m fine.”
“Oh, I’d forgotten all about it.  I didn’t even tell you.”
It was dark on the other side of the doorway.  Castiel concentrated for a moment and his staff materialized in his hand.  He held it up and the green stone that ran along the carvings began to glow.  He was standing in a large, mostly empty, room.  Pieces of broken wood were scattered about.  He suspected they’d once been furniture.  A carefully marked firepit sat against one wall with the remains of a tripod over it, the pot was missing though. Even with the debris, the room was large enough for him, Dean and both horses.  There was another doorway that led deeper into the mountain.  This room looked safe enough.  If the thick layer of dust was any indication, he was the first person to have set foot in here in a very long time.  Goblins probably weren’t going to come streaming out of the other room.
“No,” Lucifer told him.  “You are not going to go about this world unschakled.”
“I think she is,” Castiel said.  “She didn’t ask for money and I’ve only heard of real seers doing that.    She didn’t really ask anything of us, so I guess we can choose to follow it if we want to.”
“Almost anything,” Sam said.  “Especially the last few years.”
“You don’t have to do this,” Dean said.
Dean arched an eyebrow at him.  “We’re not in the wrong place Dean,” Castiel assured him.  “The man is lying.”
“Right,” Cas said.  “Let’s get you inside and laying down.”
The man stopped a few dozen feet away.  He stamped his spear into the ground.  The tip flared for a moment and arcs of lightning ran down it before leaping to the ground.  The air around Dean started to smell like it did after a thunderstorm.
Naomi looked at her son and sighed.  She set her teacup down with a precision that, to anyone who knew her, showed how frustrated she was.  “It wasn’t this difficult with Lucifer and he actually summons demons.”
The demon’s pained cry had been loud.  Louder than his own.  In the past he had seen Cas smite.  Seen the righteous wrath of the angel directed toward some foe that had harmed him or Dean before.  Sam had never seen anything vaporized before.  The demon was briefly outlined in a flash of light and then all that was left was the knife it had been holding.  There hadn’t even been any ash as the knife clattered to the ground.
“Hello brother.  It’s been a long time.”
Princess Charlene whispered something to Lady Gilda and the pair of them giggled quietly.  The princess pointed to something off to the side of the field and the pair of them laughed louder.  An older woman that Castiel hadn’t caught the name of shushed them and the pair quieted down a bit.  Both continued to giggle though.
“I can’t treat him here,” Luke repeated.  “Tell me you drove here.”
“How is my son?”  The queen looked annoyed.  “My baby boy that you are raising?  Ring a bell little knight?  If he’s come to harm I will very upset.”
Castiel heard the grating of stone against stone.  In the light of the spoon he could see one of the statues turn toward them and step of its base.  It was carved to look like an elven woman.  The grinding sound occurred again when it pulled a long blade free of a sheath carved into its side.  The statue advanced toward them in an unhurried by steady pace.
Once inside  he helped Dean off his horse and felt his stomach clench at how unsteady the man was on his feet.  If he hadn’t been holding on to him Dean would have fallen.  The man didn’t seem to notice and just smiled.  He mumbled something and then blurted out “I should ask to kiss you.  But after the hug.”
“It’ll need to be cleaned and the poultice applied again.  We can back off on the frequency of changes to just twice a day.”
Castiel took his hand.  It was a firm grip.  “Castiel, Forest Ranger.”
There was laughter and catcalling from around the room.
“No.”
“Were all of his students from the local community?”
“I didn’t ask what he looked like,” Raphael snapped.  “I said bring him.”
He’d been flying high on their success when they walked back to the car.  It was late and the sun was beginning to set
Dean stepped outside.  The man had almost reached the main house.  He was dressed in armour that didn’t seem to be weighing him down at all.  As he approached closer Dean could see the family resemblance.  No question, this was Cas’ brother Michael.  And he didn’t look happy, but he didn’t look angry either.  He had the blank face of a soldier.  This probably wasn’t going to go well.
“Witches have a reputation for a reason,” Charlene snapped.  “Pick something else.”
The horses were sleeping in the corner.  He was pretty sure Baby was snoring.
The dwarf didn’t correct Dean a second time.  “Look again and tell me what you think I have made it from.”
Luke pulled a pair of scrubs out of a cupboard and set them on the counter.  He sighed as he turned around and looked at Dean.  His expression was neutral.  Dean had seen that look in every emergency room he’d ever been in.  It was a look that gave nothing away except to say ‘you are not in control here’.  Dean could feel the
“Why not?  We’ve just as much chance as anyone else,” Cas said.
“Perhaps it does,” the dwarf pressed.  “I would know who are the allies of a human who would attack helpless travellers.”
Castiel glanced at the clock.  It was just passed two in the morning.
Castiel carefully drank exactly half of the potion and handed the rest to Dean who upended it and drained the bottle.  It didn’t take long for the potion to take effect.  The fatigue drained away and he felt almost alive again.
The building Cas led them up to was far bigger than it had seemed from across the clearing.  The distance and fading light had played with his perception.  Its open archway would easily allow a man on horseback to ride right through.  The doors were long gone, which was good because he didn’t feel like knocking right now.
At Dean’s command, the men began marching down the hill.  Castiel had never seen his husband in this particular role and thought it suited him well.  Very well.
“Of course not.  It’s going to take him a few minutes at least to ‘put himself in order’ so I thought I’d pass on some advice.”
Dean pulled a chair over and sat down by Cas’ side.  He leaned on the bed and just watched his friend for a moment.  He tentatively reached out and grabbed Cas’ hand.
Jack dove under the water a few more times and then made his way to the bank.  She wrapped him in a blanket as soon as he had both feet on dry ground.  She rubbed him briskly down and lead him over to the cloth she’d spread on the ground.  The food for their lunch was already sitting out.
It's been fun writing this, but I think this is my favourite chapter so far.  I hope you guys are enjoying it.
“You remember my brother,” Gabe said to Lady Gilda.
******
“I would like that very much.”
“You should go.  Now.  Spend the night.”
Dean was too tried to argue.  He let Castiel cover him and put a glass of water near by.  He dozed off.
“You’re a seer?” Cas asked.  “An honest seer?”
Dean’s dad had also taught him about family loyalty.  In John’s mind that had meant himself, his sons and his wife.  Over the years Dean had realized that what John meant, even though he probably didn’t know it, was for Dean to be loyal to his brother, his father and his father’s all-consuming desire for revenge for the loss of his wife.  Dean loved his father, but deep down knew the man had been a shitty dad after Mary had died.  He couldn’t see anything but the pain his grief left for him.  He’d abandoned his sons for his own crusade.
“Exactly,” Cas said.  “I’m not a knight, so I might be wrong about this, but shouldn’t this be a dark and foreboding thicket?  No sun, shadows everywhere, twisted brambles and mist that shouldn’t be possible floating outward along the path?”  The wizard gestured around.  “This is all so mundane.  If this is how werewolves live I will be sorely disappointed at the books I’ve read.”
“In all of our years of marriage I have asked little of you,” Lilith said.  “But I’m going to now.  Why are we here?”
Rowena had suggested the chessboard after Dean complained about not being allowed out of bed.  Well, she suggested it after she made a snide comment about falling.  The witch provided him with a beautiful hand-carved set.  He offered to play a game with her and she laughed at him.
“He did what?”
“I’ll finish the spell.  Go back where I came from.”  The other Dean shrugged.  “Maybe this version of me won’t even exist.  Maybe something better will be there instead.”
Swinging a sword underwater is almost impossible, but Dean made do.  The blade was sharp enough that the weeds fell away when he had barely touched them.  In just a few moments he had cut most of the plants away.  He pulled the wizard the rest of the way free and they swam toward the surface.
******
“I swear it,” the creature wailed.  “I swear I’ll never return here.”
Garth looked at Castiel with wide eyes.  His face was white and he was starting to sweat.  He looked terrified.  He swallowed loudly.  “They can barely chase down rabbits right now, could never hunt down the souls of the damned.”
“Bring him back.”
“Looks like.”  Charlie looked apologetic.  “Is there anything I can do for you in the mean time?”
The man seemed to slump deeper into his chains.  His voice was dull, almost resigned when he spoke.  “I guess that makes you hunters.  At least you’ll kill me faster than the wolves would.”  He pushed himself up a bit more into an upright position.  “My name’s Luke.  And yes I’m a witch.  But I’m also a nurse, and an amateur botanist and a chili enthusiast.  Hell, I’d be a husband now if I hadn’t dumped my fiancé after she cheated on me.  I’m not just a witch and I’d really like to get away from here.”
Dean would likely be asleep for the next few hours anyway and Rowena had all but tossed him out of the house.  He glanced up at the sky and counted the hours until sunset.  There should be enough time for him to get there and back.
Cas was bent over speaking softly to the fawn.  It seemed to enjoy the scratches and lifted its head happily into his hand.  It bounced away for a few steps and than came back for more scratches.  Cas seemed to be more than happy to provide them.
“I think you’d have won,” Castiel said.  “You’re too good not to have.”
“Talk to you two.  Tell you a few things, some of which you don’t want to hear, and then I go down that road.”  The woman pointed in the direction Dean and Cas had come.  “It’s safer now that you’ve deal with those ruffians.”
“Huh?” Dean looked up and smiled and than frowned.  “You’re awake.  Are you okay?  Do you need anything?”
“Couldn’t sleep.”
“Brother?” Raphael’s surprised voice sounded in Castiel’s head.  “What’s wrong?  Is it mother?”
The other Dean laughed.  “Oh, I’m not a shapeshifter.”
Cas turned and grimaced to himself.  “It has been a long time Lucifer.”
Dean took the time to explain at length why any given Zeppelin song was better than anything that came out today.  Though he would admit some of the new stuff on the radio did not make him want to shoot himself.  He also debated the virtues of apple over rhubarb pie.  He knew the conversations were really more of a monologue, but they helped him keep his sanity.  He didn’t want to be a gibbering wreck when Cas woke up.  Because Cas was going to wake up.
“Jack,” she called when his head popped up again.  “It’s time to eat.  You need to come in now.”
*****
“Come on,” Gabe called.  “We don’t need to knock anymore.”
“No,” Dean said again.  “This is my punishment.  I won’t have anyone else carry it.”
“What does your office decorations have to do with Dean.”
“Birds are chatty creatures,” Castiel said.  “They talk to people all the time, but really like it when they find one of us that can talk back.”
The dragon was calming down.  Its cries of pain had quieted some and it wasn’t thrashing around anymore.  It wouldn’t take long for it to rally and start attacking again.  Dean decided that he would wait for it to move a little further away from the stairs and than attack it again.
In response Cas closed the distance between them and kissed him.  It was a nice kiss.  Warm and gentle.  Short though, too short.  It made Dean’s insides flipflop around.  He would have to have a repeat of this kiss.  Perhaps a lot of repeats.
“It’s enchanted.  Not as good as your sword,” Cas said.  “But really good.”
“A dwarf?  Like Gimli?”
“Um, I don’t think that’s the point,” Sam cautioned.  “He didn’t want anything in return.”
“You both can’t be this silly,” Naomi said.  “Marriage.  You marry Castiel.  He marries you.  It’s not that hard to understand.”
“Won’t it kill the guys who place it?”  Dean asked.
“I should go now,” Castiel said.  “If I put it off one of Raphael’s minions will give me more lectures.  Where is she?”
“You don’t have a say,” Charlie told her.  “You ride.  Dean, Castiel and I will trade off walking.  We’ll deal with father when we get home.  He’ll probably kill us all anyway.”
It wasn’t just Cas’ garden that flourished.  All of the fields did.  Dean wasn’t sure if it was actual magic, but the harvest was the biggest he’d seen in his entire life.  Even Bobby was impressed.  There were fables that linked the lord to the land.  A sickly lord would result in the land dying around him.  When the lord was returned to health the land would revive too.  Dean thought there might be something to those stories.
Cas looked around as they rode along the road.  “Is it typical for people to flee a knight on an important quest?”
Pie making was more complex than he had anticipated.  He had started by doing some online research.  This had resulted in Dean mocking Sam for watching Martha Stewart videos.  Sam had denied it and eventually their eyes turned to Castiel.
They lapsed into silence for a moment.  Jack and Sam were engaged in picking the warmest blanket.  They’d pulled several down and were comparing them.
Naomi had taken several deep breaths after being told the news.  “We’ll talk about your delay in communication later Castiel.  Get your brothers here and I’ll start scrying in the mean time.  If I can’t find Jack directly maybe I can find this Lord Bender.”
Dean looked around.  The forest appeared unchanged.  Light streamed through the trees and banished most of the shadows.  Plant life flourished all around.  Small shrubs, flowers, vine sand the trees themselves.  He could hear, but not see, small animals in the underbrush.  It was a normal looking forest.
Luke smiled slightly.  “I get it Dean.  Sometimes being at their side is the only way a family can show they care.”  He pulled a stethoscope out of a drawer and popped the ear buds in.  Dean left before he could see any more of the poking and prodding.
Dean looked over the princess’ head at Cas.  The man was busy looking at Gilda and frowning.  He didn’t notice Dean watching him.  The wizard looked tired. Dean knew he had cast a lot of magic in that last half hour.  Far more than he normally did.  None of it seemed as draining as the ritual to free Benny’s soul, but it still had to take a toll on Cas.  Cas chewed on his lower lip for a moment.  It was adorable. He looked up and saw Dean staring at him.  He smiled.  The smile made Dean feel like everything was going to be okay.
“She drained herself getting to the mountains,” Rowena continued.  “She didn’t have enough power to change back.  You should have hidden away in a forest.  Then she could have drawn on the forest.”  The witch looked the three of them up and down.  “You’re filthy.  Bathe and than I’ll find something for you to eat.  I think I have an old dress you can wear Princess.”
“You should take off the rest too,” Cas told him.  He was carefully laying out Dean’s clothes around the fire to dry.  He held out his hand toward Dean but refused to make eye contact.  “You’ll catch cold if you stay in those wet things.”
The fire was further away than he had anticipated and Dean’s teeth were chattering by the time he drew close to the ring of light.  He saw two horses and a lone figure huddled near the small fire.  He sighed in relief as he stepped into the light and made his way toward the heat.
The dragon tilted its head to the side to try to puzzle out what was happening.  It smashed at the barrier again.  Castiel winced, he felt the spell slipping.  He tighten his grip on the staff and tried to reenforce the spell.  An instant later he began to berate himself.  He was a grand wizard now and he had tools he wasn’t using.  It took a slight change to the spell formed in his mind and he began channeling it through his staff.  The green stone flared briefly and he felt the strain of the spell lighten considerably.
Dean had almost drifted off to sleep when he heard the door crack open.  He summoned up the energy and turned his head to look over.  He grinned.
Sam’s day was mostly consumed with books and lessons.  He had put up a fuss the days right after Dean had arrived home, but the knight had been firm.  Lessons were more important.  He almost had to drag his brother back to his books.  Sam complied more when Castiel began helping him with his elvish.  Sam’s tutor was happy to have his help.  Castiel instantly disliked the man.  He was clearly well educated, but also incredibly lazy.  Castiel also suspected he was dipping into the wine cellar.
“What the fuck?”  Luke muttered to himself.
Dean had never known his brother in-law to make a joke.  The closest he came was the playful threat at the wedding, and Dean wasn’t entirely sure the man had been joking.
“That was the father of one of the students,” Sam told him when Dean met him outside the restaurant.  “Says he’s willing to let one of us meet with his daughter for a little bit.”
Jess had taken leave to visit her family, she wouldn’t be back for another week.  They had struggled a little to balance everything without her help, but had settled into a routine that seemed to be working.  Dean should be able to handle changing a diaper.
Behind the foot soldiers came archers.  And then calvary.  Then even more foot soldiers.  There seemed to be no end to them.
“Raphael and I have already agreed, as you know,” Castiel told her.  “Gabe agrees as well.  I haven’t contacted mother yet.”
“Thank you.  I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you.”
Dean drew a line on his forearm with his knife.  He bled a little into the stone vial and replaced the knife into his belt sheath. As he pushed a tissue against the wound he thought about how mad his father would be about giving his blood like this.  Dean didn’t care, as long as it gave him a ring worth of Cas.
“If you are cut from the same cloth as your brother knight than you are worthy of my brother’s praise.  You are made of sterner stuff than you appear boy.  I rescind my challenge.”
Ogres he could have understood.  They had lived all over the hills.  He had read that, until a few years ago, a young knight could make a living clearing out the man-eating creatures.  The nobles had learned that it was best to deal with the creatures eating their farmers.  A happy, uneaten farmer was likely to produce more crops.  The ogre population had been thinned and there hadn’t been an attack in over a year.
She walked over to the bed and pulled down the quilt.  She produced a pair of scissors and snipped through the cloth wrapped around Dean’s shoulder.  A pungent
Deciding that he couldn’t stay there forever, Dean sat up and wrapped the blanket around himself.  Afterward he was happy he’d taken his time that morning.  If he had still been laying down, he wouldn’t have caught the movement.
“Seriously?”  Dean asked.  “Fine, where is the Lady Gilda?”
Dean let a breath.  He never took another one.
Instead of checking the leather though he watched Dean.  The knight hadn’t noticed he was awake yet.  His head was bent over his task and Castiel couldn’t see his eyes, but could see the frown of concentration.  The occasional soft curse could be heard as Dean struggled to adjust the straps.
After that Dean tucked into the spread with a bit more vigor and there was very little left.  Castiel made a point of finishing the strip of meat that Dean had given him.
“Tell me what you need me to do and when I should call you.”
“There’s one this way.”
“Faeries complicate things,” Rufus said.  “Who knows why they do anything.”
“No dignity Cas,” Dean complained.
*******
“Doesn’t’ matter.  As long as my family is protected nothing else matters.”
Castiel prowled around the waiting room until the phone rang and he was allowed into the ICU.
“I’ll tell you what.  Come back next week.  The class is making brownies.  We’ll make a pie.”
*****
“He isn’t wrong, but he’s missing some for the details.  Maybe someday I’ll be able to tell him.  For now I can do this.”
************
“There’s no special occasion.  No reason for him to give me a gift.”
Dean touched his leg.  “Are you okay?”
********
When he opened his eyes Luke had already downed his first cup of coffee and was pouring himself another.  He took a quick glance at Cas and then looked back at the other man.
“Impossible,” Gilda denied.  “Tell me what happened.”
“Sir knight,” the man stammered.  “The others said I should leave you alone, but I had to ask for help.  You might be the only one who can.”
“What do you think?” Dean asked Castiel.  “We could head to the town, cut across the field, hit Grovetop for some armour for me and then head back toward the mountains.”
Dean turned back to the sword and pulled it free.  It was very light, far lighter than his old sword.  He took a swing with it.  It was better balanced as well.  He ran his fingers lightly down the blade, it appeared to be made of a grey metal, but Dean thought it might be some sort of stone instead.  It was made entirely of one piece, or fitted together so tightly that Dean couldn’t see the edges.  It was sharp too and looked like it would hold an edge for a long time.  It was clearly master level
*************
A woman stood in the door frame.  At least Dean thought it was a woman.  She was wearing tattered rags and looked like she’d rolled around in a compost heap.  Her long hair was matted and bits of plant matter clung to it.  Most werewolves Dean had encountered had a woodland scent to them.  This creature smelled like the part of the forest that had begun to rot under too much rainwater.  The smell almost drown out the rotting meat.
Charlie waved Dean’s warning aside.  “I can do what I want for my brother inlaw.”
Castiel sighed.  “Oh.  Next week?  I want to tell Helen that her teaching paid off.  The pie was perfect.”
“That man has saved you,” Dean responded angrily.  Cas had done so much for this soul already.  Dean wasn’t about to allow his name to be besmirched.  “He pulled you from torment.”
Charlie avoided eye contact.  “Maybe.  But I still don’t think you’re well enough.”
hall.  “It’s that way.”
The knight followed his arm and saw the hound.  It was a young animal in that gangly in-between stage between puppyhood and adulthood.  Its fur was a light brown
“Why does he leave?” Dean whispered.
Lucifer noticed him and arched an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything.
Despite his occupation, Dean didn’t like to kill.  He wouldn’t shy away from it, but he didn’t like doing it.  He had met knights that revelled in battle and lost themselves in slaughter.  He looked down on them, even if they were fighting for a righteous cause.  Many men came to fight with him when the king had given the order to exact retribution on the knight that had tried to steal Winchester lands.  Dean went into battle again, but did it out of duty and honour.  Some of the men at his side had done it for enjoyment.  He distanced himself from them when he could.
“We have two choices,” Dean said.  “We can leave willingly soon.  Or we can all wake up on the road with our stuff dumped next to us.”
*****
“Yes.  Sam will suffer if he doesn’t get the lessons.  And Dean will suffer too.”
“The queen and I need to discuss the details,” the king said.  “Charlene, please show our guests to their quarters.” The king stood and looked over at Gabriel.  “I would speak with you after this is done wizard.  I have a few questions.”
Dean had found an elvish dictionary among Sam’s lesson supplies.  He had snuck off with it and had been searching through it.  He’d hoped to find the word that Cas had corrected Sam on.  His brother refused to tell him what it meant, but kept using it.  He even used the corrected pronunciation.  He was about halfway through the book and still hadn’t found it.  He might be wasting his time, but at least it was something to do until Cas came back.  He sighed and set the book down.  He carefully stretched his neck to work out the kink that had been forming there.
“Do you like them?”  Donna asked.
He’d helped his brother upstairs to his bedroom and sent some food up to him.  Dean had put his sword away and then gone back to check up on Sam.  He was glad to see that his brother had eaten everything and was laying down for a nap.  Sam had been incredibly brave earlier.  Stupid, but brave.
price?  Your horse for my daughter’s injuries?”
“Squirrels?”
“Lucifer’s called up powerful demons.  Such things make their presence known. The world doesn’t like it.”
“You’ll get to,” Charlie said.  “You’re the head of your house.  It also means you get to plan your brother’s wedding.  Though if it’s anything like what my father is doing, it’ll mostly be deciding what land goes to who and who gets what part of what treaty.  It’s all really dull.”  She shrugged.  “At least I assume it is, I’m not suppose to worry about it.”
“Just in case,” Castiel said.
A gout of flame shot up around the wall.  When it died down the demons were gone.  All of them.
He furrowed his brow and looked around again.  He wasn’t sure how he missed it when he first opened the door.  A wicker basket sat on the step.  A baby was tucked inside.
Their first major fight happened during their second year together.  The harvest had been unusually large the previous year.  Or so he had been told.  Dean seemed impressed by it.  Bobby seemed amazed by it.  Or at least he seemed to be, Castiel was still trying to figure out the man.  The larger harvest had attracted attention from neighbours and banditry had become a bit of a problem.  Which was a problem Dean was expected to deal with.  Castiel knew this, but didn’t want Dean to go.  Certainly not without Castiel at his side.  They’d fought a dragon, sort of, they could deal with bandits together. Dean had flatly refused to let him come.  They’d fought over it.  Loudly.  Castiel had lost.  He wasn’t sure how it happened, but it did.  It made perfect sense at the time and before he knew it he was watching Dean ride over the hill without him.  Then he fretted for the hours and then days that it took for his husband to return.  Dean always returned safe, but it Castiel could never rest until he was back home.
coming for me.  I wouldn’t have made it out without you.”
Castiel frowned to himself.  Lucifer was right, he didn’t like asking for help.  But he needed it here.  The Fields of the Damned were out of his league.  If anyone could fix this place, it would be Lucifer.
He climbed back onto the barge to see if he could find a way to pull it across the river using the rope.  He swore when he found the frayed end of a rope.  The crossbow bolt had sliced through it before hitting the water.  The barge was stuck on this side of the river and Dean was stuck on the other.  He didn’t know any magic that would help here.  Any attempt to get back to Dean was going to have to wait until morning.
Garth picked up after the fourth ring.  He sounded a little out of breath.
“The healer’s tent is that way,” Gabe pointed off to the left.
“You will help us because I demand it,” Charlene said.  “And you will do it without this attitude.”
The look of irritation vanished from the witch’s face.  He stared blankly at Dean for a second and laugh.  “That’s pretty good,” Luke chuckled.  “Oh god, you’re actually serious.”
Dean was still trying to process the new found family relations that his son had.
Grumbling to himself he accepted he was going to have to wait for Dean to come back.
“Shouldn’t we ask Cas?”
“A worthy cause,” Benny said.  “But it is I who should thank you brother.  To fight for a cause again.  A real cause, not just the memory of one, that almost makes my imprisonment worthwhile.”  The spirit took a few steps toward the battle below.  “We shall clear the way for you.  You'll get your boy back today”
When they pulled apart Castiel realized where he knew the colour from.  The stone running alone his staff was the same colour as Dean’s eyes.
With Chester’s directions, Dean and Sam were able to find Barb’s house with no difficulty.  She lived in a large two- story home with an attached garage and a large detached garage nearby.  A heavier set man in his early forties was sitting on the steps smoking a cigarette.  He gave them a questioning look when they pulled up.
I did a flip on my usual format and have this chapter open with Castiel's point of view.  I couldn't really figure out a way to stay with my normal script.
Dean ran his thumb over the ring on his finger.  It was a new sensation to wear a ring.  New, but good.  He liked having it there.  It meant Cas was his.  The ceremony had been brief.  Or long.  He couldn’t really remember exactly.  He remembered Cas and how great he looked.  Dean wasn’t sure if it was a spell or love, but he couldn’t recall any of the details of the ceremony at all.  Except when he was told that he and Cas were married.  That part was crystal clear.
Castiel blinked at him for a moment.
Dean let the wizard help him down from Baby and leaned on him a bit to retain his balance.  His shoulder barely hurt at all.  He was just thirsty.  He was about to ask
It was a jarring transition to step from the cold and darkened woods into a room that was warm. It wasn’t brightly lit, but the warm glow of the many forges shed enough light that Dean could make out the details in the stonework of the floor and walls.  The room was huge with a high vaulted ceiling overhead.  Multiple forges were set against the walls and each seemed to have something either in progress or ready to start.  At least a dozen tables were scattered around the room.  Each was heaped with raw materials or partially assembled items.
Dean looked over and saw Gabriel holding a drink and handing one to Sam.  Sammy was already holding one.  Gabriel grabbed another one and looked around the room.  He caught Michael’s wave and directed Sam over.
“Think she’s legit?”
“Thanks, we’ll do that,” Dean told him.
“Seems barred from the inside,” Sam said.  “We’ll have to force it.”
Gabe laughed.  “Oh brother, I love you, but you and the princess would make a terrible match.  It wouldn’t be fair to the children.”  He wiped a fake tear from his eye.
The rain had stopped over night and the morning promised to be warm.  Naomi and Raphael arrived just as the sky began to lighten.  A young blonde woman was with them.  Naomi introduced her as Jessica.    Castiel didn’t know the details, but Bobby sorted out some sort of deal with Jessica that seemed to satisfy both of them.
There were worse ways to spend a flight than holding hands with a cute guy.
******
“You hooked up with Anna at the party this weekend and you didn’t tell me?”  He fake pouted.  “Thought we were buddies man.  Can’t keep secrets like this.”
“Oh Dean.  You’re over thinking this.  He’s going to love it because you gave it to him. That’ll make it special.”
Castiel eased the man into a lying position and balled up his coat for a pillow.  The sun was setting and he was going to need more light to see what he was dealing with.  He rummaged through the supplies he’d brought over and picked up a spoon.  He had no idea why he’d brought it with him, but it would suit his purposes.
DEAN: You wouldn’t dare.
Actually, he could use a hug right now.  He wondered when Dean would get back.  He knew that Dean had gone to get the armour that the soul had asked him to take.  Dean would be back eventually and until then he’d have to entertain himself.
“That’s probably where the dragon is,” Dean said.
“If you are.”
“Peacock?”
The woman who led the party was not speaking quietly.
All done now.  It was a fun ride for me to write this out.  I hope you guys enjoyed it.  Thanks for reading.
“Do you even know what this key looks like?”
“So the dragon really threw your plans for a loop,” Cas said.  He moved his rook to take Dean’s advancing pawn next turn.  He cursed when Dean moved his other bishop up.  If he moved the rook the bishop would put his king in check.
“Sorry, sorry, sorry,” Dean scuttled backward away from the angry rock man.  Whatever this was it wasn’t a troll.  Which was probably a good thing, he had no idea how to deal with a troll.  Didn’t sunlight kill them?
Once the arch was gone he realized he’d been standing in another realm.  Sam was going to flip when he told him that.  But all that could wait.  He finally had a ring that was worthy of Cas.
“I wonder how often that’s going to happen?”
Charlie gasped and ran to Gilda’s side.  She gently picked up her right hand and held it tightly.  “Oh, Gilda.”
The last passenger on the plane took the empty seat next to him.  He was attractive and Castiel looked forward to having some eye candy for the trip.  Castiel would normally talk with his seat mates a little, but the man looked agitated so he decided against it.
He glanced into the rear-view mirror.  Cas lay across the back seat with his shoulders and head in Luke’s lap.  The witch held the angel in place and was bent over him slightly whispering gibberish.  Dean felt a momentary surge of protectiveness.  He immediately dismissed it.  He couldn’t fix his friend.  Him sitting in the back seat with Cas in his lap wouldn’t fix his friend.  He shook his head and tried to focus on what he could do instead.  He could get Cas back to the bunker.  Maybe there was something he could do there.  He wasn’t hopeful that he could help at all.  He could drive though.
The rain started before midday.  Castiel smiled to himself.  He had always liked the rain.  The gentle patter of the drops of water hitting the ground had a calming effect on him.  Growing up he would sit out in the garden during the rain showers that came in the spring.  His nurse had always admonished him about it and scolded him into a bath to make sure he wouldn’t catch cold.  When he got older it was his mother directly who would do the scolding.  None of it worked, he would still sit out for the rains.  Eventually his mother gave up and had arches constructed over the benches in the garden.  She had the gardeners plant vines along the base of the arches.  He remember how she had woven the spells to speed the growth of the vines and how the gardeners had guided the vines to cover the arches.  His mother had told him that if he was going to be so silly as to sit outside in the rain he would have to do it under some protection at least.
“Couldn’t sleep well,” Cas said to Dean’s unasked question.  “Felt kind of guilty for what we did to Gilda.”
“Dean?” He touched the man’s shoulder.
“He will,” Dean said.  “As long as he likes.”
“I can’t do much from back here,” Gabriel said.  “Besides, I can’t let Cassie’s brother in-law go into the Faerie Wilds all by himself.  Dean over there would kill me.”
Before they turned in for the night Dean tried one more time.  He pulled Rowena’s chess set from his bag.  “Cas?”
“We’re here son,” Dean said calmly.  Castiel could hear the anger in his voice too.  He glanced at his husband who was staring at one of the other people in the room.  Castiel noticed the three guards, but ignored them in favour of the man Dean was looking at.
I am now royally pissed with myself.  I used the wrong term.  I had used 'aphagia' which is the inability to swallow.  I had meant to use 'aphasia' which is the inability to comprehend or use language properly.  I'm sorry about that guys.  I hope the story is enjoyable regardless of the mistake.
The redness faded slightly from Dean’s face.  “Whenever you’re ready.”
“Where’s yours?”  Dean asked.
“Yeah, but you were more invested than the rest of us.”  Gabe tilted his head.  “I wonder why he’s still here and not out there with the rest of the knights.”
Castiel knew he could teleport himself.  He’d only opened gates because they were more convenient for large groups.  He’d seen Michael use lightning to teleport.  Gabe always used smoke when he vanished, something that irritated his mother to no end.  It always left a smell behind and a residue on the carpet.  That might be the reason why Gabe used that method so much.  Naomi Novak had the cleanest method he’d ever seen.
“Rocks do not have emotions Dean.”  Cas told him seriously.  “Even if you glue those googly eyes on.”
“And how do you know this lady in waiting,” Castiel asked while squinting at his brother in suspicion.
“You all’ve been talking about Dean like he’s the only one who can’t play poker,” Donna laughed.  “Cas is just as bad.  I read the bible a lot growing up and I can tell you that weekly services and daily bible study do not prepare you for an Angel of the Lord to growl possessively.  A waitress got a little flirty with Dean and I thought Cas was gonna throw that poor girl out a window.”
“Of course they aren’t,” Zachariah snapped.  “I meant the ogres and bogarts.  Humans aren’t worth the filth they walk on.”  He knocked Dean’s sword aside and stabbed him in the shoulder.  “Your kind aren’t even fit to be used as servants, just discarded like the worthless trash you are.”
Dean tried to ignore the flinty tone to Cas’ voice.  “Did you want to play a game of chess before we go to bed?”
“What negotiations?”
Sorry about the delay with this.  I had to move, which is all manner of stressful.  And work has been absolutely brutal on top of that.  Anyway, whining aside, here's the final chapter.
Dean has almost jumped out of his skin when Lucifer had appeared.  He hadn’t seen the man approach.  Lack of sleep had dulled his senses somewhat, but as far as Dean could tell the man had just appeared out of thin air.  Which made sense, sort of, since he was Cas’ brother.  According to Cas’ stories, Lucifer was a powerful wizard in his own right.
“No idea,” Cas said.  “But I bet the faeries don’t know either.  My brother is capable of more than just parlor tricks and I think someone is about to get a lesson in what’s real and what’s not.”
“What?!”  Cas looked around frantically.  “Why are we standing here.  We should be looking for him.”
Without giving him a chance to recover the spirit leapt forward with its sword raised overhead. The blade came whistling down.  Dean reflexively tried to parry with his own sword.  There was a solid clang of the weapons.  The spirit stepped in closer to apply its fully weight to the weapon.  Dean barely felt it.  He could feel the force being exerted on the sword, but it didn’t translate into extra weight for him to push against.  He kept the other weapon locked and began positioning himself to stand.  It took very little effort for him to stand and push the spirit back.
Dean recognized the man in the hallway; Castiel.  They took English together.  He would have been at the final yesterday.
The week after that he had.........
“Still is by the looks of it.”
Castiel was still processing everything that had happened.  He’d only been awake for a few hours and most of that time had been half listening to people lecture him about making sure he didn’t move his arm too much or not move it enough.  He knew that he would start to feel guilty about Sam soon enough though.
Dean held up his arm where the shield was still in place.  “I definitely didn’t have anything like this.”
The pile of tuning forks was still on the table.  He could even see the burnished bronze of the one that was probably causing the problem.  The problem was it was buried and getting it out would make noise.  He could wrap them, but he still might drop one.
“Shoot.”
“I like magic when it’s practical,” Castiel said.  He started taking the food from Dean and setting it down on the rock.  “I’ve never really cared for the showy magic.”
The idea that Cas was taking steps to become a grand wizard because of him was more worrying to him.  The late night conversations had made it clear that Cas didn’t want the life that grand wizards lived.  He didn’t want to shake kingdoms to their very foundations.  Instead, he had talked of bees and quiet nights in front of the fire with a book.  The last few days the quiet evenings also had room for a game of chess.  He didn’t want to brew potions for kings and advise queens.  Just a simple life.  To Dean it sounded like a good life.  Guilt was starting to gnaw at him for his own role in all of this, though he didn’t have a clue as to what he had done.  Just had Lucifer’s word that Cas was doing it for him.  And, deep down, he didn’t think Lucifer was lying.
He threw his arms around her neck and hugged her.  “Thanks Nana.”
Castiel felt another tremor, but not nearly as strong as the first one.  A moment later he heard the dragon snort and than a loud shriek.  He was glad he still had his hands on his horse’s reins.  The animal bucked and was close to panicking.  He didn’t even bother trying to calm the animal down with words and instead put both horses to sleep.  They couldn’t get into too much trouble if they were asleep.  He would wake them when they were done with the dragon.
“I hate speeches,” Bobby groused.  “I’ve been in a lot of bars in my life.  Took the boys with me more than once.  Hope to do it a few more times too.  I know how my boys act in a bar.  I know how Dean acts in a bar.  When he isn’t looking at the pretty girls, or the occasional handsome fella, something’s up.  He turned a blind eye to the strapping bartender, the pretty waitress and that group of giggling women.  Glad he ignored the last ones.  The Dean I know wouldn’t turn any of that down unless there was something worthwhile.”
“Maybe,” Lucifer mused.  “I have to ask why though?  Not why should I do this, but why do you want me to do this?”
“A lucky man,” Michael said.  “Or a special one.  Shall we find out which?  Do you accept my challenge?”
The running water was coming from a pedestal at the end of the hall.  A delicate crystal cup sat in the centre.  Maybe the cup was magic.  It could hold lots of water then.  Maybe even enough to quench his thirst.
Castiel locked the front door and met his husband in the car.  Dean was leaning against his baby waiting for him.  Dean swore up and down that he loved his husband more than the car, Castiel hoped he never had to choose.  He was confident the car would win.  To be fair, it was a beautiful car.
Dean didn’t need to look for a landmark.  He knew exactly where they were and how many shortcuts he could pull between here and the bunker.  “About an hour.  Maybe less if that one sideroad isn’t flooded again.”
“No problem.  Call anytime.  But you’re limited to one call a week about rings.  I loved shopping with you, but a girl has to talk about other things too.”
“Why are we following his trail if you know where he went?”  Dean asked.
***********
“Anyone?” the man demanded.  “I’m not just anyone.  I am a wizard.  A wizard of great power.  I charge you with this quest.”
“What are you doing Jack?”
********
“I make many things.  Spears that sing when the Valkyries wield them over the battlefields.  Harps that enchant all who listen.  Armours that would turn aside any blade.  What would you have?”
The man clambered out of the dirt and kept his eyes averted.  “My name is Garth, Sir.  I raise and sell hunting dogs.  Thank you for bring Baxter back.  He’s a good pup, but energetic right now.”  The man babbled something else that Castiel couldn’t make out.
“Of course, Mother.”  Gilda pulled Dean’s cloak away.  None of them had had any time to clean themselves, but Gilda’s gown was perfect.  Not a smudge or stain on it.  Her injuries were gone as well.  Her left arm was unharmed and moved as easily as her right.  The light streaming through the windows caught her eyes and lit them both up.
I hope I didn't come across as using aphasia as a comedic tool.  Not my intent.  What Barb was going through would have been awful and I hope that is how I portrayed it.
“Just a few questions about what’s happened to your father in-law,” Sam explained.  “We saw the papers and thought it was a bit odd that so many people came down with the same symptoms.”
“Yeah whatever, bitch.”
and over again.”  He hung his head down and looked at the ground.  “I can’t stop seeing him.”
He wasn’t sure exactly when it started, but when he noticed it, he reigned in his horse and motioned for Dean to do the same.
“I want to be better at this.”
“What happened exactly?”  Dean asked.
Lilith watched him go before turning back to the table.  “Keep planning.  Give me three days and I’ll get you your damned army.”  She turned and strode away.
“Are you sure?”
Dean didn’t let go.  He started to say ‘thank you’, but it was cut off with a kiss.
“Oh, I didn’t know if you were here or not.”
“Almost as much as you.”  Dean kissed him.
“And she chose not to tell you,” his father had countered.  “Seers know their business, leave them to it.”
“You and Gilda will take Baby,” Dean said.  “Cas will have his horse and I’ll walk.”
“Call me Naomi, I believe this will go faster if we dispense with formalities.”
“Oh, I didn’t mean to,” Dean started.  “I mean, if you don’t want to talk about it.”
“Dean, it’s a stasis spell.  It’s meant to buy us enough time to figure out what to do next.”  Luke pushed off from the wall and washed his hands off in the sink.
“It didn’t do anything,” Dean snapped.  “He still looks the same.”
Once Dean motioned that it was safe, Charlie and Gilda led the horses through and Castiel came behind them.  He finished the spell and allowed the gate to swirl closed.  He had been focused on the spell, so he hadn’t noticed the smell right away.  There was a faint charred smell in the air.  Looking around he saw where it came from.
“That just proves my point,” Sam smirked.  “He’s gone to find a way to save Dean.”
The road they followed led them out of the forest the following day.  They come out at the top of a hill and Dean could see that more trees were in their future.  The road wound its way down to a small village near a river and then back into the treeline.  Looking north he could see that the forest they were leaving just continued around the village and off to the west.  There were open fields of grassland to the south.
“Imagine that,” Cas said quietly.
Dean laughed under his breath.  “Not giving up yet.”
******
“I have rounds to do,” the woman said in response.  “I’ll check in on you later.”
“I thought you were marrying Gilda to Charlie.”
“Alright.” The king dropped his quill into the ink pot and massaged his hand.  “We’ll have an official ceremony about this later on in a few days.  I hate to have people surprised about this sort of thing, so I’ll tell you now.  Thank you for your role in returning my daughter to me.  I admit that this isn’t how the story usual goes, but my daughter is anything but usual.”  The king laughed a little.  “I suppose she does keep things interesting.”
