“I should go now; still need to pack,” Aaron said.
He almost jumped on the bed when he returned with the bottle in his hand, straddled Dean’s legs and quickly squeezed some on his fingers. He still didn’t pull off the panties when he began to finger Dean who let out a pleased hum at the contact on his rim.
“Stay away… He’s my roommate!”
“What is it, Dean?” Cas asks.
“Uh, well, I’ve got a good job, a nice house, a great roommate,” he said and glanced over to Cas when he spoke the word, “couldn’t be better for me.”
“My pleasure,” she says. “Oh, hey, good morning, Jody!”
“Dodge City.”
After they’ve let go of each other, Sam becomes aware of the other people around. Cas is closest, so he starts with him. “You must be Cas,” he says.
Sometimes Dean gets curious what Cas looks like. The actual, Angel-of-the-Lord-Meta-Level Castiel. Not that there’s anything to complain about his Cas—the dorky little guy best friend who Dean is secretly in love with.
“Don’t listen to him, Cas,” Dean says, still standing between them.
“You…you are? You will, I mean…”
“Uh,” Dean continued.
“Oh, you better do.”
“How was your day today?” Cas asks after they’ve started walking.
He finds an unoccupied lounger and spreads his beach towel on it. There’re already a few other people around but most of them seem to be interested in silent sunbathing as well. He takes off his T-shirt and pants, revealing the swim trunks he’s been wearing underneath, and sits down, starting to apply sunscreen on his skin.
So it was a fish after all. A very big fish. A fish that glows at night. Dean has seen jellyfish that glow on TV, though they don’t have tails like the one he just saw.
“I was,” she says, “but I was also sleeping in. I stayed up late yesterday.”
“How long were you up?” Dean asked while Cas was munching his breakfast.
He thinks he should turn in soon as well considering he still has to pack in the morning. It’s good that he’ll, hopefully, have someone with him during the next few days he already knows and is getting along with. They could team up if there’ll be annoying people, too. Cas yawns which makes him realize he shouldn’t stick around any longer so he gets up and leaves the hall.
“Yeah, the Impala was a wreck when I got her but now she’s as good as new,” Dean confirms with a wide grin on his face.
“I miss you,” he says.
“Claire, what are you doing here?”
A group of old men sitting against the wall of a house, each a maté gourd in hand, is staring at him and Cas speeds up his step in embarrassment.
“I see it more as another beginning than the end,” she said.
“Is it?” She spins around, hands still in her pockets. “Hey,” she says then, looking over her shoulder. “How about you get that thing rolling and I’ll tell you a scary story?”
“The tub,” Dean says, looking at Sam. “We need to get him into the bathtub.”
“No, Sam, I have absolutely no doubts about this…about him. Yes, he was the reason for some major heartbreak but now we’re fine and I love him and I wanna be with him.”
“Drunk?”
“You mean Mick?” Cas says and Dean nods. “Mick is my ex, too. We used to date in college but then he moved back to the UK.”
“Are you planning to have sex with her already?” Cas asked.
Athena introduces them to one of the owners who will also hold the wine tasting later and they take a small tour around the property. Cas understands a few things of what is being said but luckily Athena translates what they’re being told about the grapevines they cultivate here and the quality of the latest harvest. He glances towards Dean for a moment only to catch him playing with his phone.
His parents welcomed Dean warmly when they had entered the house. Michael did, too, but Dean acted very defensively towards him—probably because Michael had ‘stolen’ Cas’s girlfriend, like Dean used to call it, though Cas had already made his peace with him and Meg being together. Cas appreciated his friend’s moral support, but in this case it really wasn’t necessary.
“I really don’t know what to make of this,” Mrs. Novak said rather absently and left the room. Cas was about to follow her but his father held him back. “Give her some time; she needs to process. You have to admit it’s a long shot from being on the way to becoming a priest to suddenly bringing a boyfriend home.”
“Sounds perfect. Listen, I gotta go now but I’ll have my phone with me all day. Call me anytime.”
"You're being left to yourselves for five minutes and immediately die." Cas shakes his head. He looks pissed. "That's not what we've been fighting for. You're supposed to cherish this life you were finally given."
“Can’t let him sleep on the sofa unless you’d like to explain to him why we don’t share a bed.”
for this fic.
“Can’t we even share a bed
No thanks.”
“Concerning what matter?” Cas asks, tense.
“It’s good to hear that, Dean, because I want to take a tango class and I need a partner,” Jody informs him.
Dean is sitting by himself, watching the happy couple dance. It’s gotten late but Benny and Andrea, husband and wife, appear to have forgotten that time exists at all. This has been a long day already. Many words have been spoken, tears of joy have been shed and Dean has finally found a minute to not do anything. The past days have been exhausting, with helping his friends setting everything up for their big day and giving a really nervous Benny a last pep talk before dragging him outside to greet the arriving guests. Everything after that went as smoothly as planned and his best friend, business partner and favorite drinking buddy is now a respectable man.
“Mhm, if you say so… Anyway, Dean, huh?” she says with a smirk. “You like him?”
“You can be honest with me,” Dean says.
Dean looks down at his feet upon those words but can’t hold back a big grin.
Dean almost loses his balance when Cas darts forward and crashes into him. Cas touches him wherever his fingers make their way on his unclothed skin as they kiss and Dean tears at Castiel’s jacket until it comes off, followed by the tie.
“Lunchtime was a few hours ago. You can surely eat again.”
“Yeah, you too,” Cas replied cautiously.
“No, it’s still too early to tell,” Andrea said.
They reach Dean’s Impala first. “I had a really good time, Dean. Thank you,” Cas says, his voice low.
“And you’re hot, which definitely helps,” Charlie added with a smile.
Instead, Dean retrieves a bottle from his nightstand drawer and squirts some lube on his hand. “We can do this,” he says and begins to move his hand smoothly along both their erections.
“No?”
“‘Cause your style is a little, um, let’s say, lacks variation.”
“Of course I’m going. It’s my brother’s wedding!” he uttered, as if attending an ex’s wedding was the most natural thing in the world.
“Hey, boys.”
He snickers and to Castiel’s surprise, he slides into the saddle with ease. So he wasn’t just bragging.
“No,” Dean said abruptly and Cas fingertips touched his temple, his cheek.
Amelia looks at Claire, waiting for her to continue. Instead Claire glances over at Cas, seeking help. Cas nods slightly to encourage her.
Sam pulls out his phone but frowns instantly.
Cas isn’t sure if it’s a good idea to buy it now. He would have to carry it around all the time but he doesn’t know if he’ll get the chance again for shopping in Montevideo after his trip.
“What about your parents?” Cas asks instead.
“Are you guys getting along?” asked Meg who had walked up to them.
“But I have questions…so many questions, Cas. You can never be with someone, romantically or intimately, you can’t decide about your own life, you’ll never have a family of your own. Being a priest means having a lot of restrictions.”
“Still not sure. We’ll see.”
Eventually, Cas moves again and pulls down Dean’s boxers. “I need you to lift up that beautiful ass of yours a bit,” he says, taking his hips to get him into the position he needs him to be. Then he leans over to grab the lube from Dean’s nightstand.
“Hey,” Dean said.
First, though, he talked to his brother who he could actually get hold of. They had been spending the year at the same school after all and as far as Cas knew, Michael had given her a lift back to Indianapolis after the semester had ended.
“Okay, well, I’m starving,” Dean says and gets up from the sofa, bones creaking.
He’s coming closer into his space and all Dean can do is look at him in horror.
Suddenly he heard footsteps coming up behind him and before he realized it, Cas had grabbed him by his shoulders, spun him around and forced his mouth onto his.
Cas felt bad for listening in but even if he went to his own room, he would still hear them and he didn’t want to go anywhere else. If Aaron was actually going to break up with Dean over this, he would need Cas to comfort him afterwards.
“Dean, it’s not like that. I just thought it wouldn’t be a good idea to tell you before you’d gotten over this and reconciled with Cas,” Jody says.
After taking two or three, Cas says, “You should be in one, too.”
“Dean,” Cas says, breaking the kiss. “The couch would probably be more comfortable for this.”
“No, that’s what they call themselves. You know, they’re kinda New Age-y, with the crystals and the candles and all… I’ve never really given it much thought but maybe they’re legit.”
“Come on, Winchester,” she says, “let’s go.”
“That’s only a sip,” Cas explained.
“Of course I am.”
“Cas?” Dean reminds him of his question.
Dean places the planchette in the middle of the board. “That was the plan.”
“No, she’s not. I’ve got other friends too, you know.”
“Meg, you—”
“Famous Americans.”
“You sure you can zap all four of us at once, kid?” Dean asks Jack. He has already ensured them he can do it but Dean is still a bit wary when it comes to angelic transportation. But he’ll accept a little constipation if he can go to Hawaii without spending a few hours in a flying death machine from hell.
Meg was rummaging in her purse and eventually retrieved her wallet. “Here,” she said, handing him few dollar bills.
“I want to make this good for you,” he says, his free hand caressing the back of Dean’s neck.
Dean takes the coffee from her and sighs.
“There’s nobody waiting for me back in Poland. My whole life is here.”
“What?”
“We could still meet in the middle.”
Still, Castiel pulls the blanket over his head, curled up on the bed, waiting for it to get light outside.
When Cas returned, still pretty shaken by the clergyman’s passing, Dean suggested they’d just spend some time during the summer together. Most of them lived in Kansas anyway and Cas could easily fly over to Kansas City where Dean would drive to pick him up.
Dean’s face brightened. “Cool,” he said, trying to be casual about the suggestion.
They talked a bit more about Dean’s mechanical knowledge and his work at Uncle Bobby’s before their food arrived. After dinner Gunnar told him that he was only in town for his cousin’s bachelor party which he planned to swing by later. It wasn’t really his favorite cousin so he didn’t particularly care about missing out on him and his friends going to a strip club and getting wasted.
“It’s perfect, Dean,” Cas says and cuddles even closer up to him.
“I’d like to announce something,” she starts. “I’ve also opened a bottle of Tannat Charlie was so kind to provide me with for the occasion.”
“Woah, you really want to have sex here, in the house of your good Christian parents?”
Dean decided to start this vacation off as relaxed as possible, considering the circumstances.
“That’s…that’s very…thank you, Donna. This talk actually really helped.”
It was nice, really. Dean appreciates the gesture, although he doesn’t actually want nor need his charity. He often has a hard time accepting things he’s being offered.
“Oh, that was close. I’m sorry,” he said before he realized who the person was.
“I’ll do it,” Dean says. He’s always calling dibs on doing the most dangerous stuff. Of course—he’s the older brother.
He had intended to ask Dean what he had planned for spring break but was too afraid to ask, wherefore, the next day he had told Rachel he would accompany them to Virginia.
What if Sammy—or worse: Cas—find out about his secret if it actually turns out to be Cas?
“No, the contest isn’t reduced to political or historical figures. Last year, for instance, the winner was a very convincing Beyoncé, dressed in her
“Yes, it’s just… I never actually got closure on this. I thought, maybe if I talked to him one last time, I can finally move on. I mean,
It’s still dark. The early morning air is fresh, the airflow tingling his face. They reach Cas’s house first. Dean’s is two blocks over. The house sits quiet, all lights off. A good sign that nobody has noticed his absence yet.
“Well, what’re waiting for? Tell us everything. When, how and, most importantly, who?” Balthazar presses, leaning his elbows on the table to get closer.
“What, why?”
“What!”
Cas knew it was wrong to think this way but Dean’s embrace made it impossible for him to feel bad about it.
Dean gets a brush from the trunk for Cas and an ice scraper for himself.
“Thanks, mom. But there’s one more thing I’d like you to know,” Cas said.
he asks the woman behind the counter.
There’s barking out in the hallway. A golden retriever comes rushing in before a tall guy with long hair walks into the room, followed by Mary who looks tiny next to him. Cas recognizes him from pictures Hannah has shown him from parties or nights out, along with Max and Alicia but he and Sam have never really encountered each other.
“You want it, you get it,” Dean says and shrugs his shoulders.
“You remember everything?” Cas asks after they’ve gotten in the right position.
“You didn’t have to do anything, Dean,” Cas tells him. “Thank you anyway.”
“You did good today, man,” Sam says and rubs his brothers shoulder.
“No, but I still thought we could get out of staying here,” Dean replied honestly. “Anyway, it was you who started this. I think I’m rubbing off on you.”
He moved out of bed and put on a fresh pair of underwear from his bag and a T-shirt.
“Cas, listen. I know what you’re going through. I mean, I’ve never actually been married and the child was not exactly mine but I loved him like he was. You can come over if you wanna talk.”
“What do you usually eat? Fish?” he asks after the waitress has left.
He stayed in bed a little longer. It was silent in Cas’s room, so he was probably still asleep anyway. He replayed the previous night in his head. Cas had kissed him first—his mind didn’t deceive him in that, Dean was absolutely sure. It had also been Cas who’d started the touching, the undressing, he’d wanted it as much as Dean.
“If it’s a boy we can play basketball in the yard.”
“And you’re cosplaying
In response, he pulls Sam into a bone-crushing hug. “You’ve got no idea how happy it makes me to hear you say that. Now we can finally be a family. All of us, I mean.” If his eyes are a little wet, it’s only because the sun is already going down and blinding him where it shines through the treetops.
“She has black fur and the way she looks sometimes is really creepy, like she’s actually come straight from the underworld and wants to take you with her,” Tessa told him and laughed. “You know, when you’re a nurse and work at place where people die every day, your kind of humor becomes a bit macabre, I guess,” she said, still cackling slightly.
“I thought you had gotten over him,” she said.
“I can still come with you, if you want,” Dean said after a while. “Moral support, you know. I promise I’ll keep my fingers to myself as long as your people are around.”
“Sure,” Cas and he can’t help but smile at Dean.
“Sure,” he says and swallows the rest of his drink. Then he gets up. “It was nice meeting you, Jody. I’ll return to my cabin now. Have a good night.”
Naturally, he neglected his weekly routine and three weeks passed before he got to go to the cemetery again. He had considered asking Lisa if she wanted to come along but came to the conclusion that it was still too early to introduce her to his dead parents.
Claire groans again and opens the car door. “You’re the worst.”
“Cas, listen, I’m sorry I—”
He pulls at Dean’s shoulder and turns him onto his back again.
“I’d rather not say anything to my disadvantage, something that could betray my current appearance. It was safer to be still.”
Dean’s eyes meet his again. “Baby, all I want for Christmas is you,” he sings, his gaze unwavering and Cas’s heart drops into his stomach. For a second, it felt like Dean intentionally directed the words at him but he soon enough realizes it’s all just for fun and the lyrics in no way reflect Dean’s true feelings for him. Dean might have just put on a show. He doesn’t really mean it. He goes again, “All I want for Christmas…is you,” his free hand reaching out in Cas’s direction. Gabe elbows him and laughs. Cas has a lump in his throat. To Dean, this is all a game. He doesn’t have a clue how much turmoil such a gesture stirs inside Cas.
“Yes,” Sam confirms. “Her name’s Eileen.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, his smile faltering a little, but only slightly so Cas wasn’t sure if he might have been imagining it, “I’ve heard about that too. What was her name again?”
Dean followed her with his eyes until she had disappeared through the door. “So, roommates, huh?” he said then, facing Cas again.
“I was so excited to finally meet you,” she told him. “Dean is talking about you all the time.”
“Well, if the bishop thinks I’m ready, I’ll take my orders and then I’ll get assigned to a place to minister at.”
“You’re too far away,” Dean says. “Get over here.”
“Whatever,” Meg says and shifts in her seat so that one of her legs is now dangling over the armrest, the one closest to Cas and she could easily kick him in the shoulder if she wanted to. He takes a precautionary slide to the far end of his own chair. Then he catches Dean’s eye. He’s grinning and Cas doesn’t understand what’s so funny. Dean has been joking about Meg being totally into him because of the way she acts like the complete opposite and Cas argued that the only kind of feeling Meg not so secretly harbors for him is pure hatred. He doesn’t even know why Meg despises him—they’ve never talked and Cas can’t have possibly done anything to upset her. On the other hand, Meg appears to loathe everyone. So why is she here?
“Well, uh… Better.”
Dean has barely sat down when Cas hands him a notepad and a pen.
doing here?” Dean says.
Dean pulled himself up and tried to stand. Maybe this would help.
“Don’t tell me it’s not big. You know it is.”
he moans, “I need to…I need to speed this up a bit.”
He let go of the tendrils after a minute and continued his way back to his car.
“Dean, I never thought…”
He kept it there, stiffly, but Mandy prompted him to put firm pressure on her breast and massage it. Despite his reluctance, he did the best he could.
Anyway, enough of the joking. I had been fortunate enough to witness the very beginning of Charlie and Dorothy’s relationship and it was very clear from early on that the two of you were meant to be. Honestly, I’ve always admired what you are having with each other and I’d be a very lucky man to get where you are today with someone. Charlie, Dorothy, I love you guys so much. Thank you for allowing me to be here with you on this special day! To the brides,” he said, holding his glass up in the air. Both brides rose from their seats and hugged him and when his eyes skimmed over the crowd he noticed with satisfaction that his words had actually moved some people to tears. Finally, he could tick off this part of the evening.
He takes a deep breath, holds it—because human beings can’t breathe under water—and lets his head sink beneath the surface. His eyes are wide open. He’s looking towards what seems like another world beyond the water. It’s funny how his current view reminds him a little of how it had looked inside Kaia’s head. He’s able to discern there’s something out there but can’t quite grasp it. He’ll have to break through the barrier again to truly see what’s out there. But, in this case, he already knows. Because this is home, where his mother used to live, where his family is.
“You can try, if you want,” he says to Dean, joining him by the table from where he’s been keeping his distance.
“The florist delivered it to the front desk,” Dean said. “Do you want me to get it for you?”
“I’ll go,” Dean said.
said a small voice in his head. Cold sweat was covering his palms as he hurried out of the room. He was a pervert who didn’t respect his best friend’s privacy. The best friend he ever had, whom he loved with all his heart. He was sick.
“Yeah, he’s always been very supportive. I owe him a lot.” Again, he watched Dean from afar, now talking to his mother and he ached to let his family know how much Dean actually meant to him. He had just restored the peace between him and Michael and telling the truth was risky but Dean deserved this. His family deserved this.
“That won’t be necessary.”
“We can make it out through the woods,” he says. “There’s an old footbridge. We cross the river. You can hide there when you turn. I’ll make my way back into town by myself and get help.”
“Good,” Charlie says. “Cas, are you okay with you and Meg investigating the basement?”
He was horny; he hadn’t had sex with a girl since Lisa. He hadn’t had sex in general since Gunnar. Now he was thinking of Gunnar’s dick.
Benny shakes his head, brows furrowed. “Dean,” he says and drops a big hand on his shoulder, “you’re my best friend and I love you. You’re happy, I’m happy. That’s how friendships work.”
Dean shushes him. “Go back to the bedroom,” he whispers. “Go!” Cas looks confused but does what he’s told anyway.
“Is everything alright with him?” Cas asks Benny. “He seemed, I don’t know, anxious?”
“No, Dean, I can’t—”
She rubs some foam on her arm, then the other, hoping it will make the scent of the bubble bath last longer on her skin. Actually, as a hunter, emanating a too noticeable smell can be disastrous. A neutral soap and shampoo is usually the best choice but Mary’s decided to take some time off. It sounds egoistic, sure, but the monsters can wait. Let someone else handle it. She wouldn’t say this out loud around her sons, especially Dean can be very judgmental when it comes to fulfilling one’s duty, but she has every right to it. She’s just returned from a supernatural warzone where she was being tortured for months. Before that she was burned alive next to her baby. If anyone is entitled to some downtime, she is.
“He told me his name.”
“No…well, that too, but also… I don’t even know how to begin,” Cas said and leaned back against the wooden bench they were sitting on. “I have doubts. A lot of them. And I know this happens to everyone in our situation sooner or later, but I feel like they won’t ever go away now that I’m having them.”
“But—”
“To answer your question, yes. Dean’s father was like him in this regard. He was the one who got him into all this stuff.”
“Yes,” Cas says. He doesn’t even dare to hope. His nerves are hanging on a very thin thread.
“Like I said, it doesn’t matter. You’re becoming a priest and will live with other priests, I guess. How does this even work?”
“Weren’t you afraid he’d punch you if you made a serious move on him? I mean, you said he was being a dick towards you.”
“That’s me, yes,” she says, smiling.
“Ew, Dean, stop it,” Sam whines, putting fingers in his ears.
Sam tries once more and then they move on to the next part.
“Are you sure you couldn’t have imagined it?” he asks. They haven’t let go of each other’s hands.
“No, Dean,” he interrupted. “I get it. But, just to get this clear, I’m not an actual priest yet. No-one’s supposed to call me ‘Father.’”
“Cas,” Dean says, surprised by how embarrassingly weak he sounds, needy, but he manages to compose himself, and resumes, “would you like to… would you mind, uh, can I touch you?” and Cas responds with an enthusiastic nod and a whine and, carefully, Dean pushes a hand past the waistband of Dean’s shorts only to notice that Cas is going commando. But how can he be blamed? It’s not like anyone’s thought of getting the angel some underwear. At the realization that Cas has been bare underneath his shorts all along, a spark of arousal makes his dick twitch in excitement. His fingers wrap around Cas’s shaft, causing him to let out a lengthy breath and Dean moves his hand to lightly squeeze the tip so he can hear him emit a sound like this again. However, this only seems to make Cas impatient, so he shoves Dean’s boxers down to his thighs instead, Dean raising his hips just enough for him to succeed and then he does the same with Cas’s shorts. He can’t help but glance down at where their mid-sections are connected as he takes them both in hand, until Cas grabs his ass and pushes them close, capturing Dean’s lips with his again, tongue slipping through, although they eventually end up just sighing into each other’s mouths anyway as Dean’s eager hand works them towards climax.
“Dean, at least think about!” Cas calls after him but Dean closes the door behind him without an answer and Cas finds it’s better to forget about his fraudulent husband’s mood swings for now and get back to work.
“I can’t do it like this, Charlie, but I think you’re right. I’ll talk to Father Jim. He should know. Let’s see how the family meeting works out. My brother hasn’t wanted to talk to me yet, so I probably shouldn’t drive him away by telling him I’ve turned gay since we’ve last seen each other.”
“I mean it, Dean. Thank you so much for your support, for everything.” Cas is looking him deep in the eye and Dean is at loss for a reply. He wishes he could just kiss Cas, right here, that’d be more than words could ever say.
Dean’s right hand is lazily stroking Cas’s chest, the left resting on his shoulder. He is unusually quiet. Cas lifts his left hand out of the water and places it on Dean’s who immediately laces their fingers together. Then he lightly kisses Cas’s neck. “I love you,” he whispers into the hair on the back of his head, evoking a gentle smile on the angel’s face.
“Yes, that’s Cas,” Dean confirmed proudly and rubbed his boyfriend’s back.
That was a really good question. He had spent so much time getting through to Dean that he had forgotten to prepare a good explanation for his call. “Uh, well. I’m in town, actually.”
Sure, he could do this as long as it takes to tear down the barriers but it could take decades. He doesn’t have the time and he ought to save his strength for whatever Asmodeus has planned for him. If he weren’t of any use to him, he would already be dead.
“Please, don’t be. It’s my own fault. Still, you protected me and I’m really grateful for that.”
Cas reaches out and strokes his palm over Dean’s cheek. “I’m proud of you. You’ve come a long way since you’ve lived here.”
The familiar sight of Castiel’s trench coat comes into view and the angel closes the door behind him.
“And Aaron was only a rebound.”
“When I think of my favorite aspect of what humanity is like,” Cas says, “this is it. Lying here with you, feeling you against me. As if there’s not a single sorrow in the world.”
“I love you too, Dean. I think it was fun, you know.”
It was right to go to bed early. The still had a long drive ahead of them tomorrow, so Cas and Dean turned in as well, telling each other fantasies of how they would be as parents before falling asleep.
“Sounds good. When?”
Cas is sitting by the fire. He must have been the one who kept it alive.
Smooth hands wrapped around his waist as Dean was putting his cup in the sink after finishing his third coffee. He turned around and brought their lips together.
“Cas, are you okay?” Meg asked with honest concern in her voice.
“So, Dean,” Gunnar started. “What do you do besides fixing cars?”
Cas’s face brightened up. “I’m glad to hear you say that. I know it’ll be hard but we’re getting through this. And we still have most of our senior year left before anything of that happens.”
“Sounds like a fairy tale,” Balthazar says, dreamy.
“Man, what you’re waiting for?” Sam says, a hand on his shoulder. “You need to open it!”
Dean shrugs. “Sure,” he says, “friends with benefits—but not the fun kind.” He laughs as they shake hands, which is weird enough considering they’re in bed with each other pretending there’s nothing unusual about this arrangement, and Cas lets out a grunt in response to Dean’s unnecessary comment.
“Dean!” he said as he entered the room. His friend was sitting on his bed, face hidden behind his hands. He looked up when he heard Cas. His eyes were red, though he didn’t appear to be crying.
“Hey, so, I was just sorting clothes into season appropriacy—things for spring and summer go on this pile, those for fall and winter on this one,” she explained. “Tell me a bit about yourself while we do this.”
This trip was kind of a last minute thing for Cas. He found some really great offer online and decided to go for it. He needed this. He deserves this after everything that’s happened with the job he didn’t get because of Dean Winchester. And now he’s here. He did certainly not deserve
“Yes, please.”
It’s his way to say
Dean reckons continuing their tour on foot will give Cas a better impression of his town than driving around in the Impala. And Cas probably wants to use his legs as long as he has them.
Cas turns to look at him. He nods, acknowledging. After a minute, he says, “Why did you scream?”
“We’ll be fine,” Cas said and turned his attention towards Jack when Kelly had left.
“Sure,” she says. “This has absolutely nothing to do with the hot guy over there.”
“Yeah, I will. Don’t worry about me. It’s your day and you should be happy and not have to deal with my emotional baggage.”
“So, uh, Cas, where’re you from?”
In the end Dean was a bit early but he couldn’t have waited any longer. He missed his friend, okay?
“Your—?” he started.
“How long until it starts?” he asks.
Dean let’s out an amused breath through his nose. “Welcome to the perks of being human,” he says. “I’m too, actually. Let’s go home.”
(without Charlie, so don’t tell her!).
Gilda’s laugh echoed from the kitchen. “How’s your girlfriend?” Dean asked.
The room becomes bright again as abruptly as it has gone dark and Castiel realizes there’s no-one there. Then, with a bang, the Jefferson Airplane song is playing on maximum volume, the suddenness of which basically throwing Cas off his feet.
“What the—”
“I guess we’re just friends, yes. I mean, we haven’t talked about anything and I don’t have the impression Dean would even want to pursue a relationship with me and I spent years being certain I would never have that and this made me sad sometimes because I saw all these people having a partner and kids and—”
“You’re good with kids,” Kelly said and yanked Cas out of his thoughtfulness.
“I’m happy for you,” Dean says then. “I wish you that the new job treats you better.”
“It’s our best shot,” Sam says.
“Yeah, uh, of course, a real sea dog.”
“Good night, Dean. Sleep tight.”
“Yes,” Dean says.
“I know I’m lucky to have your son’s support allowing me to work without payment,” he said, calming Dean by putting a hand on his shoulder. “I’m glad I got a chance to continue the work that made me chose a church career and it might sound strange to you that someone likes to do a job for free for people they don’t even know, but I am more than thankful for getting to help them. Their joy is my reward.”
“Of course. What is it?”
Sam has already gotten up from his desk and left the booth, coming around to meet them. “Who is your friend?” he says.
“I’m here now, aren’t I? What are you waiting for? Go ahead,” Dean told him.
“Yes, I am doing that,” Cas insisted.
“Cas, you know me. I’m single, you’re single and whatever you’d like to happen, I’m on board with it. We know each other well and why shouldn’t we have a little bit of fun while I’m here? Unless you want to save yourself for
Dean gave Cas a look before saying, “We were already in the area when we received the call from the Bureau. So, Sheriff—”
“You are?”
“Castiel Novak, yes, you’re on my list. I’m Athena Lopez and I will be your guide for the next few days,” she says and shakes his hand.
“Cas, I didn’t mean to invite myself to dinner,” Dean says but Cas tells him not to be ridiculous and just help himself.
a surprise,” Cas said, trying not to look back at what was happening only a few feet away.
“Yes,” Cas breathes, “and he tried so hard not to.”
“Me neither,” Dean says, “but we got to get you up to the house somehow.” Finally, he gets the merman out of the car and in the wheelbarrow. He pushes him up the pathway and when he’s halfway there, the door opens, Sam peeking out.
“My love for Dean is definitely not a joke.”
After dessert Michael said he’d like to announce something. Cas looked up from his uneaten piece of pie. “We wanted to wait until Cas was back home before we told anyone,” he said with a growing grin on his face. He made a theatrical pause, then he continued, “Meg and I are engaged.”
“Do you want me to teach you?”
“No, it’s totally…I’m completely on board,” Dean assured him. “It’s just…have you thought about who should fuck who?”
“Dean,” Cas says after a while, “is everything alright? You seem to be distressed.”
“We could have a shuffleboard competition,” he suggests.
“I’ll show you your room,” Cas says then and follows him, grabbing his bag on the way.
“Hey, uh, Mandy, where’s Cas?” he asked when she turned around.
“Then why were you wearing the collar when you’re not even a real clergyman yet. Are you still, like, a student?”
Cas lets go, clenching his hand into a fist as if to pretend Dean’s touch still lasts.
Cas hesitates but a slight nod from Dean encourages him to go with it. Gently, Missouri examines both sides of his hand, running a finger along the lines on his palm. His hand looks so big in hers.
He spent the next day in bed as well and cried some more but he decided sulking wouldn’t help. Cas and he talked often on the phone or via Skype during the course of the following weeks. When the time came for Cas to enroll at the seminary, the frequency of their conversations decreased remarkably. They had promised each other to stay friends despite all the odds and not to let Cas’s career choice get in the way too much. However, of course, things turned out differently. The intervals between their calls and texts became longer and longer until they had reached a state where they nothing more but co-existed on Facebook, both hardly ever updating their profile.
Cas furrowed his eyebrows. “What exactly are you referring to?”
“Is she also seeing it this way?”
Dean can’t help but squeeze Castiel’s arm in relief. He lets out a breath. “I can never get enough of experiences like these. Cas, have you ever seen something like this?”
“I meant what’s really going on? And you can’t have any part of the ship unless Captain Hanscum says so,” Charlie tells them.
“Be honest, what did you do?”
“Dean, tell him what you meant to ask him,” Charlie said.
Later they walked back to the lake and Charlie and Dean stayed behind while Dorothy and Cas got them a boat at the rental service.
They talked about Sam’s internship at a law firm for a while and that he hoped to get a regular job there afterwards. John dropped occasional hints about possible plans to propose to Jessica but Sam stated he wanted to get settled in his job first before even thinking about getting married.
“Get off of my bridge, right now!”
“Sometimes,” Cas said. “There was this overall homesickness when I first got here and I couldn’t really tell who exactly I was missing the most. But I have my studies to attend to which makes it easier.”
Well, that was easy. However, the tricky part is yet to come.
“No, I’m allergic. But I like Quentin nevertheless.”
“Do you still go to church at all?” she asked.
“She said it was nice of me to ask but that she’s not interested.”
He was still in an elated mood when he reached his car and the feeling continued throughout the rest of the day.
“Quentin?”
“Why?” Meg says. “What were you doing?”
Cas only frowned at him and Dean sighed. “Whatever you’ll make for dinner will be fine,” he said eventually.
“Ugh, no dancing, please,” Dean grumbles. He should have asked what it was before consenting. “I don’t even know how to dance tango.”
“Enough, Mick. Can we please watch the show now?”
“Nothing,” Dean says, “your day must’ve been as great as mine.”
“When did you find it then?”
Dean’s forehead is resting against Cas’s while the angel prepares him and he is able to breathe in his scent with every inhale.
“So what’s the plan?” he asks.
Dean’s palms are sweaty. He’s fidgeting with the ring on his left hand under the table. “I haven’t told them,” he says. “Because my dad would kick my ass if he knew that I got married to a guy. We’re not very close.”
He dropped his towel to the ground. “One, two, three—”
“You want me to meet your brother?” Cas says and Dean holds the door for him.
He didn’t kiss back. Of course, he didn’t kiss back. Because he doesn’t love him. Not like this.
“I mean you’ll be staying at my house,” Dean clarified.
In the far right corner of the closet he finds something else—a diary, if you could call it that. It started out rather as a scrapbook when he was a child. He takes it out, sits down on the carpet next to the bed and opens it. It’s full of magazine cutouts. Cars he liked, national monuments he wanted to visit during road trips when he was old enough to drive, his favorite wrestlers, advertisements for new movies. He turns another page and there is a photograph of him, Sammy, and both their parents, the whole family together on the beach. He doesn’t remember where this was taken but he must have been about eight, Sammy four.
“When did you change your mind?” Cas asks while neatly putting one of Dean’s plaid shirts on a hanger.
Actually, Cas would be having a seminar today when Dean’s lecture had already ended. He considered telling Aaron. But they would have to make it quick; there was only a thirty minutes time slot. Dean took a deep breath. “Okay. You can come over later at three. He won’t be home then for at least half an hour.”
“Hey, Cas,” he says after taking a swig from his bottle. “Can’t you just smite Lucy or something?”
“What? The Oxford guys?”
Cas had begun to work as an altar server during Father Theodore’s services, too. The priest had been really helpful since he had learned that Cas wanted to join the clergy and taught him things that would be useful during his time at the seminary. He had also agreed to advocate and pull some strings for Cas which was somehow surprising, considering that he had been the one to hear his confession after the night of the party. Cas hadn’t exactly used the words ‘and then we got each other off’ but the priest certainly understood what they had engaged in. It bugged him, so he decided to confront Father Theodore about this.
“Alright, I got it,” she hisses and gives him the cold shoulder for the remainder of the evening.
“Oh, hey Cas!” Dean replies and his face lights up when he notices him.
“I’ll question Olivia in Lindstrom. The dead guy also lived there. You and Cas stay in town and go take a look at her friend’s bodies. The girl who survived also lives here. You pay her a visit. Then you can eat.”
“As long as you kids keep it down and don’t disturb the guests,” Rufus drawls and pointedly flips a page in his magazine.
“I missed you, too, Dean.” There’s a huge grin on his face.
Today, Sam didn’t bring a book with him. He feels like rather keeping his eyes closed instead and listening to his surroundings while occupying the bunker’s sole bathtub. But the thing is, without any means of distraction he’s easy prey for dark thoughts to catch up with him. Those tend to do this from time to time. All the time. Any time he’s got nothing else to do to keep his mind busy with. Mostly, he has, thank God. Or not. They strike when he can’t keep his eyes open any longer and he settles in his bed for the night or whenever the job allows him to get some sleep. And that’s when they find him, when he’s most vulnerable. Because he ought to lie still and let his consciousness drift away. Often he finds himself in this position, unmoving, on his stomach as he prefers to sleep, but he’s wide awake. Exhausted, but awake. And then the thoughts come, the memories, everything, collapsing down on him and crushing him under their weight. It gets hard for him to breathe so he turns around on his back but it doesn’t help. He sits up in his bed, basically swallows the cool air that enters his room through the Men of Letters’ elaborate venting system, is hungry for it. And it helps, a little bit at least. He heads for the kitchen to get a glass of water. Sometimes he’ll pass Cas sitting in the library, who’ll take note of him with a pitiful look on his face. The water helps, too. The cold fluid running down his throat reminds him that this is real, that this is where he is now and everything is in the past, in his head only.
“That’s cheating!” Dean protested but the girls went underwater and couldn’t hear him. “Cas, what the fuck?”
This was going to be a long day and he didn’t even know yet where he would find himself when it was time to go to bed tonight.
“To be honest, I freaked out a little when she first told me,” Benny said.
“You’re crying,” said Dean who was sobbing as well and Cas huffed a shaky laugh at that. “Ah, that’s enough now,” he said, letting go of Cas and wiping away his tears. “Let’s just be happy again. Tell me about your Christmas break,” Dean said and urged Cas to sit with him. They talked for two hours straight and soon it was almost like nothing had ever happened. And, Dean guessed, officially that was it: nothing ever happened. End of story. They only had had to overcome a phase were both of them were acting stupid and didn’t talk to one another—something every friendship had to undergo sooner or later.
“It’s Sam. Are you driving?” he asked.
“And where is that?” Cas asks.
“He’s an ass,” Dean says.
“I’ve already found some really nice stuff here. Who cares if it says
Cas doesn’t make a move. “Couldn’t sleep any longer,” he says.
“I was thinking about how I could have handled the situation with Tanya better,” Cas says. He’s taking towards the fire, not Dean.
“I see,” Castiel says, looking down at his lap.
“Cas?” Dean asked with serious concern. He might have overstepped some boundaries with this sort of question. “You don’t have to tell me,” he said and put a hand on Cas’s shoulder.
And he doesn’t. Not really. He knows the Winchesters and Jack mourned him, like they mourned their mother, maybe Crowley, and like the kid mourned his mom. They had time to grief, get over their losses and move on. Maybe there’s a little hope in them to save Mary from the parallel universe. Lucifer said she’s alive, though her sons don’t know this.
“We’re not friends!” they say in unison.
Cas rolls his eyes. “I know you’re playing your music when I’m gone and feel free to do so. You’re not my prisoner. What I meant was, do you go out from time to time, meet people, maybe try to get a job?”
“I borrowed it,” Dean says.
A minute later he returns, excited. “Look what I’ve got.”
“I thought she was having a crush on me,” Cas admitted finally.
Cas takes a seat on Dean’s lounger, behind him, and gets to applying sunscreen again. The first time he did this, Dean had flinched at his touch but now he’s actually leaning into it a little bit which makes Cas become more daring and apply more pressure as he massages the cream into his skin. Dean’s throwing his head back, just slightly though, and Cas doesn’t think he’s even aware of doing so. Cas presses his thumbs into his flesh, upwards along his spine, spreading the sunscreen with his palms over Dean’s freckly shoulders, down his arms, leading Dean to abruptly extract himself from Cas’s touch.
Apparently, there’s an exception for when and how one is allowed to do things with this instrument other than play it but Dean doesn’t mind to be taught the rules.
“Great. I’ll bring the lube,” Aaron said and gave him a kiss before they had to go to their respective classes.
The conversation is about to die down but Cas nudges Amelia’s foot under the table, indicating her to continue.
He takes a deep breath. No, he won’t let himself be dragged into the mud by this guy. He’s above this petty feud. He’s a mature person. There’ll be another chance for him to prove himself to his bosses. Anyway, Dean Winchester is dead to him.
The first week in his new home is over and Cas is relieved to have the weekend off. He’s planned to take some me-time since he hasn’t been able to properly do that in ages. It’s something he would have needed ever since the divorce was inevitably going to happen and he moved in with Gabriel. Living with his brother, however, was the exact opposite of unwinding from all that comes with ending a marriage.
They stayed like this, hugging, for some time, several people tripping over Cas’s backpack, both boys unaffected by their curses.
“It’s not that simple, Dean. You can’t just go back after becoming ordained; this is final. However, I’ll be seeking for laicization.”
“Yeah, you’re a good boy, aren’t you? Yes, you are,” he cooed and walked slowly back and forth in the small room while he kept gently rocking the baby in his arms.
“School teaches people things,” Cas says, “although I wasn’t aware that humans dedicate entire buildings to it.” There is an expression of slight confusion on his face.
Apparently the girls had lost their interest in Cas telling them what character he’d like to have sex with. He didn’t want to have sex with any of them. They were fictional. And most of them had unhealthy skin tones. Coming to that conclusion he guessed he’d also pick Star-Lord. He didn’t say it out loud, though.
“Can’t you get it up?” she said in an accusatory tone.
“You had an abandoned wasp’s nest behind your inner linings, you knew that?”
“Sure, Cas. We’re watching
“Something like that, yes.”
“It’s okay,” Dean says with a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, pulling him back, “we’ll go fast.”
“Yeah?”
Dean lets out a sharp breath through his nose and closes the door again.
Lucifer’s fits, however, haven’t even been the worst part of his imprisonment. He’s on his own in the dungeon that used to belong to Crowley anyway now that Lucifer has been taken by Asmodeus’ minions. To torture him, Cas assumes. Because he can. And possibly because Asmodeus sees him as a means to channel Jack. Cas, though, is confident this plan won’t work because Jack doesn’t want to be found. And definitely not by the Devil himself. If so, they would’ve been reunited by now and the world would be a different place. But not a better one.
Cas hesitates for a second, looking at him wide-eyed, but then he quickly slips out of his plaid and pulls the T-shirt over his head. Dean chokes a little when he sees him. His brain functions have slowed down and a moment passes before Dean buries his face in Cas’s neck, trailing kisses down along his collarbone all the while his hands try to touch as much as possible, exploring the feel of Cas’s bare sides, his pecs.
“Fuck it,” he mumbles under his breath.
“Dean, where’s the lube?” he murmured into Dean’s ear, his voice so deep it rumbled through Dean’s entire body, all the way down to the tips of his toes.
“Dean, are you asking me how I define my sexuality?”
This is a first for him. One of many. Jack’s never taken a bath before. Showered he has, yes. Not because he actually needs to. He does it because it’s such a very human thing to do. Sam and Dean do it, a daily ritual. When he was still new to this world, newer than he is now, he copied them in doing this because he’d soon grasped that getting yourself clean makes you a little bit more human, even if you aren’t really. This is also why he changes and washes his clothes. He needn’t do it. He could wear the same things day in, day out, like Castiel. For his surrogate father his suit and trench coat have become more of a uniform, he supposes. In the constant uncertainty they live in his ensemble is one of the few steady factors, something he can always rely on. And he, Jack, can rely on Castiel.
Father Jim was watering flowers in the church yard when they arrived. “Castiel, you’re here! How nice to see that face of yours again,” the priest said, put down the watering can and pulled him into a welcoming embrace.
“So you do like him,” his father observed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stretches his neck, gripping the back of the seat in front of him.
“I am very old, yes,” Cas says, oblivious to Dean’s embarrassment. “Humans have a much shorter lifespan.”
“Relax, Cas. Don’t be afraid,” Dean says and reaches over to take Cas’s reins. “I’ll ride with you for a while,” he says and then both their horses start moving parallel to each other.
Turns out he isn’t as good at this as he’d thought and the
Cas frowns but Dean doesn’t let him off the hook.
“And I really did my best to continue as it was during high school. I prayed, Castiel, that we would get through this.”
“Dean, what do you see? Where is she?” Cas says.
“I didn’t kill them!” he claimed.
“Oh, hi Cas. You here? Having fun?”
“Don’t you dare touching him,” he says.
“We didn’t like to be seen by anyone. Humans scare so easily and, as you know, they’re a threat to anything they don’t understand.”
“Mmm, Cas, so good, more…” Dean had scooted over to Cas’s side and kept him from covering his ears by pinning his arms to his body. “Cas, yeah, harder!” Cas was fighting him but Dean was stronger and started humping his hip. Somehow, though, Cas managed to escape his grip and wrestled him until Dean was flat on his back, Cas above him and pressing one hand to his mouth. Dean licked his palm.
“Huh?”
“So you’re alright?”
“Dad!” Dean shouted. “Shut the fuck up with this bullshit. Cassie wasn’t the one for me and me breaking up with her is not Cas’s fault. I love him, he makes me happy and I could have a family with him as well.”
Jody chokes a little on her mousse au chocolat. “Donna?”
Dean is certain to see something like determination in his eyes and prepares himself for the pain to come when Cas first touches his rim but the finger glides in with ease and it feels different from how it should. It’s warm and tingles slightly.
he mimics, smacking his lips. His voice is so low that only Cas can hear him.
“I’m sorry this took so long,” Cas says.
Dean clears his throat before speaking. “Well, anyway, thanks for the drink, man. Guess I’m leaving, trying to figure out what to do with my life from tomorrow on.”
Now that’s great…just great. Claire was right calling this place a shithole. He should’ve just stayed with Gabriel because then he would at least have somebody to complain to right now. And why is it so cold again? Cas’s face is still hot from rage but a quick look at the thermostat tells him the temperature has dropped considerably. His heating bill is probably going through the roof already but all that hard-earned money is thrown out the drafty windows and doors. Could he sue Mr. Turner for this?
“What did your mom want?”
“It’s freezing,” he says as he trudges towards the cabin door.
Cas takes a deep breath and leans back against the car, crossing his arms in front of his chest. “I am stubborn, yes.”
“Hey,” Dean said.
Yes! He was making some rounds in a ’70 Plymouth Barracuda soon. Maybe Gunnar would even let him drive a bit. He tried not to get too excited and finished his work quickly enough so that Bobby agreed to let him off ten minutes early.
Charlie wouldn’t give up trying to get hold of him. It wasn’t like he was avoiding her; he just had a lot going on right now with his finals and church group. He needed to foster his new friendships so they could sustain. And he wasn’t Charlie’s only friend wherefore she should be able to do without him for some time. She also had Dorothy and…Benny and all the others.
Uriel doesn’t answer. Instead he goes over to inspect the closet and opens it to find not only Cas’s but also most of Dean’s clothing.
They part in the morning when both have to leave for work. Cas doesn’t know how to continue afterwards. They avoided talking about ghosts over their coffees in Castiel’s kitchen. However, the problem is far from being solved. His house is still haunted and he’s not sure if there even is a way to get rid of whatever paranormal thing it actually is that’s troubling him. Cas just assumed it’s a ghost ‘cause what else could it be? Does he need the Ghostbusters or rather an exorcist?
Cas nodded again, with more purpose this time, and nuzzled his face against Dean’s collarbone, uttering little sighs. Dean carded one hand through his hair, the other scratched soothingly up and down his friend’s back.
“Told you you wouldn’t take long,” he said after throwing away the condom and pulling his jeans back on.
“You did it first!” Castiel says.
“Two weeks, Dean. It only took your cabin fever two weeks to lure me back on the road with what’s very likely not even a real case.”
“Hey there,” a high voice behind him says and he almost drops his brush, startled.
Two days later, on the last school day before summer, Aaron stopped him on the way to the bathroom and gave him a letter. It contained his new address and a phone number. On the bottom of the page it said
“I understand that you prefer houses with a certain charm, a history, but Cassie, this junkyard here is so beneath you,” Gabriel insists and leans against the railings of the porch. “And renting is a waste of money.”
Cas smiles back at him. They’re already standing next to each other, but then Cas leans over and Dean is caught off guard when he kisses him. No, the most notable thing isn’t the kiss itself. They need to let Sam know that they’re an actual couple, affection and all. It’s the quality of the kiss. Not measuring the pressure or moistness or use of tongue—there is no tongue. It’s how soft yet firm it is and how long it lasts. Not long. Still, it’s much more than a quick peck. And Dean is confused.
He thought he could be a better father than his was but he was wrong.
“Only if you don’t do it either.” Dean wants to say something but all he can do is smile at Cas. He
“I think so too,” she agrees.
“I admit, you look like you’re in need of cheering up,” she says, resting her elbow on the window frame.
“Thank you, Charlie. I appreciate your words.”
When Dean wakes up, he feels disoriented. The bed seems too big when he stretches his limbs and the bedding smells different. It smells like Cas.
He ushers them slowly towards the concert hall and Dean is sat in the middle between them. Balt hands him a program and cheerfully points out Cas’s name to him.
She stepped up to him again, continuing in a lower voice, “The party night, when you were drunk.”
This semester was the worst so far. His workload was only slightly reducing despite his effort to finish everything early. Procrastination was deadly at this point. It was still two weeks until finals and he desperately needed another break. If he finished this tonight, he could take Sunday off, so he had to keep going.
look and Cas answered with a quick movement of his eyes. Dean nodded briefly and took a deep breath. “You all know I’ve had a very hard time and I wanted to thank you how understanding you are. I love you and it’s so good to see you again.” He paused, biting his lip. “I also wanted you to know how much Dean has done for me. I wouldn’t be here today if it weren’t for him.”
“He’s not exactly my type but I have eyes. And you have eyes for him, too,” she says.
Cas shook his head. “No, I don’t wanna interfere with your date. I’ll find something.”
“So…” Dean started, standing a few feet away, facing him. He was hugging himself with one arm, fingers nervously scratching the other arm’s bicep.
“I mean I like it…the tattoo.” As if he’d needed to clarify that.
“Aye aye, captain,” Dean and Cas replied simultaneously, the latter with more motivation in his voice than his co-oarsman.
“Actually, I didn’t,” Cas says, looking at Dean as he speaks.
He also hadn’t brought any books with him and considered checking out Dean’s but he didn’t feel like reading anyway.
“Of course, dad,” she says in a tone of annoyance only a teenager is capable of.
“Because I was worried about you. I thought you might have been hurt. Or worse.”
“We’re just…different and what might not be wrong in his eyes is to me. I mean, I’m the problem here. I have a hard time dealing with who I am and in comparison to him I feel somehow humble, like he’s an ideal I can never match up to.”
Dean can’t suddenly be into dudes. Who comes out when they’re 38? That’s ridiculous. He’s way too old for this. And what would his family say? Sam can’t even cope with him having a daughter. How is he gonna react when Dean out of nowhere tells him that he is…he is—what does that make him? Apparently not gay, according to what Cas has told him.
goodbye.
“Before you, no-one would ever listen to me like this. You never talk back or complain… I wish you were, you know, a real boy.” The chuckle that followed sounded forced and sad.
“So you do stop being a deacon?”
They stayed under the hot spray of water for a while after rinsing, Cas with his back to Dean’s chest. His boyfriend’s semi hard-on was slightly nudged between his ass cheeks, one hand was stroking the skin over his heart, the other one teased at Cas’s erection.
“Why don’t you just break through the door and get us?” He shouldn’t give them any ideas but it’s a valid question. What are they waiting for?
“I know, Sammy. Thank you. But hey, um, please don’t tell the parents,” Dean pleaded.
“My hand hurts,” he told Dean when he was taking two cans of beer out of the refrigerator.
male population,” Dean added.
“This wasn’t part of the deal, Dean. You don’t have to pretend to like me when we’re on our own.”
“Jack!” he calls without waiting for an answer and his first instinct is to look behind the stack of wooden pallets next to what seems to be the back door of a restaurant. “He’s here,” he calls.
“Oh, it’s great,” the guy said. “I’ll buy you one if you want?”
His brother and Eileen came to a halt when they’d reached the headstone, standing there without a word, heads tilted towards the ground. Sam’s arm was slung around his wife’s waist, her head resting against him.
“You know, no offence, but, regardless of being bisexual, I always thought you’d end up with a girl, just to please Dad,” Sam says some time into their conversation.
“And afterwards I’m heading to Jessica’s right away,” Sam says.
Cas gave him a gentle smile. “I’ll be pretty much wrapped up and I’ll have to learn not to get distracted by friends of family, but we’ll think of something.”
“Sam tutored me and I think I’ve gained excellent hacking skills. I’m also pretty confident I know more about computers now than you do,” he said, back in his annoyed tone.
“Um, no,” Dean says, frowning, “but I love listening to Cas when he plays piano.”
In zombie-like speed, he puts on the clothes he carelessly dropped on the floor last night and shuffles out of the bedroom. “Coming!” he answers loudly to silence the sheriff’s persistent knocking.
“That’s so cool!” Dean agreed. “Come, I have an idea,” he said and put and arm around Cas’s shoulders. Cas was startled by the sudden closeness but eased into it after a moment. Dean held his phone up and told him to smile into the camera. It made click and Dean cheerfully showed him their selfie. “I’mma send it to her.”
“Why did you do that?” Dean asked in a hushed tone.
he sighs. “And by the way, it’s Sam. I’m not twelve anymore.”
All that fretting about finding a girl, wanting to have sex—maybe Dean had just misread Cas’s signs. He’d told Dean he was ready. He’d told him he found him attractive. Maybe this was Cas-speak for ‘It’s
“Yes.”
“I can’t,” Dean says, lowering his gaze again.
“What do you mean?”
“You were flirting!”
“You’ve got any family?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m… I’m sorry—what?”
“I understand,” Charlie says, thoughtfully chewing on her straw, and Cas takes a relieved breath. Her meddling seems to have come to an end.
Cas slows down a bit but he looks terrified. Maybe he’s afraid of the dark, or wild animals.
“Gabriel’s not gay, darling. He’s got two illegitimate children to prove it,” Mr. Novak told her.
“I guess we have a homophobe here,” Dean said with a smirk.
“Yes. We’re only taking two tents with us so the horses can take turns and don’t have to carry so much weight all the time,” Athena explains. “I think you can handle one night together. You seem like you’re becoming friends.”
They get out of the car and retrieve their luggage from the trunk.
“Actually, she is,” the girl named Gilda said and smiled at her.
“Dean, look at me,” she says.
A guy? He couldn’t pick a guy. Why would he pick a guy?
Trying to stay as quiet as possible yet hurrying his step, he sneaks upstairs. What if he is too late? What is they already did something to Castiel he will never recover from? It’ll be all his fault, trapping him in here, in the bathtub of the house he grew up in. Cas would still walk among us, undetected, if Dean hadn’t insisted on coming with him last night, sticking around even after Cas had turned.
“Missing eyes? Sounds angelic to me,” Dean says.
Cas liked kids. He had missed the time his nephew and niece were that little but he still enjoyed every occasion he had them around. At least he got to have them in his life, even if only for some time, as he would never be having children of his own. If—and that was a big if at the moment—he ever became ordained a priest, people were to call him Father but this was certainly not the same as having a little one call him dad or something like that. He was still young. Most people nowadays weren’t even thinking about having children before they turned thirty, yet, in moments like this with Jack gradually falling asleep with his tiny head against his chest, he became painfully aware that this was never going to happen for him.
Seems like he has to fake it.
“Yes, Dean?”
“Dean?” he says. No answer.
One time, Dean had just made a quick coffee run, he saw Cas walking around with a group of people. Some girl was next to him, saying something that made him laugh. Dean hated her already.
“Of course I told him. I’m not
He’s been in an awful mood lately and his latest appointment with Benny stayed behind his expectations. At first he’d thought things were going well with him, but, to be honest, he’s not Dean and Dean’s visions were in perfect harmony with what Cas had imagined for his car.
“Yeah, are Cas and I sharing?” He’d already feared this but now that they’re getting confirmation it’s suddenly all too real.
“I can imagine were this is going,” Cas says.
“Well, she’s Captain. She has to be,” Jody says and Cas nods.
“Then why did he become a fucking priest?” The song had apparently come to an end because Dorothy and Cas where standing behind them, expecting to switch partners.
“Don’t worry. I used the extra time to find us a movie.” The movie, however, ends up being background noise to their conversation and eventual making out anyway.
But Cas isn’t protesting anyway. All the weight that must have dropped from his shoulders tonight—he must be exhausted.
“Do you really think they’d disown you because you’re in love with a guy?”
And Italy has lots of sandy beaches.”
“But…Dean—”
“You can take your pants off now, if you want,” he says, “and I’ll do the same.”
though. Why, of all boats in the world, did he have to end up here, on the same cruise ship Castiel’s on?
“No, thanks,” Cas says, sounding more strained than he’d like.
When Cas doesn’t respond or even dare to move, Dean’s fingers find the lapels of Cas’s coat. “Did you hear me, Cas?” he says.
you—” He moaned and Dean’s dick twitched in excitement. Cas’s hands slid past the waistband of his pajama bottoms and a content hum reached Dean’s ears as Cas was stroking himself under the flannel.
“I’d say learning by doing is probably the favorable option,” Cas murmured.
The beer was passing him quickly and they gladly found some free space in the hallway where Dean could leave Cas alone for a moment. “I gotta piss,” he called as loudly as he could. “Be right back. You stay here, understood?” And Cas nodded but briefly hesitated to let go of his arm in a desperate plea to not be left alone. “Hurry,” Dean thought it was that he replied before he headed upstairs to find a bathroom.
“Yes, Dean. I’m not stupid. I’ve had sex ed.”
“Don’t blame yourself for this, Castiel. What’s that old saying—
“Isn’t it a bit weird for us to kill something arisen by the grace of God?” he says. “I mean, we’ve killed pagan gods and all that. But Lucy has become what she is through her martyrdom and devotion to God, with a capital G.”
“What is it?” Dean asks but Tanya tries to get away, arms flailing.
“What? I’m listening. Although, you’ll have to admit this is kinda boring,” Dean whispers.
Cas gave him a cocky smile and crawled into Dean’s lap. “How about this?” he said, wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and kissed him eagerly.
“Thanks, that’s very kind of you. Did you have any interesting cars to work on lately?”
“Very.”
“Uh, I want it to end. Please tell me it’s going to end,” Charlie sighed as she slumped onto the chair next to Cas’s, a coffee cup in her hand.
He couldn’t stay in bed any longer. All that speculation made his headache even worse.
“Trust me.”
“Very,” Cas said and couldn’t help but smile at the thought of Dean. “He’s so good to me. I really love him.”
Lucy’s getting closer and Dean can smell her breath. It reeks of death and decay and he’s trying so hard to get out of her way but it’s hopeless.
“Dean,” Sam repeats with more intent, “what happened? Where’s Cas?”
“Dean,” he says, just to reassure himself that he’s not alone.
Mary groaned. “Not again. I’ll talk to him,” she said and left.
had a welcoming exterior and also looked nice and warm inside. The decoration was maybe a bit too much peach and pink for Dean’s liking but the things that lay on display looked really tasteful. The woman who was probably Mrs. Graham was currently busy with a customer, so they waited until she would leave.
“Would you do that?” Jack asks, hopeful.
“I am but it’s Saturday.”
“And you’re still living with him?”
“It sure does,” Tessa told him. “You can bring someone with you if you want.”
“Is it?”
"It’s what I do," he says, giving Sam's shoulder a reassuring squeeze. "What I've always done. No matter what happens, I'll be there, watching over you." He's only looking at Dean now as he speaks.
“I hate black cats,” he says as he dusts his pants off.
“Do you even know how to play shuffleboard?”
“Are you serious? No! He’s straight and even if it turns out he’s not…I don’t know what’ll happen. I can’t lose him, Charlie.”
“Yes, it is. It’s also good that I’ve been very involved with the church all my life. I’ll benefit from that when I apply to the seminary of my choice,” Cas said.
“Oh,” he says. “I didn’t know you had company. I don’t want to…I can leave.”
The next time Dean walked by the angel, the ivy was gone. Someone must have gotten rid of it; maintenance staff perhaps. Anywho, he was glad to see the statue free of any kind of scrub.
“Thanks. We’ll bring it back to you as soon as possible.”
Dorothy was dancing towards her girlfriend until they were impossibly close. Their hands were caressing the other’s cheeks, mouths hanging open slightly, breathing each other in. For the girls it was only them, no-one else around mattered.
“I brought a guide book with me because at home I didn’t have the time to take a proper look into it. My house is still messy from moving, plus four girls making it even more chaotic didn’t leave me enough downtime to plan my trip. And while we’ve been here I was too lazy. I thought I’d find me a guided tour or so once we’ve arrived. I found this brochure from the tourist info in Montevideo.”
The girls’ house was much bigger than Dean’s and tastefully decorated with movie posters and original comic book drawings. Charlie had hung a framed copy of Dorothy’s first published novel over the fireplace. Dorothy had protested at first, she told them, but Charlie had told her she wanted everyone to see how proud she was of her wife, so Dorothy eventually agreed with displaying the book there. Gladly, Dean interrupted Charlie before she could tell them about the great sex the conversation had led to. “Too much information, Bradbury,” he said when Cas was already about to cover his ears.
“So you don’t think it’s strange for me to date a guy?”
“Yes. I’m sure she’ll be here any minute.”
“I’m not sure. Maybe, I guess. But he doesn’t love me back. To him I’m only a friend.”
Maybe Cas had actually been tired and considering that he hadn’t felt so well at the party, Dean understood that he needed to get some rest.
“We are all sinners, Dean. I’ve allowed myself quite a big mistake and I had to seek absolution for it.”
Damn, she’s good. “We used to be friends, kinda. We were happy in our current positions and minding our own business but then this opportunity arose and my family and friends talked me into aiming higher and so I applied. I thought Cas… Novak was happy with what he’s got but apparently he also saw his chance and then one thing led to another and now we’re here.”
“Good morning, Dean,” he says and unashamedly yawns and stretches his arms.
Dean clears his throat. “Yeah, well, enough of that,” he says. “Missouri, how’s my exhibition going so far?” He thought about throwing an actual opening party but he’d better postpone this until the start of the tourist season, so he might acquire clients for commissions.
“You didn’t show at all, had your professional poker face on—really, I couldn’t tell what’s been going on inside you besides being focused on the music.”
They’ve left the path a few minutes ago but Dean knows exactly where he’s going. He and Sam used to come out here all the time when they were kids. The whoosh of swift moving water gets louder and Dean can feel the moistness in the air. It’s much cooler here, shadowy, when they reach the small pool hidden behind thick bushes. The waterfall is busy, carrying meltwater from the mountains and giving the stream a nice turquoise color. In the summer, it’s still cool but warm enough to be splashing around in there. When he was a teenager, Dean used to take his dates out here—the daughters and sons of tourists—sometimes at night as a romantic gesture or for the excitement of doing something forbidden. By the end of the school holidays they would be gone and Dean could come out here again, unbothered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you wanna see me again tomorrow? You could pick me up from my dorm at seven.”
“Obviously,” Dean says, “not many tourists around this time of year.”
It didn’t look like it was going to be a particularly warm day but he had gotten notably damp under his arms and around his neck which was funny because he hardly ever broke out in sweat during his runs unless it was under the heat of the summer sun. Perhaps he had put on a layer too many today. He only ever felt like this when he and Dean…
“Would you mind if I…?” Castiel asked then.
Cas ended the conversation by bringing his attention back to the TV screen and Dean continued searching the pictures on his computer for helpful evidence.
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” he said.
“You know what goes where, right?” he asked.
“It’s all good, mom. We’ve talked it out.”
Speaking of which…
“I-I don’t know. Jeans and a nice T-shirt, I guess.”
“There’s nothing to apologize for, really,” Cas says and Claire’s responding eye-roll unfortunately catches Dean’s attention.
“His Symphony No. 5, yes,” Cas says with an actual smile before resuming, “I bet you know this as well.”
“How ‘bout yours?”
“I don’t know,” Cas says and closes the book. “I didn’t ask him how he’d acquired such knowledge and I couldn’t prove him wrong anyway. I’ve had a very long life and the beginnings are uncertain. I don’t remember if I ever had a less mature form, like you humans are children at first, or if I came into existence fully grown already.”
“Oh, so you didn’t take Castiel’s name? Cas, say, are you a Winchester now? What a lovely name that is.”
“Several,” he says and rolls his sweater up to his elbow to expose skin covered in black ink. “It goes all the way up to my shoulder.”
“By whom?” Dean asks but Cas thinks this doesn’t actually require an answer and gets rid of the T-shirt as well.
All eyes are on Dean now.
“When you say it like that, it makes me sound stupid.”
He’s tilting his head towards where the kitchen area ends and the living room begins.
“Great,” Cas said, determinedly crossing his arms in front of his chest.
“Is that how the two of you became friends?”
“I got over it pretty quick when Benny started his habit of leaving dirty socks on my bed.”
“You can have my shirt,” Cas suggests.
“Oh, hi Castiel. I was only swinging by and returning the baking dish my mother had borrowed from yours for the last bake sale.” She was wearing a pale blue summer dress that had a white bow on the side above her hip. The neckline was rather low, revealing the cleft of her breasts. Cas noticed that he noticed.
Cas has known Balthazar for too long to believe that any of this is true.
“Oh, yeah, now I remember. Hannah, Alicia’s friend from college. Sorry it took me so long. Sure, how can I help you with your car?”
Cas nods. “But tonight’s an exception, just to be clear.”
“I have come across many things in my lifetime,” she says, sitting down again. “Most of those a long time ago, before I moved here to settle down. But I’ve never seen something like—”
There’s definitely no hurry as they move against each other, yet it doesn’t take either of them very long to finish.
Next, he takes the lube and squeezes a generous amount on his fingers, making sure to warm it up before touching Dean.
“Oh, he is more of a city person, you know. He only came here because I asked him to. But I, on the other hand, am thrilled to be here. There’s so much exploring to be done, out in the nature. You’ll never know what you might stumble across.” There’s a twinkle in his eye, whitened teeth flashing in the poor light. “And what are you doing out here, all by yourself? Taking a swim?”
A few minutes go by and Cas considers leaving but then someone comes from further inside the building.
He tidies up a bit, does the dishes he hasn’t gotten to yet and then rewards himself with a nice, hot bath, lightening a scented candle to counter the smell that just won’t go away. For an even more relaxing atmosphere, Cas sets up his iPhone speakers and puts on some Rachmaninov.
“Thanks man,” Dean said and gave him a brief hug.
“You’re too nice, Mrs. Novak,” Dean said.
Dean noticed that Dorothy had suddenly become very quiet. She looked somewhat upset and her eyes were glassy. “Hey, what is it?” Dean asked, reached out a hand to her.
“Never.” Dean’s beaming at him. His eyes are glassy with tears, face flushed. Gradually, Cas’s facial muscles relax. His cheeks hurt.
“Shut up,” he says, smiling though.
“Not much,”— she shrugs her shoulders—“Just that the teacher made you dance with each other.”
And how amazing this feels! Dean is so hot inside, taking him all in. He’s so beautiful, letting out a long exhale through his nose, grasping at Cas’s back, fingernails digging into his skin without being unpleasant.
Everything was fine as long as Cas didn’t talk about his girlfriend, which he didn’t do exceedingly often but it was still too much for Dean’s liking and he hated every second of it. He wasn’t jealous, no…not at all—he just childishly wanted every piece of Cas’s attention directed at him when they were alone.
“You still have the same car,” Cas noticed when they had reached the Impala in the parking lot.
“I think that’s for the best, yes. But this means I won’t have a car for a while, right?”
Ketch sighs and puts money and wallet back into his pocket. “A pity,” he says. “Though, admittedly, I’d rather have the model anyway.” His eyes darken, followed by a predatory reveal of his teeth.
Dean has been avoiding Cas for weeks now. In hindsight, the way he handled the entire situation was probably not a very wise one and the incident where he staged his hurried departure due to a different engagement might have been a little unconvincing but Cas seems to have put up with Benny taking over the job with his car. The radio silence after finding out that Cas was gay or so was probably the worst he could have done, considering he’s a business man who depends on obtaining good relationships with his clients and positive reviews, but for some reason seeing Cas with another guy that way disturbed him so much that he couldn’t continue doing his job like he’s supposed to. It’s not like Dean has got any problems with gay people. Max is an alright dude who has good taste in cars. Okay, the Beyoncé thing was bit over the top, but other than that he’s okay with him and Sam being friends. And his brother never mentioned any occasion where Max would have hit on him.
“I asked her where she got that from and she asked me if I could remember someone named Lydia from a house party fifteen years ago. And…and I did. That was a good night, a really good one.”
“Is it because you have feelings for Cas?” Dean cringed. “I never really understood how you could just move on to Aaron. I know the way you were pining for Cas wasn’t healthy and you had to get over him eventually but I didn’t get how that happened so quickly.”
“Thanks for the compliment, Cas,” Dean mutters and sits down on the edge of the bed, discreetly pushing the condom wrapper under it with his foot. He squirms to find a more comfortable position. It was a good idea to choose the mattress over one of the wooden chairs.
“I just want my friend back,” Cas said eventually, looking back up with blurred eyes.
“Dude, I’m single. But I’m sure you’ve dreamed of your fairy tale wedding ever since you were a little girl, trying out fancy hairdos,” Dean mocks.
“Um, thanks,” he says and takes the keycard and map from her.
“Huh?”
“A Catholic priest?”
“Well,” Charlie throws in, voice small, “I wouldn’t go that far. I guess there’s a chance.”
“What makes you think that?”
“Oh, we’re living in a good neighborhood. The city itself is also really nice, great barbecue, you know, I like it very much.”
“Aw, Cas, now you’re exaggerating. This was all you, your effort and talent,” Linda says. “Anyway, it’s very nice to meet you, Dean.”
“Why didn’t you wait, have guests, tell people in advance?” Naomi asks, still directed at Dean.
“Hm.” They both watch the TV for some time but Dean can feel that she’s fidgety and wants him to talk.
“Are you pleased with how it’s going so far?”
Dean thinks.
Uncle Bobby was the only one who Dean could talk to about his mom. He was also the only person in Dean’s life who was willing to take him to the cemetery. Sam always got bored real quick and Bobby had to often take them back to his truck before Dean was ready to leave. He also found the place unsettling, he said, and why would you wanna talk a stone anyway.
He could kill for a coffee right now. The phone beeps with notifications for missed calls and text messages. Dean scrolls through them without properly reading any. They’re mostly Sam’s input on their current case and updates on when he’s going to be here.
“Welcome to my humble house,” he says. “Not to be impolite but I got to go shower first. I am cold and gross and when I’m done, I can start taking care of you. You can sit here on the sofa, get comfy. I won’t be long, I promise.”
He’s about to call his landlord to yell at him, being in desperate need of some sort of vent right now, when the picture of Claire he’s placed on the mantle falls over and the frame crashes on the floor. The lights go out and he swears he can see a figure standing by the fire place.
will be outside as well so maybe take a coat with you in case you’re getting cold.”
“Me too, Meg.” He was still smiling, so happy to finally be with her for more than just a minute.
“Well, have a good night, Dean. It was nice meeting you,” she says and the trio disappears around the corner.
Cas’s patience seemed to have come to an end.
“What is this?” Dean asks.
Cas sighed. “Dean,” he started. He intently stared at his lap for a minute before resuming, “I don’t want to be mad at you all the time but you keep getting us into dangerous situations. I am human and I want to live as long as possible to spend my remaining time on earth with you.” He turned his head to face him. “I’ve already lost you too many times and you’ve lost me. We will lose each other again eventually but I want to put the inevitable off as long as long as possible.”
Dean doesn’t answer.
He stopped in his tracks when he rounded the corner and saw Charlie at the far end of the hallway. She was in company of some other girl and they were…making out!
“So, what can you tell us?” Dean asked the coroner after they had arrived.
Dean can feel the stubble as his thumb strokes along Cas’s cheek, feels it on his lips, too. He shaved this morning to make the best possible impression but his five o’clock shadow has undone the work already.
“Only if that’s alright,” Cas tried to trivialize the proposition.
“I’ll go get the key,” Charlie says then, “Meg?” Weirdly, Meg follows her to the reception desk without an argument.
“So, what do you think we could be after?” Cas asked instead of continuing their argument. “Personally, I still don’t think this is anything for us.” He walked over to the bed closest to the bathroom and dropped his duffel bag onto the mattress.
In the morning Dean was woken up by some kind of noise he couldn’t recall afterwards but then he heard it again. It sounded like a moan. It happened once more. Yes, it was definitely a moan. Cas stirred awake too beside him. “What is that?” he asked blearily.
” Claire looks at both of them. “You guys are kidding, right?”
“You were right. I’m sorry.”
He shouldn’t have. They might have found a way. They might have defeated Billy after all. They…
“No. Soon, I hope,” he replied sadly.
“Cas,” Charlie says and great, now the man has noticed him as well. “May I introduce you to Rufus. He’s the night receptionist and will be so kind to grant us access to the most active areas in the hotel.”
Finally, Dean grumpily stalked into the lake where his friends were already playfully splashing water at each other. At least he found some satisfaction when he approached Cas from behind and thrust his head under the surface. He let him struggle a little to get back up but didn’t use much force as he only wanted to nettle him slightly and not drown him.
“Cool,” Dean throws in but Sam ignores the comment.
“Good luck, Castiel,” the priest said and Cas returned to the car.
“Is it?”
Jody takes Dean’s glass, puts it in his free hand and takes the empty one away from him which evokes a small but forlorn laugh from him.
“Uh,” he starts and realizes he’s bled through his shirt sleeve.
“Yeah, do that. My wife, hmmm,” she said absent-mindedly, smiling at something in her head.
Dean didn’t say anything, confusion obvious on his face.
“I think this went great,” Claire says a few minutes into the drive.
disgusting,” Cas says.
shit.”
“No thanks. I’ll leave you to it. Have a good day,” she says and Dean walks her out.
“It means I’ll officially lose my status as a member of the clergy,” Cas explained.
He’s in love, that’s what this is, Dean thinks, putting the phone away and pulling up his blanket. He loves Cas so much and he’s going to tell him when they see each other again, because if Dean has learned one thing today, it’s that hiding his true feelings is not what makes him happy. Cas makes him happy and Cas deserves to know that. He’ll let him know in every way possible.
Cas stares at him.
Dean realized the water had been turned off and he heard rustling behind the bathroom door. He suddenly felt like he should cover himself with something…
“Thank you so much,” Dean squeals and drops a big fat kiss on his cheek.
“How about you show me where you live and introduce me to your husband before we do anything else?”
“Dean? What Dean?
Also, Cas has accepted Dean’s choice of music. He actually kind of likes it sometimes. They are good songs and Dean sometimes murmurs absently, quietly singing along with the lyrics. He probably sings aloud when Cas is not there but he wouldn’t mind. Cas isn’t much of a singer himself. Yet, he would love to hear Dean sing. They could do their worst together. But Cas doesn’t even know the lyrics. And Dean wouldn’t enjoy this anyway. He’s very protective of his music and so is Cas. One thing they have in common.
“I’m looking forward to it,” Cas says. Instead of his usual ‘goodbye’, he cups Dean’s cheek with a hand and kisses him on the other side, before leaving the shop with a big fat smile on his face. He’ll need some answers for what happened since last week but for now he’s happy with how things turned out.
“Yeah, I know. I would’ve rocked this famous Americans theme. You know who won last year?”
“I’m going to miss food,” Cas says over the dining table, poking around on his plate with the fork.
“I didn’t mean for that to happen,” he says. “She’s never done that before, I swear. I didn’t even know she could. It was a bad idea to bring you here.”
“We have to visit my parents together with Sam and his girlfriend in two weeks.”
“Why didn’t you just tell her to piss off?”
Mary was just retrieving a baking sheet with pizza pockets from the oven when they came into the room. “I figured you guys will be hungry,” she said and slid the oven mitt off her hand before she walked up to welcome Cas.
He gives the cat a quick side-eye and goes after Dean who has just reached the first step leading up to his new home.
“If you hurt him again, I’m gonna break your legs,” Sam deadpanned and Cas quickly backed away from him. “Just kidding,” he said, his frown turning into a smile, and shook Cas’s hand. “Glad to meet you again, Cas, really.”
“You talked to me, treated me as friend even though I was just a big, shapeless rock, and by that you gave me back my life force.”
“I have observed many humans in my lifetime, met some when I had legs but none were like you.”
“The naked guy?” Sam blurts out and Dean gives him a scolding look for that. “Oh my god, man, thank you.” He takes Cas’s right hand in both of his. “I wouldn’t know what to do without my brother. He has a tendency of getting into trouble.”
“What did he say?”
“Hey, Sammy,” he says, “Glad you could make it.” Sam laughs at the wink Dean added to the end of the sentence.
Dean lets out a bitter laugh.
“Cas!” Benjamin almost yells like it’s not the first time they tried to get his attention.
Cas’s big hand wraps around his head. Then, his back arches off the mattress, accompanied by a pull at Dean’s hair and a long, loud moan, he spills over Dean’s hand and cock, sending an intense and final pulse through him before he follows Cas into oblivion.
The first thing he sees when he opens the door is expensive clothing, a silk scarf wrapped around the man’s neck. Brit, he thinks, the one who shaves.
“Huh,” Meg says. Her face turns into a weird grimace, eyeing Cas suspiciously.
“I can see stars,” Cas says then, ending the mutual silence, and Dean looks up to the sky. It’s not even dark yet but Cas is right.
“Well, should I come to the conclusion that being a priest is not what I want after all, then yes, I could quit. But I sincerely hope that won’t happen.”
“Yes,” Dean breathes, his lips ever so lightly touching Cas’s, testing the waters.
Anyway, now that he’s gotten this story off his chest, he’s actually able to listen to what Benjamin is saying and to enjoy the company.
“I didn’t want the man I love to get deported, okay,” Dean says. “We couldn’t wait, and we didn’t want to.” He looks at Cas next to him, meeting his eyes.
get the house? You bought it together, right.”
“No,” Cas said. “I’ll go get it. I’ll be back in ten.” He rushed out of the room and the building, panting—he should really start running again—until he was back at his dorm. It was already dark outside and the lights in their common room were switched off. Dean’s room was also unlit. Cas thought he’d still be working on his paper. A small crack between door and frame leaked a vague white glint. He peeked through the small opening and saw that Dean was sprawled on his bed, wearing headphones, which was probably why he hadn’t noticed Cas being back. The only source of light in the room appeared to be the faint glow of the laptop on his desk. Dean let out a lengthy exhale. Then Cas realized that his pants were pulled down slightly and his right hand was at his groin.
Dean finds him sitting at the dining table, hands folded as if he’s praying. There’s an envelope in the middle of the glass top.
“Just wait till you get to know me better. Maybe you’ll discover something you don’t like about me.”
“Uh, Dean-o,” she says and playfully slaps his shoulder, “I won’t give you a ticket. But I’d say I get back into my car and you follow me to the station.”
“Dean,” she says, crossing her arms over her chest, “not only didn’t we find a body, there’s also no sign there even was someone. There are no clothes, no car, and if there actually was this naked man you saw, he’s gone. There’s no chance he survived hours in the freezing cold ocean.”
But he was dead. They had accepted this and, fortunately, didn’t take any foolish risks to bring him back. They couldn’t have done it anyway.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if that’d happen with Claire, too,” Cas says. “Am I a bad parent for letting her lead a séance?”
“Then why do you think you did?”
“This bucket is for spitting, you know. You don’t have to swallow everything if it’s too much for you. Wine’s got a little bit more alcohol than beer. You’re probably not used to it.”
“And your mother,” John added. “I’ve already forgiven you,” he told Dean and tousled his son’s hair before saying, “Come on, son. There are Christmas presents waiting for you.”
he asked himself as he let his weight drop onto the mattress.
“Yeah, babe!”
“Sam is right,” Cas says. “You just took your GED and I know you, Dean. You’re a bright young man with his heart in the right place.” Then, he adds, “That’s why I married you.”
He should be glad, should be grateful. They're free. They defeated God, the Almighty. How great is that? And still, it's not enough. How is it not enough?
Dean wasn’t so sure if they were actually discussing the same thing here. Did Cas consider last night a mistake? “Do you think I did something wrong, too?”
“Must’ve gotten lost. I don’t have one.”
“Oh, uh, I think I won’t go,” Cas told him.
Charlie’s eyes grew huge when Dean hesitated to respond. “Oh my god, you actually told him, didn’t you?”
The statue was bare stone, moss covering the hem of its long gown. Maybe, one time it might have shone in bright colors. Dean could only suspect traces of paint but to be sure he’d have to stop and take a closer look at the angel and he could really do without ever knowing if he could only just get away from it as quickly as possible.
“What just happened?” Dean says, cold sweat on his palms. “You scared me. You scared Cas!”
Castiel vividly remembers the Old Romans and, like their gods, they knew how to party. He was only allowed to watch back then but he’s very fond of the memories from those times. He wouldn’t mind going to a museum, like Sam suggested, as it would be like looking at a photo album for him. He could point out some of the historians' inaccuracies and paint the guys a picture of what the statues had actually looked like—not plain white marble but full of elaborate colored details.
“Relax, he isn’t here yet,” Aaron said and that was the exact moment Cas chose to come back.
“I was told I’m a very quiet sleeper,” Cas says and steps out of his sweatpants.
“It worked for our victims,” Sam states. “But it’s probably for the best we do this tomorrow and some other place than a motel room.”
“They were asking questions about the nature of our marriage.”
“When I had legs, yes, but never in my true form. Except for the times they hunted me. But only if necessary. I didn’t think they were worth talking to.”
“I don’t plan on doing that,” Cas said. “I’m happy to finally be here with you and your brother.”
“I can’t believe you’re real,” he says. Then, “why me? Why did you show yourself to me?”
It’s the evening before their arrival in Montevideo and Cas feels strangely nostalgic. He had just settled in on the MS Amara only to have to leave her the following day. Yet, he’s excited for the adventure that’s awaiting him in Uruguay.
He clears his throat. “So, uh, what are you suggesting?”
“You mean if I still love you?” He looks tense as he speaks. All the sass has been laid to rest. They’re being serious now.
He ends up getting there a bit early but has to get his stuff first anyway. When he enters the reception area, he can’t see Charlie anywhere so he asks the blond woman at the desk instead. He’s not sure how he is supposed to move around his things like this when they’re exploring the countryside by horse but is certain someone will come up with an idea.
He pulls back once, forever stunned by what he sees beneath him. “You’re beautiful,” Dean says.
Jody doesn’t seem to have any problems with getting on her horse and making it walk where she wants it to go. Then it’s Castiel’s turn to try it.
Two cups of coffee later, he goes to the bathroom to wash up and get rid of the filthy clothes still scattered on the tile floor. The lost-and-found stuff he’ll throw out. His own clothing is still damp and has a nasty smell to it, like seaweed that’s been rotting away in the sun. When he picks up yesterday’s jeans, he notices something he neglected when he first saw it: the rip in the leg. Dean distinctly remembers the sharp pain that shot from his wounded shin up to his hip within a split second. When he came to on the beach later, the pain and any signs of an injury where gone.
Cas purses his lips. He’s feeling nervous. He hasn’t had to deal with serious stage fright in a while but he finds the idea of Dean silently judging him unsettling.
They stare at each other for a moment before Cas says, “Dean, would you kiss me?”
“Haha, funny. No, my Stetson. The thing cost a fortune but it was totally worth it.”
Doug ignores her and instead takes Dean’s hand. “Nice to meet you, Dean. And it’s not my fault I’ve got the same name as your ex-husband,” he says to Donna.”
He showered when he had gotten home and heard Dean’s key turning in the lock as he was just getting back downstairs.
“You’re, um, I like your muscles,” Dean spluttered.
“Come to the waterfall, at midnight. Come alone. I have to show you something.”
“I love you,” he whispered and if his family was falling apart, at least he’d have the love of his life by his side to walk him through this.
“I missed you,” he sighs against Cas’s lips, struggling for air.
“What are you going to do now?” he says, directed at Jody.
“But if you could, maybe, tell me…I don’t know…something?”
“Meg, hello! Now that’s a surprise,” Cas said cheerfully.
On his way back to the parking lot, he saw the angel again and remembered what he’d intended to do when Sam had called the last time he was here.
“Yep.”
“I highly doubt that philosopher is an actual job. Not like engineer anyway,” John stated and drank from his bottle.
“What else would you like to learn as long as we are together?” he asks.
“Then do it,” he tells her, and Missouri puts her hands on his temples and closes her eyes.
“Oh, do tell!”
Ketch grunts but recovers quickly. Dean has only made it a few feet towards the tub, shielding Cas now with his body.
“Not really, no. But it gets less scary after some time.”
They kiss again, slowly, deeply. Cas is grasping at Dean’s thigh, gradually moving upwards but refraining from touching him elsewhere below the waistline.
“I also got kicked out by my roommate today.”
Cas sighs and lifts his gaze. “How?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says and cautiously moves towards him until he’s close enough to put a gentle hand on the man’s shoulder. “I didn’t mean to freak you out. You don’t have to tell me anything, if you don’t want to. Although I’d really like to help you and it would be easier if I knew your name or what you’ve been up to. Man, I owe you my life. Please, let me help you.”
The woman’s smile faltered. “Oh, what a tragedy this is,” she said. “Such nice ladies and now this happens to them, dying only two days apart of each other.”
“Hello, sorry, I was in the back,” said a man who had appeared from Mrs. Graham’s office. “What can I do for you, gentlemen?”
“Like this,” he breathed and Cas quickly applied some lube to his hole.
“Dean,” Cas says, “stop talking. I get it and you have my complete understanding. But how are you gonna explain me being there then? As a friend I wouldn’t really have much of a reason to come to a family gathering.”
As the boy turns and disappears back to where he came from, the creature dares to resurface its head once again, hidden behind a rock now. What he did before was unwise and careless. He let himself be witnessed by a human, though it was an innocent child; a child that seemed upset for some reason, even if the creature can’t fathom how one can possibly be upset in a night like this, lights shimmering on the firmament.
Dean thinks it’s time for him to leave the sundeck as well. He takes a shower and tries not to end up flooding his entire cabin as he does so. How is a grown man supposed to fit in here?
“Anyway, now he knows that you are strictly into girls.”
“Yes,” Cas says.
“Drink your coffee,” Sam sighs.
He wasn’t really sure why he had practiced but learning it had been fun.
“But he surely taught Cas this ungodly lifestyle.”
“How can you be?”
“And there he is,” Ketch says. “Isn’t he a beauty? I can see why you fell for him.” Dean wants Ketch’s nose to get acquainted with his fist so badly.
Halfway through Episode IV Charlie and Cas had a quarrel about her watching him as he watched the movie. “I’m just curious about your reaction to my favorite scenes,” she said matter-of-factly.
“Why not?”
“Do you have a ring?” Hannah asked.
Gunnar raised an eyebrow. “Good looking and smart. Nice.”
“It’s okay,” Cas says, “I’m not really anyway. Just…would’ve liked to know.”
“Josie Sands,” she says and offers him her hand.
Castiel gasps. “Stop this blasphemy!”
“You seem more like a crazy cat lady to me.”
Cas groans. “Dean, I’m perfectly sober.”
“Dean, get yourself a beer from the fridge and bring me one too, would ya? Where’s your brother and his lovely lady?”
“Catch,” she said and threw a pair of black lace panties at Cas and that idiot was actually going to hold out his hands but Dean pulled him aside in time, the panties falling on the hardwood floor.
Their conversation had gone in a surprisingly good direction. They had begun to open their hearts to one another, talked about the issue standing between them and Castiel felt like they were actually getting somewhere, maybe overcoming their grudge against each other, but then Dean had to ruin everything. Right after being told about his personal qualities, Dean, for some reason, had to do a 180 degree turn and rebuked him, implied that he, Castiel, was a bad and unsupportive friend. How could he have possibly encouraged Dean without knowing what he was up to? He didn’t think Dean was having any interest in the position because he had never mentioned doing so which is why Cas decided to go for it. He never wanted to compete against Dean… Not that he thought he wouldn’t have had any chance against him but he’d have grasped how important it’d be for Dean to become sheriff and he would’ve 100% had his back. Turns out Dean wouldn’t have deserved it after all, that unappreciative, self-absorbed—
“Yes, see ya. Bye!”
“Cas, great, a helping hand!” Mary sighed when she saw him there. “Come, help me set the table,” she told him and handed him a stack of plates after Cas had put the beer down on the kitchen counter. “How did it go with John?” she asked as they arranged the dining room table.
“One hundred and fifty,” he says and retrieves three more ten dollar bills. Dean shakes his head. “Two hundred.” Dean keeps denying, though he could really use the money. “Five hundred,” Ketch says eventually, “my last offer.”
“She always has some on board for friends and special passengers, like you.”
“Ew,” he says, mouth full. He tries to chew it but it feels like a rubber band between his teeth.
Her words have him all choked up. If only she knew… If only she knew that this is all a lie, that Cas is happier now because he didn’t get deported and has got a real job again.
Dean takes a deep breath. “I’m not scared if that’s what you’re suggesting. Are you?”
“You’re finally getting rid of your car!” She sounds way too excited.
“Cas,” he said after a while, not sure if his boyfriend had already fallen asleep.
“Do you mean it this time?”
“Alright,” Dean says and swings his duffel bag over his shoulder, Sam following suit. Jack takes his hand, Sam grabs Jack’s other hand and Cas’s as well.
one. Cas.
“I like ponies,” Jack says.
“Yes, hi again. Thanks for coming today,” he tells her.
Dean wished he had a mirror out here to admire his new look but could do nothing more than stare down on himself. He had to wiggle a bit at his crotch with a hand inside the panties to find the optimal fit but eventually everything down there was perfectly arranged and comfortable. He glanced over his shoulder to see the shape of his ass under the pink textile. The panties had a thin black lace trim and the obligatory bow in the front. He really liked this one.
“I guess I’ll shower again. But right now I don’t wanna get up,” he says and pulls Cas closer.
“Well, yeah, but… I can’t believe you’re really talking to me!”
“Yes, Cas. This is our third date. If nothing goes wrong, I’m getting lucky tonight.”
“If he can afford it, I’m glad to help with that,” Dean says and retrieves a business card from his wallet. It’s not his usual style to acquire clients at gatherings like these, though on the other hand this money payed the bills for Sammy’s education so he should be grateful instead of kicking his foot under the table.
She seemed to be grasping what her husband was referring to. She looked at her boy. “Dean, honey, are you gay?”
“All my life long, everything I ever did was for you,” he says, poking his finger at Sammy’s brick wall of a chest. “And now that I’ve gotten another child to care for, you’re acting up. Emma is my real daughter, even though her mother and I were never together, never married, but I’d do anything for her. Same as I would for you and I did. And how are you thanking me, huh? By insulting one of the people in my life that are the dearest, most precious to me because now you gotta share the attention and affection!”
Hannah cracked it open a little. “Mom says we shall come downstairs for dinner.”
“I did, too,” Dean said and moved to head upstairs, Cas clutching the hand he was offering him.
He stops outside on the sidewalk, the glow of the phone in his hand illuminating his face. This will bring an end to his crush, once and for all, he thinks as he replies to the e-mail he received earlier. It’s freezing and all he wants is to put his hands in his pockets but he needs to do this now, settle things. His fingers are frozen stiff when he’s done typing.
“I meant that as a fact! Uh, you’re disgusting… And also–” There’s a pause. “I think I’m into girls now.” She’s sinking a little bit into her seat, looking away from him.
“No…he’s just…” He was looking for a good explanation. “He’s kinda weirded out by sex in general.”
He’s attractive, with his long lashes, ash-blonde hair and freckly cheeks, no-one can deny that, and there’s something about him, something mysterious. His clothes make him look like he’s fallen out of time. Some have even speculated that he might be a time traveler from the nineteen-twenties or thirties, claiming that this would explain why Michael appears to be so transfixed by his surroundings—the electronic dance music, the way people dress and behave, men touching and kissing each other freely.
“I have to be wary. Of people. People are not very nice when I meet them. I prefer to stay by myself.”
Cas knows the voice sounds like Dean’s dad. He’s glad Dean has been so open with him about his issues. “We can wait,” Cas reassures him.
“Dean, I’m grateful that you married me but I don’t expect you to play house in order to please me. I depend on you as much as the other way around.”
They kissed again, slow this time, still holding each other. “Cas,” Dean gasped after a while.
Dean doesn’t want to hear any of it, he knows.
Of course Charlie and Dorothy weren’t the only people Cas knew in Kansas City. The fact that Dean also lived here had been ghosting around in the back of his head ever since he had decided to come here, but what right did he have to bother him? They’d gotten along quite well at the wedding, yet this didn’t mean they were friends. Let alone friends you could call when you were stranded in a strange city.
Dean doesn’t even get to argue with her. In no time she’s gathered a few items and ushers him towards the dressing rooms. The jeans she picked are really tight but he’s got to admit they actually look kinda good. He tries on the first shirt and feels slightly strange when he looks into the mirror.
“This is not for me, like I said. I haven’t started drinking,” he tells her in an urgent tone. “And please refrain from mentioning such allegations to your mom.”
“Nah,” Dean says, “you know me. I’m not really the guy for commitment.”
“Who’s Cas?” his father asked.
He comes to the conclusion that it’s probably for the best to head back now and warily takes a step behind. It’s been going well so far and then he remembers why he came out here in the first place. Dean stops about where he thinks the man was seized by the ocean. There’s no blood or anything, all evidence there might have been long swept away. No items of clothing either. If the man had left them out here, the coast guard would have found them.
“As you can see, both of them are missing their eye-balls,” he says. “Ripped from their holes, not cut.”
“Hey,” Dean scolds him. “Cas is a fine human being. Don’t be rude.”
“Then where’re you from?”
“Everything for the bride.”
“I think we were very convincing tonight,” he says.
“You’re right,” Dean says. “It was a gift from my brother.”
When she’s gone, Jody releases a relieved sigh and lays her head on the table in elation.
“Why did you think you couldn’t confide in me about this? You’ve seen that I have no problem with Charlie being—”
“God, that dog almost gave me a heart attack,” Dean grumbles.
“Hm?”
Time for a change of subjects. “I know Charlie is really happy you came today,” Dean said.
“I could hear your prayers,” he says.
“Absolutely, Jodes!” Donna says. The smile has returned to her face. “Anyhoo, gotta go back to work, make sure we get there safely. See ya!” she says as she proceeds to leave their table.
He chose to ignore his current condition and hoped it would go away eventually. After another prolonged period of tossing around in his bed, he finally managed to sleep.
“They will. But I know the town better. I’ll get rid of them, if only for long enough to get help.”
“You look happy, Dean,” Cas notes as they leisurely swim side by side.
“Dad isn’t in the equation anymore. My life is none of his business.” Dean notices how his jaw clenched right when Sam mentioned him.
“No, Cas, wait,” Dean says, putting a foot between door and frame. “Can we talk?”
“I’ll see you there, Dean,” he said after a minute. He squeezed Dean’s shoulder and got into his car.
Two days later Meg called him and asked him to come over to her place. She was ready. Finally!
Dean, of course, wants both of those, but Castiel won’t give in so easily.
“Yes,” Cas replies for him.
“Maybe we should define who gets what part of the ship for as long as we have to be on it together.”
“Don’t worry about them,” Cas reassures him.
“You’re the best man I’ve ever known and the best friend I could’ve wished for. Ever. You have no idea how grateful I am to have been accepted into your family,” Cas says and Dean just wants him to stop. He can’t bear to hear Castiel’s praise. So Dean presses their lips together once more.
“License and registration, please,” Cas says calmly, stern eyes fixed on Dean’s.
The room is silent save for the slick sound of Cas fucking into Dean, their breathing and the rustling of sheets.
When this was over they would have to find whoever ran this website and shut it down.
“To you I am, at least,” the angel said.
Today, Dean is taking Emma to the mall and he offered to buy her a few things if she finds anything she’d like, although all she’s asked of him was to hang out with her. He thinks it’s weird that she doesn’t object to go shopping with her dad because when he was her age and his mom had offered to go looking for clothes with her, he would have died. He was way too cool at seventeen to be seen anywhere with his mother. Yet, he’s glad his daughter isn’t like him in that regard. She even seems to be proud to have got someone with her who she can call ‘dad.’ Though, the latter took some time. She started out with ‘Dean,’ but now, after two years, she’s comfortable enough with him to stick to ‘dad.’
“I can see that,” Dean replied due to the lack of a better response. “Let’s go,” he said, turned on his heel and started to walk without making sure Cas was still behind him.
They check into a motel five hours into the drive. Dean is tired. From almost dying and overthinking. He changed into a new jacket before getting into the car. The clothing underneath it is still bloody and he just wants to wash off his most recent near death experience.
“Yeah, we had the honor to witness the wonder of girl love,” Dean said blankly.
“First we have dinner,” Amelia says.
“So,” Dean says, wiping his mouth after the last drink, “you said your brother’s also here. Why didn’t you invite him to come sit with us? I’m sure Sammy wouldn’t have minded.”
But how could he have said no?
“So you basically got kicked out of church because you support the LGBTQ community?”
Cas shakes his head, sheepishly sucking his lower lip between his teeth.
Of course, his probation hadn’t come along without some sort of punishment. Cas was prohibited from assisting Father Jim during Mass and counseling. Bishop Crowley certainly didn’t want the black sheep’s rebellious attitude to rub off on and taint the pure white wool of any members of his flock.
“Choked on what?” Cas asked.
Cas doesn’t say anything but Dean can hear the rustling of his sleeping bag.
. Yet, he doesn’t move or make a sound when Cas begins to nose at his exposed neck, his jaw, and places a hot, wet kiss right under his ear and Dean hitches a breath. The warmth of Cas’s mouth spreads out into his body, all the way down into his stomach, the sensation almost a tickle. Without any hurry, Cas withdraws slightly, only to press another kiss right beneath the previous spot, making Dean squirm under the touch of his lips. The kiss ends but Cas doesn’t pull away too far, his breath against his neck causing a shiver to run through him. They stay like this for a minute or so, then Cas’s fingertips find Dean’s waist, the up and down of their movement barely even there, a feather-light touch. Dean moves his head only so much that he can peek at where Cas’s hands are wandering next. They’re sneaking under the hem of his shirt, stronger now, resolute, properly grabbing his bare waist and moving upwards, thumbs being dragged over his ribs. He repeats this a few times—up and down. Up and down. Up and down. Dean tries not to make too harsh of a sound when he struggles for air. Then Cas’s mouth is back at it on his neck and Dean is irritated by how aroused he is. He hopes Cas won’t notice.
At some point, Dean must have started to wander around and eventually his staggering feet had brought him to his
“Yeah, but…” He takes a deep breath. “Listen, I understand if you won’t accept any kind of financial aid and I really don’t mean to scare you off with this—”
“Heya, Sammy,” he says, then corrects, “I’m sorry,
“Better one than none,” she says. “Who wants to check out the basement?”
“Dean?”
“Fingers crossed,” Charlie said.
“We should probably pay the Grahams a visit at home.”
“We had a deal to not start any relationships while we’re married. There are no double standards. I’m keeping my word as well.”
“But—”
“No,” Jody says and laughs. “Well, actually, I did, but not like this.”
“I know, Charlie. I don’t wanna lose them but I also want them in my life and my life is Dean,” Cas said.
Dorothy leaned over from where she was sitting on Dean’s other side and placed a hand on his knee. “Maybe we can do this a bit faster now,” she told Charlie.
“You’re not up yet?”
“We might have a lead on what we’re dealing with,” Sam says, retrieves a piece of paper from his pocket and slips it across the table.
To be honest, he didn’t actually know what was going on between him and his roommate. Dean didn’t talk to him but neither did Cas attempt a conversation. There wasn’t really anything he needed to discuss with him, Cas supposed. Dean didn’t go to church and they didn’t study the same subjects and Cas certainly wouldn’t pursue getting a girlfriend again before his graduation. College was the important thing to focus on during this chapter of his life. A relationship could come afterwards. Or not. Obviously, this wasn’t something that lay in his hands.
“I’m going to miss you so much,” Dean says, face buried into Cas’s hair.
“Yeah, thanks,” Dean says. He  could use some before getting to the next thing on the agenda.
Cas frowns. He hopes Cesar isn’t saying what he thinks he’s saying.
“Rowena!” someone shouts in what is undoubtedly Sam Winchester’s voice.
“This will help me find the right path?” Cas asks.
“Did you find him?” Dean says.
The roads are in a shitty condition and it takes much longer to get back to the bunker than it usually would but Dean doesn’t really mind. He’s happy and pleasantly surprised, although he’d hoped for it, when, at bedtime, Cas follows him into his room.
Dean kneels beside the tub, rubbing water over Cas’s chest. “Better?” he asks.
The pace of their stroking had been moderate at first, increasing steadily up to a point where both of them were driven by the thrill of their approaching orgasms—the closer they got, the faster the motion of their hands.
He dares to move towards him until he’s close enough to reach out and touch, making sure he’s not dreaming. “Cas,”
Of course, Sam had asked Dean to be his best man and he would be the first to be informed as soon as he and Eileen had found a date so he could book a flight out to California.
“They said there’s a costume contest?” Benny says, standing beside him. “How come you’re not in it? You’re always very competitive when it comes to dressing up for Halloween parties.”
“Of course, she is. We’ve talked about this and she said if I wanted to I could. We both just want our daughter to be happy. And it’s just the car. I won’t be paying for insurance or anything.”
“Dean,” he breathes, “are you okay? What happened?”
~~~*~~~
They sit like this until they can no longer avoid reality. Dean helps Cas onto his feet, using them one last time before their 84-year hiatus, and then out of his clothes. He follows Cas to the shoreline. Cas looks at him over his shoulder and wades till he’s waist-deep in the water. He turns around, his longing gaze directed at Dean and Dean stares back, forcing away the tears in his eyes. He doesn’t want to ruin their last moments by crying like a little kid.
Their shoulders brushed but Dean leaned closer and Cas’s head gently knocked against his. He could just fall asleep like this—right there with Cas cuddling him. He thought he was already dreaming when suddenly another pair of lips made contact with his own.
“Well, I disagree, but anyhow, what are we gonna do now? To be honest, I’m starving. Can I take you out for an early wedding dinner?”
“Yeah, sure, I mean considering the circumstances. Why?”
“Again, car, extended stay at the intersection,” she points out once more.
When they got home, Dean combined the carrying of their purchase into the house with quickly showing Cas around the first floor. “Living room, kitchen, pantry and laundry room are back there, guest bathroom.”
“It’s not important,” Dean says and stumbles to get to his feet, Sam grabbing him under the arm when he threatens to fall back again.
“Because he’s an ass and knows it annoys me.”
When he goes to bed later, Dean is certain he can hear the ocean through the open balcony door, and for the first time in a long time he drifts off into a recuperative, dreamless sleep.
“Of course I still want to see it, Dean. And this time it’s our last chance.”
“Benny is on his honeymoon right now, Cas. But I’m also familiar with your car, so I’m pretty sure I’ll be able to assist you as well.”
“Shouldn’t we clean up the mess?”
“Sure, what is it?”
“I can see that,” John said, holding up Gunnar’s driver’s license.
“What? You didn’t tell me Cas was coming to the wedding.” Dean didn’t like this at all.
“No, please, it’s good to see you,” he says. “You weren’t at breakfast.”
“With me?”
Dean squints as he tries to discern ink under Castiel’s shirt until he becomes aware of what he’s doing and gets back to putting on and buttoning up the borrowed shirt, facing the mirror instead.
“Would you like some more tea with rum?” Cas asks.
“No-one was, okay? It was a spur of the moment kinda thing. I was too afraid to tell you over the phone and I didn’t know when I was gonna see you next, so time passed and I never really got a chance to bring it up.”
They should talk, Dean knows, but he doesn’t want to talk. He just wants to lose himself into Cas’s arms and never wake up from this dream. Because it has to be a dream, right? Too good to be true.
“Alright… So what’s the plan? Besides a greasy breakfast for me.”
“Alright, then let’s go,” Dean said and luckily it only took him a minute to find their coats under the big pile next to the door.
“I don’t think that won’t be necessary anymore,” Cas says.
“Why are you so calm?” she asked. “You should be freaking out like everyone else.”
“I hope at least he’s worth it,” she says with a smirk, “the stranger in his birthday suit.”
Cas pulls back his head to look at him. “Then what about this?” he says, presenting the ring once more.
Cas takes a deep inhale and runs a hand through his hair. “We met a few years ago when I was living in Vienna for some time,” Cas says and sits on the piano bench. Dean also takes a seat at the dinner table. “He was currently working with the Vienna State Ballet and we were introduced by my friend Anna. He was older and I liked the attention he gave me but nothing ever happened and then we went our separate ways again until we both ended up here.”
“Well, we did find rat droppings under the carpeting,” Dean says through gritted teeth.
Meg was genuinely happy to see him and repeatedly told Cas how much she had missed him and that Luke and Ruby had often asked about Uncle Cas while he was gone. Cas was overwhelmed by how much his nephew and niece had grown in the meantime. Ruby would start school this fall and she kept telling him how excited she was and what Disney Princess she wanted to have on all her stuff. Luke had always been the more quiet sibling but Dean got him to talk a little and the sight of it caused a pleasantly warm feeling in Cas’s chest. He also tried not to laugh when Ruby addressed him as ‘Mr. Dean’—this was just too cute.
“Fuck you, Winchester!” Castiel shouts and pushes both hands hard against his shoulders. Dean tumbles backwards and crashes into one of the control panels behind him.
“And?”
“Dean Winchester,” he reintroduces himself.
“Shhh!”
“Why are you telling me this now?” he asks. “Why are you here? Something must have happened. You obviously weren’t arrested, so I guess your cover hasn’t been blown.”
He headed to the bathroom to take a shower. He soaped and rinsed twice to make sure he was thorough enough with the first step of his cleaning process and tried not to think of Dean’s hand on him when he washed at his crotch and thrust down every involuntary mental picture that might have come up at the reminder of skin on skin. He could do this. He could resist the urge to just grab at it and give into the memories from last night.
“You look as motivated as I am,” he told Cas, leaning casually in the passage of his door.
“Let me guess,” Cas says, “you and this Lydia hooked up.”
On their first day, some of them made snide comments about their instructor being a woman. Like, ‘this isn’t sewing class,’ those sorts of things. Pamela shut them up pretty quickly, though. One of them quit after this first day, the others have come around and gotten to realize that they’re lucky to have Pam teach them. And Dean is lucky to have found a friend in her.
“Who?”
“Claire!” Cas scolds but Dean laughs.
“Hey, dad!” he said when he saw John watching the meat getting done.
“Hey, uh, Sammy,” he said and could almost hear Sam rolling his eyes. “Would you mind if I brought someone, too?”
“You sure?” she asked, twizzling one of her dark locks between two fingers.
“Well, for starters, you told me to start over after I blew you in the men’s room and asked me out for dinner. And you insisted on paying!”
“Cas,” she says, “won’t you introduce me to this lovely man of yours?”
“I don’t want to interfere with your family’s business. Emma meeting Sam is important to you and I don’t wanna be in the way. I don’t think I, as an outsider, could be of much help.”
“Yes, I think you’re right,” Gunnar replied as suggestively as Dean had spoken.
After an uncomfortable pause, Cas finally says, “Maybe there was something. But we’re not sure.”
“What are you doing here?”
“Your GED. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Dean, you’re aware that your entire family uses this tub, right?”
Dean has a hard time trying not to laugh and Cas considers having a serious talk with her mother about this Alex girl.
“Yeah, wow,” Jody sighs.
“But, I haven’t had a shower yet,” Cas said.
“I’ll call you when I’m home,” Aaron told him and grabbed him by the back of his head, pulling him in for a kiss. Dean tried to kiss back for a second before shoving Aaron out the door.
“Yeah, I’ll do the same,” Cas said and left Dean his privacy.
“No, that was solely my wife’s thing. I’m only supposed to put the images on the website when Linda has picked the ones she wants to use.”
Charlie and Dorothy left a bit early to go through their lectures one last time while the others stayed around a little longer, talking about the good old college days.
“Dean, are you sure you’re alright? You sound like you’re getting a cold or something.”
“Won’t your mother be there?”
Dean felt Gunnar’s stubble against his skin—the biggest difference from kissing girls so far. Well, and Gunnar’s mouth was bigger and his thick long tongue was trying to get access and Dean gladly parted his lips and let it slide in.
“No, Dean. You’ve got your own life and I don’t want call you every time the house needs some work. I can take care of it by myself.”
Dean isn’t even listening to the explanations they’re provided with. He doesn’t care what kind of soil this sort likes and how much sun or water it got and what it’s supposed to taste like. How can it taste like cassis or cherry or plum when it’s made out of grapes? But he definitely gets the texture the guy is talking about. His tongue feels furry all of a sudden. Wood—that’s what it tastes like, mainly.
Dean rubs his mouth, thinking. He wanted to be a hero so badly, perhaps this is his chance. “Alright, fine,” he says and gives the stranger’s shoulder a pat. “Come on, buddy. Let the Sheriff get some work done.”
