Heavy rain swept across the sea, a grey swarm of locusts blocking the horizon as they hurtled towards the beach.
John smiled, deciding that this was definitely better than all the previous summers she'd been a part in.
He looked up, and the person grunted something in reply. Mrs Safely smiled at him, before gesturing to a set of shelves just a short way off from where Sherlock was sat. The man nodded his thanks, and disappeared off into the maze of shelves. Sherlock sighed and shuffled back down in his seat, allowing the silent beast to claim him once more.
Violet's face dropped, and Siger glared at the teacher while offering his wife the only comforts he could muster. Opposite them, Mrs Merriweather sighed heavily, pulling off her spectacles and letting them hang around her neck. She leant forwards, lacing her bony fingers together with a desperately sorry look on her face.
“I didn’t want to tell you!” Sherlock yelled. Neither of them gave a second-thought to the slightly startled cab driver in the front. “I didn’t want you to know! Because then you’d feel sorry for me, and I’d be weak, and I couldn’t be who you needed me to be. The moment you found out you lowered your opinion of me. You felt sorry for me. You pitied me. You were careful not to raise your voice and you stopped watching those films with torture. You started tiptoeing around me like I’m some delicate china about to break. Like I’m some damaged thing. I’m not, John. Moriarty and Moriarty’s network didn’t change me. They didn’t change who I am. Yes I have nightmares and yes I should probably see a therapist but that shouldn’t lessen your opinion of me!
He showered, dressed, and once Rosie was awake he loaded her into the baby carriage strapped to his chest and headed to the nearest shop.
“Sherlock.” John shifted his coffee from one hand to the other, and his now free hand rose to Sherlock’s cheek. Their height was equal on the steps, and John smiled at Sherlock as Sherlock tilted his head to the side.
But now, as he stood at his front door, watching his soulmate’s total, unadulterated awe and surprise at possibly the most simplistic deduction Sherlock had ever given, Sherlock knew that John was definitely the man for him.
“I know it’s a lot to take in,” he said after a few moments, crouching down next to Sherlock. “I understand that. I was young when I found out, so it didn’t make an enormous amount of difference to me, but for the adult it can be quite disturbing to realise that the myths and legends were partially true.”
Sherlock’s stomach still churned uncomfortably whenever John looked at him with an expression that wasn’t akin to happiness. He consistently found himself reassessing his actions through fear he had done something to piss John off or upset him once again. He missed the days when he didn’t have to worry about pissing John off, because he knew that, for all Sherlock’s faults, John would recognise that Sherlock would never to anything intentionally malicious towards him.
"You can breath, you know." Sherlock muttered, and the boy's breath ran across Sherlock's hand as he exhaled.
“Let me get you some water,” John mumbled. He put the glass on the table in front of Sherlock and went back to rubbing Sherlock’s back.
“You’ll find somewhere. Let’s be honest, you’ll end up doing a master’s degree or something.” He sipped his coffee. It stung his lips and tongue, somehow incredibly hot and cold at the same time. “Plus, you’ve always got that trust fund to fall back on.”
Part of him was amused at Sherlock’s attempt at small talk, while sitting in a cramped restaurant eating lunch. A larger part of him was on guard, however. Sherlock rarely asked questions without having a serious motive for wanting to know their answer; he usually just deduced the answer without having to ask the question at all.
“You seem to care quite a bit,” John cut in, but his voice was sympathetic and Sherlock was surprised to find that he was smiling. Great. John’s sympathy was exactly what he needed. “And I haven't been dating anyone,” John continued. “Mycroft thought you'd think that. I guess he was right.”
“Yes, that’s because I have caught this wretched virus,” Sherlock snarled. “And I’ll infect you too if you don’t back off now.”
“Oh, yes, it’s been amazing! And Tord has been amazing, too.” She linked arms with the tall blonde man standing next to her, who beamed.
It wasn’t until Sherlock woke again at 5am to a completely silent flat did he realised that his assumptions may not have been entirely stupid.
Curiosity got the better of John and he made his way to the top of the staircase. At the base of it stood Sherlock, and to his enormous surprise, fellow alumni of St Bart’s Hospital Mike Stamford hovered in the doorway.
"Speaking?" She started, and Sherlock slouched further in his chair, tapping his foot idly off of the floor in impatience. "Yes, that's right."
Just like her Dad, Rosie’s brows furrowed at the sudden confusion caused by being hoisted into the air, but she smiled when she recognised the man holding her and made an indistinct grab at his nose.
Behind him, Harry was getting to her feet again, knees blackened by the wet mud. She watched in horror as the wolf took a step towards John.
After all, John had said something about a boss, and while it was possible that he was dating someone else, their displays of affection towards one another indicated otherwise. He was easy enough to read, the soldier. The haircut, growing out now, still retained some of its own military style. He was tense; permanently on guard. Ready for anything to happen and prepared to spring into action. Easy enough to deduce.
But he was going to try to do better. He was. He was going to try and he was going to show Sherlock that he actually didn’t hate him and that he had never really meant to hurt him. Not really. Sherlock had been high and dangerous to everyone in that morgue, including himself. John’s anger had been directed at the wrong person and he knew he was in the wrong and the only thing he could do was apologise.
John stepped out into the January air and was for a moment thankful that he was carrying both his and Sherlock’s coffees, their warmth thawing his hands as though he’d placed them on radiators. White clouds sat heavily across the sky, but it was still a relatively bright day. Earlier than usual for the time of year, snowdrops were sprouting along the grassy verges of the car park and the green stalks of daffodils were popping out of the ground, signaling that winter was soon to be over.
"What am I supposed to be looking at?" John turned to face Sherlock, who rolled her eyes in annoyance. "Sorry, Sherlock, but if I don't know what I'm supposed to be looking at, then I can't..."
She had seen it in Sherlock’s face. Plenty of times. Far too many times considering how little his determination reaped the rewards it had sewn in vain.
“Okay,” John conceded eventually, “I’ll get you a cab back to Baker Street after we’ve picked up Rosie. You look exhausted.”
“Incident at Mall Road, Hammersmith. I know it’s early but we need Sherlock. Bring him over? I can’t say much but he’ll want it. Level 9, I reckon.”
“Oh,” Sherlock reacted automatically, without really thinking. “I thought… actually, it doesn’t matter.”
“Mycroft? What's Mycroft got to do with this any of this?” Sherlock quizzed, growing irritated. Because of course Mycroft was involved somehow. When was he ever not?
“He’s always cared for her,” Mrs Hudson told him one evening as he helped her take out the bins. “But it wasn’t easy for him. But oh, you know.”
“There she is,” John beamed, abandoning the conversation and helping Molly pull Rosie out of the baby carrier.
"There's no cameras in here," he said, entering one of the cubicles and yanking strips of toilet paper out of the holders. The toilet was large and rectangular, with urinals against one side of the wall and cubicles again the other; a few sinks stood at the end closest to the door with posters about how to correctly wash your hands hanging above them. On the opposite side to the sinks stood a blank tiled wall with a small window just touching the ceiling. John watched Sherlock for a moment before deciding to help, although he took to opening up the plastic cases on the walls and stripping down the posters from them.
Harry nodded. “We’ll go home,” she said, and kissed John’s temple. However, as she lifted her head, she caught sight of something, moving about a thicket of trees just beyond the brook. It was barely visible, just a dark mass weaving its way through the tree trunks towards them. She squinted at it, and it squinted back. “Let’s go home,” she whispered to John, kissing his temple and hugging him a little bit tighter. “I don’t like it either.”
“Stop talking,” John ordered, voice muffled by Sherlock’s coat. Sherlock nodded into John’s hair, doing his best to free his arms and enclose them around John.
The staff hadn’t said a word when the wife had walked in to find a very flustered husband sitting at his desk, barely buckling his belt in time while Sherlock hid in the supply closet with a mouthful of cum.
"I left my badge in there." He replied, pointing his index finger at the empty lapel on his chest. He'd removed the badge ages ago, and it was currently sitting comfortably in his pocket, entangled in the white wires of his headphones - rather than on a random surface in the office. But they didn't need to know that.
Harry made to grab him, to pull him back, but John was free and was facing an enormous black wolf. It sat several metres away from them, it’s tail gently thumping the floor. It’s ears were down, and in it’s mouth it held John’s beloved teddy.
"You've mentioned it once or twice," Sherlock replied, ever with the air of ignorance. John rolled her eyes, before planting her lips against Sherlock's and kissing her softly.
"You know it's bloody cold, John," Sherlock whined, unable to shake off the stupid grin that had worked its way onto her face. "Get off me before I throw you in, too."
“We need to,” Sherlock nodded. “We do. I know we do. But this isn’t the time or the place. We have Rosie now.”
Black block capitals were stamped across the top of the horizontal sheet, reading: “Thank you, Sherlock!” And beneath the writing stretched a collage of tiny handprints in different colours, all mashed on top of one another with no coherent order or reason.
"That seems fine to me," offered Siger, gripping his wife's hand tenderly. Violet nodded in agreement, although neither of them looked at the scribble laid down in front of them.
"Yes," Sherlock nodded, but before John had chance to comply Sherlock had turned them both over, and John was screaming as the water pooled down her back. A short way down the path, an elderly hiking couple exchanged disapproving looks.
The wolf placed it down carefully, then stood and took a step backwards, tail still wagging as John crouched to pick up the teddy.
“Here you are,” Mrs Safely said, separating two books with one hand and slotting the new one in between the two of them. Sherlock had grinned excitedly, and that concluded his first introduction to the library. Short and sweet: just the way he liked it.
“And we’re not going to run out of toilet paper,” John said. “And I don’t like that you called me obtuse.”
John would have his gun, and Sherlock would be okay. Because he was always, relatively fine whenever John was around.
He deserved a relationship where he wasn’t posing as the intern whenever the wife appeared, or squatting in a closet willing his erection to die.
Outside the classroom, Sherlock was laying on the floor with his ear pressed to the crack under the door. He felt awful. He was proud of that drawing, too, and had wanted to ask if he could take it home for Redbeard and Mycroft to see. Mycroft would appreciate it, at least. That much he did know.
Sherlock stretched, his bare toes curling against the rug beneath the coffee table. He looked over at John.
Blood trickled from the man’s hairline, down his forehead, and gathered in his eyebrow. From there, the blood seeped down the rest of his face. His nose bled, from both his nostrils and a sharp cut across the ridge of his nose.
“You know, we haven’t discussed your hair yet,” he said, deciding to change the subject. “Is the look permanent or…?”
It was a very rare occasion that Sherlock spoke to someone. It had been such a long time that he hardly remembered the last discussion he'd had. Something about his mother swarmed through his mind through, before vanishing in the place of curiosity for the person conversing with him. His voice was deeper than he remembered it.
Because John saw everything in some shade of grey, the same way everyone saw everything in some shade of grey until they met their soulmate. Soulmates meant colour. Soulmates meant seeing the world more clearly.
I'm really sorry that's taken so long. I've recently started sixth-form, so it's kinda taking me a while to get myself into gear with other stuff, such as writing.
Sherlock had always taken a keen interest in Rosie. He played with her, even as a baby. He read her bedtime stories. Once, when she was very little and Mary was out for the night with her friends, John listened to Sherlock singing her a soft lullaby.
"See that?" Sherlock asked, pointing at a particularly angular pebble. John squinted, and Sherlock pulled her closer by the waist so that their heads were touching. "That one," she sighed, dipping her finger into the water as if it would help.
Sherlock didn't say anything as the pair ran by, but inspected his finger instead. The flame had gone, and Sherlock couldn't help but smile. He rarely got to use his Ability (except for when his parents decided to have a BBQ every now and again and they couldn't get it to get going), so actually getting the chance to use it felt like a weight off his shoulders.
Sherlock leaned into him and rolled backwards, John falling with him as Sherlock’s head came to rest on the window and John pushed him against it.
Rosie grabbed John’s finger and began chewing on it. Slobber dribbled all over it, but John didn’t seem to notice.
“I would prefer not to think about any discussions regarding me and that…twerp,” he paused to cough and tug on his collar, “Now, if we could finally just get on with what I’m here for and stop wasting my precious time I’d be
Most of the game had past whilst Sherlock had unwillingly traipsed his way into his Mind Palace and by the time he resurfaced both Seekers were getting increasingly closer to catching the Snitch.  It was easy to see the exhaustion on the players' faces and it was only then that he realised the sun had long since disappeared behind the horizon. They had been playing for hours. As if it were planned, at the moment that Sherlock focussed his binoculars onto the pair of Seekers skyrocketing around the pitch, one of them leaned forward with just the slightest edge and brushed the ball with the very tips of their fingers. A quick flash of his eyes to the side was enough to assure him that it was the red and gold player that had made the contact. The game was over and Gryffindor had won.
“John and Harry don’t get along. Merlin, no. Never have, not in the whole time I’ve known them. They mostly avoid the other, but when they’re together they’re never anywhere but at each other’s throats.”
know about John,” His words were frantic as they left his tongue and he took a moment to correct himself, “I just want to help, I didn’t mean to-“
. Many students, Sherlock included, had never seen a muggle fight and most seemed to shrink away at the sight, letting out gasps of horror and upset. Even the muggle-born students stared mournfully, not daring to try and step between the bloody engagement.
. She’s bullied him for being ‘perfect’ when it’s obvious he’s riddled with insecurity and, although she’s too blinded by hatred to see, her little brother is just as much a victim of their atrocious home life as she. As a result, John has grown to hate her in return, getting older on his lonesome and missing a sister to save him from the cruel actions of the adults in their lives.
(?), and luckily, he was allowed to practice on Gary’s current broom- a Firebolt. Now he may have had no knowledge of Quidditch, but even he had heard the ramblings of infidels about the splendor of the Firebolt. When he had tried to ask, Watson had simply insisted that he keep the better broom to practice on and that he was attached to his own, no matter how war-torn it may appear.
Maybe, if Sherlock had been better with people and social cues, he wouldn’t be making the choice that he was now- he could only assume that this was a choice that someone with better judgement wouldn’t make. After all, how was he supposed to know the absolute bollocks that went through the average persons’ psyche?
“What do you mean, ‘here we go again’?” Sherlock snipped in response, partial wicked curiosity and partial genuine concern for the boy now receiving quite the lecture beneath them.
. He still felt the wrenching guilt toiling in his stomach- how delightfully human- yet it was perfectly countered by his excitement. Sometimes there was something that felt so right about being so wrong.
“Not sure I’d want to. It’s just how it’s always been. I know that old McGonagall’s been trying to get the pair of them, or at least John, into some kind of counselling for at least a year now. Something to do with home, I think. They stay for Christmas,” Gavin sounded disheartened as he listed off the information that he knew; Sherlock didn’t want to dub him a bad friend, but he had just listed off John Watson’s intimate family problems without a filter. A bit of a bad friend, to be honest, but even Sherlock wasn’t blind to good intent.
“Sherlock,” Everything about the way he spoke was a warning, thunderous and chancy, dancing on a fine line between composure and absolute chaos, “Why would you tell my sister that? I’m not…
“John?” he tried his very best to sound put together, to not let the societal fear creep its way into his voice, “Can I speak to you about…our History of Magic assessment?”
For a while, all they seemed to do was traipse next to each other in heavy silence, not that he minded, he was perfectly happy to reap the rewards of uncomfortable stillness. Without even casting an eye in her direction, he could see the way the cogs whirring within her mind, the tension building in her posture- she was trying to calculate what to say and by doing that, she was working herself into a state. Lucky him.
“Sherlock,” John practically growled,” Sherlock- get off, you ass! I need to talk to the bitch- WITCH-“
“No offense, Holmes, but you don’t exactly seem like the Quidditch type. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you at a game.”
,” John’s snapped out through gritted teeth, reaching forward to grab Sherlock’s robes and slowly tipping out of the open window.
Anyway, it wasn’t like Sherlock needed Grayson to tell him that- it was always useful to have a second opinion. He only missed
Both he and Gary seemed to draw to attention at the way John’s voice faltered off ever so slightly at the end, the soft curse that followed included. It was only with a scan of the field that Sherlock deduced what could be the disturbance to their serenity; a furious looking blonde storming their way across the field at an alarming speed. He had seen that shade before- it could be nobody but John’s sister.
In the hours after their incident, Sherlock did his best to monitor the movements of John around the school, doing everything within his power to ensure the boy didn’t do anything he would regret in the long run. They did, in fact, have History of Magic together that afternoon. It had been downright dreadful to watch John from across the classroom- to study every lifeless breath that stuttered from his lips, to notice the stark red rim that contrasted against the whites of his eyes and the slump of his shoulders as he rested his head against his desk, surely fighting off another heaving sob. Never before had he seen a living breathing person so devoid of any positive emotion- and that was saying something.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock questioned innocently, knowing all too well the turn these conversations tended to favor. “Depends how often you read the papers.”
The pair jostled on the floor, throwing vicious punches at every inch of body available, taking turns to swipe away the blood that was now flowing freely from the noses and mouths of both parties. Even in the thick fog that seemed to have gathered around Sherlock’s brain, prohibiting any movement, he heard the scream that rang out as Harry seized a plate off of the bench and smashed it over the top of her brother’s head, crimson mixing within the strands of blond. He was quick to get his revenge, however, banging Harry’s head savagely against the bench in return. They bore almost identical looks of grim determination as they scrapped, pushing and pulling back and forth, each returning punches with enthusiastic vigor. It quickly became unclear if more blood was being spilled, there was so much drenching the front of their white uniforms that there was no way to distinguish any kind of progression. It appeared that John was winning, Harry beginning to falter with every relentless blow.
but did you miss the part where your dad punched him too, or?” Sherlock added, sure to engulf it in layers of spite.
That brought a smile to the other boy’s rosy cheeks, something he didn’t think he should be so proud of,
They had long since abandoned the idea of meeting on the field in the now enclosing darkness, instead opting to meet outside the Room of Requirement after last period and go from there. They couldn’t practice until night fell, a phenomenon occurring earlier and earlier each day as autumn drew to a close, so it was no trouble for either of them to converse in the time they had whilst the sun bled orange over the skyline.
Finally, the groan of the painting opening snapped him back to consciousness and he, as suspected, was met with the sleep-riddled yet still accusatory glare of a certain John Hamish Watson who had obviously just woken up, eaten a chocolate frog in a rush and worn his shirt from the previous day. He looked
The rest of the school sat awestruck at such a display of violence. It was a rarity that fights broke out and even then, Hogwarts was a school of
“Yeah, yeah,” Despite having only been in her presence for seconds, John already sounded drained to the core, “I’m coming. Calm it, Harry.”
” McGonagall’s appalled voice rang out through the window and Sherlock felt John freeze under his grasp, suppressing a giggle at the sight that the poor Professor must have been met with.
Despite being prideful to a point of arrogance, Sherlock knew when to give people (ones he cared about anyway) a few seconds to regain their composure; he concluded that this was probably one of those situations. He waited exactly 120 seconds before he turned the corner to meet his counterparts eyes, relived to see that the punch had seemingly drained at least some anger from his features. However, there was an unmistakable fire to his eyes that burned cold from even a distance away and upon close inspection there was a vibrant bruising dancing across his knuckles.
It was only when he was making his way from Arithmancy slightly early (he finished the work and his professors had long since stopped trying to prevent him from leaving class) that he stumbled upon something that he was quite sure he wasn’t supposed to. He was a Ravenclaw for a reason, and despite what most would consider ‘better judgement’, he paused around the corner with the intent of listening in on whatever interesting conversation was going on between a student and a teacher, he assumed. There was no such thing as too much knowledge.
Sherlock only grimaced and rocked under the stream of water in reply, his hips aching and spine threatening to split as wave after wave of tension swept through his body. When the chill finally left his bones and John shut off the water to towel them both dry, Sherlock stopped and gripped John's arms, looking him in the eye.
John wants desperately to gather him up and hold him. He needs to hold something he loves, or he’s going to shake apart into a thousand disparate pieces of almost-father.
“Don’t know why,” John said, wrinkling his nose and making a face. “Smelly, smelly feet our Soren has.”
Sherlock gathers every last scrap of pain in his being, every ounce of grief and fear, every bit of him that went into making both of his daughters, and bears down.
“She knew,” John says, and his own voice is thick with tears. He rubs Sherlock’s trembling back and nods as he rocks back and forth. “She—Violet—she knew you loved her. She fought so hard to be with us.”
John shushed him gently and finally gave him what he was looking for, taking Sherlock’s cock in his hand and stroking it long and firm and slow. His first stroke drew a long moan from Sherlock’s throat and he went limp in the bed, staring up at the ceiling, chest heaving. John felt his full-body shudder when he bent down and took the head of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth, still stroking his shaft while sucking at the head of it. It didn’t take long for Sherlock to shiver from head to toe and spill into John’s mouth, sighing his name as his cock pulsed in John’s hand.
inside. John should have known, did know, just hadn’t thought about it - but god, whether it was the lack of preparation or the weight and size of the babies or both, he was tighter than John could remember him being. He groaned and bit down on Sherlock’s shoulder just hard enough to leave indentations from his teeth, distracting himself from the vise grip Sherlock’s body had around his cock as he pushed in bit by bit until he was fully seated. Sherlock was already out of breath when John’s hips pressed against his arse, and John hadn’t even moved.
“Tomorrow is Christmas Eve, and they won’t be open. We’ll have to order take-home portions tonight.” He paused to chew and swallow, and then smiled. “And I
“Oh my god,” he breathed, tears streaking his hot cheeks. He stared at the ceiling and touched their daughter’s head. He was very still until another contraction came and he pushed again, letting himself shout again as the burning pain got worse and worse until it peaked and then subsided, and the hand that had been brushing his daughter’s head now cradled it. He looked at John with awe and worry, his fingers fumbling, until John reached down and breathed a sigh of relief and said, “No cord. Keep pushing, she is - god, Sherlock, she is
Tenderly, John took Sherlock by the hips and lifted him. Sherlock tried to help, but his muscles had given up. He held the baby as steady as he could while John manipulated him into something of a controlled collapse, and he held back his noise of pain as John stretched his legs out into place. Tess burbled sleepily against his chest, and he tried to focus on her while John did his work to settle Sherlock into place.
“So is this it, then? Are you two finally going to make me a mum?” he asked his belly, dragging a finger up from his navel as the weak spasm skittered from his back around to the front of his belly, gripping weakly for twenty seconds before ebbing away. “It sure feels like it. Perhaps I should walk around some, see if I can get those pesky contractions to get a bit stronger.” He was considering putting on his shoes and sneaking outside when he felt something dampen the seat of his trousers. He frowned. Not his waters, surely not yet…
“It’s a boy,” she said, looking up at her mother with tired but bright eyes. The new baby in her arms fussed a little, and she rocked him until he quieted again. “We haven’t decided on a name, yet. He’s perfect, mum,” she said, a tear shining in the corner of her eye.
“Not yet.” Sherlock knew he was close, knew it was almost time, but the urge wasn’t there yet. Another contraction grabbed him and pulled him down, and he cried out with pain. It released after a minute of unbearable pressure, and he coughed out John’s name.
"Yes you can!" John encouraged, crawling across the mattress to rub his mate's back and thighs. "You can do it, you have to. Your baby needs you to."
Sherlock thought for a moment. “I’d like to watch you come apart at the sight of me stuffed with food,” he said, genuine. “A late Christmas gift to you.”
“Oh god,” Sherlock breathed, slumping forward a little when the simultaneous contraction and orgasm ended. John found his hand and helped support him, still trying to process what had just happened. He’d never seen something like that before. Had never heard of it either.
The contractions came quicker and quicker, each one pulling at Sherlock’s worn body until he felt ragged at the edges. Finally, he felt a release of pressure like a rubber band snapping and felt his thighs soak with warm fluid. “Waters,” he rasped, gasping as he held onto the headboard.
Sherlock tried to busy himself, but was too distracted by the embers burning in his veins to concentrate on anything. He finally gave up and sat in his chair, editing a manuscript for a book on bee colonies that he’d been idly writing. Every few minutes he had to stop himself squirming and re-focus on the manuscript, but damn it, he had better things to do than indulge a faux post-andropausal heat.
“Sweet girl,” Sherlock murmured, his tremors quieting as the last vestiges of orgasm ebbed away. “Beautiful girl, lovely girl. Hello, hello.” He brushed a finger over her cheek and smiled down at her, a bead of sweat dripping from his nose onto the newborn’s chest. Her cries quieted little by little, finally becoming occasional whimpers.
Sherlock was halfway between the kitchen and his chair when he stopped short. Looking slightly alarmed, he laid his hands on both sides of his belly, sliding his palms up and down. John watched, and his heart rate picked up. “Erm…”
John blinks at Sherlock and firmly, resolutely, does not think about the baby laying in the dark and the cold in the hospital morgue being here, with them, resting in Sherlock’s arms, snuffling quietly in her sleep. “I’ll just...handle it.”
“I bet she’ll come soon,” John said, tracing the line of one stretch mark lightly with the pad of his index finger. He laid the flat of his hand on the hard curve of Sherlock’s belly, feeling the outline of - “What’s this bit, here?” he asked, poking.
John cut him off with another kiss, this time to the corner of his mouth. “But you know I never feel that way. I’ll take care of you.” He squeezed Sherlock’s side again and held him close, brushing one more kiss to his jawline.
Above him, tears dripped from the corners of Sherlock's eyes. He was going to be a father, too. And though the thought was overwhelming, now, he thought, it just might work out.
“Heh. I suppose this makes you an even bigger bloody cat than I already made fun of you for.” Sherlock just tipped his head to get a better angle for scratches.
John looks at his husband, supine and near catatonic. Normally, he'd tell Mycroft where he could put his moment. Normally, he’s the last person Sherlock needs. But what with...everything, and how Sherlock's been...the way he's been, John’s willing to give nearly anything a try.
“In my defense, I’d never had a baby before, and I’d had enough false alarms that I didn’t want to say anything for fear of being wrong
Sherlock pulled a face. “I know,” he said, a moue of unhappiness briefly curling his mouth. “Do it.”
Letting out a long sigh through his nose, Sherlock leaned back on the sofa. “I can’t wait for him to get here, either.” He ran one hand over his swollen bump. He wasn’t due for another week - well, six days - but it would be a welcome feeling when labour started. The baby he carried within him was heavy and restless. “Alright. It’s movie night. Soren, get us started.” He urged their son off the sofa to choose a film, and smiled when John slid closer and insinuated an arm behind his back. “Hello there,” he murmured, turning his head to kiss John’s forehead.
“If that’s what’s most comfortable, yes,” Sherlock said, rolling onto his side. “That part we will have to play by ear, so to speak.” He drew in a deep breath and exhaled slowly through his nose, pushing a hand through his thick hair. “I want a shower,” he proclaimed at last. “It might feel good but I’m still stiff and sore. And standing up will move things along.” He held out his arms for John, and the alpha pulled him upright and helped him off the bed.
It became part of John's daily routine to take Gladstone out every day after his feeding, but one day Sherlock met him at the pen with an electric cord and some sort of handheld machine. "Sherlock?" John asked, but Sherlock simply told him to halter the calf and restrain him.
Sherlock's body answered for him, his muscles going tight and moving his baby further into his birth canal. Sherlock roared and gave into the need to push, his back arching and toes digging into the sheets as he strained. John laid tentative fingers on Sherlock's hole, stretching the skin in preparation for the oncoming baby. "That's it, love, work with your body. You can do this."
John ran a hand through his hair and looked worried. “I’m not sure it’s driveable out there,” he said. “We got a
“Yeah, I sort of figured. The last time you vomited was when you were still having morning sickness. Nausea sometimes comes along with the onset of labor.” John paused, and took a deep breath. “Which is to say, it seems like we’re having a baby.”
"Yeah, sure, no problem." John pulled the satchel from Sherlock's back gently, and rooted around in its depths until he came up with a slightly warm cheese sandwich. "Here. Eat slowly, I don't want you getting sick up here."
John looked him up and down. There was a definite curve to his middle, highlighted by the slight tug of his shirt fabric along the column of buttons. The lowest one even gaped a little. The waistband of his trousers pulled wrinkles into his tucked shirt and bowed forward just enough to whisper ‘there’s something here that usually isn’t.’ John found himself smiling and couldn’t bring himself to stop. “Yeah, love,” he said, grinning. “You look just a little pregnant.”
"This is Marjorie and this is Agnes. Names were not my choosing," Sherlock said with a sneer, and pointed to the two brown spotted cows standing happily in the cow stable, chewing their cuds. "They have to be fed and milked twice daily."
Upright, Sherlock found the pain was worse than he’d thought. His whole middle seemed to be a jumble of sore muscles bunched up from the cold and stiffness. He shuddered and held back a quiet cry as he tried to step down from the carriage, his hips grinding painfully. He half-fell to the ground, uncoordinated and slow. “Slowly,” he said thickly. “I’m in - pain.”
“You look full,” John agreed, putting another piece of lasagna on his plate. “Eat this one, and we’ll see how you feel after.”
Instead, a rough hand pushes him from his side onto his back. John blinks his eyes open, startled, but he in the darkness he can’t make out much more than silhouettes. Sherlock climbs onto the bed, straddles John’s waist, leans down, and claims his mouth with a hard kiss.
Before Sherlock’s state forced them into temporary leave, John had written up a number of cases he had never posted before. He had a decent dozen or so, and figured he could put one up every couple of weeks, for the folks who weren’t interested in the baby pictures they were liable to be flooded with. Now, at the very least, they’d have something to read while they speculated about what had happened, and where Sherlock Holmes had gone.
“Beautiful,” John repeated, that earnest, open smile on his face, and tipped his chin up to catch Sherlock’s mouth in a kiss. Sherlock could taste that smile - it was the best kind of John-kiss to get, one where he was smiling so wide that the corners of his mouth couldn’t reach Sherlock’s lips.
"I did get you a Christmas gift, you arse, but I don't know if I'm going to give it to you now," John grumbled, as Sherlock nearly howled with mirth on the sofa.
He woke some time later to the unpleasant but now familiar feeling of a wetness between his thighs. “I’ve pissed myself again,” he snapped, angry and frustrated when John awoke and made a questioning noise. He struggled to his feet, stood for a single, wobbling second and then almost collapsed onto the bed again. John had scrambled off the bed, throwing back the sheets and turning on a lamp.
They ate the stuffing the same way they’d done the potatoes - bite by bite, one after the other. John’s will was flagging, it was clear. Sherlock actually felt nauseous for a long moment and he had to stop and chew very, very slowly until the feeling passed. He looked down at his stomach and moaned. His poor, aching belly was rounder than it had ever been and was hot to the touch. “Just the cranberry sauce left,” he said, spreading his legs and leaning backward, his belly sticking up into the air.
“You should drink your soda,” John suggested, kneading the tight skin of Sherlock’s lower belly and giving him another few seconds of cream. “I got you a straw.” Sherlock twisted his head and saw the can there, open, with the straw inside. He looked back down at himself, at his bloated, full middle, and he ran a hand down his body, fingers prodding at his tight skin, cupping the curve of his stomach. He nodded, scratched at his full belly for a moment, and then reached up for the can.
“Only you would go into labor when we’re on holiday, on Christmas Day to boot.” John dropped a tea bag in each mug as the water started to boil.
John handed him a mug of steeping tea. “You’re going to drink that, and we’re going to go back to bed, and I’m going to time your bloody back pains until we decide if the thing that isn’t happening is actually happening.” Sherlock wearily agreed and took his tea.
" Sherlock cried, rolling onto his side and pulling his legs shut and close to his body. "Hurts so bad, I can't do it."
Sherlock broke the silence. "Come on, then. Victor's gone ahead, it's not long now." He put his hands back in his pockets and trudged down the slope.
Bless John, for he must have known Sherlock was feeling something. He lowered himself into the chair at Sherlock’s side, sliding his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulling him ever so slightly to rest against the curve of his body. He sat, and they breathed together. In, out. In. Out. “You miss it,” John said at long last, his words vibrating across Sherlock’s back.
“My feet are tingling,” Sherlock said, looking down as if to stare at them, despite the belly in the way.
Sherlock looks up at John and blinks. His eyes are red, but John doesn’t dare think he was crying. He isn’t sure Sherlock has the emotional capacity to cry.
Cameron looked up from Joanna’s bedside when they came in, and Sherlock recognized the look on his face - it was the same one John had sported when Joanna was born. Worry and nervousness and excitement and relief and awe. John took a few steps and clapped Cameron on the shoulder, hugging their son-in-law tight. Sherlock went to Joanna and, heart full, looked down at the bundle in her arms.
“Of course we can eat it,” John said, rolling his eyes. “That’s why we’re taking it home. To eat it.”
Sherlock could hardly walk the twelve feet from the hallway to the tub. Climbing inside was an even bigger battle. The baby’s head was so low in his pelvis that lifting each leg to get into the tub made his hips grind tight in their sockets, sending ribbons of pain up Sherlock’s spine and down his thighs. He sank into the hot water with a long groan of relief and pressed his legs tight against the walls of the tub. Somehow, the pressure of that relieved some of the pressure in his pelvis, and he kept the position to let his body open, to let their daughter through.
Sherlock swallowed another bite of cake, and drank the milk, and then - the sound of the fork resting on the plate, and the glass being set on the table. “Am I done?” Sherlock asked, and John said “Yes.”
The room was dimly-lit and quiet when Sherlock and John walked in. They had gotten the call a few hours ago, but the hospital was several hours’ drive from their home in Sussex, and by the time they’d arrived, all the excitement and fuss was over.
“I’m going to stick a few of these in the oven to re-heat,” John said, unloading a few pans from the coolers. “Are you sure you want to heat all of it up? I mean --“
The more they walked, in what Sherlock was sure would be described as a 'companionable silence', the more Sherlock questioned the man's motives. Could it really be that simple, that he was just a passing traveller who had seen an ad for farm work and decided it would be an okay job? Utter nonsense.
Sherlock, despite his pain, managed a breathless smile. “Give her to me,” he panted, “the second she’s born.” John nodded in hasty agreement and kneaded Sherlock’s shoulder roughly, urging his husband to work just a little more, so that they could finally,
“Don’t you mind me,” Sherlock said wetly, holding James close to his heart and swallowing the ball of emotion in his throat. “I’m just an old, silly man. I’m a grandparent, I’m allowed to cry.” John had a strong arm around his waist, holding him close. “Here. Take him for a moment,” he said to John, handing James over carefully before retreating a few steps to pull a handkerchief from his pocket and dab at his eyes and nose.
Time slipped away from Sherlock as he squatted on the bed, breathing deeply through contraction after contraction that tore at his strength and stamina. At one point he heard Cara’s soft voice near him, and John’s quiet reply. He felt a butterfly-soft kiss on his cheek and turned his head, opening bleary eyes. Cara was there, concern written on every inch of her face. Sherlock tried to smile, and reached out with one hand to brush through her curls, to comfort her. “Okay, love. Mummy’s okay.”
He heard a smattering of excited but quiet voices through the closed door after John left, and looked down at Tess. She was half asleep, moving her arms and legs slowly and making quiet smacking noises. “Hello, my baby,” he murmured, lifting her up to smell her and kiss her tiny cheeks and forehead. “Hello, my Tess. You came to meet us at last.” She responded by making a little noise, and Sherlock’s heart ached.
Sherlock awoke at just past eight in the morning, two days after his official due date. He immediately ran - if one could call the quickest waddle he could manage a ‘run’ - to the bathroom and vomited his dinner from the night before, and then dissolved into tears on the bathroom floor. John raced after him and bundled him into the shower, soothing his stomach with a bath of warm water and dim lights.
The hot water did ease his pain, but not enough. He stayed in only long enough for the bubbles to dissipate before he was itching to get out again, to do anything to try and relieve the tightness in his lower back. John dried him and dressed him and led him to the bed. Sherlock got in without complaint, and fell asleep.
“Tessy will be here very soon,” Sherlock said, hoping he was right. “A few more days, Cara. You’re going to be a big sister.”
And that had been the end of the conversation. Sherlock had fed the chickens, John had showered and changed into pyjamas, and both men went their separate ways for the evening. And now John sat on his bed in the box stall, thoughts spinning in his head.
"What? I mean, how…I was in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, but I got a bullet through the shoulder a few months ago - how did you know?"
Sherlock estimated he had another four weeks to go. His belly was round and full with their kittens, which twisted and tumbled inside him at all hours of the day. John could feel them now, which only made things more confusing. Were those hands? Feet? Paws? Tails? Neither John or Sherlock could tell, and neither could count the number of bodies that rolled around in Sherlock’s belly.
John plucked at Sherlock’s nipple, earning a little whine and halfhearted jerk of Sherlock’s hips. “Good,” he murmured, kissing the top of Sherlock’s head. “Keep going, then.”
Sherlock huffed and crossed his arms. "What makes you so sure it's a him?" He inquired, looking haughty.
There was no relief from his discomfort. What he’d hoped would release some of the strain had only added to it, and now he had no support to keep his back from jarring at any of the subsequent potholes and loose bricks the carriage trundled across. The pain in his back was only growing worse the closer they got to their home on Baker Street. With a frustrated cry he urged the horse to go faster, needing the warmth of their home, the freedom from constricting clothes and his soft mattress for relief from this ache.
Later, curled around each other in the twilight of pre-sleep, John murmurs, “I love you. Enough for Violet and me both.”
Mike Stamford was there, and Mrs. Hudson brought up the rear, also bringing up a cake she’d made just for the occasion. It was cherry chip and pink in the middle, frosted pink with delicate piping on the edges. Sherlock ate a very, very small portion of his dinner in order to have as much cake as he could fit.
"These eggs are unfertilised, the hens aren't in season yet. Early spring, we'll turn the cockerel out and let him have his way with the hens, and they'll start to nest. We'll raise them and butcher them, and then freeze most to use throughout the year. Reach under the nesting hens - carefully, they do bite - and draw out the eggs. Slowly and easily, just like that. Don't push the hen out of the way. She won't take kindly to it. There. Try that one, she's usually fine." Sherlock deposited his eggs in the basket on his arm, and pointed to a sleepy-looking hen in the next cubby over.
“It’s not real,” Sherlock said, and damn the tremble in his voice. “You’ll still have to - I’m not actually.”
He brings a hot compress—a pillowcase folded in quarters and filled with rice and a little bit of chamomile leaf tea, and microwaved until it was warm—to Sherlock and set it down on the couch. Sherlock looks up at him dully, eyes glazed over, and doesn’t say a word, doesn’t move, as John lifts his shirt. He can tell right away that the binding is too tight. But he doesn’t want to press too far, so he just takes the compress and lays it over Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock hisses, but doesn’t protest, and lets John lower his shirt to hold it in place.
of you?" he snarls. He climbs off the bed, snatches his shirt up off the floor, and pulls it on. "Why can't you just—
As Sherlock reached his last week of pregnancy, from their calculations, his body started to prepare. His belly hung low and full, fur sparse as skin stretched over the kittens that were almost full-size. He only ever moved to eat, drink, or use the litter box, and even those tasks seemed like a strain. John figured he’d go into labour any day, and officially took his leave from the clinic.
“You can,” John said again. “I’ve got her, Sherlock, got her head and her shoulders are right there, no cord, push again and she’ll be here, I promise.” John’s voice was wet and a little reedy, and Sherlock knew he was crying. He drew in a shallow rattling breath and pushed again.
The world gradually narrowed down to Sherlock’s body, shutting out all the noise and atmosphere around him. All that he knew was the pull, the pain, the ache, and John’s voice and hands on him. He bit out his mate’s name as a fierce contraction dragged him down, and he was barely able to cling onto John’s shoulders. “Got you,” came John’s voice in his ear, and strong arms under his shoulders holding him up.
The instant he stood up, he realized what it was. The baby’s head, which was already far enough inside his body that he hadn’t been able to feel it for a few weeks, was now even deeper inside him, pressing heavily against the exit of his womb. He felt it as a dull ache, a deep pressure, one that made him want to bear down in a squat to relieve the feeling. As he stood and acclimatized to the feeling, the ache seemed to settle into something less urgent, but he felt different now, like somehow this change had been the last thing his body needed to do before the baby could come.
“That is a beautiful belly you’ve made there, love,” John praised, putting his hand where Sherlock’s was. His fingers prodded gently at Sherlock’s stomach, finding very little resistance. “So much pressure, hmm? What do you think, do you like that?”
“Tess is saying hello,” Sherlock told their daughter, a few light kicks drumming against his left side. “Hello, big sister Cara. Hello out there.”
“Here she is,” John said, standing up and moving and laying the squalling thing in Sherlock’s arms. “Healthy and hale as a horse, ten fingers and ten toes. You’ve borne us a daughter,” he smiled.
Bite by bite, that piece disappeared too, and then a smaller one after it. Sherlock felt replete, bigger and heavier than he’d ever been before. His stomach was hot to the touch and jutting out further than he thought it could. Blue veins seemed to be pushed toward the surface, as if straining to cover the excess he’d consumed.
“She’s got you for a mum. She’s bound to be silly,” John said, lowering his paper and watching Sherlock’s little game with the baby. “I was thinking we might go somewhere for a weekend. One last getaway before we become slaves to the will of a newborn Holmes child.”
John stood up behind Sherlock, rubbing his side through the contraction. “You’re doing well,” he murmured, his left hand kneading Sherlock’s back while the right patted and soothed. “She’s on her way. She’ll be here soon.”
He pushes, pushes, and breathes. Push, push, breathe. He is splitting, he will crack in two down the middle from the inconceivable pressure—push, push,
Sherlock smiles. He is incredible, and John is incredible, and they have, no doubt, an unbelievably incredible child to meet, if Sherlock can
“I did call to make an inquiry,” John admitted, barely stifling a shamed grin. “They had an opening for next weekend, if we book quickly.”
John set Cara down and let the toddler shuffle over to the sofa. She climbed up onto it with ease and put a soft hand on Sherlock’s belly, patting it. “Mornin’, Tess,” she said happily, leaning over to give the bump an exaggerated kiss.
The head finally came free, face down and reddened. "Good, Sherlock, oh my god, your baby's coming out. Look at that," John breathed, and moved Sherlock's hand down to touch his baby's head. He looked up to see the man with tears streaming down his face, eyes shut tight against sensation and emotion. "You're doing so good, not long now. Keep going, my love, my sun and stars. You can do it."
The water was running cold now, and the contractions were strong and regular and close together. Sherlock was rosy-cheeked and looking well-fucked, rubbing his belly intently as he turned the shower off. His legs were trembling a little and he gave John a shaky laugh as he stepped carefully out of the shower. “It’s very good,” he said, rubbing the lower part of his belly and barely suppressing a shiver.
Sherlock put one hand on his aching belly and stood in front of the mirror. Facing the front at first, he could tell how full he was - his stomach was pouting, his pants slung low between the overfull curve of it and barely clinging to his bony hips. The shadow on the underside of his belly was unusually pronounced, thanks to the amount of food John had stuffed him with. As he straightened up - slowly, and with noises of pain and discomfort, he could see the strain his body was under.
A passing waitress gave him a warm smile and gestured to a coat rack where other dripping garments hung, and he smiled back and nodded thankfully as he hoisted his drenched coat and hung it on an empty hook.
Sherlock leaned close to the big beast, murmuring softly and patting her flank for a few seconds and then sliding a hand down her full udder and gently pulling on one teat. "Good girl," he crooned, and slid another hand down so he could work with two teats at once.
"Yeah," John breathed, and laid his hands on Sherlock's exposed belly. "I think we will. I can hardly wait."
“I am not,” Sherlock scoffed, but his cheeks colored in a blush anyway. His expression softened into a smile and he put his hands on John’s, holding his belly for a few moments. “I’m ready to meet her,” he said, and John nodded.
“This is Tess,” Sherlock said, nodding. “She came to meet us, finally. What do you think?” he asked her, shifting so she could see more of the baby’s face.
. “I know you want to forget it ever happened. You want to wear your old clothes and do your old job and burn her clothes and ruin the nursery, like if you do enough damage maybe it’ll all go away.
He watched himself in the mirror as he drank. To his horror, his belly started to cramp and ripple after the first few sips, and the line that defined where his skin stretched to accommodate his crammed stomach became even more pronounced. He let out a sob, trembling, and kept drinking.
“Yeah. Me too.” John looked up as Soren put a DVD in the player and searched for the ‘play’ button. “Want you, just one last time tonight. Feel up for it?”
“I know,” Sherlock said, his arm over John’s waist, an anchor. “We made her, after all. She didn’t turn out all too badly. I’d call it a success. Now we’re the ones who get to do the spoiling,” he said, remembering how badly his own mother and father had spoiled Joanna when they came to visit.
“It’s a girl,” the doctor told them, pausing the wavering image so that John and Sherlock could see. “Congratulations. You’re having a daughter.”
Sherlock was happy. It took a few days of ignoring the emptiness between his hips for him to feel normal again, but by the time Joanna and Cameron arrived that weekend, Sherlock betrayed no sign of his breakdown. She was pregnant, of course she was, just gone ten weeks and wanted to tell you first, and she was glowing. As she and Cameron sat hand-in-hand on the couch, telling John all the details of their obstetrician’s appointment, Sherlock tried not to see himself in her. He did not succeed. She had always been his shadow.
“I’m fine, lovie,” he said, prying an eye open to look at her and then inhaling deeply when the spasm released. “Look, see, all fine.” He let John bolster him up and he leaned heavily against him, more winded than he’d been when he first sat down.
"I just can't quite…suss you out. It's infuriating." Sherlock looked vaguely frustrated, which made John even more confused.
“Do you hate the names?” John asked, pulling back and swiping tears from his eyes. “I’m sorry if you do, we can change them. I wanted to find something that fit, but I couldn’t really get your input.”
The movement resulted in another contraction jolting Sherlock back into focus. He said as much to John and the doctor moved up the bed to rub at Sherlock’s belly, encouraging the uterus to expel the afterbirth. Sherlock bit back more noises of discomfort as little contractions rolled through his middle, and he gave two weak pushes that brought the placenta forward and out. John rubbed his belly for a few more minutes until he felt Sherlock’s womb contract and stay hard, quelling the bleeding. He gathered the placenta and the worst of the soiled towels and put them into a bag, setting them aside.
Sherlock let him go on for awhile, until his feet and ankles were tingling and felt less numb and swollen than they had before. “There are other things we can do in a bed that’s not ours,” he said mildly, pulling one leg up the bed and letting it fall to the side, knee bent, framing his belly.
The Omega had just gotten nude for the first time in weeks. He was taking a few minutes to look at himself in the mirror, and part of him was amazed that John still wanted him when he looked like this. A belly full and round with their second son, breasts heavy and sagging even more than they had during his first pregnancy. He ran his fingers over some deep stretch marks that had sprouted on his belly.
"I am going to need your help," he ground out, legs shaking as a contraction rippled through his belly. "I need you with me."
“I’m sure in a year we’ll look back at this and wonder why in the hell we did it,” Sherlock agreed, and looked at John, and they both started laughing until they had to sit down to catch their breaths.
His 38-week appointment also resulted in no induction, though the doctor considered it for longer than she had last time. “Maybe next week, if she’s not here by then,” she’d said. Sherlock hadn’t yet dilated or effaced, but Tess had grown even larger.
"Sure he does. No risk of an unwanted pregnancy," Sherlock said flatly, and John stopped dead in his tracks.
Sherlock is standing in the middle of the room, looming over a small fire over the carpet. There are scorch marks on the floor, on the white-painted dresser, on the walls.
“Hot water should be built back up by the time you’re ready to push,” John said, nodding in agreement. “Things will keep moving faster if you’re up walking, though.”
John chokes back a sob, resists the urge to slap Sherlock, to grab his shoulders and shake him until he’s got sense again, rises clumsily to his feet and leaves the bathroom, unable to hold back the hot tears that run down his cheeks.
Sherlock stood under the spray until the hot water started to run out. Blessedly, he’d had about forty minutes of relief from the shower. “I think I want to have her in the tub,” he said, gesturing to the claw-footed tub on the other side of the bath. “The water helped. And it’ll be easier to clean a tub than anywhere else in the house.”
John, sensing a challenge, cut himself a slice and then picked up his glass of water, drinking half of it. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and did the same, then took a forkful of the cake and ate it. His stomach churned and ached and he had to force himself to swallow, but he did so, and took another bite.
Sherlock turned his head slightly and John saw a hint of a grin in the dimple of Sherlock's cheek. "Milk letdown is caused by a release of oxytocin in the blood stream, relaxing the sphincter muscle of the teat and allowing milk to flow from the various glands down through the cisterns and out the streak canal. Be soothing, gentle, and confident, and you should be fine. Your stool is over there," Sherlock pointed to what appeared to be a pile of stray lumber. "The T one. It's not as comfortable as mine, but you'll be using this one before long." And with that, the lesson was concluded. Sherlock continued to milk in silence.
“John,” Sherlock repeated, trembling and pushing again. He clutched John’s upper arms and bore down with all his strength. He dropped inelegantly to his knees and spread his legs further, quelling the shaking in his limbs and channeling all his strength into pushing.
The door opened and John came in, letting out a little laughing breath as he saw Sherlock standing in front of the mirror. Sherlock grinned shyly and rubbed the upper crest of his belly, turning to face John.
“I’ve got you, I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere, love, you’ve got me right here for you. It’s alright.” He kissed Sherlock’s damp, sweaty forehead and brushed his wet curls back.
John laughed and ran his hand up Sherlock’s side again. He loved seeing his husband like this - so much more of him to touch and hold, and all of it soft and warm and smooth. “Having babies looks so good on you,” he said softly, feeling a rippling movement echo beneath his fingers.
It was, indeed, time. Two hours later and Sherlock’s contractions had gotten steadily closer, longer and stronger, and some of the joy had worn off and been replaced by discomfort and pain. He’d forgotten how awful it felt to have a head pressing insistently on his cervix, and how the constant rippling spasms made him nauseous. Nevertheless, as they got ready to leave for the birthing centre, Sherlock got down on his knees and hugged Soren close. “I’ll be home soon,” he assured his son, breathing in the little boy’s unique smell.
“Yes, but then you had another meal, Sherlock. Another meal deserves another dessert. I’ve got you a nice big slice of chocolate cake, I picked it up earlier today just for this. You don’t want to let it go to waste, do you?” John asked, bringing the plate back over to the table and setting it down in Sherlock’s line of sight.
Sherlock did as he was told, with John stuffing pillows behind his back and shoulders to elevate him. They rucked his stained gown up over his knees and John retreated once more to wash his hands, returning as another contraction petered out. He slid onto the bed between Sherlock’s spread legs, pushing his hand into Sherlock’s body and murmuring a small comfort as he did so. He withdrew after a moment, wiping his hand on a towel. “You’re ready,” he said, his voice shaky. “The baby is coming. When you feel the need, bear down. Don’t hold your breath, but push as hard as you can. I’ll tell you when you need to stop.”
John leaned his chair so it was resting on its back two legs. "Farm chores, from my understanding. Unless your advertisement was a coded message for, I don't know, used piano wire or something."
It didn’t take more than a few minutes of fucking Sherlock’s tits for John to come, frozen in place as his cock painted Sherlock’s chest and neck with hot ropes of come. He grunted inelegantly as he finished, but stayed put for a little while, watching some of it drip down Sherlock’s throat. “Fuck, that’s hot,” he said, bending double to kiss Sherlock.
The serval largely goes clothes-less as the days go by. John can’t say he blames him - it’s hard enough finding clothes that accommodate his tail, and it’s impossible to find any that accommodate a growing bump.
“We’re going to have a very white Christmas,” Sherlock said, taking off his jeans and shirt and changing into his pajamas.
"The name's Sherlock Holmes, and I'll be in my rooms. See you tomorrow, John." And with that, the man was gone.
on the sofa. The only time he’s not on the sofa is when he’s in the shower. The pipes aren’t running, and the flat isn’t humid. Where else could he be.?
- had her fists balled up and was wailing loudly. “Hey there, you,” John said, his voice tearful as he reached out to touch her face.
He didn’t have to wait long. Sherlock was pushing with a contraction in the space of a minute, letting out a low animalistic grunt as he bore down. John pressed down as instructed, and it seemed to help Sherlock somehow, as his spine curved upward into the pressure.
John returned the favor by taking Sherlock’s elegant hand and kissing the prominent knuckles there. “I’m off tomorrow, so it’ll be a day of rest in bed for you. Mightn’t be a bad idea to take those here and there when you can; Miss Tess is taking it out of you a bit, I think.”
“I hope so,” Sherlock sighed, running his fingers through his hair. “I feel like she’s going to fall out at any moment. I didn’t think I could get more uncomfortable, but here we are.”
"Let's get you in the shower first, love, get you warmed up and then dried off. Better a damp heat than a dry cold." John grimaced in sympathy when Sherlock waddled forward, his belly so impossibly low that it was terribly difficult to walk. Sherlock whimpered when John helped him into the shower stall, rubbing his stomach and gritting his teeth. John slid a hand between Sherlock's legs to see how far along he was, and was unsurprised to find that he was almost fully dilated and effaced. "After you get out, I'll check you again, but I think you'll be ready to push."
Sherlock hummed before beginning to speak. "I was a drug addict. I was given two options: years of rehab, or going to live with my auntie in rural Scotland. I was here just long enough to realise that she was in the last stages of cancer, and she passed just a few weeks after I arrived. I found out I was pregnant just a week after that, and decided to stay here for the time being. No drugs available out here, unlike in London."
John called their midwife and updated her on the onset of Sherlock’s labor. She instructed them to cool their heels as much as possible for now, to keep timing the contractions and not doing anything that would expend much energy. “Other than actively having a baby?” Sherlock snarked once John hung up the phone, nervously pacing across the sitting room.
Back at the bar, John's beer sat happily bubbling in the amber light, and he took a cue from the drink and put a smile on. He was relatively warm, only wet from the waist down, and he was having a pint in a good Scottish pub. Things weren't so bad, if you ignored the past six months.
“I don’t even have any other ideas,” Sherlock admitted. He slid his hand down to cup his bump. “We don’t have to decide for sure. Could be we’ll wake up next week and hate it, and try something else on.”
John reached out with a careful index finger and pushed the baby’s cap up just enough to see the dark wispy hair on his head, and he elbowed Sherlock. “You can’t let anyone have a chance at light hair, can you,” he teased, and Sherlock’s face stretched into a smile. “Jo, he’s beautiful. He looks just like you...just like your mum,” he said, wiping away a tear. Sherlock found himself having to do the same thing.
Sherlock let out a long breath and went limp, rubbing his side idly as one of the babies kicked a little. “Didn’t know how much I needed that,” he said, and heard John’s high laugh behind him. “You may have introduced me to the only thing that can keep me sane until I’m no longer as big as a whale, you know. I’ll wring you dry by the time I go into labor.”
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re just glowing!” his mother had said, embracing him far too vigorously when he and John walked through the door of the Holmes residence. John was carrying a bag with gifts for Sherlock’s parents, which he set down to help Sherlock out of his coat.
As he saw it, the sensation registered. The burning of his hole being stretched so far was even more pleasurable than Sherlock could have expected, even as part of an erotic birth. It had the undertone of a deep itch being scratched and satisfied, but closer to the surface it felt exquisite - exactly like it felt to have John’s knot stuffed in him, stretching him wide and filling him, but magnified. Amplified. Unutterably better.
Sherlock shook his head but tried anyway. He winced and let out a whine, rubbing his side painfully. “Too full,” he complained, feeling again like he needed to burp, to release some pressure, but he couldn’t. “So big, John. Your big - something.”
Sherlock lifts his head and lets John's prick slip free. Even in the darkness, John can make out his glare.
There was a long pause. “Joanna,” John said. They were lying in bed, Sherlock facing the door with his knees tucked up and John spooned up against him from behind. John’s hand was on his belly, fingertips just brushing the elastic of Sherlock’s pants. “I actually...”
He lets Greg Lestrade pull him aside, away from the bulk of well-wishers, and wrap him up in a strong hug. When they break apart, Greg’s eyes are wet.
But the more John tries not to think of it, the clearer it is in his mind. He combs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and gently tugs, just enough to arrest his attention. “Sherlock.”
The Sussex house has bedrooms for all of their grandchildren, and so it never feels empty, even when they’re not around to visit. Sometimes Sherlock has an itch that he needs John to scratch, and sometimes he doesn’t mind being gentled open instead of taken in a rush. Their hair turns grey - John’s first, and then Sherlock’s, in streaks - and their joints and old wounds ache when the weather turns, and they both complain about it. They still refuse to submit to rocking chairs.
“Yeah,” Molly said, somewhat wistfully. “Oh! And I brought something for her, too, I mean - I know this is an anniversary dinner, not, you know, a shower, but - here,” she said, cutting herself off and going to fetch a small package from her coat pocket. It was wrapped in pink paper and tied with a ribbon, which Sherlock delicately pulled loose.
As the adrenaline from Tess’s birth ebbed, Sherlock started to feel the exhaustion that he’d been battling for hours try to overtake him. “I need to lie down,” he said, trying to move and then letting out a quiet cry as his thigh muscles crackled with pain. “Can’t move.”
The boiling of the milk was what eventually brought them out of their quiet, and Sherlock took his mug of cocoa from John and swayed into the sitting room, settling carefully onto the sofa. He waited until John was sat down next to him before shifting to put his feet in John’s lap, and he put his mug on his belly and waited for it to cool. “I rather feel like listening to some Christmas music,” he said, watching curls of steam rise from their mugs. The lights on the Christmas tree caught in the reflection of his cocoa and he looked out through the bay window at the white blanket of snow that coated the earth. “I’m very glad we decided to go,” he added, catching John’s eye and smiling. “Might be the last time we get to spend a holiday to ourselves for some time.”
"I just had to be sure." John put down his own fork and reached across the table to take Sherlock's hands in his own. "If I told you that I would love this child as much as I would one whose genetics were half mine, would you believe me?"
Sherlock sagged back on the cushions and he stared down weakly at the foot of the bed. His curls clung damp to his forehead. Just as he lifted his hand to brush them away, John lifted a crying, purple being from the bed and held it up, beaming from ear to ear.
"Oh, shut up, I'm doing it," John rolled his eyes and bent over, opening his mouth wide and taking Sherlock's shoulder between his teeth and biting down. Sherlock's body went rigid and then limp beneath him, and John felt warm spurts of come coat his stomach. The taste of blood hit his tongue and he bit deeper still, making sure their bondmark was deep and permanent. Sherlock was
“Can’t say I blame you,” John laughed. He pulled up a Christmas music soundtrack on his mobile and hit play, then set it aside to return to Sherlock’s foot rub. “I’m pretty happy inside, too. Nice to have a quiet, relaxed evening while on holiday.”
Sherlock’s fingers slid down to touch the area in question, pressing in briefly. “A shoulder,” he said, then found John’s hand and dragged it just right of center. “Her spine, here. Bum up here. Heels up in my ribs,” he grimaced.
Sherlock pushed his sleep trousers down and off his wide hips and climbed back onto the bed, bypassing his side and tossing the covers back. He straddled John’s hips, startling the Alpha into a muzzy awake state, and started to move as much as his laden body would allow. “What’s going on?” a bleary John mumbled, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and peering up in the darkness, trying to figure out what Sherlock was doing.
Everything burned and hurt and felt like it was going to snap. Sherlock gasped and pushed through it. The counter-pressure from John’s hands was only minimally helpful, but just knowing he was there was better than nothing. “It burns,” he whimpered, his blood roaring in his ears.
Navigating the driveway in Sherlock's sports car proved to be something of a trick, but at least the mud had frozen in peaks that could be used as grips on the way back up. Once John reached the road, however, it was only a few minutes' drive to the town he hadn't seen since he first stopped in the pub. It looked distinctly different in the dusting of snow, sunlight glimmering off the frost-covered windowpanes.
After dinner, Sherlock had disappeared out to the barn, and by the time John realised he had gone out to do chores he'd already nearly finished milking Agnes. John grabbed his stool and started to milk Marjorie, and though Sherlock finished first he didn't sit down to help. When John looked up, Sherlock was nowhere to be found, his stool had been unstrapped and left hanging on a hook in the cow stable. John finished milking Marjorie and toted the bucket out to the milk house, where he saw the bottle was missing and decided that Sherlock must be out feeding the calf.
"So, Emma," John said, leaning onto the countertop with a conspiratorial look on my face, "Anywhere around here where someone could buy a Christmas gift for their mate?"
Their third kitten was a boy, and by no means the runt of the litter. Each kitten seemed to weigh just over half a pound, with the boy kitten perhaps a little bigger than his older sisters. All three kittens were nursing from Sherlock, making contented little grunts. Sherlock allowed John to pet and stroke him, appreciating the attention after all his hard work.
“Rules said no touching below the waist,” Sherlock said, settling onto the bed and rubbing against it almost imperceptibly, his eyelids fluttering. “Things are fine. Ooh. I can tell. It’ll be soon. Come here.”
By noon, Sherlock was well into his labor. His contractions were eight minutes apart at most, and he was quiet most of the time, save for noises of pain during contractions. “Tell me you have something stronger than paracetamol for pain,” he said roughly, leaning against the back of the sofa and catching his breath.
"Oh, he's been following us since we left. Victor!" Sherlock called, and suddenly a smallish, black and white border collie wiggled out of the weeds to Sherlock's right and trotted alongside them. "This is Victor. He was auntie's dog, but he's taken well to me. In a few miles, he'll go ahead of us and herd the sheep this way, onto ground we can safely walk." The dog yipped and ran off to the side again, tail wagging.
It was John's turn to cut Sherlock off, this time. "Hey, who said I wasn't interested?" he asked, rising to his own feet.
“Alright, alright,” Sherlock said, taking a bigger bite of his potatoes and ignoring how full his stomach was.
John shook his head. “That’s all I’ve got. I checked the cupboards here - nothing stronger anywhere. I’ll let you have a little bigger dose, but that’s all I can do. Would a bath or shower help?” he asked, shaking out two pills and cracking a third in half. He handed them to Sherlock, who swallowed them dry.
Sherlock sagged into John when the spasm ended. “They get worse every time,” he breathed, sighing. “Didn’t think it would be this bad.”
He got all three. “There’s several restaurants on this side of town, according to Google Maps,” John said, helping him put on and tie his shoes. Sherlock was still a bit muzzy from his nap, but he took John’s mobile and scrolled through the options. He snorted and handed it back.
“Careful, then. Easy does it, let me.” The cold air and his mate’s noises of pain seemed to sober John up quickly, and he took both of Sherlock’s hands in his and pulled him slowly to his feet.
“Reuben,” Sherlock said without pause. “Reuben Thomas.” He ran a finger down the baby’s ruddy cheek, then touched the wispy dark hair on his head. He saw John’s nod of approval out of the corner of his eye.
The hospital calls John to ask him when the funeral will be, where they need to send her body. John glances over at Sherlock and leaves the room, shutting himself in the bedroom, away from Sherlock. “We haven’t planned it yet,” he says quietly, staring at the door, listening for Sherlock. “Just keep her there. I’ll let you know when we’re ready.”
Cara sighed and moved to hug him instead, her soft curls brushing the stretched skin of his lower belly. “Tess be here soon?” she asked, looking up at him with big blue eyes.
John made a hum of acknowledgement and kept groping Sherlock’s breast with his broad hand, all the while suckling and teasing Sherlock’s other nipple with his tongue and teeth until it was swollen and red and hot. Sherlock was letting out needy little whines and trying to move his hips, but the size of his belly and the weight of the baby kept him from being able to maintain any sort of rhythm. “John,” he gasped, shuddering and clutching John’s hand to stop the teasing stimulation of his nipple. “Please.”
“She’s moving every time you push, love,” Maggie assured. “Keep going, just like that. Give us good strong pushes and we’ll start to see her soon.”
Sherlock was insistent on walking back. It was only a few blocks, but the time it took them to make it back home meant he endured three more contractions en route. John explained to Cara that this was okay, that mummy was fine, and that this meant Tess was coming. This brightened Cara’s mood significantly.
“We can only hold her here for so long,” the woman on the other end of the line says, and John nods wordlessly. “Regulations. I’m sorry.” John nods again and, without another word, ends the call. Sherlock doesn’t want a funeral for the baby. John’s not sure he can move on without one.
Sherlock awoke later that night to a strange, almost sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. He struggled to sit up and blew out a long breath when he did, pressing both hands to his belly. He closed his eyes and kept his breathing regular, trying to figure out what had woken him up. It wasn’t a practice contraction, or any kind of pain - just a deep, unsettling discomfort in the bowl of his pelvis.
“Into a serval,” Sherlock said, twisting to look at John. “I think that’s how I’ll give birth. I think they’re more kitten than human, so it’ll be easier that way. And I think it’ll be easier to be serval the last few weeks…this is wreaking havoc on my human system. I think my spine’s going to split,” he said, laying a hand on his lower back and pressing down to demonstrate.
He doesn't say anything, but he stays in the shower for ages, and comes out with his chest flattened and reformed by tightly-wrapped bandages underneath his shirt. When he lays himself out on the sofa, he is on his back, not his side, and he crosses his arms across his chest.
“Tired of water,” Sherlock sighed, glancing down. John was right - it was a little round. Usually when they did this, his stomach would just get…less flat, looking thicker than usual. Sherlock liked the roundness, though. “Something different.”
Sherlock slips into a daze. There is some noise, and someone moves him into the bed, and there is fussing about between his legs. He swats ineffectively at them. Someone is saying, "Let me see her, give her to me, let me have her." Whoever it is, Sherlock will gleefully murder him without a second thought if he touches his baby.
"Congratulations?" John scrubbed more sleep from his eyes and looked up, eyes hazy, over his first cup of coffee.
It took John a few minutes to find a good rhythm, and by the time he'd worked it out Sherlock had already finished milking Agnes and set his full pail aside. He settled on Marjorie's other side and joined John in milking the cow, and they sat in companionable silence, the only sounds that of the milk hitting that already in the pail.
Carefully, he turned to the side. It almost felt like a waddle, the way he had to shift to keep from jostling his stomach unnecessarily. “The milk,” John reminded, and Sherlock took in a shallow, shaky breath and raised the glass to his lips.
He felt the short hose move and he made a questioning noise. John reached up to caress Sherlock’s stretched stomach and made a soothing noise. “Don’t worry, love. Nothing you can’t handle. I’ll make you feel so good,” he said, and started to lick and suck at the head of Sherlock’s cock, teasing it to life. Sherlock moaned and let himself relax into the pleasure, somehow heightened by the pressure in his stuffed, round stomach.
Sherlock reappeared in the room, clutching a small green box with ‘First Aid’ stamped across it in large white letters.
“Daddy! There’s one!” She said excitedly, as a pop and a crackle danced across the sky in a sea of red and green sparks. John smiled.
“Will Pops be joining us?” Rosie asked, squinting towards the foot of the garden, an area which was shielded by more apple trees.
“And he’s done so much for us,” Rosie continued, as though having to explain herself. John knew that by ‘us’, she didn’t mean only herself and Tord. “And I want to honour that, somehow, and we really do love the name. And we really love him, and he did say that Sherlock is a girl’s name…”
“And as for helping you to see a different side of London, you can see it regardless as to whether I’m there or not. I just helped to open your eyes a bit,” he responded. “You don’t owe me. You don’t need to repay me.”
John pulled a pair of thick woolly gloves from his jacket pocket and pushed them into Sherlock’s hand. The exchange wasn’t witnessed, but Sherlock slipped the gloves on. A second later, Sherlock’s palm was being pushed against John’s and John squeezed Sherlock’s hand gently, barely believing what was happening but he knew that Sherlock wouldn’t have acted if it wasn’t what he needed.
“But you just need to leave it on the middle step,” Sherlock sighed. “Otherwise you could become infected. Stop trying to come up here. We’re fine.”
He held it up, and Sherlock only then took in what it actually was. As he read the cover, he blinked profusely. That probably wasn't good.
She straightened up, brushing ash from her purple pencil skirt and repositioning her gold-rimmed glasses.
“It’s all superficial,” the man grumbled. “I just need to clean this graze. As soon as I’ve done that I’ll be good as new.”
“Can we just skip to the part where we’re happily married and our only argument is who has to turn off the landing light?”
“About ten minutes ago,” John piped in. He could feel the tips of his ears burning. “We bumped into each other in Russell Square.”
“Good. If you're thinking of leaving, you need to let me know,” the threatening tone in Jim’s voice caused Sherlock to take a step backwards. What had, really only a few seconds ago, been an apparently perfectly happy relationship, was turning sour before his eyes. John wasn't looking at Jim, but Jim still hooked his index finger and placed under John’s chin, lifting his head. “Remember what happened last time?”
Sometimes he would wake up in the middle of the night, parched, and would quietly head downstairs for a cup of tea and a biscuit. He kept them stocked up in the cupboard, just in case, to keep him company while he watched the pictures on screen without really hearing them. He had discovered a secret love of railway journey documentaries, however, and took solace in the fact that no matter how awful his day had been there were always at least ten train documentaries recorded.
Mrs Hudson pursed her lips. Her foot hovered over the second step, her hand gripped the bannister. She looked ready to argue with John, but when it was clear John wasn’t going to backdown she relented.
“Werewolves aren’t bad people, Sherlock,” John sighed. “We retain our humanity even in wolf form. No, a person becomes a werewolf after encountering a good deed by one. So, the werewolf returned my teddy to me. The moment I thanked him, that goodwill energy transferred over to me. As I said,” he continued, seeing Sherlock’s perplexed face, “no one is sure of the science behind it, but then shifting into another animal is strange. Werewolves aren’t evil. We’ve just been given a bad rep by the media. As everything else does.”
From the behind the bookshelf, Sherlock watched the display with interest. Jim, as was apparently his name, had gone back to flipping the pages of his new found book over, after snatching it back from John. Except, Sherlock had all but lost interest in him, and had found it again in John instead.
The garden was long, and wide, and divided into sections. A wall of apple trees separated the allotment from the lawn, and a green house stood proudly in the corner, sun filtering through evenly throughout the day.
“I know that you attended Bart’s together because it was the only logical place you would have both met, given your links to medicine,” Sherlock said. “Mike offered your full name, indicating that you were so far at the back of his mind that you now warrant the surname. It could be that another John has entered Mike’s life, but given the surprise meeting and the immediate association of your full name it’s more likely a time issue. Mike is unconsciously reminding himself that he knows you.”
John had forgotten all about the notepad when Sherlock had mentioned sleeping in his bed. Thoughts of Sherlock sleeping in his bed had tripped his brain’s circuit breaker, rendering it useless to the problems Sherlock venturing into his room would cause.
"Sherlock, if you're not going to talk then I'd better be on my way," John's voice darted between the gusts of wind, overpowering each blow with one almighty throw as it fell from John’s mouth. Sherlock's non-complacent tyranny of thoughts were drowned out completely as a result. What had he been thinking?
“He will. He’ll be really happy to see you; just this morning he was whining that we should drive up to you soon.”
Mary had chosen the house John and Rosie lived in while they were still together, and it was quite a nice house indeed. A terraced house in Wimbledon, the area boasted brilliant parks, great entertainment, local shopping, and fantastic transport links. It was the perfect place to raise a child in London.
Sherlock's arms snaked around John's waist, smiling fondly at her. At the same time, John reached up and ruffled her hand through the back of Sherlock's wet hair, watching in awe as it immediately started to curl up again, drying quickly in the hot August sun.
“That was different,” he protested, defensive tones establishing themselves strongly against the fearful ones. “I was burgled; of course I was going to go to the police. I wasn't about to sit around doing nothing so that I could be burgled again. It's not my fault one of your low-lives saw me there, and it's definitely not my fault that you jumped to the wrong conclusion when they came running to you.”
John shrugged; taking the book out of the other's hands and reading the blurb, then flipping it back over to view the front cover. The frown likes etched across his face didn't dissipate.
Sherlock watched from where he sat as the head librarian, Mrs Safely, made her way over to the newcomer.
“I know you’ve always had everyone clean up after you. Mummy and daddy dote on their ickle Sherly the Curly, yeah, I know they used to call you that,” John added, after seeing Sherlock’s mortified face. “And Mycroft follows you around like a fucking shadow, dust pan and brush in hand ready and waiting to clean up your shit and soothe your ego. He thinks he’s in control, but you’ve got him wrapped around your little finger, haven’t you? And how long have I spent running around after you, hm?”
Soon enough, there was a small heap at the foot of the wall, and Sherlock wasted no time in pushing the window open ajar. He then turned to face John.
“No, but I can explain –“ he began in a rush, until John grabbed the lapels of Sherlock’s coat and pulled him into a searing kiss. Sherlock whimpered against him, taken entirely by surprise as John dragged him closer. Possessive and powerful and desperate.
In the months after Sherlock’s ‘death’ John had allowed himself to believe that this was Sherlock discussing his proficiency in researching people. What Kitty Riley had written down and what hundreds of other reporters had regurgitated. It was a magic trick, Sherlock’s deductive techniques. It wasn’t real.
“No!” John shouted and ran after her, panicked. He grabbed her hand again. “Grandma said that next time she might not be able to fix him.”
John smiled warmly. In his lap, Rosie fidgeted. She was quickly becoming bored, and threw herself back against John’s chest. John hugged her close.
On the one hand, the zoo would be full of irritating parents and their snot-nosed offspring. On the other, John and Rosie would be there.
“You’ve always done everything for me,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s shit lie. “Always. I’ve never been able to see it until now.”
“One against five?” Todd laughed. “I’m not worried about you. Tucker, Tony, if you’d do the honours.”
Since their first kiss, he and Sherlock spent what time together they could. They didn’t really go for lunch or dinner together, because they weren’t that sort of couple and because of their vow of secrecy, but John’s heart was full. Full, because the previous night he’d told Sherlock he loved him and Sherlock had said it back instantly.
Quickly, his fingers laced underneath it and pushed up on the pin, bringing it out of the clip and back through the fabric. Once it was off, he slipped it into his pocket and awaited the hammering he'd receive for taking it off. Why should people be warned of his Ability? He wasn't warned about theirs.
One of the men laughed. He had a pinched voice, entirely too nasal, with a protruding bottom lip and a large scar across his cheek. The other men turned, and Sherlock frowned as his brain exploded into a deductive frenzy.
Then there was the initial punch for Sherlock to study. The aching in his jaw had disappeared, but he knew there was a red mark there all the same. Why had he even punched him in the first place? Clearly it was to show that he meant to harm Sherlock, but he didn't want to, so why did he do it? Something wasn't adding up.
"Hold your breath," Sherlock stated, and John obliged. He then pinched the end of his nose, and John shot daggers at him through watering eyes. Sherlock merely shrugged. "You need to look like you've been caught in a fire. Lack of oxygen and all that," he smiled sympathetically as John shrugged.
The flat was silent. A breeze floated by, buoyant on the stillness Sherlock and John’s argument had left in the cramped lounge, like space dust ricocheting off the atmosphere.
“Well, thank you,” he said, and the wolf climbed up onto the bed again, careful not to place a paw on Sherlock’s severely bruised body.
John arched an eyebrow, wiping away her running eyeliner with her thumb, before placing her hand back on Sherlock's shoulder.
Her 'discovery' of Sherlock's Ability had meant that she'd become his own personal Mutation teacher, resigning from her position at the school to try and hone Sherlock's Ability herself. Because: "talent like this doesn't deserve to be mingled with the normal rabble," as she so often put it. Although if the 'rabble' consisted of 100 Jason's and Isabelle's, then Sherlock would rather have that any day.
Technically he shouldn't have cared. He and John weren't in any relationship besides platonic. That's just how it was. At first, Sherlock hadn't minded when John would ditch him for the evening to spend it with some mundane creature. Then it started to change. Green would flash across his vision before the jealousy growled in his stomach like thunder. To see John with anyone else made him feel sick.
John chuckled. “That’s quite a mouthful,” he said, and was surprised to find that there were tears welling up in his eyes. “But it’s beautiful.”
Sherlock tuned out, deciding that nothing interesting was going to come out of the conversation now, especially seeing as they'd reached the point where they very badly flirting with one another.
Then he finally let go, and John gasped for air. With one quick movement, Sherlock had spun John around, bouncing him onto his knee and was carrying him in his arms, hurrying towards the exit.
Sherlock lent forwards a bit more, gripping onto the thick wooden side of the bookcase. As he did so, his hand slipped on the varnished surface and he stumbled, slamming one foot down with such force that he thought Mrs Safely would come running. He no longer had the shelf for a shield, and was standing only a few metres away from where Jim and John were conversing in full view of the pair of them. The high bookcases mocked his idiocy, and he felt an embarrassed blush rising in his cheeks.
“Yeah. The problem is, Sherlock,” John step, taking a step towards Sherlock. Dry seaweed and shingle cracked under his feet. “That you’re constantly in my way. Earlier, when I was washing up, you were practically standing on my feet. You’re clingy. You’re so, so needy, and you expect the world to be handed to you on a silver fucking platter.”
“But I do know that,” John chuckled, “because you’re a stubborn git and you won’t settle for anything but the best. So, while I know that I want to be a Doctor, that I want to join the army, and that you have no idea what you want to do, I also know that you still have enough time and enough support behind you to work it out. You don’t have to have a set plan mapped out in front of you when you take off your graduation gown. You’re going to achieve great things because you have that uncertainty, you’re picky. I have every confidence that, once you realise what you want to do with your life, you’re going to excel at it.”
“Don’t be so drastic, Dad, there’s nothing wrong.” She beamed excitedly at Tord. “We’ve settled on a name for our daughter.”
Sherlock’s survival, for instance. Mary’s background. Mary’s continuation of that background. Mary shooting Sherlock. Mary’s willingness to let John mourn all over again. Her attempt to let John mourn all over again. He’d come to terms with her death now, but if she were to waltz in through the front door and begin demanding custody of Rosie he wouldn’t be anywhere near as surprised as any sane person ought to be.
John didn’t reply, and Sherlock pushed the duvet away from his face. John was staring at something on the bed, and Sherlock realised with horror that he couldn’t remember whether he’d put the notebook back on the side or whether he’d put it on the floor or whether it was wrapped up in the duvet with him.
“Deduce me. Tell me how you knew I wasn’t actually going to the zoo, seeing as you’re so desperate to show off. Tell me how you know I was lying.”
John hadn’t deigned to write a title but there was room for one. Sherlock began coughing again, and as he hacked into his elbow he shuffled under the duvet, craving warmth and comfort. His chest rattled and he squeezed his eyes shut as he fought to get his breath back.
“Well, it’s a bunch of places, actually,” he told him, perking up slightly. “Places that Mycroft’s told me you have a bit of a soft spot for. I didn’t know you’d helped that Prince. I got in contact with him and he said we’d be welcome to visit him and stay in his palace...” John was getting carried away. How long had he been keeping this secret? Sherlock smiled to himself. John hadn’t been growing tired of him, or more irritated. He’d been trying to do something for Sherlock. To repay him.
“And I pushed you away and Rosie was nearly taken away and I beat you up and I’m so sorry,” John continued, oblivious to Sherlock’s talking or Sherlock sitting up and taking his hands.
“Not today, sunshine,” he said, pecking her lightly on the cheek as she wrapped her arms around him and rested her head on his shoulder. “Still another week.”
However, he had barely finished the first sentence before he found himself staring at the globe again. This time, there was someone inspecting it.
“We almost argued,” Sherlock replied. “But then I just… I couldn’t be bothered for the hurt. Angst is incredibly boring and I’m getting too old. So I told him.”
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He looked towards the window, but the curtains were drawn.
As Sherlock reread the article, he pressed his gum to the back of his teeth and chewed it uninterestedly. It was flavourless now. He took it out of mouth and stuck it behind the wooden frame encasing the article. By now he estimated that there were at least twenty chewed up pieces of gum behind each of the four frames.
12.	“Well I've seen you in jeans with no make-up on and I've stood there in awe as your date for the prom. I'm blessed as a man to have seen you in white, but I've never seen anything quite like you tonight.” Never Seen Anything “Quite Like You”, The Script
For a start, John hadn’t managed to establish how Sherlock had attained his injuries. But the one thing which was really preying on John’s mind was the fact that, despite living less than 30 seconds from Russell Square, Sherlock had opted for a park bench to sit at to tend to his injuries.
He had taken John lunch for a reason, and it wasn’t because he knew that John was spending far too much money in Pret. He’d taken John lunch because he missed him. It was stupid, really. John had been at work for all of three hours and Sherlock had found himself crawling the walls to see that stupid man again. It was any entirely stupid reason to see anyone, Sherlock reasoned, but hadn’t done it for the sake of being a nice flatmate. He’d just wanted to see John and have an excuse to see him.
"Take him to the ambulance," a woman commanded, pointing Sherlock in the direction of a sea of bright yellow and blue. He nodded hastily, and began heading towards it.
He was interrupted by John’s arms wrapping themselves around him, and pulling him into a bone crushing hug.
Bear 1 and 2 launched themselves through the double doors, frantically running to get out of the building. Had nobody taught them fire safety?
Sherlock continued frowning at her as she covered the mouth piece of her phone and mouthed 'Wait outside', buzzing with excitement from whatever this John Watson person had to offer her.
Ideally, he would have taken Sherlock somewhere much nicer for their first date. A murder museum, for example, or maybe even St Bart’s so that Sherlock could spend some time amongst the chemicals that we’re currently off-limits to a recovering junkie.
They reached the local corner shop. A squashed little place with cardboard boxes spilling out from under the shelves, the shop was a gem in the middle of London’s dominant gentrification.
She tugged a rucksack from her back and placed it on the ground, before crouching down and rummaging around inside it.
"Why do you wear it?" She asked while Sherlock rolled his eyes. They went through this every meeting.
"Your lives are in danger if you don't start moving now. Over." Sherlock spoke again, more sternly now.
“And yet you’re still willing to go on holiday with me,” Sherlock quipped. “I presume we’ll be staying in hotels at some point. Different rooms? Please tell me that at least one of them has a balcony so that I can claim it,” he couldn’t pretend to not be excited. He was going on holiday. With John. He almost felt like joining in with the robins’ cheery tune.
He knew that John had visited him for something along those lines, and he knew that John’s actions were born from a late night session of thinking and staring at the TV. John needed that background noise, Sherlock knew.
John was dressed in simple cable knit jumper, of greying cream colouring, with a black jacket thrown over it. His jeans were simple, nothing like the ironed pins that adorned Jim’s legs, and although his brown shoes must have cost him considerably more than the rest of his clothing, they still weren't too expensive. Sherlock took it all in, frowning as he became more confused. He watched on as John frowned response to what Jim had said, the lines becoming prominent across his face. He looked tired, too, but it wasn't a sleep deprived tired. Where Jim looked like he’d had one too many early mornings, John looked like every day was a battle. Apparently, Jim had touched a nerve.
Everything after that had been a blur, not that much different from the rest of the evening in total honesty. People had immediately flooded the pitch, if the cheers had been deafening during the game there was no hope now; everybody seemed to have gone downright rabid. It was ridiculous. They were all so dull in the way they swarmed around the victors- yet when his eyes fell on a certain figure he began to empathize with their excitement.
“Sorry about that,” Watson ran a tense hand through his windswept hair having finally placed his mud-splattered trainers back on solid ground, “I don’t really think we have much practice time left after that.”
“Well, I wouldn’t say th- hmph.” John was quickly cut off, Sherlock made sure to tug him forwards into another kiss, relishing in the noise that the other boy made as his feet surely left the mattress beneath him.
“What is this then, fucking intervention? Why is my relationship with my little brother any bother of yours, Holmes?”
, even ready to accept myself. The only people I’d told were ones I’d gone to for advice- they tried, but it didn’t make any difference. But spending time with you, well at first it made things much more difficult, but it made it much easier to…accept things, I suppose. So yes, I was angry, but I’m not anymore; not at you. I never thought I’d say this but Harry beating the shit out of me really made me realize that I shouldn’t be afraid of her-
“Unfortunates,” she scoffed, sending a poisonous glare in his direction, “That little fucker is anything but an
Speaking of John, his rage seemed to run just as hot. His whole life he’s been the victim of bullying at the hands of his sister, often forced to take the fall for her major destructive habits throughout their childhood,
“Fine, I suppose I can’t get away from whatever you want to say even if I wanted to and I’ve got nothing to do between now and McGonagall- so
“No…” John’s voice trailed off almost meekly before gaining some form of strength, “No, you don’t understand.”
Ignoring the look Madam Pince threw in his direction, he burst into the library at a speed he hadn’t quite accounted for. It didn’t take long to spot the burst of red and gold lounging in the corner, all of them spinning quills between their fingers with lazy smiles on their faces, flirting with girls and just generally getting no work done. John was sandwiched between Gerald and another vaguely familiar face, Mike Stamford, one of the more palatable Gryffindors. He had offered his notes to Sherlock after he had missed the first half of Potions once- it was one of the nicest things anyone had done for him until John. The rest were absolute cretins, assholes and their girlfriends that he could see that John only hung out with out of Quidditch obligation, Gibson and Stamford too.
about what people thought, chances are he hadn’t told the rest of his little posse about he and Sherlock’s
.  No, if his attendance during History of Magic was anything to go off of. Sherlock was starting to get antsy, breakfast would be over soon and he would be forced to retreat from his sturdy position, one he would begrudgingly admit it took him hours and sleepless nights to convince himself to take.
“I am sorry, John,” Sherlock attempted to regain his composure, talking at a pace so slow it was almost agony, “I acted out of line. I let my head get the better of me and I put you at risk and
“I feel like most people’s relationships aren’t as turbulent as this and we’ve been together for less than thirty seconds,” John said, filled with admiration that reflected in the hues of his eyes.
,” he warned in a way that could only be playful, “I’m going to say meaningful things now, so listen. I was angry at you, yes, I was furious that you had revealed something about me that I wasn’t, maybe that I'm
of John Watson leaning casually in the now open window above his head, backlight with the flickering golden light of the candles inside. There was a lopsided smirk on his, unfortunately, battered face, staring down at Sherlock with a look of pure amusement. Underneath his nose, there were still faint traces of the blood that had been split and there was a faint red slice over the top of his forehead from where Harry had cut him with the smashed plate. Despite all his injuries, he still managed to look incredible.
He immediately began to settle once students began to pour out of their respective rooms, most preferring to travel in hoards and cliques, flooding the halls all at once with their ceaseless rattling. It never failed to amaze him how in a matter of seconds serene peace could transform into a rabble of discontentment, forcing its way into his mind and dragging it away from all the important things that required his instantaneous attention.
. Sherlock felt he stood corrected when Watson returned with not two brooms, but instead a small handheld chalkboard and a suitcase of sorts. The overall vibe was shabby, from the way the wood of the board was splintering at the edges to the way the buckles on the case didn’t seem to close as effectively as they once had. The chalk was practically withering away in the boy's palm but he didn’t seem to care, instead settling himself comfortably next to one of the stands and motioning with a hint of playful aggression for Sherlock to come and join him. He had no time for antics and he wasn’t going to be messed around by some halfwit Gryffindor who obviously thought he had all the time in the world.
“I know, he feels the same way about you,” he lit a cigarette and drew it to his lips once he saw the last student disappear back into the walls, hesitantly offering one to the girl lingering with an air of nervousness next to him. She took it without any hesitation in return, mumbling a quiet
“Alright, I may have forgiven you but you can’t be a prat straight away,” he paused before sighing and rolling his eyes, “Okay, yes, I’m stood on the bed but even you couldn’t reach up here without standing on something.”
“You are the Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team, are you not?” He tried his best to sound amble, even fixing a smile on his face, but it was only when his words hit the air between them that Sherlock realised how bitter they perhaps could sound to another. No bother. If what he could deduce about Watson’s muggle home life was anything close to the truth (of which there was no doubt), the other boy would be no stranger to harsh words and scathing comments.
“Oh,” Sherlock made sure his response was as snide as he could muster, “and what would have you of done in that instance?”
