She looked between the three of them waiting for an answer and when she didn’t receive one. She speculated, “Why do I feel like Dean’s illness and these cases are connected.”
Their research was interrupted halfway through when they heard Sam and Bobby were on their way to look for the dagger. As the two men headed out to Montana, the wall turned its focus on Dean. Cas watched as his hunter made himself breakfast then occupy his time on the computer. It was a pretty average day for the Winchester. Cas' attention peaked though when he observed Dean talking to their baby. It felt weird watching his hunter knowing that Orandriel was in the room. He wished that she would busy herself somewhere else, so he could have this time with Dean.
Before Dean could respond he felt funny like he was being pulled back to his sleeping form. He stirred to find Sam hovering over him looking concerned. Once Dean realized that he was awake he went into a panic now that Castiel was gone, “no, no, no, no.” dean stated desperately “I have to go back.”
They were but a few minutes into research when Sam noticed his brother was starting to doze off, “Dean, go get some rest.”
“If we have a way to get Castiel back, why would I mock that?”
They spent the night continuing with research. They found numerous things to help them but many were not possible. They found spells with difficult ingredients that they could not acquire without some kind of angel or demon help. They found tons of lore on angel grace but none that quite fit the bill to what they were dealing with. They found information on alternate universes but nothing other than theory about the cosmic veil. They found lore about weapons that could extract angel grace. But there were two things wrong with the weapons; either they could not be located or Dean would die if used on him. The list of things they found went on and on. So, they narrowed it down to the most two plausible safer theories. Theory number one was simple, Dean would harbor Cas’s grace until he returned in six months; whatever that meant. They figured it could be a very similar situation to how Benny hitched a ride out of Purgatory. Theory number two, was highly disliked by Dean because the lore they found implied that he could very well be pregnant. He came to this conclusion based on, Sam’s reiterated Dean’s story and some facts they found while researching. In a book, they found lore stating that if an angel was ever injured they could transport their grace into a human to be resurrected later into a new vessel. But the kicker was that not just any human would do; it had to be someone they loved and shared a bond. The book specified that a human carried the grace for six months and was expelled from the host’s body as a baby. Upon hearing that Sam then added how Orandriel stated that stated that Dean’s situation was unorthodox. Sam also added Dean’s previous symptoms to the list. After reviewing everything and hearing what his brother was saying, Dean didn't want to accept that his brother could be right, “Let’s not jump to conclusions, okay?”
He waited until Sam left the bunker library before he projected himself to the bunker. He flipped open the book, he sent them, to the Drakkoon chapter hoping that they would take that as a sign to mainly focus on that information. He knew he was successfully when he watched Sam discover the opened book.
Upon waking the second time that morning, he was surprised to find no bouts of questions as he suspected. They headed back to the farmhouse to make sure that the werewolf pack was gone. From there they parted ways, Bobby returned to Sioux Falls to handle somethings and the brothers returned to the bunker. Before Bobby left he assured them he would return in about a month to the bunker. Dean was finding the whole situation weird; it was like nothing had happened at all yesterday. The car ride back to the bunker with Sam was a little too silent for his taste.
"What?!" yelled Bobby in fury. He released Dean to look Sam in the face.
"Back to research."
"Did we seriously get ambushed again?"
“Do you have the book?”
He watched as Sam armed himself as he grew closer to the mill. Bobby knew that Sam was being prepared in case anything happened but after Sam entered the mill and didn't immediately come out he knew something was up.
Dean shrugged his shoulders, “No idea.”
Bobby looked up at Sam, "I'm surprised you two haven't gone and raided the place yet."
"My lips are sealed. You can count on me."
He received no verbal response which he knew he wouldn't but he needed to say it. His response, however, was greeted by a kiss to the cheek. Upon that token of love and comfort, sleep found the hunter.
Sam became serious once again when a new revelation hit him, “Does this mean we have a way to get Cas back?”
After sitting in silence for a while, they both stood to head back inside for the night. But first, Bobby open his arms in a caring and supportive manner. Dean welcomed the embrace. It was awkward to say the least but strangely he kind of needed it. They brushed off the feels and headed inside.
"It would be too risky not knowing what sort of attention I'll bring to us in my condition."
It must have been but moments later when he heard a familiar voice, "Dean."
They drove the next few miles in deep contemplation. As they pulled up to the bunker, Dean felt a little funny. He felt drained, not tired, but weak. He looked over to Sam to say something about it but he slumped forward in his seat instead.
Dean pulled out the sonogram and slid it over to him, "This is what we've been busy with." Bobby picked it up and  looked at it before turning his attention back to the brothers. He looked at them in shock to what was unfolding before him. Dean removed his jacket to reveal his extended abdomen which was slightly bigger than the last time Bobby saw him.
“No, Cas. I am so tired of being jerked around by all these monsters and mystical beings.”
Sam left his brother to retreat back downstairs to Bobby.
"Maybe we should put him in his bed?" inquired Sam. Bobby nodded and they carried Dean to his room. After placing him in his bed, Sam took Dean's shoes, jacket and flannel off to make him more comfortable. Sam kept dabbing his brother's forehead. Bobby left to bring in a ice cold bowl of water to re-wet the cloth. Sam worked on cooling his brother down while Bobby stood by. Ten minutes had passed and other than a few noise from Dean, he still had not woken up. Right when they were contemplating taking him to the healer, Dean opened his eyes, "Sammy?"
“Yeah, Why wouldn’t I?”
“There is good news and bad. They identified what was in the substance but unable to pinpoint the exact materials.”
"See if he's okay."
Bobby, Dean and Sam came downstairs to find Jody in the living room with a duffel bag swung over her shoulder.
Bobby looked up to respond to Sam’s question but was caught off guard by the sight of Dean. Sam could see that Dean was becoming uncomfortable being stared at. But Sam intervened before Bobby could say anything, “so, Bobby. . .whatcha got?”
“But Dean. . .”
“What? I’m hungry.”
Sam looked down at the image in his hand and chuckled before he passed it over to Dean.
Dean stuffed another piece of bacon in his mouth,"sounds good."
“Sonofabitch!” Dean yelled. He walked over to sink down in a chair in the war room. “How could we have been so stupid to think something for once would go as planned?”
Simon had kept bringing ciders for Becky, trying to get her liquored up. He’d been a fucking knight in shining armour, keeping all the too handsy college dudes away from her and then she had pushed her breasts to his chest and kissed him thoroughly in gratitude before asking if he wanted to leave the party go somewhere more quiet. He’d suggested they’d go up to Brent’s room but Becky didn’t want that. She wanted a more
Dean finally reached out to take hold of Cas’ hand when Sam gave up and went to his bed, falling asleep instantly. He had wanted to do that the second they had nothing more to do than wait but he felt embarrassed to do it in front of Sam. Dean was 90 percent sure Sam would be cool with it but he wasn’t.
“Shit Simon!” He rubbed the back of his head and tried to calm his nerves. “This is Milton for fuck’s sake! Nothing ever happens here. It’s just an old lamp.” Finally after a minute of scouring the place the feeling of being watched went away and he continued walking towards his house. Home’s just about five minutes’ walk from here.
Dean woke up to the smell of coffee wafting to his nose. “Dean, wake up.” Cas was shaking him gently and a big take away cup was thrust to his hand before he had a chance to knock him over for waking him up. He was not exactly what you called a morning person.
Before long the party started waning and people started leaving. Dean didn’t want to leave, didn’t want this night to end. He wanted Cas in his lap a while longer. He wanted Cas touching him with ease and like they hadn’t a care in the world.
“That’s what we told everyone to stop looking. But in reality, not so much.”
“So you don’t want to take advantage of him. How chivalrous of you. Colour me surprized.”
By the time he was arranging the weapons in the trunk, having given each and every blade a wash and thorough clean to each gun, Sam still hadn’t shown up. Fine! He didn’t even want to talk!
A knock came from the door. “You about done in there? Do I need to call the paramedics in? You know there are other people out here who have bladders that desperately need emptying!”
The time moved slowly, Dean was sure of it. Even though he had no idea how much time had passed since Sammy had carried Cas in, he was dead sure time was standing almost still. He wanted to tell Sam to just sleep, he would keep an eye on Cas but he was afraid to say it out loud because that would mean Sam would insist on taking turns sleeping and watching Cas. He didn’t want to sleep, couldn’t sleep.
Dean’s hands wandered to Cas’s back, touching each muscle and vertebra he could find and reach. Cas was so smooth and warm under his coarse palms. Cas had his hands in Dean’s hair, pulling it tightly and keeping his face in place.
“Shit Sam! What happened?” Sam laid the unconscious Angel on Dean’s bed and Dean was sure his feet might give out any minute. Cas skin was ashen pale, his skin was coated with sweat and the tendons on his neck were standing out. They weren’t supposed to stand out like that. It was like he was desperately trying to hold in a scream of agony. The blood was pounding in Dean’s ears as his eyes searched for any clues on what might’ve happened to Cas
Cas wasn’t an experienced kisser, but Dean didn’t mind. It was hot as hell because it was Cas. His Cas.
Dean tried not to get jealous but it was damn hard. He felt excluded and that unnerved him. Dean wasn’t used to the feeling, at least not with Cas. He felt an urge to stomp down his foot and demand attention like an insolent child.
With a last glance at the mirror he sucked his belly in, nodded at his reflection and exited the bathroom. The lady waiting outside yelled “finally” before shutting herself in. Dean’s mind was reeling. He was supposed to act like a boyfriend. That was doable; he’d been a boyfriend a bunch of times and had been an amazing one, at least that’s what he thought. But be a boyfriend to Castiel. That scared him shitless even though it was all pretend anyway. What if the pretending led to something that Dean wouldn’t want to give up once he had it? What if he managed to fuck things up royally in a perfectly normal Winchester way? He had a habit of doing that.
He’d been driving for five minutes when he finally realized he had no clue where Cas actually was. He had just pulled over to send a text when his phone pinged. Sam had sent him an address near Milton. Thankfully he’d been driving in the right direction all along and didn’t need to turn around.
“It was a small accident and I required no assistance.” Cas was staring at Dean with a look on his face Dean could only describe as exasperation. At the back of his mind he could obviously see Cas was fine. He hadn’t been limping. He wasn’t holding himself up like he was in pain. The dude was a freaking
When he got to the kitchen, Sam was already there, eating something that looked like fisheggjello. Dean could feel his jaw tightening as he went to the cupboard to fetch a bowl, a spoon and a box of some healthy cereal that tasted like cardboard. He wanted to smash all of it to the ground when he found out that they were out of sugar, the only thing that could make the cardboard-cereal taste even remotely good. Instead he went to the fridge and managed to get the milk and a couple of beers in his hands before he stomped off towards his room.
“You told me you needed assistance with a case?” Luckily Cas turned his piercing blue eyes away from him and towards Sam and Dean could breathe freely again. Cas had a way of making Dean all flustered one second and secure the next. Had Dean felt like a braver person he might’ve took out the box titled “Castiel” and examined everything it held inside. But he didn’t and he was afraid of the day he had to do just that. He was afraid what he might reveal about himself.
“Nah, I sent it to all my contacts.”
Something heavy dropped to his stomach at the memory. “
The Angel in front of him shifted his footing and Dean took in a sharp breath and he could almost feel his pupils dilating. Castiel took a step forward, crowding into his space like he had a habit of doing, and Dean snapped out of the trance of the bulge and looked up to find Castiel looking at him the way he always did. Castiel was mesmerizing him, hypnotizing and piercing Dean with his bluer eyes. “Why are you here, Dean?”
“Cas, hey, you okay?” Sam had his hands up in a placating manner while Cas just stared at him almost unblinkingly. What the fuck happened to him? Dean’s thoughts swirled around in his head like a tornado and all he could do was gape at the scene in front of him. Cas’ whole body was pulled taut. He was on all fours, but not on the soles of his feet and on palms, but on the tip of his fingers and on his toes.
“No.” Dean answered with Sam and Mary and at the same time Cas spoke out a “Yes. Ramiel, Prince of Hell.”
“Shut up!” Dean hissed and got up from the floor but it was too late. A scratching sound came from the bathroom followed by a meow. First it was inquisitive but when Sam repeated his question of “What the hell?” the meowing took on a more demanding tone and the door handle started rattling. Sam went to the bathroom door and started pushing the bed away from the door.
It was almost like time stood still. No one dared to move a muscle. The air almost felt charged. Then, as soon as it had started, Cas relaxed and sat on his knees on the bed.
“Say what again?” It wasn’t even all that abnormal for people to flirt with Cas, he was
“’Cause Dean doesn’t like cats.” Sam laughed leaning back against the passenger side door and crossing his arms over his chest.
“What’s up with you, man?” Dean muttered to himself and opened his laptop. He didn’t like thinking back to all that. After all this time it still hurt.
”Where’s the Continental, Cas?” Sam queried while leaning heavily on Baby’s side. Dean suppressed the urge to shove him away and inspect for damage on the paint. Only two days ago he’d had to paint the whole car after hammering out the dents caused by a Tibetian Tulpa in the form of a Minotaur. Luckily it had crashed on the Impala shoulder first and not with the horns because that would’ve caused a crapload of repairs for her.
Dean pulled out a chair next to the bed and Sam settled on his own bed. Neither said anything while they watched over Cas. Dean couldn’t turn his eyes away from the Angel. He was afraid to even blink, to breathe even. He didn’t want to miss anything happening.
“No, I wa—“
“Your son was the one who went missing, right?”
The thought was running around in circles, overthrowing everything else. A quiet voice snorted at the back of his head at Cas finally using air quotes the correct way. He felt like he was under one of those heating lamps. Both Sam and Cas were staring at him. Shit, he made a sound like a scared animal, like a small high pitched whine. Quick! Say something, anything really!
“Twenty seconds.” The seconds ticked off almost excruciatingly slow, all the while Cas was hurt and dy— no can’t think that. Dean refused to think that anything bad would happen to Cas.
“You and I both know had he been in his normal self, he would’ve agreed in a heartbeat; just as you would have.”  Dean swallowed the burst of protests because it wasn’t really helping but he couldn’t help fearing that Cas would end up even more screwed than he already was; and not in the good way. Sam crouched and ran to the other side of the street and jumped over the fence forcing Dean to follow him.
“Well, I don’t know about you two but I’m going to canvas the area and check if I can get some idea what we’re dealing with. The families didn’t have any useful information to give me. I might have to go over the places Cas checked out if canvasing doesn’t pan out though.” Sam was already putting on his jacket and Dean felt a twinge of fear flash trough him.
“Really Sam, that’s where you want to go?” Idiot brother, he was just smirking back at him like he was the funniest person in the world. Which he wasn’t. “Now that Sleeping Beauty is awake, what do we do?”
“Even has his eyes.” Crowley confirmed.
“Hang in there, alright.” His world was out of whack, it was like Dean had lost his footing and he was falling and falling and falling with nothing as a safe line and no relief of crashing in sight. It wasn’t a dream from which you woke up with a start when you hit the ground. “What do we do?” Sam was asking him and he had no idea what to answer back. He didn’t know and that made Dean feel even worse.
“Sam.” Dean growled threateningly but the jerkface simply laughed.
“Like somebody tried to rip out my arm.” Dean tried not to sound too sarcastic but doggone his arm was killing him. It was pulsing with each beat and there was pressure around the pulsing bite marks and that pressure was almost unbearable. He could already see by the shape of the bandages that his shoulder was swollen.
From the corner of his eye he saw a flash of black and something warm splashed him in the face. He could hear hissing and yowling and the pressure was released from his trachea and shoulder. Now that there was nothing keeping him upright Dean slumped to the floor. His shoulder was aching and pain pulsed in the wounds with each beat of his heart. Shaking his head to clear the muddle of pain and oxygen deprivation and the shock which was trying to set in Dean tried to concentrate on the scene in front of him. CasCat was biting and scratching Bastet with all he got and evading her swinging hands. With the last ounces of energy he pushed himself back to his feet just in time to see Sam plunging the bone deep inside Bastet’s chest. The scream that came out of her mouth was toe curling and Dean couldn’t resist throwing his hands to his ears to block out the sound. The flash of pain from his shoulder made his eyes go white before blacking out.
“I haven’t found anything useful on cat transformations either.” While Dean had been going through the pictures Sam had started cleaning up the room.
. He’d been generous enough to look past the vomiting and she’d said
In the back of his head he knew he should acknowledge the words coming from his brother’s mouth but Cas was just staring at him with a miniscule smile that crinkled the corners of his eyes. His hair was sticking up from the left side of his head because he’d been leaning his head on his hand perched on the window while he drove. He did that and Dean didn’t think it was cute, no not at all.
Cas had left. He had responsibilities and crap. For a few moments though he’d looked like a lost puppy, kind of like in the early days when he started to question everything he knew. But Cas had left before Dean could get his wits about him and — what? What was he going to do? He had no idea what he was supposed to do now that he had this
“Stepson actually, but yes.”
THANKS! Thanks a freaking bunch! That bloody well cleared up all the questions I had! I'm clearly an effing awesome note writer because now I see where I wanted to take this story....
“Jody thinks you two look ‘simply adorable’.” Sam was snickering at his phone while Dean tried to wrap his head around the fact that his idiot of a brother had taken a photo of him and Cas sleeping together and sent it to other people!
Simon rounded up the corner to his street when he stumbled on a bag lying on the middle of the road.
“Well this day just keeps on getting better.” Dean rose to his feet. Outside he was annoyed but inside he couldn’t help but to feel a hint of something positive. The faintest hint of reassurance. Crowley was the demon they loved to hate and hated to love and he had come to warn them, hopefully help them as well. With Crowley you never knew what you got but just this time Dean tried to ignore the voice that was whispering in his ear that everything was going to be fucked up and he was going to end up alone just as he deserved to be.
“You are my hero.” Dean mumbled out and took a sip of the hot black liquid trying not to scald the roof of his mouth with it.
Dean had pulled up to the driveway, parked next to the other cars and gotten out, feeling extremely self-conscious because his muscles weren’t as defined as they had been ten years ago and the leather pants were just a tiny bit too tight to be comfortable.
Having nothing productive to do other than wait for Sam or Donatello come up with any theories, Dean turned towards TV.
“Because people have gone missing right smack in the place also called the
Dean nearly jolted as Cas’s hand sneaked to his thigh and few seconds later Cas was leaning against him. Dean lifted his right arm around Cas, pulling him closer to him. Maybe he could be bold, maybe he could have this. Just maybe, maybe it wasn’t all a pretend.
“Your friend was trespassing.”
Suddenly there was a crack and a blinding light left him blind. His hand flew to cover his eyes but it took a while for his eyesight to come back and he saw Crowley holding two pieces of the lance. “The magic’s in the craftsmanship.” Crowley told like it answered everything and Dean was so close to biting his head off. If Cas wasn’t in such a bad shape he’d get up and kick his posh arse back to the lowest levels of hell.
“SAMMY!” You’d think that with the amount of times they had been thrown across rooms because of the baddies Dean would’ve gotten used to it but no. It hurt like hell each time and each time he saw his brother hurt it caused his heart to twist.
“I don’t know, he’s your boyfriend.” Dean could see the smile he was trying to hold in.
“I’m getting too old for this shit.” He mumbled to his feet. They’d spent the night in a motel and the bed had been too hard and the pillow too big and he’d slept horribly. The tips of black leather shoes joined the ones already seated at the table on his left.
“That is only natural.”
“Hurrr.” Cas looked utterly flabbergasted almost like he couldn’t believe what was coming from his mouth and Dean could relate. Cas opened his mouth again but only a meow came out and at the same time Dean sneezed.
“He is a cute little kitten, isn’t he?” Sam asked but before Dean could tell him to shut up Cas hissed at him. Dean snorted and tried not to smile too happily when Cas looked pleased with himself. Sam returned to his computer, rifling through the digital copies of the Men of Letters archives.
“As long as I need to.” Dean sighed and held out the scrap of paper for Sam who was trying to ignore it like his life depended on it. “Just forward the damn info, Sammy.” Dean got up, took the pack of beers out of Sam’s hands and thrust the paper to his palm. Were all brothers this insufferable or was he simply blessed with one?
“Okay, buddy. I’ll see you later.” Cas left the room, quietly closing the door after him, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts, cradling the cup in his palms and missing the press of Cas’ palm on his shoulder.
They joined Callum at the sofa, Cas sitting so close he was almost in Dean’s lap. Callum kept staring at the two of them with a contemplative stare. Dean took Cas’s hand in his as if he had done it a million times, crowding in Castiel’s space like he belonged there. After all Cas had wanted Sam to act as his boyfriend. If he was fine with acting like he was in a relationship with his brother, he would be fine with him acting. Cas hadn’t sent him packing when he came in so it must be fine. Dean decided to let his guard down, do what he wanted to do with Cas. The place was filled with gay people, transgenders and this was a room that definitely wouldn’t judge him touching another man. Dean didn’t know why that mattered.
Dean was pushed back and in an effort to gain his balance he stumbled around and he was suddenly with his back to the baddie. That was never good but Dean had his breath knocked out of him and he needed a moment. He looked back only to see Ramiel with an evil grin and a laugh, holding the lance in front of him like readying himself to a jousting match but one where Dean had nothing to counteract the assault. Luckily his brother was on point and with moves practiced over the years of fighting, he managed to throw Ramiel off his game. Mary managed to plunge the Angel Blade deep in to Ramiel’s back but he wasn’t stopped. A move well executed shifted the power to Sammy and without a pause the staff was pushed to Ramiel’s chest. The moment stood still and Ramiel started laughing. Dean was just finding his breath and trying to gather up his wits to bring on the second assault with his brass knuckles when Ramiel lifted his head and he flashed out of existence. The fight was over and the air was filled with the piercing smell of sulfur.
Before he knew it hours had gone by and he had immersed himself deep into the world of pregnancy; more than he was comfortable to admit. He would be damned if Sam found out how much he was enjoying himself reading all these different articles. The last article he read was how babies can hear noise from outside the womb. It was important for mothers to communicate with their babies; whether it be by voice or by touch. Him being a male and this being a pregnancy brought on by a mystic casting a spell. He had only felt the baby move once before when Sam took him to the healer, but it was more of a flutter or a rolling movement. He wasn't quite sure how much of this applied to him but he figured he would give it a try.
At this point, only speculation was present. But it did get them a little worried as well.
"Thank you."
“Yes.” Said Cas as he took a few steps back from Dean.
“Who is it? And what's with the face?"
Again, Bobby and Sam shared a look which made Dean suspicious. Sam lied right through his teeth to his brother and knew the moment those words left his mouth he would regret them. He has never been good at lying especially to his brother. “Just some graffiti, like Elaine said.”
Dean looked to his brother in curiosity, "Clue me in."
I do not own Supernatural or the characters on the show. They were merely an inspiration for a fan fiction writer.
“Come on, Dean. Maybe it could give us the answer we are looking for.”
Sam took a sip of coffee before returning to his food, “No. My mind wouldn’t rest. How about you? Did you get any rest?” He pulled the laptop towards him to work on it.
Sam walked down to Dean’s bedroom to find him lounging in bed watching Netflix.
Bobby looked back and forth between the two brothers again, "What is going on with you two? Ever since I arrived something feels off and I'll be damned if I don't get some answers."
Sam smiled at his remark, "I have a friend, Mark, who is coming into town for a hunt. Dean was going to help me with it, but it might be best if you help instead.
“I saw Dean Winchester.”
“Hey, Dean. It’s Garth.”
"Lose something, Sammy?"
Clearan finally graces the Winchesters with his presence and it cost them dearly.
Sam rushed out the room and returned in a flash with the necessary items. He watched as Bobby dabbed Dean's forehead with the cloth. They received a groan response, Bobby then took the glass of water and tipped it to Dean's lips. They could see he was taking water in by his Adam's apple moving up and down. Dean's eyes were still closed though.
Dean looked up towards it as he slammed shut the laptop, “Hey, how did it go?”
Dean know composed inquired as to why his brother was calling, “Nothing. What do you got?”
"I will let him calm down before I go see whats up."
Sam raised his eyebrows, as if to say ‘sure that is the reason.' before responding, "No but I’ll try again later." He sat down at the table to be served by Dean. He was handed a bacon double cheeseburger and fries. Dean also put a plate of nachos down on the table before he sat his plate down with two bacon double cheeseburgers. Sam watched as Dean dug into his food making enjoyment noises as he chewed.
Sam nodded in agreement.
Sam inquired, “What?”
Her demeanor did not change even with an angel blade to her throat, “Your threat is unwelcomed. I will return when I have felt you have come to your senses so we can rationally discuss Dean’s fate.” She apparated out of the veil.
Bobby threw the only book they had on Drakkoons into the center of the table as well as some ancient language books, "Lets get cracking."
Sam looked at his brother somberly and sighed.
Dean turned the TV on to kill some time while he waited for his friend to return. He must had been waiting a while because he fell asleep. Cas appeared to him in his dream and warned him that it wasn't safe to be far from the bunker. Dean startled awake to the feeling of being watched, at first he thought he saw Cas standing there but instead it was Garth, "Jesus." Dean's hand clenched his chest, "what are you doing standing there?" He sat straighter on the couch.
“We crossed the Iowa state line about fifteen minutes ago. We’ve got another hour before we see Bobby.”
Elaine opened her screen door to let them all in. Everybody headed into the living room. Jodi sat down next to Elaine on the couch while Bobby stood between the couch and the armchair Sam sat in. Dean stood on the other side of Sam leaning on the armchair. Dean felt strange upon entering the house, but try to brush it off as nothing. He didn’t want to alarm Sam or Bobby, so he acted as causal as he could.
Dean stopped Cas before he could continue, “Are you telling me that I am carrying a child in me?”
Just when Sam and Bobby didn’t think things could get worse for Dean they did. The third night after Dean’s return things took a turn for the worst. Dean woke Bobby and Sam up by yelling Castiel’s name. They barged into his room to find him still asleep and drenched in sweat.
Bobby looked back and forth between the mill and Dean, “Fine.”
Sam grabbed his brother's arm to help him up off the ground, "Come on, Dean. Let's go home."
Sam hung up the phone as his brother was coming out of the restaurant with the food they ordered. He was leaning up against the Impala when Dean approached him with the food. He informed his brother that Bobby was heading out on a quick hunt and would be back tomorrow. Dean opened the passenger door to put the food in the car when they heard a scream coming from around the restaurant building. The brothers armed themselves and head over towards the noise.
Sam stood from his chair and started pacing, “Aren't you just a little bit curious about this? I mean think about. . . .”
“You two ready to go?” Luckily Cas got the hint or decided it wasn’t worth his time to pursue a more understandable answer.
“You’re not talking about temperature wise?”
“And this correlates to this case how?” Damn, could the man be any more confused and adorable looking?
“Not r—“ Before Cas could even end his sentence Sam was almost hollering over him to drown out anything he might have said.
“Just don’t do that shit again, Cas!” He hissed back, trying to message with his eyes for Cas to just take his word as gospel and drop it with the questions.
Dean could feel the joy and relief of the kill tinted with worry over what Ramiel had told them; there was no cure for Cas. Just as Dean managed to get himself under control, Cas shouted out in agony. Dean’s stomach was once again in turmoil and what he saw made him nearly pass out. Black goo was coming out of Cas’s mouth and the fear intensified inside Dean. Cas’s eyes turned upwards and all Dean could think of was ‘
Sam’s head lolled on his chest and shot back up again for a few times before a loud snore filled the room. It sounded almost too loud and too obnoxious given the situation.
When Mary had appeared, brought back from death he’d been overjoyed, happy that he had a chance to have his mother back and glad they had a chance to get to know each other. Things started out good. He introduced Mary to Cas and they hit it off almost immediately. They found Sam and made peace with the British Men of Letters and after a few weeks things started to go down. Mary started going on solo hunts, taking longer and longer to get back and refusing help, other than that from Cas. She pulled herself further and further away from them and then the blow out happened.
The Goddess turned back towards Dean and he almost let out a sigh of relief. At least when the bitch was looking at him Sam was safe. He could take the beating and the torture and everything the beasties gave but he couldn’t handle seeing his family in dangers way. He couldn’t stand watching his brother get hurt.
“Hi, I’m Dean, here to see Castiel.” Sammy hadn’t said anything about a fake name so he’d hoped Cas had used their real names.
“He?” Dean blanched on the pronoun and he could feel sweat trickle down from his neck to his back.  A dude was flirting with Cas.
“So, what did you find out? Anything interesting?” Dean tore the pack open and pulled out three beers.
Dean moved to stand next to Cas, keeping him close to his side and making sure that his eyes were telling the man dressed as a cheaep hooker that there would be no more touching allowed if he wanted to keep his hands and legs attached to his body.
“You wanna go for a ride?” Dean asked pushing in the key and twisting it to get Baby roar to life. The purr of the engine and the vibration of the car made him feel a tiny bit better. She always had done that. When the self-doubt and negativity was weighing him down all he had to do was jump behind the wheel and drive. It never mattered where he went or what he saw once he got there, it was all about the feeling of being connected, having control over something, some tiny part in his life under his command.
On the way to the bunker he’d thought about how he was finally going to say the right things after everyone got over the fact that their mom had pulled a classic Winchester-move and been resurrected. But then another situation was thrown into the mix. Sam had been kidnapped. Dean just couldn’t catch a break! Like come on man, seriously? It was always flying from one bad situation to the next, possibly even worse scenario, time and time again. So that was why he was so surprised when he found himself daydreaming of another future. He was starting to see that there was always going to be things to hunt, things to kill but that all of it wasn’t on his shoulders alone. He was starting to see that not all bad things were his fault. He was starting to see himself as
to be such a dick to those he cared about and he’d been making good process so far. All it took was one word to throw him off course. The late 80’s Ford F-series truck wasn’t really all that douchey but Dean was feeling too shaky cause he’s brain had provided him with a very inappropriate image of Cas naked at the back of the truck he drove.
“Sam.” There was no real oomph behind his words. This was something that had been talked about a million times already.
Two hours later Sam was still quiet, listening to some book or podcast or whatnot the hip kids these days listened to on their way-too-smart smart phones. Dean was getting suspicious. It was going to be bad. He was sure of it. His heart rate escalated at the thought and made cold sweat form at the back of his neck
The wheels screeched to a halt and every ounce of him was telling him to run, run to Cas and make sure he’s okay but a lifetime of hunting made him go to the trunk and get weapons. A Winchester didn’t walk into danger with his pants down. Okay, maybe they did, but they were a bunch of idiots when it came to saving people, especially when it came to saving their near and dear.
“Cas, come on.” There was no way he was leaving Cas behind. Not like this. Never like this, not while he was hurt. Mary and Sam came to stand around him and Cas. He could hear his brother taking in a breath and swallowing and he knew Sammy wouldn’t leave him either.
Dean pushed the thoughts away, deciding to just bite the bullet and get it over with. He looked around the room, trying to find Cas in the crowd of unfamiliar faces.
They returned back to silence until about fifteen minutes later when Dean told Sam to pull the car over. “Pull over.”
They both looked at Dean who was comfortably asleep.
"Cas' grace was only suppose to ride along until I completed Orandriel's mission to unite heaven and hell. She wasn't aware that Drakkoon demons were roaming the earth. So, she got the clever idea to protect his grace by planting it inside another being" Dean pointed to his abdomen.
Sam laughed at his brother, “Weird pregnancy dreams. Check.”
“I'm guessing it has something to do with your prayer. Prayers can be very powerful.”
Castiel watched as Sam grabbed the feather from Dean and held it up at eye level, “Castiel sent it?”
Dean had to admit that he did feel a little better than he was, "Back to research?"
Sam approached his brother and knelt beside him, “Dean, how do you not find your symptoms concerning? There is obviously something seriously wrong with you.”
At this point, Dean's head hurt from all the deciphering and is body ached from sitting in the same spot without lower back support. He leaned back in his chair and laced his hands just under the curve of his swollen abdomen in his lap, ”Why can’t anything ever be easy?”
“What are you hunting now?” asked Sam.
Sam sat there laughing to himself at his brother's embarrassment. He liked teasing his brother about it because it made Dean so uncomfortable. Sam raised his hands in surrender, "Okay, calm down. But it did get you out of your funk."
As they were pulling up, Dean started to have second thoughts about the whole thing. He just hoped that his appearance would go unnoticed by Jody which it probably would because he had not seen her in quite some time. Upon getting out of the car, the three of them could sense something was up. As they entered the building their suspicions were confirmed. Everyone inside was running around acting like they were planning for a big bust. They saw Jody in the middle directing some of her deputies and before they had a chance to make their presence known she turned around and saw them, “Am I glad to see you guys.”
Sam took his lunch from his brother, “I asked Jody to send over a copy of the results.”
The brothers shared a puzzled look. Sam inquired, "Plan?"
Dean turned to his left to look at Castiel,“No, Cas. I am not leaving without you.” He then returned his attention back to Orandriel, “What’s it going to be?”
“It’s nothing to worry about, okay. I’m going to go get something for my headache and take a nap.” Dean slowly stood from his chair using the table as support. He slowly took a step to make sure that he had his footing then exited towards his room.
Bobby looked over at Sam trying to figure out what in the world was going on, "Condition?"  Sam said nothing in response to his question.
Sam put the book down in his hand and grabbed another one. Dean grabbed the book from his brother, "Come on, Sammy."
Micka was on his way out of the dining room before he turned around and inquired, “What are we to do about Dean Winchester?”
"What?" Dean looked panicked, "This was suppose to be an ongoing joke between the two of us." Dean looked like he was going to be sick. Sam helped him into a chair. Dean stared at the floor has he tried to comprehend what his brother was getting at. Sam jumped as Dean leapt from his chair and over to a pile of books. He was frantically looking through them like his life depended on it.
But slowly he could feel a change happening inside his head. He didn’t know when it started or why but he was starting to fight those negative thoughts. Slowly he’d started to exorcise his inner demons. And if Dean was good at something, it was exorcising demons.
“Dude! What the fuck?!” Dean shoved Cas off him and tried to ignore the sudden fluttering in his stomach at Cas’ face so close to his. Sam was startled awake and nearly managed to roll off the bed. Cas had backed against the wall and held himself tight and he kept staring at either him or at Sam. It was almost as if he was waiting for either of them to attack him.
“Yeah we can, and we will,” Dean jumped up from the floor “he’s not normal Sam!”
Dean could see Sam trying to bite his cheek when Cas plopped himself on Sam’s bed and started licking the back of his hand before rubbing it behind his ear.
“So what exactly happened here?” Sam asked while holding up a rope. “Indulging in your desires in BDSM?” The “oomph” that came out of Sam’s mouth was incredibly satisfying when the Bible hit him in the stomach.
“They were trained to be the generals to lead demonic armies in the war against Heaven.” Cas’s worry didn’t go away but it grew with each passing second.
Dean had been skimming through his emails when he’d spotted a forwarded message from one of Bobby’s emails. Someone called Stefano from Denver was reaching out to Bobby because gruesome killings were happening in his town. He wrote how the killings were dismissed as animal killings but Stefano wasn’t that sure. Without even finishing reading the whole message he pulled out his phone.
Having an affectionate CasCat had been weird; weird in a good way. It had filled him with the same kind of longing and love that he’d felt only once before. It was pure and innocent and scary and goddamn meaningful.
She was advancing Dean with a look that could kill on her face. CasCat was trying to trip her but being a small cat has its disadvantages. Sam jumped at her, trying to plunge the cat bone deep into her chest cavity but she saw him and Sam was pushed to the side with force. A thrum of dread ran through Dean on seeing his brother flung across the room.
profound bond
Dean ran his fingers through his hair and sighed out loud. “And why am I a boyfriend?” Sammy tried to mask the snicker as a cough but he failed miserably.
“What the hell’s a Prince of —Hell?” It sounded ridiculous and it felt even more ridiculous to say out loud. A Prince of Hell? Hell started to sound a lot more like a fairy tale land than an actual
“No, you listen to me,” Cas looked so serious, so firm about what he had to say that Dean had trouble taking in air. The musky scent of the barn would be forever etched in his mind with this image and Dean was sure his dreams would be haunted with the smell. “You, look, thank you. Thank you.” Dean’s stomach gave an unpleasant churn at the words and the meaning behind them. This was a good bye. Cas wasn’t planning on surviving this. And like Dean, not too long ago, he was saying what he needed so that he could leave in peace. Dean could feel fury bubbling inside him but most of all he felt defeated. Defeated, scared and sad.
The black tail moved with each step Cas took and Dean could feel his mouth watering with excess saliva at the vision of Cas’s ass in the black fabric.
“I’m sure he was just being nice—“
Cas looked content, pleased, as he manoeuvred himself around Dean and
-business and the reason they had lost their mother all those years ago.
Sam ended the call and all Dean could do was stare at the phone in his hand like it was the most peculiar and dangerous thing in the whole wide world.
“Hey! That’s not true,” Dean pointed his finger at Sam at the false accusation. “I like cats; it’s the cat’s that don’t like me. Plus, I’m allergic to them.”
He didn’t want to turn back around and see Cas hurt and on the brink of death but things had gone too quiet after the flash. After taking a deep breath Dean turned around, steeling himself to see those blackened scars crisscross on Cas’s face. His eyes widened. Cas looked normal. “Cas?”
Sam excused himself to the toilet and left Dean and Cas at the table in an uncomfortable silence. Dean felt extremely weird all of a sudden. The word “sexy” kept bouncing around in his head. He still couldn’t believe he’d said that. On the other hand, it wasn’t too long ago that he’d described Cas as “devastatingly handsome”. The waitress came by to clear the plates and Dean turned towards Cas, trying to think of something, anything to say or ask. He found himself distracted by a spot on Cas’ face.
Dean had never thought of himself as perfect. Hell, he was definitely at the other end of that spectrum. But he’d been raised to think family was the most important thing there was and you never, ever abandoned family. Of course Sam had been brought up differently because Dean had been the one to actually raise Sam because dad was out hunting most of the times. He’d shielded Sam from all the responsibilities he’d had and dad had never thrust those things to Sam either. There was no point because it was Dean’s job to take care of Sam.
“Anyway,” Sam pulled out his phone, “I found some strange markings all over the town.” Dean shuffled through the photos. The pictures faintly reminded him of hieroglyphs but dead languages never were his strong suit. “I’m waiting to hear back from Donatello if he can tell us something about them.”
“Hey, Stefano Moretti?”
Then Castiel turned around and Dean’s brain was yelling at him to look at anywhere else but his eyes were glued on the bulge. The sounds of the party were coming to his ears as muffled and the world stopped existing for Dean. He felt heat flaring in him like a supernova. Something that felt like desperation and
“Don’t you want this, Dean?” Cas had his hand pressed against Dean’s bare chest, pushing the shirt and exposing Dean’s skin to the cool air. “Do you not want me?”
with its princes and kings.
Dean tried to focus on the people around them but he was distracted by Cas sitting in his lap. Cas was talking with Callum who had luckily stopped the excessive flirting with Cas. Cas leaned back against Dean’s chest and ran his fingers over Dean’s arms absentmindedly. He seemed at ease where he was and Dean hummed in appreciation. This was something he wasn’t used to having, intimacy, touching without sex. It felt damn nice.
said with Cas’ deep voice caused Dean to go into near panic mode. “When was this? Are you alright? Why didn’t you call us? —“
Dean headed to the beverage table and grabbed two bottles of beer. He turned around and suddenly he was crowded by Cas. He was standing so close Dean could feel him from chest to knee. “Dean.” A shiver ran up his spine at the way Cas said his name. Cas had a habit of doing that. The first time Castiel the Angel had said his name, Dean had felt his pulse quicken and the affect hadn’t lessened in the years they’d known each other. There was something sinful and intimate in the depth of Castiel’s voice when he said Dean’s name.
“Dean, it’s Cas.” Dean was using all of his body strength to keep the bed in front of the bathroom door while Sam tried to move it. Sam took a deep breath and straightened himself up. “What’s going on Dean?” He was doing the grown-up thing, trying to be the more sensible one and Dean hated it. He was the big brother, he was the more sensible one! Sometimes things just needed a more immature way of handling things.
“So you traded the pimpmobile to a douchey pickup truck?” Dean wanted to shoot himself in the face when he saw a flash of hurt cross Cas’ features. All it took was a bucket load of worry to revert Dean back to his old defences. He’d been learning so hard
SUPERNATURAL
“Okay.” Cas smiled back at him before getting off the car. Dean tried to tell himself that he wasn’t expecting anything, but he was lying to himself through his teeth. Anticipation coiled low in his abdomen as he followed Castiel to his room. Dean tried not to get his hopes up, it was easier to not hope for good things since life had a way of screwing everything up.
When the, what he really thought was the end, came he’d gotten a chance to say goodbye, say his peace and walk with his head held high. At least that had been his plan. In the end he’d gotten cold feet and said the wrong words and then before he’d had the chance to say the right things, he’d gotten interrupted and the moment was over before it even really begun.
Cas started rutting against Dean, seeking friction and Dean was in heaven. He could come from just this and it would be perfect because it was Cas. Cas was touching him everywhere and pulling Dean closer with urgency. Dean could feel his orgasm closing but he wanted to feel Cas naked on him, he wanted to touch him. He pushed their clothing back as far as he could and took both their dicks on his hand.
“Shit, Cas! No I didn’t want a taste myself!” Out of the corner of his eye he could see Sam coming closer.
“Dean.” Cas sounded wrecked, making Dean feel proud of himself. He trailed his hands towards Cas’s ass, pulling his hips flush against his. Cas was hard and felt incredible against Dean. Dean guided them to the bed while Cas cling to him. They fell on their side and Dean pulled Cas on top of him. The weight of him felt amazing. He loved when women were on top of him but having Cas’s firmer and heavier body on him was something entirely better. It took his breath away to see Cas looking down at him with lust filled eyes. They were going to do this. Holy shit, they were actually doing this.
They ate in near silence. Enjoying their food, well he and Sam did, Cas was simply going through the motions since he didn’t actually need food.
(See the end of the chapter for
There were times in his life he’d felt incredibly jealous of his brother. He’d had a chance of making a life for himself outside of hunting (even though that had been a complete lie in the end), he’d had options and he’d had a chance to make choices more freely than Dean did.
“Dean!?” It was the second time in 24 hours that Sam had come in to the room sounding worried. This time he had his gun propped in front of him as he glanced around the room that looked thoroughly ransacked. The table was overturned, a chair was broken with pieces of tape and rope scattered around it, the bedcovers on the bed closest to the door were in a rumple like someone had fought on it and the other bed was propped against the bathroom door. “DEAN!?”
“Suck on people’s thumbs in public places!”
“Sleeping Beauty, eh?” Dean couldn’t stop himself from throwing a pillow at his annoying little brother who was way too overgrown to be normal and sat down to his bed.
Now that they had dealt with the situation with Darkness, it was almost like a clean slate. Their actions hadn’t caused any big ‘the whole world at risk’-type of situation. All was in a way well in the world. He and his brother hadn’t caused any new supernatural crisis that they themselves had to put right. Lucifer was back in his cage, the Darkness was no longer an issue and he didn’t have the Mark on his arm. Demons were still Demons and Angels were still dicks with wings. They had their own problems and they could deal with them on their own. The Winchesters could do what they did best without the added pressure of saving the world.
“Dean.” His smile was starting to fall from his lips because Cas sounded worried.
“Dean.” Dean’s head whipped instantly towards the door and Castiel standing at the door. He looked good; he sounded good and godawful sexy with his low and gravelly voice.
CasCat lay down and turned to his side, purring and pushing his face against Dean’s hand while trying to hold Dean’s hand in place with his paws. He tried not to grin but he was failing perfectly.
“He just lost his son, I’m sure he wasn’t flirting with me.” Cas’ eyebrows were furrowed and his mouth was a tiny bit open. Dean tried not to let his gaze linger too long on Cas’ lips.
Dean found Baby in the parking lot and leaned on her for support. His palms on her hood grounded him. That night John had disappeared and left the Impala behind for Dean. Somehow that had made it all so much worse. It had been like John wanted nothing to remind him of them, his family. Dean had been left behind in an empty home, like a pet left behind when the family moved away, left with nothing but his bowls of water and food and a shelter he once thought of as home but realizing it was nothing without his family filling it with warmth. Dean felt the tears burning at the back of his eyes. He didn’t want to think about that time of his life.
Through the window he could see people dressed in costumes and Dean had felt slightly better as he’d knocked on the door.
Surprisingly old and deep voice answered back to him. While reading his email he’d thought the man would sound younger.
Dean felt himself starting to snooze. Sam had found nothing to help them and decided to hit the hay in the next bed. Dean didn’t want to move and disturb Cas who was still curled at his feet but his legs were starting to ache and he couldn’t sleep in his current position anyway. Dean tried to move his legs carefully but Cas opened his eyes anyway.
He’d had changed to the clothes none the less at a gas station ten minutes away from the address. Sammy had been an ass and decided not to tell Dean what he was walking into, saying only that Cas would tell everything once he got there.
“Sam and I are heading out to interview the last victim’s family.” Cas’ hand was still heavy on his shoulder and the warmth of it was soothing and grounding.
with the waitress and Dean could breathe a tiny bit better.
“Dude, you can’t keep Cas locked in a bathroom.”
Dean kind of had a thing about pickup trucks. Ever since he’d seen Jack Bish jump down his shiny black pickup at Walshgrave high with his windswept hair and jean jacket thrown over his shoulder, Dean had been screwed. Dean had felt flustered and nearly tripped over the steps leading up to the school and made an ass out of himself. He didn’t really know what was it about trucks that made is blood pool hotly in his groin area but there he was, staring at Cas like a scared animal and wishing for his blood to flow anywhere else than downwards.
“Not yet —“
“Cas, what are you doing?” He managed to stutter out and Cas’ only reply was to plop himself on Dean’s lap and looked thoroughly pleased with himself.
Dean was startled out of his thoughts by the bed dipping and Cas crawling towards him. Dean had to gulp. Cas was staring straight at him, no, through him, like he could see everything he is, was and will be, in a single glance while still moving towards him. He wanted to ask what he was doing but he couldn’t. He couldn’t physically open his mouth and ask.
Once Dean was as weaponized as he could be, he hurried towards the barn door. A groan filled the air and made his heart plummet down to his stomach. Sam slid the barn door open and a gun poised in front of him and Dean stepped inside.
“Nothing much. The vic’s are all from different age, gender and ethnicity groups. The disappearances have happened sporadically. Luckily the last known whereabouts of the victims is about five to seven mile radius so we shouldn’t have a too much of a problem scouting the area.”
?” The word
It was near noon when they finally made it to Milton, Vermont the next day. Dean was nearly falling asleep on the passenger side when Sam pulled up in front of a Diner. Sam and Cas had both ganged up on him and forced him to give up the keys after he nearly drove off the road that morning. Head hung low he trailed after his brother inside the Diner. The smell of grease and salt was almost overwhelming Dean and he could feel his mouth watering as he slid on to the seat opposite Sam. He leaned his forehead on the table and groaned loudly. His neck was killing him. He’d been perched on the door with his neck at an awkward angle and now it was aching.
Castiel’s pupils were blown, making his eyes appear almost black. Dean lifted his other hand to Cas’s cheek and leaned in to kiss his Angel. He couldn’t believe he was doing this. He couldn’t believe he was doing this with Cas. He couldn’t believe Cas was kissing him back. Holy shit! Cas was kissing him back and it was better than he had ever imagined. Dean plunged his tongue inside Cas’s mouth, tasting him with a need he had never felt before.
Dean could hear the humour in Sammy’s voice.
As Cas moaned in agony and tried to get himself in order Dean was released from his hold and he had to look away. From the corner of his eye he could see Mary looking at him without a word, mouth open and eyes deep with what Dean thought of as worry.
after all.
Simon kicked the can against a tree in the park just behind his house. “He shoots! He scores!” He dropped to his right knee, pumping his fist in the air in mock celebration before throwing his shirt over his head and running aimlessly around the park. “Of course I’d have rather shot my load inside Becky.” Simon muttered to himself as he pushed the now misshapen shirt over his head and back down to cover his chest. “It seems it’s just you and me, eh buddy?” He continued while looking at his right hand before grasping the front of his jeans and adjusting his dick inside.
"What is going on with you? Earlier you were gun ho for a hunt and now you're acting like someone stole your puppy." A look of realization came over Sam's face then he chuckled, "Are you having mood swings?"
Bobby agreed, “Could also be why you became ill at the barn as well.”
The only response they received was a groan.
“No! I don’t.”
"I don't know. I don't really feel right leaving you here in your condi. . ."
Bobby and Sam looked at each other while Dean stood there completely clueless to what was going on. Bobby and Sam contemplated on how much to share with Jody for various reasons. Sam decided to answer her question without answering it, “I can’t say for sure until we know more.”
The demon groaned in pain as blood gushed from his left leg.
“You can’t think that, Dean.”
“Enough!” Clearan yelled as he grabbed Dean's face to force eye contact. His gaze dropped down to his round abdomen. Clearan let go of his face to graze the left side of his belly, “Now, if you don’t mind, you have something I want and I always get what I want. Lets proceed, shall we?” Dean felt violated and his face grimaced at the touch. Clearan snapped his fingers as he walked backwards away from Dean. A table with a large silver bowl and various ingredients appeared before him. Next to the table was a chair. Dean and Sam shared a look before they returned their gaze back to the Alpha. Dean knew what was probably coming next and discreetly tried to loosing the chains from the wall.
“I found this one opened to the Drakkoons.” A look of realization covered Sam’s face, “Cas.”
Dean walked back to the trunk to grab some restraints so they could take him back to the bunker and question him.
Garth chuckled and softly punched Dean's right arm, “That you're in a family way. Congrats.” He tapped the side of his nose before continuing, "When Bess was expecting our children, they each had an individual smell that resembles their personality. Yours smells like a mixture of honey and motor oil."
Cas stood there, "I know. I'm sorry. I wasn't able to leave." He sighed before continuing, "What happened Dean?"
Although none of them slept, they found comfort in their new found ambition to locate the dagger. After talking a little, the three of them concluded that would be their main focus until the dagger was in their hands. Well except for Dean, his main focus, at least for the moment, is breakfast.
Guilt was writing all over Sam's face, “It’s not Mark.”
“Ive been thinking.”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean laid his head back on the pillow and waved towards his brother in a manner that said ‘I’m fine and I’ll be down in a minute.’
This cued him that Dean was done talking and wished to be left alone. So he stood up from the bed and started to walk out. “Well, if you need anything you know where to find me.”
Sam said nothing and went back to his book. Dean set a timer on his phone then started pacing the floor. When it dinged he left to retrieve them from the restroom he returned and slammed both tests down in front of Sam. By his brother’s action, Sam knew it was not good news meaning that they showed positive.
"I brought you to a local healer.”
"Just making sure you're going to help us because we really need it right now. Sam can't go after it on his own."
Sam helped is brother outside to Bobby's car. As he opened the trunk to look for the first aid kit, they both heard a shot go off inside. Bobby exited the house and met up with them. Dean took off his shirt delicately, due to the amount of pain he was in, so Sam could dress his wound. Sam started by digging out the little iron shards but what happened next threw everyone for a loop. The wound glowed white and once the light disappeared Dean was healed; everyone shared a confused look. "What the hell?" stated Bobby in confusion. A little embarrassed by the whole healing ordeal, Dean pulled his shirt back on and got into the back seat of the car. Bobby and Sam followed suit. The whole way back to Bobby's, Dean racked his brain about how he is going to explain this to Bobby. No one said a word on the way back and they continued their night as usual. Bobby put the guns away and met up with the boys in the kitchen. Dean was making dinner and Sam was setting the table. Casual conversation pursued with a couple of laughs.  Sam headed off to bed, Bobby went down to the basement, and Dean headed outside.
Sorry for the late posting. I had the majority of this story written but I am tweaking some of the chapters. Be patient there is more coming. Also, I try to keep the character true to how they are depicted in the show but sometimes I am not sure how they would react to certain situations so sorry if they seem a little out of character sometimes.
“What are you getting?”
She simple responded to his question, “There is no bargaining, Dean. You will go back alone.”
Also, I would like to note that there really is no time in the cosmic veil. So what only feels like hours or days to Castiel in the real world its days or months. I have a few more chapters of Castiel in the veil but if this is not well received I will just stick with following Dean and Sam.
I do not own Supernatural or the characters in the show.
Dean glanced up from the laptop at Sam when he entered the kitchen, “What’s up?” He took a bite of toast waiting for Sam to respond.
"What could be more important than sharing this information?" He picked the book up and waved it around to make his point before placing back down on the table.
Bobby and Sam were becoming very unsettled by how calm Dean had been about his symptoms. Now they knew for sure that Dean knew more than he was telling. They returned to the table determined more than ever to figure out what to do about Dean. Bobby picked up a book then set it down as he looked at Sam and said “Did he just say he was going to take a nap?”
When Bobby and Sam saw the symbols, they knew without a doubt who they belonged too. They each shared a look that Jody did notice and would question them when they were done with Elaine.
Sam interjected, “Some angels who have claimed human bodies as their own when the soul leaves, their grace mixes with human blood to create angel blood.”
"So, it wasn't the book Cas sent us?"
Sam yawned and stretched his arms above his head. It felt like they had been researching for ten hours. He looked at his phone to find they've only been at it for four. The only thing they've come up with was a few loose translations that didn't make too much sense. Drakkoon language was tricky and very different from their spells and sigils. The language looked to be a cross between Enochian and Latin.  He looked at Bobby and Dean to see what they were up too. Dean was fighting sleep and Bobby was hard at work.
"Fine."
“Exactly, a theory. Not to mention I’m a man.”
A week and a half had gone by since Dean and Sam captured Micka and they decided to stay with Bobby. Within that week and a half, they’ve been on one hunt after another, in South Dakota, trying their hardest to protect angels. Jody was receiving phone calls left and right of new sigils. Bobby, Sam, and Dean would scope out the different towns where the sigils were appearing. A few times Dean skipped out on a hunt due to the severity of his symptoms when they were unable to stop an attack. There were only three or four attacks that they were not able to stop for various reasons but the majority of the attacks were stopped.
Sam leaned against the door frame, “Hey. So, I just got a really weird call. Do you remember Mark?'
Dean folded his arms across his chest, "But?"
He heard Sam's disembodied voice, "You know I will."
“That is why I heard breathing and sounds of running on the voicemail.”
“Ok. . . .Its just. . . .” Sam thought about for a while but changed his mind, “When do we leave?”
Enjoy this new chapter.
He brought the book closer to him as he glanced in both brother's direction before looking down at it. They watched intently as he thumbed through the chapter. Bobby looked up at Sam, "Where did you get this?"
"Are we going to stand around here all day or are you going to show me what you found?" Bobby inquired with a mouth full of sandwich. Sam nervously swayed from foot to foot and cleared his throat, "Right. Everything is in the library." He walked away hoping his move would cause the other two to follow. He was getting ready to turn back towards them when he heard their footsteps fall close behind.
"Like I said earlier, we've been busy dealing with something else."
Sam cleared his voice and closed his eyes, "Hey, Cas. Its Sam." He opened up his left eye to look over at Bobby a little embarrassed that he was praying to an angel, "We need some help down here, buddy. Could you provide us with some answers?"
Dean avoided looking at his brother,"Isn't it?"
Dean was waking up as Sam ended his call. He filled his brother in on everything he found. They agreed to call Bobby together and fill him in, as well.
“Maybe Cas knows how they got back?”
“Have you dealt with any angels in the last couple of months?”
Cas was in the veil library looking for a book on ancient language deciphering. He had gone through a few already none of them that would be helpful. He tossed the book he was currently scan aside as Orandriel appeared next to him. She placed a book on the table in front of him, "I believe this is what you are looking for."
Dean stared at his brother wide eyed with a mouth full of food. He looked at the burger in his hand and shrugged his shoulders. Sam sat down at the table, "Would you like my salad too?"
“My head.” Dean responded as Bobby went to grab the book from off the floor.
"Probably not but we need to keep tabs."
Bobby nodded as he cracked open the new bottle.
"I've been trying ever since the last time I saw you. She responses differently each time. Now it's your turn to tell me."
Sam turned around to face Bobby, "What the hell was that?"
Garth looked at Dean suspiciously then his eyes darted to the cabin door then back to Dean.
"I was angry because he was messing with us."
“I don’t know, Bobby. I am still waiting for Cas to clue me in.” Dean sighed then hung his head low, “I should have fought harder to bring him back with me.”
Dean smiled, “I’ve come to collect my brother.”
Dean sighed, "I was afraid of that."
Again, Dean fired the gun when no response was giving into the right leg this time.
“I’m not sure how to help. I. . .”
Dean looked as his brother tears pooling in his eyes, "I, we, knew that the Drakkoons were planning something. It was only a matter of time, Sam." He leaned up against the car, hung his head, and sniffled before looking back at his brother, "I
I do not own Supernatural or the characters of the show.
Bobby eyed them strangely, "So,
He felt sympathy for Dean when he had heartburn, he smiled and chuckled at Dean's craving for healthy foods, he watched in confusion when Dean got emotional over a commercial, and a feeling of joy when he watched Dean nap. He listened to every conversation had by the trio but would only pull himself away for important moments.
"I'm insult that you even have to ask. I'll do anything to waste those demons."
Bobby took a swig of beer, “Be grateful they left breadcrumbs.”
“Thank you.” Dean grabbed another book.
“How about where you went when you died? Who you made a bargain with to be resurrected? Where the hell is Cas?”
Elaine nodded her head as she continued with her story, “Jody told me she would come out and take a look around the place. After I hung up with her, I went out to the backyard to see if I could find any clues as to where my husband could be. That is when I found his clothes neatly folded with a note that said I love you in the garage on his work bench.”
"To prove to you that I have no ill intentions towards you and Castiel."
The doctor printed out a sonogram picture and presented it to Sam, “Stay as long as you to need.” Then left the room.
Dean sat there with a look of wide-eyed bewilderment on his face. Sam watched him slowly put his left hand down to his abdomen.
The next day, Jody called Sam with the results of the black substance.
“Hang tight, okay? I’ll be there soon.” Dean pushed harder on the gas pedal after hanging up with Garth. In the whole panic of the situation, there was one thing that slipped his mind. How was he going to explain to Garth he was pregnant. It is a good thing he had a few hours to figure out how to address the situation once he arrived.
Micka laughed at Dean which prompted him to fire another bullet into his right shoulder.
Dean walked over to the door to look inside, "We are gonna ask him a few questions after we get our answers we will let him go."
Dean chuckled. He raised his right hand to show he had the book, "First, I get my brother than you get the book.”
"I realize that but it doesn't mean I'm not tired." replied Dean. Sam was going to comment but his brother held up his hand to stop him when he realized what he just said, "Don't even say it."
Sam looked up at Dean as he grew closer, "Exactly."
Sam couldn’t figure out the reasoning until he felt movement. He yanked his hand away from his brother and looked at him.
The message was laughed off by Clearan and he called a meeting to set a new path in motion to get the Winchesters off his trail.
“I don’t understand.” Castiel was done playing games with Orandriel and he was quickly losing his patience. He drops the angel blade from his sleeve, “Enough games. I have questions and now that you are here. I won’t let you leave until I get some answers.”
Sam gave him a strange look as he entered the Impala.
She walked over and quickly greeted them with pleasantries. As Sam pulled away from an embrace, he inquired about what was going on, “Hey Jody. . .um. . .what’s going on?”
Dean glared at his brother with such dislike, “So what now, genius?”
Castiel started feeling helpful upon hearing Sam’s response, “Sorry, it’s just this is the book we’ve been looking for.” He continued listening with a grin on his face as Sam read the first few sentences out loud.
“What is your reasoning for being here now?”
Dean felt a need to talk to the empty space surrounding him, "Cas, I'm not sure if you're really there or if this is some delusion I'm imaging to comfort myself." He took a shuttered breath, "I'm so sorry that I put ourselves in this predicament. I'm sorry for failing you."
Dean opened his eyes to a dimly sunlit room. He felt disoriented, his eyes darted around the room searching for his brother. His head was throbbing he moved his right arm to touch the back of his head only to find it chained to the wall. Dean tried to move the rest of his limbs but found they too were chained.  Sam called out to him again, it grounded him and the room came more into focus. He looked over to his right to see his little brother chained up to the wall as well.
"I'm having a really hard time with the fact that you're not curious about your pregnancy. I just . . . I mean. . . Don't you have questions cause I do. Yeah, sure we know nothing about your particular situation. But I can't help and feel like you should be doing something. . I don't know. . . productive."
“So, what are you thinking? Witches and vampires working together?” Dean inquired.
Sam contemplated it for a minute, to him both were equally important, but if he had to choose it would be to find out what other magical beings know of Drakkoon demons, "Feeling up to a hunt?"
He took a big sigh as he laid down on his bed. He wondered how he was going to tell Cas, that's if he doesn't already know. He played various scenarios through his head as he drifted off to sleep.
“It's nothing.” Said Dean as he sat up carefully on the couch.
Cas stepped closer to Dean, "You're welcome. You haven't answered my question, Dean."
Dean had his thinking face on, "Why is the haunting happening now? Was she really a witch?"
Dean matched Bobby's anger, “I know that, Bobby.”
Thank you all so much for the comments and kudos. Sorry my chapters have been so short. I would rather provide you with something then never update. But I can assure you that the next few chapters will be worth the wait and longer in length.
As Sam pulled his phone from his pocket in an attempt to call Mark, Bobby looked around, “Ive got a bad feeling about this."
He smiled at Dean's reaction to his brother, “Dude, I’m sitting right here. Tone it down a little bit.”
Dean tried to stand but was very weak. Sam helped him up off the ground and over to the car. They both loaded into the impala. Sam started the car and they headed to the bunker.
Castiel sat on the floor of his multicolored cell when the walls around him dissolved and he found himself in the bunker watching Sam and Dean have a conversation. They were talking about lores on magical pregnancies. Castiel figured he was witnessing research about a hunt they were working on. He couldn’t understand why was he here. Until he heard Dean’s name as the brothers went back and forth on theories. As Dean stated he was heading to bed, the space around Castiel once again became his multicolored walled cell. After hearing the brother’s conversation, he tried harder than ever to get a hold of Orandriel but still nothing.  He was hoping Dean would dream of him tonight so that they could talk; but it never happened. Suddenly the walls disappeared again and he was back in the bunker once more. He could tell it was a different day due to the brothers change of clothes. Castiel could tell Dean was upset about something. He watched as Dean took a box from Sam’s hand and walk off to return just a few moments later. He approached the table as he waited for Dean to come back. Upon Dean’s return, Castiel continued watching him as he nervously paced the floor. When his cellphone’s alarm went off, he left the library once again. Castiel wanted so badly to understand what was happening and it wasn’t until he saw Dean put two pregnancy tests onto the table. He figured maybe Sam was pranking his brother with some kind of dare because of the lore they discovered. But before he had a chance to really hear what was happening, he was once again pulled back to his multicolored prison. He stood there contemplating everything he had just witnessed. His thoughts then turned to the reason behind witnessing what he figured was a prank between the Winchester brothers but why would Orandriel show him this. As he turned around to get Orandriel’s attention, he found himself face to face with her.
Bobby is waiting outside for Sam and Dean to pull up. He had no idea what the unannounced visit was for. He didn't even know they were in town. He watched as the impala came barreling up the drive. When they came to a sudden stop, he coughed and waved the dust from his face, "What in the hell?"
"What's there to talk about? I asked questions, we got answered and we let him go like we said we would."
“We need to back track our research on magical pregnancies and see if there is anything in that book Cas sent us about my condition.” Dean was unclear if this was Orandriels doing or the Drakkoons.
Sam turned Dean to face him. He would not let his brother self-loath. It was his job now to help Dean pick up the pieces and fight back, "You couldn't of known when or if this was going to happen."
There was silence. Dean cocked the gun and Micka flinched, "His name's Clearan."
Feeling defeated he couldn't bring a win back for his brother, he just shook his head at Bobby and slumped his shoulders forward.
I do not own Supernatural or the characters of the show.
Dean was now sporting a serious hard on as Cas kissed down his stomach to stop just below his navel before returning back to Dean's lips. As Cas kissed Dean with such ferocity, he reached down between their bodies to grab a hold of Dean's erection. Dean gasped into his angel's mouth at the feeling then groaned as friction was created by his angels hand. His eyes rolled back into his head at the pleasure. Cas sat back on his heels and licked his lips before leaning forward to place his mouth on Dean's member. The moment was ruined when Dean turned his head to the right and saw Sam standing their, "Dean! Wake up, Dean!"
“Well the lore didn’t state specifically that the human had to be female.”
Knowing her presence is no longer welcome she leaves Cas to his own devices. He looked around the library at all the items surrounding him knowing it would take him a while to go through everything in there. After looking through a few more books, he decided to call it a day.
"It's a little funny story, actually. A story that could maybe wait until the proper time."
"You couldn't have used something else?"
Sam was under the table looking for his pen, "My pen."
“Cas. . .uh. . . Cas didn't make it back, Bobby.”
"Fine. What's your first question?"
The rest of the day went on uneventful just more research. Dean did come out of his room around one pm but no words were exchanged between the three of them. No apologies from earlier they proceeded as if breakfast never happened.
Dean sighed, “I’m fine.”
“I was hoping to run a few ideas by him." the phone stopped ringing before Sam could answer.
“Okay.”
As Dean approached his brother to grab the feather, a forest green colored book with Latin on the cover and a black feather sticking out about three quarters of the way through appeared with a thud in the center of the table.
I do not won Supernatural or the characters of the show.
"Why not?"
Sam and Bobby looked at Dean in bewilderment.
Dean stood from the chair, “Do what you want, man. I’m sitting today out. I've had too much excitement in the last twenty four hours.”
"I don't think now is the time after everything that's happened." Sam looked empathetic at his brother.
Sam sat down, with his cup of coffee, next to Dean, "I guess we'll have to wait and see."
“You’re looking good, Winchester. I can see you're taking very good care of yourself.” Micha grinned wickedly at Dean.
I don't own Supernatural or the characters of the show.
The rest of the way back to the bunker was silent.
Dean sat up the best he could at his brother's sentence and inquired in curiosity, "Yeah?"
“Could have been Orandriel?”
Clearan took a bite of his dinner waiting for Micka to continue.
“All I am saying is that maybe just maybe by taking this test we might be able to disprove one of our theories.”
Bobby was already setting foot in the kitchen before Sam called out, "Get him out of here. I have a first aid kit in the car."
Dean looked at Cas, not sure what to think about his reaction. He stood up from the bench and stepped a few feet away as he wiped his hands down his face. He turned around to Cas, "That was definitely not the reaction from you, I was expecting."
“Shut up, Sam. I've got it handled.”
Dean thought maybe Sam was playing a trick on him, "Ha-ha, very funny."
Sam also looked around the room, "yup."
Bobby took a sip of his coffee, "Do you think Clearan is going to retaliate for torturing Micka?"
Dean nodded and at the sound of the music, Sam left his brother's room. As he closed the door behind him, he heard Dean.
10/10/20: Thank you all so much for your patience. I decided to make this chapter longer than normal because you all have been so patient with me and my uploading schedule. I hope to have at least one more chapter up by the end of tomorrow.
He also had stuff to report to the boys. Since they left that morning he has received four phone calls from newbie hunters but not about any sigils. They called looking for information on Drakkoons. According to the other hunters, the creatures they were hunting were warning that they will pay when Drakkoons gain full control over mankind. Bobby of course lied to the hunters saying that he never heard of a creature by that name. He did it for their own good. But now he's wondering what Drakkoon demons are really up to if they have other supernatural beings scared.
Dean looked at the six tapestries on the computer screen, "How long is that going to take to transcribe?"
Sam called after him, “Dean, we just want to help.”
“Oh, No." Dean stated in disbelief to Bobby's thoughts, "Don’t you go jumping on that bandwagon too.”
Dean got him situated in his room, "Goodnight, Sammy." He returned to the library to clean up the place a little bit before heading to bed himself.
“I am worried about you, Dean. This isn’t you. My brother wouldn’t just sit around and sulk. He would be out there with me and Bobby fighting like hell to get Cas back. So, what’s going on with you, man? Talk to me.”
Sam shook his head no.
Dean watched his brother, "Why would you think that?”
"Before we go, I forgot one thing." said Dean as he exited the vehicle and walked towards the trunk. Sam looked to Bobby in the backseat with a confused look on his face. As Dean returned to the Driver's side window they noticed he had a bag with him. Dean threw the keys into the car. "I am going to sit this one out."
“I’m sorry, sir.” Micka looked on trying to figure out what was happening.
Sam glanced at his brother then down at the list of numbers he had been calling all morning, “Not great. Bobby and I have been calling pretty much every hunter we know but have turned up empty.”
"You watch your tone, boy."
Sam surveyed his brother, “Nothing.”
On that note, Sam and Bobby started research on hauntings involving angel vessels. Dean joined in as well even though he knew the Bobby's logic wasn't true at all. He knew very well where Castiel was. Bobby threw in the towel and went to bed while Sam and Dean continued research. After a few hours, Dean felt himself drift off to sleep in the leather chair he currently resided in. A noise had stirred him from a deep slumber and what he saw next was unexpected.  There was Castiel standing a few feet from him, he stared in disbelief. “Cas?”
He was getting ready to tell Bobby about all the research he and his brother had been doing but was stopped when Bobby inquired, “What do you mean unorthodox?”
"Hey." he plopped down next to his brother and opened his laptop, "So, I found a few things about the old mill that Mark told us about."
Sam stood up from the table to take his plate to the sink, "Might want to slow down there, Dean. Eating fast like that might not be good for you later."
Dean looked at his brother with a drowsy expression.
Dean peered out of his right eye at his brother, "Nothing." He removed his hands and opened both eyes equally now, "I though you and Bobby were heading out?"
"What's the plan after we find the dagger?"
“Dean.” Cas stated calmly trying to de-escalate Dean's emotions.
Dean placed a hand on Sam's shoulder to help ease himself off the table, “I feel fine now. What's wrong with me?”
I do not own Supernatural or the characters of the show.
Before either of them could say anything, Dean doubled over in his chair groaning in pain.
Dean had to think fast, “I’m just going to pick up dinner.”
But he received no response thinking maybe Dean just needed to be snapped back to reality, Sam called to him louder.
I hope you are enjoying the story so far. The next chapter I post will explain a lot about Dean's symptoms.
“I need to collect a few things before I can do anything. This process could take a while.”
A plan ensues.
Small talk persued between the three of them as they waited for their food. Their order came, Bobby and Sam watched in awe as Dean devoured everything including a second order of pie. After heading back to the hotel, they agreed that bright and early they would go to the location of the suspected werewolf den.
Dean walked over the kitchen table to sit down, "You contacted Cas for help?"
Bobby weakly stood up from his chair, "Not without me you’re not.”
He looked down at the image once again and laughed. He entered the library,"Told me what? All you did was give me a sonogram picture.”
Sam looked up at Bobby and smiled, "Dean is experiencing his first bouts of heartburn."
"Dean." called out Sam.
“I noticed some food in the fridge was going to go bad so I made it. Did you get a hold of Bobby?”
A conversation ensued between Sam and Bobby once Dean was out of ear shot. They grew concerned that maybe Castiel's grace was starting to have a negative affect on him.
Their conversation ended just in the nick of time for Bobby to reenter the war room with a sandwich, "I assume I'm here cause you've discovered something?"
“Jerk.”
Sam stepped towards Dean, “Are you sure you want to go with us?”
They headed around the side of the building with their weapons drawn to find nothing but a dark alley. They headed back to the car when they both felt something solid come in contact with the back of their heads. The next thing Dean remembered was hearing Cas’ voice at first then it turned into Sam's, “Dean. . .Dean, wake up. . .you need to wake up. . Dean.”
The two brothers were silent until they reached the hotel where Bobby was staying. Bobby filled them in so far on everything he scoped out and Sam informed Bobby of all the research he did. After a very long day they decided to go out for dinner and strategize.
Sam responded as he placed their bags on the ground, “We scoped out the town and found evidence of supernatural beings but there was something weird.”
His brother left his door ajar as Dean curled up in a fetal position as best he could, he cradled his arm's around his middle. He could hear them outside his door.
Sam sat down behind his laptop in the war room to figure out what the hell's happening. He was ecstatic that Dean was back but what he couldn’t understand was how or why. Or what sort of consequences came with Dean being alive? Sam was brought out of thought by Bobby bursting in.
"This book is the reason why I contacted you earlier. As you can see on this page," Sam turned the page while the book laid open in front of Bobby, "There are coordinates listed for the dagger."
Dean looked up as his brother walked in. He clicked pause, “Hey.”
Bobby panicked a little, "Whoa, where do you think you're going?"
Bobby entered with two beers in his hands to see Sam sitting at the table. He looked around the room, "Where's the princess?"
Just when Dean thought he was in the clear of strange things happening to him. He is blind sided. After the incident, he prepares himself to finally answer Sam and Bobby's questions.
Dean was hearing everything that was being said but he was still upset. None of this should be happening at all. He and Cas should be back at the Bunker coming up with a plan to defeat the Drakkoon demons then having a celebratory beer with Sam after they defeated them. His train of thought was interrupted when he heard her voice.
Bobby recalled that night that he and Dean spent on his front porch and his eyes went wide in realization.
Bobby’s face contorted into anger at Dean’s statement, “Don’t be such an idjit and assume you know what I’m thinking.”
“Very good.” Clearan reached for a vial.
Dean, Sam, and Bobby go on a hunt but something strange happens.
Dean flashed a smile towards his brother, “How about after breakfast?”
“What’s wron. . .?” Sam was silenced by Dean raising a hand as to say 'give me a minute'. Sam watched his brother close his eyes and cocked his head like he was waiting for something to happen.
Sam looked at Bobby but before he had a chance to ask a question, his brother jumped in, "What
"What about the ghost?" groaned out Dean.
He looked at Dean, who had his begging face on, "Okay but only for a little while."
He heard Dean’s voice in the distance, “No, I’ve never seen it before. Where was it?”
Through gritted teeth Dean let his dislike of her be known, "What are you doing here?"
“Just the usual lore. Crossroad demons, Reapers, Crowley, and I even considered Lucifer.”
Dean laughed nervously before he changed the subject fast, “So, what have you been hunting?”
Dean finally comes clean to his brother about what happened but the conversation leads to an embarrassing situation for Dean.
“The world always needs saving and I can’t do that without you by my side.”
Castiel finally gets a chance to talk to Orandriel. Will he get the answers he looking for?
"I know that guy." claimed Dean, "He's that guy I chased at the farmer's house a few weeks ago."
Dean took a bite avoiding the question.
Dean's face was covered in confusion, “Why?”
Sam was become disgusted as he watched his brother consume his meal, “You know, Dean. Maybe you should consider eating healthier.”
"Sure, you didn't. I'm only letting you get away with this because your pregnant."
“Geez, give me a little credit. We fight monsters for a living this is by far not the strangest thing we have encountered or that has happened to us.”
Dean looked up at Cas, "Maybe you should ask Orandriel about what's happening to me?"
He walked up to Dean’s door and knocked. He did not wait for a response. He opened the door to find Dean sitting up right in bed with his headphones on. Sam sat down on the bed and waited for Dean to take his headphones off.
Sam took a seat at the table,“Weird as in the victims did not change into vampires and we found hex bags on them.”
They looked worried at Dean. He brushed them off saying that he didn’t want to talk about it. Truth was that he was worried. From all the articles, he had been reading the baby should have been very active by now. But then again, he still wasn't sure how much had applied to him. Clearan having the baby's soul was not helping with any of his concern. When Cas came to comfort him last night after it happened, he assured Dean that everything was fine. Dean needed proof, regardless.
“And?”
Dean reluctantly informed Bobby of all the research him and his brother had done. He told him about the lore on angel grace, spells, weapons, and alternate universes. He continued by telling Bobby about the two theories that Sam came up with. He made sure to leave out the part about the pregnancy test thinking that was too much for him to admit right now.
Feeling fatigued, Dean turned in early hoping that he may be able to get a hold of Castiel. He had not heard from Castiel since the last time he had seen him. He wanted Castiel's input on everything that happened. Dean prayed then went to bed wishing Castiel would be waiting for him in his dreams.
He felt slightly weak from being gone too long. He rushed over to the dining table more determined then ever to help his hunter. To his surprise, Orandriel appeared before him, "How can I help?"
Bobby and Sam also hugged her and thanked her for the hospitality before joining Dean in the car. The three of them headed back to Bobby’s house to discuss their plan of action and stay one more night.
Sam looked to Bobby who nodded at him. He got up off Dean's bed and headed towards the door with Bobby following behind him. He left the bedroom door slightly ajar as he exited. Sam turned to look at Bobby, "Do you think we should leave him alone right now?"
"Hey, Dean. If you're tired, why don't you go to bed."
He tried again a few minutes later same thing, “Hey, man. Its me again. Call me back.”
“Nothing. I'm fine. Go back to bed.” Dean rolled over onto his left side away from Sam.
"Screw my mission! I am done with this game of yours." yelled Dean, "How do you expect me to do that in my condition?"
“I'm great. I was thinking about helping with researching today? Bring me up to speed.” Dean approached Bobby and Sam with two plates of breakfast then pour them coffee.
“Good afternoon, men.” He looked around the room, “I have called you all here to tell you that our plan to take over the world is within our grasp.”
He stood up, turned around and through a clenched jaw in anger, "You're sorry? You don't get to be sorry. This is all your fault to begin with. I advise you to leave before I do something I'm going to regret."
"Simple as that, is it?" Bobby crossed his arms in front of his chest.
“Well, I followed the smell and found a man. I approached with caution. I was within three feet of it when it turned and rushed towards me. I turned the other way to head back to the cabin hoping to trap it. That is when I called Bobby's cell but he didn't answer then I called you. I dropped my phone though after bumping into a tree trying to hide.  Anyway, we were within half a mile of the cabin when the man/creature stopped dead in its tracks and kneeled to the ground. I kept running towards the cabin to grab some equipment, not sure as to what I would find when I returned. But there he was still on the ground, so I chained him and brought him back here. Once I knew he was secure, I went in search of my phone to see that you called me.
“And don’t say nothing. I’m your brother. You can tell me anything. I’m not as oblivious as you think I am.” He gave Dean a smirk to provide a more comfortable atmosphere before he continued, “Please, just tell me so I can help.”
They walked up to the mill. Dean took a breath and put classic stoic Dean face on. He kicked in the door to see his brother sitting in a chair with a knife to his throat.
“I see that. You might want to slow down. With you being laid up from hunting and eating like you are you’re starting to put some weight on.” Sam teased his big brother.
“Castiel, so naïve you are. Think, Castiel. Think about what I have shown you and the knowledge you carry as a angel.”
Dean finished off his last bit of food, “Hey. I’m just stating the obvious. I’m guessing you didn’t sleep well last night.”
"You'll find a way. You always do." She smiled at the both of them before disappearing.
Dean looked up from the notebook he had been jotting notes in, “I have three months before my condition gets better.”
“What?”
“Drakkoon Demons as you know are very powerful and use angel grace to conjure spells. There is a particular spell that could really tip the balance in Hell’s favor to conquer the world and wipe it clean of everything that is good. The world will become a barren wasteland. The one ingredient they need to ensure the success of the spell is grace that has been carried by a human. If I had known the danger Dean would have been in I never would have sent him with part of your grace.”
Sam met his brother’s gaze, “Gee, thanks.”
Dean stared at his friend dumbfounded but smiled at the thought that his child was an equal mixture of him and Cas, "Look, buddy. You can't tell anybody about this, okay?"
Sam was looking for aspirin when he heard Dean ask a question, "No thanks to you."
Dean was becoming angrier by the second which made him more angry because all he has wanted for weeks was to see Cas and talk to him. Now the moment is being ruined by everything Cas had told him so far. Dean tried to put his emotions aside to focus on what Cas was saying.
“Really? Because a minute ago you were laughing.”
Bobby came closer to the bed, "How you feeling, boy?"
Bobby sat down, “It was a trap. Drakkoon Demons jumped us and now have Sam. They know we have the book. It’s a trade situation, Sam for the book. You can’t do it Dean.”
"He'll be fine." Bobby said empathically, "We've got bigger problems to talk about."
“I don’t know, Dean. But it’s worth a try, right?”
"Maybe they're side effects from his return.”
Dean made a face of dislike at his brother’s outburst, “Dude, I’m sitting right here. Tone it down.”
“I see.” She responded with a nod.
“Okay. Talk to you later.”
"Because it could cause an all out war and we are trying to get enough information so that we can rid the world of them, not start a war."
Dean pulled out antacids, cocoa butter lotion, ginger chews, and some other various medications. He opened the container of antacids gladly and chewed a couple waiting for relief. A few minutes later he sighed at the immense relief he was feeling, Bobby walked in to see over-the-counter medication in front of Dean, "What's going on?"
“This is the cosmic veil.” Said a disembodied voice.
“Oh. . .okay. I understand.” She placed her bag on the couch, “Promise me one thing though, okay?”
They all presented a smile; thankful she gave up on the questioning. Everyone went to bed that night wondering what tomorrow would hold.
As they drew closer to Sioux Falls, Dean became affected once again, though it was very dull. They headed to the first town out of the four that Jody gave them. They were mainly looking for oddities or clues to lead them to Drakkoons hide out but nothing looked out of the ordinary. So, they went to the second town then the third town. With each new town, Dean became more affected. It was the fourth and last town that really caused issues for Dean.
With that plan, Sam and Bobby prepared to leave the next morning.
Dean looked at Garth, “Unfortunately.” He placed his bags on the couch. He’d kill for a beer right now. He turned back towards his hunter friend, “I need to see you outside.”
The war room recently turned in to the hunter hotline hotspot. Bobby transferred it here when he knew that he would be spending more time in the bunker. Dean stood there looking at all the phones and decided he would wait until the next morning before turning them on. Dean was exhausted and not in the mood to answer phones today.
Bobby returned his attention to warding the box, "I'll let you handle this, Sam."
Sam watched as Dean's eyes close again, "It's okay, you know. To rest and take care of yourself. Bobby and I can handle research."
After Dean’s encounter with Castiel, he was no longer experiencing weird phenomenon. Everything in question seemed to die down as well. Sam and Bobby no longer bombarded him with questions especially since there was no reason to now that everything seemed normal with Dean. Though that is not to say that with each passing day they didn’t let their guard down and everyone was still on alert for new symptoms. Two weeks later and everyone was just now starting to relax and let their guard down just a little bit.
“Because your mission, Dean, still needs to be completed.”
Sam would be lying if he said he wasn’t worried about Dean. They pulled into the Men of Letters garage and exited the vehicle. For the last fifteen minutes of their ride, Sam was trying to think of a way to break the silence between them. He kept opening his mouth to say some thing but nothing sounded right in his head. Dean had noticed that his brother was trying to start a conversation. As he reached the door that led to inside the bunker he stopped and turned around to face his brother. "Look man, I know for the last fifteen minutes you've been trying to find the right words. I'm here now, alive. Why can't we just appreciate that and be done with it?" Sam stared at his brother, "Yeah. You're right." They both shared somber smirks. As he opened the door, he stated he was tired and going to bed.
With his head cocked and a furrowed brow he asked, “How much do you know about your situation?”
“Dean.”
He turned around to face his brother, "What?"
?" Bobby eyed him suspiciously.
Dean jumped in, “To report back to us if anything new happens. Be our woman on the frontline, so to speak.”
“I’ve already stretched them as far as I could. Not to mention the help I provided to save your grace on earth.”
“Are we meeting up with Bobby or is he coming back to resupply?”
“Who’s back?”
Dean glanced over at his brother, "Yeah, why?"
“It was him and there's another thing. He seems to be caring angel grace.”
He stood in Dean's path, “I'm not risking you going in there.”
Sam stood from his brother's bed, "Get some sleep. We'll start early tomorrow to figure things out."
They asked her a few more question before they headed outside to look at the symbols. Sam stood from the chair to follow everyone outside but as he took a step, he saw Dean next to him waver and grab onto the chair. He reached for his brother, “hey you okay?”
Cas still had his eyes closed and his lips were wetter and redder than before.
After Crowley left they didn’t talk much. Each of them had a job to do and they worked in sync, as if they’d done this a billion of times. To be fair, he and Sam had done this a bunch of times but not with Mary.
“We brought pizza!” Sam comes in balancing a pizza on one hand and a six pack of beer on the other. Sam kicked the door closed with his foot and tossed the pizza on the table in front of Dean with a shit-eating grin that made the hairs in the back of his head stand up and be wary, be very wary indeed.
Luckily it didn’t take long for them to find Sam and deal with the situation with the British Men of Letters. It wasn’t an easy battle to get them to realize that their invasion wasn’t welcome and that they would fight tooth and nail them taking over their country. Now they had an open line of communication, which Dean was wary of still but things looked fine. Sam seemed to get along with Mick Davies and Dean was starting to see the benefits of his assistance. The guy was pretty smart even though he was lacking the experience on the field.
It made his jaw clench each time someone flirted with Cas but he always tried to act normal and brush it off as it didn’t matter. It wasn’t that long ago they’d joined Mary’s new hunter friend Wally and a waitress had gotten her eyes set on Cas. He tried to act like it was a
“Calm down, Dean. Can’t you see he’s fine?” Dean could feel how his eyes had widened in fear and honestly he could hear the rational part of his brain trying to calm him the fuck down and shake it off. Another part was screaming at him from the deepest corners of his consciousness to
“Cas, no.” He didn’t know who the fuck they had angered that could hurt Cas the way they had and why they were out for Winchester blood but there was no way he was going to leave Cas behind. It was not up for discussion.
The drive was too long, it took too much of time and the pressure in Dean’s insides were killing him. It took too long and was too long even though Cas was just a 45 minute drive away from the bunker, less than that because Dean put pedal to the medal and drove like a maniac. For once Sammy kept quiet on his right and didn’t utter a word against his racing habits gone on steroids. The air inside of Baby was dense with worry and Dean had trouble breathing it in.
“You should go.” Cas pleaded and the fear shining in his eyes made Dean want to bury his head against Cas’s chest, just to escape the look. “They’ll find us and kill us all.”
“Come on in, come on in! To be perfectly honest with you, we were all sure he made you up to stop Callum hitting on him. He’s quite aggressive in his advances when he sets his eyes on someone.” The man had been helping Dean out with his coat and once he had been free he’d asked for the bathroom and fled.
Sam cleaned up the table to leave only the images of tapestries two and three plus the deciphering notes, "They could be or they could just be the clues we need."
"Good. Now lets focus on more pressing matters like finding this dagger?"
"Yeah but how are you going to help them with you coming with me. Is it smart to ask Dean to help man the hunter hotline while we are gone?"
The moment they were out on the porch, Dean wiped a hand down his face and sighed before turning around to face his friend.
I do not own Supernatural or the characters of the show.
“Just a few things we're out of.”
“Give me back what’s mine.” Ramiel pulled out a pocked watch, polishing it against his chest. “Or I’ll take it off your lifeless bodies.” He held the watch up. “You’ve got thirty seconds.” The seconds started to tick on but since they hadn’t stolen anything from him, they couldn’t give it back.
Dean still felt anger and resentment towards her and he was starting to think it might never go away. For some reason the thought made him sad. He could feel Mary looking at him, sometimes opening her mouth to say something then closing it with a sigh.
“Not a case?” Dean stopped pacing to stare at himself through the mirror. His eyes started darting all over the room without really taking anything in as he tried to remember the exact words Sam had said. He was almost positive he’d said something about a case.
“I haven’t the foggiest.” Sam kept going through the book in front of him with that amused grin that made Dean feel like he was losing a sort of game Sam had been playing and it took all of Dean’s willpower not to grab the book from him and throw it against a wall like a teenager in a tantrum. Because this wasn’t a tantrum. Adults didn’t tantrum!
Also, I had to read my notes for this story because I kind of forgot the ending I planned for this and what I had written down was this:
“Yes.” Cas replied and tried to get up. Dean stopped him with a hand on Cas’s chest and told him he’d get it. Feeling bold, he leaned in with his hand still on Cas’s firm chest and kissed him. It was a simple peck but it made Dean’s blood rush in his ears.
“Cas suggested we’d get this thing sorted out faster if we did. Cas has been out working cases on his own a bunch of times.” Dean tried to contain the anger coursing through his veins but the fear was making it near impossible. Sam knew better than this!
Dean wanted to hurry to Cas’s side but he felt his feet were glued to the floor. Mary rose up from the sofa and walked around Dean to reach Sam, her eyes shining from sadness and relief. On her way to Sam Mary touched Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s whole body jumped. The support Mary’s hand gave was nothing Dean wanted but craved at the same time and he couldn’t deal. Not while his Cas was hurt.
“Yes.” There was tension in the air that Dean wasn’t used to have with Cas. Sam was peering down the bag trying to find something but Dean was pretty sure the bag was already empty. “My help is needed in heaven. I wanted to make sure you were fine before heading there.” Dean could feel disappointment setting in. He turned his eyes away from Cas and stared at the blanket in front of him.
Dean hadn’t even noticed the beige truck pulling up next to Baby on the parking lot because he’d been too busy
“You don’t have to drive to the bunker, you could stay here.” Cas had straightened himself on his seat and was looking intently at Dean. Dean gulped and tried not to avert his gaze. His heart was hammering in his chest and he was unsure of everything in his life at that moment.
I don't know how fast I'll be able to publish the next chapter but instead of making you wait longer, I decided to publish this before I start writing the next part of this Destiel-story.
“Sexy.” Dean answered without even thinking about it and his head sprang up from the table so fast he nearly pulled a muscle.
“But —“
“Cas, what are you doing?” Cas left the costume pooled low at his waist, showing off his hipbones and Dean tried not to think about running his tongue across the slope of Cas’s hip bone. Cas walked closer to him, pulling the cat ears off and placing them on the table. Dean stood perfectly still as Cas came to stand before him, taking off the clergy collar and unbuttoning the shirt. His heart was beating in his ears, loudly. “Cas?” His voice came out high pitched and he nearly choked on the saliva pooling in his mouth.
“And I have pie!” Cas told showing the bag in his arms, how the hell did he miss that? He sounded so happy and proud that it made Dean slightly uncomfortable. Cas hadn’t been feeling too great in the past months. He’d taken the leaf out of the Gospel of Dean Winchester and fallen into a pit of self-loathing and doubt. Dean had done his best to ease his pain and help with the guilt but there were days he dreaded he hadn’t done enough and Cas would pull a stunt like the one he did in Purgatory.
“I’m Callum.” The man said, stretching his hand towards Dean with a small smile and a nod.
more proper food! That’s it. Crisis averted. Sammy would say it wasn’t rabbit food and he would say that the amount of grease and fat in Dean’s diet was going to kill him sooner rather than later. Dean would say he was pretty sure the beasties would get him before he died of natural causes. Sam would say that was no reason to treat his body as a waste station.
Fucking Becky had had too much to drink and she ended up spilling her guts all over the bathroom floor. He could’ve gotten past that with just some mouthwash and a thorough washing of teeth but she’d told she
“None that we know about. The only weird thing we found about this place was the unusually high amount of cats in the area but that hasn’t changed drastically in the previous few months.”
“Hey, Babe. I made it after all.” Dean said but the words came out breathier than he expected. He cleared his throat before leaning away from Castiel. The movement caused Cas to open his eyes and he looked dazed and uncertain. “Who’s your friend?” He hoped he looked a lot more comfortable than what he felt like. His insides were doing the thing where they start dancing the can can can and his mind says he can’t can’t can’t. It’s a hell of a ride.
Until next time!
wasn’t in the mood. If he’d stayed at the party maybe he’d found someone else to hook up with. Stephanie had been eyeing him with hunger for the whole night so maybe he could’ve hit that again. He’d left her three months ago but the word on the street was that she was still into him. Who could blame her? He was a fucking hunk compared to all the other losers in the school!
“You had a
“His physical appearance was agreeable, yes, but—“
He missed the bunker. There wasn’t much he could do in terms of helping out with the case yet and the motel life was a tiring life when you had basically nothing to do. At least he’d slept a bit better and the bed in this motel was definitely a step up from the previous. But it didn’t beat the one he had at home, not by a long shot.
“Son of a bitch!” The scratches burned and his shirt was now ruined. CasCat sauntered off to the window and Sammy was laughing like he’d seen something extremely hilarious.
“I’m fine.” Dean tried hard not to feel hurt because Cas was leaving but it was hard, extremely hard. “You should go.” He didn’t want to admit to himself that he hated when Cas left and he hated that he wanted to leave. Dean suppressed the voice telling him to quit being such a goddamn selfish bastard. He wished Cas would want to stay, stay with him. He wished Cas would need him as much as he needed Cas. If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin when a hand landed heavily on his left shoulder. “Dean, are you alright?” He was getting reckless and sloppy. A hunter couldn’t afford to ever let down his guard, even if it was in the middle of the day in a fairly busy street.
“Not too bad, the drugs are kicking in. You’re back to Angel again?”
“Are you sure that’s a wise idea? With what happened to Cas and all?”
want to talk about feelings and shit?
“He?” The pronoun was still confusing him. It wasn’t even in any shape or form atypical for dudes to hit on Cas or him for that matter but still he couldn’t get past it. No dudes were allowed to hit on Cas!
With all the shit with Amara and Chuck, he’d slowly started to look inward. If the Darkness and God could look past their issues and make an effort, maybe he should as well. He’d always known he wasn’t satisfied, not really, with the life he led. He’d always lived a life where instant gratification was the plan because he knew how fast your life could be over, especially in his line of work.
“Sammy, please don’t open that door.”
Castiel lowered the phone, ending the call and Dean stepped to the side to give him room to drop his phone to his jacket. “Ready to mingle Father?” The corners of Cas’ eyes crinkled as he looked at Dean. Tentatively Cas placed his hand of Dean’s bicep, leading him back to the party.
and stood there staring blankly at the man in a tutu motioning for him to get inside.
“Ngnngg.” He didn’t know which of them made the sound, it didn’t matter really. Cas’s dick was slightly fatter than his and Dean wanted to see what it looked like but Cas was pressed so tightly on him, it was impossible. Dean was finding it hard to breathe and it wasn’t only from Castiel’s weight on him. He was so close.
“Hello Dean.” He hadn’t even heard the door open. He was really off his game, seriously off his game.
Cas’ hand felt clammy which was strange when his forehead was hot to the touch. Dean shuffled closer to the comatose Angel and held his hand in both of his. “You’ve got to wake up Cas, please, please wake up.” Dean prayed more to himself than to Cas but praying, hoping he would hear and open his eyes. “Come on buddy, I need you.”
To escape his brother and Mary talking in hushed tones he joined Cas on the sofa and with a glance to make sure they were engrossed in their conversation made Dean man up and take Cas’s hand.
“Hey, buddy,” Cas turned his eyes on Dean and his face relaxed “you okay?” Dean’s throat was starting to itch and he tried to refrain from clearing his throat.
“Hey.” Sam leaned in with worry written all over his face. “How are you feeling?”
“Aww… Won’t you look at that! My big brother’s really a big softie!” Dean jumped up from the bed like someone lit a fire under his ass and hissed out as CasCat tried to hang on to his chest with his nails.
“Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit,” Dean was hiding in the bathroom like a scared, spooked animal he was. For some idiot reason Dean had gotten jealous that Cas was spending more time with his brother than he did with him and he had
Lilith. Lucifer turned them himself
The wheels connected with the dirt and Baby finally pushed forward on the road. He could see the idyllic run down barn on the horizon, looking all too beaten down to be housing a wounded Angel. Nervous energy filled Dean making it hard to stay still and drive on. He wanted to dump the car and run to Cas just because that would be doing something and Dean felt he wasn’t doing anything; and he needed to do something.
“Sure thing babe, anything you need.” Dean told as Cas started pulling him by the cuff wrapped around his wrist. He wanted to hiss at Callum looking at them with amusement. Once Dean turned around the image of Castiel the Angel in skin tight PVC nearly caused him to stumble. The muscles on his back were causing shadows form even in the low lighting in the room. Dean was helpless to stop his eyes trailing across the shoulders to the waist and
“Take the next exit.” Dean could feel the worry pulsing off of his brother and inwardly he groaned. There would be questions soon. Of course there would be questions. When would Sam
“Dean, a word please.” Callum was staring at him with a calculative look that Dean didn’t like one bit. It made him want to go all primal and mark his territory and kill and maim anyone who even thought about taking what was his.
“He’d smack you if he called you calling him a little guy.” Dean tried to go for an unaffected look but he was sure he was throwing daggers at Callum with his eyes.
Castiel was leaning on the wall, smiling at the man standing in front of him. Cas had come in as a cat apparently. He had on a PVC costume that left
A deep throaty laugh Dean could recognize anywhere, came from somewhere on his left.
“No! The Princes are all dead!” There was worry in Cas’s voice that made Dean loose a part of his bravado.
“Oh, fabulous, you made it after all! We’re thrilled to finally meet you! Your boyfriend’s going to be over the moon that you’re here instead of your brother!” Dean had felt his brain shutting down at the word
“Dean, please wake up.” Dean opened his eyes and was blinded by light and his nostrils assaulted with the scent of hospital. Cas and Sam were staring down at him, worry written all over their faces. He was no longer in the motel room but in ER.
“What are you doing here? How’d you find us?” He didn’t know what was wrong with Cas and he couldn’t say that out loud.
the oceans drank Atlantis.”
Out of impulse Dean slid his hand around Cas’s waist, holding him close against him. Dean felt a rush of heat surging downwards to his crotch. He could feel himself hardening at the feel of Cas’s back against his palm and his chest flush against his. Dean thanked heavens the leather pants were tight enough to keep his dick contained. He hoped Cas couldn’t feel the half mast he was sporting.
“Yeah, whatever Sammy.” Begrudgingly Dean shifted his gaze to Sam to see the ending of an eye roll. The waitress came over with their drinks and Dean tried to get himself under control. He wasn’t used to the new discovery that he didn’t handle sleep deprivation as well as he did in his twenties.
"-"I love you, I love all of you" Suddenly everything is clear."
. It was still weird thinking of something other than Baby as home.
“Here are your burgers gentlemen. Enjoy!” The conversation stopped completely when the food arrived. Dean tried not to inhale his burger as fast as humanly possible without succeeding. He hadn’t even realized how hungry he was. He could feel Sam’s disapproving gaze burning the top of his head and Dean would’ve flipped him off if he wasn’t too busy stuffing his face with fries.
“He’s turning to a cat! I don’t think he really knows what he’s agreeing to.” Donatello had called with the info on the sign. It seemed that there was a goddess on the loose, turning people in to cat’s. Through few other people Sam had gotten the knowledge needed to gank the bitch Bastet. There was nothing on what would happen to Cas after the bitch was dead but they were hoping he would just turn back to himself once she was dead.
“I would’ve thought you’d like that.”
“Dean, what should we do?” Sam asked quietly when they couldn’t get Cas to wake up after trying for what felt like hours. He didn’t know. He had no idea what to do to an unconscious Angel. Times like these he wished they had Bobby. Bobby knew almost everything and what he didn’t know, he would research until he found the answer.
“Hi Cas!” Dean groaned, “No, not at all. What’s up?” Dean could feel his jaw aching because of how hard he was pressing his teeth together. Dean straightened himself up, waiting to see if there was a problem. Since Sam’s face didn’t morph into worry, Dean decided to stalk off. Fine! Baby needed a wash and polish anyway.  The door slammed closed harder than Dean intended but the echoing bang eased up a little of his frustration.
“No I’m sorry. I have a situation I need to deal with in Vernon but I do know someone close by who can help you out. I’ll forward your information to her and she can get back to you.”
“If you’re old, what does that make me, Dean?” The low rumble of Castiel’s voice gave Dean the shivers he desperately tried to hide.
Apologies for the incredibly long wait. Life and declining mental health got in the way of writing and creating. I've been in the process of finding myself and it has taken unfortunately years to get myself back on track. I'm not fully there yet, I still have bad days, weeks and months but I'm slowly getting there. Luckily I found fiction writing again and have had a blast sitting in front of the computer and seeing where my characters take me.
A week later Dean was starting to remind a skittish horse with the way he was alert all the time. Still no Talk with Sam and it had been nine days the last time he’d seen Cas or heard from him personally. Cas was still calling Sam and apparently Cas and Mary were out together on a hunt. Dean had gone out for a solo hunt and rather than making him feel relaxed, it was almost making him worse. For nine days Sammy had been acting as though he wasn’t worried about him and for nine days he hadn’t said a word about it. It was making Dean into a nervous wreck. He was starting to think if he should just open his mouth and get the ball rolling because the waiting was killing him. Nah, not going to do that. Out of question. No chick flick moments and all that. Phew!
Now that he was looking, he couldn’t stop. Cas’ body was powerful and all muscles that his suit did well to cover. No one would believe the strength he had hid inside those ill-fitted clothes.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Sam looked up from the book he was leafing through with a faint smile ghosting his lips. Dean hadn’t meant to blurt it out but it had been two weeks. Two weeks! For
The spent the next few hours discussing how they were going to conceal the weapon when they found it. Bobby suggested the best option could be a warded iron box. Sam thought it was a good idea to hide it in a crypt on holy ground and Dean could care less how to conceal it as long as it was easily accessible when the time came to use it. After debating the best solution and coming up still with no results, Dean opted to have lunch and to take the rest of the day off.
Dean grabbed his dish and took it over to the sink. He responded as he poured himself more orange juice, “Ahh, you know, as well as one can after finding out a cosmic being impregnated you using a mystic.”
Seeing he had his brother's attention, Sam sighed in relief, before whispering to him, “Hey, are you okay?”
“Your brother’s body is wafting with angel grace.” He pointed to Dean’s abdomen to indicate where the grace was emanating from.
They texted Dean to let him know that they were on their way back but that was all they said. The drive back was a somber one for both of them.
Dean scoffed at Clearan’s cockiness. At the name, he could see Sam struggling out of his peripheral vision. They both knew how bad it was for Dean to be in the same room as the Alpha. Clearan took a step closer towards Dean. Sam still trying to break free was trying Clearan's patience, at the snap of his fingers his body froze but his head was still able to move.
"Where is your hide out?"
Sam sat listening to the two of them. He could not understand why Dean was angry. Bobby asked a valid question.
"It's nothing." Sam diverted his eyes down to the table and shook his head.
Bobby once again took his place next to Dean, “I know you’ve been through a lot, son and I may have been too aggressive with wanting to help. But could you blame me? I was watching you go through hell and not able to help because you wouldn’t let me. But after what I saw today at the Glasman’s house and your overall general appearance, I am going to sit here and listen to whatever you want to tell me.”
"It didn't, okay? Let's be thankful for that and move on. What's done is done and I do it again in a heartbeat." Dean laid down in the back seat, "If you don't mind, I'm going to try and get a little sleep to try and get rid of this headache."
Dean threw the book at his brother, “bitch.”
Dean cocked his head at the familiar sight. He reached for it, “That’s Cas’ feather.” He twisted it in his fingers. While Dean was admiring his lover’s feather, Sam looked down at the page it had bookmarked. He yelled with excitement, “Look!”
He looked back down at the book in his hand as he responded to Dean, "I can't help but feel like some major is going to happening, like apocalyptic."
Sam cleared his throat and changed the subject. He slid the Drakkoon book over to Bobby and flipped it open to the appropriate page, "This is what we've been up to since we last saw you."
“Where are you going?” asked Dean.
“No, I think you should rest for now and maybe get some sleep.”
He propped his feet up on the table, leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms, and closed his eyes, “Okay, but only for five minutes.”
The next few weeks brought a bunch of events. First, Dean confirmed the organic materials are indeed plants and trees from purgatory. When he was there, he learned a lot from Benny regarding the place. Never thought it would come in hand but he was no glad he listened.
“So, he finally told you what happened to him?”
Sam inquired after his brother, "You feeling okay?"
Dean squinted his eyes at the two men in suspicion. They held their breath waiting for him to explode in rage, "Okay. Whatever." He got up from his seat and walked over to the fridge like it was no big deal. Dean's reaction made Sam and Bobby look at each other bewildered.
“We’ve seen the symbols but not arranged in that way.” Stated Bobby as he looked to Dean.
"yeah. . .uh. . .he left us a note." Sam pulled out the folded piece of paper from his back pocket.
"Sounds good to me."
“It’s all we’ve got for right now.” Replied Bobby.
"In the shower the other day, it definitely felt slightly bigger but I thought I was imagining it."
Dean nodded his head as he headed to the fridge. He pulled the orange juice out of the fridge as he asked, “What are you working on over there?”
He was in the midst of reassuring his hunter, “We keep doing the best we can.” But before he could hear the words, Dean disappeared. Dean's dreamworld fell away and Castiel returned to Bobby’s house in the cosmic veil.
The Drakkoon demon sat there smiling at them. Dean folded his arms across his chest with his gun in his right hand, resting it on his bicep. Sam and Bobby stood by watching the altercation go down.
“I need not explain my absence. I’ll come to you when the time is right.”
Dean looked at it confused, "What is he doing?"
Sam unfolded the paper to see handwriting on it,
Returning back to the war room, Bobby asked, “Maybe the Drakkoons have something to do with Dean's return? Have you looked into that?”
“Back where Dean?”
Bobby replied as he decided to sit down at the table now, "Yellowstone National Park."
"I'm not sure. It's gone now."
Dean's voice was breathy, "Cas."
Sam approached his brother cautiously. As he grew closer, he placed a hand on his big brother's shoulder. Dean collapsed forward on his elbows, interlacing his fingers and resting his forehead on his thumbs. Sam now kneeling next to his brother rubbed his back soothingly as Dean screamed out in anger, "AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!" The scream became a sob and his heart hurt for his older brother. They stayed in this position for a few minutes until the sobbing turned in to a sniffle.
Sam smiled as he replied, "I've helped Mark before on a hunt a few years ago. I don't know him really well but enough to know that he wouldn't have asked for help unless he needed it."
Bobby and Sam shared a look. Sam chuckled to himself at his brother's new found craving, "I have never seen you eat a vegetable unless is was on a burger."
"I said I'm fine." Dean rose from the leather chair and headed back over to the table.
Sam sat down in front of his brother with a tall glass of water and chagrined at the food in front of Dean, "That is the last time I ever let you order my drinks. What were you serving me anyway?"
“It’s about time, man. What the hell ‘s going on? Where are you?”
Dean whispered back, “Yeah, I think so. My head hurts but other than that I feel fine. You?”
“You heard me. I don’t want to talk about what happened or how I got here.” Dean took a bite of his sandwich with a mouth full of food he finished his thought. “Nor do I want to talk about Cas.”
He nodded his head to let Dean know that he understood but he would be damned if he didn't get some kind of say every now and then. Dean stood up to place his dish in the sink and as he turned around was met with an embrace from Bobby. To shake off the chick flick moment, Dean jokingly talked about how he couldn't wait to see what else pregnancy had to offer him. He knew enough about what happens in a female pregnancy but he was far from an ordinary case. Bobby grabbed another beer from the fridge and a water for Dean as they headed back over to the table. Dean was in the middle of telling Bobby how Sam brought him clothes the other day because his old one's were already snug. Sam walked in as they laughed about the situation.
He could only imagine what was taking Orandriel so long to locate the ingredients she needed for the spell. She was an ancient celestial being, one would think she had the world at her fingertips. He started speculating that maybe she was playing him and she had no intention of helping at all; it would not be the first time that he had been led astray by a supernatural entity.
Castiel sat on the couch in the cosmic veil’s version of Bobby’s house. He was looking at the book that Orandriel gave him. There was so much information it but more importantly it had something on Drakkoons. He took a feather from his wing and placed it as a bookmark on the page about Drakkoons.
Also, I found a way to add images to some chapters to depicted Dean's pregnancy. You'll have to imagine his usual grab on the image.
Sam turned his head in surprise at his brother's fast response, "Okay. You're. . .uh. . .only manning the hotline, Dean. No leaving the bunker to help."
Sam took his eyes off the road long enough to meet his brother's gaze and provide him with a reassuring smile, "I will not allow anything to happen to my niece or nephew. Like I said before, we will figure this out." Sam laid a hand briefly on Dean's belly in comfort. He never does this but he, himself, needed some reassurance. Strangely, Dean welcomed the touch from his brother with a smile. He quickly replaced his hand back on the steering wheel and returned his attention back to driving.
The wall returned to the multi-colored cloud he was all too familiar with. In a panic, Castiel turned towards Orandriel “What happened? What’s going on with Dean?”
Before anything else could be said they were pulling up to the next house and everything was done just as before. The four of them approached the house, ask to come inside, and proceeded with questioning. This time the victim was a male and his story was different from the others but the end was the same missing spouse and graffiti. Once again, Dean was feeling off again and it was worse. He excused himself outside for some fresh air and upon doing so found sigils on the west side of the house; sigils he recognized. Before he could yell out to Sam and Bobby, they were exiting the house with Jodi and the homeowner.
Dean shook his head, sighed, then took his dishes to the sink before he left the kitchen to pack.
Dean looked at his brother confused, "Depends on what?"
