The rotted wood crumbled to splinters. Sherlock raised and unseeingly narrowed his icy daggers on Sarah (who's expression gradually became more fearful as the silence stretched) and hissed through grit teeth. "
After a moment, John relaxed at Sherlock’s silence, thankful he hadn’t been hit or mentally scarred yet. And went to move around him. It was a little strange. He’d managed to silence one of the most brilliant men he’d ever met with three sentences. John couldn’t help the way his chest swelled a little with pride. Making his half-nude frame stand just  a bit straighter. John brushed Sherlock’s shoulder as he passed, the step momentarily making John’s shoulders level with the apparent-statue’s, and added, “Tickets are expensive you see?”
There was a surprised silence. Sherlock laughed a little under his breath, sounding impressed and turned to Lestrade. His posture screamed 'I don't make friends but when I do *insert excited gesturing*'. Lestrade and the others were still eyeing John with odd expressions. "So we've got our range of one eighty, let's do the maths shall we?"
John calmed at the patient gaze. Settling into a set stance, he looked up from the bagged bullet pinched between his thumb and forefinger. "Twenty two K-Hornet brass. Reaches a range of two hundred yards. Has a rather low ballistic coefficient, so it'd be surprising to see it used any farther than a hundred and eighty yards for an elected head's assassination."
A hum in agreement. "Yes, 'too'. So I decided to intervene." Sherlock stole a glance at his watch. "We can continue this discussion in the morning, bed rest is vital." He grasped Johns upper arm and guided him from the counter. "Hopefully not in an archaic sense. My head is killing me."
"You'd never believe some of the great stuff I got from his therapy sessions honestly it's pure gold!" Sherlock was silent. He didn't want to hear this. "I'll play you some shall I, needn't tell you who's who, it's very clear. Session Twenty seven, He finally decides to speak to that mad woman." 'It's my fault you know' 'what's your fault?' 'That he's dead. I was..' 'You were?' 'I was smothering him I suppose, he couldn't wait to get away, and must've thought that killing himself was the best way. He could have told me he didn't love me. At least he would still be alive.'" Moriarty howled with laughter and wiped his eyes "There's more! Session eighty six, finally admits his feelings!" 'I loved the poor bastard, God I lived in constant awe of him and I loved him more for every insane thing he did... I was going to propose, see? I got it engraved too - Could be dangerous. You won't get that but... He would have.' 'It can be therapeutic to talk to the headstone of loved ones and tell them everything you would have told that person when they were alive. Perhaps you could write out what you would say? Bring it to our next session?' 'I might have to postpone it a bit, it'll be longer than the lord of the rings.' A light click signified the end off that recording.
an impressive shot" Sherlock smirked across at him from his microscope. John barked out a laugh "At this stage Sherlock we could set up a psychic office on the side with the amount of times you just know what I'm thinking." Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned back to the slide before him, shaking his head ever so slightly "Wrong." and that was all he would say on the subject. "John?" John looked up from the medical journal he'd been feigning interest in "Sherlock?" "I need some. Get me some!" John snickered a bit at that and Sherlock looked baffled by his reaction. "Sorry Lock, bit of a double meaning in that. You know as well as I do that something will come up, whether it's private or with Lestrade is luck of the draw really, well, misfortune of the victim actually..." Sherlock sighed and stared blankly at the blood sample that seemed to stare back at him.
It was a minor miracle that Sherlock had managed to do anything in secret so far, buying the ring had been more like breaking into a bank vault than shopping for jewellery. It wouldn't have been so difficult if Mycroft didn't try to keep such a close eye on him. He, stupidly, neglected to consider the reality that if Sherlock really didn't want to be found then he wouldn't be. In the past few weeks he had noticed the number of Mycroft's spies trying to pin down his location had tripled. Not only that but he had very nearly lost the ring in question earlier on in the day.
Sherlock was exhausted. The past three years of his life after death had been a whirlwind of travel and espionage, dark nights and hiding places. He had not been in London since that last day, but there were few places he hadn't been. Every continent had hosted his cold fury and brutal determination, case after case solved in a nonstop reel, until the only things left keeping him standing were the puzzle and John. He had a new name amongst the criminal underworld for a time, Angel of death they called him. He had managed not to kill anyone personally, but once they were in custody he was not responsible for what happened to them. All he did was find, incriminate, drug and drag to the authorities. No names, no face to face meetings, just a knock on the door and an unconscious person on the ground with a large file of evidence strapped to their chest. He had come to be grateful for his foresight as without the help of the homeless network worldwide he would have died, or relapsed long ago. Their kindness to him was greater than people would find anywhere else, and he would not be quick to forget that. He wandered down the Thames, glad that people were so utterly ordinary and unobservant for if they were not, they would have seen a corpse returned from the grave. Against his better judgement he had kept the curls, John had liked them and he could just about see, even now, his calloused hands running through them. With the ultimate defeat of Moran it was time to go home. He had one final stop to make before he could see John again, and he was not exactly looking forward to it, but then again he never had.
That call was the first of many. Often, they were casual, but others were more weighty conversations about life, it’s many hardships and wonders, and even being in love- John could admit to James at least that much- and James alluded shyly to a maybe-someone-we’ll-see every now and then. Their last call had led to an invitation to visit James at home, which John had eagerly accepted, and was why he was thinking about the socks again now as he packed a small overnight bag.
John smiled down at him and held out a hand. "Well then Sherlock Holmes. Let's go" John grinned, his teeth a pearl white against the backdrop of tanned skin. Sherlock grasped the hand offered to him and struggled to get up, though not for long. Soon he was upright, albeit on one leg, with John's reassuringly steady hand resting on his lower back. Oddly enough he didn't find the touch repugnant, then again, he sniffed, it wasn't very often that he found himself in the company of someone who could stand him enough to stay longer than it took to either beat or berate him. John's head tilted to the side and Sherlock observed the only possible reason for having to think (well, in a broad sense) and groaned inwardly. Too far from the forest trail they were currently standing in to the road for him to hop there. Perhaps John would just leave him to his own devices now, he could still feel the raw tingle of the barest film of magic in himself, so he would heal faster than most of the mewling quims he had come across, five days at most.
Sherlock surveyed the contents of the wardrobe, knowing well that Mycroft would have prepared for every possibility and sure enough, a pair of tough jeans and a soft, check shirt were hung next to a similar, but longer and darker pair of jeans and a loose white shirt. He tossed John his gear, eyeing the various footwear available. Riding boots, supple tan leather for John, his own charcoal. For someone as opposed to the social pastime of stereotyping as he was, Mycroft fit the conventional "gay" very well. John was already dressed by the time Sherlock turned around, he had been deep in thought after all. "I feel like I'm in one of those old western films you hate" John grinned crookedly as Sherlock handed him the boots and set about stripping and dressing again quickly. "The plot lines to those films are terrible, even an idiot like Anderson could figure out the ending. Besides which, you look much less irritating than they ever did." John laughed and Sherlock smiled openly, he so loved to make John laugh. "Let's go then."
Stepping into the shower with a sulky Mycroft, he turned the water up to as hot as they could stand it and pushed Mycroft into the spray, silencing his complaints by grabbing the shower gel and proceeding to wash off every speck of glitter as an apology. It certainly sounded like he'd been forgiven by the end of it, and honestly he'd had no idea they'd be dropping glitter from the ceiling for no apparent reason. Within an hour they were both refreshed and on their way to Holmes manor.
crowd of officers. "I thought I told you that I'd be coming home for you one way or another?" John smiled brightly up at Sherlock who was grinning madly. "I missed you John" he smiled, inches away from the other man's face. "I missed you too love, but I'm home now." John added and closed the distance between them, holding Sherlock to him by the lapels of his coat and kissing him hard. Lestrade turned to look at the others but they were as shocked as he was. What the hell was going on?! Sherlock was beaming as John broke away from him and soothed the wrinkles in his coat "That coat was my best present idea ever. You always look fantastic in it" he smiled wryly, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair. It seemed only then did Sherlock remember that he had thirteen very confused officers standing a little way off. "Oh right. John, these are London's finest. The grey haired one is Detective Inspector Lestrade, the one with the curls is Donovan, next to her is Anderson, then there's Dimmock, Henley, Strauss, Fitzgerald, Cooper, Dayman, Bennett, Heckmann, Nelson, and O'Connell." he pointed to each of them in turn and John waved politely. "This" he looked at John "is John Watson. Or rather John Holmes Watson. My husband."
"Oh yes dear, they arrived everyday you were away, the postman was here more than I was! Did you not see the papers while you were gone, the two of you were front page news! They should be up there somewhere if you want to have a read." She called back at him and Sherlock frowned. Front page news? He pulled out his phone and typed rapidly, pulling up the news sites, his blog, and John's too for good measure. Sure enough, they'd been headline news not five days ago, their 'secret wedding' blown wide open for the public to peruse. 'Detective duo's dream day' was a personal favourite headline, the subtle use of the letter d was not lost on him.  They had been very careful not to say anything about their impending nuptials to anyone, and security on the day had been tighter than the Queen's at least so there were no photos but somehow the unremarkable transition from engaged to married they'd been hoping for had been blasted out of the water. Wonderful.
The buzzing began anew and Sherlock, realising it was his phone grabbed it, answered the call yelled an angry "BUSY!" down the line and hung up, turning it off as he did. John laughed, the vibrations humming through Sherlock and he was off again, feeling the knot of fire in his stomach grow and his muscles tighten. He exploded into John's mouth, eyes rolling back in his head and it took a few minutes before he could open his eyes. When he did he lifted John from the floor and placed him on the desk, kneeling on the ground between his legs and grinned wickedly, grabbing the scarf and pulling him in for a deep kiss before taking John to the hilt in one fell swoop. John let out a strangled cry of what might have been his name and Sherlock began to suck, knowing John would not last long after his display minutes earlier. The wonderful sounds of John's moans were cut off by his phone ringing obnoxiously in his trousers and Sherlock decided that it would be fun to mess with John a bit, make him stew. He picked up the phone and answered it, then held it to John's ear. "John Sherlock won't answer his phone and we have a case that we need him for can you-" John put his fist in his mouth to hold back the sounds that were threatening to break free. "He's busy right now- Sherlock! Tomorrow." Sherlock could hear snippets of what Lestrade was saying and he decided to take matters into his own hands. He moved faster, sucking and licking until John was tense with the effort of holding back. With a sly wink Sherlock covered the mic of the phone and John came hard with a bellow of his name. Sherlock removed himself with a satisfying pop and licked his lips before bringing the phone back to his own ear. "Like I said we are very very busy and I'd appreciate you dealing with what is most certainly an uninteresting case with the hoard of baboons you employ. Have a lovely evening Detective, John and I assuredly will" The smile Sherlock gave was more akin to that of the cheshire cat than anything else. He flipped the phone off and swept around the room, still stark naked, picking up their discarded clothes and dropping them into John's lap. "As much as I hate asking you to get dressed" he eyed John's debauched body like an predator staking claim "I would prefer that we continue at home, wouldn't want any evidence of our presence to very left behind." John struggled into his trousers and coat, the shirt was a lost cause "Your wish is my command Mr Watson Holmes" John grinned as he slipped on his shoes and Sherlock did the same, both savoring the sound of what would be their new name. They were engaged, and life had never seemed so worthwhile until this moment, for either of them.
"Sherlock" John murmured and Sherlock choked under the weight of it, just one word and he was in pieces already "I know the risk you took in doing this, how it has hurt you already to get to this point, unable to contain it any longer, I cannot bear to think about for it hurts me to imagine you in the same pain that I have felt for years. If this, if
Deep down he was fully aware that this was unrequited because Sherlock could never feel anything other than perhaps a sense of camaraderie for him. They were flatmates, friends maybe, partners in crime. Nowhere on the map of their friendship did 'Miraculous realisation of love and lust for you' appear. Except on one side of the map, it had. A staggering explosion that had taken over John's map, it was the milky way of his starchart: beautiful and unattainable, you can't help but stare at it, want to know every little thing about it and have every single star shine down on you because you mean something, and even the sky needs grounding sometimes. John was no astronaut. It was time to stop wishing that he was and be content with laying in the grass and looking at the clouds with Sarah, telling her all about the stars. He went to the bar with that in mind.
Greg had not slept at all, he replayed Sherlock's soft cries over and over in his head. If he hadn't before, he now fully understood John's hatred. It was apparently completely warranted. The bed was warm, stiflingly so, and as it had just turned six am, He figured it was an acceptable hour now to ask Mycroft."Mycroft?" Greg whispered, though they both knew he was awake. "Yes Gregory?" "I overhead Sherlock last night, crying out in his sleep..." Mycroft shifted towards him. "It's rather unnerving is it not? Now you are intrigued as to how on earth that could happen, how anyone could touch the untouchable correct?" Greg shook his head. "It's not that, although it was shock enough when he let John... No it's more the fact that he's so... Childlike in some ways and I don't know how someone could do something so horrible that he..." Mycroft sighed. Clearly it was time to tell Gregory the story. John would get it in his own time from Sherlock himself and that would be important for them both.
Sherlock was an enigma, a puzzle that John would spend his entire life trying to solve. Sarah was safety and comfort, a family. And John honestly didn't know which one he wanted more. His future with Sherlock was uncertain, a myriad of narrow escapes and sprinting around London, giggling at crime scenes and writing his blog. Until one day the escape was too narrow, or there wasn't an escape at all. Maybe one day they wouldn't get away by the skin of their teeth, and one would be left all alone again. Or in a distinctly darker future of arguments and storm outs, one would come home to find the other dead by their own hands, needle plunged into pale flesh or gun tilted into an open mouth. Sherlock was a black hole, and John was terrified that he wanted to be pulled in, more so when he realised that there was no u turn if he did. He must be a masochist, staying with Sherlock this whole time, inches away from him in the flat, pressed up against him in small spaces watching criminals. He could feel it, himself dying. It was slow, so slow he would have dismissed it as nothing had it not been himself. If he knew anything at all he knew himself and what was happening was going to kill him, tear him apart limb from limb until there was nothing left but the hollow man he'd deserted after three little words in a dark morgue "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
It was dark, the real , true dark of a place uninhabited by people, lit by stars only when they reached the intricate metal gates that lead the way to the largest of the Holmes mansions. A towering monument to pre-victorian architectural style, the whole party were gratified to see lights still on, they were eagerly awaited. Like clockwork Sherlock's eyes fluttered open as soon as the engine stopped purring and he pushed himself up from John's lap and into alert wakefulness in minutes, time John was definitely willing to spend as the others alighted the car and the door opened. "Hello." John murmured at his sleepy detective when he himself had clambered out and held a hand into the car to lead him out too, and was pleased when he responded only with a langorous smile and an almost dainty use of the offered limb as he swept out into the cold air with the unfathomable grace he just possessed. "Come inside Sherlock, John, before we have two new additions to the ice sculptures tomorrow!" Orabelle Holmes called from the doorway, her voice carried to them by the wind as it swirled with flakes of ivory, hitting the already blanketed ground and Sherlock stood, hand still in John's, marvelling in the warm butterscotch of his gaze and John was happy to let him, he wasn't feeling the cold anyway, not when he was watching Sherlock's halo of snow form. In fact, they could have stayed that way, frozen together all night. "You are beautiful" John barely breathed it, and Sherlock's slight selfdeprecating smile, he fell just a little more in love with him. "Let's get you inside love, before you catch your death." Sherlock nodded once and John spun them round to go inside and was promptly startled by the gang of people standing staring at them from the sitting room windows. "They are rather sweet aren't they" Lucia/Anthea/Holly quipped, and Greg elbowed her with a laugh "you've gone soft Hols really, just a carebear in disguise" as he breathed on the glass and drew a little heart with his finger, pointing at the couple walking up the drive. Simultaneous two fingered salutes were the response, and even Mycroft had to laugh at that.
Thank God for that, I swear you'll give Mrs Hudson a heart attack one of these days, the amount of times she's come home to smoke pouring out of the flat is ridiculous -J
“You could… you could stay? I mean, I'd like it if you maybe stayed, or, or we could...” John trailed off himself. A soft noise like an animal wounded broke forth from Sherlock's lips and he couldn't speak, couldn't breathe but for confusion and hurt for whatever it was that was making Sherlock, so utterly luminous and brilliant, anything less than himself.
"Alright then, so if I were to hypothetically be getting a ring, what would you most want?" "It would have to be thturdy like you, nothing too fanthy, Jutht to tell people that I am yourth and you are mine" John looked pensive and then nodded. "I have a plan then, for what I'm getting you. Don't try and deduce it out of me now" John mock scolded him. "Hmmm night Lock" John sighed against his shoulder and closed his eyes. Sherlock has a rather comfortable shoulder for someone who looked so angular John thought as he snuggled closer.
Anderson was in a similar position a few miles away. With his wife waiting for him in bed, he stood at the sink under the pretence that he had to brush his teeth. He couldn't help but think of the ring from earlier, and all the connotations that came with it. He knew well that the freak cared about no one, never had. Even his brother was treated to venomous glares and harsh insults. Yet there was a silver ring, nestled in a small pillow that said otherwise. Jim had noticed it, the way they looked at each other, like nothing else in the world mattered. He'd watched them jump in front of bullets for one another, battle criminals that threatened either of them, even fake death to save the other. The freak cared about only one person, and he was going to proclaim it to everyone by asking the lapdog to marry him. He twirled his own ring nervously. Had he ever felt that way about his wife? The short answer was no. He wished that he did, that he could honestly say that she was his whole reason for breathing, but he couldn't. He envied the devotion Sherlock and John had, there had never and would never be anyone else for Sherlock, and John, well he had given his heart to the detective by the time he and Jim had first met. They were enraptured by each other, perfectly suited. Why couldn't he have that? From Sherlock, that ring meant forever, friends, partners, lovers, husbands, only John. But from him... Had it meant anything at all? Long after most of London was asleep Anderson and Donovan lay awake, imaging the proposal of the man they called freak to the soldier they called lapdog and found that jealousy and a strange sense of goodwill were the main emotions this brought.
"John" he called in a stage whisper. "Yeah?" John whispered back. "I cannot wait to be your husband." Sherlock could hear the smile in John's voice when he replied "I can't wait to marry you either Sherlock." He only closed the door when John had gone around the corner. Just seven more hours. He could do seven hours. Then, the rest of his life, and wasn't that a thought to fall asleep with.
They had fallen asleep much the same way as they had before, wrapped tightly in each others embrace. Sherlock had not slept for long. There was a lot to consider. What they had been doing up until now had been very much innocent, Sherlock could pick out children on the street who'd done much more but it had also been private. While on the case Sherlock had barely had time to breathe and he had only spoken to John to use him as a sounding board for his deductions. In reality Sherlock was, grudgingly, nervous.
I have no idea to what you are referring brother, but I don't think you get to decide if Dr Watson shares or not, You haven't before -MH
A little dark haired boy had begun sprinting up the drive as soon as the car had stopped and called out to them as they walked. "Uncle Sherlock, Uncle Sherlock! Auntie Belle said you'd bring me the photo if I promised to walk down the aisle, the one of the nun!" John gaped at Sherlock. "The one without the-" As he spoke Sherlock was pulling a rather graphic photo of a headless nun out of his coat pocket. "She might have mentioned something of the sort Archie, now take that and run along, I expect detailed notes back when you've finished studying it. Blame Mycroft for this by the way, I said he should be the one who had to be page boy but alas Mummy was not half as amused by the idea as I was." Archie did as told with a big smile and it was only then that Sherlock turned to John wearing his best version of an innocent face. John hadn't said anything before he'd started spewing. "In my defense it wasn't my idea, and the boy is interested in criminology, specifically forensic analysis and I am just helping him along to avoid another Anderson being released into the world. If anything what I just did was a public service. He's ten anyway, at that age I'd actually seen a corpse up close, admittedly that particular corpse was in a coffin at the time, but still. Oh. Eh, John that was my cousin Archie, Archie even though you're out of earshot that was my John, introduced. " John watched the boy, clad in dark jeans and grey shirt running through the rainbow of people to a secluded spot and taking out a pen and paper. He stood out a mile in the family group, probably in a similar way to Sherlock as a child.
Sarah heaved a breath, head tilted to the side to conceal her face, her small hand attempting to conceal any sounds. John went worryingly quiet in the background.
John pursed his lips in distaste. "You can't expect someone to be that perceptive, regarding their reaction to hearing such a thing at such an un-godly hour." John looked at him with skepticism. "What? Did you expect me to solely recognize the guns type by the sound of its fire?" He asked sarcastically.
-John huffed a strange, small, angry, and vaguely amused sound and raised an eyebrow. "And what do you propose happened?" He asked voice carrying an undertone of anticipation. He'd become rather fond of Sherlock's habit, but could you blame him? The man was a walking computer, instantly gathering information, developing likelihoods and reaching conclusions in a matter of moments. How he spoke so quickly yet with such eloquence.
Sherlock can't help the small, grossed-out sound that pushes its way up his throat this time, and steps a little to the left. To put some space between them—his breath really reeked- and casually reaches his hand into the plastic bag to pull out his new binder, slipping his Student Corporeality folder into it, then back into his bag. Might as well do it tonight. And tosses the cigarettes and crayons into his papery pool. The motion too quick for Anderson to identify the childish item or the tempting other.
But she had already taken out her pristine american IPhone, she’d won it in some inane giveaway on YouTube. It wasn’t even a beauty giveaway, and she followed Bethany Mota. Her thumbs whip across the screen in practiced motion, not a typo in sight. Sherlock idly wonders if Irene could do it with her eyes closed.
John blew a frustrated breath out of his nose. "Why don't you sit this one out?" John suggested, watching Mike switch his weight from one foot to the other, his pocketed hands twitched with impatience.
And John...he'd surely seen pictures of his latest project. Was feeling scared, thinking he'd just escaped most certain death. Daft little John, thinking Sherlock would ever lay an unwelcome pinky finger on him. No matter his longing and frequent lucid dreaming. Sherlock respected him far too much to consider.  It ached to repress at times.
John just chuckles and toes off his loafers, “You wouldn’t be the first.” And lays back onto the cot, making the ancient bedframe creak beneath the pressure. Then closes his eyes, folding his arms beneath his head with a sigh.
Kevin scoffed tiredly. "I'm not a pimp, Sherly. And I don’t keep tabs on everyone who shows up. Unless of course, they’re up in my supposed-pimping
“So you want me to accompany you so I can guess the trajectory of the bullet by looking through the hole in our poor president’s head?”
John seemed to consider for a moment. Before abruptly shaking himself out of it. “What if I see one of my clients? They could say something.”
John feels Sherlock’s left hand press against his left pectoral, but it’s even weaker than the first. “
Ignoring the alarmed "Sherlock wait!" he slammed the door open and disregarded the sound of the door banging into the wall. A shower of splinters separated Sherlock from them for a moment. That was going to leave another dent. Damn it. "What do you want? As I've said I'm rather busy." He affirmed sibilantly and attempted to sift wooden fragments from his locks. Repositioning his arctic glower onto Christie: who appeared to be forcing the poor girl to relay her beliefs and provoke Sherlock into exploding on her for reasons he didn't dare dwell on. John hovered a few feet behind him, hesitant of worsening the situation and unsure of what to do, he
Jim Moriarty. Unassuming, precocity, and contempt thinly veiled in polite remarks nearly always alluding to someone’s deduced faults or general ineptitude beyond their notice. If only he weren’t unstable enough to entertain a madhouse of loonies, Sherlock may have responded to his ceaseless and occasionally cynicism-abating promptings during HIST 301. Still, he was manic, though. Quite the con to mind.
Loneliness, its hollow ebb would fill his pointless chest cavity, and it would feel full if it weren’t for a small sliver of light curling around the edge of a larger circle, an eclipse of sorts, sternly delineating black as no longer bright. It does not sneak upon him in his weaker times, nor spontaneously cry wanton pleas for attention with cynical jabs at his esteem or chosen regimen whenever his subconscious sees fit. Because not only does alone protect him, it is…him. He is brightest in his isolation. A drive like one he’s never experienced out of Mycroft’s first caravan grips him and makes him twitch, his mind is suddenly famished and starving for it. Its endless nature, its guiding texts and solid, solidarity is promisingly unrelenting in its quantity. Tranquil ripples are given life by his mind and his body only, manifesting a certain bubble of surreality in his ironically small room. A liberating safety, but also soft inspiration found in what most would call sad or, in more amusingly pathetic cases, torture.
needs to stop with all this angry anger because anger fucks with your stomach and that kick-starts inflammation and he can’t handle disease right now. Not when this poor boy needs help of his own—and John also
Deciding he'd had enough, he lowered his head to work at John's neck. "Ah, could you-could you not-don't make them visible please." John choked out a bit as Sherlock continued. "Waer mafkup." John groaned and rolled them over so he was on top. "No. Makeup is for girls."
“Let me rephrase. They aren’t schooled in artillery, they don’t know what a gun’s bullet does before it hits, only after. You, on the other hand, would know very well, now wouldn’t you?”
"I know what you do, boy. And you're not letting Sherlock get one whiff of it. You hear me?" John felt the hair on his arms raise at the chilling dip the woman's voice had taken. He nodded, then shook his head, he would never ever contribute to turning Sherlock into one of those animals. And he told her so.
piss off a seemingly decent person, of whom is going to share the same 5 feet of space with you for the entirety of the next four years?
And so, John carefully slips his left hand underneath the pale chin currently propped on his sturdy shoulder as a mop of curly hair lilts lax against the side of John’s own head and obscures his vision, tickling his nose with finesse to mimic a feather-duster. A quiet little huff through his nose makes them flutter away momentarily as he lifts Sherlock’s face into view with tender fingertips. He was still crouched in a protective hunch of sorts and his knees were beginning to ache—but no matter. John needed to ensure Sherlock hadn’t been concussed. John could already feel himself slipping back into old doctor-like habits manifested over comical bickering on stem cell research controversy and public prostitution being masked by the pretentious logo of ‘Chat-Line’, clearly smothering crime in legality. ‘
"Carrie, you might wanna take a look at this." Daryll looked at the screen warily as the eerie figure passed through the hallways in a fast pace. Carrie came over not a second later and leaned over the desk on her hands, causing the fabric of her blue dress shirt to rustle and observed the computer with her mouth set in a grim line. She opened her mouth and closed it again. "Does...does his mask say 'criminal'?" Daryll blew out a frustrated breath. "Well duh." She fixed him with a glare with her dark brown eyes. "We need to call the police."
Becoming a pawn or a page six headline. Going willingly would never be an option, and neither was participating in such nauseating territory. Should the opportunity ever present itself, he'd be caught dead before joining the damned organization, if you could even call it that. Spider's acts were nothing short of monstrous. And he expected nothing less from his own institution. His boys would remain loyal, as he had done so for them many a time...well.
“Say hello to Spongebob for me.” Jim opens the door, stood aside and posing with all the poise of a Victorian butler as he beckons Sherlock to exit distractedly. His pale thumb already swiping rapidly across his lock-screen to type in a passcode that would take an (unfathomable for most) considerable timespan to crack.
"Don't you have a wife at home, Gavin?" Sherlock cut in, serving to make the detective-pest across from him twitch. He hadn't spent twenty minutes convincing the criminal to accompany him to a crime scene, only for Greg to awaken some labor-on-his-part-muted insecurity and make John leave.
Sherlock was looking at him expectantly. Ah, “Anytime.” John waves off, not voicing the obvious about the genius’s  own rather concerning situation—as the headmaster had referred to Sherlock as during their last meeting. Genius. He’s not one to disagree with the hard-earned term as he observes the multitude of projects littering Sherlock’s side of the very much occupied room, feeling a little proud. There was a method to the madness here, just have to look, he supposes. Observing a jar filled with formaldehyde and tiny white balls, the label reading: Rat eyes. Lovely.
“All righty, so beta carotene and nicotine cause intracerebral hemorrhages in high doses.” A mousy girl asserts and thumbs her pointy nose in an oily fidget from the preceding seat in front of him.
John emerged from the cabinet grumbling and rubbing the top of his head. Did he do that on purpose? Sherlock merely blinked at him. The prick.
Sherlock twitched at that, and turned around, looking a lot less accommodating than before. "I'm quite sure that I do-"
"I found it on the floor after I interrupted the brawl, you dropped it before you fled." Sherlock answered.
“Chances are admittedly slim given your tight timeframe and still-manifesting hobbies. Nonetheless, you’ve most likely grown bored of your self-imposed ostracizing due to a fallacious theory of cliques being impervious to inviting another member. Though this isn’t secondary school, and they’re all far too inebriated to keep count of whoever decides to jump in anyways. Main factor being, you’ve grown attached to someone in the little hours of free time you’ve been spared, so attached in fact you would ditch your favorite pastime and second aspired scholarship to sprint down the corridors like a madman in search of this person. Not to mention your consternated expression that could trick anyone into believing you had just witnessed your family be burned alive…”
“Don’t be daft, of course I did.” John looks incredulous for a moment, so he distracts him with. “I didn’t know the number for animal control. And I’d have been arrested if I called the police department for something so ridiculous.”
Sherlock almost winced aloud at the irony. But it was better to have Gavin know now than have him find out later.
Turning his attention from Sally's darkening features, he quipped rhetorically. "Contemplate why, why don't you?"
“Wow, who pissed in his grits?” A blur of artificially gray hair murmurs at his right. Griffin, John surmises at the boyish timbre befitting of not a man in their graying stage.
He just needed to clarify that he could politely return the coat and retrieve his belongings without being slaughtered. "The morgue…oh dear! Take a seat! You look like you’ve seen a ghost!" She steered his pale form to a stool before he collapsed.
John said nothing as Sherlock shook his head in relent and receded to the kitchen. Shoes disturbing the wooden debris as he tiredly ambled on.
Deciding he was being astoundingly pathetic he uncrossed his legs and downed his glass's remaining components. What was he? A socially awkward, introverted, teenage girl that read gay fanfiction and blushed at the slightest intimation of gay activity in the non-fictional world? He thought
The poorly whispered title earns John a glare which very well may have reflected the fires of hell. “Uh, Glad I didn’t scare you off, then, I’ve heard I’m a bit of a kicker.” Sherlock’s eyes narrow in consideration of who, exactly, John may have heard that from. “But we’re getting off topic.” A knowing, accusatory grin is aimed Sherlock’s way on the final sentence. “Hand it over.”
Like he'd sensed his discomfort, Lestrade turned to him. Looking far more accommodating than the first time around. "You wouldn't mind coming along?" The inspector glanced at Sherlock, then looking at him in silent plead. What the- "I would really appreciate your company, Sherlock was right, your skills are most helpful." Greg's eyes grew in size.
"John let me in, your bandages needed to be changed before you so rudely threatened me with that pencil." John thought he could hear a hint of worry in the voice.
Sherlock halts his trek, it was almost physically painful to watch him go before, he looked so forlorn. But now he perks up and turns to John, looking surprised. A small hesitance is visible in his posture while his voice stays proud and politely imploring. “You think so?”
A brief, boyish laugh sounds soft yet bright at Sherlock’s side over the muted chaos of the room. “Uhm, all right. Why do you want me to leave you be for the next twenty-some hours? That might be a little hard considering we, you know,
Sherlock sighed, already knowing how this was going to end. And slid his other arm through his coat’s sleeve. “Quite.”
He debated unceremoniously dropping Watson onto bed and walking away but that would be counterproductive, so he settled for laying him in bed carefully and covering him with some old sheet he'd found lying around. When he finished he heard a soft "Thank you." and looked down to see a tranquil expression on the others face though their eyes were closed. Reaching the door in silence he replied with an equally quiet "You're welcome, John." and left the room.
Sherlock peered at him over his shoulder and turned towards him. John twitched in irritation at the height difference. "How else could I have possibly discerned the scene I witnessed?"
Sherlock now looked as though he were wondering how many brain cells had shriveled up and died from his time spent under Afghanistan’s glaring sun.
He wished John was here. Uncaring of the fact John would either scream for help and bang at the cell door, maybe beat him bloody for his gruesome, immoral acts. It would be funny.
Staying still, he dozily contemplates possible mechanisms of murdering John Legend without moving…until the pillow starts trembling with repressed laughter. “Comfy?”
"I have something, something rarely found in social conditioning." He smirked and paused for effect. "Self-control." John's face went inappropriately impressed at that, due to his head trauma mostly but Sherlock ignored that. He may have reveled in the expression a tad too much. John's eyes began to drift closed. "John, I need you stay awake." Sherlock demanded. "You have a concussion if you go to sleep you have an extremely low chance of survival." He informed John sternly, a tad desperate now. He'd never found himself in a situation where cold, hard logic failed him. it was... unpleasant to say at least. Sherlock had began shaking John at some point, but it didn't appear to be working much to his dismay. Too tired and comfortable to care, John's vision went black and he welcomed the cold and dark with open arms. Exhausted and sore, he allowed the cold and dark to take it away, uncaring of the consequences in his concussed state.
John really wished he had gotten in a few more good hits on Henry Long before he'd passed out, because waking up to  the iron tang of blood in his mouth was getting really old.
Sure enough, no sooner had the words left his lips than the detective’s distinguished cheeks transformed into their distinct shade of rose. “If the constabulary are quite finished, I believe a hearty meal is in order. These winter chills can fell a man who hasn’t received the proper sustenance.”
Regardless of Mycroft's insinuations, Sherlock did, in fact, possess the ability both to clothe himself and to avoid his less savoury habits when visiting their childhood home. He wasn't an idiot. Seeing him in anything other than perfect health would upset Mummy terribly, and Mycroft already did enough of that for the both of them. As the two brothers made their way to Sherrinford Estate in silence, Mycroft ruffling through his documents, and Sherlock very pointedly not making conversation, the younger man kept himself busy thinking up ways to leave the dinner early. He intended to return to his cases at home as soon as possible.
"The weather is much more pleasant in Venice." Sherlock and Mycroft chuckled for a moment before spinning on their heels and striding off together towards departure gate 14.
' The third door down creaked open and a shock of dark curls emerged from it. "That one I take it" John smiled and scuttled inside, locking the door behind him. Sherlock had a light dusting of pink across his cheeks, and his embarrassment was obvious in the colour and his downcast eyes. "Hey" John soothed, pulling Sherlock's chin up so their eyes met "it's fine. It's all fine. Now, what do you need?" he asked, steering Sherlock to the chair. Sherlock looked down pointedly at his own trousers and then back up at John. "Tell you what. I'm just going to do what I usually would and when you need the jar" a sly wink "just say so kay?" Sherlock nodded sceptically and John grinned before settling onto his lap and licking at his neck and grinding their hips together slowly. Sherlock groaned and managed to get a small "Thank you John" out before their lips met. John slipped his belt open and pulled him out of the confines of his trousers, taking a broad stroke of the fully hard flesh beneath his hands. Maybe it was strange, but John couldn't really help but feel flattered that Sherlock needed him to be present to get hard and he was very enthusiastic in his new role of helping hand, literally. In the end they almost didn't manage to get the jar in time.
with Sherlock Holmes, the man who'd just run into the night on the verge of tears to get away from him, and who incidentally thought he was in love with someone else, and who may actually be his soulmate and,
John went to sit up on the edge of his bed. He looked from one corner of his quiet little flat to the other. Coming back from the noise and destruction of war made London feel a lot more bleak and dull than he remembered. John chucked silently to himself.
"So you see Sherlock, I know I'm going to win, I always do. The question is, what I do with my prize? He'd make a fine pet for me. But you know how I love games...We can settle this easily. Guns on the table." Moriarty dropped his revolver on the table, and Sherlock followed suit, pulling his own gun out and placing it down. "Now switch them and roll the bullets... That's it. Now put it to your head." Sherlock smirked. "Russian roulette." Jim's smile glittered "That's right Sherly, well done!" The barrel of the gun rested snugly against both of their temples. "Pull on three!" Sherlock closed his eyes. "One." The safety clicked off, and Sherlock copied. "Two" His fingers curled around the trigger. "Three" a shot exploded through the air and Jim slumped onto the table, blood spattered across Sherlock. He opened his eyes to find a similarly bloodied John standing alone, smoking browning in his outstretched hands. He smiled tearily at Sherlock,and pulled out the velvet box, back from the grave "I'm nobody's prize."
Then, remembering Sherlock's posh undertones and the crisp three piece suit this Mr Holmes was currently donning, he didn't have to think hard to conclude on the Holmes family’s apparent wealth.
"Do you just hate sitting down or am I the problem?" He asked cheekily, watching the splash of red cross Sherlock's face as he realised that he was being stared at by the entire plane and hastily moved to sit down, tucking his shirt awkwardly into his trousers and unbuttoning his jacket swiftly as he did..
Sherlock thought back to the week he was at St. Bart’s and what little interaction he had with John. Their first proper introductions when Sherlock regained consciousness and the nights he vaguely saw John hovering in the corridor just outside his hospital room.
John squeezed his eyes shut momentarily, forcing himself to remain conscious, even if it meant being awake for more. God he could hear him laughing, the same lilting laughter that Moriarty employed. Bile rose in his throat at the squelching noise the nail covered paddle made as it exited his flesh. The blood began running out of the holes and down his stomach, soaking into the fabric of his uniform until it was an unrecognizable shade of burgundy. He counted the pain points. Nine nails then. Sebastian poured a shot of vodka into each hole, smiling broadly at the way John's face wrinkled up when it hit the cuts. John did the calculations. At this rate the blood loss wouldn't kill him for another three hours or so. Three hours would have to be enough. Sebastian turned away, lighting a cigarette and John stared into one of the cameras, then each of them in turn. He raised his hands and made a capital H, then held up three fingers. He hoped that they were watching, that they'd understand. As Sebastian turned back around John did one last thing to aide his partner. He made a tiny cross.
Mycroft fiddled absently with his cufflinks, then his pocket watch, and then the buttons on his waist coat before Lucia looked up from her phone. She had decided (much to Mycroft's embarrassment) that he needed an escort back to London to ensure he actually went. Lucia had a talent for stalling any meetings they were going to be late for, he'd never asked what she did to make it all ok with the leaders of the free world but he assumed it was just another one of the infinite ways she had become integral in his life (She flirted mercilessly with every single one, and they all flirted back. It shocked her at first when she received a reply from the queen but why not?) "Sir if you keep fidgeting I may be forced to give you a mild sedative." she chided, smirking at the latest message from the French president. "It will be fine, I'm sure Greg will understand." Mycroft sighed and looked out the window, watching as the familiar shores of England came into view "And what," he asked candidly, "will I do if he doesn't?" She gave him a half smile that he caught in the reflective surface. "We'll keep on fighting for him until he does sir, but I doubt it will come to that." Mycroft was not so certain of that. He'd acted in a way that was not befitting of a man of his station and treated Gregory horribly, all because he was afraid of getting hurt himself. The irony was not lost on him. "I hope you are right." he sighed and picked up his umbrella as they began to descend. Nervousness was clawing uncomfortably at his stomach, and with the genuine fear of rejection and resignation to the latter Mycroft was a veritable bag of heightened emotion, the majority of which he never felt in his everyday life and most certainly not to this extent. 'You stop wars and fight terrorists' he thought to himself 'this is a mere trifle compared to some of the things you have done'. But it wasn't, this was so much bigger than that, this was the only person he had loved outside of his family - which included Lucia, and perhaps his horses. Sentiment. "Oh Gregory what have you done to me?" he muttered softly and rose, disembarking straight into a black sedan. "Home please David, thank you."
Settling back onto the reclining bed, Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin, deciding to wait out his release from the hospital by running through the details of the ongoing case once again. He had been working the case for a week. It had appeared to be your average double murder; a five, at most, Sherlock had commented that first time Lestrade approached him -- hardly worth Sherlock’s time -- until one thing led to another, and Sherlock found himself struggling to track the movements of a smuggling ring responsible for a string of other crimes including kidnappings, extortion, money laundering and, if Sherlock was correct, several counts of human trafficking and prostitution. This all on top of their more mundane smuggling efforts and the murder of two of their trafficked workers had Sherlock with his hands quite full trying to anticipate both the movements of the ring and the bungling of his instructions by the Yard.
The three men walked to meet the ambulance team and the officers waiting in the foyer with Lestrade at their elbows. Sholto safely in medical hands, Greg rounded on Sherlock. "Alright. Who is it?" Sherlock smirked. "You really couldn't guess? Who can remain unseen at both a wedding and the guard at Buckingham? He never even showed his face. I believe you'll be wanting to grab the photographer Mr. Fischer before he makes a break for it." There was a soft cough from the left and John burst into laughter at the sight of a sixty odd year od man dragging the suspect in by his ear. Cuffs quicky in place Edgar sighed. " Sonny, next time you want me to bring you the criminal, would you mind giving me something other than the ear dragging suggestion to catch them with?" Sherlock shrugged when Lestrade gawked at him. "It worked didn't it?" John rolled his eyes at his new husband as Fischer was pulled away, now one camera poorer. ("It has all the photos of today, of course we're keeping it" "But Sherlock its evidence in the-" "shhhhhh John.") And as the lights of the squad car flashed and it drove away, a round of applause drifted out from the dining room to them. "By the way, let me be the first to say, because I have no doubt you'll be hearing it all night, you were brilliant. " John beamed up at Sherlock who flushed slightly and looked away. John was right, he was the first of many to say that, with Edgar sliding in at second place and Archie in third. They all blurred together after that, and it should have been nothing but for some reason Sherlock felt more accepted among his family that night than he had for a very long time because of it.
"Nine holes in his stomach made by the nails caused extensive muscle damage but his body already began repairing it when we drove here. The scars from that will fade. The bruising on his face has already subsided significantly and will continue to do so. Two of his ribs have cracked so breathing will be difficult as will moving. The burns on his arm will scar and will most likely remain on his body for his life." Lestrade grimaced and reached into his pocket, gagging slightly when he touched the skin that had welded onto the metal. "Here, thought he might want these back for some reason." Sherlock took the bracelet and looked at it, inspecting how much more significant it had become. The metal now held small pieces of John in it. He put it on the bedside table.
He recognized faces of politicians and actors and a few models here and there but still none compared to Sherlock in that heavenly charcoal number he had on. John caught sight of a couple that were very familiar indeed. He grabbed Sherlock's arm and looked up at him wide eyed. "Sherlock is that Wills and fucking Kate?!" Sherlock just smirked and John sputtered away. "What are they doing here?!" Sherlock laughed and waved it off "Extended family. It's all a bit messy." He laughed again as John tried to wrap his head around the fact that Sherlock was related to the queen and still didn't care who the primeminister is.
Sherlock entered Lestrade’s office in his typical fashion, taking the opportunity on the way in to enquire as to the status of Donovan and Anderson’s affair and telling them off before Anderson even had the chance to shoot back with an insult of his own.
John pulled off his surgical gloves with a tight snap and tossed them into the nearby bin, exhausted circles framing his eyes. Sherlock was, finally, blessedly, stable. In serious condition mind you, but stable nonetheless.
The mobile seemed… familiar. Sherlock could see the bottom of it jutting out, tiny scratch marks dotting the charging port, and dove into his mind palace, searching for why on earth he was so sure that he'd encountered the bottom of that phone before, when a throbbing pain in his temple dragged him back to reality.
“Its nothing really, I don't have any inexplicable holes in my memory, but you I can't seem to place. Why is that I wonder?”
John shrugged with a half smile. “I mean, I would prefer if you maybe hadn't done it but I understand why you did so, yeah, OK. Maybe I can help you out in some way- what do you think would be a good solution? Keeping in mind that you do have to stay until the 26th at least. I could have you moved to a private room if you like?”
Anthea cleared her throat and popped her head out from behind Sally "You'll have to explain better because that is not a game I've ever come across." Molly grinned. "It's simple, one person asks a question - for example who's the prettiest girl - then you outline parameters - out of Lily, Sally and eh... Mrs Hudson say - and then the rest of you have to answer, then give the reason behind your answer and the questioner has to decide who they agree with based on that. It's silly, but we used to play alllllll the time." Sally nodded slowly and then sat back against Anthea so the other woman could see properly. "Right then, who'll start?" "I will! I actually have a question in mind already so you know, might as well" Lily chirped and smiled. "Who's the cutest couple out of Sherlock and John, Your" she pointed at the women on the couch "bosses and Mrs Hudson and that restaurant owner, ranked in order of cutest." Lily sat back smugly as the others contemplated and she giggled, Anthea was clearly surprised that Lily knew about Mycroft and Greg, Sally slowly going over every interaction the two had and realising that Lily was right, and Molly was simply trying to rank all of her friends.
They were spinning away in tandem piqué turns and when they came back together White was transformed into the Black swan and The prince had no idea, only that he wanted him. The swan was alive against him, an electric presence like fireworks or lightning, a high voltage energy sign that warned that this Swan was dangerous and not to be touched but The Prince was blinded by his love and couldn't see it, The Black swan spun lithely around him and leaped into fouetté, a whip cracking in the air before they seamlessly melded into the promenade, an awestruck fool unaware that his true love was going to be lost to him forever as he spun his twin around and around, getting on one knee before him in a fluid motion as if proposing and rising as he accepted, dancing together for another moment and then he danced away euphoric.
"Mopeds or convertible?" Mycroft asked as Greg gawped  the array of vehicles that lay waiting for them.
"I'm calling Harry, you call Mummy and then we'll go get some lunch" Sherlock sighed but brought his phone up to his ear anyway. John gritted his teeth and dialed, listening to the ringing and almost hoping that she wouldn't pick up. She did. "Hello?" "Harry?" "John?! Do you need someone to bail you out or something because I know I told you the last time you bailed me out that I would return the favour but I doubt I could afford it" "No Harry I don't need you to bail me out, I work with the police on occasion, I have a blog?" "Oh yeah right, I keep meaning to read that blog of yours but I've never gotten round to it... What's been going on with you?" "Quite a bit actually but you first, how's Clara?" "She's good, still here if that's what you're getting at. As long as I'm sober she's staying with me." "That's really great Harry I'm happy for you. How's work, life in general?" "I'm a barista now, Starbucks. Clara and Tony, my sponsor, figured it wasn't good to work around all that temptation so I decided to leave the bar. Life in general... It's slow, kinda just trying to fit all the pieces back together after last year. But enough about me, what about you? Tell me everything, it's been a long time, almost three years since we've spoken." "I know Harry but" "It's okay Johnny, I understand that you couldn't do it anymore. No guilt in that." "Well I suppose I'll start at the very beginning. I moved to London again, got a flatmate. He's a genius and his name's Sherlock, he solves crime for Scotland yard and I'm his partner in crime. I may or may not have saved his life a few times and he's returned the favour." "He sounds interesting... What about your love life? That girl what's her name still knocking around? She had a great arse" "Em no. Actually Harry that's why I called. Sherlock's my flatmate..." "Yeah?" "and my fiancé. We got engaged yesterday." "OH MY GOD! CLARA! CLARA! JOHN'S GAY! HE IS! WHAT DO YOU MEAN HOW DO I KNOW! HE'S ENGAGED. TO A MAN. I'M ON TO HIM RIGHT NOW Clara says hello and congrats SERIOUSLY CLAR, GOOGLE HIM RIGHT NOW! SHERLOCK what's his last name?" "*sigh* Holmes." "HOLMES! One sec John I'm going downstairs to take a look." "Yeah I figured you would. I suppose there's no point in telling you I'm not gay? Probably not judging by those ear piercing shrieks." "I'm back! He's gorgeous, even I might give him a go, I mean look at those cheekbones" "Yeah I know..." "Well when do I meet him?" "Uh... He's not very personable... I'm warning you in advance that he can be very candid and he'll know everything about you just from looking at you." "I was never one to shy away from a challenge, plus I want to get to know the man who turned my baby brother!" "He didn't turn me, Harry look we'll talk more in person okay? I'll text you later and we'll meet up?" "God this is going to be very interesting isn't it? I'll talk to you later then Johnny, bye" "Bye Harry." The line went dead with a beep and John was left to figure out how best to introduce Harry to Sherlock, they were going to hate each other.
His brows were only slightly furrowed as he gave new instructions to treat the new problems that had presented themselves, checking on the IV and inserting a urinary catheter. He rubbed Sherlock's extremities, eyes glued to the monitors, his mouth set in a thin line and arms perfectly steady. He watched as the team set about ridding the patient's stomach of any more water from the Thames.
Sherlock swallowed audibly, and slowly, as if it pained him, turned to face John. Red eyes, wet and hurting, locked with his and John had never felt like more of a traitor than he did in that moment. Carefully, and it looked like it took all the effort in the world, Sherlock quirked his mouth into a parody of a smile.
The room had filled rapidly and more bodies kept flooding in, jostling for space they couldn't get. Eventually, much to John's relief, sliding doors into the next room were opened and suddenly, mercifully, he could breathe again. He spun around, looking for Sherlock's signature curls and found at least four other heads sprouted the same ones in various shades before he clocked his set, standing beneath a nearly tangible cloud and looking for the life of him like some sort of prince of darkness. A semicircle of empty space was left around him, and behind manicured hands and jeweled fingers tongues wagged about the prodigal son home again and still alone. "Quite embarrassing actually, although I assume he spun through take for attention from his poor mother. How she managed to hold her
All around, men worked religiously in the heat, lit orange by the glowing fire and shining with a layer of sweat, and young boys hurried to and fro with simple pieces in their hand and complex instructions in their heads. Tables, chairs, doors, barrels, toys and fences, all came to life beneath their hands. Stamford stopped abruptly outside a door that was open only enough for a sliver of light to spill out and smiled slightly to himself. "There you are Mr Holmes, one John Watson as requested. I'd best be off, fair amount to do, try not to embarrass him, he's quite good at what he does." Sherlock furrowed his brow "Embarrass him, I don't--?" but Stamford merely put a finger to his lips and pointed at the door. Hesitating only a moment, Sherlock slipped inside in silence.
It was some time before Sherlock came to, long enough for John to shower, make breakfast and return. "The car will be here at three and much though I wish we could avoid it I'm afraid that I at the very least have to go." Sherlock stared out at the door and John looked at him carefully in his peripheral vision. The tension in his shoulders had increased and John could make out a light sheen of sweat dappled across his forehead. He moved a bit closer, putting what he hoped was a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Not letting you go somewhere that dangerous alone. Three Holmes's under one roof? I'd be surprised if the place was still standing after the starter" he smiled and patted Sherlock's back softly, hoping to express that it was okay, even though inside he was having a tough time figuring out what he was going to do himself.
John was stringing lights along the wall, surrounding the window and then attempting to climb over Sherlock to hang them on the wall behind the couch. John flicked his eyes down to Sherlock who's face was unfortunately positioned between his legs, and he was staring right at his crotch. "Not helping Sherlock" John called down as he strung the lights along. "What's not helping? I'm supposed to help?" Sherlock retorted, making a cage around John's legs with his arms in case he toppled over. "Having your face in my crotch that's what's not helping and yes actually you could lend a hand with this decorating lark, after all you are taller" John grinned and hopped down off the couch, admiring his handiwork as he took a turn about the room. Sherlock pursed his lips minutely, the last thing he wanted was to encourage others to intrude on them that evening. She'd even invited Mycroft along. Mycroft. It was one thing to invite people who he had any semblance of liking for, but Mycroft was the one person out of the group - himself, John, Mrs Hudson, Molly, Lestrade, Angelo and apparently Mycroft - that he did not think he could even pretend to like. "Come on, there's more in the box" John smiled softly at him and began to adorn a small tree with various baubles, multicoloured reflective surfaces bouncing hues of purple and gold across his face, and Sherlock got up.
"Oh you don't like it or Oh you do?" John asked carefully, running his hand in small strokes over his back. Sherlock never replied, just nestled closer and sighed happily in his sleep.
"Greg you might do Mycroft's, we'll be all week waiting for them to finish."  Greg chuckled and complied, ignoring the vague protests about their ability to do it themselves. John was right, they really would have taken all day.
Mycroft whispered quietly to him from the other side of the room now that Sherlock wouldn't be disturbed by it. "Jesus Mycroft! Will John be okay? Three hours isn't a long time" Mycroft fiddled with his cuffs before responding. " There are a few possible outcomes from this situation. Preferably both John and Sherlock escape relatively unharmed from Moran. Unfortunately they don't exactly have the best track record for safety in the field. I am under no illusion that should this end with the death of John , Sherlock will not last for very long. There is obviously, the possibility of a trap. We will have to tread carefully, and yet haste is the only option we have. I hope you are prepared for combat Gregory, because I will be entrusting Sherlock's back up to you. Obviously he will refuse any help, but he will inevitably need it." Greg nodded, if he couldn't do anything to rectify the mistake he made by not putting John in protective custody, he would do something for him by protecting Sherlock. "Right. What do we do now?" Mycroft sat back down. "We watch."
Wiping his eyes John held out his hand to Sherlock. "Nice to meet you Sherlock Holmes. Now tell me about this dance of yours."
The white swan returned but The Prince didn't see him, no matter how close he danced or spun or leaped trying to make him remember. The Prince danced off to the left leaving the White swan centre stage, dancing his grief, reaching out his hand one last time before he crumpled in a heap, dead.
” Sherlock bared his teeth at his brother who was shaking his head gently and muttering ‘oh for god's sake’ under his breath.
Mycroft had not thought that Gregory would be so keen to stay away, but it seemed like he was trying to avoid him by taking John out. When the two men were out of sight he asked the driver to roll up to Sherlock, who's expression of discontent mirrored his own. It was a rare occurrence that they were in agreement about anything, but on this they could not be more in step. It had been a week, a full week since Mycroft had seen more than five minutes of Greg face to face and he was in need of some quality time and a good shag. While Sherlock had physically been around John almost 24/7 he hadn't really been around him, it was work and very much separate from their relationship, he was tired and John helped him sleep and made him tea, plus he was delightfully warm and decidedly comfortable to sleep on, he had a way of wrapping his arms around Sherlock when they were in bed that was very agreeable. They could conspire a thousand ways to keep them apart but in the end that would just backfire horrifically. "It's fine that they're friendly, but I am not enjoying their spending so much time together." Mycroft would have berated his brother for being so clingy, if he hadn't felt the same way of course. "Indeed. There has to be an alternative." So the two smartest men in London sat down and thought about it.
Try though he did to keep the noise made by the door to a minimum, in the relative silence of the house he may as well have slammed it. Gregory did not appear at the sound, in fact no one did. Mycroft looked around, observing his home for a few minutes. "Dust is eloquent" Sherlock's voice reverberated in his mind as he flicked from one thing to the next. Clearly Gregory had been there only a few hours ago, but that didn't mean he was here now. He started for the kitchen, but thought the better of it a step later. Perhaps the kitchen was better left alone, for if it were to be empty, Mycroft would honestly not know what to do with himself. These days it was Gregory who make sure it was kept stocked with whatever he needed to cook for them both and he would not have left any perishable food behind him, simply because that would have been wasteful, most definitely not out of any lingering affection he held for Mycroft. No. Instead Mycroft decided that he needed to go upstairs and sleep, any of the guest rooms would do, he would not be able to bring himself to sleep in their bed.
The thing that threw him the most was that he wasn't sure he wanted to be, and that was terrifying. He'd known this madman all of two full days and already he'd managed to make John feel
"Tell me again why we're going to a club?" John called from the bathroom, voice muffled by toothpaste. "It's the scene of the crime. Obvious." John chuckled to himself and mimicked Sherlock's lofty "Obvious" silently in the mirror before heading back to his room. It had been a while since he had been near a club, not after Harry of all people had told him it was better to stay away. They hadn't been his scene since was young and now that he was older the appeal hadn't changed. In fact he felt a little bit ridiculous. Probably a British thing he concluded, pulling on his black suit pants and the only non-checked shirt he owned, a light blue that high lighted his muscular torso. John slipped a pair of black loafers on and strolled to the kitchen, tucking his gun carefully into the deep pockets of his coat as he passed."Sherlock? When did you say we have to be there?" Warm breath blew across his neck and John knew Sherlock had done the whole silent movement act just because he liked terrifying John. "Around now would be good" John growled before turning around.
Tamping down on the panic, he finished up, turning towards the nurse that held up a towel and his surgical gloves. Pushing his way back into the operating room, he nodded towards a junior doctor who had been doing all he could to stabilise the patient on the bed.
Mary let out a chuckle. "Not wrong per say... Turns out this baby got it's patience from Sherlock because I'm in labour." Greg gasped, suddenly panicking. This was wrong, the due date wasn't for over a week.
Sherlock should have punched his throat in surprise, yet he had stilled, then wilted into the embrace like a sunflower deprived of its calling. (Maybe he was—No! Sanity! Rationality! Survival! Call upon them!) His arms yearning to grip John back just as desperately than befitting the circumstance. Thankfully, he refrained from that much, and allowed himself to be held throughout his quaking flaws for the first time since his elementary days co-hosted by his two favored patriarchal and matriarchal figures, and, at a time, a fraternal one as well.
Clean shaven, showered, hair sprayed down, not gelled. Good, two gays in a room didn’t look too good. (Not that Sherlock looked gay or anything of the sort, absurd.) Planned on arriving today, wasn’t in a rush for his stress lines were nonexistent and his posture relaxed. Pressed button-down and blue, woolen jumper washed with softener three days or so prior to his arrival, not a speck of lint. So, planned outfit and cleaned shoes, clearly looking forward to his enrollment after managing to get in. Had he not seen his report cards explicitly stating him above average? Of course he’d get in, the dumbass. John appears more mature than most, his patience speaks volumes, he even wears a belt. Smells of cologne strong enough to make him want to dig his face into John’s fuzzy midsection. Sodding Chanel, it always got him. Also smells of tea and bread, perhaps he’d paid his mother a farewell and had lunch, would explain his delayed arrival today. Lipstick smudge on the bottom left corner of his sweater where John had wiped a kiss off his cheek with the material implied as much. Couldn’t be a girlfriend, not a picture or memoir of her in sight.
But Jim frowns, his eyes flick across to either side of his face, the motion so quick Sherlock imagines he imagined it.
Before his hand could come in contact with the soiled bandage, a solid, thin object pressed against his throat, effectively pausing him. Not intimidated in the slightest, he turned to look down at his no-longer-unconscious companion. "A pencil. Are you kidding?" The latter only added pressure, Sherlock rolled his eyes and removed his hovering hands from the man who was beginning to share likenesses with a cornered lion. The man, seemingly realizing he was threatening someone with a writing utensil, lowered his hand slowly.
, they become the object of all their mother’s ills and woes. All because of her unmet dependency needs and an accompanying violent resentment of her child for having any needs themselves.” She finishes, heedless and mockingly distraught. “
The head of dark hair, nearly identical in appearance to Cujo (Sherlock shivers), whips around and then up to the ascending row behind him. Thinly groomed eyebrows furrow up at him in apparent surprise and grave exhaustion. His female counterpart mimics his direction of sight and onto him.
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line. "As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
. A creeping fear makes him feel far colder than his cotton hoodie should allow, even in the blasted air conditioning the university insists on preserving its students with like raw meat.
Sherlock then smiled tightly, a practiced motion. "Good day!" Promptly slamming the door in response to Sarah's shocked and Christie's disgusted expressions he went to recommence his actions prior...only to be interrupted once more.
Setting his jaw as his eyes water at the sudden realization that settles like a brick in his lower intestine, John reaches forward to shield Sherlock’s cool gaze from the light and tries to ignore the way the look appears a twin of the dulled glare his father sported when he told John, to so eloquently quote ‘fuck off’ on a crowed slur with a swerve of rich, sloshing bourbon. The 12 year bitter nectar seeming suddenly cheapened by its consumer’s classless consumption with a unseemly flick of supposedly-sluggish wrist. Always pissed off his ass but always sober enough to make the drink’s flawless toss-back. Always needed to keep going, inebriation not standing a chance against his—
Just as Sherlock could retort with one of his affronted or insensitive comments a resonant voice called out. "Kevin!" A voice snapped. "Get your lazy ass over here and stop flirting with customers!"
"Well, I wouldn't say strange. I'd say unusual. And yes, it was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary..." He noticed hesitance on Sherlock's face, and stupidly wondered if he'd ever been told that. John cleared his throat and refined with a stumbling. "You know, how you can put all of those clues together so quickly I mean."
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, sounding irritated, and straightens. “There is a cure, taking fact at face value and evading biased status quo.”
No, he wouldn’t do that. Couldn’t. Lest Mycroft catch wind of it after an untimely visit to question his sudden switch of arrangement to a sodden, underground cot. It had been roughly two years since their last clash, but chances were no light matter. The snooping big-nose might do something petty like get John suspended or belatedly rejected under the piteous excuse of an unfortunate mix-up in the university’s corrupted system. Sherlock would never live it down. Nor allow such a driven student of accommodating nature to lose his much-needed chance after teetering on the brink of poverty for the entirety of his life. England needed more doctors similar in temperament to John. Sherlock would know. John wasn’t to blame, he was merely being a good… friend.
"You're free to leave now." John startled. The monotone sentence emitting from the slouching figure observing the rubber finger, again. There was no way it was real, but John still played along. Because why not? Sniffing at the dust tickling at his nose, John looked at him, rays of grey sunlight highlighting the dusty room. The blizzard had let up a bit, but snowfall remained resolute and John could feel cool air leaking through the window-frames.
John squeezed his eyes shut and roughly scrubbed his thumb and forefinger over his eyelids, irritated. And suddenly feeling a bit overwhelmed with the situation.
“Of course. Aren’t you supposed to be AP?” John grins off the fervor, dropping the cigarette to the floor and crushing its already tattered remains beneath his sneaker. Nose twitching at the smell while Sherlock cocks his head back to peer up at him. John glares at Sherlock when he finishes, no heat in the gaze this time, not right now, making Sherlock raise an eyebrow. And digs a hand into the back of the curly mop, ruffling it harder at the noise of quiet surprise he got. “If I catch you smoking again I’ll steal your new biochemistry textbook.”
But, as usual, impelled them both. John rinsed the acidic tang from his mouth, being mindful of his pavement-induced lacerated palms. Once finished he glanced up, and only then took notice of his beaten reflection. He looked every bit as tired and defeated as he felt. Bruises and abrasions littered his person. Jesus, what had they done to him? John grimaced in discomfort when he probed at the torn flesh of his left cheekbone. And then, for reasons he currently couldn’t say coherently, he proceeded to further inspect the damage done.
Now smiling and looking pleased, Sherlock made to don the coat hanging by the door. “Precisely. Clever one aren’t you? Only took you ten minutes.”
that accompanied it. Or the way his entire fucking body loosened at the unpleasantly sweaty contact.
Sherlock walks a thin line of sociopathy and his pathetic humanity. Inching along a very deep, very endless and very captivating if granted a thought too many depression. Though that was a notable side-effect of the overt awareness that felt as though it clung to him like a magnet to the iron in his blood. It could be de minimis, brought about by his mentality, hormones and an unconscious necessity for affection. So, perhaps contemplating bruises on a toddler's wrists or sleek metrosexuals who turn their noses up at unsanitary men who had it all and more just a few years ago like they themselves currently did wasn’t his brightest idea.
. Sherlock looks on with a progressively rising eyebrow, sliding his half-empty water bottle over to the hacking boy with the tips of his fingers. The motion is slightly hindered by a small sea of crackling bitcoin paraphernalia deep enough to be worthy of a proud, chartist tear.
Frozen, Sherlock stays still, save for his eye twitching in annoyance at the ringing in his ears from the ostentatious opening shout. Histrionic yet a primly prat. A tediously common contradiction. And here… we… go.
“Let me rephrase. They aren’t schooled in artillery, they don’t know what a gun’s bullet does before it hits, only after. You, on the other hand, would know very well, now wouldn’t you?”
Sherlock shrugs and hangs his feet off the edge of the bed, making John release him from his blankie-leash. “A predominant guess, I’ll admit, I was bored and noticed that your mother knitted for you. Your sweater wasn’t knit by hand and it was your first day here. She would probably preen at her university boy being all grown up, fleeing the nest, and would want her son to wear something she’d made for the very occasion. So you clearly mucked it up and replaced it to avoid upsetting her.”
Moreover, John couldn't afford mistakes. Not anymore. His small network was suffering. More so than usual to clarify. All thanks to this...
Then it hit him, he looked up. "How do you know my name? I never told you a smidge of information about my person."
John slaps his hands over his face and groans. Ignoring the blocky view of knowing smirks and Mike's surprised eyebrow lift peeking through his fingers as he buries his face in his hands.
Sherlock scoffed as though the papers were insulting his livelihood and tossed another booklet aside, immediately reaching for another. Who the hell could he be hiring (John winced as another resume was thrown down carelessly, poor Eduardo hadn't a snowballs chance in hell.) and for what? "Speaking of which, it's probably done. Washing cycles generally take around fourty-five minutes, not seventy-two hours."
Sherlock squeezes his eyes closed as another gust wracks him with a bodily shiver, grip on the bars growing impossibly tighter until his hands really do seem to rip, and exhales deep and slow. He couldn’t feel his hands at all, it’s like his hands were merely keeping him grounded by muscle memory. And wasn’t that a thought.
"Woah, really? That's pretty cool." He nodded his head and pursed his lips in thought, looking to the side in impressment. Then he snapped his head back to her. "Do you think you can go in the elevator and press the button that says number twelve? And when it opens you go to the door that says the number on your key?"
Okay, what now. Find a way. Find a way. Find a way. His eyes shift around the cluttered 24x15 room in panic. Beneath the authentic calendar vividly printed with a delicately painted Chinese peacock lays an ironic metaphor of the bird’s second syllable. He pauses in shrill thought at the utter disregard required to toss such an intimate item in plain sight, given the monochrome fact it simply wasn’t Adler’s. And finds himself fearing for men as a rare whole. This ploy may take a moment.
It wasn’t all that shocking to hear, but it still hurt to nonetheless. They weren’t his loyal military boys anymore. At his beck and call, determined and willing. Bright-eyed and young, laughing aside their friends and reveling in their essential camaraderie, hiding away in Afghanistan’s barracks. Invalidation and age have changed them all for the worse. You see, John and his impeccable instincts had already known what would conjure up from the acknowledgement. Or maybe he didn’t. Therein lied the problem.
Silence. Christie's resolve dwindled, face contorting into one of hurt while Sarah stood stock still next to her. Hypocritical. Hypocritical. Hypocritical.
“Uh, yeah, all right.” John replies with a slight frown flickering over his features before jogging off. Only pausing to shout back a “Thanks!” from a good distance away when the empathy glaring above his coach’s kind gesture finally hits him.
Lestrade placed a hand on the back of the black swivel chair and leaned over the kids shoulder to further gesture to the application on the computer screen. They were seated in his office and he had to show him how to complete an application for networking in the U.S federal government.
Blinking back the tears stinging his eyes from the burning in his throat he shakily rose up to the sink and began rinsing away the acidic taste in his mouth. Being mindful of his raw hands from being scratched against the pavement. Once finished he looked up and only then noticed the bandages littering his body. Bruises and abrasions littered his arms, face, and shoulders. Jesus, what did they do to him? John grimaced as he decided to further inspect the damage and shakily removed the soiled wrapping on his torso, still somewhat dizzy from his little episode. Peeling off the first layer of bandages he noted the concerningly large amount of blood on them. Swallowing he took a deep breath to steady himself.
And then physically restraining himself from sprinting down corridors in his search like a madman. Again. So, adamantly reining in patience he didn’t possess, he had made himself walk around in his underwear to avoid booking it to nowhere-in-mind pants-less. Only after he’d shaven, eaten, wizzed twice, shaved, showered and orally sanitized, only then could he dress. Only then could he trod straight to rugby practice, his one endeavor. Point A to point B.
But John, being the strong little soldier he was, refused to be reduced to some sniveling mess because some preening prick decided to state the obvious. He was John Watson, Captain John H. Watson. Like hell he’d act like anything less.
“Not a sister either,” Sherlock adds at John’s imploring look. “She’s much too busy to bother with a now-distant relative.”
Sherlock immediately felt himself brighten. Not because he’d be officially one year closer to his demise, but because John could do simple math! Some cynical part of him knew he shouldn’t have been as excited by the revelation as he was. But the ability came with other admirable attributes. So, yes. Notable perk, it was. Perhaps some skeletal wraith of amity could blind John’s fist from its target.
