throwing a tantrum,” Darcy countered with a smile. “But, hey! It’s fine. Christmas is cool and wanting to celebrate a family holiday is cool. The fifteen feet of snow outside? Less cool, but I figure if I’m breaking a leg one of you will carry me home. So, win-win!”
Familiar bars reached Steve’s ears. Tony started dance-walking around the lab, rummaging for something. “This song,” Steve started.
“I think the fuck not, I want us to leave here still friends. Try explaining to Fury that the Avengers are splitting over a card game,” Tony settled it.
Steve pulled back and settled for resting his forehead on Tony’s.
“My di–”
“I don’t even wanna know how you know all this,” Steve said defeated.
“It’s suit paint, I ran out of watercolours.”
Flying was a big one. He’d tell his mother all about it over dinner, he’d tell Bucky about it when they were children. He’d explain about the planes and the zeppelins and the hot air balloons. Then he’d draw it and imagine how it must feel to be weightless, unaffected by illness. At times, Steve thought about how it would feel to stop existing altogether, how liberating and how beautiful. But as Tony held him tightly, he forced those particular memories out, choosing to focus on the nicer aspects of his experience.
“I wouldn’t use the plural on that one,” he explained quietly. “What did Bucky want?”
Steve’s mind was reeling with images of sharing Tony with Bucky. Aesthetically, he’d appreciated Bucky’s body since he first felt the tingles of attraction, back when he was young. He’d never acted on those thoughts, but he’d lie if he claimed he’d never entertained them. Sharing Tony was inherently hot, largely because it involved the man currently half-draped over his chest, but also because it would be with Bucky. He didn’t want to share Tony with anyone, though. He wanted the man for himself, naked and panting, moaning as Steve touched him
“Slightly? At times? Your modesty precedes you, Captain.” Tony bowed his head in mock courtesy.
Steve didn’t know how it happened, but he just found himself blurting, “I forgot to give you your present!”
Steve could only focus on the bit where Tony wanted to stop him from talking. He snorted bitterly. Of course the man didn’t want anything else. On the bright side, he knew how Tony Stark’s lips felt like on his. On the horrendously dark side, it had been done with a purpose, not at all because he felt like it.
“No, it isn’t. This sleeping issues, does anything help?”
“In this language?”
“When have you even seen
–” he whined.
“I think I miss the time when I didn’t have a phone,” Steve said snarkily.
“Better?” Tony asked as he poured hot water in a mug. He handed it to Steve. “Bruce’s special blend of herbs and potentially some drugs that won’t work on you, but they seem soothing anyway.”
“Good, it’s too much to even think about –”
“I mean, some of us did,” Natasha intervened.
“And,” she continued unfazed, “after each one you do a leap and say something nice about one of us.”
He was wide-eyed, cheeks stretched by the angle with which Steve’s cock nestled in his throat. He slid back, letting go with a pop. He kept the eye contact as his hands reached under Steve, lifting his hips. With steady fingers, he pulled his buttcheeks apart, exposing him. “Fuck, you’re perfect,” he whispered to himself.
Rationally, he knew Tony had already seen him in a particularly pathetic state, he could mention it. He could. Except his mouth wouldn’t open more than a tiny bit to exhale deeply, and he couldn’t force words out through that. The cold travelled up on his shins, then it engulfed his thighs. He turned to face the back of the couch, hugging himself tightly, physically unable to make himself reach for the throw and cover the rest of his body.
There’s remorse in Tony’s mind now. “Who the fuck teaches you these things, Barnes?”
“Right? I figured that as soon as I said it. I can’t exactly go around calling you my l— never mind.”
“I don’t suppose you could indulge them and put your mouth on their poor aching dick?”
“It’s perfect,” he said quietly, “thank you so much.” He placed it next to Steve and slowly lifted his arms to envelop Steve in a hug. On his part, Steve was still, letting Tony do his thing at his own pace. Once he was sure the man settled, he hugged him back; they stayed like that for a few moments.
“The shield’s fine as it is, don’t worry about it. We had a spending limit anyway!”
Bucky texted relentlessly. Question after question even during his mad speech. Then he switched to texting funny bits of stories and Steve smiled because Bucky was truly a great friend. There were private messages from all of them, including links to online stuff for when he felt brave enough. (Never, his mind offered.)
Tony burst into laughter. “The Star Spangled Man with a Pun!”
And on top of that Tony’s snippets of flirting pierced Steve’s throat like assassin-grade darts. In one of the group chats someone sent a screenshot of Steve giving his speech and Tony replied in all caps “LOOK AT HOW AMAZING HE IS” and Steve’s little hopeful heart could not take it.
For a moment, the whole bargain idea was nowhere to be found in his brain. “Ah. Well – what?” He was balancing the box in one hand, undoing the buttons on his slacks as he walked back.
His shock was visible even through the somewhat grainy feed. He dropped the peanut butter jar he was holding when he jumped at the sound of Natasha’s voice.
“She’s gonna shoot all of us, Clint. And some of you are more prone to dying than others.”
Tony sighed. “No, probably not. But Steve —“
“Fine, we’ll adopt. And a sex swing?”
Tony’s eyes were trained on Steve’s. His thrusts were growing erratic. “You belong with me, you’re mine, my love, my heart.” Tony’s eyes widened, his fingers dug into Steve’s shoulder blades. “Love your big hands choking me,” he moaned. “You’re gonna make me come, gonna milk my cock with that tight ass of yours, aren’t you?” His voice was strained, laced with despair.
“Today, Cap! We’re not getting any younger! Well, you’re not getting any older either, but I don’t know, just tell me what to put on Ben!”
Tony had reached the inside of his knee and was kissing it wetly. “No, I get it. Barnes was here earlier to bring us food —“
“We both have,” Tony agreed. “Too much. You better hurry up then, Captain.”
He was fixing his second cufflink when a hand pulled him to the side. He bristled and relaxed instantly when Pepper’s rosy cheeks lifted in a smile.
“Your job is not dying!” Tony shouted and Steve had nothing to say to that.
“Coffee stops you from growing, kids!” Tony shouted after them good-humouredly.
“I thought you all knew,” he shrugged.
“The kiss, Natasha was it bad?” he whisper shouted over the applause around them. Tony promptly spat his drink in what would later be dubbed the kerfuffle of the trip. The cameras were on Steve, because of course they were and Tony was next to Steve because of course he was. So when he accidentally bathed their side of the table in a surprised doubletake, Steve knew everyone back home went apeshit. He got up, smiling benevolently at Tony who was looking up in horrified surprise at him.
“You dressed up for me,” Tony countered.
“Beep beep,” Friday deadpanned.
Steve allowed himself a chuckle. He’d done well. “Why are you in my bed, though?”
“Actual five year old, ladies and gentlemen,” Steve announced to the room.
Steve shook his head, then made himself stay still.
Thor sat down on the floor, letting Bennu crawl into his lap. “It’s actually an amusing tale! When we were children, Loki succeeded in destroying a rare plant our mother needed for a potion, so she turned him into a goat.”
“Yay or nay on the lazy handjob and wet kisses everywhere I can reach?”
An official seemed to make a move to escort him off stage but Steve was too deep. So he glared at him and went on. “The Maria Stark Foundation had partnered up with the government and supposedly non-politically backed NGOs to ensure the reduction in domestic violence, as well as to ensure safe spaces for victims. Levels of illiteracy. Percentage of teenage mothers. I was brought up Catholic but I will always stand by the separation of church and state. This grand meal we were offered – statistically how many children go to bed hungry? This is not about back home being better, this is about right here right now being bad. The entire world stood by you and supported a smooth transition from the old regime to a new, humane one. You have been shepherded as gently as possible to avoid a vacuum power and help rebuild. You have done none of the things you promised. This ends now.”
?” he interrupted with a slight shril in his voice.
“Thanks, doc! You about ready to go?” he asked Steve.
“You know, there is an underlying quality to me. One you all seem to dismiss, and if I’m honest it’s a bit hurtful.”
“We’ll wait for you,” Darcy shouted from the kitchen where she and Bruce were putting together a snack.
Tony laughed. “He has that effect on people, don’t worry.”
“Backwards o’clock?” Natasha answered as she joined them. She quickly scanned the cabinet before bursting into laughter. “Pietro and Wanda are gonna lose their shit,” she said and took a photo of the whole thing.
“Why do you insist on annoying me so much?” He ignored what sounded like “pigtails” from the other room.
Darcy:
“No, I mean, is he okay?”
Tony:
Tony pulled him into his body, shuffling towards the edge of the table to rub his feet on Steve’s damp thighs. “God, how?”
“Are you lying, darling?”
“I want to come! I want to – Tony, please!” Steve was half sobbing now, moaning on every pull of the beads, every catch on the rim felt like time was heavier and slower, and Steve was suspended in that almost there place.
Steve snorted. “That’s elaborate.”
“Doing what?”
“I’ll turn it for you, Clint,” he said and walked up to the tree. “That should get me in the mood.”
Tony looked at him. “No peeking!”
Bucky snorted. “I know Steve looks innocent, but between watching me work and coming back some sort of demigod, he’s nothing of the sort.”
“No! No, don’t worry. I wanna see the magic,” Steve added, trying to fix coming across as too keen. Because he was. The only thing that could be more comforting than wearing Tony’s top, especially after he’d worn it for a bit and it smelled like him - and Steve could swear he was not a creep, he really wasn’t, the man just made his heart’s knees weak - would be draping the man himself over his chest and hold him for a while. And even that had the potential to be not-comforting, given how much tension Steve would be feeling and how much it would affect him. He finally put it on, and sighed in relief, part of his anxiety settling down finally.
“Aww, darling. Was that Barnes on the phone?”
“Didn’t even see you there, I was a bit focused on Tasha,” Steve threw at him.
He groaned loudly. “You know I hate the stuff, it’s vile!”
Steve could smell the alcohol on his breath, he was that close. It was a poignant smell, almost of medicine, mixed with something sweet, perhaps raspberry? “Yeah, they thought that might be too obvious and you’d catch on. Your father came up to me -”
“Tony, I’m so close – please, I need to – you’re perfect, you’re driving me insane. Oh, God, I’m gonna come,” Steve said, starting to pull back.
He thanked the people for their help, both professionals and the volunteers. They seemed lost for words at first, then shook his hand and thanked him in return. Some of them asked for photos and he indulged them because they were polite and they shared the same dirt and soot and superficial wounds.
“What?”
Steve propped himself up. “Tony, what brought this on? Don’t get me wrong, I’m all for being told… whatever it is you wanna tell me, but I don’t expect anything from you.” He sighed. “That came out wrong, I mean I don’t want you to be uncomfortable and —“
“Johnny, is it?” Steve asks testily.
“No!”
“You were listening, huh?” Steve sighed.
“Hi, miss Romanoff,” the camera man said quietly.
Tony smiled. “Stop being an old man. I hate the attention this is getting. As if the lunch today wasn’t enough,” he said with a sigh.
Thank you for sticking with me and this series <3
Also, this is not Yank-wanked (how fucking funny is this term, oh my god) - I forget to spell words the American way like 90% of the time, so excuse words that look odd.
“Actually really hurt, not gonna lie.”
Tony:
“Steve, what train?” Bucky turned his face this way and that way, checking for something. “Are you poisoned?” He paused, looked around. “Are you cursed?”
GDP could consciously feed them
Slowly, Steve’s breathing came back to normal. He pulled up, the cooling sweat on his back making him shiver. He realised he was topless and disgusting in Tony’s lab. “Tony? Oh, no! Nonononono,” he babbled and made to get up.
They were left with the dilemma of how to get it back, and for the first time, Steve could see his plan was perhaps ill-conceived. It would take entirely too much time, and lugging it around through the masses of tourists and shoppers alike would be hell. Bruce half-jokingly offered to commandeer a van in the name of the law, wearing the least plausible law-enforcement expression Steve had ever seen.
Tony:
Steve half-hugged himself both in protection from the outside world, and because the rush of affection was ever-present whenever Tony’s voice was involved. “Yes?”
“Oh, god,” Steve moaned deeply, forcing his hips to stay still. “Medical reasons, most likely. Why does it even matter?” he asked, unable to shake the embarrassment.
touching Steve’s cock. They were chest to chest, eyes focused on each other. “Give it to me,” he told Steve. The click of the swivel hook was loud in the quiet room, it felt definitive and
The group scrambled towards the door, and after they were all gone, Steve heard the unmistakable sound of the lock twisting.
Tony clasped his shoulder briefly in what Steve was adamant was a great gesture of affection and regardless of the truth, he would cherish it as such. “Coffee, Cap. Lots and lots of coffee.”
“You asking me?”
“Out. Get out!” he shouted, unable to control himself any longer.
gonna get mad in approximately four seconds if you don’t button that shirt up properly so I can do your bowtie,” she said and pulled him up from the sofa. “Who’s next?” she shouted looking around the room. There was a murmur of agreement, and rustling noises as people hurried to get everything done.
He was wearing a Captain America shield t-shirt, an older version of the merchandise - the colour had faded a bit, the fabric had become off-white - that emphasised the way the muscles on his upper arms were almost bulging; Steve wanted to lick them.
“You know what? I’m too affected to even care you mentioned him. Wow, didn’t think that would ever happen. C’mere.”
record.) When he was young, he watched people get on them and never return. He dropped Bucky from one. He watched helplessly as the one he was on sped wildly through Seoul. So the first time he realised he was attracted to Tony Stark, it felt like he turned his head and all of a sudden he was standing on the railway and headlights were closing in on him, there was no time to move aside, and his breath was stolen from his lungs.
“Don’t let Buzzfeed in on this, I’ll have to unsubscribe.”
“Shouldn’t you be entertaining people?”
Tony nodded, then shrugged. “It’s okay, I just figured you didn’t get me anything.”
Steve could have kissed her.
“What did I tell you about using God in my bed?”
“We’re doing nothing of the sort,” he said in what he hoped was a confident voice. “Peter, if you’re gonna… uhm, learn new things, don’t share them with Tony. Just like the rest of us don’t,” he added without thinking.
Even the man’s panting as he tried to catch his breath was attractive. “Oh, I’m gonna plug you one day and keep you like that. Take you in the lab with me to help me move some heavy equipment I made sure I left everywhere. And I’ll watch you bend over time and again and twitch whenever the plug moves inside you.”
Steve nodded once more. “Is this part of your plan?”
Natasha opened the door fully, blinding both of them. She knocked only after that, mostly mockingly. “Fuck’s sake, it sounds like a threesome. We don’t mean it like a threesome, Steve.”
“Quoting famous movies and pretending it’s an accident!”
“Come on,” Tony said, packing the album back in its box and heading towards the door. “The kids will leave soon and I wanna say goodbye. Pepper’s got gifts for them, as well.”
The sofa was definitely not big enough for both of them to enjoy their post-coital bliss side by side. Steve didn’t mind, though, he would have gladly forced his muscles to support him forever if it meant looking at Tony’s flushed face, at his contented smile, and the way his eyes seemed unable to focus on anything other than Steve no matter how much they fluttered shut every now and then.
“Finally!” Tony got up and started towards the elevator.
“Corny, horny, get with the program Stevie, come on! You’d think you were still a blushing virgin with how clueless you are,” Bucky laughs at Steve, and several others join in.
“So this train metaphor is for –”
He would never admit to anyone, especially to Tony, but they had all been right. It was complete madness. And the snow definitely didn’t help. Steve gritted his teeth, pulled the woolen hat lower on his forehead and opened their way with his larger frame. Behind him, Darcy was pulling Bruce by the hand, laughing at something. Steve absolutely refused to feel like a third wheel.
Tony mouth moved lower on his neck; he licked the dimple at the base, then continued downwards, flicking his tongue on every droplet he found. Steve could feel himself getting hard and the towel was not going to do much. He had no inclination to stop Tony, not when his hands were so hot as they roamed on his body. Steve braced himself on the table and caught his lips in a kiss.
“Tony…”
“Oh, definitely! The biggest fan.” He moved Steve’s hand to replace it with his own. Steve found he was unable to hold himself up any longer, so he rested on the back of the sofa, palm still rubbing Tony’s dick through his boxers. “Come on, darling, take them off,” Tony encouraged.
“We can take Bennu with us.”
It took weeks to be able to put together the photo album that Tony was currently caressing, apparently afraid of opening. Steve had talked to Peggy and Peggy had directed him to some other old SHIELD members, who then pointed out archives for him. Then he had to physically spend time sifting through papers and reports, then to make more phone calls and pull rank in order to get copies of the photos. A couple he actually stole because there was a limit to his patience, and rude people were not a helping factor.
“Got any ideas how to call it back into right here right now? Cause I could use some sleep,” Steve said with a frown.
“Tony, no!”
“Perfectly relaxed, eh?” The leer is unexpected in Black Panther’s normally serious voice.
Tony’s happy his face is hidden when he watches Steve fight his way to Vision and Thor. He almost flies the same way, ready to throw himself at anything that can endanger Steve. He actually starts towards the corner Steve turns, but the next thing he knows he’s thrown backwards into a wall. He blasts the Doombots surrounding Black Panther and Bucky almost methodically, buying them time to regroup.
“That’s because you keep skipping your damn training and I get bored of looking for you,” Natasha said casually. “I’m keeping track, by the way. You owe me twelve miles and four kickboxing sessions.” Darcy just grabbed the closest vodka bottle and started chugging. “And a hundred and fifty push-ups,” the redhead continued unfazed.
“No,” Steve replied. “You know I haven’t.”
“You ready to rock and roll?” Tony asks with a little shoulder wiggle.
“Your feet,” Steve said. When Tony lifted his chin to meet his eyes, he shrugged once more. “What, you have cute toes. They wiggle when you’re excited.”
“I think I’ll keep them,” he told them with a smile. “I wouldn’t want Sam to be offended.”
Warm water was amazing; Steve wanted to hide in the shower forever. For multiple reasons, including, but not limited to the water not being frozen (always a great one), the water soothing his muscles, the water helping him get clean, the water helping him buy time before he would have to face people again.
“Why don’t I sort it out with Pepper and you go see your mom for New Year’s Eve? I’ll just fly myself back to the gala,” Steve said.
“Why would you call him at all?” Steve mutters, shield-bashing the attackers relentlessly.
“Nooo,” she said again.
The drumstick went on a plate, and it was out of Steve’s hands how they were all going to fight over who wants what. He kept going, piling up slices of almost-evenly-carved meat on a large platter. He was about to sit back down when he remembered. He picked the fork up again and poked through the skin on the remaining breast, then pulled slightly.
Tony smiled at him fondly, playing with the hair at the back of his head. “Can I be bothered to change?”
So he was stuck in the Tower. He dared go for a run once, and almost had to call evac because the swarm of people trying to talk to him was restless. He outran them and spent the rest of the day in the gym, fucking up hardened punching bags. He was not soothed by New York and he couldn’t move to the Compound where it would be too quiet, but at least he could work around his issues.
“Hey, Clint! Hey, hey Clint!”
Tony laughed. “Steve, I get jealous when teenage girls on the internet say you’re cute.” He kissed him again. “And the fight. I thought – the idea that I could be losing you – Rhodey had to get me shitfaced and put me to bed, I would not shut up about it.”
Steve scoffed. “You know my acclimatisation was rushed and I don’t have the time to watch as much as I want,” he said as he crossed his arms.
“On my birthday!” Steve adds, petulance seeping out when he speaks.
Natasha stepped forward and knelt by the end of the coffee table. She looked up at Tony with a smirk. “Well, it
He brought her hand up for a light kiss. “You look marvellous as always,” he said. “Now let me have a look.”
Steve sighed, resting his forehead on Tony’s collarbone. “Have I not been waiting enough?”
“So let me get this straight. We went from not even mentioning Tony’s birthday to having a week-long event?”
It starts off okay. In hindsight, he wishes for some clairvoyance powers so he knows when to stay the fuck at home, in bed, ideally draped across Steve, and away from anything that threatens his new-found happiness.
He’d been pathetic. But more than that, he had been pathetic in front of Tony, who was so gracious in how he handled a hysterical Steve unable to tell right from left. And Tony was easily the one person he did not want to be weak and needy in front of. By comparison, his public humiliation had been a piece of cake. This was personal, now deeply-rooted mortification of a whole new level. What had compelled him to lose his shit like that in front of the man he was in love with, he had no idea, but it had been done, and now he had to live with it for the rest of his days. He contemplated disappearing, but quickly gave up that plan when he realised there was no place he could really hide from Tony or SHIELD or Bucky or any of them, really. He was well and truly fucked.
“Perfect.” He handed him a bottle of water. “Please drink. You do whatever you want to do, darling. But you can’t come, okay? Not until I tell you.”
“As if I could think of anything else but your naked body now that I’ve seen it.” He licked along the line of his pecs, carefully avoiding Steve’s nipple. “So, darling,” he said, finally biting the nipple lightly and smirking around it as Steve moaned, “are you going to tell me?”
Steve grinned. “Yeah, yeah it was. Also, maybe I wanted to stay here and be a benevolent ruler with my amazing-slash-sometimes-horrible-yet-somehow-still-amazing friends.”
Even through lust-clouded brain, Steve’s heart soared at the tender voice Tony used. Steve had seen what coercion looked like, he had been subjected to it before. But this felt like genuine concern, like Steve being comfortable was important to Tony. He could have cried with the implications. “Yeah,” he whispered. “Please.”
“I will if you don’t stop being one,” Steve said, reenacting a conversation they had almost daily since he could remember being friends. When they were not presumed dead.
“What, better than the Audi?”
Natasha patted his head gently. “You don’t worry about this now,” she told him slowly.
“The big baby boss is in the kitchen, Captain Rogers,” she replied in a clipped tone.
So Steve did. It couldn’t have been that long since he’d last pressed his lips to Tony’s, but in hindsight, it felt like an eternity. Once he’d been given this, once his heart settled in his chest as he finally got to touch and hold the man he was in love with, it was incomprehensible that he would ever have to give it up. He pushed the intrusive thought away.
“Yes, please. Can I – uhm.”
“I know you’re not a fan. I really wanted us to have a kind-of-family thing just to make some nice memories, you know?” Tony nodded. “Thanks for making the tree spin, Clint is ecstatic.”
Tony laughed. “I mean, you’re welcome to try, but unlike
“You okay?”
Bruce sighed and walked around the bar. He rubbed his face with both his hands and pulled Darcy in a hug. “I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anything.”
Tony was standing right there. The sun was shining partly on his face and partly from behind him, making it seem like he had a halo. He was smiling at Steve, that wide, close-mouthed grin he seemed to have reserved for Steve and coffee.
Steve’s face went blank of any emotion. In hindsight, it was probably not the best course of action, but he was unable to do anything else. If he turned, the reporters would surely photograph his expression. He stayed the same way, back to them, so Tony picked up on it.
To say the living room was in chaos was the understatement of the year. Despite their normally good cooperation skills, his teammates were completely lost when it came to uprighting a tree. Natasha was standing on the coffee table, her thumb up in front of her. She was barking orders to Thor and Bucky who were doing their best to place it exactly where she wanted.
“I’ve been racking my brains to come up with something since you called us!” Tony’s closing in on frantic territory mind-wise, and he’d rather avoid that if he can. “Otherwise we’ll just run out of energy and Doom will probably cream himself in that ugly cape of his.”
Steve wasn't sure if it counted as a birthday present, but seeing and having Tony like that was an experience in itself.
He felt the cold as his trousers disappeared. It wasn’t his favourite feeling in the world, the cold, but it was soon abated when a hand came to rest on his knee. It moved up on his thigh, scratching lightly. It stopped at his left hip, rubbing at the bone.
“God, please! I thought you’d never ask,” Tony breathed out, pulling Steve towards their bedroom. It was so easy, such a casual thing to sit and watch Tony pull his shirt off and rummage for a tee instead.
“Then why won’t you touch me?”
“I couldn’t help,” Steve whispered. “I couldn’t do anything, and the heat was horrible and –” He paused to breathe in, trying his hardest to regulate his heartbeat. “And the cold has been getting to me again,” he continued, realising only a second too late what he’d done.
“You’re my favourite superhero ever!” Mrs Williams said as she hugged him tightly.
“Dare?” Tony answered uncertainly.
“Darling. I know when you’re about to come, I know how to get you there. I wanted it,” he reassured.
“Bucky saw you wearing nothing but that bathrobe?” Steve’s jealousy spiked for a second.
“Want me to stare at you longingly?” Steve offered, only half-joking.
Tony allowed the slight change of subject. “He said that I should make sure you know I’m actually into you. That you seemed worried. Oh, and to tell me that if I hurt you he would dismember me and my bots,” he replied casually.
“We’ll buy a farm, grow veggies and flowers.”
Tony’s laugh flows out of him unexpectedly, it fills his chest with contentedness.
“Which one?”
“Yes!” He was blushing hard, he could feel it now, but even so, he was so
“It’s not that, I trust you with my life, Steve. But… No one has touched my like this in years. I may be a bit overwhelmed,” he admitted sheepishly.
Tony pushed in a trolley full of paper bags around the time they were considering stopping and leaving room for their absent team and friends to add to the tree. “Dinner!” he shouted, and everyone rallied around him. “Look at me provide for my family,” he said to all of them, clapping a couple of times in an usual display of self-congratulation.
“Captain, I can –”
Steve and Natasha both answered “no” at the same time, not even looking at Tony, with the casual air only people used to antagonise their teammates could have.
“Like I got stared at by the entire world, you?”
“Okay. I love you. Thank you.” He couldn’t help his smile.
“Friday, I’ve got another two AIs I can boot instead of you.”
Steve snorted. “Oh my god, you can’t just ask someone if what they say is a euphemism.”
“What did you use, a butter knife?” he asked.
“Damn, was so looking forward to passing laws that say if you’re annoying you have to be silent for three days before you’re allowed to speak again,” he said, pointedly looking at Tony.
“Yes?” His eyebrow lifted in challenge.
Tony sweeps down, opening a panel on his suit to retrieve a new comm. “Fairy squadmother!” he proclaims in a sing-song voice.
Steve had no idea what the two of them were, but he knew it was definitely good when the young woman in front of him leaned over to kiss Bruce’s cheek and half-whisper, “Yeah, he knows I’ll
Steve smiled. “And here I thought you don’t remember our conversations.”
“This…” Steve waved his hands chaotically. “This thing where you just get a boost of energy out of nowhere.”
“Wait, let me get this straight. We went from not even mentioning Tony’s birthday to having a week-long event?”
Steve was on his feet immediately, starting towards the door just as it opened. Tony walked in holding a Stark pad, swiping left and right. “Calm down, Captain Nurse, he’s currently in surgery.” He stopped and looked around the room. “Tinder, not as fun as Pepper made it sound.” At Steve’s irritated arm-folding, he sighed. “Even if we all rush and stare through a window right now, there’s nothing we can do to help.”
. No, seriously. His life was a joke. He gave up completely and just let his head fall forward on his forearms. The metal on his back made it clear who it was that came to comfort or confront him – he had no idea.
it through his drunken haze: physical sensations mimicking the agony that churned inside him.
“It’s funner that way”, Tony winked and that
Steve tensed for a moment, then moved his head away to peer down at him, brows furrowed; his baby blues seemingly liquid in the low light. When Tony just grinned sheepishly and shrugged Steve’s features relaxed and he gripped Tony’s chin with his thumb and index finger, nuzzling his cheek and yeah this was quickly racing up to the top on Tony’s Best Things Ever- list, right above coffee and Black Sabbath's greatest hits.
Oh, good, so Darcy was still awake then.
or the second,
laugh. Tony did an internal victory dance. This was turning out to be a
“Your charms, huh?”
“Fun. The word you’re looking for is
The first notes of Dusty Springfield’s
The vision of Bucky in his military uniform appeared before his mind’s eye: ‘
and Steve was just completely, overwhelmingly adorable. He was so different from how he usually was: the tense, disciplined alwayslookingoutforeverybodyelse Captain America. Now he seemed more like the boy Tony had seen photographs of, the boy Steve used to be before they jacked him up on Super soldier juice. He looked slightly embarrassed but happy and loose, almost relaxed; and the tears had started to dry. Victory.
“Finally!”
“I still can’t dance.”
. But Steve was smiling, and laughing and lookingyt   soft and happy and Tony’s heart swelled at the sight.
“Ugh, I
to the surface, but that’s not what it felt like to Steve. Instead they shot from his subconscious like a malicious fireball, wrecking everything on its way to the forefront of Steve’s consciousness. Memories, images of places and feelings long gone surged into his thoughts, blinding him to anything else. Image after image.
“Alright, dear. I’m on it.”
had Steve laughing; a real unrestrained laugh accompanied by a wet but genuine smile and if
People like to say that memories come
good day, and Tony busied his mind with locking away mental image after image of Steve smiling, Steve laughing, Steve looking at him with something soft in his eyes.
Tony tried an easy and slow mash between a modern jive and something of a waltz, sticking to basic moves and made sure to keep it as stupid and goofy as possible; and Steve, ever the elegant super-human, was infuriatingly quick to catch on, following Tony’s lead in an upsettingly graceful manner. He still had a few tears on his face and the embarrassed smiles altered with choked of sobs and tiny hiccups.
Tony removed the rest of his tools and darted out of the workshop.
Tony dove forward to twirl him again.
Steve surprised them both by tipping his head back and barking out a laugh, tearing away from Tony a bit to wipe at his eyes. Huh,
“Tony, what-”
“You’re ridiculous.”
“There he is”, he grinned “come on, Cap. Let’s show em how it’s done.”
He pulled Steve up by his arm, which honestly he would
Okay, so maybe he was a bit more drunk than he had previously thought.
“You know, even though this is
.” she raised her right eyebrow meaningfully.
Tony made a choked off trilling noise in the back of his throat because
“Oh, I
“FUN”, Tony enunciated every sound of the word like he was talking to a toddler “fun is the word you’re looking for.”
Steve hummed in response, angling his head
Yeah, Steve-smiles was quickly becoming his favourite thing.
“Come on, Rogers! Shake it!”, Darcy exclaimed, then followed with a whoop and a drunken cackle.
the pain shooting straight through Steve’s heart so hard he had to clutch a pillow to his chest, almost bending over double on the couch. All he could see was those eyes, those kind bright eyes that he would never see again. He felt plagued by the image of the Winter soldier glaring at him on the bridge; the monster wearing his best friend’s face. It was Bucky, except for the hair and the clothes everything about his appearance was Bucky— except for the eyes. Hydra had robbed him of his aquamarine kindness and left him with nothing but silver.
this song” Darcy groaned happily.
“You stopped and smiled at me and asked if I cared to da-a-ance, I fell into your open aaarms,” Tony sang with the words and turned to jokingly fall against Steve’s arms looking up at him, “and I didn't stand a chance!”
“Knew I could force a smile out of ya, nobody stands a chance against my charms.
“Then I guess I’ll just have to do more of it.” he murmured against Tony’s skin. And then finally, blissfully, he tightened the grip on Tony’s chin and brought his lips up to meet his own.
He rummaged through the music, until he found what he was looking for, silently thanking the few beers still in his system because there was no way he'd be comfortable enough doing this sober. Cap was too proud to talk, had always been. So Dusty it was.
Steve huffed
Steve looked up at that and almost allowed himself a small chuckle at the twinkling in Tony’s eyes.
“Tony, I don’t think—”
“I’m serious, I mean the song is a bit after your time but it’s still pretty damn old.. I mean relatively.. should be right up your alley,” Tony grinned at him “and you need a dance, that much is obvious.”
wasn’t the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen..
. The sight physically hurt. Blue blue eyes staring empty and vacant in front of him and tendrils of tears running down slightly pink cheeks, only interrupted by the occasional sob.
“Ridiculous”, Steves chuckled, exasperated but fond.
“The alien liquid mr. Odinsson brought seem to combat the Captain’s enhanced metabolism, keeping him intoxicated, but his alcohol levels appear to be under the level of concern. However his blood pressure as well as his pulse are currently spiking and he is showing alarming symptoms of distress and—”
If he allowed himself to melt a bit against Steve nobody had to know.
wrought a smile and a small huff of laugh from Steve.
Adorable.
Steve’s laugh was quickly turning addictive and Tony felt obligated to keep the Captain laughing because yes, more of that, always more of that. He grabbed his hands and worked their arms back and forth in beat with the trumpets going
Thor laughed and Bennu headbutted him gently before bleating loudly. “She says thank you; the kids used to read stories to her when she was younger and she learned a lot of new things.”
She nodded in understanding. “This is between the two of you, and I’m sure whatever it is you think you’ve done wasn’t intentional. He’ll be here tomorrow, you can talk to him then,” she said and hugged him briefly before she left.
, that he wants to bend
“At Chloe,” he replied, pulling his leg away from the man.
“Nat…”
He moved his hand to grip Tony’s cock, then moved lower so he could lick the tiny beads of sweat forming on the side of his neck. When Tony moaned, it came out hoarse, evidence of how much effort had gone into giving Steve pleasure. He managed to rationalise it enough to be able to focus on the task at hand.
In the midst of the apocalypse that had taken hold of his mind, there’s a treacherous flutter of a silver lining he can’t shut away. He knows cruelty intimately, he’d witnessed it and experienced it, and it had altered the course of his life. But even so, Bucky wouldn’t be so cruel as to lie to him about Steve. Not cruel, but definitely hindering Tony.
“Let then take a look. Please.”
Steve managed a nod. He looked around slowly. Nothing was burning. “Tony?” he asked again.
Moderately appeased, Steve allowed Tony to have an open-mouthed kiss, which he knew was not nearly enough. “I think you can do better than that. Why don’t you tell me what you need?” He closed his lips over the head, pulling backwards to give Tony a show.
Tony laughed. “What, you’d report me for lewd behaviour? You have a ridiculous physique and a small golden-lab-who’s-been-kicked-out face. How is that inappropriate? Or flirting? Or middle of battle, you’re not even moving - Steve duck!”
On one hand, Steve wanted nothing more than to have a nest like that of his one. On the other hand, he was now left unprotected, his dick still half hard in his pyjama bottoms. He allowed Tony to pull him to his feet, and turned to walk to the bathroom.
“We’re throwing Tasha a party, tell your friends.”
“Yep, definitely. I mean, I don’t know what kind of eating you had in mind, but still yep.”
the whole thing. They published it, of course. He never sent the second letter, choosing to write it, delete it, and watch reruns of How It’s Made until morning, when he cooked breakfast for everyone and forced himself to smile and pretend everything was okay.
“Yeah?” He sipped his wine. “How do you want me, darling?”
The god damn fucking train hit him again, because Tony was so attractive it hurt. It actually physically hurt Steve how beautiful, how tender and loving this man was. And how utterly and disgustingly in love with him he was. Steve let himself sink to the ground, trying to catch his breath.
“Okay, did I do anything to upset you? Is it the t-shirt? It’s a really comfy t-shirt, you know, and I figured it’s your birthday and all and –”
“Okay, maybe not all night, but I devoted a solid eight minutes before I passed out.”
“All of my friends live here, Clint.”
Natasha smiled. “I remember when Christmas didn’t exist. They moved it to the 1st of January. In the… in the Red Room we knew there was a celebration on the 7th and we knew what it was, but we were never allowed. It was just another day.”
Very unbeta-ed. Unbetaed? Unbeta'ed? Very much still awkward.
Steve froze. It was the same voice, the same word, the same happy tone. Again, it was surreal, and panic surged through his body. There was no way Tony could have known about that, but there was no way a lot of things, and here he was, in the future and a superhero. He shook himself and sat up, letting the duvet pool in his lap.
“You know you could have ordered all the decorations and everything on Amazon, right? I mean we do have Prime and just saying, you could have if you wanted.”
They didn’t have an answer for him, and his stomach twisted painfully. They were trying to establish what had happened in their ear pieces, fast talk that Steve recognised as urgent despite the language barrier. In the distance, he could see a massive smoke column. People who had been running away from the deflagration finally reached them. He rushed forward to see if he could help anyone.
He picked up the fork, feeling very self conscious about how slow he perceived his movement. Maybe they had drunk enough not to notice the slight tremor in his fingers. Steve bashed people’s heads in with his shield. This was ridiculous. He went for one of the legs, trying to position the knife as well as possible. The small shriek when a manicured hand shot out and slapped the turkey’s breast absolutely
“I don’t trust you won’t go back to sleep. Natasha made me sit here until you’re in the shower.”
Steve shrugged from his increasingly slouching position. “I missed the sixties,” he said simply.
“I can go all night.”
Steve groans. “When exactly did I lose all my authority? Don’t answer that. Tony?”
Darcy pulled a hat over her ears and wrapped herself in a purple scarf. “Now if you’re done throwing a tantrum, we’re going out to buy shit for Christmas.” Bruce helped her into her coat.
Steve clenched his free hand into a tight fist; he started pulling the other one away. “Okay, thanks but –”
“You kiss Tony with that mouth?” Clint asks, laughing weakly.
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do. John Oliver ran a segment on you as well.”
Darcy:
His shoulders almost hurt with the tension, and his lower back tingled mercilessly with the unwanted arousal. Yet another cruel aspect of his life, because everyone dying while he was frozen wasn’t enough. Then he thought of Tony rolling his eyes while Steve’s large hand covered his neck, and that was that. With a heavy sigh, thinking it was a bad idea, and it would create a very annoying and persistent precedent, he shoved his hand in his boxers as quickly as he could. He didn’t need to make a spectacle of touching himself, it wasn’t his finest moment, and he didn’t want a visual reminder of it. It was over mercifully quick, and the feeling of shame wasn’t the one he remembered from his teen years, the one drilled in his mind by the church. It was a different kind of shame - Steve felt weak and powerless, and as he spent more time in this fucking mess of a situation (and that did not include the come all over his hand), he felt more like pre-serum and less like Captain America, righteous hero to the defenseless. Steve was a joke, a sham.
The man held Bennu up next to his face. “Look at us together, how can you break us apart like that?”
Tony grabbed his hair and pulled towards him. Steve went without any opposition, more than happy to let Tony move him around however he wanted. He felt the man’s naked torso as he leaned back, sliding even lower on Tony’s fingers. He lifted his hips, slamming down on them again and again.
Fury snorted in his glass. “I’m wondering who Clint used for the mould.”
Tony was busy kissing his jaw. “Hmm?”
“It’s styled with the tears of gods,” Tony joked as he went to pour himself a cup of coffee.
a bad thing?
Steve speaks at the same time. “Wanda, come in!” Then he turns to Tony as much as he can, smiling sweetly. “Sorry, I didn’t –”
Tony looked up from between his legs, with his cheeks flushed and his lips glistening with spit. “Are you about to get possessive?” he asked breathlessly.
Steve could feel it starting in his toes, like a devastating wave of pleasure, gathering momentum as it travelled up through his body. He kissed Tony hard as he came, moaning into his mouth. The man joined him, tongue relentless as it moved with Steve’s. It was easily one the greatest moments Steve had ever experienced. He doubted anything could compare with the high of coming together with a person you loved.
He was cut off by the unexpected moan he let out as Steve ground back hard. He was painfully hard, even if he had marginally more room in his pants than Tony. He lifted himself off the man, hovering slightly above him.
. He managed to pull himself together when the man reached him and getting him to safety took priority. Steve should have been turned off by the smell and the reckless behaviour and everything, really. But this was Tony and Steve was weak for Tony.
“You should be more careful,” he said.
Steve pocketed his phone, determined to find a suitable tree. And to ignore the question about how Tony knew where they were. Tony could find out everything if he wanted. It would surprise literally no one if he had microscopic tracking devices hidden on all of them. His phone went off again, and Steve nearly facepalmed. All phones had GPS. All phones were Stark issued. Steve had half a thought to hurl it in the snow and confuse the hell out of Tony. It went off again, and then again. Behind him, Bruce and Darcy were dealing with the same problem. The cacophony of sounds was unbearable.
The man was decadent; one leg bent at the knee, his strong thighs flexed to support his position, the t-shirt riding up a bit to show tantalising skin. Steve really couldn’t be blamed for pushing the trousers down to his knees and cupping his half-hard cock through his boxers. He forced himself to focus, shimmying enough to make the fabric fall to his ankles before toeing his shoes off and stepping out of the trousers.
But Barnes is dragging him and he finds himself go. He feels strong gusts of wind on his face, and he tries to cover his eyes. There’s a thought he could just hold the palm to his eyes, fire a whole through his head where Obie is howling gleefully.
“Okay, rude?”
“Okay, is he doing it on purpose?” she asked Tony.
“What?” she asked.
“What? Yes. What?” Tony paused briefly. “Listen Captain Technology, who told you about Adblock in the first place?”
“More,” Steve whined. “Just – more, and I –”
“And what have we here?” He knew the voice brutally well. “Steve, you should have said something, sweetheart!”
“What about God?”
“What year is it?” Tony whispered.
“Come on, darling. Just stand up for me.”
Also, can your poor hard dick forgive me?” He placed a kiss on Steve’s half-hard cock as he moved to get up. “I was thinking bathroom break, coffee, water, energy bar. I have plans for you,” he said as he got up.
“Enough! Come on, help me out here,” Steve whined. He was also certain Nat had been about to out him and his ginormous crush to Tony. “Do I need to know who Margaret is?” Would he want to? Because it was Tony who mentioned her and his poor heart couldn’t take it.
him. They’d come back from bad fights, if this was a delicate situation, they’d navigate it. But Tony was kissing him back, moving his lips fervently over Steve’s, hands up to hold the back of his neck, and Steve’s heart was singing.
Peter tried to be as respectful as possible when he spoke. “Is Loki the –?”
“Well, there was that exhibit I recommended. And I save her dinner every now and then.” Bruce sighed again. “I put away all the mugs in the labs so she doesn’t have to.” There was a long pause before the scientist spoke again. For a while, Steve thought he’d fallen asleep. “Oh, I also named a star after her. I mean she’s never going to know, but it’s just one of those things –"
He laughed and gave up trying to dissuade her. He’d just have to find a way out of this one as always. “You’d think there were no more people I can say no to,” he said jokingly.
“I swear to god, if we have a code green I’m getting the largest electromagnet in the tri-state area and I’m hanging him in Times Square,” Tony told them.
For the most part, they seemed to be okay, just shaken by whatever it was that happened. A group of teenagers stopped and explained something to him, but he couldn’t understand. He was about to get Natasha’s attention when one of the kids said “Iron Man” pointing towards the growing fire, and Steve bit the inside of his cheek.
Tony was a soft top, he realised.
Steve sighed. He couldn’t even remember if he’d apologised before, but once more couldn’t hurt. “I’m sorry, Tony, I didn’t mean to be so —“
People were polite; they waved and cheered, but gave them their space to roam freely. Tony was calm and collected, as Tony usually appeared to be regardless of what was happening. Steve was convinced it was coping mechanism after coping mechanism, and he wished he could emulate it. Because his mind was
“Oh, good god. Steve, darling you don’t —“
Steve sighed. “I wish it was five hours later and I was reading about hippos.”
He could have asked anything of him, all Steve wanted was for Tony to keep fucking him. He rolled over, groaning when his dick got trapped between his stomach and the bed. He thrusted into the sheets, unable to stop himself from searching the friction. He felt Tony’s hand descend on his buttcheek - mostly playfully, no real pain, but Steve almost came from that alone. “Don’t make me follow through on that over-the-knee promise.”
“That’s it, you got this,” Bucky said again. “You okay?” he asked when Steve’s breathing calmed down a bit.
“I meant
“Don’t let them see us,” he whispered loudly enough for everyone to hear him.
“Oh. Uhm, okay?” He couldn’t help but think of the string of conquests the media claimed Tony had. How many of them were blonde and pretty.
“Oh, Steve!” This time he did for his cock, grabbing it through his jeans. Steve could make out the rough outline of his erection, highlighted by the way Tony pulled at the fabric with his movement.
you in my bed?”
I got nothing, not really. It took me over a year to get this out, not even because I've had writer's block or something, I'm just shit tbh. Like, my depression makes me not write so I don't and I just put it off every day and next thing I know it's October 2018 and I've barely just finished the second half of this. If you're here for the first time, giving this a go or returning after you'd read the other parts, honestly thank you from the bottom of my heart.
“Sure. Or I could stay here and watch tv.”
“I love you too, darling. Take your time, I’ve got some water for you when you’re ready,” Tony told him.
He shrugged. “It was on the bedside table, I fidget so I took it.” He offered the pencil to Steve who took it gratefully.
“I’ll try get some sleep, see you in the morning for the rest of this shitshow,” he announced and dragged his luggage into an equally ornate bedroom, complete with four poster bed adorned with cupids and paintings of snowy peaks.
“Actually  –”
Bucky:
“Please,” he said and shut his eyes, trying to focus on the different voices coming from the tv instead of thinking about his disturbingly hot dream. His peace lasted for only a couple of minutes before a shadow fell on him. “What?”
On the one hand, the political leaders were showing willingness to adhere to regulations regarding corruption and public spending, on the other hand, they were proving investments by subsidiaries of Stark Industries and Maria Stark Foundation went where they were meant to. Pepper had been adamant about the development of domestic abuse shelters and creating support networks for children orphaned by the fighting and uprisings. Besides, they wanted to showcase the three Avengers to their people, who were wary of their ulterior motives. But the Avengers were a safe bet, especially these three, with their looks and technology and history. The people trusted them, and now they got to see them in person.
Steve looked down, then at Clint, then down at Bennu again. “Seriously?”
. You,” he pointed to Tony, “stop being stubborn, you know you - we - can’t take the goat. I’m sure there are laws against bringing animals in the US without having put them through customs or something.”
“Yes,” the gruff voice interrupts. They can hear the thunder rolling through the night sky, approaching them quickly. “Where’s Doom?” Thor shouts as heavy rain starts falling over burning area.
“I promise,” Tony told him.
Tony knew, as he always seemed to do. His finger joined his tongue, pressing lightly. Steve whined when he took it away. “Shh, be patient, darling.” Steve could hear the pump of the lube bottle and his pulse spiked. Tony’s finger returned, now covered in extra moisture. He pressed it in slowly, taking one of Steve’s testicles in his mouth again. Then he pushed the finger steadily, making Steve cry out when it was finally all the way in.
“Sometimes I think I’ve got you all figured out and then you say something and manage to surprise me.” The silence was less uncomfortable this time. He didn’t have a chance to say anything before Tony spoke again. “I’m not mad at you, I worry about you.”
“Hello?”
“Yes!” Tony moaned, covering Steve’s large hand with his, creating yet another point of contact.
“So strong and pretty,” she said, her speech slurred.
“Giving me a reason to scowl at you in silence for at least like seven minutes before giving in and kissing you! Shield up!” he instructs. As soon as Steve complies, Tony shoots at it, enjoying the efficiency of the reflected beam as it takes down several bots at once.
“Out. Now!” Tony repeated.
When he looked up, Tony’s eyes were misty. “Oh, no. I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have pushed for —“
“God fucking damn it,” Tony cursed. “Fuck, Steve, you’re so tight. You’re so – fuck.”
here for you, if you let me.”
“Not now Ben,” Reed’s voice came from the side.
He could feel himself being maneuvered and he knew instinctively to trust. The cold air felt amazing on his skin. He pulled at his tie, and gentle fingers helped him loosen it. He leaned on the railing, trying to inhale as deeply as possible.
He gets it. Gets it so much that his heart is fluttering out of control. He can't open his mouth to say it though. So he just nods, silent as he watches.
It’s not without it’s casualties though.
Thank you.
“You’re strange,” Steve grins.  “But thank you. I think I needed to hear some encouragement.”
the paintball grenades you will find on your desk tomorrow are not from me. the glitter is totally from me.
Hulk is ripping apart the swarm on him while Hawkeye explodes any that he can shoot.
Tony, by contrast tonight, has parts scattered all around him, half in and out of the box he had stored them in.  He has the copper board before him, running the acetone rag across the top.  The sheet he printed from Dad’s SI printer (“half the size of that old Xerox one!” Howard had boasted) sitting beside him.  With his kiddie scissors, he carefully cuts the designed circuit, and fits it on top of the board.  He places both on the towel pile beside him.  The iron that Ana had set out beside him is pressed to the paper.  The table bursts into laughter, and with a clatter of noise covers the hiss the iron makes as he presses.
Tony’s missed him so much it feels like his chest is going to cave in with the sudden reminder of how much the last little bit has hurt.  How much he knew he was breaking Steve’s heart, once he could see clearly.
They stay there until Clint wanders in and asks what the hell they are doing just sitting in the dark like idiots.
They had stood there in that silence, quiet and echoing between them.  The other guy had been right there in the back of his mind, unlike in the recent months.  Fighting for his attention.  He screams wordless things, emotions behind them almost enough to bowl Bruce down.  Bruce buckles under the weight of it for a moment, under the onslaught of devastating echo of loss that reverberates inside his head for a few moments.  There are memories that aren't his in the forefront.  Tony with the helmet off, grinning at him in the training room, joy of a good fight coursing though him.  The sheer adrenaline pumping through his system in the desperate scramble to catch Iron Man in Manhattan.  The red lifting from his vision in the middle of Johannesburg, people rushing away and screaming - but there is red and gold - Iron Man is there. Relief.
Tony are you okay?
Tony notes that mentally to look up later, when Steve goes into the work he talks around in a few days. “Oh,” he replies blandly, trying and failing to see MJ and Peter not attached at the hip.  He’s just used to the concept that those two crazy kids would always be together. It’s hard to imagine Peter limited to a chair, unable to do his crazy acrobatics - hanging from a ceiling or sticking to someone’s shoulder.
“It’s not for you,” Tony replies.
"Come home Steve," Tony urges, and Steve glances up at the camera again.
From 54985-466-8653
Natasha grins, “In the war criminal law, there is a line in the one hundred and eighty page document that would allow war criminals to be microchipped. It would be put in the brain to make sure no one would remove it. The technology used would be from Pym Technologies, which was made back after Janet Van Dyne went missing. Pym had a lot of ethically questionable inventions from that time frame.” Scott starts forward and reaches for a phone. “Oscorp bought the technology, and Norman Osbourn isn’t well known for his ethics and morals.”
Steve doesn't have time to respond, just rams the door, throwing it off it's hinges, taking two thirds of the welcoming crew down with it.  He throws the shield, and it when it goes wide against the third, the man preps to take a shot before the shield bounces off a wall and hits him in the back of the head.
"Underwater prison that Ross has the rest of Team Cap in."
A shot rings out again, and she deflects it downwards.  There is a moment before her eyes widen and she stops the bullet.  It limply drops, only viewable based on the red glow, to the ground a foot away from a mother and child, rushing away from the scene.  The mother doesn’t see it, but the child looking over her shoulder has wide eyes.
Tony sat in his mother's lap, a glass of milk to match theirs in the beginning. He always thought these were the best nights. The ones where all his family was in one room.
Tony sketches a note to take a look at the data coming back from the chip and if there is anything he and Fry missed in the initial account for output. Or if there is any data he's not taking into account from the chip itself. He knows he forgot about the pain inputs and monitoring that. He needs to keep an eye to make sure Rhodey isn't pushing himself too hard. Users family members, doctors and therapists would probably like that information as well, so he should definitely get that method in and stored...somewhere. Privacy settings too. Don't want to make the any one feel more helpless. He knows that feeling too well.
Spidey reaches out and grabs it behind him back. “Proximity.  And can you stop?” He snaps as he peers back at Tony, lenses small.
Stay safe
"I can find other accommodations if necessary Mr. Stark," Vision says in JARVIS' old voice, a perfect replica of Jarvis' posture when he was deferring to Howard.
Steve sits up and captures his lips in a slow, long kiss. “I don’t deserve you.”
follows him down into the darkness.
It takes a long time before Steve feels settled in his skin after that half conversation, but when he looks at Tony, he sees a peace that hasn’t been there in weeks.
Natasha nods, and everyone in the room, even T’Challa stills. “We have evidence of a work, if malfunctioning to the point of killing the subject after a few months prototype from 3 years ago. Who knows what level it’s at now, since it looks like Sitwell never killed the project when he infiltrated Oscorp.”
It wasn’t that Tony had eyes for anything else when they were in a room. And it wasn’t like he lacked Tony’s attention or loving touch, or sweet smile in the morning (or any other time, really). And it wasn’t like the sex was anything less than mindblowing. But Steve craved it always, so yeah, that was one of the layers of nerves. It came with a neediness that Steve still feared was off putting.
Nat picked up a voodoo doll of sorts and the woman hissed in her general direction. “Down,” she ordered quickly. Then she followed up with some Russian, and Nat chuckled before replying. She patted Steve’s shoulder and went to sit in the entrance, where Steve was sure she could still hear everything.
Natasha sighed. “Fuck’s sake, I hate when you’re right.”
“Friday, resume the song! Oh, where did I put it?”
into you.”
Bucky paused. “I’m not a fan either, buddy, but I don’t see them in the middle of a ballroom.”
It wasn’t him, but it was. He looked sinful, with his arched back and his cock jutting out as it was being pulled by the belt. “Oh,” was all he could say. The vain part of his brain he would never fully admit to crowed gleefully. He was beautiful, all for Tony.
“You want me wearing anything in particular?”
shatter in his fist. He was utterly speechless. And would you look at that, he
“No dirty talk in battle,” Steve tells him and even as voices join the channel, for two seconds Tony can only hear him.
“Sorted? Good. Get well soon.” He tapped Nat’s phone and ended the call. “Not cool, guys. He’s been hurt.”
“Yeah, I’ll come to you,” he said quietly.
“Don’t even try it, sweetheart, you know you’re the best,” he said.
“You.”
“Tony.” Steve’s voice was serious, he knew, but there was no accusation behind it. Tony forgot to eat and sleep and sit down, this was not new.
The first part of the ride was fine. They went over their schedule, discussed the politics in the Eastern European country they were going to over coffee, and caught up on the others’ missions over breakfast. They left Bruce a message to check on Clint when he woke up, and asked Wanda to update them on her mission in Argentina.
“Good memory,” he said instead of all the ramblings in his head. Tony nodded in understanding and the quiet stretched between them until it became uncomfortable despite the noise in the room. “Are you still mad at me?”
“Remotely,” Tony emphasised.
“It’s honestly nothing, Tony,” he said tiredly. “I have a lot on my mind and I just need to focus harder, that’s all.”
But now that Tony was on the same height level, Steve could focus on him properly. He was wearing what was clearly a handmade paper birthday hat, painted in the same patriotic colours, complete with a tissue pompom. Steve shook his head, unable to speak. His chest burst, the train raced through him, around him, through him again, like a snake, and he couldn’t breathe properly, couldn’t form words. Tony was so mindblowingly beautiful, so handsome and his smile so soft. Steve ached, his ribcage pulsed furiously, his heartbeat seemed deafening, but he was unable to focus on anything but Tony. He realised at some point he must have started tearing up when he felt the wetness on his cheeks. Then he could feel his eyes welling up some more and he started crying quietly, trying to stop it, postpone it, maybe even leave so he wouldn’t do this in front of the man. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t speak, couldn’t get up. He would never be more in love with anyone, that much was clear. He wiped his tears furiously.
“Well, the sofa worked out pretty well for us, didn’t it? I’ll take the armchair.”
“Oh, no,” Steve deadpanned, but pulled back, wishing nothing more than for Tony to climb into his lap, plans be damned.
Tony had the uncanny and inimitable ability to light up a room when he entered it. They’d playfully argued about it many times, but Steve would never change his mind. Not when he had seen it, felt it, the way Tony filled a room, larger than life,
Steve opens his mouth to reply, the sinful curve of his lips making Tony’s heart flutter, when a loud explosion actually shakes the ground below them. “Shit!”
More coming up tomorrow, hopefully.
Bucky leaned into Darcy in a show of support. “Think how much ass you’ll kick,” he told her.
“Take Wanda –”
“I won’t even pretend I don’t have to google that,” Steve admitted. The fireworks were still going off around them.
“I’ll make sure to put on a show,” he said sitting down, trying hard for unimpressed and annoyed. That should definitely be the title of his autobiography if he ever decided to write it. Actually, a couple more words: frozen, frustrated, confused - the usual.
“Yeah, I get it,” the doctor told him. She dressed his wounds and gave him a cloth to wipe his face. “You seem to be okay, but you need to get your lungs checked at the hospital. The dressings will need changing tonight and you need to stop running into fires.”
Steve:
Thor placed a crown on her head, naming her their queen for the night as soon as the bottle of tequila was finished. Someone put some lounge music on, and Steve was pleased to see his friends enjoying themselves as they mingled.
Steve swore he could see stars. He forced himself to stay put, waiting for the man to do whatever it was he had planned. It was soon obvious it was going to be longer before he would get his release when Tony moved away. The cold air on the wet skin of his scrotum made Steve groan.
They repositioned quickly, Tony settling down on the sofa, wine glass in hand, bottle nearby. He propped his feet up on the coffee table, where he’d put on his own show for Steve all those months before. He smirked as he wiggled his toes, and Steve fully embraced the groan he let out.
(See the end of the chapter for
She blushed. “Steve, then. I…” she faltered. “I would like to say that this was a very nice thing to hear and that it gives us hope that we can still fight the good fight.” She then said something in rapid Russian and Steve blinked. “Shit, sorry that was not English. Just thank you,” she added, wringing her hands.
She must have been drunk enough to call him that, but it was endearing so he didn’t say anything. “Yeah, sure,” he assured them. “Come on, you silly drunks.”
“You do know what a threesome is, right?” Tony asked at the same time as Steve said, “It does sound a little like a threesome, not gonna lie.”
“Clint and I had a double act with a circus once.”
“With her clairvoyance shit, my heart nearly stopped. And I don’t even know…” For a moment there, he seemed to be losing steam, but then he heard a shuffling, and he remembered something. “And you’ve got a newspaper. Really, Tony? A newspaper? And this domestic setting and I just – I can’t – as if it wasn’t enough I’ve already fucked everything up time and again because I’m a
The idea came to him suddenly, amidst a conversation he was only partly involved in while reviewing the process. It felt a bit like grading papers while his students were waiting for results. And wasn’t that fantastic, he was doing the teacher jokes about himself now.
“Wait, that’s what’s making you chew at your lower lip like that?”
“That’s entirely on you,” Steve informed him. He pushed the fabric lower on Tony’s thighs, letting the trousers drop on the floor. “I’m just seeing to your outfittary needs.”
“Is this okay?” Tony asked again, scratching his scalp gingerly.
“That’s my mother’s house over there,” the pilot said excitedly, pointing in the general direction of an apartment building. “Sorry, I’ll wait here for you, Sir.”
“Tony said butt!” one of the kids yelled and Steve loved the blush spreading on the scientist’s cheeks more than anything in the world.
“We really need to settle on a pet name for me.” He was circling that spot inside Steve, almost touching it, almost taking pity on his need. “But I’m afraid that’s not it,” he added.
“I should have been more careful,” he whispered. “I shouldn’t have just… gone with it.”
Tony:
“Yeah,” he had to pause for a yawn, “don’t forget about the charitable baseball game and the Saturday night ball.”
“Stark!”
The pages were filled with black and white photos of young Maria and Howard, of baby Tony, of Jarvis holding Tony, of Peggy cuddling him on the floor, of a toddler Tony sleeping with a toy Captain America shield. There were photos of Howard trying to calm Tony down as he was holding a meeting with what looked like officials. It spread out over years, and Steve had to persuade Vision to put in a good word with Friday to get some photos of teen Tony, and he was now torn between regretting everything and moving to the depths of the Arctic Ocean, and kissing the man’s watery eyes.
Natasha informed him it was healthy progress, and he had to admit it was great to have some sort of positive feedback, nosy as it was. “I make him smile or laugh sometimes and it’s just – I think it’s the best part of my day,” he explained it to her.
“And she’s funny and kind and perky and I’m not.”
“Good,” Tony whistled. “You looking good, Cap,” he says slyly.
Tony shuddered. “Please, god, no.”
“So…?”
Up on the stage he waved at the attendees cheering for him. He hated them. Outside, the people could probably have a spontaneous election and choose twenty people who would be more worthy of leading their country than the conglomerate of corruption sitting down in front of him. The big lights were on him now and he felt his stomach drop. What the fuck was he even thinking ever leaving Brooklyn? He cleared his throat.
Once the door was shut he unceremoniously plopped down on the burgundy sofa and loosened his tie. He sighed dramatically, venturing into almost whining territory. Natasha opened her suitcase and pulled out a tablet like device, then started to methodically scan the large room.
Okay.  Thanks for the update.
Tony slumps into the nearest chair as soon as the Ambassador hangs up.  His face is in his hands, and there is a throbbing behind his templates that aches between heart beats.  Tony can feel the rushing of blood in his ears.  He takes a moment, two, three, four, before he straightens.
Steve snorted.
The tips of Steve’s ears tinted slightly pink and his cheeks followed approximately 1.5 seconds later.
“You heard the lady!”
“Yes, yes exactly. Please, try to keep up.”
Behind them Darcy pointedly cleared her throat.
And oh, oh but that
“Thank you.”
he was only dimly aware of the third because it managed to rock his entire body. He opened a bleary eye to search for potential onlookers but Clint was snoring peacefully on the other couch and Darcy seemed to be too close to the speakers to hear him.
It was Jarvis who alerted him to the worrying state of their Captain.
“Good.”
Darcy sighed dreamily as the song ended and turned to put it on repeat, and Steve gritted his teeth and nearly screamed into the couch cushion.
have been able to do if Steve didn’t want him to, and led him away from the couch signaling to Darcy to push away the chairs and table; which she did, albeit a bit clumsily. She had managed to down an entire whiskey bottle by herself and Tony was actually kind of proud over the fact that she managed to remain upright for enough time to move the furniture.
When he arrived to the common area, Steve seemed to have calmed down enough that his pulse wasn’t running a mile a minute, but his face, oh,
“Language!” and Tony was proud that he had managed to sound genuinely offended. Again Steve chuckled and it was like molasses over Tony’s brain, music to his ears! Whatever, he loved it.
His head throbbed in time with the mulling pain in his chest, only amplified by the asgardian alcohol burning holes in his veins. It was the same pain he had felt every second of every minute of every day since he was rescued from the ice.
Tony let go of Steve with his left, catching him by surprise to twirl him and then managed a ridiculous little shimmy with his hips. Now
Steve; Bucky seeing Steve when nobody else would.
And the floodgates opened and Steve lost nearly all damned control as he shook with the pain strangling him though his spine. He could
your laugh”, and crap- he had said that out loud, hadn’t he?
His hands being small and spindly, body hurting all over and his lungs constricting with every breath; him looking up to Bucky who smiled back down at him; Bucky and a night sky filled with stars, and grass tickling his neck; Bucky with silvery aquamarine eyes just for him; Bucky focusing on Steve; Bucky
“Sir, I feel obligated to report increasing signs of distress in Captain Rogers and seeing as he is intoxicated and in the common area—”
“Shut up.”
“Dance with me.”
“What’s going on, J?” Tony put his visor up and his blowtorch down, drawing up a hologram feed from the common room, scanning the image with a sinking feeling in his stomach.
