Wow, self awareness, Dean. Good job.
(slowly numbing sadness)
Yeah. We’re pretty sure it’s Djinn, right? Blue tattoos, lots of disappearances.
Five.
“We… we know Cas is gone.” He shook his head. “Michael hates the guy but… I’m still sorry.”
They have so much time. It’s wonderful.
And I'll stand up and scream,
GLENN
CASSANDRA LEMMINGS is looking out the window mournfully when we see her. Unsurprisingly, and totally unsubtly, she has dark hair and blue eyes.
You’re- Jack?
Eileen nods hesitantly. “You know, I could, maybe. I just don’t think I want to.” She just leaves it there, clearly not caring to explain herself to John. Dean has a passing thought,
Church, church, demons can’t get in churches.
You don’t know that!
This is just Jack. I found Miracle though!
CASTIEL
Dean just laughed. After all these years of pining and that fucker had the audacity to laugh. “Cas, you think things wouldn’t change? Like I didn’t love you back?”
(excitedly)
Then a shoulder comes into frame, SLOW PAN OUT to see it’s QUEEN VALERIA, looking disapprovingly (but mischievous, and also bloodied) at Lucifer.
I’m sorry.
At this point, Eileen starts to wake up, jolting and struggling in her cuffs before realizing it’s useless. She looks at Sam and Dean, checking to see if they’re okay, then decides to taunt the Djinn.
“He. Was. Wrong. You are not sinful. God does not care. And
ROBERT
Pause for dramatic effect, screams and murmurs continuing to echo through the Empty.
SAM (CONT’D)
Sam grab’s Eileen’s hand and faces John head-on. “I wish I had a better father to meet the woman I love.”
Dean runs a hand over his face to collect some kind of dignity in protest of the wet steaks down it. “Turning the guilt outward, huh? Guess I know where I learned that from…”
Jack winks exaggeratedly at Dean, facing away so the three Djinn don’t see it. Dean, Sam, and Eileen share looks of confusion.
“Yes.”
“Hey Dad!” Sam smiles, having beat Dean to the door. “Mom!” They meet each other in the middle for long, sweet hugs that they’ll probably never see again unless one of them finds another way to die in heaven.
The first time Dean says "I need you," to Castiel, he himself doesn't really know what he means.
EILEEN
INT. CASTIEL’S ENTRANCE BARN - PONTIAC - MORNING
So let it out and let it in, hey Jude, begin,
Hey, kid.
Look, I’m sorry, but I saw the state of your room. There’s no way I’m letting you drink more.
Alright, what town?
CASTIEL
They’re psychos, Cas, who knows what-
Dean’s suddenly kneeling against the bed, his hands put together in prayer.
(cheerful)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LIBRARY - NIGHT
Jack grins and runs over to Dean to hug him.
INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY OUTSIDE CASSANDRA’S ROOM - MOUNTAIN GOVE - EVENING
DEAN (CONT’D)
(singing)
Mountain Grove.
Another SCENE CHANGE. Dean stays the same while Cas disappears. We’re now in-
Oh, wonderful. This is looking great for us.
Dean came out of that room to grab a bottle of whiskey, then retreated to his own room. Sam heard hics, sobs, small whimpers coming from beyond that door. He was tempted to do the same, except… Jack needed him, and the world needed him. Eileen-
You could say he was dragged to another plane of existence. It’s too late. All I’ve got is his son now, and I’ll do it right for him. Otherwise... I’m just hanging on.
I just, I think- I think I get you now.
He told me he loved me. That just being, just saying it was enough.
The door opens, Sam walking in with Eileen following behind him. She closes the door behind them, and Sam turns to her to talk.
You know, he’s not really mad at you.
(good-natured teasing)
Because I’m not like my “douchebag” brother.
(very... casual)
You lived it.
,” by SCISSOR SISTERS
(sighs)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - JACK’S ROOM - NIGHT
We’ll find your husband.
EILEEN
Dean heaves a deep breath and looks down.
AMARA
Dean, I-
Thank you for your help. Do you mind if I interview your daughter?
EXT. CHURCH GRAVEYARD - RIVERTON - 1996 - NIGHT
Dean says "I need you," and "we're family," and "you're my best friend," again. Castiel can't hear it right, with Naomi yelling over those sacred words. He holds on to them, desperately, trying to understand what they mean. At this point, though, Dean understands, finally. He says "I need you," and he means "I need you because I want you, and I love you." He says "We're family," because family is supposed to stay. He says "you're my best friend," and means "please let that mean you'll stay. Please stay." Castiel drops the blade and says "I'm sorry." He means "I'm sorry I hurt you, I'm sorry I couldn't stop Naomi, I love you and I never want to do that again."
GLENN
CASTIEL
“Wow, taking steps to acknowledge your sexuality! Now that is character development I did not write you with, you stubborn son of a bitch.” Chuck teased.
I don’t know. It’s frustrating. Ever since I came back, I just keep feeling this thing. But I don’t know what.
What recent events?
Funny. But the thing is, the Queen wants him. Really bad. Now I can’t do anything to you, Dean, she needs you, too.
Sheriff Hanson takes a minute to process that.
No, but stressing all to hell isn’t doing him any favors.
Yeah yeah, I won’t.
So Cas is asleep in here somewhere?
I really shouldn’t be interfering as much as I am. You may find out that answer for yourself.
Yeah, Amara said you’d know something about that?
AMARA
“Shut up,” Cas tells him, casually. Dean snorts. “But yes, Mr. Winchester. Most of them were programmed without a moral compass. Jack is working on changing that. They’re no danger to you.”
And how do you even know he swings that way, mister? He doesn’t seem all that interested, in my opinion. Now if you were harassing a federal agent-
“Leave me,” was probably not the thing to say that would help make the silence go away.
“Technically not a man,” Cas mutters, to Dean’s rolled eyes.
Y-you said it was too dangerous to get any Angels from the Empty.
Mr Brown looks to Mrs Brown to finish his sentence.
. Dean whips around and finds Cas just standing there, awkwardly shifting on his feet in his stupid, adorable tax accountant get-up. Dean feels warmth in his cheeks and his mouth is unwillingly pulled up into a smile. Dean runs at Cas and crashes into him with a hug. Or embrace, or whatever’s most romantic.
Sam groans while Dean and Castiel grin at each other.
Sam shakes his head dismissively, and Eileen looks at him with sympathy.
ROBERT (CONT’D)
The beginning of the apocalypse, which never came to pass. It’s a story for another time. What would you like to do now?
Sam looks reasonably shocked. Castiel rolls his eyes. Dean’s being dramatic. Pump up the lover’s quarrel music. And with our little team free will staring at each other dramatically as always-
persay considering we’re talking about like, whole lives here... Uh. Y’know, an announcement. About life. And love… lives.”
You think he’ll come? He was weirdly stubborn about staying behind and helping Jack.
CASTIEL
Fucking terrible. What the hell do you want from us!
I’ll go pick you up some food.
of work to get here, and way too many arguments for Dean’s taste. (
DEAN (CONT’D)
If I don’t come back from this-
Chuck took over your body?
(See the end of the chapter for
Shut up, Sam, and tell Dean “the happs.”
QUEEN VALERIA
This is it.
(opens eyes)
Then he came back, we were a family, his son did some stupid shit, and we fought. It was bad for a while... Then I told him I forgave him.
INT. QUEEN VALERIA’S LAIR - CAPTIVE ROOM - NIGHT
Dean pulls Cas into a hard hug, crying into his shoulder. “I know, Cas. I love you too.”
Why do I gotta-
Eileen perks up, smiling deviously with a helping of fries in her mouth. (Has she just been eating the whole time?) “Well, Castiel the gay angel kicked your ass.”
“Dean Winchester has-” Michael had been driving for a while, but breathed suddenly, and his eyes glowed. Sam guessed Adam wanted to step in. Adam cleared his throat. “Well, Dean is- was- connected to Cas. Again, I’m… I’m really sorry. But Cas is in the Empty now, and Dean’s here, on Earth...” Adam trailed off, a guilty look on his face.
You- she what?
You were never my father. And I was meant to bring paradise... but I failed. With my real father’s help. So I won’t help you. Not with anything.
Dean and Glenn smile at each other painfully, then Dean walks off, and Glenn shuts the door.
The tension drains from Dean’s body, and he gives in. His brother is right, punch him bloody and he won’t admit it, but something does need to change. He’s exhausted from fighting.
“Dean,” Charlie began in a mockingly cheerful tone sharper than any Dean had ever heard her use in life, “Better for them to be alone, to be the ones pushing others away, right?” Dean grit his teeth. He had never said those words aloud, had only thought them to himself every time he wanted to gather Cas in his arms.
If he made an overture, how might Cas respond? Confusion, pity, rejection, and passive acceptance all seemed equally probable to Dean. Enthusiastic reciprocation did not.
Odie gave him a long look, then silently passed over a condom from the now-almost-empty tote bag from Timea’s clinic. Sam took it from her like the peace offering it was. He cleared his throat. “You know, when you said online your parents were dead, I assumed vamps or something. I drew a straight line between two points, but I see now that was pretty presumptuous of me.”
Dean balled his fists. What a bunch of assholes, talking about Cas and Jack like that. “Enough.” Dean firmly said. “I’ve seen the damn movie. It’s not a mystery who they’re talking about. You can skip the dramatic cemetery reveal. I just don’t see why I should care what these losers think, anyway.”
“No. With my angel powers back in full, I have no need of that,” answers Cas.
“Yes, Dean croaked, eyes pleading.”
Dean scoffed and brushed past Sam. He retreated to his room to nurse the sherry while cranking up Metallica in his headphones. Dean closed his eyes, head leaned back against the headboard. The images memories rose, unbidden.
Sam wordlessly clapped a hand on Dean’s back and walked him to Baby.
“I’m sorry, but we have a short hike still,” Odie explained, pulling her hiking boots from the backseat and spraying on mosquito repellent. “I can help carry the body if you make a pallet.” She tossed him the bug spray canister.
“Whatever” scoffed Vernon. He pitched his voice conspiratorially to Mariah. “He gets like this every year. It’s because of
“C’mon, Billie,” Dean attempted weakly. “I never expected the silent treatment from
“Not lying, just...” Dean threw up his hands, helpless. “You just don’t know what you’re signing up for. What a loser I am.”  Dean nodded, mostly to himself. “You’ll regret it, in the end,” he added ruefully.
What he wasn’t so blase about was the flight. He lost the argument about driving the Impala through Mexico to get here, tag-teamed by both Sam and Cas. Apparently only four-wheel drive diesels were able to navigate Belize’s varied jungle-mountain-beach topography. Not to mention the drive time would be far beyond what they normally hauled, even cross-country. Driving would make them miss the next couples retreat dates, which could mean another missing couple.
He finally got the door opened and whispered a curse, his breath smoking in the cold air. Dean had stayed in some truly ugly motels, but this place was just disgusting. A shaggy 1970s carpet that looked to have once been a shade of blue, but now was a dingy gray, covered the floor. At least, it mostly did, except for the holes where it was so worn the floorboards literally showed through.
Cas peered around Dean’s shoulder to get a good look at the room. “They certainly fulfilled the checklist for stereotypical romance,” he noted.
Cas gave her a predatory smile. “And the fact that
After a brisk shower and shave, Dean stumbled around the room, haphazardly gathering the meager supplies he had brought in. He located his keys under the nightstand. He gave the cold pizza a wide berth (fearing bugs, or worse had indeed snacked on it). He scooped up his now-dead cell phone (he had forgotten his charger in the car) and the motel key.
“What about Cas?” Sam’s voice rang out behind him. Dean stopped in his tracks but didn’t turn to face this inquiry. “Do you think he wants to stay in bumfuck Kansas and help you mother hen me to death? You do realize your whole life is like a blip to him, right? You don’t even want to try to spend it doing something *more*? For *him*?”
——————————-
“AAAaaaaayyyyyyy!” screamed Odie in response, and shot past Sam in a blur. He kicked his jacket back in place from where he had been halfway to his gun tucked in the back of his jeans, going for nonchalant and probably missing, judging by the bartender’s knowing look.
“To taking down the man.” repeat Dean and Cas in relieved unison. Tumblers are chugged. At the bottom, grimaces and gasps as alcohol stings and burns.
Sam meandered through the bodies until he found Odie on the first floor of the treehouse, staring silently out at the river. He leaned on the railing next to her, and she softened. Sam felt her small hand, firm and smooth, slip into his. “I’m ready to go,” said Odie.
The sherry must have fucked him up more than he had thought. That or sleep deprivation. Whatever, he just wanted to lie down, get his four hours of beauty rest before putting more distance between himself and his problems.
Odie was uncorked now, the words flowing out. “Timea barely kept her heart in her chest, but we saved her. Her parents had already been turned and we had to take them out.”
Dean ditched his empty beer bottle and rummaged in the bunker’s kitchen cabinets. His intake had been particularly heavy lately. Christmas Eve was a terrible time to run out of Hunter’s Helper. He should have asked Sam to pick some up when they were off singing carols and ice skating or whatever other Peanuts Christmas nonsense he had been up to with Jack in town. Fuck it, there had to be some ancient shit buried back in one of these cabinets, he thought desperately.
Cas tilted his head, puzzled. “It’s not a competition, Dean. I like burgers, too, if you’ll recall. I just hate to see you not enjoy nice things because you feel like they don’t fit your self-image.”
Dean swallowed. “Sounds kinda lonely, Bobby.” he said carefully. “But hey, it beats the alternative, right?” Dean’s smile was thin. He wanted reassurance for himself as much as for Bobby.
Dean rattled a box of pills in his other jacket pocket smugly in Sam’s face. “Allergy medication, dude.”
“One panti rippha” announced the bartender, sliding a beachy orange drink towards Cas. Cas lifted it at Dean in salute.
“Yes,” nods Cas. “But I can’t decide which animal best represents you. A wolf seemed appropriate somehow, but I also like the idea of a-”
“My mother, Elena Panti, was Mayan-descended from the indigenous people here. She was a midwife, and delivered all the local babies. She also helped heal people with local plants.” Another long pause as her eyes fixed, unseeing, on the waves rolling in.
“Is everything okay?’ Brian interrupted. Dean jerked back to awareness of his slack jaw (he hadn’t realized his mouth was open), his tense upper back holding himself up to look at the next table. Dean shook his head. “Yeah, sorry,” and laid back down as Brian resumed his ministrations.
“No, no” Dean lifted Cas’ hand to his mouth; kissed his knuckles. “I just want,” Dean swallowed. Why was this so hard? “I didn’t want to come like that.” Dean met Cas’ blue eyes just as the angel’s brow unfurrowed in realization. Cas swooped down and kissed Dean deeply. Dean opened for him eagerly, now able to grasp at his lover and pull him in with his unbound hands. All too soon, Cas’ soft lips were gone, and Dean came back into the room enough to register miles of tanned skin dusted with dark hair being bared as Cas quickly peeled off his remaining clothing. He watched with hooded eyes as Cas knee-walked toward him as he lubed up his beautiful, fat cock with one hand.
Dean immediately froze. He had no idea what to say that would make sense in the context of their cover story. He remembered what they discussed about sticking as close to the truth as possible. “Cas leaves when I need him. He’s not always there. I’m always worried he’ll be running off again.” he blurted out in a rush.
He liked the feeling of floating on his back, no part of his vessel touching the pool’s tile lining. It reminded him a bit of flying. Not all sensations of a human body were onerous.
, thought Dean. His thoughts were interrupted by six-and-a-half feet of his brother hugging him warmly. Dean hung on gratefully, and didn’t let go until Sam did first. “Merry Christmas, Sam,” Dean said. He thrust a package at him. Sam raised his eyebrows in question, but Dean just jerked his chin, indicating he should open it.
Despite his strong desire to smirk and crack a joke at his brother’s expense (it had, after all, been a very long decade,) Sam tried to control whatever his face was currently doing and meet Dean’s gaze with his own best poker face.
“It’s so nice out,” he says wistfully.
“Don’t try to be funny about this,” Dean says miserably. “You’re—” Suddenly they’re choked up, and they want to personally strangle every person who made this possible. “You’re fading.”
Dean has his gun with him, but he doesn’t pull it out. He’s not sure why. “You a witch?”
“I’m sorry.”
“No,” Dean replies, so quickly that he almost trips on his own tongue, and the man blinks in surprise. “No, I mean before that.”
Dean grins, and pulls him by the belt loops to kiss him again.
“A cupid,” Castiel repeats. There’s something nagging at the back of his mind waiting to be pulled out, but he can’t grab onto it. “She was… important.”
This gets Cas going, shrugging on a coat with a pout as he walks out of his room, and tugs on his mittens that Sam had gotten him last Christmas. And, well, the exam’s not exactly a lie—but Cas doesn’t need to know that Dean’s been studying his ass off for the past few weeks, and that he’s more or less ready for the next wave of exams coming up starting tomorrow.
“It’s fine.” Castiel flushes grime down the toilet. “Is everything alright?”
“You okay?” Dean asks, sliding his backpack off of his back and settling on the couch across from Cas.
Castiel stands in the hallway under its bright light, and absently rubs his thumb over his wrist.
“…Until the summer.
“Yeah.” Dean swallows thickly, and bobs his head once. He starts his sigil on the driver’s door. “Of course it’s fine.”
When Dean Winchester arrived in heaven, he found peace. Or something. That’s what he told everyone else, at least. Bobby asked, he said he loved the whole paradise shit. Loved driving endlessly searching for C-
Wanna tell me about your sister?
I just hate that dick, Lucifer. He was after Jack and he made him smaller cause he’s a douchebag- I just, I don’t like the idea of Lucifer getting his hands on Jack again.
But I- I wanted more. Never wanted this shit, Sam.
(there, happy?)
of the new god. He had no right to say that to you and I am telling you now.” Cas grips his face harder. It’d be a romantic caress if it wasn’t starting to sting.
CASTIEL
“Hi Dad.” Dean walks over and hugs him, tense. It’s like holding hands with Schrodinger's bomb. Is it going to explode or not? Maybe both!
MRS HELLER
They both die!
Then, when your dad came home, he yelled at me. Let your dad punch me, told me to get the hell away.
if he came around to spout his opinions, and it’s
Oh, hey guys. Been looking all over for you.
ANGLE ON Glenn, sitting alone at a table in the wide, busy cafeteria. He’s watching Dean, who in the distance ruffles Sam’s hair on the way to Stacy and her friend group, clearly flirting. Glenn scoffs, and takes a bite out of his lunch. Dean catches Glenn’s eye for a second, then bids the girls goodbye.
LUCIFER
Dean sighs, rubbing his hand over his eyes. He does not want to be having this conversation right now.
“What!?” Dean squeaks. “NO! I mean, yes, but- how did you know?”
Dean sighs, disappointed in himself, then gives Sam a half broken and half challenging look.
Dean looks around desperately, alarmed. He stands up and sees piles of bodies. He steps closer to one lying in a pool of blood, faced away. Turning it over, we see it’s DEAN. Or, at least, a version of him. Dean gasps and steps away suddenly.
“Oh shut it, you little rascal.” Ellen smacks her head.
Two nuns. In love. Committed suicide, now they haunt the church.
It’d be nice to give an effort for the time you do have, though, Winchester.
His voice breaks. Dean looks at the empty space where Cas used to be, then where Sam lies, unconscious. He backs up to slink against the grey wall on the other side of his cell, falling and curling his knees into his chest.
Dean motions to get on with it.
No wonder why
It’s our only shot.
What’s been up with you lately? Ever since we got back you’ve been mother henning Jack and blowing up at everything else. I mean, we’ve had this job our entire lives what- what changed?
“Straight to it, then. Yeah, it’s ready.” Dean leans over to peck Cas on the lips.
Curled up died and now it’s rotten
MRS BROWN
(bitter)
Sam hangs on to a thought, then tilts his head and decides to question Dean.
I brought you food. And drink some water.
And now you’ve gotten in my way
Oh god, I’m the third wheel. I’m the third wheel? What the hell!
JUMP CUT:
Sam’s got his little (ish) body spread across one of the motel beds while Dean prepares his guns on the bed across from Sam.
The singing stops. A scream.
AMARA
“Your love life? Are you kidding me? Who is it! Who is it!” Jo is instantly in a better mood, smiling and perking up in her seat.
For well you know that it’s a fool who plays it cool
GLENN
that isn’t there (he hasn’t prayed, but can’t Angels sense longing or some shit?). Ellen, Jo, Charlie, Kevin- everyone he’s ever caused the death o-
Dean cackles while Castiel smiles mischievously.
The fact that Bobby was dead must be firmly established to understand what happened to Dean that Christmas Eve when everything changed for the worse.
At this rate, he wouldn’t return to the bunker until mid-morning, so Dean took time to grab some waffles. No sense in showing up with low blood sugar. Then he made a stop in Hutchinson for a few supplies.
Sam wasn’t sure if Hank meant her parents, the attempt to call upon their spirits, or the witchcraft in general, so he settled on replying “Yeah. And thank you for being her friend.” Sam turned on his best good-guy puppy eyes and Hank’s aggression melted.
Dean was still gobsmacked. “What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be in heaven?”
“What the fuck, Cas?!” Dean is nearly hit in the face by the bag’s rebound as he freezes, catching sight of Cas. He manages to halt the bag’s swing by hugging it in place, eyes wide. Dean pulls out his earbuds. “I thought we talked about sneaking up on people like that, man.” Dean sounds irritated, but there’s no bite to it.
She shook herself and gave a deep sigh. “Don’t.” she began, when Sam opened his mouth. “Don’t say you’re sorry. Just know,” she leaned back against the beam facing him, uncrossing her arms “why it’s not a joke to me. And Sam,” she caught him in her eyes again. “It really shouldn’t be to you, either.” Sam nodded, putting his hand on her shoulder. She leaned into it, eyes closed, for a moment before pushing back off to walk back to her house.
At some point, Cas’s finger joined his tongue, and then Dean heard the click of a lube cap. Huh. Where had that come from. “Is this-” Cas began to question, but Dean interrupted him.
Dean took her hand, a little unsure how she expected him to scramble through the windowsill, high above the ancient radiator. Once they touched, though, he found himself floating, perfectly warm, through the air with her, flying above the Western Kansas countryside. The highway stretched out below them, and Dean could see wind turbines like a field of white sunflowers, their red air safety lights blinking at the top. It was like looking down onto a field of twinkling red Christmas lights.
—————————-
On the way to the office he realized he had no clue what day it was. He couldn’t figure out how long his travels with the ghosts had taken. A teen-aged girl, likely the owner’s daughter, sat behind the registration desk, aggressively tapping the screen of her phone. Her long, stringy hair obscured her face, and she didn’t look up when Dean dropped the key in front of her. “Uh, excuse me,” Dean began. “What day is it?”
It just- it burns when I’m-
The haunted church.
Alright, fine. But be a little quieter please and thank you, the Empty shuts up anyone any louder than we are right now.
GLENN
(singing, badly but loudly)
A tendril of black goo hooks itself around Dean’s shoulder, yes That shoulder, and pulls him all the way down. Castiel grabs him and pushes him back up to his feet. They keep running.
It’s, uh, it’s the scar that Dean got when Cas pulled him out of hell. Cas healed it, like, a year later, but I guess it’s... back?
But, wait. I want to help.
Thank you Sam, for the sentiment, but you don’t know- You don’t know the whole situation. I doubt he’s going to want me back for long.
DEAN (CONT’D)
What is-
What’d you get?
MUSIC CUE: “
They left in a fucking limo, and I managed to track it to this crappy-
Yeah. Because of that shit he put in my head... He died thinking he couldn’t have me. I was his. Fuck, I could’ve made him happy. I could’ve-
Dean, wait, we have to-
Sam nods. Dean stares into space, Jack hugs Marvelous Marvin closer.
You don’t know.
(mechanical)
Dean pulls Jack closer.
Well what can we do for you agents?
(huffs)
SAM (CONT’D)
MUSIC (V.O.)
(clearing throat)
Eileen pecks Sam’s lips, then gives him her best “we’ve been through your anxiety routine and it’s okay” face.
VALERIA
Jack jumps to his feet and fixes Lucifer with a Dean Glare.
MR BROWN (CONT’D)
By the end of it, Dean’s yelling. Meg spits back.
I’m so glad, I didn’t know whether Belphegor’s “souls touched by hell are doomed there” thing was true, I didn’t know if you went there for- Chuck knows how long.
(what?)
What’s happening to me?
CASTIEL
Sam grins, then speed-walks (Sammy has a crush, that must be so embarrassing for you) through the library to-
Dean laughs nervously, awkwardly filling the silence. Then the silence goes on…
Yeah.
“Will what?” Cas says, with the steely gaze of someone who can kick ass and knows it. “What can you do to an Angel, Dean?” He steps closer, leaning into Dean’s personal space. He’s so close Dean can feel his subtle breath on his lips. Despite Cas being shorter by around an inch, it feels like he’s being loomed over. It’s hella intimidating, and
Cute.
Cas, you can’t do this to me. Not again. I can’t lose you again, please, please come back, please tell me it was all a dream- Cas...
EILEEN
The screen switches to security footage. Faraway shots of Valeria and Lucifer slicing and dicing their way through the entire hotel lobby.
Castiel starts walking away.
I’ll walk.
CASTIEL
So what’s the plan?
(humm, then)
But your mother don’t pay our bills, yeah
CASTIEL
God, I’m sorry.
(holy shit? Did he just say that?)
Love you.
Rowena smiles softly in Dean’s peripheral and clears her throat gently. “Do you, Dean Winchester, take Castiel to be your not so lawfully wedded hus-”
I came as soon as I heard Sam, I’m so sorry-
Eileen, Sam, and Jack get out of the car. Jack’s still holding his teddy. They each make their way to stand next to Dean.
“I-I don’t- I-” Dean shakes softly. “I don’t even know why I’m crying. I don’t- I don’t
(stunned)
And you didn’t think to ask him to expand on that? Or tell me, maybe research what the hell’s going on?
Well, I guess I’ll endure your bad taste then.
Lucifer’s eyes turn red, and Jack steps back in fear. The energy thrumming from him becomes the jack-using-angel-power-noise.
(lighten the mood, quick-)
Sam’s sitting calmly at a table, researching. Jack sits across from him, bouncing Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy enthusiastically.
Eileen stands up, and Dean goes over to protect Jack in her place. (From what? Don’t ask me.) She steps a little closer to Sam and signs to him:
I thought it might be good to teach the two of you a little lesson. See, Castiel, I’m aware you’re under the impression that this human- and by extension, the “family” you’ve made yourself- is what makes you happy.
I’m coming.
Dean takes it hesitantly, nodding and smiling grimly.
“See, nothing can stop such a great being as that. Light and darkness and all.” Adam gestured vaguely upward. “But we can get them outta here. For, well, probably some time.”
No Cas, this is- I’m real! Okay, and we gotta get you outta-
Uh, hi?
I will, and I’ll have your father with me too, then.
Fuck.
(desperate, hopeless)
(suspicious)
Gee, snappy much.
JERRY
He says “I’ll use the energy core to blow me up and save you! It’s our only shot!”
Dr Ackles winks and walks away. Castiel doesn’t notice, and puts the card away. As he’s about to enter Cassandra’s room, Dean runs over.
Sam nods.
When we get to Dean, he struggles against Lucifer’s invisible hold on him for a good moment before blacking out. As his vision goes blurry, so does ours.
Go get ‘em, tiger!
(nodding)
GLENN
Well there’s only one option! I must sacrifice myself to save you, train conductor.
Clever conversation starter, Sam.
I’m dreaming, aren’t I?
Dean’s just staring at Cas, disbelieving. Jack smiles and bear hugs (to the best of a 3-year-old’s ability) Dean and Cas. Cas stirs. Dean tenses and puts his hand on Cas’ shoulder, steadying him.
What the fuck is that
Sam then squints at Dean’s hands, then points at them. “Is that- is that a goddamned
All three of them?
about, and if we did, if he did forgive me, he shouldn’t!” Dean ends up slamming his fist on the end of the bar, soliciting funny looks from other patrons. “Sorry,” he murmurs, then looks down sheepishly.
Don’t go all chick flick on me, I don’t need this crap.
Castiel comes back mid May, more than six months after... after. He says "Jack says I was needed here," smilling.
(voice breaking)
You should be worried! Megator could sacrifice himself!
I don't know how, but I suddenly lose control
(emotionless)
Glenn settles down and glares at Dean (affectionately). He starts picking up the things that fell.
Then he looks at Dean, sees how these words are landing and smiles, knowing, finally. He knows, you know, you know I love you. You know you're everything to me, and I will give myself up for you.
The boy with the broken halo
Wh- you think I’m the Empty?
Cause there is but you, and something within you
The atmosphere is quiet. Grieving, regretful.
Dean.
It was necessary.
SAM (O.S.)
(slightly pissed)
Amara laughs and shakes her head. Dean looks offended.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Of course.
CASTIEL
Uh oh. Dean’s starting to turn into one of those people that cry when they get angry. Meg nods, knowing not to push any further.
Dean groans. Castiel looks relieved as hell. Sam walks into the doorway and pauses, staring at Cas and Dean just sitting and staring at each other.
The nuns burn while staring into each others’ eyes, silently. CLOSE ON Dean’s eyes, welling up with tears and reflecting the flames perfectly.
I found a news report about another massacre. Matches their M.O., and there's a witness this time. Wanna hit up the scene?
It’s 5:30, Dean, did you drug him?
It’s good to have you back, Cas.
Cas’ lips quiver as he finishes, just as they did before he was taken by the Empty. It’s so much better to see him crying of happiness now, because now he’s not going to die. He’s not going to say his peace and leave, he’s going to
(winces)
You’ve played by all the same rules
Uh, Jack? What’s up, buddy?
Dammit. I hate that motherfu-
Dean walks out without further word and slams the door shut. The Bang echoes across a scene change:
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LIBRARY - MORNING
Glenn glares at Dean for a solid second. Dean looks a little sad, but he keeps his glare up.
(genuine, mask gone)
Sam starts full-on sobbing then, looking far smaller than the 6’4” man he is. He hugs Eileen tightly. He can’t let go of her too.
Dean sighs. “It’s not that simple, Jo.” He downs the rest of his whiskey glass to give him time to figure out what to say. “I- We’ve been through a lot since you guys died, okay? A lot. I’ve hurt him.”
Dean’s wearing a half-insecure half-cocky smirk. Glenn ducks his head to hide his smile.
Meg pauses for dramatic effect, the screams and murmurs falling flat, like they were absorbed by the darkness.
Valeria grins devilishly.
Jack looks up from his eggs and bacon and shakes his head, like it’s the easiest thing in the world.
I trust you’ll figure something out.
NEWS ANCHOR
“Are you anxious about your father knowing about our relationship and your sexuality?” Cas asks, blunt and sincere as ever.
(chuckles)
Seventeen.
CASTIEL
and the only person he’d want to marry is- besides the point, so I’m wondering what the hell’s going on!”
my dad, just like Castiel.”
MUSIC (V.O.)
JACK’s sitting cross legged, staring at his feet sadly. Lucifer walks into frame, behind him.
“Now I know,
HONOR (CONT’D)
Sam chuckles saltily.
Dean’s absolutely infuriated at that, but he doesn’t comment and just holds Jack, starting to rock him. Sam leaves, the door clicking shut behind him.
So we’re just gonna rush in to these three Djinn and their lair and assume we’re gonna win? What happens to Jack if we don’t come back, huh?
It’s a memory. Colors are dulled - this is not a particularly good one. Sam’s sitting at the Map table, staring into it with dead eyes, red and puffy. He’s been crying.
Apologies for the chains, Castiel, but I have to ensure you don’t go running to save-
Castiel dies by Lucifer's blade, and all Dean can say is "Cas!" When he mourns, he wishes he'd said more.
Then, a MONTAGE of shots: Nothing fully visible. Knives, slicing into faces. The scream that follows. Feet kicking shins and knocking someone down before a fist connects with their face over, and over, and over again.
“I-I-
What do you want me to say, Sam?
DEAN (V.O.)
What can you tell us about the night of the kidnapping?
DEAN (CONT’D)
Deam smirks grimly, and Sam chuckles back with just about as much heart in it as Dean. At least they’re joking about it.
I get you don’t want him physically hunting, but still-
He smiles to himself, ducking his head a little.
But, um, I’m sorry if it made you uncomfortable.
(scoffs)
You can deck out a lie in a suit but I won't buy it.
Hello, Dean.
EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - BEAVER CITY, NB - DAY
Dean smirks. Castiel rolls his eyes.
(chuckles)
Already do.
VALERIA
(voice breaking)
Shut up.
(emotional)
Dean’s eyes widen. So that’s what this is, a regret, a memory.
Alright. Let’s get this show on the road.
If... what works?
EILEEN
Yeah, why are you here!?
MUSIC (V.O.)
Sam stirs and tries to find his footing, but he’s chained up too high for his toes to touch the ground.
love you, and that’s all that matters. If he believes that merely because it’s homosexual love that it’s inherently sinful, I can quietly glare thoughts that he should go to hell. Not literally, of course, I don’t truly believe he deserves eternal torment. Though, under Rowena’s control…”
They kiss, and his entire body buzzes in tune, focuses on the way Dean’s hands come up to cup his face, and they kiss, and
They pause to listen, and indeed, in the distance they could hear the deep rumbling of the grounds as they split open with the Earth’s anguished cries.
Cas stares at him with his bright blue eyes and his widened smile. Their knees are still touching from when Dean bumped them together.
“I’m good.” Sam grins. “I was just helping Bobby out with a small case in Indiana.”
Layla blinks. “My group?”
the Castiel I heard so much about!” Charlie smiles wide and big, and her short red hair adds to the effect of her flame-like enthusiasm. “It’s so nice to finally meet you!”
Anyway, guy moves in, they awkwardly fumble around each other in the shared spaces for a while, it’s all good. They mostly keep to themselves for the first few weeks, until he finds Cas sitting on the couch and watching some crappy daytime soap opera with intense concentration.
.” Layla grins. “It’s been so long since I saw you.”
Hannah shrugs. She’s learned a few gestures while she’s been going in and out of the bunker. “We accept him back into Heaven, but if he tries anything, then right back to Earth he’ll go. He may not hold as much pride in being Heaven’s scribe as he did in being God’s personal one, but it should be better than being alone on Earth again.”
He stares down at the concrete ground for the rest of the tour.
“Damn right, you better be fucking sorry.” Dean is
“Tonight was…” Dean searches for a word. He shakes his head, half in disbelief that tonight happened at all and half disbelief that this happened to him because Cas wanted him to have it. “Perfect. I couldn’t have asked for a better birthday.”
Cas smiles with a tilt of his head.
“Out of my dream.”
“I.” Castiel holds his tongue to collect his thoughts. “I didn’t realize I had a choice.”
“You’re
Dean doesn’t look up from his cup. “Yeah?”
“How long’s your lease for?”
The words get stuck in his throat.
Cas gave him another Look and this time, Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “Yeah, alright. Whatever, dude. I was a fool.”
“A hybrid?”
Dean pats his shoulders reassuringly, and beams at him. “Whatever you want, Cas. Anything to make you happy.”
crying. “I can’t believe you let me believe you were just
Dean huffs unkindly. “Yeah,” he murmurs, his lips twisted into a wry smile.
Dean turns around. “Yeah?”
Dean shrugged. “I always wanted a room like this, to sort of hang back with a beer and play pool or whatever. It’s not much and I don’t have a lot to fill up the space right now, but I just… went for it anyway. And hey.” Dean chuckled. “Turns out, acting out on what I want is a lot more exciting than just thinking about it.”
She runs into his arms for a hug, and he finds that he doesn’t need further words. It’s nice, the hug. He shakes Eileen’s hand, who’s delighted to know that Castiel can sign.
Castiel jolts awake.
“Cas, I already told you. It was humans,” Dean says, blocking Castiel from moving any further. “The perps were caught by the locals. It was all over the news this morning. It’s none of our business now.”
Castiel eyes the files in front of him. “Yes.”
It gets harder and harder for Dean and Cas to see each other for longer. One of the rare days when they’re together, Dean holds Cas in their arms and as always, they watch the humans closely.
“What spell?” Dean repeats with the unspoken threat underneath, and he corners the man into the wall behind him. The man only holds his ground and stares back. “Tell me.”
But it’s been years since Dean’s known him, and he
But that’s—
wasn’t the one who finished the box of Dean’s favourite cereal, or
So. What is his roommate, exactly? Is Cas part of x-men? Or, or—what else can have wings? Birds? Angels? Is Cas an angel? A bird? A plane? No, it’s Superman?
cowboy fetish I’ve ever met.”).
“Cool.”
He rolls his phone in his hand again. He’s no Sam. He’s not his mom, and he
Jesus fucking Christ, he literally told him to his face and Dean thought—
Dean scoops the rest of his vanilla ice cream on top of his crepe, and licks up every last bite with enthusiasm that Castiel can’t quite replicate, even though they’re eating the same food. Castiel likes it well enough.
cousins. “I know who you are,” he says. It’s amazing how he can say this and have it sound like
Dean shakes himself out of that train of thought. He’s gotta get going with the rest of the day. “Anyway, catch ya later, smellyass.”
“I got it.”
“You’ve been human your entire life,” Castiel says. “I’ve been human for less than a year. I don’t even know what I am anymore.”
“Um.” Dean catches Castiel’s wrist in his hands, and Castiel pauses. Dean pulls him back onto the chair, and Castiel follows.
care? He’s Cas’s roommate. Why does it matter? Why does it bum him out so much?
Whatever.
Castiel talks to Muriel many times, who talks to Hannah, who talks to the rest of the angels that don’t want anything to do with Heaven’s civil war. He meets Hannah. He talks to many, many angels. With all the information they collect, they plan.
“Oh.” Dean lets out a delirious laugh. “I should do that more often, then.”
, and they get started right away. Cas is scarily efficient at it, somehow already knowing exactly where he wants most of the stuff. The lights go on top of the TV, they try to stick the spider webs on the corners of the wall with tape and fail spectacularly so it goes anywhere they can drape them on their furniture, and the spider doll goes on the top of the fridge.
“What are you… contributing, exactly?”
It seems like Dean’s done the right thing for once during this conversation, with the way Cas’s eyes widen.
“Don’t be angry,” Cas’s muffled voice replies from beyond the door.
They do argue a little over the stickers, mainly in that Cas can’t decide on where to put them on.
“Not the
. “Uh. No.”
Dean narrows their eyes. “If you’re lying to me, I swear—”
Now some lady is rubbing her stomach while she stares at herself in the mirror, then stares at some dude in her phone contacts. She tells herself that she can’t. It quickly cuts to a man and a woman talking about yet
Cas flushes and rubs the back of his neck. His wings flutter slightly. He sighs. “It
“Alphabetically,” Sam emphasizes. Dean rolls his eyes, but humours his brother.
Balthazar narrows his eyes in distaste. Oh good, he’s one of
“The feeling is mutual,” Castiel finally replies.
“I’m not good at this,” Castiel says instead.
Dean drives by an old battered barn, and he turns to his passenger seat to snark about it only to catch himself at the last second. The passenger seat remains empty, but he can’t shake off the feeling that someone should be sitting there beside him, fond smiles and clasped hands and whispered confessions thrown carelessly into the wind.
“No, you’re right,” Dean says in the tone that Castiel absolutely hates hearing: the cool, indifferent voice that pretends this hasn’t affected him at all. “Sorry I bothered at all.”
“Yeah,” said Dean. “But every name we’ve got were given to us. I wanted to try giving myself one.”
Dean curls out of the ball he was in when he was kicked and glares up at Michael, who watches him for a moment.
“I went to grab a drink. I thought…” He looks around the room. Empty. “What am I doing here?”
Castiel sinks into the green, green pools of Dean’s eyes. He cares about Dean and Sam. He cares about Dean. He cares so fucking much that it’s burned him from inside out, and he’s still willing. Always willing. Whatever they ask of him, he’ll do. He’ll risk his life for them, but Heaven knows, he knows, the boundaries of his own selfishness.
Dean almost chokes on his bite of egg on toast. “What?”
Cas’s smile widens into a grin.
“Okay?”
Eileen looks at Sam and squeezes his arm. “Well, I’m beat,” she says. “Good night, everyone.”
“Okay.” Dean eats a brownie with a huff. Geez, who would’ve thought talking about Valentine’s would lead to all this?
Wait. Wait, no. No way.
you.”
“Well,” she says, visibly hesitant to just leave her beloved cousin alone with this monster of a human, “I understand, then. But you better not try to do anything funny.”
Cas finally releases him much to Dean’s dismay and walks out of the kitchen. Dean rubs the spot where Cas kissed him, his heart still beating a thousand miles a minute.
“Why?” Dean asks out of knee-jerk reaction and clears his throat. “Nevermind. You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to.” He scratches the bridge of his nose. “Sorry,” he adds, feeling really sheepish all of a sudden. Damn it.
Dean’s lips thin. “You sure about that?”
He’s dreamed about
Either way, it’s none of his business.
“And this?” Castiel looks at the IV bag connected to him through a needle puncturing his arm.
Okay. Well. He’ll think about that later. For now, it gets him wondering, “Have you ever had a date before?”
“Morning, Cas,” he sing-songs. He’s in a good mood.
“I would’ve knocked, but.” Dean holds up the drinks in hands.
They watch TV together for a while; it’s Dr. Phil, something about illegitimate children and family drama crap. Dean doesn’t give the mug back.
“We can’t be hurt, Dean.”
“Why didn’t you call me, Cas?”
“Don’t be mad.”
“And hey, everyone needs a breather now and then. I was actually about to head back out, get ready for the dinner we had planned. You’re still up for that, right?”
“Don’t be stupid,” chastises Summer. “You’ll see Spring again in a few months.”
“Sure it is.” Dean shrugs. “We screw up, and we learn. That thing about old dog never learning new tricks is bullshit. You just gotta stop beating yourself up first, you know?”
Okay.
? Really?” Dean asks, plopping down beside Cas, since he figures it’s a polite thing to interact with your roommate at least once during your lease together.
“The public transport system is an abomination,” Castiel replies without taking his eyes off the room’s window looking out the field. Somewhere beyond there is where he used to live with his family.
“Are you… I mean.” Dean licks his lips. He hopes it’s not too out of line to ask, because c’mon, he’s gotta have
“You know, to celebrate Dean coming back from his hunt.” Sam raises his eyebrows. “You didn’t forget, did you?”
went here,” Dean replies with a grin.
Dean can’t believe he’s been such a dumb shit about it. In retrospect, of
don’t know how harpies party, but that doesn’t mean I wouldn’t try new things.”
“Um.” Dean lets go with a slide of his hand. Castiel regrets wearing only a t-shirt. Dean’s touch on his skin burns. “How’s your wound?”
“The djinn, Cas.” Dean’s voice cracks. “It said that you wanted me to be different. Better.”
“No.”
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut against the way his breaths catch in his throat like every part of him is trying to suffocate him. The phone continues to buzz incessantly in his hand.
Dean waves him off. “So, beer-and-bacon. You in or what?”
Castiel is part of his family.
“I. Uh.” And Cas has that
Sam finally coughs, and breaks the tension in the room. “Uh, so—”
“O-kay,” Charlie says. “I know you like to act the worried spouse but he
Good mood means more heat. Cool.
“I—I wished for the angels to have never fallen. I lived here with you and Sam. We… archived Bobby’s books, and we solved cases together.” Castiel watches as Dean’s anger dissipates, replaced by something else he can’t identify. Castiel feels naked in a way he’s never felt before, vulnerable as he lays out his fantasies to the man he wants them from. He won’t look away from Dean. “But it became clear soon enough that neither of us stay the same, do we? It was an impossible wish in the end, and the djinn could never keep up. I just…”
He flings it open in determination and purpose. Pulls up short when he sees Dean is outside, hand raised to knock.
Sam decided to give her space. He drew up a stool ringing the outdoor dance floor. Daddy Yankee was pumping loud, but it was early enough that not many patrons were dancing. Sam took in the mostly local crowd, looking around with a hunter’s curiosity and caution. A woman in a body-conscious yellow minidress caught his eye and made for him.
Sam scoffed aloud. “C’mon, man, Cas just got here. You’ve been hunting nonstop for the past month. You just got back. Take one day off to be with the people you love.”
I can still hear you saying, ‘you would never break the chain”
Dean avoided Bobby’s gaze and stared down at a cigarette hole in the blue shag carpet. He swallowed. “I had Lisa and Ben…and I have Sam and Jack-”
Sam raised his hands over his keyboard again, eager. “Okay, well, I’m okay in Spanish, too. What should I look up? Aztec or Inca?” Odie was silent long enough that Sam looked up to confirm she had heard him. She was doubled over, laughing so hard she wasn’t capable of making sound. She drew in a deep breath and schooled her features.
Dean sniffed “Sweat. It’s too damn hot in here.” Jo pretended not to see him discreetly swipe at his eyes with the back of a sleeve. He resumed watching as his small family gathered around the oak table piled high with ham, mashed potatoes, stuffing, and of course, his mom’s homemade apple pie. Little Dean sat in a green molded plastic booster, eating enthusiastically with his Bert and Ernie and Big Bird silverware, his parents chatting happily on either side. Dean shook his head. “Poor kid,” he uttered under his breath.
———————————-
*Freud voice* We seem veeee-ry close to a breakthrough. Tell me how that makes you feel?
Sam grunted and rolled his shoulders. He almost felt sorry for the deceased woman whose body lay so still and pale on the mat. Timea’s hand on his arm interrupted his thoughts. “We will take care of her from here,” she said. Sam nodded. A group of women gathered around Timea and the body and began to busy themselves with burial preparations. Sam wandered back into the crowd.
Dean was always alone. He didn’t deserve to drag Cas down with him.
“Please,” Dean gasped, not knowing how to communicate how much he needed it all. Cas just pulled him up into his lap, angling Dean’s hips up. He drew back and, grasping Dean firmly by the hips, pushed in completely, stroking Dean’s prostrate at the perfect angle. Dean could not hold back the filthy cry that escaped his lips.
Dean’s body tensed. Cas prepared to resign himself to another occasion of being left alone as Dean stormed away. But Dean surprised him. The hunter took a deep breath through his nostrils and released them, meeting Cas’ eyes again. “I like this food, Cas.” He lifted one off the plate with his hand, popping it his mouth, a shade of his smirk appearing. “I’m glad you ordered these."
“Cas-” Dean forced out around the lump that was growing in his throat.
“What’s wrong?” asked Jo. She raised an eyebrow knowingly.
Charlie just gave him a look of pity and understanding. “C’mon” she urged, dragging him up the stairs. Dean gave one last look at the trio around the tree, now exchanging presents wrapped in old magazine paper. He caught a flash of Cas’ teeth as he smiled broadly at the assorted-flavored Osage honey sticks Jack had bought him at a convenience store in the Ozarks. The metal door of the bunker clanged, cutting off the beautiful sight of that smile.
Cas let his hand drift awkwardly in the air where it had been on Dean’s back seconds before. Cas’ expression was unreadable. “Do you think this has something to do with the case?” He asked abruptly, dropping his hand to his side to pull up his sheet more securely over his hip bone.
“Wait, me?” Dean interjects. “Sorry, what?” Cas’ speech screeches to a halt, confronted by the confusion and shock on Dean’s face.
Dean jiggled his leg impatiently, then stilled. He didn’t know why he was so nervous. They were here for Sam. Sam was the one who couldn’t admit it, face it, accept it.
Mia appeared at the doorway of the office behind him. “Don’t forget what I said, Dean.” She adjusted one of her bracelets, and gave him an encouraging smile.
Then Cas rushes forward, their hands grabbing one another’s faces as he kisses Dean again, then pulls back just far enough to touch eyes again. A beat. Then.
Cas shakes his head. “I came to ask you if I could borrow some money.” Dean raises an eyebrow. Cas doesn’t eat or have other physical needs, so he has no need for currency. “And if you would give me a ride to town.” Dean’s eyebrows shoot even higher.
Finally, Dr. Lea ended the session and Dean shot out the door like an extra in an Alice Cooper’s “School’s Out For Summer” music video. He needed a reset.
—————————
“What happened to all his gear?” asked the young teen, greasy black hair obscuring his greedy eyes.
Sam pressed on, sitting across from Dean at the research table. “You were right. I know you want me to ‘keep the faith’ or whatever, but…I’m not dealing with Mom’s…well, we’re both not dealing too well. I really think it could help. Please? For me.”
Cas gently slipped the sharp blade under the collar of Dean’s ragged black t-shirt. With a quick flick of the wrist, the neckband tore free from the garment. Dean startled, but Cas ran a soothing hand down his band. The blade next picked off a back pocket of Dean’s threadworn jeans. Dean squeezed his eyes shut. Cas tapped the back of his knee, which had locked. “Eyes on the mirror, Dean” Cas rumbled.
“Whatever,” he heard Sam mutter behind him. Further past Sam the clink and chatter of Odie and Cas washing dishes had ceased, giving way to an ominous quiet. Dean couldn’t find it in him to care.
Jo raised a slender wrist and snapped her fingers. The breeze stilled, all noise ceased, as time stood still. In an instant, she was in front of Dean, golden light shining through the straw weave of her cowgirl hat.
Dean almost dropped the mirror.
The breeze rippled through the green ocean of Mangroves. From his vantage point on the second balcony of the treehouse, he could just see the Dangriga river meandering to the ocean. The birds were quiet; it was almost noon. The peace of the setting was echoed by a deep peace in Dean’s heart.
Cas’ stoic face hid his confusion. “I don’t understand.” responded Cas. “I heard your fight with Sam. I thought you might be in need of some comfort.”
Cas holds Dean’s eyes as he loosens the tie around his neck, pulling it off over his head. Then he slowly unbuttons his shirt, one button at a time, watching Dean’s hungry face as the skin is revealed. He knows enough about human sexuality to know he is engaging in a form of seduction. He just never thought Dean would be so responsive. His pupils are dilated, and his breath is coming quickly, just from the small sliver of skin Cas has exposed.
“What? No, we-” Cas sputters. “-I mean,
Dean laughed. The young woman startled, shaking her head at his borderline hysteria. Dean pushed his room key at her. “Merry Christmas,” he said, before taking another look around the office, noting the small Hindu symbol on the door to the family’s residence. “Uh…” he began awkwardly. Shit. He hadn’t meant to offend her. “I mean, if you celebrate.” he finished lamely.
Dean texts Sam, Cas goes for a swim, and Dean deals with feeling unworthy (surprise, surprise)
Cas shrugs. “I didn’t sneak” he adds with a hint of a smile. “It’s not my fault you had your music up so loud you didn’t hear me.” He pauses, trying not to let his gaze drift over Dean’s chest to the tattoo. “I just wanted to tell you Sam’s alerts pinged a likely Jack-sighting in Iowa. He’s packing up the Impala now.” Cas’ eyes are pulled like magnets to the feathered wings. Dean follows Cas’ gaze.
“But we don’t love Heaven.” Gabriel laments.
“Oh,” Cas rumbles. “Oh, um, there’s very nice.” Dean opens his lips to suck on Cas’ neck just below his ear, probably leaving a different kind of mark as a memorial of Dean’s presence.
Jo gave him a lopsided smile. “C’mon Dean. I know you like to pretend to be dumber than a post, but I know you’ve at least seen
Thanks/I'm sorry
Dean drew back sharply, shaking his head. “No.” The outward rage twisted inward instantly, like the cold steel of a knife sliding into his gut. “No, I’m not. Cas. I’m sorry.”
“I can tell. You feel like soldiers and firefighters I’ve worked on in the past,” replied Brian. “Strong but not as flexible or balanced as my athletes. You should take the partner yoga massage class with Cas, have him help you stretch it out.” Dean rolled his eyes with the privacy of the face pillow.
“Yeah, cool” he agrees. “Something tough.”
Yeah, yeah, I know what you want. We're almost there, I promise!
The word broke something open inside his chest.
“Dean.” The soft growl insistent. “Look at me.” Dean’s eyes rose, unbidden, to regard the familiar features of Cas’ face; firm jaw, tousled hair, icy blue eyes. His heart burst open.
Odie’s lips hardened into a line. She took a deep breath as though to begin a story, then stood abruptly. “I need a drink” she announced, grabbing a worn denim jacket from the hook by the door. She opened the door, then paused with her hand on the handle. “You coming?” She didn’t look behind her. Sam didn’t reply. He just walked past her into the warm night, resplendently clear with a beautiful three-quarter moon.
“I’m not sure,” came the careful answer. “We’re in this thing and I want to make it work. I can’t do that from Lebanon, and Odie has too much here to pick up and follow me.”
Sam found himself back at the bar, meeting the bartender, another childhood friend of Odie’s, who poured them each a double shot of 1 barrel rum under her watchful eye. He almost did a spit take of the slightly vanilla-flavored liquor when a shriek pierced the night air.
This time, Dean’s impure thoughts were interrupted by the distinct rumble of Odie’s Land Cruiser, all diesel engine and crunching overgrowth in the red dirt road on its way toward their little oasis of calm.
“I don’t need any help remembering this, thanks!” snapped Dean.
Dean’s face closed so fast against Sam’s understanding, sympathetic manner it practically clanged shut. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, Sammy” Dean replied. He turned on his heel and made a beeline for the kitchen. Between near-constant alcohol consumption and sleep deprivation brought on by relentless travel and hunting, Dean had been almost completely successful at blocking out what had happened on that hunt. Almost.
Sam chuckled. “Anytime, man. Anytime.” He clapped Hank on the back as the DJ cued up some mid-tempo beats. The crowd was already mingling and beginning to groove, the earlier subdued buzz transforming into the sound of a party.
Jo steered them lower until they almost hit the roofs of the houses on the suburban block. “Do you know where you are?” She asked.
Cas gently pushes his hand against Dean’s arm. Dean stumbles back and they lock eyes. Panting.
Sam clenches his jaw and Cas is surprised to see he looks angry. Cas had always got on pretty well with Sam, and was unfamiliar with being regarded with the kind of contempt the man was showing him now. Sam ground out, low: “Cas, when you died, you have no idea what it did to Dean. He was an empty shell. I had to watch him stab a needle in his chest and die because he didn’t care anymore.” Cas inhaled sharply at this, but Sam continued, rising from his chair and walking toward Cas while he spoke.
I was trying to imagine what it would actually be like. Dean and I are similar ages but very different personalities. Nevertheless, I like imagining what an adult person (with a shit-ton of baggage) would really be like entering a serious long-term friends-to-partners dynamic. It's why I shipped Mulder/Scully on TXF so hard. I like grown-up relationships. Now whether or not I can write one remains to be seen;) It's harder than it looks, so hats off to all of you who have been doing this so well for so long!
Sam pointed at Cas. “He’s an angel of the lord. Pulled my brother out of hell, defied heaven, fell to Earth, tried to be God, was possessed by Leviathan, went nuts and then went to purgatory. Oh, and he was possessed by Lucifer, and came back from the dead a bunch of times including earlier this year.” Odie’s striken face didn’t stop Sam.
.” She unbuttoned her jeans and pulled those off as well. Dean’s mouth feel open at her casual disrobing; their obvious intimacy. She stood in a black camisole and greying cotton underwear, hands on her hips as she regarded Cas. He studiously ignored her. “He’s getting closer. I’d
Dean’s fingers flexed and clenched in time with his jaw. The interminable couples session droned on almost all afternoon. His stomach was rumbling, and he was bored out of his mind. He barely registered the other couples sharing the circle with him. They seemed like the standard, suburban, more-money-than-brains, trying-to-recapture-that-magic types. But what did he know about that life?
Cas nodded slowly. Good. “Kneel.” he commanded.
Dean felt hot tears of regret sting his eyes. “I can’t take this anymore. Fly me back.”
“We?” inquired Dean.
They stood there forever, eyes locked. If Jack knew it was awkward as hell, he didn’t let on, and again, Sam, the poor, long-suffering bastard, had a lot of practice in ignoring this kind of thing.
Even just after the massage and the soul-gazing exercise, Dean was spent. Were this a normal case, he’d blow off some steam by taking Baby for a spin. Get out of town and break the speed limit. Crank some tunes, maybe hit a bar, or preferably hit on someone at a bar.
Dean tilted the sherry bottle for a swig, but it was empty. Due to his recent semi-permanent bender, his tolerance was so high he wasn’t even buzzed yet. He dropped the bottle unceremoniously to the floor and grabbed his duffel.
What sacrifice do readers accept for leaving them hanging for a super long time? No virgin blood here but I've got Costco Margarita Mix and some leftover hot dogs? No?
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, Jo, but I’m not exactly Mr. Moneybags. What the hell does greed have to do with any of this?” Dean waved his arm at the hugging couple next to the phone booth.
Dean gaped as his brother and the nephilim maneuvered the tree down the stairs. Sam hoisted the tip up as Jack dropped the trunk to the ground. The spruce was dark green, and even taller than Sam. Jack was practically bursting, hands on hips of his plaid flannel thermal jacket, cheeks pink from exertion and cold. “We got a tree!” he announced happily with obvious pride.
Time slowed, and with it, Dean’s breathing slowed down. Whatever stupid chakra opening had run its course and he felt strangely better, lighter, freer, if a little spent. Now he was aware of the rise and fall of Cas’ bare chest under his cheek, Cas’ large hand on Dean’s back, Cas’ barely draped lower body underneath Cas’ taut muscles. Dean breathed evenly again, this time to steel himself to pull away and compose himself. He gave Cas’ shoulder a pat that was more push, trying to regain the ‘buddy’ equilibrium they had established over the past decade. Kind of hard in these circumstances, but Dean was no stranger to denial. “Thanks Cas. I’m good now.”
“I simply refuse to tolerate your ridiculous belittling of your worth and of my devotion to you, my love.” Cas continued stroking his head, the soft touch a counterpoint to the fire of certainty in his voice. “I think” Cas paused a moment, hurried back in a tumble of words that betrayed his nerves, “I think you need something to occupy that smart mouth of yours, Dean.” he finished, smooth as silk, and goddamn if Dean’s mouth didn’t salivate immediately like Pavlov’s dog. Dean had already licked his lips and parted them, eyes closed, expecting to hear a zipper and feel a plush cock head push past his lips, but instead, Cas’ hand returned to its grip on Dean’s hair. “I’m going to gag you with my tie. If you want me to stop, simply pray to me. Do you understand?” Blue eyes pierced Dean’s with the question. Dean opened his mouth to reply but Cas shook his head. “No. Try it. Pray.”
“Oh.” Dean’s quiet for a moment. Then: “Can you even get a tattoo? Jack healed his spontaneously.”
Then Dean was being kissed, strong hands massaging his fatigued arms at his sides. Cas pressed his lips to Dean’s tears, murmuring praise and endearments. “You are wonderful, Dean. You’ve earned a reward.”
“I’m not afraid anymore” Dean whispered, his voice scratchy, as he scrambled out of bed. “Thank you Jo, thank you Charlie, thank you Billie!” Dean closed his eyes, overcome with feeling. “Oh, Bobby, thank you so much! That was the best night with three women from my past I could ever have imagined.”
Cas closed his eyes, letting the water fill his ears, muffling the already subdued sounds of the resort complex. Most couples had retreated to their cabanas for rest or physical congress, but some joined Cas at the luxurious infinity pool.
Dean stared at her a long moment, then nodded his assent. “What do I gotta do?”
Each couple had a private table on the beach, complete with teak chairs and white tablecloths. The resort was quite casual, so Cas simply threw a t-shirt on to dine in his swim trunks.
Jo pulled on her toughest face and crossed her arms. “This time watch Cas’ face, not yours, dumbass,” she shot back.
He crashed through the door, his legs protesting and chest burning. There sat Baby, sleek and black. A silver-haired female hunter sat smugly in the driver’s seat, running her hand appreciatively across the dash. Outside the open door, a line of hunters were waiting for their chance to check her out. Dean approached, heartsick, until he was close enough to read the sign on her windshield. “
“She was your first love.” Jo said, a soft look on her face. Dean’s face didn’t leave young Robin. He nodded.
Jack’s face registered the same shock Dean felt. Cas did not relent. He used his angelic strength to rip the trench into long shreds. He then took the strips of fabric and bound the body on the table. He started with the feet and worked his way up. He didn’t pause in his work. When he reached the corpse’s head his hands hesitated, hovering over the sheet with tenderness. For a second Dean feared seeing his own dead body, but Cas pulled away at the last second. With resolve, he tied the head and torso with the last strips of his tattered tan garment.
Black ink. Feathers. A bird, in flight. Cas inhales sharply. The sight of the dark outlines on Dean’s pale, freckled skin affects him profoundly. Dean’s still fumbling with his robe, turning in a circle like a puppy chasing its tail, trying to catch the other end of the dangling belt in his sleepy stupor.
“Hey.” Dean swings his arms uncomfortably.
I'm thinking this is about done. Perhaps two more chapters? Smut and epilogue?
Cas’ face flinched for a moment in hurt. But it immediately smoothed into disappointment and…resignation? Cas looked almost as if he had expected it. Like he knew Dean would let him down. Then-Dean was talking, babbling out some excuse, trying to explain. Cas rearranged his features into the impassive mask he usually wore, though, and disappeared. Then-Dean trailed off mid-sentence, alone in the empty motel room. Now-Dean clutched his stomach. It was twisting with shame.
“Drive?” exclaims Gabriel “What, tonight?”
Odie’s brows knitted in confusion. “So Ixchel didn’t consume her?”
Dean turned away and opened the door. He did not stomp, sigh, or yell. He did not slam the door as he closed it behind him. He did not say what was in his heart, the fundamental truth that ruled his life. A song stuck on repeat: Better to be alone than be left alone, better to be the one leaving than getting left, better to be the one pushing rather than getting pushed away.
She switched to his other arm, and Sam cried out in relief. Odie snorted. “When I imagined making you moan, this isn’t what I had in mind, either.” Sam was glad his face was hidden in the pillows. His mind was racing as Odie wrapped cloth bandages over the medicine to hold the cool gel in place. Sam knew she had been flirting, and he gave as good as he got. But he wasn’t really the hit-it-and-quit-it type.
“Bullshit!” exploded Bobby, ghost spittle flying through Dean’s face, cold, instead of flecking his skin. “That’s some weak-ass tea and you know it. Saving the world don’t matter a lick if there’s nothing in this world worth living for. I’m here to save you from my fate, Dean. Take a chance while you’ve still got it. Live a little now to build something worth spending an eternity in.” Bobby’s face was pleading, up close, chilling him both physically and mentally, and Dean couldn’t take it.
“For crying out loud!” Bobby interrupted loudly, standing and staring Dean down, or up, rather, since he was of shorter stature than the living hunter. “Would you stop yapping for a minute and just listen? I didn’t break out of heaven and orchestrate this whole plan just to listen to you bitch and moan. You eat weird for breakfast. I’m here, and I’m not a vengeful spirit, so deal with it.”
The second level of the treehouse was outfitted like a club, with a bar and dance floor. Sam raised his eyebrows, impressed. Hank led him over to the DJ booth, where he slipped his headphones on. Sam stopped him with a hand.
Dean rummaged through the paper sack. “Toilet paper!” he shouted triumphantly. After a quick fist pump, he answered Odie’s question. “Shower,” he said.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up. He hadn’t expected to be put on the spot so soon after their humiliating overstep of the exercise’s time limit. Luckily, Cas smoothly stepped in.
She nodded, looking eager now. She walked up to him and stood in the vee between his spread legs. He raised his hands and rested them on her thick thighs. “But my price remains the same.” Cas said simply, voice soft yet somehow threatening. Dean found himself recoiling at the veiled threat in the words.
He gripped his duffel on his lap and crossed his long legs at the ankle. He sat in an ancient office chair, upholstered in mustard yellow fabric. It was one of three, sad, mismatched chairs pushed along one wall of the anemically-air-conditioned trailer that served as the “airport” in Dangriga.
eyes-” here she cut her gaze to Sam who shifted, uncomfortably. The Winchester brothers were becoming somewhat of elder statesmen as far as hunters were concerned. “-is because I can’t figure it out. It’s…” she pressed her knuckles to her lips, and her gaze fell on a small framed photo on the opposite wall. “It’s not the first case that’s been unsolved here.”
Dean’s mouth fell open. Wait, what?
“This was the moment, Dean.” Jo said, voice low and deliberate. “The moment you discovered giving your heart to someone could mean getting it broken.” Dean’s tracked his young self helplessly as he went to the window, looking out at John and Sam. Followed the boy,
“That’s how you got into hunting.” Sam stated flatly.
“Well,” she began in the prim tones of a schoolmarm. “Begin by researching all the lore from Mayan/Mestizo peoples whose cultures were indigenous here. Then add in all the French/Creole traditions of the Garifuna people, those descended from shipwrecks of enslaved Africans bound for the West Indies. Don’t forget the British Hondurans. Then of course the British colonizers themselves. In recent generations the Amish with German-descended lore can be found in many of our farming areas, and our cities are full of Chinese immigrants with their myriad religions.”
Cas chuckled and stepped away. “You know we don’t.” Dean glanced over his shoulder to see a rare, indulgent smile on Cas’ face. “But,” he continued, his voice dipping into a lower, more dangerous register, “if you’re very good, perhaps later?” Cas punctuated this last with a cocked eyebrow that lifted Dean’s dick right along with it.
Dean chuckled. How his little brother was the overprotective one, he’d never understand.
“No,” confirmed the duppy of her father. “She died and I assume her spirit passed on naturally. I, on the other hand…” Jay Reneau passed a transparent hand across his pale face. “I was able to trap her at the waterfall using an Obeah ritual, to prevent her from further mischief. But it was too late for me. She consumed my body and spirit in her last act before the magic took hold.”
territory again when he looked up and saw Jack’s face split into a wide smile. “Yes, Dean. I’d like you to teach me very much.” Dean nodded, stuffed his hand in his jacket pocket. He took a deep breath, and met Cas’ eyes.
Dean knew, in a million different ways, this wasn’t real. The shifter didn’t smell like Cas; wasn’t as warm, and the air didn’t crackle with the electricity that always buzzed between them. But this Cas had lips as soft as Dean had ever imagined. This Cas was holding him like he was precious; like he mattered.
“Of course.” Cas replied, a bit shorter than he intended. “You’re allowed to have some fun, too, though.” He wasn’t quite sure if he was still pretending to be Dean’s partner or just stating his own beliefs. Dean should feel the wonderful flying freedom of swimming. Acting was just a form of lying, and lying was exhausting.
Dean also had dim memories of a hurried explanation from Sam describing their female hunter acquaintances’ scheduling conflicts, preventing basically any one of them from joining. What it all boiled down to was-they needed the angel Castiel for this one. His memory was hazy; there had been whiskey involved. So he didn’t remember if the suggestion initially came from Sam or Cas, but one way or another, it was somehow determined that a Dean/Cas tag team would be plausible and convincing as a cover story to infiltrate and investigate the couples retreat.
. A smirking, jovial mask of sarcasm was directed at Sam in a shrink’s office.
Suddenly, Dean felt overwhelmingly tired. He wanted to bury himself in the covers and hide, just pretend this whole conversation never happened. He let his shoulders drop in defeat. He stalked towards the stairs without a word, trudging up them towards his and Cas’ bedroom.
Cas ran his hands through his hair in frustration. “I’m not trying to ‘shrink your head’” Cas pulled out the finger quotes for emphasis, fully frustrated. “I’m just saying you’re almost forty years old. Your dad’s been gone for quite a while now. Maybe it’s time for you to stop letting his opinions and preferences run your life. Did you ever stop to think about what you like? What you want?”
“Stop. I can’t.” Then-Dean’s voice was quiet but harsh in silence. Cas pulled away so they were no longer touching. He turned away from the door so he was facing now-Dean, who observed with a sick clench of his gut. “I can’t do this,” said then-Dean to Cas.
Some time later, Dean emerged from the office to find Sam and Jack playing a game on Sam’s phone. Their questioning faces snapped up in unison. Dean inhaled, putting on his armour once more. “Let’s roll,” he ordered.
Instead, he made a beeline for he and Cas’ private, ocean-view cabana. He was fully prepared with a defense about touching base with Sam. Cas didn’t pursue Dean, though, a fact which Dean didn’t find disappointing in the least. He flopped on the king-sized bed, freshly made with white linens, and punched out a text to Sam.
Cas says “I want to get a tattoo.” The grin falls instantly off Dean’s face.
They drove for over an hour North before pulling off the road onto a bumpy dirt trail. Sam gritted his teeth as the rough terrain bounced his head on the roof. Odie finally parked at the trail’s end.
“Merry Christmas, Cas,” said Dean, pulling his present out of his jacket pocket. It was a tiny black kitten, eyes barely open. Dean had struck out at Hutchinson’s better-known retail establishments before running into a woman giving away kittens in the Wal-Mart parking lot.
When he was able to make out his surroundings, blinking madly, he was back in the motel from hell. An irresistible drowsiness pulled him towards the bed. He flopped on it, fully clothed, and sleep claimed him.
Dean protested, “Yeah, but at least it knocks you out.” But he dropped the bottle back in the bucket. “OK, then, Dr. Oz. What do you suggest?” he asked, hands on his hips.
“Melodie,” a deep voice came from across the room. A bearded man lurched through the bedroom door. Odie sucked in a gasp next to Sam.
, thought Dean, unable to stop the words from entering his head.
Dean shoved clothes into the duffle on the bed. His vision was blurred with moisture. Even if it hadn’t been, he would’ve been blinded by his own anger and frustration. His chest clenched as he recalled the conversation with Sam moments earlier.
Dean tried not to enjoy it but it was hard, grasping Charlie’s warm green robes, watching the countryside float past in the darkness below. He had always hated airplanes but this felt almost nice. Secure. Maybe it was just Charlie. He adjusted his grip on her waist.
Damn. This whole thing actually fucking worked. Sam knew he was smart, but this plan had worked out even better than he hoped. He used his brother’s moment of distraction to exchange a smug look with Odie, whose eyes were sparkling with the remnants of tears over his first human kill. She mustered a tiny smile at Sam’s self-satisfaction, though.
“Yeah, man. Always.” Hank’s white teeth flashed. “Thank you for helping gank this fucking colonizer.”
“It’s not funny!” replied an indignant Sam. “It really hurts!”
Cas turned wide, steely blue eyes to Dean “You have significant trust issues, Dean,” he said in a completely un-self-aware too-loud voice.
“Yeah, yeah.” said Sam, running his fingers through his hair in a familiar gesture of frustration. “Just another Winchester holiday to remember; drinking a toast to a cowardly, weak man who ran out on his family.” He was as angry as Dean had ever seen him, lips pursed, pacing up and down in front of the tree, clenching his beer bottle tightly.
And if you don’t love me now, you will never love me again
Dean threw his fork down on his plate with a clatter (he had been reaching for more BBQ pig tails). “Okay, Cas. That’s enough. This retreat is a bad influence on you. Just because you go to one therapy session doesn’t make you a goddamn shrink, ok?”
That’s when Cas sees it.
Sam sat back, clicking his pen. “Run through them for me again.” They had been through all of this online already, when he had agreed to come down. A former acquaintance of Eileen’s based in Mexico had connected them. Sam felt a pang at the memory of the brunette hunter, with her sass and bravery and great smile…
, thought Sam. Was it him, or did Cas’ eyes burn a little more intensely blue than usual? Sometimes he forgot. Angel of the lord, and all that jazz. Cas could be downright scary when he felt like it. Sam had already decided further teasing wouldn’t be the wisest course of action when Cas’ face became suddenly vulnerable. “Sam. “Cas pleaded. “Did you know?”
Dean looked away, grim. “No, Cas. I’m not.” He drained his drink. “Allowed to have fun.” he continued, pushing away from the pool’s edge. Green eyes caught his own. “We have responsibilities, remember?”
Cas remains calm. “You and I both know he won’t.” Sam sighs his assent at this. “I merely wanted to seek understanding about your culture’s remembrance rituals.” Sam purses his lips, nods once tersely.
“What the fuck is that?” asked Dean, “A panty ripper?” Cas nodded. “I find these extremely pleasurable, Dean.”
Sam looked surprised, then amused. He picked up his own beer bottle and waited for Cas to continue. Cas looked at Jack and raised an eyebrow, waiting. A few seconds ticked by before Jack picked up his own beer bottle, looking sideways at Sam to copy him. Dean was grinning now. That was just fucking adorable. Not like when Jack was trying to learn by imitating Dean. His grin slipped a little at the memory of how hard he had pushed Jack away at first.
Dean stared after him for a few moments. Then he crossed the room to open the door. No one was in the dark parking lot. Dean returned to sit on the bed, fully dressed, and turned off the TV. He had lost his appetite and left the pizza untouched. Fatigue suddenly dragged at him. He flung an arm across his eyes and passed out
TYVM for your patience. I'm so grateful for those of you reading, I cannot even tell you.
The clack of hooves were the first sound to penetrate Dean’s dreamless sleep. “Huh?” he snuffled into his pillow as he canted his ear towards the motel window. The unmistakable sound of a horse blowing air through its mouth? Nose? Whatever, Dean wasn’t really a rural kind of guy, cowboy fantasies notwithstanding. Anyway, that was definitely a horse within earshot of his room. He groggily pushed himself up off his stomach and stumbled towards the window. It was still open, cigarette-scented curtains waving in the sharp December Kansas wind. Dean peered out, wiping sleep from his eyes. Yep, that was a horse all right.
There's a switch in POV coming up so I decided to split into two chapters.
“When did he die” asked a young man with olive skin and a teenager’s scruff.
Cas nods. “It seemed appropriate. After you explained yours, I realized I, too, would like to carry a piece of you permanently on my vessel’s skin.”
Dean bypassed the local bar, but made a purchase at the liquor store (not imbibing yet). He rambled west for another two-and-a-half hours on state highways, avoiding I-70 and its Christmas eve traffic. When he finally pulled into Colby, Kansas (last chance at civilization before the Colorado border) the only three chain motels in town flashed ‘No Vacancy’ signs.
“We’re going to leave the room while you disrobe and get under the covers on the tables, face down. You can leave your robes on these hooks; slippers go over here,” said Kelsi calmly before leaving the room with Brian, pulling the door shut behind him.
He wanted to ask Cas if he would touch Dean. Maybe a bro-appropriate shoulder rub, or some nice platonic spooning? Dean really couldn’t tell if Cas would spot the subterfuge, and if he did, if he would just play along for Dean’s sake.
When Dean fled to the room (their room, Cas reminded himself, traitorously) Cas chose to let the hunter stew in whatever emotional overload he was experiencing and instead attempt to ‘fit in’ with the couples clustered at the swim-up bar in the pool.
Dr. Lea cleared her throat and said, “you may have found that exercise uncomfortable or challenging. Perhaps you felt exposed or vulnerable. Perhaps you felt awkward or tense. Hopefully you were able to recognize your partner’s soul and the energy of their life force.” With this she turned to Cas and Dean. “How did you two respond to the exercise?”
“It sounds like it’s hard for you to express yourself openly and honestly with him.” Cas nodded. “Why don’t you tell him how you feel right now?” she said, gently. “We can all learn from your example. To grow trust we have to share our vulnerability. We all agree we won’t laugh, scoff, or argue with our partner when they do this, okay? Thank you for demonstrating, Cas.”
With a snort and a whoosh, Atreyu bore them aloft and they landed in a field outside the bunker. Charlie dismounted with an imperious air. She strode away from Dean a few paces. “I want to show you something” she said, grimly.
“Still okay?” Cas said. Dean could hear the evil grin on his face.
“Can’t he just, you know,” Odie swept a hand in front of her body, presumably to indicate Cas’ mojo.
Jo twisted her mouth thoughtfully. “You’re still a stingy bastard, Dean. Tell me, did being a tight-ass with your heart protect you from heartbreak?”
Dean huffed a sigh, irresistibly reminded of, who else, Cas. but all that love bullcrap wasn’t for hardened soldiers like him. And Cas. Shit, he had learned that a long time ago, with Lisa. He would not let this change things between them. He had it all right where he wanted it to stay.
It’s when they spoke that words and feelings and history and expectations and desires got hopelessly tangled. Why did things have to get weird? Dean thought; leave talking to the civilians; why can’t we just have this?
Cas had beat his ass into a brick wall. Cas had cupped his jaw and healed him. Cas had gripped his shoulder. Cas had hugged him firmly like a brother. Cas had clasped his arms around Dean and wrestled the demon out of him. But Cas had never, ever touched him anything close to this; caring and gentle.
Dean squirmed with embarrassed want. “Yeah, that’s-” Cas’ fingers spread him open and Cas’ tongue was there, delicately tracing around his entrance “okay!” Dean screamed out. Cas’ tongue swiped broad swaths, vibrated in his hot center, and circled swirling patterns over the nerve-laden area. Oaths and praise tumbled alternately from Dean’s mouth. His dick lay forgotten, weeping against his stomach.
Billie stalked across the field towards Dean, her face grim. Silent, she stopped an arm’s length from him. Dean swallowed nervously. “So…ghost of Christmas future?” he asked. Billie nodded once, tersely. Wordlessly, she turned and strode away.
The small ember of resentment flickering inside Dean flared into white, hot anger. “Odie has too much *here*?” he asked Sam, incredulous. “What about what you have, Sam?” Even as he said them, he knew his words rang hollow. All Sam had was an antique underground lair and a semi-functional alcoholic brother with codependency issues. He chugged the rest of the beer, tossing the bottle carelessly over the railing. He’d be picking up the mango groves as payment for that later, if Cas had anything to say about it.
.” This last word stretched into a few singsong syllables. Mariah looked interested.
“-Heaven.” It’s Dean’s turn to interrupt, resentment clear.
For your patience, a mini chapter now. I have to admit, writing this was a little bit my reaction to what I perceived as overly fluffy fic where they sleep together and then are married instantly. Nothing against that-I read and like plenty of it, but sometimes it stretches so much out of character that I can't enjoy it, you know?
Dean vaguely recalled there had been some discussion about he and Sam posing as a couple (since plenty of people mistook them for one, anyway) but Sam had some excuse about being more fluent in Spanish, one of the three primary languages spoken in Belize, and he wanted to do research on the ground with his hunter contact there. Odie, Dean scoffed, was a stupid name for a hunter, and the guy was probably too dumb to nerd out with his brother over the local lore, but whatever. Dean sure as shit didn’t know Spanish much beyond what he had picked up watching Casa Erotica. Somehow, he didn’t think that would help with beastie research.
“One more,” Jo said, as Dean groaned in frustration. “Last one, I promise” she chirped, and took him firmly by the arm again.
Sam continues. “I’m sick of your ‘I’m just a dumb angel who doesn’t understand humanity’ act.” Sam crosses his arms in front of his chest. “If you don’t feel the same way Dean does, or you can’t, or whatever, that’s fine. Just have the goddamn decency not to pretend for one fucking second that you don’t know why he got a tattoo for you and I didn’t. It’s not fair to him. Okay?”
Dean swallows the silence. “Yeah, um, good night.”
Now Dean was debating which was weirder; staying cooped up with Cas playing boyfriends in a beachside cabana, or getting a romantic couples massage from Kelsi and Brian, their massage therapists.
Dean was alone.
Cas looked at Brian, head tilted as he always did when trying to understand human things. “Why did it happen now, instead of when the massage started?”
Dean did an honest-to-Chuck spit-take, spraying gross cooking sherry all over the clean tabletop. “Cas and I did not have a fight, I told you.” Dean growled, low and dangerous. “He just flapped off to do some angel shit after the hunt. Like always. I’m not his keeper.”
Cas placed his lips gently over Dean’s cockhead but didn’t move further. Dean understood now. “I uh,” Dean took in the reflection staring back at him. He licked his lips, tried again. “I look sweaty, uh, ohfuck” he lost his train of thought as Cas took him in again, surrounded him with tight heat. “I’m sweaty because you make me so hot, oh, Cas, that feels so good,” Dean bit off with a gasp. He noticed his color. “I look bright fucking red because you’ve got me so goddamn hot for you,” he babbled, “soaking wet hair like a ran a fucking marathon...do you have any idea what that feels like?” Cas responded enthusiastically to the dirty talk, doubling down on the tongue-laving he was giving the underside of Dean’s shaft and moaning agreeable-sounding noises. Dean looked at the mirror, which was shaking under both Cas’ ministrations and Dean’s own muscle fatigue.
Cas’ mouth turned up at the corner in response to Dean’s snarky response. In clear response to the challenge, the angel wasted no time in looping the blue polyester length between Dean’s teeth and tying it firmly behind his head. After checking the bind to ensure it wasn’t too tight in the back, Cas circled to Dean’s front and urged him to stand, helping him to his feet. “I’ll be right back” he promised. Dean heard footsteps and in moments Cas returned with a large, framed, oval mirror Dean recognized from above the bathroom sink.
There's no excuse for this taking so long. So...here it is! It's DUN.
Cas ended his rant, breathing hard. Anger rose to his surface rarely, but when it did, it always surprised him in its intensity. It also seemed particularly prone to emerge in matters relating to Dean.
Dean gave every appearance of wanting to comment but restraining himself. Instead, he walked over the pool’s edge so he could reach across and knock his glass into Cas’ in a toast. “Here’s lookin’ at you, kid.” Dean said, before taking a swig of his own drink, a version of a whiskey sour with rum.
“Don’t start, Vern. He’s in
“You looking to score, white boi?” she said frankly, once within distance to make herself heard over the bass. Sam raised his eyebrows, trying to decide if she meant drugs or sex, but before he could formulate an answer, Odie was by his elbow.
. Dean was hugging Cas by a phone booth with both arms, eyes closed, small smile on his lips as he angled his face towards Cas’ neck.
“I know you’re allergic to feelings or whatever,” Sam began. Dean scoffed, lifted the neck of his beer bottle to his mouth, kicking it back with an eye roll. “So I’m just going to say this,” Sam continued. Perversely, he fell silent for a moment, leaving Dean’s nerves to jangle alone in the silence. A breath.
Dean entered the room and flicked on the oppressive fluorescent light, which buzzed in that special migraine-inducing way. He threw his duffel on the first bed and pulled back the acrylic blanket (powder blue, also faded grey except for its poly-satin trim) and blanched when he saw a dead roach under the cover. He grimaced, pulled the blanket up, and flopped down on top of the bed. He didn’t even want to venture into the bathroom. The whole place smelled like a stale ashtray.
Jack was still doing his best Cas impression, all stoic impassivity. In fact, Cas was currently narrowing his eyes at Dean from what he could see out of the corner of his eye. Dean hurriedly added, “I never really got good, but I know the basics. I could teach you. If you want.”
A strong arm pulled him towards a ladder. It was Hank. The top half of his dreads were pulled into a bun at the crown of his head. “Hairdo buddy!” Sam smiled. Hank’s enthusiasm didn’t match the subdued manner of the crowd. Hank noticed and said, “It’s all right, man. We’re about to get this party started.”
The other was an emaciated young teen, bright red scars lining their arms and legs. Their eyes were red with tears and their hair was greasy and unwashed. They were curled in on themselves, clutching their stomach and rocking themselves. “And this is self-loathing” Charlie said carefully, piercing Dean with a knowing gaze.
Sam was leaving.
Dean’s spidey senses were tingling. Odie had shared what was either some serious nonverbal communication or a silent prayer with Cas, and they strategically disappeared to the treehouse’s kitchenette. Sam was uncharacteristically quiet, and he wore that pensive look that always bode ill for them.
Cas huffs onto the guest bed, pouting morosely. “Afraid.” he says, scornfully.
Dr. Lea cut in before things could get too heated. “Gentlemen, with your permission? This is exactly what I was talking about. Even in couples like yours, with such obvious intimacy and passion, if trust isn’t there, the whole relationship suffers.”
. Dean’s face, contorted with rage, was yelling “what about Cas?” at Sam in the bunker.
Damn if that wasn’t endearing as hell. Dean felt his chest twist; gritted his teeth, looked away.
They pulled in past the city center near the beach. “Your brother’s resort is about 20 minutes that direction by foot” Odie said, jerking her thumb to the south. Grab your duffel and come on in. I have very nosy neighbors who will be wanting to know all about the American giant I dragged in.”
Sam pushed back from the table. He realized, of course, how reductive he had been, but he was also frustrated. How would they even begin to pinpoint what they were dealing with here?
Dean made the mistake of looking at its eyes. He told himself he just wanted to see, you know? Could he tell it wasn’t Cas in there, looking out at him? Was there something to give it away, like the lens flare on camera? But it was too much, like it always was. Looking in Cas’ eyes was looking at something so pure and beautiful it hurt. Dean’s heart broke.
The bunker door squeaks open, alerting Sam to Eileen’s entrance. She makes her way down the steps as fast as possible.
Jack, Sam, and Dean were exchanging grins, looking between each other.
Dean, please.
Valeria. And I would, but I have just one thing for you to do.
Nope.
Winchester.”
Dean starts turning and weaving the Impala on a dirt road, a lot slower than we saw before. Eileen, Jack, and Sam are sleeping. Sam blinks his eyes open and adjusts to turn to Dean.
We cut to the middle of a conversation in the Impala, with present day Dean driving and Sam riding shotgun. Dean’s slumping, purposefully casual. Sam’s just genuinely curious.
Look, Jenny came out as a lesbian to me before our parents. I thought we could convince them that it wasn’t a sin, that Jenny was who she was but...
Cas has that same look in his eyes the day he was taken by the Empty, but with so much more satisfaction, joy, and unfiltered
With that, Sam stomps off aggressively. Dean sighs, then reluctantly goes after him to school.
Cas... he said the one thing he wanted, he couldn’t have. Went on about how I was the m-most caring man he’d ever met.
She went on a hunt with Jody and Donna, remember? She told you, like, half an hour ago when she left?
He scored a mango half into edible cubes, which clung to the thin green skin until he chewed them off, their sweet juice dribbling down his chin. Odie strode confidently up the beach carrying her surfboard, water droplets on her skin and hair catching the morning sun. She gave Sam a grin that was all white teeth and a big wave with her free hand. Sam waved back and tried not to notice the way her board shorts hugged her strong thighs or the way her yellow bikini top set off her radiant skin.
Sam shook his head. “That’s exactly why we need this, Dean. Now more than ever.” Now that Mom was gone again, went unspoken but sat in the air between them. “This is Jack’s first real Christmas,” Sam continued with the air of a man laying down an ace “and I wanted it to be special. Pull out all the stops.”
“What got him?” asked a third, taking a long draw from the mug of beer in front of him. “I thought he’d never die.” The ginger hunter’s milky eyes were beady and deep-set, and shifted side to side as he spoke.
Fuuuuuck. That shouldn’t be so hot, but it was, and Dean was gasping with desire, despite both of them being clothed and barely touching. He gathered a breath and thought at Cas in the intentional way he’d come to associate with prayer.
He quickly slipped off his robe, back to Cas, and crossed the room to the table in two quick strides, eyes on the floor the entire time. He practically dove under the covers, and settled onto the warm bed. He peeked up with one eye to see Castiel was already arranging his covers over himself as well. Dean was definitely not disappointed he didn’t get a glimpse of Cas without his robe. Nope. Definitely what he was feeling was relief.
Bobby Singer stood outside his door, pizza in hand.
“Let me finish. I’ve been thinking a lot about us. About our-” Cas’ voice stumbled a bit. “-friendship. And I’ve decided
“Don’t play dumb, Dean,” said Jo shoving his arm lightly. “That story was never about loving Christmas. It was about greed.”
Brian, apparently not to be outdone, chimed in “And Cas, that class would really help Dean. He carries a ton of tension in his back and shoulders, all the way to his lower back. Dean’s eyes flew open as Brian scooched the sheet all the way down to the absolute lower limits of his modesty. Using a strong forearm and elbow, Brian made an ironing motion all the way up and down one side of Dean’s body. Now it was Dean’s turn to utter an involuntary cry of pleasure. “What did you say it was you did again?” Brian asked.
“Dean did what he saw our Dad do when Mom died. He gave himself over to his grief. He stopped caring about anything. I had to take care of him. He pushed away Jack because he blamed him for your death. So, sorry, Cas, but a tattoo is the least of my worries. And no, nobody wants to talk about it, okay?” Sam was standing less than a foot from Cas now, eyebrow raised in a challenge, using all of his tall frame to intimidate Cas. Message received-this was a touchy topic. Cas nodded, and Sam seemed to deflate a bit, backing off.
Of course, Cas didn’t sleep, so he was sitting awkwardly in a chair by the bed. He had cued up some streaming classical music on his phone, Dean noticed, and the lights in the room were off except the bedtime lamp. Cas was nothing if not helpful.
“Has to? Or gets to?” came Odie’s teasing reply. Sam grinned.
,” she pouted, sitting back on her heels. The intruder shrugged, flinging off his leather jacket.
“Dean and I will clean up here so the resort staff don’t get suspicious.” Cas tacked on. Dean opened his mouth, about to protest, then closed it again at Cas’ firm glower.
Dean’s shaking his head, protesting too much. “No, no. I mean, we’re just friends.” His smirk twists into a grimace.
Dean shuffled back through the hall, heedless of the hunters and Billie. On autopilot, his feet carried him to the kitchen, where he had always found comfort. No strangers sullied this sanctum. Cas and Jack were there, though. They were huddled around a large table in the middle of the room where a body lay covered with a white sheet. Cas’ face was drawn and seemed paler than normal. Jack’s was open and caught between curiosity and confusion.
He gave every impression of polite attentiveness, but Dean knew he was laser-focused on the details of the other couples, set on solving the case. Dean could crib his notes later. In the meantime, he bounced his leg up and down in his chair and went to his happy place, singing CCR inside his head.
Dean pulled back. “This okay, Cas?” he breathed, raising a hand to gently cup Cas’ cheek. Cas nodded and surged back in, turning his head slightly so their lips fit together better.
——————————————-
I may need to adjust the rating.
Odie’s eyes flashed dangerously. “Oh, I see.” She folded her arms across her chest. “Safe sex is a joke to you.” She raked his tall form up and down. “It’s not my fault your culture’s puritanical hang-ups make you incapable of dealing with women with any maturity.” She grabbed Timea’s passing arm and took the tote bag.
“Yeah, ‘told you so’s aren’t helpful, Cas” Dean grumbled.
Cas replied, “there are a number of bedtime routines proven to enhance sleepiness. Physical exertion would have helped. You should have swam with me today.”
As the three lovers sunk, limp, away from one another into the mattress, Dean turned away once again, sickened. Dean had his answer now. He had always protected his own heart. He knew how to survive loss and grief. He never thought about how Cas would respond; how he would cope with a broken heart.
Dean stopped short on his way to the Impala at the sight of three figures decorating the tree. Sam was on the floor untangling some old-school large-bulb multi-colored lights from a garage sale box. Jack was at the table, unpacking car air fresheners from their clear plastic bags to hang on the branches.
“How fucking dare you?” Dean exploded. He was shouting now, drops of spittle escaping his lips. “Be you.” he shouted. “Don’t be him. You cut it out right now, you hear me?” He crowded into the shifter’s space, bristling as big and as threatening as he could get.
Sam did remember. She had said the bark was the antidote to the rash caused by the Chechen tree, which he apparently had gotten on today’s hike. “You’re the one who has to rub me with medicine now, so enjoy your little joke,” he teased through the shower curtain. He could head Odie working with her mortar and pestle, clinking away as she mixed up the bark and other ingredients. He heard her chuckle.
Dean tries to revert to old patterns. But things are different now.
“Right this way,” said Kelsi, opening the door for them. She had blonde hair and what he pegged as an Australian accent. Belize was a popular destination for ex-pats looking for a Caribbean lifestyle. Dean gave Cas a “not bad” appraising look as they got a look at the posh interior. Natural wood and glowing, low lights surrounded two massage tables covered in soft blankets. Some sort of hippie new age music was playing softly in the background. Dean scoffed externally, while internally admitting it was sort of relaxing. Whatever; he’d never admit in public.
Just then, Vern opened his mouth, which was was pressed against Cas’ neck, and Dean understood what he was still meant to see. Dean caught a flash of two rows of sharply pointed teeth just before Vernon clamped down on Cas’ neck, drawing blood. Dean darted forward on impulse, fists balling instinctively to beat the vamp off his angel. The flat of Billie’s blade rest against his chest as she yanked him back with it, freezing his body in place with her power. Seconds later, Cas climaxed with a guttural groan and a blue flash of grace shifted from him to both Vern and Mariah, and they followed suit.
Dean opened his mouth to protest, but nothing came out. Dress shoes and slacks were stepping down the stairs behind the white bannister. A tan trench coat fluttered over a crisp white shirt. That nerdy blue tie. A hint of dark stubble. Dean’s heart clenched, cold, in his chest.
Dean's visited by Bobby's Ghost
“Get in the shower, Sam,” said Odie, pushing him toward the bathroom, still laughing. Clean up and then I’ll put a poultice on it.
The Empty was wrong. There is something for him here.
Dean had never felt less tired in his life, all his senses on high alert. The problem was, Dean wasn’t what you would call a deep sleeper. Never in his life would he touch someone in his sleep and not startle awake instantly. But Dean sure was imagining it: What if he drifted off and awoke in Cas’ arms, snuggled warm against his chest?
Cas took a long draw of tequila, wincing at the burn before acknowledging her words. “Kid’s not my problem anymore.”
Sam looks down and sighs. Then he looks up at the bunker ceiling, as if expecting to find the answer written there. Cas actually follows his gaze, looking curiously at the ceiling, surprised when Sam speaks. “I guess it’s that whole ‘profound bond’ thing, Cas, I mean…I was sad you died, too, but…” Sam’s speech slows, then grinds to a halt. Cas looks down from the ceiling to see Sam fix him with an angry stare.
Outside, Dean drew even with Sam on the front stairs, catching his arm. “Hey, Sam, uh,” Dean hesitated, unsure. “Listen, you were right, ok? I did need that. I mean, I guess what I’m trying to say,” Dean looked off into the distance. “Thanks, man.”
borrowed grace to survive…” he trailed off, raising both hands in a shrug. “That’s just a bonus?” He slumped back in the chair. “No. I don’t think so. Payment’s the same. If you want it, work for it.” His voice was hard, the syllables clipped.
She capped the whiteboard marker and walked back into the center of their circle. “When mistrust plays a large role in a person’s life, past disappointments or betrayals may be the root cause. Mistrust is a valid and reasonable response to feeling betrayed or abandoned.”
Before Dean could pull the trigger, the apparition brushed past him. Or rather, through him, as Bobby was completely insubstantial. Chilly, but not freezing cold. “Put the damn gun down, boy. I’m not that kinda ghost.” Bobby said, and dropped the pizza box on the first bed, as there was no table in the dingy room beyond the tiny TV stand. “Eat up before the vermin get it,” Bobby ordered, as Dean gaped.
Coming in next day or so-the part that's been kicking my ass: who knows what about the mystery and how we move our boys into the final act. There are still mysteries to solve and character arcs to complete (or move forward). So please keep reading!
In any case, sorry it took me so long to post, but I had to edit quite a bit to make it fit the rest of the case detail I added so...sorry!
The water shimmered turquoise in the late afternoon sun, running gently over the hidden edge overlooking a truly stunning beach view. Cas sighed in satisfaction, regarding his father’s creation.
Movement caught Cas’ eye. Dean was approaching the land-locked side of the swim-up bar.
Dean hustled to follow, finding himself strangely unnerved by Billie. He had been in her presence before, but their little ‘talk’ then had been more collegiate. Something about her manner during this rodeo had Dean’s legs trembling in her presence. She was clearly not Billie, here for a chat. This was
Cas and Dean attend the couples retreat's 'graduation ceremony'.
Odie emerged from a tangle of limbs and gestured for another round of 1 barrel. “This is Timea,” she offered. Sam smiled and took the woman’s hand.
Sam left the research untouched to retreat to his room. Cas reflected on what Sam said. And on what he would see if he did sleep, if he did dream: the cosmic entity, mocking him.
Cas looked between the two brothers. Tentatively, he pulled the kitten towards his body, cradling it against his chest. “She?” he asked, finally, searching Dean’s eyes for confirmation. Dean nodded, his eyes captured once again. Cas ran a hand over her head and back with his long, capable fingers, and she responded with a tiny purr, a small buzz of a thing. Cas’ mouth turned up at one corner and Dean had to look away. Unfortunately, that made him face Sam, who was regarding Dean with the smuggest expression ever.
Odie affirmed this with a nod. “We were part of a generation that was devastated by the virus’ appearance here. Many of my peers didn’t make it. Orphans make good targets for predators.” She gave Sam a significant look.
The problem was, he couldn’t deny Sam anything. After this last hunt, his brother had arrived the next morning with snacks and coffee and said “Hey Dean, you know that grief counselor?” Real casual, Sammy, thought Dean. “She really helped Jack. I wanna go back.” Sam obviously thought Dean was too thick to catch his careful sideways look.
Dean’s mouth drops open. He stares at Cas, clearly overcome.
“C’mon, Jack. I think we’ve got some milk in the kitchen. Maybe we can set her up a little spot of her own. She’ll need a litter box…” Sam’s voice trailed off down the hallway as he and Jack disappeared to go take care of Cat Things. Dean said a silent prayer of thanks to Sam for clearing them out of the room.
Dean gave him a long look. “I thought we were here to work” Dean paused, letting the word hold emphasis. “On our relationship. Remember?”
was a constant buzz in Dean’s brain.
Days pass. They follow a few leads on Jack, come up empty. Cas bites his tongue every time he wants to ask Dean about the tattoo. About what it means and why he got it. Sam still seems distant. He’s solicitous of Dean, enjoying his brighter moods and studiously avoiding any mention of the time Cas was dead.
“We already had our hunters work with local law enforcement but they’re worthless.” sighed Odie. “They all think the couples were mixed up in drug business in town or kidnapped by Guatamalans near the border.” She tossed her hair disdainfully. “Both theories are ridiculous, of course, but they are eager to write them off because nobody in this part of the country wants to hurt tourism.”
