He swallowed back laughter at the spectacle of Mycroft singing as he realised what he'd just seen. "Moriarty filmed you?"
They'd never hurt before when he'd spent all day working at either his computer or his lab equipment. He squinted at John, trying to figure out why he sounded annoyed. He was certainly used to Sherlock losing himself in his work over the years, and it had never seemed to bother him before. In fact, he'd spent last spring complaining when Sherlock wasn't involved in any cases.
There was a short burst of staticky feedback and then a voice came through the phone, soft and lilting. "Hi, Sherlock. Hello, Johnny. Did you miss me?"
"That's the spirit." Sherlock grinned at her, and John reached for his phone to warn Molly about their plan.
Sherlock considered the offer. It wouldn't be the first time they'd stolen a moment alone while on a case, though they'd never done it here in Scotland Yard. But if Lestrade was busy coordinating a search of all the flats around the Crawfords' building, as Sherlock had advised, then he wouldn't be back for some time. He glanced at the closed door, then back at John.
"Eurus?" he said, when he was done. "Are you feeling all right?" She was scaring him, now, but not the way she usually did.
"All right. Sorry." John's lips twisted for a moment, then he waved his hand at the dog. "And I guess you have Stone to keep you company, too."
"And that's all you did, give him the name of my therapist?" Sherlock stared at her, trying to tell if she was hiding anything else from them.
"Mrs. Hudson phoned my parents," Sherlock said, when his mother finally released John from her hold.
She stepped past him, up the short ramp to the door, and he reached over her shoulder to push it open for her. She gave a nod, not-real smile still showing on her face, and went through the doorway, bringing a hand to her stomach as she did. She paused in the foyer, looking at the guard, hand still held over her stomach, until Sherlock waved her towards the staircase.
Moriarty's shoulders slumped and he turned away, shaking his head. He walked towards the edge of the roof, then turned back. "I don't understand, Sherlock. Why would you choose him? Is it because he praises you? I could praise you!" He took a few running steps towards him and stopped; Sherlock stood his ground. "I like the way your curls get tousled by the wind. It was really clever how you figured out my connection to Moran Productions and rescued most of my employees before I got to them."
John did so, grabbing onto Sherlock as he lost the support that had been holding him upright at the waist. Sherlock hoisted him up over his shoulder; the metal and plastic encasing his legs made it more awkward to hold him than he'd expected.
Sherlock couldn't quite fathom feeling that way, but he knew that John was sincere. "Did they give a reason?"
Sherlock's phone buzzed again and a picture of Dreyer with a woman and two young children appeared. "Hope you're not too late!" Moriarty said, and ended the call, leaving only a chilling silence in his wake.
Moriarty laughed. "Ah, Sherlock. You sound so confident. But you just sent Johnny off to work by himself, didn't you? And then texted me. I think you've finally realised what you're missing."
I am actively working on this story, but I can't promise a specific timeline for posting as pretty much everything in my life/the world is up in the air right now. And I keep getting ideas for different porny shorts for the
John felt a moment of compunction, only because he knew he shouldn't let his personal feelings about Eurus interfere with her care. He shook his head. "It doesn't matter exactly how old you are. Any pregnancy over age 35 is technically high risk, but if you got this far with no issues, then you're probably fine." He made himself soften his shoulders and uncurl his hands. "I need to check to see how far your cervix has dilated, and then I'll take your blood pressure. Is that all right?"
Their hotel room had a view of the beach, and though in John’s opinion it was much too cool for swimming, there were a handful of people who were braving the water anyway, mostly children Rosie’s age or younger, while their parents watched from the shore.
John brought his free hand up to his head, pulling a few pieces forward so they fell over his forehead in a long fringe. "You really hate it, don't you?"
Sherlock drew the plastic bag containing the fingers and wedding rings from his coat pocket. "I wasn't about to hand these over without making sure they were properly logged in as evidence in the case."
John turned his hand up to squeeze Sherlock's fingers; Sherlock glanced sideways and saw just the faintest hint of a smile. He grinned back at him.
"Oh, Rosie." He knew he should be upset with her, but instead he was relieved. Not Covid-19—she'd simply been sick because she'd eaten two dozen pieces of chocolate.
It had been three days and three hours since Sherlock and John had kissed, that tiny peck of the lips at Rosie's command. Since then, Sherlock had spent fifteen hours sleeping (fourteen hours over three nights, plus an hourlong kip this afternoon while Rosie watched
"Yes, I do. I keep one in each place where I'm likely to need them so I don't end up moving them around and misplacing them." He grabbed the package away from Sherlock, tore the paper off and let it drop to the floor, then settled the glasses in place on his nose. Next year he was going to send Sherlock out shopping with Mrs. Hudson, and he would stay home and decorate the flat with Rosie.
He picked up his phone and scrolled to the correct number. The Woman would know what to do. Having to go to her for help was mortifying, of course, but knowing he would probably never again see her face-to-face made it easier. He scowled at his phone, but made himself type out a series of messages, pausing after each as he debated how much he wanted to reveal.
"All the work you're doing?" John raised his eyebrows in exaggerated shock. "How many boxes have you carried upstairs?"
He should have known that he didn't need to ask it out loud, not when Mycroft and Sherlock were involved.
"That would ruin your career! No one wants to hire a detective who won't solve crimes. You're missing out on a chance to solve the business crime of the century."
"You can't." John lifted his chin again and met Mycroft's eyes. "You. Keep her away from my daughter."
"No, I'm not all right," she gasped. "What the hell is wrong with you? How could you possibly think I'm all right? It hurts!" She drew out the last word, nails digging grooves into her thighs.
"Who are you? How did you get in here?" The door the woman had just walked through and the door to the street outside had both been locked, she was sure.
"Was it?" Sherlock wriggled against him, trying to find a comfortable spot on the thin mattress. "Is that why you kept shouting 'God'? Or are you planning to go to church with my father if we're still here come Sunday?"
He waited until John turned off the light and got into bed before rolling towards him, stretching himself out along John's side. John slid one arm beneath him and pulled him in closer. "Did you get anywhere with the fingers?"
Sherlock lifted his head and exhaled slowly. "I know...I know you wouldn't. But it's also hard for me to believe that anyone would choose me. And you...."
"Yes." Sherlock took a deep breath, then walked over to sit on the sofa, tucking his dressing gown neatly around himself. There was a baby monitor with a small video screen sitting on the table next to him. "It's been...difficult. Resisting. Thank you for coming."
He was still stewing about it when he came back inside, though when he walked to the end of the hall to let John know he was back—
"Oh yes," Mycroft chimed in. "I'm sure it was Mary the assassin who insisted on baptising young Rosamund."
Sherlock had a brief moment of hope that it would wake John up, but nothing happened. Moriarty traced his finger out from the ring. “Oh, now, what else do we have here? Can everyone see that?” He took his hand off John’s chest and reached towards the camera and it zoomed to give a closer view of the other side of John’s chest. “Are those…teeth marks? Sherlock!”
John slipped his hand from Sherlock's neck and tightened his grip around his shoulders. "It's been a long day, Mycroft. A long week. Leave him alone."
When his tea was ready, he carried it out into the living room and collapsed into his chair with a groan of relief. Rosie was still working on wrapping something, though her back was to him so he couldn't see what it was. Sherlock began to pick up the stack of colorful boxes and arrange them beneath the tree.
Sherlock stepped close again and curled his right fist on John's shoulder, feeling the warm, slightly damp skin beneath his knuckles. "I never did anything like that when I was a teenager."
Mycroft glanced once at John and sighed, then turned back towards Sherlock. "Be reasonable, for once in your life, will you? You can't keep a child in this flat. Good Lord, Sherlock. John, tell him he can't keep her."
He was cut off by the hearty scream of a small child. John's head whipped back around, and Sherlock saw that he wasn't alone in the back of the restaurant. There was a woman with several children, including one girl who was currently lying prone on the floor.
"We—" John began, then stopped. "Yeah, all right." He looked down at his own phone again. "Mycroft didn't get a lock on where the call came from, but if we can get to Dreyer's house before—do you think Moriarty's there now?"
Daddy’s car wasn’t locked, and Sherlock was able to retrieve a couple of the hand wipes that Mummy always kept in the glove box. They did a decent job of cleaning the blood from his face—at least enough to allow him to go back inside without having to answer any uncomfortable questions from his parents.
Eve squealed in protest as he gently wiped her face and neck clean with a bit of warm water. She managed to grab the flannel with one hand, though bringing it to her mouth proved to require more coordination than she had, which made her squeal even louder. He tugged the cloth out of her grip and picked her up again, whispering softly and rocking to soothe her. She quieted as soon as he lifted her—she did enjoy being held, it seemed. He slow-danced her around the living room a few times, then sat down in his chair when his back began to object. He was still tired from having only a few hours of sleep last night, but the relief he felt now that Eurus was gone and no longer an immediate threat made exhaustion seem a small price to pay.
Two more installments left. The next prompt is Love and then I've combined Friends & Family with Merry Christmas for the final chapter. They're not actually written yet, so wish me luck!
After a brief pause, Mycroft resumed walking. Sherlock met his eyes at a distance of a few metres and was gratified to see an attempt to hide the same relief he felt. They quickly looked away from each other. Mycroft stopped several feet away from him, flicking his gaze up to the smoking building. "I take it this wasn't caused by some chemistry mishap of yours?"
Rosie giggled. "That's kind of silly. I like to draw rainbows because they have lots of colors, but I guess hearts are okay, too."
John had already finished reading Rosie's book; he was now singing a song to her, softly enough that Sherlock could barely make out the tune. He stopped in the doorway, unwilling to interrupt the moment, but when he had finished singing, John turned and beckoned him into the room. "Rosie doesn't want you to miss your goodnight kiss."
"Putting aside the fact that I didn't notice when she started to turn yellow right in front of me, the moment I was left alone with her, I wanted to get high. How can I possibly be a good father to her?"
When it was clear that John was no longer trying to escape his hold, Sherlock let go of him. Neither of them met each other's eyes.
"I don't want to, no. But—it's difficult to resist." He paused, and John could hear him take a shuddering breath before he went on. "Can you come? Now?"
"Ah." Sherlock nodded and looked out at the view of the city. Some of the cloud cover from earlier had started to disperse. "We should probably get off this roof in case the police or hospital security show up before Mycroft's agents. Do you think you can make it back down?"
Sherlock put Eve down in the cot again and John found a notepad on the desk so he could start making a list of items he thought they should get if Sherlock planned to keep her here in the flat. He knew he still had some baby stuff in the crawl space at home. Mary had been pretty organised about putting things away as Rosie outgrew them back in those early days. There were definitely a lot of clothes, though he wasn't sure what else they might have kept. He hadn't got very far with the list when the doorbell rang.
John moved over to the cot and reached down to pat Eve, trying to quiet her, though she really wasn't doing much more than fussing a bit now. He kept his eyes on Sherlock and Mycroft, intuition telling him that he needed to stay alert because their argument was about to escalate.
"Hm. Maybe." John lowered his head, again rubbing his hair against Sherlock's face. "When I get tired of annoying you by having it long." He made one more pass of his hair across Sherlock's nose, then laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Trust me, I will. You do recall that Moriarty is familiar with Barts, as well? He was even briefly employed there."
"I don't really speak it," John said. He stepped closer to Sherlock and then sat down next to him on the floor, reaching for the box of scones. "But I can understand some of it, especially if it's simple phrases like that, spoken slowly by an Englishman like you."
Sherlock adjusted his knees to either side of John—the leg braces were going to have to come off completely. They were uncomfortable to press against even for him, and if John left them on for too long he was likely to develop pressure sores. Sherlock tried to think of a way to make removing them sexy, and wondered how John would react to that, but before he could reach any conclusions, he was interrupted by the sound of a phone buzzing against wood. John's phone, left back in the living room.
Mrs. Hudson was still being enthusiastically welcomed by Stone. She tried to push him away so she could walk further into the room, but he seemed even more persistent than usual in his need to wag his tail and sniff at her pockets. "Oh, Sherlock, John, you're both up. I thought I heard voices. I hope you don't need me to take Stony out this afternoon, because I'm going shopping for a dress for Maxine Allen's granddaughter's bat mitzvah."
"Nothing!” Rosie blurted. “Leo's out there drinking the plain punch and talking to Dad, I think. But go look at Dad's face and you'll know how boring Leo is. Dad's just being polite. But I don't want to date someone who's boring—I want someone who's interesting and exciting and smart!"
Sherlock crooked his head towards the living room just as they heard a single sharp rap on the door.
Mummy wouldn't have opened it herself—she didn't want to intrude, after all—but that bedroom door never did latch properly, and at some point in the night it had drifted open nearly all the way. Well, enough for her to see in, at least. And, of course, it wasn't her fault there was a nightlight on in the room. That caught her by surprise, until she saw Rosie was asleep in the bed, too, sprawled on her back between Sherlock and John, her head mostly on Sherlock's pillow.
"She's great. We went to the park and watched the geese and then after dinner she was tired so I got out my old sleeping bag and pretended we were camping and now she's asleep on the floor of my bedroom. You can get her in the morning. How's everything going over there?"
John raised an eyebrow but did as he was asked, sitting up to drag his legs over so he could lie at the edge of the narrow bed, flush against the metal rail. Sherlock slipped out of his shoes and tossed his coat onto John's empty wheelchair, then climbed onto the mattress to lie on his side next to him. He hadn't done this the last time John had been in hospital. He'd been too afraid of causing more damage while John was confined to bed, waiting for the swelling in his spinal cord to go down.
"Me, too. Now might not be the perfect time, but there's never going to be a perfect time. There will always be a crisis of some sort, and I don't care, I just want this. Now."
"Well, now's your chance." John raised his shoulder and tipped his head to kiss Sherlock's hand, and they moved together out of the small bathroom. A glance at each other as they passed the door to the master bedroom and they both shook their heads.
He got up and retrieved Eve from her cot, whispering to soothe her cries. She hadn't been asleep for very long, so he didn't think that she was hungry already. He checked her nappy and then turned the lights low and sat in the glider in Sherlock's room, holding her against his shoulder while he gently rocked her. He'd missed out on many nights like this with Rosie; he'd let Mary take care of her, while he'd spent his time texting a stranger he'd seen once on the bus. Eurus. And it hadn't just been her pretty smile that had attracted him to her, had it? No, there'd been danger there, too. Maybe it was simply the danger implicit in sneaking around behind Mary's back that had lured him, or maybe he had subconsciously sensed that there was something even more threatening about the girl with the long red hair. He shouldn't have done it, either way, even if it never did go beyond flirtatious text messages.
"We should ground you until you're 18," Dad said, but he dropped down onto the sofa next to her and wrapped his arms around her so tightly she could barely breathe.
"Maybe you should wait to stop your meds until your ankle's better. You don't need two things preventing you from a good night's sleep."
Sherlock brought his hands up to his head and tugged at his own hair, mind racing as he tried to determine if he might have missed someone or if Moriarty was simply trying to bait him.
The reporter spun around to face John, thrusting her voice recorder towards him. "But you can confirm that Moriarty is out of prison and behind these murders?"
John looked at him over his shoulder and gave a brief chuckle. "I don't mind. I usually like seeing the reminder the next day." He tilted his head back between Sherlock's knees. "But right now I'd appreciate a more gentle touch."
John laughed. "Sprinklers would've gone off a dozen times in the last year, every time Sherlock set something on fire."
"How can someone as tiny as you cause so much work, hmm, Eve?" John picked her up, cooing softly because he knew what he said to her was meaningless as long as he used the right tone. He settled in his chair with her tucked in the crook of his arm and gave her the bottle he had prepared. She took it easily enough, drinking enthusiastically for several minutes until her eyes began to drift shut and the nipple slipped from her mouth, sending a tiny splatter of milk spraying across his shoulder. He smiled down at her and eased the bottle away, brushing at his shirt collar with one finger—they didn't even have any proper muslin squares to use for burping her.
"Well, you're hardly going to be able to grow enough tomatoes for sauce with a single plant. Put it outside on the balcony."
"Of course I'm right. Come on, think about it. How many bank accounts did you find out about from Mary's will? Eurus is much the same, I imagine. Doubt she's written a will, though."
"The garden room." That was where most of the plants had previously been, in the large space at the back of the house that had plenty of windows but not enough insulation to be comfortable at this time of year. "I'm not sleeping in the garden room."
Mrs. Hudson poured three cups of tea, then sat on the sofa while Mrs. Holmes continued to talk to Sherlock.
"Oh no, she is definitely not mine," John said, not rising to Mycroft's bait. "Sherlock, care to explain the situation? It is your family, after all."
Sherlock carried Rosie out of the bathroom and John turned to look at himself in the mirror. Handsome was not the first word to come to mind. And the shirt was too big on him, although when he rolled up the sleeves a couple of times, it looked fairly normal.
Sherlock turned to face him, pulling away from his grasp so he could cross his arms over his chest. "I'm not embarrassed," he said, but his tone and posture, combined with the flush that John could see creeping up from his collar, put lie to his words.
"You did throw up earlier, but I'm glad you're feeling better, because we need to get out of here. If Moriarty follows his pattern, we won't hear from him again until tomorrow, but I don't want to waste that time sitting in hospital if we don't have to. Today was the closest we've come to catching him—he couldn't have been more than thirty minutes ahead of us when Mycroft and I got to that office park where he held you." He stood up from the bed, rubbing his hands together at the prospect of finally catching up to Moriarty.
Moriarty finished with the buttons, letting John’s shirt hang open over his vest. He ran his hand up John’s chest, fingers passing over the nipple ring. When he reached the top of his vest, he ran a finger along the neckline. John’s shoulders twitched once and Moriarty pulled his hand back. “Is he waking up? No, but my hands must be cold. Do you think he likes my cold hands, Sherlock? I bet he does.”
"My other hand is moving across your hip, then down to your balls, cradling them. You're sitting up too straight so I can't go any lower, but I—"
John turned back to Sherlock and frowned. "Yeah, but you weren't really going to kill yourself. You were just trying to get her to stop playing games."
"Mm-hmm." He wasn't particularly eager to dredge up the memory, but it had seemed the right thing to say at the moment.
He rolled over on the mattress and pulled his knees up to his chest. Fetal position. Nice. He really needed to—
He clasped his hands behind his back and stood his ground as she approached, glad that he had taken off his dressing gown, at least. His shirtsleeves weren't as intimidating as a jacket or his coat, but they were better than nothing.
"What? You want more of this?" Sherlock brought one hand up again and lowered his mouth to John's chest. He was on John's right side now, so he closed his teeth on the flesh around the unpierced nipple while he played with the ring with his fingers.
He grabbed his phone to use as a light source, then made his way down the hall, only stubbing his toe once along the way. Rosie's crying went up an octave when he pushed open the door to her room.
"You better be about to say you're not going to last long because that's exactly what I was about to say to you." Sherlock closed his mouth and leaned his head against John's shoulder, rocking very slightly up and down on the dildo.
Aunt Eurus didn't try to touch her, but told her to spread out her fingers and then nodded. "Yes, you'll be fine. Height isn't as important as finger strength and dexterity, anyway. Never let a man tell you that you can't do something that you want to do, okay?"
"Sherlock," John breathed, when Sherlock settled his hand at the base of John's spine, gloved fingers brushing slowly over his skin.
“Oh. You mean....” John shook his head, not in denial but because he had no idea what to say. "I think—I think that's up to you. I'm willing to do anything you want. That's always been true, for anything. This isn't any different."
"Indeed." Sherlock dropped the lube and the tree on the bed near the pillows, put one hand on his own cock and reached behind himself with the other. His eyes rolled slightly as he stroked himself front and back.
He frowned at his phone. That could mean anything—John might be in a cab en route, or still at the clinic, intending to leave but chatting with Sarah or another of his co-workers. He started to type a follow-up demanding that John be more specific, then decided that it didn't matter because he couldn't spend another minute alone here with Mycroft and Anthea. He turned to face them. "It's been lovely chatting with the two of you, but I need to take Stone over to the park."
John inhaled sharply. Sherlock was naked beneath the gown—that in itself was not unusual, especially when Rosie wasn't home, but he didn't normally walk around wearing nipple clamps beneath his clothes. The sight of the rubber-coated metal clips pinching his nipples into small, hard peaks was enough to make John not even mind the fact that the clamps were joined by a chain from which hung a pair of small, bright red bells, virtually identical to the ones Rosie had on the headband that had been driving him barmy all morning.
"Yes, please." He exhaled and let his whole body relax, pushing the dull, stubborn ache of his ankle into the distance.
Sherlock gritted his teeth at his mobile screen, then caught his breath when a third photo appeared. "He's given us a clue."
John let himself slump against the chair for a few moments, then gave up and walked around it to sit down. He wasn't hungry anymore, and knew he should go upstairs to get ready for bed. He had no reason to sit here feeling sorry for himself. Nothing had changed. Nothing had changed—that was the problem. Their friends and casual acquaintances were still making jokes about him and Sherlock being a couple and Sherlock still wasn't interested. The hugs and tiny kisses they had shared in the past few weeks hadn't meant anything more than friendship, though to John they felt like more.
John shook his head. "Well, I hope you catch him quickly. I don't like you playing games with mass murderers."
“Nothing permanent, don’t you worry. It’s just much easier to kidnap people when they’re unconscious, you know.”
"I am. I'm trying. I'm just—" He broke off, frustrated and unsure how to even describe what he felt.
"Hm. Yes. But while it has been a few hours, I'm not quite sure I'm up for another round just yet. It's been a long day."
Rosie nodded. She didn't really want to keep having this conversation now, anyway. "But...you aren't going to keep arguing, are you? Because I'm sorry I didn't tell you Aunt Eurus was here, but please don't fight about it." They hardly ever fought for real—usually they just called each other idiots and acted annoyed and then made sure to kiss before one of them left the room. Today had been different, and Rosie knew loads of kids whose parents were divorced, and Dad and Sherlock weren't even actually married. What if they were so angry they didn't want to be together anymore?
"Oh, yes, that would be perfect, if Mycroft could do that. Tell him it's Rosamund who's asking. Don't tell him I was the one that put the camera in his house, though. Please."
Unfortunately, no one, not even Daddy, had ever been able to make Mummy change her mind once she had decided on a path. "No. I will see at least one of my children happy! Mycroft, you know John better than we do. Is Eurus right? Could he be in love with Sherlock?"
"Oh, Sherlock. Hello. I thought I heard you come in." Daddy wandered out of the room at the end of the hallway. "I was just watering the plants. I do it every Sunday, except the spider plants and snake plant are every other week."
Sherlock obliged with some slow licking while he tugged at the ring and kept up a hard, fast pace on his cock. His hand was slick, now, and getting wetter with each stroke; he knew it wouldn't be long before John came. "You made me be quiet, but I want to make you scream." He pinched John's nipple between his teeth again, flicking at its tip with his tongue, and twisted the ring at the same time.
, then I should also mention that Sherlock reluctantly goes on antidepressants in that fic, after Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade convince him that he can't really help John recover if he himself is unable to function.
"You've helped me with minor medical procedures before and I know you're not usually squeamish, so get over it and do what I tell you to do. Get me a set of sheets, then go wash your hands." He knew from long experience that although Sherlock didn't always take well to commands, there were a few specific situations where he needed John to take charge, and this was definitely one of them.
“I noticed something when I dragged him out of the car, Sherlock,” Moriarty put his back to the camera and began to unbutton John’s shirt. “Something a little naughty!”
"What for?" John asked, without looking up from his laptop. She probably wanted to go out to eat with her friends—Chloe and Abby had come home with her after school, and the girls had been giggling in the living room for the past hour.
"Yes, you made the right choice." John was about to wiggle right out of his dressing gown. "Lube's in the suitcase. We finished the other tube last night."
"Not sleeping," Sherlock replied, though the sound of John's torturously slow typing may have lulled him into drifting off a bit. He was stretched out on the sofa—their own sofa, in their own flat, which they'd finally been able to return to this morning. Sherlock thought he still detected an odour of smoke in the air, but John had pronounced it fine, and Sherlock would have agreed to live in a chimney if it meant getting Mycroft to leave them alone.
"I skipped it on Saturday, Sherlock. And Mondays are always busy, plus now with Mary gone we're down a nurse. I'm going to work."
"Family issues," Dad repeated, and shook his head. "No, Sherlock is right, though. It would take a lot more than one criminally insane sibling to tear us apart." He sighed and leaned over to kiss the top of her head. "Go on up to bed, though. It's close to midnight."
"Hello, this is Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan with the Metropolitan Police. We have reason to believe that a wanted criminal may have broken into your office yesterday. We don't believe anything was stolen or damaged, but there were concerns for your own safety."
"Oh! I almost forgot why I came up here!" Mrs. Hudson took a second to peer into the mirror over the mantel and pat her hair into position, then reached into the pocket of her cardigan. "You've had a delivery, Sherlock. It came very early—I was still in my nightie."
Sherlock tensed, unsure if he wanted to argue or if he was actually relieved to have Mycroft take charge.
He cleared his throat to interrupt the conversation between her and Sherlock. When he was sure he had their attention, he asked, "What, you mean the baby book wasn't destroyed when she burned down your family's house?"
John frowned down at the phone in his hand. It looked exactly the same as it had this morning, but knowing that Eurus had taken it and used it without his permission made him want to scrub it clean, or delete everything on it and buy a new one. Instead, he opened the text app and saw that the message Sherlock had received had indeed come from it. She must have taken it while he'd been alone in the bedroom with her, checking her blood pressure, which meant she'd been planning to leave before she'd gone to have a shower—it hadn't been a spur of the moment decision. It didn't sound like she was planning to return, either; her message sounded like a farewell note, to him. A note.... "Hang on, Sherlock. Earlier, when Eurus was here, you said...." He paused, unsure if he should even bring it up. He had to, though, or Sherlock would never forgive him. "You said you thought she'd wanted to kill herself. Was that true?"
Sherlock glowered at him. "And the last person who told me I should exercise was Moriarty, right before he bombed our flat."
"Because I just realised that I thought we were friends, but I didn't know the name of your boyfriend or your cat until just now. You know a hell of a lot more about me than I know about you."
John paused to check the door behind Sherlock a few times when he first started, but once they got going he kept all his attention on Sherlock, continuing to use his hands as well as his mouth, stroking each time he pulled back to take a breath and whisper filthy words of encouragement.
They'd only made it halfway through the kitchen before Sherlock noticed the way John was moving, each push of his chair shorter than his usual smooth motions. "You all right?"
Molly hated to ask, but she had to know. "So, erm, you brought three dates tonight, right? What happened to the third one?"
Sherlock sighed and stretched his arms and legs, pushing against the arm of the sofa with his feet. He would wait a little longer to see if he could solve this problem on his own, but if no solution presented itself soon, he would have to find the courage to send an unsolicited text and hope for the best.
He took two large steps to catch up to her as she climbed, his mind racing. Clearly, the pregnancy was the reason she was here—it loomed foremost in her mind—but why would that lead her here? She intended to keep the baby, hence the protective hand across her front and her firm grip on the handrail. And even if she didn't want the child, she wouldn't come to John for help—there were plenty of other doctors with more expertise in such matters.
Sherlock tried not to smile but John knew him too well. He ate the sandwich while John questioned him about what he'd learned from examining the rings and fingers so far. He was hoping that explaining it all out loud would trigger a breakthrough, but had no such luck this time.
Sherlock blinked his eyes shut for a moment. He had not meant to dredge up this old argument again, but he knew all too well how vulnerable John was. "It's not that I don't think you're capable. But he's not playing fair. He could pick you off with a sniper or something. He won't do that to me. You've got to stay here and let Mycroft's people keep you safe."
"Yes. I tried to send you a thank you note one year, but Dad said no way." He'd been a little more colorful about it than that, but Rosie still felt funny using bad words around adults.
Sherlock stared at her, his mind threatening to short circuit, which he couldn't afford to let happen right now. "Rosie!" he called, without taking his eyes off Molly, and Rosie came running back into the room, trailing more crumpled papers and empty wrappers from her lunch box behind her.
"I mean I'm not saying relaxing your shoulders is a replacement for being properly medicated, but I know when you stopped taking it last year, you had problems sleeping—"
"You can help me hold her," Sherlock replied, and carefully took Eve from John, arranging her so her weight was on his lap but Rosie could slide her hands beneath her shoulders and feet.
John's eyebrows quirked momentarily, until he took the envelope from Sherlock's hand. He glanced down at the return address and swallowed. "That was quick," he said. He'd sent in the medical trial application less than two weeks ago.
John exhaled a shaky breath and put down his phone. Lestrade had been joking, tonight at the party, and Anderson was probably too oblivious to realize that he and Sherlock weren't actually a couple. But The Woman. Irene. She wouldn't joke about this. Was Sherlock really interested in him, after all these years? How did she know? Had she and Sherlock been texting each other...about him?
"Why do you think?" Sherlock reached into his left-hand pocket and withdrew the small foil packet he'd scrounged from the back of the drawer of John's nightstand.
Sherlock studied him, trying to deduce what John himself might not have wanted to analyse too closely.
"Yes." Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, who had joined them in a loose circle around the desk, and swallowed back a brief trickle of worry.
"Yeah, go ahead." John exhaled, then wriggled himself down further so Sherlock could pick up his feet and put them on his lap. It had been long enough that it no longer felt surreal to see Sherlock touching and moving his legs and feet without being able to feel the movement. "Go ahead and take my socks off, I know you want to." John leaned back against the sofa's armrest and let himself smile a bit as he watched Sherlock gingerly pull off his socks for him.
Sherlock and Rosie both called out to greet him when he entered the flat, but neither got up from where they sat on the floor near the Christmas tree, which had been erected in its usual spot in front of the window behind Sherlock's chair. They had a half-dozen tubes of gift wrap spread out around them and seemed to be in the middle of—oh, that was what had happened to the empty ornament boxes. They were wrapping them to use in their decorative displays. Clever, but then John expected no less from them.
"No, Sherlock. That's not what I mean." Molly unzipped the book bag and fished out several crumpled papers—the school was supposed to be paperless this year, but the message clearly hadn't made its way down to Rosie's classroom. "I don't mean send him for a massage. Give him one." She lifted her hands in the air and curled them in what he supposed was a crude imitation of rubbing someone's shoulders.
"It's Moriarty. It's not going to be quick." Sherlock started unfastening the Velcro strips on the braces so John could put them on.
Mrs. Hudson failed to take the hint. "John, you have to see what was in the paper this morning. It's the most beautiful photo of the three of you together." She put her hands out for Rosie, who happily let herself be passed off.
"My back hurt and everything I ate gave me heartburn and I've had to piss every three minutes for the last two months. Any of those symptoms unusual?"
Sherlock huffed. "The picture may be acceptable, but whoever wrote the caption couldn't even be bothered to accurately identify whose daughter she is."
"No, you idiot." Sherlock stared at him, eyebrows raised as if waiting for him to reach a conclusion.
"No, I want to see it." The segment ended, but John flipped to another station, looking for more coverage.
Sherlock shook his head. "No. No, I haven't. I told you I didn't have anything." He brought his hand up to his face and pressed his fist against his mouth and on second look, John could see all the cracks in his composure that a stranger might have missed. Wearing pyjamas in the middle of the day was normal, but he also had visible stubble on his chin and lip, which meant he'd gone at least two days without shaving, and the greasiness of his hair said he hadn't showered in that time, either. He was still a long way from the dishevelled mess he'd been the last time he'd trashed himself on drugs, but John didn't like the direction in which he seemed to be headed.
John could see a shallow rectangle had been carved into the plaster of the wall, a nook that would be completely hidden when the baseboard was in place. "What...Sherlock. What's gone? What did you have?"
"I know you know." He rolled onto his side and scooted closer to Sherlock, pulling the blankets up to both their shoulders. The sensation of lying down in their own bed was almost enough to make him relax. They'd been at the hospital since yesterday morning; Rosie had insisted they not spend another night there, and her husband had bustled them into a cab.
"That's—Sherlock, most people don't...." He took a deep breath and started again. "I hope you're right about Eurus. I really do. But I also think maybe you and I need to examine our own lives. I mean, you are right about one thing. I do find danger attractive. But I can't let that rule my life anymore."
John set Rosie down so he could gather up their belongings, and a few minutes later they left the flat together, leaving Sherlock and Eve alone for the first time.
There was an untidy pile of shoes and boots near the door; Sherlock kicked them out of the way so John could get by. The flat was small, compared to Baker Street, though not by London standards, and it lacked much in the way of interesting decor. The living room was a decent size, but the kitchen was tiny, and based on the layout of the flat, the bedroom wasn't much bigger. Sherlock opened the door and peeked in.
John paused on the pavement outside the door to Sherlock's flat. Eurus. Was she really here? In labour? He was nearly certain that this wasn't some elaborate joke Sherlock was playing, though now that he was here, he almost wished it were. The last time he'd seen her, Eurus had tried to drown him in a well. Why was he still so willing to run straight into danger just because Sherlock asked him to?
"You'd only been on the meds for a few months when I first saw the study. Everything was still kind of...." John trailed off and swallowed, and Sherlock could see that he wasn't enjoying this conversation at all, either. "I didn't want you to decide you were going to stop taking them then, when things were finally starting to get back to normal."
"Probably not." Sherlock darted across the room to hit the button for the lift while John apologised to Stone for not taking him out for a walk. Sherlock nudged the dog out of the way so they could get into the lift without him, silently cursing the loss of time compared to taking the stairs.
John worked his own pants down to his thighs, then shifted his upper body so they were touching at the shoulder. He turned his head to kiss along Sherlock's bicep. "Let's do it to each other. I don't—"
"Actually, I called the surgery and told them I wouldn't be in. Told them I needed time off for a family emergency."
"She's lost eight ounces, which is six percent of her birthweight, but I've checked and that's well within normal range."
“I think he’s going to be out for a while still, which is good, but that means I’m going to have to get him out of the cab myself. I did take his gun off him already, just in case he does wake up. What do you think, Sherlock? Can I drag him out of my cab and get him into that wheelchair of his by myself? Or is he heavier than he looks?”
John tried to remember if there was anything that he'd learned in Mary's childbirth classes that could help make the contractions easier to bear. He'd only gone to the last two sessions, after he and Mary had reconciled on Christmas Day. He wasn't about to offer to massage Eurus through a contraction, though, or try to walk her around the flat or offer a water birth—God knew when Sherlock had last cleaned his bathtub. And he suspected it was too late for most of the measures designed to make her more comfortable, anyway.
"And here I thought he just liked your pretty eyes," she said, and then pressed her lips closed with a smile.
Sherlock shook his head, sliding away from the swing until he hit the back of his chair. He pulled his knees up to his chest, clasping the fabric of his pyjama bottoms so tightly in his fists that John thought it would rip. "I'm not good at these ordinary things that most people can do. You know that. Why would you think I can do this?"
"Maybe she got spooked once Eve was actually born and she realised what that meant. Or maybe she knew you would find out and she didn't want to go back to prison. It would be hard to go on the run with an infant."
John flinched as Sherlock entered him, but they'd done this often enough that he knew he didn't need to stop. John relaxed almost immediately, and Sherlock continued to press his way in until his hips met John's arse, then paused, letting his senses take over. All of his thoughts about viruses and illness and social distancing and quarantines and everything that had happened over the last few weeks shrank away as he focused on the sensation of being inside John. Even with the barrier of the condom between them, the feeling was still so intense it was nearly overwhelming.
"Yeah, I think so." John yawned and blinked his eyes shut for a moment. "She's snoring, at least. She kept down the last few sips of water that I gave her, and her temperature is almost back to normal."
"Yeah. Well. I guess I showed him, huh?" John smiled, just a little, and reached out to sort through the mail that Sherlock had already dismissed.
"No! Cold!" She pulled her hands away and crossed her arms. Her glare was also very much like John's.
"I admit I have become lax in my tab-keeping." Mycroft sighed, pulling out the chair Sherlock had been using earlier so he could sit down across from John. "I rather thought it had become your job, Sherlock. Isn't that what a husband is supposed to do? Keep track of everything your spouse does in his free time?"
"She's fine. Almost ready—any minute now, really. We should get back." He resisted the urge to grab Sherlock by the arm and drag him down the hallway only because he'd already changed his gloves twice, and Sherlock was probably dusty from digging through the mess of storage he had up in the cupboards of John's old room. "Go wash your hands and put on gloves like I told you to do earlier. Just in case I need your help."
He slipped a finger beneath the seal and tore it open, revealing a plain sheet of white paper folded around several pages that had been ripped from a journal.
John forced a smile as she tittered—he knew she indulged Rosie's sweet tooth much more than he liked when she watched her, but that wasn't high on his list of concerns right now. "I'm not planning on staying long enough for breakfast. I was just about to check in with Sherlock and then I'll be off."
"Oh, Myke." Mrs. Holmes reached across the sofa and patted him on the knee. "You do have a soft heart in there somewhere, don't you?"
"I don't know. I'm more worried about John—if the power's out, he might be stuck up there." He turned away from her, taking one long stride to reach their front door.
"I called Kelly—she's the one I went to school with—and told her I had already paid for a week at a resort in Mallorca, but that something came up and I couldn't go, so they could go in my place, as long as they could leave immediately. They were thrilled."
"Excellent." Sherlock opened his hand and let the card fall to the floor—John wouldn't mind. One of them would pick it up later. "Come here. Happy Valentine's Day." He pulled John into his arms, holding him tight against his chest. He could feel a heart beating between them, fast but steady. He wasn't even sure who it belonged to, but it didn't matter, because he knew that both their hearts were beating for the same thing.
The noises in the hallway grew louder and the door banged open, admitting two agents and Mycroft into the office. Mycroft pulled up short, several metres away from John. "Is he all right?"
"Not to me, no. I don't—" What more was he supposed to say? That he would forget what he’d seen Sherlock doing on the sofa? That would be a lie; the image of Sherlock with his cock in his hand had already etched itself into his permanent memory.
"I know." Sherlock stepped over to the luggage rack and rummaged in the suitcase until he found the new tube. "You do realize that I plan to use this on myself first, right?"
Sherlock pulled his phone from his pocket, briefly locking eyes with John before he looked at it. John nodded once, then reached past his ringing mobile to hit the speakerphone button on the landline.
—though he did recall saying something very similar himself, the first time he'd seen John using the braces.
"I'll complain if I want to," John said, and pumped his hips twice, arse waggling inches from Sherlock's face. ""Put your fingers back, now. Please. I need—"
"I'm going to need the table cleared off by dinner time," John said, as he set the bags of groceries that had just been delivered down on the worktop.
"Hmm," Sherlock said, as if considering that as a possibility. He pushed himself away from the worktop he'd been leaning against and held out a hand to John.
"Well, it doesn't matter now, does it? You don't need them anymore because they found the bodies they came from. Greg says to meet him there as soon as you can. He'll text you the address."
"Well, I won't keep you two lovelies. I'm headed to lunch with a blind date but I didn't want to be early so I took a walk through the park—glad I bumped into you!"
"Not particularly, no." Sherlock's shoulders drooped and he leaned back against the sofa cushion, head touching the wall.
Sherlock closed the door, then immediately saw the problem. "She'll want to play with the toys while she's supposed to be paying attention to her schoolwork." He should have realized that sooner; he'd been the one home with her every day while John was at work.
"Oh, we'll need more than that," Sherlock said, glancing down at his phone. "Mycroft says he's out front right now, trying to decide how many of his security force to station outside the building."
Rosie smiled. "Yeah, I don't know why. I just liked it." She did know why; it was because when she was around five or six, she'd asked Sherlock why the candles were pink and purple instead of all red like most of the wreaths she saw at Christmastime were. Sherlock had looked it up on his phone and said the pink and purple were more common in other countries. Then he kept reading to her, about how there was one candle for each week of Advent, and that each one had a special meaning in the church. It was too much for her to remember it all back then, but Sherlock had said the color of the pink candle was actually called rose, so she didn't forget that, because that was her candle. And the fourth purple candle symbolized Mary—she wouldn't forget that, either, because Jesus wasn't the only one whose mother was called Mary. In her head, young Rosie had decided that the other two candles stood for Dad and Sherlock, and the wreath was her whole family. And it was okay that they never lit any of the candles, because that way she got to keep all of them together, even if she'd never met her mum.
John snorted a laugh, and the tension in the room began to dissipate. Sherlock glanced behind him to catch John surreptitiously wiping at his mouth before speaking. "I guess I'm the only one who's going to apologise, Greg," John said. "Sorry. I didn't know what else to do to help him figure out this case. Thought this might clear his mind, maybe trigger a breakthrough."
"He was here but he, er, left," John said, leaving out the fact that he'd gone because he didn't want to see her.
They stared at each other for a moment, then John smiled and leaned back in his chair, hands spread across the arm rests. "We did it, Rosie. We're moved in." His gaze passed over her and Sherlock again, then he turned away, towards the fireplace. "I'm going to start a fire, so we can be cozy and warm in our new home. How does that sound?"
"If our genetic legacy is so questionable, brother dear, then you can't be suggesting that we allow someone else to raise her. They wouldn't have a chance. I'm her best hope."
"Don't complain," Sherlock said, and straightened up again. The inside of the mask was starting to feel damp against his chin and nose, more from his breathing than from the attempted kiss. He wasn't going to take it off, though, not until they were done.
John leaned into the kiss for just a moment, then pulled away, feeling himself blush at the idea that they had just kissed for an audience. Rosie didn't seem to notice at all, but Mrs. Hudson uttered a small squeal.
"Yes." Sherlock nodded, trying not to stare too openly at John's lips and throat as he chewed and swallowed. He cut his gaze to Rosie, instead, who lifted the plate of biscuits towards him.
Sherlock half-wished he'd continued to look away. It was easier to talk when they weren't looking directly at one another. "What if I can't do it?"
Sherlock squinted at her briefly but turned and left the room, and after a moment's hesitation, John did, too. When he was finished in the loo, he went into the kitchen to find Sherlock standing in front of the open fridge.
He took a deep breath and let Mummy coax him out of his coat, then allowed himself to be led into the kitchen, though the tea she made for him sat untouched. Mrs. Hudson tried to refill the sugar bowl but instead spilled it all over the floor; somehow Sherlock found himself helping to move the fridge-freezer and sweep the floor beneath it.
John had already thought that Eurus was the most in-control woman in labour he'd ever seen, but now that it was time to push, she showed even more discipline. Not too slow, not too fast—which he'd been afraid of, because he really didn't want to have to give her stitches—just a few strong, measured pushes and he was catching the baby, who gave a hearty cry as soon as she was in John's hands.
Sherlock sighed and slumped in his chair. Two turns later, Donovan stole the candles from Lestrade and Lestrade ended up with a bottle of wine, but Sherlock was too bored to gloat.
Once her contraction passed, he got her to lie down and sent Sherlock into the loo to fetch the blood pressure cuff and stethoscope. He was willing to spare him the sight of his sister's cervix for the time being, though he was likely to see more than he wanted to by the time this was over.
Mycroft grimaced at him and Mrs. Hudson chastised him. "Oh, Sherlock, have some sense. What if that bag springs a leak?"
Sherlock felt a ridiculous bloom of warmth in his chest at the statement. He let himself grin as he carried John through the flat to the bedroom, grateful that he made an effort to keep wide paths clear for John's wheelchair because it meant less chance of tripping over something now.
"Those are snowflakes, Rosie. It's snowing." He moved her so that he was holding her on his hip with one arm and held his other hand out flat, allowing a few flakes to land on his glove.
John stood across the room from them, stroking Eve's back with his free hand and watching Mycroft's face for any clue as to what he was hearing.
"Yeah, come on in," John called over his shoulder, from where he sat on the floor of the bathroom. Rosie was in the tub in front of him, sitting in a foot of warm water, hugging her knees to her chest.
"No," Eurus said, and crossed her arms over her chest. "I can't. Not yet. I will, but not yet. You keep her for now," she said, leaving John standing at her bedside, her new-born daughter still crying in his arms.
He sighed and turned away from watching John adjust his coat to make sure it completely hid the holster. "We won't go far. Just a bit of a walk." He saw Mummy throw a quick glance at John at Sherlock's use of the word "walk," and saw John ignore her look.
The bedroom suddenly felt too small, and the lingering scent of Eurus's blood and sweat turned his stomach. He pressed his lips together to stop himself from gagging, then turned and nearly ran from the room.
"I'm not going to judge him solely on looks. I want to check what he's posted on social media, to see if he deserves a date with you."
"Oh, I'd only just started. I like to take things slow, don't you? It's no fun if the game is over too soon. I had lots more fun and games planned." He sighed and brought the hand holding the gun up again, using the barrel to scratch at the side of his face. "But then this morning you said you didn't want to play anymore." He shook his head. "How did you think this was going to end, Sherlock? Did you think we would shake hands and part ways?" He raised his empty right hand as if to shake, then dropped it again. "Did you think I would realise you love Johnny and throw myself from the roof in despair?" He made the whistling sound again; it sounded much more sinister now. "No." He pointed the gun at Sherlock once more, his hand steady. "I could shoot you in the head right now, put an end to all those clever thoughts of yours." He aimed the gun at Sherlock's face for one interminable heartbeat before lowering it. "But maybe you're right. Maybe I don't want to kill you. It would be a waste of a beautiful mind, after all."
of that fic. John is supposed to wear them for a little while every day to help keep his bones and muscles in shape, though they aren't expected to ever be a practical means of locomotion. He hates them and really doesn't like other people to see him wearing them. Someone asked what they look like so here's a couple of examples (his are probably not pink):
John tried to give him a smile. He knew that Sherlock didn't really understand, not in the same way that someone who had grown up without money could, but he appreciated the sentiment all the same.
John sat in front of the mirror, shirtless, wearing only a pair of sleeping shorts. He glanced over his shoulder when Sherlock opened the door, then picked up a tube of styling gel. "I hate having to use this before I go to bed, but it's the only way to keep my hair out of my eyes. I don't like smelling it all night, though." He wrinkled his nose and then spread a clump through his hair with his fingers before using a comb to arrange it off his forehead.
They each took two steps and met in the middle of the room. John slid his arms around Sherlock's waist, pulling him close, then leaned his face against his shoulder, seized by a sudden insecurity. "I hope this isn’t a mistake."
The unexpected embrace reminded Sherlock of last December. This year was so much better—he no longer had to worry about what John might really feel for him, and they could kiss and hug each other whenever they wanted. He tipped his head down to find John's lips, and they kissed until Rosie came back out of the kitchen to demand the hot chocolate she had been promised.
Eurus wriggled the little finger on her left hand, testing the grip of the tiny fist Eve had wrapped around it. "I can see why Sherlock likes you."
John lifted his head to look up at him. "What if we're just doing this because we're exhausted and overwhelmed and turning to each other for comfort?"
Rosie shook her head, but then nodded. "All right. I'll try it. This will probably be easier than bringing them each home to meet you two without any outside witnesses."
"Go on," John said, when Sherlock tried to wave him into the row ahead of him. "You can sit next to your brother. I want to be near the end so I can get out and film from up close when it's time for her solo."
"I—" He didn't know what he thought, but he knew he was seeing the truth on John's face. "No. But why...?"
"Er, yeah." He frowned, not positive that they were talking about the same thing. "We're together. Now."
Mycroft's jaw clenched. "Yes. Thank you for that advice. Believe me, there have been repercussions for everyone whose actions or lack thereof enabled his escape."
If it hadn’t been his only connection to John, Sherlock would have picked up a log from the fireplace and smashed in the television screen. Instead he sank down onto the sofa in front of it, briefly glancing at his phone in case Moriarty was trying to contact him again. Nothing.
John settled himself on his side and reached for Sherlock's hand. "Look, I'm not going to say it isn't complicated. I mean, I know personally and as a doctor, mental health is never really simple. We just have to do the best we can."
Sherlock pursed his lips in displeasure, but the rejection wasn't enough to dampen his mood. He snatched the apple John had washed for his lunch and bit into it, appetite suddenly flaring. "One of the Crawfords must have worked for Moriarty," he said, words a bit garbled around his mouthful of apple.
When they'd finished, John pressed his whole body against Sherlock's for a moment, then stepped away. "I'd love to take you into the bedroom and call you Jean-Luc, but I think that will have to wait until Rosie is in bed tonight. But perhaps for now I can interest you in a few episodes of The Next Generation, for old times' sake?" He raised his eyebrows in invitation, and laughed out loud when Sherlock finally gave him a silent nod of agreement.
"Let me see." John craned his neck and Sherlock tapped on the screen to enlarge it and then tilted the phone towards him. A well-maintained, semi-detached house filled the screen, the edges of neighbouring homes just visible to either side.
"Lube." He reached blindly for the tube and Sherlock shoved it into his hands. John squeezed it out onto him, spreading it up and down before he positioned himself over his cock. Slowly, slowly, he eased himself over the head, pausing to sort out the rest of his body until his arms and legs were wrapped around Sherlock's back. He let himself sink the rest of the way down, the sounds coming from Sherlock as he moved almost as satisfying as feeling his cock inside him. "Oh, Sherlock. I'm—"
"You can have some, too!" Rosie ran back into the kitchen and returned a moment later, walking slowly with a platter clasped between her two small hands. A pile of heart-shaped biscuits had been artistically arranged on the platter, clearly the work of Mrs. Hudson.
"Rosie!" John called after her, knowing that Eve was going to wake up but unable to ignore his upset child. "Erm, excuse me, I need to—" He turned on his heel and jogged out of the room, leaving the others clustered around Eve's cot.
"Thank you, Grandad!" Rosie bounced off John's lap and into Grandad's arms. He caught her and then guided her back into bed with the ease of a man who had done the same thing many times in his life.
He sighed and stepped past the small Christmas tree to push open the door to the flat, expecting a disaster of decorating debris and either a small child or a large man to meet him at the door with a litany of complaints.
Everything was ready; everything was done. The gifts were wrapped, the cards were mailed, the flat was decorated, Rosie was asleep and tomorrow they would drive to Gram and Grandad's after they spent a leisurely morning here together. Well, as leisurely as Christmas morning with a toddler was likely to be.
"I think someone is trying to delay her bedtime," John said, but stepped out of the way again to let Sherlock give her a hug.
"What? No." Sherlock looked up and met his eyes. "Of course not. I swear to you, I would never do that."
He blinked down at her to see that she was still wearing nothing but socks. He spied her rain boots by the door and helped her get her feet into them—usually she could manage on her own, but he wanted to leave as quickly as possible before Molly made this any more awkward.
After meeting his stare for a few moments, Sherlock lowered his gaze and closed the notebook. "I don't know if I could ever catch up to her. But. If I discovered that she had committed a more serious crime than what I've found so far...."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but whatever disapproving remark he was about to make was drowned out by sirens as the first fire engine turned onto Baker Street.
Before he went to pick up Rosie from Molly's, John stopped home. He packed an overnight bag for each of them, then added more clothes, just in case. He was supposed to work tomorrow, but no one at the surgery would be surprised if he told them he needed the day off. In fact, maybe now was the time to take that leave of absence he'd refused after Mary died. He could help Sherlock with Eve, let Rosie adjust to the idea of moving, get the house ready to put on the market. Yes. Finally. He was moving back to Baker Street.
John hesitated for only a moment before taking his outstretched hand and letting Sherlock help him get to his feet.
"Oh, Stony, hang on, just a minute. Let me get it out of the bag for you at least." Mrs. Hudson tried to push the dog out of the way, but John had to pull him back so she could enter the flat.
Sherlock took her back from John, and they moved into the living room so Sherlock could sit in his chair while he fed her the bottle. When she'd finished drinking and emitted a tiny, satisfied burp, he put her into the baby swing that had been set up near the window. She was dwarfed by the size of it, but Sherlock reclined it nearly flat, tightened the belts and buckles so she was secure and set it to the lowest speed.
"I have my mother and Mrs. Hudson staying in the same building, John. Do you think I'm likely to go hungry?"
By the time they were done eating, Eve had fallen asleep in the swing and Rosie had lost interest in both her and all the toys she'd spread across the room. John took her into the loo to give her a bath while Sherlock put Eve down to sleep in his bedroom.
When they were done, Sherlock brought out a bottle of wine and they sat in their chairs by the fireplace, feet tangled together in familiarity. "The box all the way to the left is for you," Sherlock said, pointing with his almost-empty wine glass.
John moaned, even though Sherlock was the one who slowly settled himself down until he was sitting, knees bent, arse resting on his feet, dildo inside him as far as it was designed to go. "How is it?" John asked, his voice sounding low and hoarse to his own ears.
John did as he was told, hopping briefly on one foot while he took off each sock. "Do you want me to wear a mask?"
"Nope, no way. You are not leaving me to go face her alone. Towels can wait. We'll buy you a new mattress if she bleeds all over it."
"Between four and seven p.m. yesterday, my household surveillance footage shows nothing but a loop that had been recorded earlier in the day. I was out of the house at the time, first at work and then chauffeuring you and John about town. Someone must have entered the building and planted the rogue camera during that time frame." Mycroft straightened the sleeves of his jacket but Sherlock saw the shiver that the motion was meant to hide.
He set the phone down and leaned back against his pillow to wait. He knew it wouldn't be long. Yet when the phone rang less than a minute later, he almost didn't answer it. He closed his eyes and picked it up in the middle of the third ring, hitting the answer button without saying a word.
Sherlock lifted the huge calendar, causing a cascade of pens, pencils and paper clips to fall across the desk and floor. He turned it so John and Donovan could see, tapping his finger on the yellow highlighter mark that spanned the current week.
He crossed to the desk and pulled the chair out, setting it opposite the fireplace, in line to make a triangle with their armchairs.
Sherlock lifted a hand to his chest and gave the chain a slight pull, making himself gasp and lean forward, which caused the bells to jingle.
"Sherlock!" John drew his hands in even closer to himself, edging away from him on the sofa. "I wouldn't—I promised myself and I've really been working on...." He stopped and started again, voice lower. "Do you have any idea how many hours I've spent in therapy dealing with the fact that I hit you when you couldn't fight back?"
"I used up all the batteries for the lanterns listening to my CDs in my workshop this summer," Grandad said.
study on dementia, he didn't really think he'd become any slower since he started the amitriptyline. Moriarty was just hard to catch because his moves were random and he was careful to leave no trail to follow, except when he wanted to be found.
Mycroft pulled the laptop back across the table. "He can't kill you, John. He knows that if he killed you, he would lose any chance of ever winning Sherlock's heart."
The kettle was still warm, but had less than a cup's worth of water, so John refilled it and opened the cabinet, only to find that their regular supply of tea cups and mugs had been replaced by a Christmas-themed set. He sighed. Sherlock's parents had given them the set a few years ago, but John much preferred to drink out of their regular cups. "Where are all the normal tea cups?"
"Well." John raised his eyebrows. "After yesterday afternoon, I now know the secret to getting you to sleep."
An hour later, as the cab pulled up to the address Lestrade had provided, Sherlock refrained from asking John if he was sure about using the braces in public, for fear of the answer. He simply unloaded them from the cab's boot while John got out of the car, and—
He had known John for the better part of fifteen years. They'd been together since Rosie was a toddler, and now she had almost reached double digits. In that time, Sherlock had learned a great deal about John. He knew and mostly concurred with his parenting philosophy, he respected his expertise in medicine as well several scientific disciplines in which Sherlock's own knowledge was lacking, and he trusted that John loved both him and Rosie unconditionally and without hesitation. But he did not understand why John believed in God.
"I understand what you're saying, John, but it's complicated. I don't think cutting Eurus off from any sympathetic human contact is the answer. I think perhaps if she hadn't been locked up as a very young child, if she'd instead had access to better mental health care and allowed to maintain some contact with our whole family instead of just Mycroft and Uncle Rudy, she may have ended up with a very different life."
Moriarty kept talking. "Do you know how much trouble I went through to get that smoke bomb? And I timed it just right. I thought you'd be so proud of me, how I waited for everyone to leave your flat. I should've set it off while your brother was still there, given him a good scare. But I didn't! I was a good boy, wasn't I?"
John woke up to the sound of Rosie crying. Which was unusual—she was almost four now, and while she cried occasionally if she was injured or unhappy, it certainly wasn't the norm for her, especially not in the middle of the night. Maybe it was the novelty of sleeping here at her grandparents' house—well, Sherlock's parents, but everyone had long ago agreed that they were family.
Eurus's nose wrinkled. "I want her to have the same initials as I do without having to spell her name for everyone she meets."
Sherlock moaned, but not loudly, and the sound was further muffled by the fact that John's mouth was over his at the time. Still, John pulled back from the kiss, letting go of Sherlock's hair. "You have to be quiet, remember."
"She go to bed for you, or does she want me to come up?" John hadn't been sure if Rosie would sleep here without him, although they'd moved the travel cot back upstairs, so she wouldn't be in the full-size bed on her own.
"Oh, is that how it is?" Fletcher took a few running steps towards the door, as if he could physically prevent Sherlock from leaving the office. "I have connections, you know. Lots of media connections. Do you want the big story in the news tomorrow to be about how the great detective Sherlock Holmes doesn't care about solving cases anymore, because he'd rather be at home with his family?"
John wrinkled his nose, returning his attention to tightening the bolts on his casters. "The one who called himself a consulting criminal?"
After a brief explanation of the situation, Sherlock led the officers into the house. When he came back outside, two paramedics had taken over from John and were in the process of loading the girl into the back of an ambulance. He was too far away to see if she had opened her eyes.
"Sh'wock!" Rosie announced, and threw herself into his arms. He tried to lower her to the floor—she could certainly walk when she wanted to—but she wrapped her small arms around his neck, her head butting against his chin. "Sh'wock," she said again, more softly this time, and he exhaled against her hair. Maybe having the photo appear in the newspaper wasn't the worst thing that could happen. Rosie might enjoy having a copy of it when she was older. As long as the general public didn't start to believe that nonsense that said he had a softer side.
“Fuck you.” John let go of the wheel and let his hands fall behind his back again. He lifted his shoulders and lowered his head, looking like a rugby player preparing to tackle.
John reacted first, letting Sherlock's cock slide from his mouth with a curse. He dropped his hands to the rims of his chair, tried to push himself back, then cursed again when the chair didn't move because he hadn't unlocked the wheels.
"It's okay, sweetie." John tried to turn her around but she wouldn't loosen her grip on his arm. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Holmes. She's a little shy around people she doesn't see often."
John nodded. "No one's been able to reach her. The police are on their way to her office now. I told Mycroft we'll meet them there."
Since they were more likely to be recognised if they were together, they split up, with Sherlock going to the nearby car park to select a suitable vehicle while John waited for him. Finding a car was easy; spending ten minutes alone while he wasn't sure if John would be able to elude Mycroft's guards was hellish. He nearly hyperventilated when he pulled up to the kerb where they'd agreed to meet and John wasn't there, but then a woman with a pram moved and he saw him, waiting in the shadow of the building.
"No." Sherlock sat up straight and frowned at him. "Why would she need to steal a card? I'm sure she has dozens of anonymous bank accounts. How else would she have survived ten months out on her own without leaving a trail of burglaries for Mycroft to discover?"
"I think that's a bit of an exaggeration," John told her. "All we did was escort a family out of the building. It wasn't even on fire. Though Sherlock does look heroic, doesn't he?"
"I—" He looked down at Rosie, who had managed to shove most of her belongings into her bag. "Are you ready, then? Let's get going."
He turned to check the time on the digital clock next to the bed, but couldn't see it—the power must have gone out. That would probably be enough to make Rosie cry, if she woke up in a strange room in the pitch dark.
"You heard what he said." Sherlock leaned forward slightly in his chair, still doing an admirable job of pretending to be calm and in control.
Mycroft didn't rise to Sherlock's taunting, which made almost as much of an impression on Sherlock as his next words. "If you'll recall, before we locked him up, Moriarty was targeting you, Sherlock. Playing a game, trying to entice you, and when he attempted to kidnap John we speculated it was to remove him from the picture so he would have you to himself."
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, frowning, then asked, "Who texted you? Not Eurus, I hope. She's not supposed to have access to a mobile."
Now I have a few days off from writing before I start this year's Advent Ficlets, and after that I'm planning on writing some parentlock where Eurus shows up at Baker Street in labor and things go downhill from there.
"Not food messes," Sherlock said. He strode into the kitchen, plucked a napkin from the pile on the table, then returned to the living room to hand it to Rosie. "And your father always makes me clean up all my messes when I'm done with them." He shot a glance at John to ensure that they would have a united front, even if it meant bending the truth a bit.
"Say it's your fault. It's not. Don't even think it. I chose my life with you. I will always choose our life together. I wouldn't trade it for anything."
Sherlock put his hand over the t-shirt that John had seen in the drawer, one that John himself had bought at a concert when he was in uni. “I don’t even know what a U2 is,” Sherlock said. “I must have accidentally mixed some of your laundry with mine at some point." He pulled a plain grey shirt out from beneath it, and held it out to John.
"Like maybe not killing so many people?" John wasn't trying to be light-hearted, but God, this whole situation was frankly ridiculous if he thought about it for too long.
"You can't take the chocolates. There could be nuts in them. Your daughter has a nut allergy, and you have her for Christmas Day this year. What would your ex do if she found out?"
"Don't steal any of Mrs. Hudson's medications, all right?" He paused. "Though it might be worth thinking about if you want to get your own prescription. Just a few pills, a low dose. Might help take the edge off when you're really desperate." He was certain that Sherlock would meet any clinical definition of anxiety, and it would be better for him to have a legitimate way to treat it when he needed to instead of self-medicating.
"All these years?" Sherlock straightened up from his slumped position. "You knew all these years? Why didn't you ever say anything to me?"
"See baby sister now!" Rosie darted past John and banged open the door to the flat, disappearing inside.
He adjusted his position so he could get his arms under the girl's shoulders and waist and lift her—she was bigger than she had been in the photo Moriarty had sent, but still weighed very little. He guessed she was about eight years old, and weighed perhaps four stone at the most.
John wouldn't have minded if they'd kept talking, though he knew he should get some sleep. But that was always how it was, wasn't it? He was willing to do almost anything, as long as Sherlock was involved.
He could use the railing in the stairwell for support, though, and once they were down the stairs he knew John would let him sit on his lap.
Apparently being unable to solve a case manufactured by an obsessed criminal who was making John vaguely jealous was enough to dampen his spirits in spite of the medication.
John twisted his head to watch over his own shoulder, and saw Sherlock drop the bottle of lubricant into his jacket pocket, then tear open the condom wrapper.
"Hey." John blinked sleepily at him, though he definitely looked and sounded more alert than he had been. "Didn't see you there with all the nurses fussing over me. Kind of overkill just to get my vitals."
"You can use it, but can I see it for a second, first?" John lunged past him and grabbed the dildo before Sherlock could reply. Good quality silicone, a base wide enough to be safe, a star on top that seemed unlikely to break off easily. Safe to use, and the branches flared out just the right amount, in John's experienced opinion. Also, it was completely washable, which meant he was going to get to use it next time.
Sherlock took a step so he was standing in between John and Mary. "You said she switched schedules so she's been spending more time in your office. Her hair was gumming up the wheels of your chair. She gave you a tomato plant as a gift!" He glared at Mary. "It died."
John dropped his hand back to the ground and cried out, unable to stop the sound any more than he was able to stop himself from coming, his whole body shuddering as his cock spasmed and spurted over Sherlock's fingers and the grey rubber floor of the prison cell they were in.
Sherlock sighed. "I'll consider it. Now, go. Fetch Rosie and return to me." His grin seemed real, and John's own anxiety eased considerably.
Sherlock shook his head. "Maybe once I would have said yes, when I was much younger, but I know that there's quite a bit of value to be had in the world outside of my own head. Eurus never learned that. She never learned how to live in a world with other people at all."
"Oh, for God's sake, Sherlock. Just take it." She moved across the kitchen and yanked open one of the drawers, then pulled out a zippered plastic bag. "Here. You can put it in your coat and it won't leak on you. Just ask him. Okay?"
Lestrade tipped his phone screen towards Sherlock, as if he could read his text from more than a body's length away. "The media just got wind of the murders, and reporters are on the way. Not sure you want to explain why you're here, at what looks like a perfectly straightforward murder scene."
Mycroft droned on about the cameras and Sherlock burrowed further into John's arms. John threaded the fingers of his right hand into the hair on the back of Sherlock's head and began to softly massage his neck, continuing until Mycroft tried to insist that they have one of his people stationed at Baker Street at all times.
Mary nodded. "I went to nursing school with Gemma's girlfriend, and I thought she'd be a good fit when John said you were looking for someone to talk to last year."
Mycroft sighed. No, it would not be wonderful. Sherlock and John being together any more than they already were would likely make his life a living hell, just on sheer principle.
Rosie bounced up from the sofa and ran through the open door out into the hallway, returning a moment later dragging a doll-sized pram behind her. "I can push Mr. Bear in it!"
"Molly wouldn't give me even a single body part to take home." He stepped back to let John get into the lift first, then followed him in, nudging Stone so they would all fit. "And I knew you were the reason she texted me this morning. Do you really think I need someone to supervise me when you're not around?"
John pushed himself up so he was upright in Sherlock's arms, his head nearly brushing the ceiling, and threw himself backwards towards the mattress, catching Sherlock off guard. He tried to let go but was pulled down with him, landing on top of him on the bed, which worked out even if it hadn't been his plan.
"God help us all." Mycroft frowned at the cot again, then turned back to Sherlock. "Regardless of how suited you think you may be as a parent, I assume that this child does, in fact, have a father already. We'll need to locate him, of course."
"Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean to—" He slid back a few inches on Sherlock's legs and wondered if he should make an attempt to hide the bulge that was clearly visible though his own trousers.
John lowered the journal he'd been reading, his whole body suddenly gone cold with trepidation. "Do you have another sibling that I don't know about, Sherlock?"
"Fascinating," Eurus said, her gaze fixed on Sherlock as he crossed the room to open the chest that held his bed linens.
"What do you think happened? Moriarty happened." Sherlock turned to glare at Mycroft, accidentally whacking John in the chest with his elbow.
He went back to his spot at the kitchen table while Mrs. Hudson prattled on. "And then I stopped at a new gluten-free bakery. I've never had a problem with gluten myself, but I thought I'd see what all the fuss was about." Sherlock perked up a bit. He enjoyed gluten as well, but if there was enough sugar in whatever she'd bought for him he would eat it anyway. "And they had the cutest little doggie treats. Shaped just like puppies! I had to buy a dozen. I knew Stone would love them."
John gave him the most non-threatening smile he could manage, so Sherlock would understand that he wasn't being teased. "It's okay. Really."
"Do you have any idea how much it cost to rebuild this building? She's supposed to be in prison! Why isn't she in prison? Why is she sitting on your sofa with a baby instead of sitting in prison, Sherlock?"
"Rosie's not here," he said, and tried to wedge himself further in between Mrs. Hudson and the door. "She spent the night at Molly's."
"Most two-and-a-half-year-olds sound like that, Mummy." He made no move to join Rosie inside the box.
Rosie hadn't played in the snow since she was a little girl, but after being cooped up indoors during the storm, she let Dad and Sherlock talk her into going outside with them. It was funny, because she remembered having to beg them to go to the park and play with her, and now it was the other way around.
It was a brief kiss, chaste, of course, though far, far different from any kiss Sherlock had shared before, and not simply because it was with John. It was if a small spark of electricity passed between them, though there was no carpet in the room likely to have given them a shock. Kissing John was simply...electrifying.
I am planning on writing a longer fic with Eurus next, but Rosie is still going to be a toddler in it, so this is my only chance to explore how the situation might look from Rosie's POV.
When he finally stopped coughing, Sherlock handed him the water glass and watched as he took a long sip. "I do wish you'd thought to bring your stethoscope with you when they sent you home for quarantine."
"You don't have to get snippy about it." Sherlock dropped down to sit cross-legged on the floor and began to paw through the numerous plastic bags that had been in the box.
"Oh." Sherlock put his hands into the pockets of his dressing gown and then drew them out again, still empty. "Sorry about that. I had to turn the sound off on my phone so it wouldn't wake Eve when I put it in her cot."
He started with his neck, trying to loosen the muscles without making John wince too much. Even with the different shirt, it was hard for Sherlock to keep the memory of Moriarty putting his hands all over him out of his head.
"Hello, John," Sherlock said, voice raspy and thick. "I think I must have closed my eyes and dozed off for a few minutes. When did you get home?"
"Can't wait to see you!" Moriarty cackled and Sherlock hit the button to end the call, cutting off the sound.
"You always did like that, when you were a kid," Dad said, now. "Even when it got faded and kind of sad-looking."
"Okay." Molly tried not to react to the fact that Rosie preferred the store-bought to the ones she had made herself. She stood up, then bent to give her a quick hug. "I'm sorry none of your dates worked out tonight. How did you even come up with the idea to bring three people all at once?"
John walked past him, the current of lust that was pulsing through him spiking as the silk of Sherlock's dressing gown brushed against his hand. Sherlock had been masturbating on the sofa, and now....
John lowered his eyes. He had said that, often, mostly as a defence mechanism when people assumed he and Sherlock were a couple. But he'd never said the rest of it out loud. "I'm bisexual."
"And I wouldn't want to miss my goodnight kiss from such a wonderful little girl." Solving the case had put him into an ebullient mood. He crossed the room, making a mental note to tell John about the case later tonight instead.
Mycroft cleared his throat as he straightened his tie. "Sherlock has always lacked a sense of self-preservation. As very recently demonstrated by his failure to notify me that Eurus was here in this flat. Though, frankly, I expected better than that of you, Doctor Watson. May I have my phone back, now, please?"
John knew Sherlock hadn't told her that Eve would be staying here permanently, but of course she was his mother—she'd probably deduced it on her own.
It was either that or up to the top floor, but there'd been no indication that the building's other tenants had anything to do with the Crawfords' murders.
"Sure, that's fine, Rosie. I should go back out to the party and be sociable, I guess, but I can steal a couple of mince pies for you if you want."
Mycroft left shortly after that and Lestrade and Molly retreated into the kitchen to eat their dinner. Sherlock considered continuing to rage against the unfairness of the situation, but he knew it could be worse. They'd be at Baker Street tomorrow, and once they were home he could get around Mycroft's security measures if the need arose.
“I can’t let him go. I told you—weren’t you listening? He’s passed out in the back of the cab. Funny how fast that gas works. I just closed the window between us, turned the little valve, and boom—he was out before he even knew what was happening.”
Sherlock reached the door into the flat and pulled it open, startling the guard who was stationed at the bottom of the stairs.
"You know I only have it for emergencies. And if I'm with you and there's an emergency, I can just use yours."
Rosie was in a much better mood after she napped in the car; she spent the rest of the day helping John sort through her old baby clothes and toys to see what they could pass on to Eve. Well, John did the sorting while Rosie played with the toys and pronounced each item of clothing either "good for baby" or "too ugwy." He did learn that she was still terrified of a plastic owl with spinning eyes that Mrs. Hudson had given her after Mary died. John tucked it away beneath a pile of winter clothes that would be too small for Eve by the time it got cold again—he would donate the lot of them when he got a chance.
He wished she were here now. Even though he wanted to be with Sherlock, at least if Mary were still alive, he wouldn't be alone. He hated being alone—it brought out all his worst memories, reminded him of how he'd felt when he'd been invalided out of the army and ended up by himself in London, all purpose to his life gone.
John rolled onto his back again and glanced at the end of his bed, where he'd seen Mary earlier. She was no longer there, but he could still hear her speak, in his mind. "Go on, John. Do it. Go downstairs, and tell Sherlock what you feel."
"Children." John shook his head, then grabbed the jars from Sherlock's hand. He went back into the kitchen and returned a moment later, a brown paper bag on his lap. He held it out to Mycroft. "There. Double-bagged. No chance of any unwelcome fluids getting on your suit, Mycroft. And the two of you can race to be the first to find out who the fingers belonged to. Good luck!"
John turned towards her, leaning forward slightly, and licked his lips. "Mary, Sherlock will get you everything you need to run away with David, but you have to let David know what's going on. Prepare him. You can't just whisk him away to a new life without him knowing why."
John raised his eyebrows, but elected not to start a conversation about the collective memories of the Holmes family and Sherlock's childhood.
"All right, but as she gets bigger and gets on a more reasonable sleep schedule, we're going to put you on one, too."
“They found John’s phone. On the side of the road. It appears to have been thrown from a moving vehicle.”
John moaned and pushed back against him, resolving to follow Sherlock's lead and pretend Eurus wasn't there, that she wasn't filming them and there was no possibility of anyone else ever viewing that recording.
Sherlock reached down and plucked the glass from her before she could spill it. She looked up at him but her tiny glare didn't last; freed of the burden of having to control her pace, she ran into the bedroom and bounced up onto the bed next to John.
John complied, and Sherlock watched, appreciating the view without feeling particularly compelled to join him. It was amazing how much looking after a tiny child with a gastrointestinal virus could change one's perspective. "Is the water still warm enough?"
"John. Please." Sherlock's voice sounded nearly as desperate as it had when he'd called him earlier today.
Sherlock sat down gingerly on the edge and began to unbutton his shirt. He could feel the springs beneath him, just as he'd expected. "I thought this sofa was the coolest thing when I was a kid. When I was ten, Mummy and Daddy hosted a huge family reunion. It lasted for three days, and my cousin Nicholas and I got to sleep in here because we were the youngest. Doesn't seem nearly as exciting now."
"I know. I know." John closed his eyes and exhaled. He knew he couldn't trust an addict. He could never trust anyone, it seemed, and that seemed to apply doubly to the people he loved the most. But that was an issue he needed to work out on his own, or with his therapist, not something he should say aloud now. "Has it got any better over the last year? Since you've been clean. The cravings, I mean."
John shook his head and pulled Sherlock's shirt on. It fit him. More or less. The sleeves were too long, of course, and the shoulders were wider than he expected. As he buttoned it, he glanced over at Sherlock. Yes, Sherlock's shoulders were broader than his. Not that John really minded. Especially when Sherlock was deep in a case, hunched over a laptop with his suit jacket off and his shirt stretched tight across his back. But that was...not something he should be thinking about right now.
He went down the stairs two at a time, his regular pace, then paused when he got to the hook holding his coat. Massage oil. For him to use. On John. Ridiculous. It implied that John would be shirtless in front of him, for one thing, and that in itself was nothing but fantasy. Still. Before he could second-guess himself, he grabbed the small bottle from his coat pocket and ran back up the stairs.
Sherlock's fingers moved even as his mouth opened to object, and John cut him off. "The button, too. There's no one who knows what you want better than I do, so you will listen to me and do as I say."
John didn't respond. He wasn't sure if Sherlock was apologising for having that particular bag of cocaine in the flat or for something for something else, something deeper, but he didn't have the time or energy to start a bigger conversation at the moment. "Right. So. When is your brother getting here?" At least he wouldn't have to tell Mycroft about the drugs, since Eurus had flushed them and he believed Sherlock when he said he hadn't been high since the Culverton Smith case.
"Not a problem." Sherlock bent and kissed him, something in between the small peck they'd shared in front of Mrs. Hudson and Rosie and the deeper, more passionate moments they'd had this afternoon. "Unfortunately, I am going to have to shave. Unless I'm high or otherwise distracted, I can't stand the feeling of stubble on my own face."
"I'm going to go and see if there's anything in for lunch," John announced, and removed himself from the bedroom. He didn't bother checking to see what was in the fridge, just pulled out his phone and placed an order for Chinese, enough to feed all three of them with leftovers for Sherlock for a day or two. At the last minute he changed the order to takeaway instead of delivery—he needed to get out of the flat for a few minutes, and not think about babies or Eurus or Sherlock or anything at all.
"No, not Molly's." She probably was home, but she lived in a basement flat, and he didn't want to hide out in a location that would be hard for John to get in and out of quickly. Unfortunately, most of his old boltholes were the exact opposite of accessible. "We're going to Lestrade's flat." His building had an excellent set of lifts.
John set Rosie down on her feet. "Go on back in the bedroom with Granny Hudson and Aunt Molly. I'll be back in a minute." He watched to make sure she did as he said, then went out into the stairwell after Sherlock. He couldn't see the door from the top of the stairs, but he could hear as Sherlock opened it and spoke to someone outside.
"No." Mycroft stepped towards the sofa, pointing his umbrella at them. "It is within my power to protect you, and I will not be responsible for either one of you being killed by this madman."
Sherlock pursed his lips. "Unfortunately, I don't really need the skillset of an army doctor right now."
"There's nothing to figure out. They were killed by a criminally insane mass murderer who escaped from my brother's custody. You should find him before he kills anyone else."
John put his head back down on the pillow. "I don't even know why I was so angry. Usually I can control myself, but I was so upset, and then when I realised you wouldn't hit me back, it got even worse—"
John brought their entwined hands down to rest above his waist. "But also?" he added. "Don't try to send me off to stay with your parents without you again, either."
Sherlock tapped lightly on the bedroom door with one knuckle, then opened it when he heard John move inside. The lights were off and the curtains drawn, but by the light from the hallway he could see John's outline in the bed, lying on his side with his back to Sherlock. "You need anything?" he asked, voice slightly above a whisper—he knew John wasn't asleep, but he still didn't want to disturb him.
Sherlock stepped back, silently watching the two of them interact. A fire was an excellent idea, but really not necessary, in his opinion. He was already much warmer and cozier than he had been in a long, long time.
"But how could I forget what I did to you?" John sat up, reaching over to pull a tissue from the box next to his side of the bed so he could pass it to Sherlock. "I'm so sorry."
Just a reminder that this fic is tagged "canon-typical violence." It's not super-graphic or anything, but I know some people might not like it anyway. Sorry, but the story must be told! :)
"Really. I knew I loved you, and that you loved me. But I didn't think kissing was worth it, not when it might endanger our friendship, if you knew I wanted to kiss you but didn't want to kiss me back."
"Oh, I know," Mrs. Holmes replied, although John didn't recall Rosie playing with Mr. Bear when she was here on Sunday.
John huffed a laugh. "I understand that. But I always tried to stop myself from thinking about doing this with you, because I thought you'd never want to."
"I wasn't going to give it to you," he said, and it took Sherlock a moment to remember the card he still held clutched in his hand. "I was afraid that you wouldn't want it. But I had to try—I had to take that risk. I couldn't keep living here without you knowing how I felt and without knowing if you—"
"Yeah, when you thought I was miles away with no chance of being here. What happened to wanting to be at my side because he couldn’t overpower us both at the same time, hmm? Dickhead."
"Eve has a different mummy and daddy than you do," Sherlock told her, "but you can still be sisters if you want to. How does that sound? If it's okay with Daddy, I mean." He glanced up briefly, giving John a look he couldn't interpret.
Sherlock growled his displeasure. While it would be comforting to think that someone would have noticed if Moriarty had left Gemma for dead yesterday, he knew that it was just as likely that no one had bothered to check her office if she hadn't appeared this morning. He reined in his too-detailed imagination and started down the hallway. "Check them all," he barked at Sally and the two police officers with her, waving a hand at the closed doors that lined the hallway.
"Mm, I'll try to be out for longer next time." John picked up the controls for the bed and fiddled with them, raising the mattress until he was sitting upright.
"I don't mind. Except for all the Disney films. You'll owe me for those." He leaned forward and gave John another kiss, then pulled the blankets up to his chest once more.
"Just wiped her with a warm flannel. She won't have a real bath until her umbilical cord falls off, probably in a week or so."
"Yeah." John didn't pursue it. He wasn't comfortable with Eurus being alive and running free, but the alternative....
John did as he asked and Sherlock clipped a scrap of flesh from the base of each finger, dropping them into the jars. He held them out to Mycroft, who of course recoiled at the offer.
Not a very expensive one, either, judging by the weight he felt as he took the box from her and tossed it onto the desk. Stone followed the motion with his whole head, then pulled free from John's grip and dashed past Sherlock to the desk, scrabbling as if his stubby little legs would allow him to reach the top of it.
Instead, John was at the door to greet them, once more in his chair, no leg braces or crutches in sight. "Hi, Mary, come on in. Sorry about the way I'm dressed—wasn't expecting company." He tugged at the tight t-shirt that Sherlock had admired earlier, then ran his hand through his hair and smiled. A real smile, unlike Mary's.
Sherlock turned away from him and crossed over to the bed, which was so ridiculously large that John would've felt like a child in it, except that every time he'd been in it so far, he'd had incredible, mind-blowing sex. Now he squirmed in anticipation and followed Sherlock across the room.
"He's fine," Mycroft said. "Listen to me. John is not the one under attack right now." He held Sherlock's phone out to him. "Check your text messages. You've received a video link from an unknown number, as did I, early this morning."
He reached Barts well before two hours had passed. There was no sign of Moriarty at the main entrance.
John stepped back all the way and brought a hand up to his face, rubbing at his eyes. "Yeah, I am." It was still relatively early, but he hadn't slept well last night and the coffee he'd had this morning had worn off hours ago. Not to mention the fact that he'd expended a good deal more physical and emotional energy than he'd expected to today.
"Did you take your pill?" John asked, as he stuffed his dirty clothes into the laundry hamper in the corner of the room.
John nodded and reached for his medical journal again. At least the only relative he had to deal with on his side was Harry. He never would've predicted that one day she would be the family member who caused the least drama. Of course, when it came to over-the-top spectacle and suspense, no one could outdo the Holmes family.
"I'm going to check up on everyone you work with." He nodded at Sherlock. "Every person either of you has talked to in recent memory. There's a major security issue and the two of you are at the heart of it. Or rather, Sherlock is, and you're the lucky man who gets pulled into all of his troubles." Mycroft didn't even try to make the grin he gave John look remotely real.
"Yeah, I think so." John rubbed at his right arm, where the bigger guard had been holding him. "She didn't drug me this time, I don't think."
Yes, Mycroft. He'd arrived this morning, gone directly upstairs into his old bedroom, and come back down carrying several cardboard boxes.
"Me?" Sherlock scoffed. "I'm not the one who likes to moan in pain. And anyway, Daddy's got his hearing aids out by now, and I would bet money that Mummy's taken a tranquilizer to relax after having to deal with Mrs. Hudson all day."
As he walked down the hall, he swallowed back a small jot of fear—not anywhere near what he'd felt yesterday when he'd arrived, but he supposed he'd never be able to approach Eurus without some trepidation, especially not when he was alone.
"Sorry." He twisted around until he was on his back with his head in John's lap and his feet hanging over the arm of the sofa. "The last time I smoked, you got upset."
"Of course I do." Rosie was rolling her eyes—John couldn't see her face but he knew she was doing it.
"Yes. You know." Anderson made some sort of incomprehensible hand motion between him and John. "But I do like chocolate." He put his hand out towards Sherlock, beckoning for his gift bag.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock yawned the question toward the two of them. He hadn't bothered to grab his own phone for a light.
A convenient change of topic presented itself when Mrs. Hudson and Leon joined them at the table, bringing iced coffees for the humans and a bowl of water for Stone. Sherlock occupied himself with obliging Stone's need for belly rubs while John listened politely as Mrs. Hudson relayed seemingly every thought that had crossed her mind since she'd gone downstairs with Leon earlier today.
Normally, Sherlock didn't mind too much when John went to work, since most days he could content himself with an experiment or cases that were easily solved from the sofa. But today promised nothing but an endless re-hashing of the facts of the case in an effort to suss out a connection between the Crawfords and Moriarty so he could predict Moriarty's next move. That work would hold much more appeal if John stayed here with him, instead of going off to his own job.
"Yes, that would be lovely," John called out, giving Sherlock the look that meant he had to be nice to all hospital workers.
They both gave her a hug and kiss and said goodnight. She still felt cozy from their hugs when she closed her eyes and snuggled deep under her blankets.
"Sure, all right, no problem. I'll just take care of this little sweetie all on my own." John looked down at her to see that her eyes were still fluttering, not quite asleep. "Don't worry. He's not ignoring you on purpose. It's just because he had to talk to Mycroft. Uncle Mycroft." And Mycroft must be on his way here now. Sherlock was undoubtedly having a shower so he could present his best face to him when he arrived. Understandable. Mycroft was going to be furious.
"Oh, yes. Well, you two refused to put a wedding announcement in the newspaper, but then you posted this picture on the blog after your honeymoon, so I thought that would do, instead. Still would've liked to have an official announcement." She turned another page. "Didn't really get a wedding, either," she added under her breath.
"Yeah." He rubbed his left thumb over the marks on his right wrist, then switched hands. "I know I like a little pain play every now and then, but trust me, restraints are definitely not my idea of fun."
When he finished his shower and came out of the bathroom, John found a box of cereal and two bowls on the kitchen table, though it appeared breakfast had not progressed any further than that. He could hear Sherlock speaking in the living room, so he called out, "Hey, did you two forget that you need to pour the cereal into the bowls?" He crossed through the kitchen and into the living room, only to discover that Sherlock and Rosie were no longer alone. "Oh. Mrs. Holmes. Mr. Holmes. Good morning." He adjusted the fall of his shirtsleeves self-consciously, grateful that he'd dressed immediately after he showered instead of wandering around wearing just his dressing gown.
"Naomi is Nicholas's oldest daughter, Sherlock," Mummy said. "You know that—don't act like you don't."
"Right." Sherlock forced away the image of John's whole body stretched out on a leather-padded table and picked up the bottle of oil, which seemed slipperier than he recalled it having been a few seconds ago—his hands were sweating now.
"Are you kidding me?" John waved the Allen key he'd been using on the casters towards Mycroft. "Are you actually going to check up on her? She's worked at the clinic almost as long as I have."
"What? She's seen anatomical drawings and photos of a heart before. You know what they really look like, right, Rosie?"
"Erm, no. Not yet. You don't want to risk any tearing. But when it's time to push, you'll know." At least, that was his understanding, and it seemed to have been true with Mary and the other women he'd helped deliver.
"Oh, okay. Well, you're welcome to sit and watch me work, if you want. Or I've got a cancerous heart in the freezer if you want to take a look."
"I know how to read a medical study!" He clenched the papers in both hands, crumpling them, then took a step to the side so he could collapse into John's armchair.
John looked up at him and Sherlock caught a flash of fear, quickly schooled into an unspoken question about what he had found inside. Sherlock shook his head and John's lips pinched for a second before he turned his attention back to the girl in his arms.
Sherlock watched him make a few more passes, his arms steadier than they had been yesterday, even though they were supporting his weight each time he swung his legs forward in a semblance of a step. "Shoulders feeling better today?"
"No, I don't believe I do." Sherlock stood up, giving the wheeled chair he'd been sitting in a little extra shove with his foot to set it spinning away from the desk.
"I'll get her," John said, and took longer than he would have liked to pull himself to his feet from where he'd been sitting on the floor. Wasn't having a child supposed to keep him young?
"Hardly." Sherlock backed himself up against the sink; there wasn't enough space in the room for two adults to fit comfortably.
"Of course, thank you," Mrs. Holmes said, and John caught a glimpse of Mrs. Hudson's self-satisfied grin as she turned to go back downstairs to her own flat.
Focus on the matter at hand. John's shoulders. The scar high on his left was small, just a dark, puckered spot on the front of the shoulder, with no trace of an exit wound behind it. Even after a decade, Sherlock still didn't know if the bullet had been removed or was still inside him, splintered into shrapnel too complicated to remove without causing more damage. Maybe that was why his shoulder ached; perhaps his muscles still strained against the foreign objects embedded in them. Sherlock didn't ask and John didn't volunteer.
He found no matches for the prints in any British databases, so he moved on to searching internationally.
Mycroft stepped all the way into the flat as Rosie and Mr. Holmes left. He and Sherlock exchanged a few brotherly glares before Mycroft settled onto the sofa, sitting at the end opposite from his mother.
He heard Sherlock inhale behind him, then two soft thuds as he kicked off his shoes, followed by the faint rustle of him stepping free of his clothes. John shivered, then tried to make his body relax instead of tense in anticipation.
Lestrade sighed and emptied his beer bottle—he'd had a few already. "I'll go first, then we'll just move around the circle." He reached for one of the bags that John had brought.
"Bugger off, Mycroft. If I don't clean the hair out regularly the wheels get gummed up and don't move smoothly." John didn't even look up from what he was doing—over the years he'd learned to ignore Mycroft almost as effectively as Sherlock did.
Sherlock grinned back at him and they reached for each other's hands as the lights went down and Rosie's school concert began.
Though Sherlock knew that he had his own lifelong burdens, now that he'd admitted that his depression and anxiety weren't something he could control on his own. He blew out a breath. "God, we really are a mess, aren't we?"
"I know," Eurus said, and shifted her hands so they nearly covered Eve completely before looking up to fix John with a stare.
article Moriarty had sent. He folded it up again and stuffed it back into the envelope it had arrived in.
"I bet your Uncle Mycroft could get that deleted for you. I've heard of him doing things like that before."
"No. No, that is not why she is in prison, Rosie," Dad said. "She's in prison because she's a murderer."
He ran his finger lightly over the drawing, still confused, then opened it up to read the inside. Simple, direct, it was...a Valentine's Day card, from John to him.
Stone rushed out of the bedroom and ran past Sherlock, eager to greet whoever was at the door, even Mycroft. Sherlock heard the door open and close, and the tap of Mycroft's umbrella as he rested it against the wall. "Hello, Gladstone."
John gave Sherlock a look that he probably couldn't even see. He knew Sherlock's parents meant well, but having them around was making Rosie less likely to go back to sleep. Maybe he should just lie down with her in this room and tell everyone else to go back to bed. He was just about to suggest it when he heard Grandad come back inside. The power hadn't come back on, and John still had no idea what he may have been doing outside.
"Why?" Sherlock swallowed as a vivid memory of John pushing him onto his back and climbing astride him surfaced. Not that John wouldn't still be able to climb on top of him, if he wanted to, but the days of him casually swinging a leg over Sherlock's waist and holding him in place with his thighs were done, and Sherlock had no business fantasising about it. He squeezed his eyes shut and rolled onto his back as directed. "Why am I lying on my back?"
The kitchen was significantly less neat than the living room, primarily due to all the blood. The room was large and modern, recently updated, open to the main living area, and offered plenty of space to execute two people and leave their bodies where they fell. The man, Christopher Crawford, was sprawled in a chair at the table, a bullet hole between his eyes, the wall behind him covered in brain matter and blood. His body had been arranged so that his left arm laid on the table and his hand, minus two fingers, was placed atop a bamboo chopping board. His little finger sat by itself on the edge of the board; his ring finger was back at Baker Street, in the bottom drawer of the fridge-freezer, where Stone wouldn't find it while he was home alone.
He made himself re-focus on the case in front of him. The fingers did appear to belong to a couple under forty: the skin was smooth, with no visible wrinkles or age spots, though the ring on the man's finger appeared to have been sized before he'd gained weight. Sherlock could see a smooth indentation on the woman's finger that indicated another ring had been removed: of course, an engagement ring. Moriarty had made at least that much effort to make the illusion match Sherlock and John. Or perhaps she'd worn a diamond big enough to make it worth stealing.
There was another pause, and Sherlock wished he could jump back sixty seconds in time and take it all back, but then John spoke. "It's okay," he said. "So do I. I mean sexually, non-sexually, all the time, really. That's how I think about myself all the time. It's definitely fantasising. It's okay."
"I don't—I don't think there's anything you can do. I'm not going to try to run out to buy anything, so you won't need to physically restrain me."
"What else would it be?" Sherlock passed it back and forth between his hands; it was bright green, perhaps eight inches long and thicker around than the average man, though not as large as some of the other toys they had tried on each other over the past few years. "They also had a set of smaller anal plugs decorated with snowflakes, but this seemed...."
Mummy and Daddy arrived a few minutes later, just as Rosie and her fellow instrumentalists were beginning to take the stage, and John got everyone settled in their seats as quickly as he could, making sure to keep Mummy and Mrs. Hudson as far apart as possible to avoid their usual surrogate grandmother competition.
"No. I can." John craned his neck, looking at Moriarty before holstering his gun and pulling out his phone.
Sherlock pulled his fingers out and stood up so he could get the packet out of his pocket again. He ripped it open and let the wrapper fall to the floor. "I'd ask you to put it on with your mouth for me, but we wouldn't want to risk your saliva touching me, would we?"
Sherlock shook his head and took the newspaper back from Mummy so he could read the rest of it before she started cutting it apart. He'd spent the past week focussed entirely on Moriarty; he was probably missing out on all sorts of other good crimes. Maybe he could solve a few of them while they were trapped out here in the country.
Sherlock doubted he would be hungry for Chinese after he met Moriarty, but she seemed eager and he didn't want her to keep thinking something was wrong with him. "Maybe. If I'm still around. And hungry then."
"Well, we'll see what we can do." He stood up. As long as she didn't decide to trade masks with Livvy or any of the other children in her class. Four more cases in three days. Maybe John should reconsider having her in school this year. Not that Sherlock wanted to be responsible for educating a five-year-old while John was at work, but he could do it if he had to. He certainly wasn't leaving the flat for cases very often, and solving crime via Zoom meeting was less than fulfilling, even if it paid the same.
"Sherlock," John told him. "It has been a very, very long day and I need to get out of this chair and stretch out and you're blocking my path to the sofa."
"Watch out." Sherlock leaned to the side to shove the coffee table out of the way. Stone lifted his head from the floor, startled by the sudden movement, and Sherlock tapped him on the rear. "Go lie upside down in the corner."
Sherlock pursed his lips. "Yes. I have said that. I used to think it was true. But John, you and I have been in a relationship since the day we met."
Sherlock settled himself as comfortably as he could—there was a stack of file folders a few inches from his left thigh and an empty coffee mug to his right, but otherwise Lestrade's desk was fairly empty. He let John undo his flies and pushed the waistband of his trousers and pants down as far as he could. He didn't have many limits, but letting his bare arse touch Lestrade's desk was apparently one of them.
She wrinkled her nose and stared at the wall behind him. "It was easy to lose track of time in Sherrinford, especially when I was younger. I know I was six when I was sent away, but I don't know what year that was, or the year I was born."
"Untrue." Mycroft raised an eyebrow and reached for a handful of jelly babies. "I no longer have to worry about everything I build being knocked down by my little brother."
Sherlock turned to face him directly. "John, don't be ridiculous. First of all, I'm married to you, and quite happily, I might add. And second of all, Moriarty is a convicted mass murderer. But even apart from those facts, I don't find him the least bit physically attractive."
"I hope not." He squeezed his eyes shut, feeling a hot anxiety rise through his chest. Was John right—was it a normal oversight in light of hectic events?
"You did the right thing. Just remember that you can always call me, okay?" John let his hand settle on Sherlock's leg, just above his knee, fairly certain that the gesture would be acceptable. They touched each other now, when the situation was dire enough.
family watched you fight back against Moriarty, even though you were barely conscious. They aren't going to dwell on a few minor embarrassments." He'd been self-conscious himself when Moriarty had shown off proof of his and John's sexual habits, but Mummy and Daddy hadn't said a word about it afterwards; they'd only been concerned that John was all right.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disappointment. "Stone tried to eat two human fingers this morning. He's hardly discriminating."
"Because it's your childhood crush. I like learning things about you from when you were young, especially if they don't involve murder."
"Oh, right!" Daddy's eyes widened, and Mycroft could feel his own IQ dropping. "Yes, then, maybe it is true. Oh, wouldn't it be wonderful, if he and Sherlock could be happy together?"
There was a flurry of motion from the kitchen and then Mummy poked her head in next to Mycroft, who moved further into the room to accommodate her. "Do you really need a bodyguard because of this Moriarty fellow, Sherlock?"
"I know, but I want to." He tilted his head towards the bedroom and gestured at Sherlock to stand, so Sherlock did, following him through the flat towards the bedroom.
Sherlock answered. "Leo, Bella...." He squinted at her. "Oh, not Gabe Simpson—you're over him, aren't you? So who's the third?"
He was right: the entire first floor reeked of illness. The door to the loo was open, and a woman about his own age was sprawled on the floor amid a mess of vomit. Her hair was a different colour than that of the woman in Moriarty's photo, but he was sure it was the same person. Based on the discoloration of her face where it touched the tile floor, she had clearly been dead for at least a couple of hours. He went on to the next room, a small bedroom with a large bed, upon which a middle-aged man lay on his side, arms curled loosely around a boy smaller than the girl downstairs.
"Are you sure about that? You're willing to risk feeding our dog nightshade just to prove a point?" Sherlock swooped up the pot and marched into the kitchen, setting it in the window next to the fridge-freezer.
"How did they afford to go on all those holidays? The pictures they had on display showed just the two of them, so they weren't traveling with wealthy relatives, and their siblings and nieces and nephews in the other photos didn't look particularly well-off. So where did they get their money? Oh, how could I have been so slow? It was right in front of me."
"All right, hang on," John said, and positioned his chair at an angle to the sofa. It was a bit awkward for him to move from the chair directly onto Sherlock, but eventually they wrestled themselves into place, with John lying on his stomach on top of him. It wasn't going to become their preferred lounging position any time soon, but it worked for now.
John wrinkled his brow. He didn't have anything in his med kit beyond paracetamol and ibuprofen, and didn't want to think about whether Sherlock might have anything stronger stashed away in the flat. Besides, anything she took orally would take too long to work anyway. "I know it hurts, Eurus, but you're doing a great job. I think you're going to have this baby before any medicine would even have time to kick in."
"Who?" John had started to throw an overnight bag together for Rosie and between that and keeping an eye on her to see what she was adding to the bag it was a little difficult to follow the conversation with Molly.
"Shut up, Mycroft." John turned away from him, bringing Eve up to his shoulder again. He forced his mind away from the drama of Eurus, trying to remember more things they would need to get for Eve. A changing table—Sherlock's bed would work for now, but a proper table at waist height would be ideal, and with Rosie still in nappies herself, he couldn't bring hers here. Rosie. "I have to call Molly and find out what time she needs me back. She's had Rosie for over 24 hours. Do you think you and Eve will be all right alone, Sherlock?"
He glanced behind himself but Mycroft's men were nowhere in sight. That was fine. They would catch up eventually, and Sherlock wanted to be the one to find and rescue John. Moriarty had been right about that.
"You're right, John. He's always snored when he sleeps on his back. Just like his father." Mrs. Holmes glanced from him to Sherlock and back again, looking a bit puzzled.
"Mm-hmm." Sherlock rolled so he was lying half on top of John. "Moriarty killed the Crawfords because they refused to have sex with him. You sure you don't want me to do anything for you?"
"Why don't you just send a cheque to the charity that's collecting gifts? Then you wouldn't have to deliver all these toys yourself."
"I may not be a chimney sweep, but I still feel as lucky as lucky can be." He sang the last few words, then stooped to drop a quick kiss on John's lips, before running off towards the bedroom, just begging John to chase after him.
"Go see if Donovan's found any more fingerprints for you, Anderson," Lestrade said. Anderson grimaced but disappeared back into the flat without argument.
John plucked a half-eaten scone from Rosie's hand just before she flung herself towards the box. She and Sherlock tore off the wrapping paper and lifted the cover from this second box to reveal a brightly-coloured mobile, designed to hang over Eve's cot.
"What did we get?" Sherlock wrinkled his nose, looking at the bags John held. One was heavier than the other. "Candles, and—"
The other reason I like Christmas is because there is no school. School is okay but also very boring. We have to read a lot but not things that are fun like books with good stories in them. I do like seeing my friends at school but this year Daddy says I can have Abby come over to visit and he will make sure that Sherlock cleans up his mess first and doesn't try to scare her. I don't think she will be scared because the only kid Sherlock has ever scared was Alfie Richardson when he told me I couldn't play on the monkey bars because I was a girl and that was two years ago.
"Sorry, what?" John squinted at him. He was definitely sure that he and Sherlock were both awake, but this conversation felt as surreal as a dream.
"His shoulders?" Molly turned and shouted towards the living room. "Rosie, come on, get your school bag. Sherlock's here to take you home."
"John, ignore what she says. Just help her." Sherlock strode around the bed to stand on the far side, across from John. "She talks a lot—I think she can't help herself. Earlier she said that I was nicer than anyone she'd ever met, then a minute later she was screaming, asking why I hadn't tried to find her earlier. I don't think she even—"
His feet slipped in the mud and he fell, catching himself on his hands—better than sprawling full-body, but he would never reach Stone first now. He shouted at the two racing dogs to stop, putting as much command into his voice as he could, but the tone that tended to surprise people into listening had no effect on animals.
John frowned down at himself for a moment, then yanked his vest over his head and handed it to him. Might as well take advantage of the offer while it was available. Though that was unfair, he knew. Since he and Rosie had moved in this past weekend, John had noticed Sherlock doing more household chores than he ever had before.
Sherlock blinked at him, then nodded. Maybe he should have been upset that John would question him, but he knew he had good reason.
"Oh." John looked up at him, rubbing a hand across his mouth. "Sally was just telling me about Anderson and—" He glanced over at her and they both started giggling again. When he'd recovered enough to speak, John apologised. "It's hard to explain. You kind of had to be there." He smiled and turned away from Donovan, towards Sherlock. "So did you figure out why Moriarty killed those two people yet?"
Lestrade wrinkled his nose and picked up the bag of takeaway. "I need to go and change my clothes, even if we do stay. You want to go put this on a couple of plates and then these two can watch us eat?"
Sherlock stood up from the bed and stretched, cracking his neck. "It would've worked better if you were still unconscious. I could crowd you more and you wouldn't be able to object."
"Sorry, what? Eurus?" John had intended to put the kettle on for tea, but instead he pulled out the chair opposite Sherlock and sat down. "You think you can find her now?"
She sighed. "As soon as I heard he was out, I knew he'd come looking for me, so I had to come up with something good to keep him from killing me. So I gave him the name of your therapist."
John sighed and shook his head. "Never mind. You're right. She's not a cannibal, at least not that we're aware of, so that's one point in her favour."
John stayed as he was for a few long moments, though Sherlock was heavy against his back. When he felt he could once more breathe enough to speak, he opened his mouth and said one word, "Sherlock."
"God, no." He assumed the news of Moriarty's escape would get out soon, but he had no desire to let it be known that the madman was back to playing games with him again. He waved a hand at Donovan and John. "Fine, lead the way. It'd better be a damned good cup of coffee you buy for me, though." He followed them to Donovan's car, taking the time to look up and down the street at the buildings that crowded the popular residential area. Moriarty could be in one of them right now, watching them through half-closed blinds. If he was, then his time as a free man—and the twisted game he was trying to play—would soon be over.
As he leaned forward to check her, he was all too aware of how close her feet were to his head, and had to remind himself that if she'd wanted to kill him, there would have been much easier ways to arrange it than getting pregnant and then waiting nine months so she could kick him to death. And she'd shown no signs of refusing to cooperate with him so far, agreeing to his examination without protest. "Okay, it looks like you're at about eight centimetres already. It won't be too much longer. I see the baby's head pressed against the opening just like it should be. Everything looks good."
"Just say okay, please? If there's a complication and she's not in hospital, she and the baby could both die."
"Yes?" John had pulled off again. He raised his eyes to meet Sherlock's; his lips glistened with saliva.
Sherlock expected an eye roll at the declaration, but John just gave a small shrug and seemed to pull his shoulders in closer, making himself look smaller than he was. Sherlock had to resist the urge to crawl into his lap again. Instead he leaned back in his chair, trying to appear casual. "I know you've never believed it, but it's true." He waved a hand dismissively. "And anyway, Moriarty is too skinny. And he's definitely going to go bald someday. Also, the criminal insanity is not a turn-on for me, as hard as that may be to believe."
"Nonsense. If she's old enough to hold a job, she's old enough to mind her own business." He walked back over to the bed and sat on the end of it, looking closely at John. "You've had that question before, haven't you?"
"And yet you've had time to shower, and John's had time to make a significant contribution to the disaster that is your kitchen table." Mycroft sniffed. "Congratulations, John. You've now lived with my brother long enough that you've completely abandoned your own standards of kitchen cleanliness and adopted his."
"Or maybe I'll just go back to killing people, to get them to notice me." He sighed loudly enough that Sherlock moved the phone away from his ear. "The question is, who should I kill? Who would make the best news story? Probably you, Sherlock!" He cackled for a few seconds while Sherlock kept his mouth clenched shut, refusing to give him any reaction. "But then the game would be over, wouldn't it? Good thing there are so many other choices! And you've gathered them all in one spot for me now, haven't you? How good do you think your brother's security really is?"
Sherlock spun around, looking first at the house and then at the open expanse of garden and driveway, wondering if Moriarty was watching right now. John and Stone had followed him into the front garden—
He awoke to the dull grey light of a London morning and an almost overpowering urge to leave immediately so he could go and get Rosie. He'd spent a few nights apart from her, twice on cases with Sherlock and once last autumn when he'd gone to a medical conference and she'd stayed here at Baker Street, but now he missed her much more than he had either of those times. As soon as he checked to make sure everyone downstairs had survived the night, and talked to Sherlock about what they were going to do next, he would go and pick her up from Molly's. He could make it a special day for the two of them together. Maybe ice cream and a trip to the park, if the rain held off.
Sherlock nodded. "Yes. I do. I love you, too. You knew that already. But I've also wanted you for so long. I just never knew how to say it. I never knew and I thought—" He cut himself off. Babbling would achieve nothing. "Where's Rosie?"
"Everyone else has died before I got to them. Except Gemma, and she was just lucky she was out of the country."
"Mm, that food smells delicious," Lestrade announced when he came out of the bedroom a few minutes later. He hadn't changed his clothes, though he'd taken off his jacket. He gave Sherlock a broad smile.
"You are," John agreed. "But what if I do this?" He brought his mouth to Sherlock's again, this time coordinating his tongue's movements with those of his right hand, while his left hand fondled Sherlock's balls, occasionally reaching back further to stroke between his cheeks.
"Oh, pardon me," Mycroft said. "I didn't know Sherlock had visitors. Perhaps I should come back later."
"Your illegal handgun won't be of any use if Moriarty decides the next bomb should be a real one," Mycroft said.
"It's better than it was, I think." He moved slowly, straightening a pillow behind his back so he could sit upright.
"You don't need to go to there. You can buy new things for your friends. I'll give you enough money."
"Aunt Mowwy!" Rosie shouted and ran out of the bedroom. Molly didn't watch her regularly now that John had found a reliable sitter whose availability meshed with his work schedule, which meant that getting to visit her was a special treat in Rosie's mind.
Sherlock frowned at him, watching as he unclipped Stone's lead and dumped the stack of post on the small table next to his armchair. It didn't really bother him that John would accept such a gift from his nurse, at least not beyond the low-level, nagging fear he always had that, one day, John would come to his senses and realise what he had given up by throwing his lot in with Sherlock. Still, it was reassuring to know Mary hadn't singled out John in her gift-giving. "Fine," he said, thrusting the pot towards John. "Just don't expect me to take care of it for you. I don't even like tomatoes."
"Erm, it was a danger afternoon. I think he's past it, now, but I don't want to leave him. Even though I think he's okay, I just don't want to leave him." He wasn't explaining himself well. "I don't want to treat him like he's an interruption in the rest of my life, something I just have to deal with and then abandon, you know? I want him to know I'm here for him." Now he sounded sentimental, but he thought Molly would understand.
John blinked. "No, no, it's fine. I was just surprised to hear her say it." Considering that two days ago, Rosie had hidden her face every time Mrs. Holmes tried to speak to her.
Mrs. Hudson glanced at John and then turned back to Eurus. Rather than cowering in front of her, which John would have done in her place, Mrs. Hudson puffed herself up and spoke as if Eurus wasn't even in the room. "And now that she's had the baby, she'll be going back to prison. Right, Sherlock?"
Their escape plan went perfectly, until they got to the morgue and discovered that Molly was not, in fact, working. Sherlock stared at her desk, looking for some clue as to her whereabouts, but her lab coat was draped neatly over the back of her chair, name badge still attached.
John opened his mouth to respond, but before he could, Rosie came flying out of the kitchen, a half-eaten biscuit in her hand. "Pizza!" she exclaimed.
Sometimes Sherlock was the one who read Rosie her bedtime stories and put her to bed at night, and sometimes it was John. They almost never did it together, but tonight, after John had given her a bath and gone upstairs with her, Sherlock had a sudden breakthrough on the case he'd been working on. He texted Lestrade and then ran up the stairs, eager to tell John about how clever the killer had been in hiding his crimes.
"Go for it." He shifted his position slightly, allowing Sherlock access to the upper half of his back as well as his shoulders, though he suspected some ibuprofen before he went to bed tonight would be more effective than whatever effort Sherlock made. But as soon as Sherlock began to move his hands, John realised he had underestimated his skill. His touch was not too heavy on the tender points near John's neck, but firm enough to loosen the overused muscles. "Where did you learn how to do that?"
Neither the dog nor Sherlock were distracted. "But you met all their criteria. What more did they want?" The study had been looking for males between the ages of 25 and 55 with incomplete thoracic injuries, which was rare—most experimental trials wanted people with complete spinal cord injuries.
They moved towards each other as one, and John knew he tasted like stale coffee but he forgot to be self-conscious, because Sherlock’s lips were warm and after just a brief press of John’s tongue they opened and—oh.
"Yes, I did. It's—it's a long story." She glanced back over her shoulder, at Sherlock, who was still standing in the doorway.
Eve let out a fresh squawk of displeasure and John shifted her in his arms until she was draped on her stomach across his forearm, her head resting in his hand and arms and legs dangling to either side of his arm. Rosie had always quieted when he held her this way, and it seemed to work with Eve, too, at least for the moment.
"Hmm." Sherlock cracked his neck and swung his arms a few times, trying to stretch out the stiffness. "Wait. Molly. You don't think—"
"I'm sure they knew you could. They watched you put together the glider today—you don't really want a repeat of that, anyway, do you?"
"No, Dad. Come on. Thrifting is where all the best clothes are, and stuff like records and CDs and Abby got this cool wooden duck last week. You can't buy that new."
"Did you call the police?" he asked as he began to make his way towards John, holding his right foot up in the air behind him as well as he could.
"I know," John said. He bit at the inside of his lip, unable to express his fear that calling Rosie and Eve siblings would only make him even more aware of the relationship he and Sherlock would never have. He swallowed back a sigh and put his hand on Rosie's back. "Sherlock's right, sweetie. Eve will be just like a little sister to you."
John nodded. He moved his hands, brushing the first two fingers of his right hand over the ring on his left. "As long as they come with you. You make everything worthwhile."
"Yeah. They were a little stiff this morning, but not too sore. And they're a lot better now that I've been moving around a bit." John stopped in front of the fireplace and looked at himself in the mirror, then flicked his eyes to Sherlock's reflection. "You're staring at me again."
He pressed his lips together and looked down at his hands, curled tightly below the keys of his laptop. He didn't remember making them into fists.
"It's a lot more efficient that way. Especially since if I'd gone home to get the crutches, I wouldn't have been here in time."
He followed Sherlock down the hall, trying to ignore the fact that his palms were sweaty and his heart felt like it was about to pound its way out of his chest. Sherlock entered the bedroom ahead of him, without hesitation. John stopped in the doorway, taking stock.
"It's okay, Sherlock. Not a failure on your part." John stood up but Sherlock stayed where he was, on his knees next to the swing, looking as if he wanted to pick Eve up again but was afraid to do so.
"It's still hard to believe this is happening," Mrs. Holmes said. "Our granddaughter." She dabbed at her eyes with a paper napkin from Speedy's. "Why do you think Eurus did it? It can't have been an accident. Everything she's ever done in her life has always been deliberate."
Long enough for John to get all the way into town, certainly, though not long enough for him to get there and back. The road into town was mostly downhill, and John could probably cover it faster in his chair than Sherlock could on foot, but the two-mile climb back here would be harder. John might even be willing to accept a lift home. Sherlock checked his phone, but there was nothing new, which meant nothing, except that John was likely still upset.
"No. I mean, yes," John said. "I don't generally go around telling people you saw a therapist, Sherlock. Mary is the one who recommended her to me."
"Right, but if you do. I know we have paracetamol but I'm not sure if we have any cough suppressants, and I don't want you to—"
"No. She's fine. She's on holiday." John took off his gloves and shifted so he could put his arm around Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock slouched against him.
John shook his head—Sherlock shouldn't have doubted that he would come—but he didn't have the energy to discuss that right now. He leaned back against the cabinet behind him and let out a long breath but made no effort to stand up yet. "Sherlock, what are we going to do?"
"Yes, I understand how plants work, thank you. Not for you." He gave Stone a light swat on the nose when the dog tried to sniff at it.
"No, that's not—John." He had never hit John, but John had never hit him before, either, at least nothing more than the occasional annoyed thump on the arm. "Stop this. Just...stop."
"I know you know. Because despite what you may think, I know you're already a good father. You're probably over-Googling everything about babies but that's okay because you do better when you have as much information as possible. Just don't forget to trust your instincts, too."
"Hm. All right. Go for it." He carefully turned himself around so he was facing Sherlock, then, once he was sure he was balanced, lifted his arms from the crutches, letting them fall to the floor.
Sherlock pulled away, just a bit, and turned his head so they were facing each other. For a split-second, as their eyes met, John would've sworn he saw in Sherlock's face the same flicker of longing that he himself felt. But it was just his imagination, of course, projecting his own desires.
He squeezed his eyes shut, expanding the view in his mind. "Got it!" He typed out a quick message to Mycroft and Lestrade and forwarded the photos, then dropped the phone back into his pocket. "Come on, John! It's less than a mile. We can get there faster than anyone else."
Rosie picked up the scissors and began to cut very slowly along the line she had drawn, the tip of her tongue sticking out between her lips as she concentrated. When she'd finished, she unfolded the paper and asked, "Why do people draw hearts like this, if that's not really what they look like?"
“No, Mrs. Holmes, I’m certain. And I was paying extra attention because Mr. Holmes asked me to look out for him.”
"Then let me rephrase. I found a way for you to get a haircut without being made uncomfortable at the barbershop."
"Of course, I accepted immediately. It's only a single bed, so that's why Daddy didn't come with me today. We weren't sure if you'd be using the bedroom upstairs, John?"
Rosie not wanting to sleep in a room alone at Gram and Grandad's seems to be a tradition, since she's not quite 2 in this one and not quite 4 in the one earlier when the power goes out. :)
Nothing was going to fade away while he was sitting in the recliner, that much was clear, especially given that he could hear two distinct patterns of snoring coming from the bedroom.
"And I appreciate the fact that you didn't have an affair with John." Sherlock stood up, ready for her to be gone from their flat.
He closed his eyes and swallowed. A bit not good. Sherlock had only been trying to be kind, by letting him borrow the shirt. He would doubtless be appalled if he knew the direction John's thoughts were taking as he wore it. He had accepted that his life with Sherlock would never include everything that he wanted it to, and he shouldn't let himself fantasize about anything more. But maybe it would be okay if he didn't rush upstairs to get changed into his own clothes. Maybe he could let himself enjoy this feeling, even if it was only for a little while.
"It was! But I shouldn't have been so polite, because I hardly got any credit for it. I wanted to be on the telly, but the story didn't even last one news cycle. And all the articles in the papers just talked about you. You, you, you. I guess I should've gone ahead and set off a real bomb, that would've got me some more attention, don't you think?"
John plunged his tongue back into Sherlock's mouth and Sherlock let him. He was lying in bed naked with Sherlock, kissing him while Sherlock stroked their cocks. "This is amazing," he gasped, pulling away enough to speak. "I never thought—Sherlock. Why did we wait so long to do this?"
"Yes," Sherlock answered. "She likes it, and it's good for her. Prolonged physical contact can promote bonding and help develop the neural pathways that handle emotional and social growth. John, do you still have the carrier sling you and Mary used with Rosie?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Juvenile. And the two of you require my protection like the children you are."
"Why wouldn't he? She's Eurus's child. And he's kept Eurus locked up since she was a child herself."
Sherlock let go of John's hand and put his feet down on the ground. "You're not responsible for us at all."
"I am absolutely certain that is not true. No house is that big." Sherlock groaned and laid his head on the table atop his arms.
"No, that's fine," Sherlock said. The two cigarettes had suppressed any remaining appetite he might have had. He walked back into the living room to deliver John's water.
He went and got Eve out of the cot and gave her a dry nappy, then brought her into the living room. "You want to hold her while I get a bottle ready?"
"Oh, for God's sake." Lestrade glanced out into the hallway behind them, then ushered Molly inside so he could shut and bolt the door. He set the takeaway bag he'd been carrying down next to the television and looked at John. "Are you wearing my old t-shirt?"
"Every sprain is different. Plus, you were younger then. Your body could bounce back from injuries more easily."
"I haven't," Sherlock said. "And I don't want to, usually. Because I never thought I'd be able to, with the only person I really wanted. The only person I loved."
"Hm." John kissed him again. "What exactly do you think we'd have to do before he was disgusted enough to disconnect it?"
Sherlock looked down at the ground between him and John. "You're the one who's in the saving people's lives business."
John frowned, parsing Sherlock's words, turning them over in his head. The way Sherlock had phrased it made it sound as if he was willing, but thought John wouldn't want to. Which was frankly ridiculous. Sherlock was the one who'd spent the last seven years insisting he wasn't interested in sex. "But you don't—"
Sherlock tuned her out. Gemma was fine. Gemma was on holiday in Mallorca; she'd probably been sitting on the beach while he and John had rushed across town thinking Moriarty had killed her. He let himself fall back against the cushion of her chair again, trying to control the panic that was still coursing through him, even though he no longer had any reason for concern. John was wrong: this wasn't a nice little office. It was a horrid, anxiety-inducing cave.
"Understandable," Janine said. "She's a little beauty, though. And a lucky girl, if she gets to spend time in your arms."
"Won't need to," John said. He pulled his hand away and pointed with his thumb over his shoulder, towards the road, where a black car sat idling at the kerb. Not a cab.
He spent the next hour alternating between cutting chunks of cardboard off the box following Rosie's specifications and helping put together the glider, until Sherlock finally tossed down the Allen key in frustration, not with the construction of the chair, which was not particularly difficult, but with his mother and Mrs. Hudson.
"No offense, love, but I'm starting to think you're not very good at predicting other people's schedules."
John let his arms slide off Sherlock's chest so their heads were nearly touching once more. He dropped a light kiss on Sherlock's lips and then pulled back. "Is that camera Mycroft put above the mirror still recording?"
Rosie buried her head against John, again refusing to acknowledge that Mrs. Holmes was talking to her. John gently pried her away and got her to sit on his lap facing out, which was about as much as he could hope for. Mrs. Holmes was right though—she was generally a well-behaved child, though he imagined most children were, compared to what Sherlock, Mycroft and Eurus must have been like.
"Would you like something to drink?" John wheeled himself backwards, giving Mary more room to enter the flat, the smile he was giving her telling Sherlock that he was genuinely happy to have her here.
"I'm sucking, but lightly. Teasing you. One of my hands is at the base of your cock, stopping you from thrusting all the way into my mouth."
"It's pretty common for grandmothers to come help out when there's a new baby, Sherlock. I don't think she thinks you can't handle it. She's just trying to be helpful. Babies really are a lot of work."
Once a month, Sherlock packed up his violin and went to visit his sister, and John stayed home with Rosie and waited, convinced that Sherlock would not return. Eurus would escape from her cell and strangle him before the guards could react, or the helicopter carrying him to the island would crash on the rocks, or.... Sometimes John thought it would be better if he went with him, to protect him, but then he looked at Rosie and knew he couldn't risk leaving her, knowing he might not come back.
"No exchange of bodily fluids," Sherlock said. He didn't think the virus was carried in semen, but that wasn't the point right now, was it? "Don't worry, it won't hurt. I have lube."
Shortly before dawn, he heard Eve crying, the thin, helpless wail of a new-born, but it lasted for only a few moments. Part of him wanted to run downstairs and find out how Eurus had managed to quiet her, but he knew that if Eve had just gone back to sleep, he might disturb her again. After a brief debate with himself, he reached across the bedside table and grabbed his phone so he could send a text to Sherlock. Just a casual inquiry:
Sherlock got up and hung the holster beneath their coats on the rack by the door, and John got out of his chair, perching on the edge of the sofa before lowering himself to the floor. Sherlock watched him move. His arms were steady as he lifted himself from the chair, but there was a decided stiffness to his movements. When he'd settled on the floor, legs sticking out in front of him, he sighed and laid his head back against the sofa cushion.
"Maybe she just wanted her child to exist, even if she didn't raise her herself." Sherlock stood up from his chair, forcing John to step out of the way.
Sherlock narrowed one eye at Lestrade. "You're wasting your time in there. They both found their sex life satisfying, even if it was rather vanilla."
A few minutes later John returned to the bedroom to collect his phone and watch and wallet. "What are your plans for today?" he asked Sherlock.
"Understood." Sherlock put his hands on him again, feeling the warmth of John's skin through his vest. Normally, he would have appreciated the way the tight cotton stretched across his shoulders, but now all he could think of was how Moriarty had run his fingers up and down that very same vest only a few hours earlier. He pulled his hands back. "Take off the vest, too."
The door behind him cracked open enough for Sherlock to stick his head in. "I finished mopping up the kitchen. Are you feeling any better, Rosie?"
"Plenty of other options." John pushed the sheet down enough to fiddle with his own nipple ring; Sherlock didn't think he was even aware that he was doing it. "Probably best if we just masturbate, though. That's easiest to stop quickly if the door opens."
"I have access to far more resources than you or Scotland Yard, Sherlock. My people will be able to identify the unfortunate former owners much more quickly."
Sherlock scowled at him, unsure if Mycroft was trying to insult him, but ready to disagree with him on principle anyway.
"No, Sherlock. I can't—" John took a deep breath and squeezed his hands into fists for a moment, then opened them, stretching his fingers out in the air over his lap. His left hand was still trembling. "I can't—I don't want to.... I didn't mean to hurt you, Sherlock. I just—" John looked up at him, the small, dangerous smile that had been playing at his lips vanished into a look of hurt and confusion. "I have to go."
Sherlock scowled and slid the paper back towards John. "Rescuing small children was your idea. I just photograph well."
"We'd already decided that days ago," Sherlock said, and followed Rosie into the flat. "Come on, John."
"Isn't it obvious?" Mrs. Holmes stood in the doorway to the kitchen, Mrs. Hudson peeking through next to her. "Eurus sent it, for Eve."
Sherlock chuckled into John's hair, which tickled until he brought his hand up to push it away from his nose. "You know, I found a solution to your hair problem."
John frowned at him as if he couldn't quite believe that much time had passed, then shook his head. "I don't know why I was so dehydrated. He didn't have me for that long. Must have been from the gas he used on me."
Sherlock shot a glance over his shoulder in time to see Lestrade walk through the door, Donovan close on his heels. She was the one who saw them first—Lestrade was too busy looking at something on his phone.
He thought she meant the ones that had been on his hand, and tried to distill the process of melting into words she would understand, but then he saw that the precipitation in the air had changed back almost entirely to rain again, in the space of just a few seconds. Winter in London. "They'll be back, Rosie. Another day. We'll have snowflakes again, I promise."
He kept at it for hours after he ate. John made a few attempts to entice him away but mostly left him alone. At some point he told Sherlock he was going to bed and Sherlock waved him away. It was late but not that late; he could work for hours yet.
"Yep." John paused long enough to lift his hand in a rude gesture towards the button-sized camera that had been installed above the mirror over the fireplace.
"Sherlock, just go get my phone. Otherwise I'll be wondering what they want instead of paying attention to you." He pulled Sherlock down by the shirt tails to give him a kiss, then dropped his head back onto the mattress, flicking his eyes towards the bedroom door. "And bring my chair in, please, too? So I'm not trapped here if you fall asleep when we're done."
A small laugh made its way through Rosie's tears, and Sherlock used his thumb to swipe away the wetness beneath her eyes. "Would some hot chocolate make you feel better?"
Eve fell asleep in his arms, but John continued to sit in the glider until Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, dressed in a different pair of pyjama bottoms and dressing gown than the ones he'd worn all day.
Her hair was longer and darker than it had been the last time he'd seen her, and she was wearing a loose sundress, though the late spring weather hardly seemed to warrant it. Not her usual attire at all—he almost didn't recognise her.
John bit at his lip and turned away from them. Why had Sherlock looked directly at him when he'd said that? Had John been too obvious lately? He always tried to keep his feelings hidden, but that was harder to do now that he was once more living in the same flat as Sherlock.
Oh God, that was too much. No, it was perfect. John couldn't form words, much less the two syllables of Sherlock's name, but he grunted in reply and thrust back against him, letting the heat between his legs build until it was finally strong enough to wipe out his awareness of everything except the two of them together.
Sherlock shifted her onto one hip and raised a finger to his lips. "You can see baby Eve, but you need to be very quiet so you don't wake her up. Can you do that?"
John turned to him. "Don't—it's all right. We can figure out another way out. Or maybe Mycroft can escape wherever he is and—"
Sherlock nodded. "I understand. Though I expect fewer complaints about the dangers of my work in the future."
"I could eat them all myself before Christmas," Anderson grumbled, but picked up the bag with the last bottle of wine in it, instead.
"Relax," Sherlock said. "Mrs. Hudson is watching telly and didn't even notice I was in her flat. And I found the bassinet attachment upstairs in storage." He put the cot down, shaking it out so it opened fully, and then went back into the hallway to retrieve the bassinet that could be placed on top of it for younger babies. "And I called Wiggins and arranged to have him pick up and deliver nappies and some gender-neutral bodysuits and rompers. I sterilised the bottles I have, and told Wiggins to get some smaller nipples and formula. Unless you think Eurus is going to want to nurse?"
Moriarty pulled John’s vest up higher, pushing the unbuttoned shirt off his shoulders. “Whoa! Look at that one! That must have hurt!” He passed his fingertips over the bigger, dark purple mark the size and shape of Sherlock’s mouth that stretched over the thick muscle of John’s right shoulder. “Got a little kink going on here, the two of you, hmm?” He zoomed the camera back out and grinned at it.
Sherlock brought his hands up to John's shoulders again. It would've made for a better massage if John had kept the shirt off entirely, but he would make do.
"Sherlock thinks we shouldn't use our cards or Mycroft will find us, and neither of us carries enough cash to pay for a hotel. At least not one I'm willing to spend the night in."
"I think it's a lovely name," Sherlock said, stepping around the bottom of the bed so he stood next to John. "She'll be a fresh start for you."
Too late. Rosie over-balanced and fell headfirst into the tree. The tree teetered for a moment before tipping backwards, falling until it came to rest against the window. A half-dozen of the glass baubles hit the floor and Sherlock heard at least one of them shatter. He dropped the string of lights and lunged across the room towards Rosie.
"I—I thought you didn't do this sort of thing." His own hand was still on the doorknob; he wasn't sure if his legs would support him if he let go.
"Thank you both for your concern, but I believe I can finish assembling this without an audience. Mummy, I understand your urge to come visit Eve, but don't you think you need to leave soon if you want to make it home at a reasonable time tonight?"
He inspected himself in the mirror: no bruising that he could see, and John had hit him low enough on his nose that he didn’t think he’d end up with a black eye. It only hurt when he touched it, and it definitely wasn’t broken.
Mycroft shook his head. "No one in the flat even knew she'd been there, until they went into the bedroom and found Sherlock's clothes."
"Well now," Mummy said. "That was much easier than I expected. I didn't even need to use the mistletoe."
Sherlock settled his left hand over John's right. "You've kept your promise—she's never had to want for anything."
“I hope you’re watching, Sherlock! I was going to call you to make sure, but I threw Johnny’s phone out the window. It wouldn’t stop ringing!” Moriarty zoomed out so he was in the frame again. “I think I’m having more fun than Johnny is so far. I’d like to wake him up to play with him, but I’m afraid he’ll try to run away. Well, in a manner of speaking.” He giggled. “Oh, Sherlock! Did he run away from you? Is that why I found him all by himself in the middle of nowhere? He did seem upset when I picked him up.” He leaned towards the camera so his own face filled the entire screen. “Did you have a little lovers’ quarrel?”
John shrugged, carefully folding the letter so he could tuck it back into the envelope. "It's okay. I wasn't sure.... You know I wasn't even sure if I wanted to do it." He licked his lips once. "At least this way I don't have to worry about making that decision."
Mycroft didn't respond. He shooed Stone out of the way and turned to inspect the doorknob as if he had never seen such a thing before. "You need to get a better lock for this door and start using it."
Mrs. Holmes's eyes widened. "Did he...did he try to take Eve away? He did, didn't he?" She rose up off the sofa. "He is not to touch that baby. I will not let him near her. He will have to go through me first. He—"
He'd known Sherlock for ten years now. They'd been living together again for four years, and sleeping together for three; John knew when something was wrong. He caught up to him in the kitchen and grabbed the sleeve of his dressing gown, replaying the brief interaction in the living room in his mind. Sherlock had seen what they were watching, spouted off some unexpected knowledge of a niche television series from thirty years ago, and then fled. "You don't need to be embarrassed to admit that you used to enjoy pop culture, you know."
"I would have, but this flat is too small and you'd see me if I tried to go and use Lestrade's toothbrush." He closed his eyes and let the sounds of the football match fade into background noise, empty and soothing as John silently played with his hair. He had a vague intuition that he should be the one comforting John today—
"Okay, as long as you think you can handle it. Wouldn't want you to wake anyone up shouting my name or anything."
"No, probably not. She'll always be a step ahead of me. But I'm trying to find out where she's been."
John wrinkled his brow, then gasped. "Oh, God. Sherlock. I forgot. I completely forgot. How could I?"
Once they were in the cab headed home, John slipped his hand into Sherlock's and asked, his voice low, "How do you do that?"
"Do?" Sherlock got to his feet. "We're going to let Eurus and Eve sleep as long as possible, which in my understanding will only be a couple of hours. We'll eat these eggs that you started to make." He waved a hand towards the hob. "And then I'll make Eurus more if she still wants them when she wakes up. You should probably get some sleep, too. The bed in your old room is still made up from when you and Rosie stayed here last. I'm not tired yet, but if I am later tonight I'll kip on the sofa."
Sherlock wrinkled his brow, unsure of what she meant. How long did she think it took to raise a child?
"Yes, now I can touch you lower. I let your cock slide out of my mouth for a second and shove my fingers in instead, getting them as wet as a I can, then I put my hand down again, and slide the tip of one finger—"
Sherlock shrugged, then shook his head. "Not any one incident in particular. That's why it's so frustrating." He made fists of his hands and pulled the dressing gown tie taut between them. "I was alone with Eve. She had a clean nappy. She drank a bottle and I burped her. She cried for a minute or two, no more, then fell asleep in my arms. So I put her in the cot. She wrinkled up her face as if she were about to wake up and cry again, so I put my hand on her chest, and she went to sleep more deeply. Then I left the bedroom, thinking I should have a shower and a shave, but instead I came out here and sat right here on this sofa and thought about getting high."
"Agreed. Do you want something to drink? Tea? Coffee? Beer? Scotch? Wine? Erm, hot chocolate? Milk? Orange juice?" He thought that covered everything they had in the house.
"Oh, hello," John said, grinning back at him. He couldn't say he was surprised to find Sherlock naked, given that they were on their honeymoon—he would not call it a sex holiday no matter what Sherlock said—but when he'd gone in to have a shower, Sherlock hadn't even been in the suite.
"Yes. As long as we keep the two of you contained. And no one incites a war between Sherlock and Mummy."
“Well, try more quickly,” Mummy said. “He can’t be comfortable with his arms stretched behind his back like that.” She patted Sherlock’s knee; he blinked once and then decided to ignore her.
"A date?" John frowned. He didn't object to her dating—she was almost 18, after all. She'd had a boyfriend briefly about a year ago, but it hadn't lasted long and she hadn't mentioned anyone else since then. "Okay, then bring a date if you want to."
"We'll need more than two seats, John," Sherlock said, as they moved through the crowded auditorium, trying to outpace the dozens of other parents and family members who were vying for seats closest to the stage.
"It's okay. You were amusing. Wasn't the usual nightmare, anyway. I mean, it wasn't a good dream, but.... I just wanted to make sure you were still there."
"It was a smoke bomb, your house is easy to break into, and my therapist wasn't even in the same country as Moriarty." Sherlock ticked off his rebuttal points on his fingers. "He has killed five people, but only because he was targeting his former employees."
"No, no! That's not—" He gave a quick peek over his shoulder then once more faced away, at a complete loss as to what to do. No, he knew what he should do—he should leave, and pretend this hadn't happened at all, but he couldn't make himself do that.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the use of the dog's full name. He straightened the fall of his jacket and stalked across the room to stand in the kitchen doorway. "Go away."
"Mummy, he's not taking her," Sherlock said. "He wanted to, at first, but once I told him that I planned to keep her here, he came to his senses."
Rosie came over to give Molly a hug goodbye, and Mrs. Holmes sat down on the sofa again, apparently settling in to watch and offer advice as Sherlock attempted to assemble the glider and its footstool.
He dropped the box with the foot bath in the corner of the room—he'd keep it upstairs, he supposed. For some reason Sherlock had seemed upset at the gift, although John didn't understand why. John himself hadn't been pleased with all the jokes the Yarders had made about foot massages, but Sherlock had never been bothered by that sort of insinuation in the past.
Rosie nodded and led him through to the kitchen, where he pulled the seldom-used pocket doors shut so they wouldn't disturb Sherlock.
Mycroft started going on about putting cameras in their flat, and John interrupted to insist that they only cover the entrances to the building. Which obviously was what Mycroft had intended to do in the first place, but Sherlock let the two of them argue about it anyway. Cameras at the front door and covering the windows on all sides of the building might reduce the chances of Moriarty delivering any more macabre packages, or they might not; he did seem to love an audience.
