Holmes did not seem as caught up in this point as I was. “As proprietress of this establishment, she often takes certain liberties; observing the dalliances of her patrons for instance. I believe her choice of dress facilitates her hand playing with her own cunt.”
The invite was welcome on such a sweltering day and the two companions quickly bounded after their friend, each glad to untangle themselves from the sticky conversation in the house. At the riverbank, they found a clutch of young men, each around their same age, diving and jostling in the water, and wrestling one another beneath the cool waves. The women knew not to come upon the menfolk in this state, and so the air was casual and unfettered, with all the men stripped down naked as they frolicked in the waters. Hope drank in the sight of the muscular Mormons and their magnificent bodies, taking care not to let his eyes linger on the parts he most desired, their curvaceous buttocks and mouthwatering instruments. He nodded hello to one of the elder statesmen from the city, a Mr. Enoch Drebber, who had decided to join in the nude festivities and was currently sunbathing on the shore.
“We eventually went our separate ways,” said Hope, his eyes downcast in remembrance. “It was for the best. He was a singular man and I needed to explore love beyond the confines of the tribe.”
Holmes ignored my remark. “There was the case of Lord Gremely’s embarrassment last year. And the ambassador Von Bischoff more recently. Bradford was caught with Muller just last month, the story of which nearly reached the news. And all those cases could have been avoided with this.”
Our rutting, sweat-stained bodies froze, my colossal implement shoved as far inside Gregson as could be managed. Explanatory words entirely failed to form inside my mind.
The thought had hardly passed through my mind when the man whom we were watching caught sight of the number on our door, and ran rapidly across the roadway. We heard a loud knock, a deep voice below, and heavy steps ascending the stair.
So alarming did the state of my finances become that I soon realized I must either leave London and rusticate somewhere in the country, where it would likely be harder to satisfy some of my indulgences, or make a complete alteration in the state of my living. Choosing the later alternative, I made up my mind to leave the hotel, and take up quarters in some less pretentious and less expensive domicile.
A flicker of recognition passed over Drebber’s face. But he buried the expression. Instead, his eyes fell once again to Holmes’ crotch and he swallowed, as if salivating too much.
Strangerson had been with him the longest, the two eventually finding something like romance between them, in spite of Drebber’s perpetual shame and his long-suffering wife. Drebber even slipped his secretary a ruby ring he’d once bought as a gift for his wife, conferring it to Strangerson as a token of his companionship. Yet in his heart, Strangerson knew that Drebber was incapable of loving him, and that their relationship was wrong. Not only because Drebber was married, but because he was constantly plotting with the Mormon elders to keep him far away from the convert who had, in their eyes, soiled him. Yet Strangerson never lost hope that he might see the beloved from his youth one day again.
“It is wonderful,” I told him. “Your merits should be publically recognized. You should publish an account of the case. If you won’t, then I will for you.”
I see that I have alluded above to his powers upon the violin. These were very remarkable, but as eccentric as all his other accomplishments. That he could play pieces, and difficult pieces, I knew well, because at my request he has played me some of Mendelssohn’s Lieder, and other favourites. When left to himself, however, he would seldom produce any music or attempt any recognized air. Leaning back in his arm-chair of an evening, he would close his eyes and scrape carelessly at the fiddle which was thrown across his knee. Sometimes the chords were sonorous and melancholy. Occasionally they were fantastic and cheerful. Clearly they reflected the thoughts which possessed him, but whether the music aided those thoughts, or whether the playing was simply the result of a whim or fancy was more than I could determine. I might have rebelled against these exasperating solos had it not been that he usually terminated them by playing in quick succession a whole series of my favourite airs as a slight compensation for the trial upon my patience.
Strangerson gazed at his friend, who was so wise in his ways. Beneath his tough exterior, Strangerson knew that Hope harbored a gentle and caring compassion for the world. Despite his odd manners, the convert was more of a true Christian than many he’d known in his community.
We continued in this manner for some time, and I enjoyed being both observer and participant in our revelry—watching Holmes expertly lunge his colossal grandeur into Drebber’s enthusiastic slot while my own implement slid between his heavenly lips. Soon, I could feel the tightening of my testes that indicated the impending critical period. The other two men must have begun to feel the same, as their breath quickened and passionate exclamations increased. Holmes grasped Drebber’s torso and dove into him with greater force and urgency. Drebber trembled with excitement; the three of us grunting like a troop of baboons.
I smiled at Stamford’s clumsy attempts at flattery and told him of my adventures, and misadventures. He leaned in to pay closer attention to my insinuations. Men like us become scholars of subtlety and entendre from a young age, though I kept things vague so as not to tip off our driver. Still, I noticed a flushing in his cheeks and the development of a small bump in his trousers. At one point, he took what I thought was a risky step and brushed his gloved hand against mine. Admonishing him with my eyes, I pulled back. But he gave me a small mischievous look as the cab pulled into our destination.
And so it happened that Drebber took Strangerson on a foray to the club Rache. It was meant to be simply something to spice up their sex life, which had of late grown stale, yet it ended up with a complete disillusion of their relationship. For at the club, Strangerson came upon an American prostitute with steely eyes and a drooping moustache and he instantly knew that he had found Hope again. He told Drebber that he was leaving, though kept the name of his true love secret so that the Mormons would have a hard time finding them again. As a final retribution for keeping them apart for so long, the two men broke into Drebber’s home while he was visiting friends with his wife and fucked on his bed. Drebber could neither admit that he knew this, nor that he had given his wife’s ring away to a miscreant, and so was forced to lie to the police.
I leaned forward for a kiss. But Stamford pulled back, his eyes reprimanding me. It helped me remember myself and the society I lived in. I might feel passionately about Stamford at the moment, but decency and decorum would not allow our emotions to exist outside this bedroom. We both shifted uncomfortably for a moment and I cleared my throat.
“Very good, very good,” said Holmes, smiling. “The cabman may as well help me with my box. Just ask him to step up.”
Strangerson, who found it easier when discussions turned on spiritual subjects, straightened up. “Passion is well and good,” he said. “But it must be harnessed in the proper way, for instance turned towards the production and rearing of children, or in devout supplication.”
“I generally leave chemicals around,” he said. “And occasionally do experiments. Would that annoy you?”
Strangerson avoided his friend Hope for some days after this episode, unable to face the convert following his intrusive eavesdropping among the reeds. Not understanding the reason for this sudden change in their relationship, Hope took to moping about his house, emerging infrequently to wander about the city with a brooding expression. His neighbours comprehended that something was amiss, and gossip spread throughout the town.
I took note of the fact that Mr. Drebber’s personal items had been scattered about the room, perhaps in some haste, and that they described a man of flair, a bit flamboyant with his tastes.
Seeing these three, while also surrounded by two more unbelievable creations, penetrating and being penetrated, it was all too much for me. I began to come, my fourth or fifth attainment that evening, the orgasm both understated and yet euphoric. I believe I achieved what the Eastern mystics call nirvana, that moment when one is caught up in the awe-inspiring elation of being. My backdoor partner, perhaps feeling my twitches, achieved his own critical period then, and I felt a warm flood of semen rush out to intermingle with all the others inside my cavity. Our third must have also been quite close, for his dick now issued forth a parabolic fountain of cum that shot up and landed in a glob on his furry chest.
“You shall remain here,” he said. “In a few days you will have recovered from your fatigues. In the meantime, remember that now and for ever you are of our religion. Brigham Young has said it, and he has spoken with the voice of Joseph Smith, which is the voice of God.”
In his hand he held the wooden handle of a long hose. This was connected to a water pipe, a device I recognized; the men in Afghanistan had called it a huqqa. The young Moor at my side stated that it contained hashish, though I was still reeling and didn’t fully pay attention to his words. Offhandedly thanking him, I took the hose and sucked in a long draw. The smoke was scented with rose and a lungful relaxed my beating heart.
“No—I have no idea what he does to be honest. He is certainly well up on his anatomy, and he is a first-class chemist. But as far as I know he has never taken out any systematic classes. His studies are very desultory and eccentric, but he has amassed a lot of out-of-the way knowledge which would astonish anyone.”
On the pewter dish sat an array of oils and unguents. We each reached over to grab one; I smearing ointment on my impatient arsehole while he coated his substantial member with cream. Leaning down, I kissed him. We locked eyes in the low candlelight, sweat dripping down our faces. His ebullient smile melted my heart. This moment, the calm before the fucking, was one I wanted to savor for as long as I could.
The young scout felt his heart beating fast, though he knew not if it was due to his exertions running up the cliff or for some other reason. He explained to the gaunt man before him that his appearance was no delusion.
“One night as I returned from a hunt with the other warriors, I opened the flap to Napayshni’s teepee and found a shocking sight. Another white man was within, thrusting himself into Napayshni. The stranger donned the hat and bandana of a cowboy but was otherwise entirely nude. He wore a wooly beard and his chest was bursting with burly chest hairs, his proportions as thick and well-developed as Napayshni’s, who crouched on his hands and knees beneath the man. The two of them howled with effort and pleasure.”
Jack Saul of Lisle Street seemed content to simply sit beside me. He pressed his thigh calmly against mine, though gave no additional indication of interest. Clearly, it was up to me to initiate further interactions.
I looked around at the apartment, which was desirable in almost every way. The terms that Holmes had given for the rent were quite moderate as well. And it would be nice to lodge with someone from whom I would have no need to hide my interest in men. Holmes might be a bit eccentric but there was also something interesting about him. Perhaps I could learn a few things. I took his hand and shook it, concluding our bargain on the spot.
“We came here on business,” he said, sitting down on a three legged stool, and pushing another one in the direction of my foot. “My friend here want to take diggings, and as you were just complaining that you could get no one to go halves with you, I thought I might bring you together.”
“You amaze me, Holmes,” said I, as we took our seats. “Surely you are not as sure as you pretend to be of all those particulars which you gave.”
We both walked into the coatroom together, where we found ourselves momentarily alone. Stamford again showed brashness I had never imagined by leaning to whisper in my ear. “Come back to my room,” he said, his fingers sweeping past the aching bulge in my crotch.
“On, on to Zion!” cried the crowd of Mormons, and the words rippled down the long caravan, passing from mouth to mouth until they died away in a dull murmur in the far distance. With a cracking of whips and a creaking of wheels the great waggons got into motion, and soon the whole caravan was winding along once more. The Elder to whose care the waif had been committed let them to his waggon, where a meal was already waiting for him.
With this, he turned and faced us with his rear, crouching into a squat to render apart his butt cheeks. Though thus far Holmes’ enormous frontal appendage has been the focus of much narrative attention, his backside is also worth some careful consideration. Holmes’ muscled buttocks resembled smooth granite boulders, their vigor no doubt strengthened from many hours of outstanding thrusting. Each cheek had but the fairest amount of hair, yet remained among the most masculine of any anatomical structure I’d ever seen. Within his precipitous crack lay a delectable roseate pucker, which Holmes was now displaying proudly for his double audience.
“To Salt Lake City. The hand of God leads us there, following the person of our Prophet.” Great pity rose in the young man’s breast, and the desire to foster this new stranger who appeared so haggard and in need of brotherly love. “You must come with us so that we can nurse you back to health. But if you do, it can only be as a believer in our own creed. We have no wolves among our fold. Will you agree to such terms?”
Sherlock Holmes began a slow and steady stroke, his ridiculously large member shifting like the piston of a departing train. While thrusting into Drebber’s opening, he removed the remainder of his clothing. My eyes drank in the sight of his nude, brawny frame and the woolly hair on his chest. He leaned forward and undid Drebber’s coat and shirt, which had become sweat-stained from exertion, and then twisted his head beneath Drebber’s thick and muscular body to lick his engorged, pink areolae. Drebber responded with an elated cry as Holmes took Drebber’s cock in hand once again and began to pump it.
Gregson led us inside the house, a clean and officious place. A short passage from the entrance opened into a living room. I took note there of a classical bust placed upon a mantelpiece of imitation white marble, a depiction of the priapic Hermes. It was a vulgar item, though its sexual display was easily ignored by upper society men and women, who simply considered it a classical statue. A framed painting of Zeus absconding with Ganymede was another subtlety signaling hidden depths to men of my variety.
I was in a state of great anxiety when the cheque arrived. Noticing that desire hung thickly around us, I asked him if there was a place we might go for more privacy. A passing waiter glanced awkwardly at me when I said this, though the alcohol made me insensible to his stare.
Breathing heavily, I walked around the block for as long as I dared. My dick had been tucked behind my belt for a good part of the evening, while my mind churned with thoughts of what I would to do Stamford once we were good and properly alone. Deciding that enough time had passed, I went up to the door and slipped the key into the lock.
I woke in Holmes’ bed, alone. Shafts of morning light fell upon the wooden parquetry of the floor and I vaguely remembered getting up to relieve myself in the middle of the night. But exactly when the other two men had departed from the lumpy mattress, I couldn’t at the moment recall.
He smiled. “I suppose there are a few particulars you might have to leave out of this Study in Fornication, else the masses would be horrorstruck.”
No sooner had he said these words than he unbuttoned the fly of my trousers and pulled out my cock and balls. I was too shocked to do anything but stare as my member draped indecorously over my hairy pouch, the rest of my body fully clothed.
Lestrade stared hard at Holmes, and I wondered about the conflicting emotions within him; he seemed simultaneously furious at my companion’s aloofness and bitter that he had not been invited to our romp.
“Was a good time had by all?” he asked, tipping his head playfully. I nodded, though did not wish to go into particulars. “Well, during my exertions I learned an interesting fact: Joseph Strangerson has been here recently.”
Though Gregson remained under control, I could see that the story had a prodigious effect on him, and his breath caught when I uttered the final sentences. Almost inaudibly, he mentioned that he wished he could be so courageous.
Annoyed at being interrupted from the plaything at his face, Drebber pulled off me and turned to Holmes. “Yes!” he cried. “That’s where he met his damn fool of a lover who has my wife’s ring!”
They were about to resume their journey when one of the youngest and keenest-eyed uttered an exclamation and pointed up at the rugged crag above them. From its summit there fluttered a glint of gunmetal grey, showing up hard and bright against the rocks behind. At the sight there was a general reining up of horses and unslinging of guns, while fresh horsemen came galloping up to reinforce the vanguard. The word ‘Redskins’ was on every lip.
A bolt of insight so powerful now overtook young Strangerson. It was as if the sky had broken open above his head, and suddenly he saw the world with eyes anew. How many times had his friend Hope referred obliquely to some encounter whose details remained obscure? Why was there always an air of tension and anticipation when the two of them were together? How was it that he had he not noticed these things before?
“Vin Mariani?” he offered. I told him I thought it was a bit early for wine. “Nonsense,” said Holmes. “A cup of this is more stimulating that tea.”
9. Sensational Literature.—Immense.  He appears to know every detail of every scandalous encounter committed in the city of London and beyond.
Though guileless Gregson seemed to find this an easy enough request, the look on Lestrade’s face indicated that he didn’t entirely like where this situation was going. But he acquiesced and left myself, Drebber, and Holmes alone.
“A fellow working up at the chemical laboratory at the hospital with whom I had an… encounter. Afterwards, he was bemoaning the fact that he could not get someone to go halves with him in some nice rooms which he had found, and which were too much for his purse.”
“He and Rance were occasional lovers. But Strangerson had rejected Rance’s most recent offer of a dalliance. Apparently, Strangerson had rekindled an affair with an old paramour, a Mr. Jefferson Hope, and would have no other.”
“It’s no matter,” I said, feeling at the height of relaxation. Gregson’s sudden entrance should have sent me scurrying, but it instead gave me no qualms. There was a sense of satisfaction at having my nearly-nude body on display, the tuffs of chest hair peeking through my undershirt, especially for a delightful dish such as himself. Though I have heretofore neglected to mention it, Gregson was an exceedingly handsome fellow, with enthralling emerald eyes and a neat blond beard adorning his cheeks. He was solidly built, like myself, and I could tell that the physique of a boxer lay concealed beneath his tight-cut checkered suit. His innocent distress made him all the more endearing.
Of course, my body had other needs that soon announced themselves. My pucker was now twitching expectantly and so I once again moved backwards over Saul’s body. His tip slipped unexpectedly into my compartment; the task happening so smoothly that it stunned me. Normally, I required a fair amount of digital encouragement to relax my purse strings yet here we were, Saul’s glans already working its way into my hole. Sighing with a combination of delight and surprise, I felt his stiffness dig slightly deeper. Saul looked at me as if to ask if everything was alright and I nodded to indicate that he continue.
Stamford looked at me like a caught lamb. “Quite so,” he said. “Though that needs not be the only criterion for two men to get along.”
The glans of his cock glistened with precum in the golden light, its tip poking coquettishly from a foreskin sheath. My tongue tasted this delightful indulgence, one hand wrapped around his shaft as the other continued its eager dance against his butthole. Taking the head into my mouth, I twirled my tongue over the tip and took back his foreskin. Stamford practically fell back against the wall, enraptured by my carnal skills.
Shaking my head, I realized that I’d fallen into an abysmal state. Holmes had affected me more strongly than I cared to admit. Here I was in a veritable paradise; there was no sense sulking. Why venture home alone when men were readily available all around?
“That’s strange,” he said. “It appears that someone was trying to write the name ‘Rachel’ here on the back, but stopped. Is that your wife’s name, Mr. Drebber?”
“Looking for lodgings,” I said, glancing around. “Trying to solve the problem as to whether it is possible to get comfortable rooms at a reasonable price.”
“My passions were so provoked that I rested my hand on his solid buttocks and tried to press him further into my throat. I wished for nothing more than to drink every inch of his dick, to feel it slide in and out of my fore-end until nothing remained of living beyond this incredible feeling. Napayshni had unleashed my true nature—that of a cock-hound—and I had to give in to the desperate cravings that had long remained hidden within me. The healer laughed at my eagerness and prevented me from impaling myself too far. After some continued stimulation, he began to issue sounds that made me understand an offering was on its way.”
With these heady thoughts whirling through my mind, my cock began to spasm, expelling a tremendous milky white stream that coated my torso, my neck, my face, and even Saul’s. We drank in its delectable spray, more copious than I believe I’ve ever before produced, as waves of abandoning joy traveled toe to crown through my being. Saul continued his thrusts for a few more heavenly moments before giving in to his own expulsion. As he came, he pulled out his magnificence and aimed it all around, dousing us both in a second shower of sticky discharge.
6. Male sexuality.—Practical, but limited. Claims to tell at a glance the desires of different gentlemen, though I sometimes suspect he is inventing things.
The two of us sat across from one another, neither apparently able to come up with something further to say. Holmes bit his lip and gazed into my eyes.
Nuzzling my neck, he whispered in wonderment about the unbelievable partaking we had both shared. “You are a savant of sex, my friend. Do not close yourself off from others.” After cleaning off, I thanked and paid him. Lingering on the bed, we held each other, kissing and embracing while reiterating our mutual bond, our soft endowments rubbing against one another. I knew this would not be the last time I sought out the company of Jack Saul.
The man he held sported wild brunet sideburns and a toothy grin. His face seemed rather low-brow for my tastes, with a crooked nose and a scar above one eye. He wore the pants and shoes of a constable, though the rest of his uniform seemed to have gone missing. Holmes appeared delighted with his find.
“He rather enjoys having his armpits licked,” said Holmes, demonstrating with a protracted taste of the man’s underarm that made Rance laugh. “And this one—” Holmes scrutinized the Moslem on the couch beside me— “He seems like he’s up for a bit of anything.”
They came in a variety of shapes, colours, ages, and styles—as if the Empire and all her diversity were on display. Many seemed to be wearing a costume of some kind, often that of a working-class man such as a dockhand, carpenter, or blacksmith. A few donned suits like Holmes and myself—though it was unclear if they were staff or clientele—and several appeared to be of high society. Quite a number were bare-chested or garbed in even less. One nubile young man passed us with naught but the garters on his legs (Holmes gave his cock a playful squeeze as he went by, to which he smiled).
On the little plateau which crowned the barren hill there stood a single giant boulder, and against this boulder there lay a tall man, long-bearded and hard-featured, but of an excessive thinness. His placid face and regular breathing showed that he was fast asleep. On the ledge of rock above this strange man there stood three solemn buzzards, who, at the sight of the new comer uttered raucous screams of disappointment and flapped sullenly away.
Pushing him back, I slid down to my knees before him and unbuckled his belt. Fishing out his engorgement, I placed it in my mouth, savoring its musky flavor, that mixture of sweat and pre-ejaculatory fluid which had come to coat it. Gregson responded by throwing back his head and panting ecstatically. I tugged off his trousers and underwear, throwing them both to the side as I took a good long look at his member. It was neither large nor small, and had a charming upward bend. His bullocks, on the other hand, were enormous, entirely outsized for his particular organ, and I delighted in nuzzling my face against these ovoid treasures within their hairy nest. I sucked one, then the other, running my tongue over their curvature while they were encased inside my mouth. Gregson gasped euphorically at each action and additional fluid came leaking from his tip.
“But you must understand, I do not mix my recreational activities with either my friends nor my flat-mates. You and I will not be sleeping together. That is a firm rule.”
“Your association with him appears an anomaly,” he said, suddenly turning to me with a curious look. “Though I have seen him with a number of… companions… it has never been twice the same man.” This information was news to me, and a mixture of emotions—bewilderment, discomfiture, satisfaction—stirred within my breast. “You seem a good match for him,” Gregson continued. “I’m not sure he could have interrogated Mr. Drebber so satisfactorily without you.”
That sounded not unlike my own proclivities. After all, the world was filled with beautiful and erotically-charged men; even Stamford knew that I would never settle for a single person. ‘To have and to hold till death do us part’—as the mundane couples put it in their vows—would not suit me.
He got up, a loud plopping sound emerging at the same time as his colossal implement. The dark-haired man collapsed to the ground, completely spent. Holmes stood and wrapped a smoking jacket around his body, though he neglected to sash it shut. He strode to the kitchen, his front side resembling the display of a Viennese sausage shop.
“You should fuck me,” Strangerson whispered, surprising them both. Hope came up and kissed his companion’s neck, telling the youth that such an act was not to be entered into lightly. It took practice and care, even with experience.
At this moment, I saw Holmes turn and point to me. He said something to his small audience and then crooked his finger to call me over. I had been enjoying leaning back in my seat, rubbing my prodigious tool beneath my clothing while simultaneously circling my right nipple with my thumb. But seeing how the men all beckoned me as well, I decided to take them up on their entreaties.
“The twitching of my compartment must have been too much for Napayshni, for now he lowed like a bison and began to shoot into my vestibule. He thrust farther than before as the copious ejaculate engulfed my antechamber with its flood of bliss. I could feel his emanations dribbling out and down my leg. After six or seven pulses, he completed his amatory operation and collapsed his bulk down atop me. I fell asleep with his arms wrapped tight around me.”
Holmes smiled. “You provided me with a wonderful reward. After the concert, I spent some time digging into our mystery surrounding Dreber’s ruby ring, and was able to solve almost the entire case.”
But Drebber did not appear to know what my companion was talking about. “I haven’t seen Strangerson in some time. He has nothing to do with this case.”
Holmes and I were led up a staircase to a bedroom, where the mysterious affair had occurred. In it stood a fretful man, about forty-three or forty-four years of age, middle-sized, broad-shouldered, with crisp curling black hair, running to silver at the sides, and a short stubbly beard. He was dressed in a heavy broadcloth frock coat and waistcoat, with light coloured trousers, and immaculate colour and cuffs. A top hat, well brushed and trim, was placed upon his head. He nodded curtly at Holmes and I as we walked in. Lestrade, lean and ferret-like as ever, stood by the doorway, and greeted my companion and myself.
Hope could have smiled at this endearing entreaty. Though Strangerson’s words were as yet immature, he knew what his companion desired. As he continued kissing his friend, he began to undo the buckles of both of their belts. Within seconds, their pants and underwear were around their ankles, and their members each sprang free. Strangerson gasped when Hope’s rigid erection smacked against his bare thigh, a phenomenon he could have scarcely imagined happening just a few short days ago.
Gregson eyed Mr. Drebber about this piece of information. “It that true? Was your secretary here recently?”
Saul squeezed my palm. “I have seen him before at the club. He strikes me as a rather lonely individual, filling his life with things he doesn’t really need in order to distract himself from what he really wants.”
Hope got back on his knees and pressed his tongue once again to Strangerson’s hole. Between licks he explained that the Mormon’s aperture would need to be properly stimulated before it could be induced to partake in the activities they both desired. Feeling himself unravel, Strangerson accepted the blissful encouragement. Hope’s incredible tongue was certainly not a bad precursor to the main event. As the convert continued, Strangerson sensed a change coming over him—no longer would he be a timid child. Today, he was becoming a full-grown man.
The name of Nauvoo evidently recalled recollections to Jefferson Hope. “I see,” he said, “you are the Mormons.”
But Holmes had hidden his thoughts once again behind a secretive smirk. “Come, Watson, or I shall be late for Chopin.”
“Is this something that will happen frequently if we are to live together?” I asked, annoyance in the edge of my voice. Though I have enjoyed my fair share men, above all else I am a Victorian gentleman, and prudence was my main operational mode. This open display of carnality was beyond anything I had heretofore experienced.
There is no need for me to detail my measurements in the Queen’s Imperial. Suffice it to say that I had been with a fair number of men, and seen a wide variety of specimens in all lengths, sizes, and thicknesses—finding pleasure in each. But one thing that has been clear to me for a long time is that I am rather above average in this department. In fact, there have been only a few dicks that come within or exceeded the same range as my own.
Holmes puffed his lips. “That there has been a break-in is obvious. Or, at least, that is what it appears to be.”
Stamford ran his incredible mouth up and down the length of my dick, kissing and licking every spot he found and inducing sensations of wonder in me. When his lips curled over my cockhead, he paused and opened his mouth just a bit. Understanding what he wanted, I rocked my hips back and forth ever so slightly, loving the feeling of plunging into his oral pleasure palace. But I knew most men had trouble accommodating my sex by mouth alone and I did not try to press too far. Stamford did his best to capture as much of me as possible but soon I could see he was interested in a different sort of indulgence.
“It would be robbing you of the credit of the case if I was to presume to help you,” remarked my friend. “You are doing so well now that it would be a pity for anyone to interfere.” There was a world of sarcasm in his voice as he spoke. “If you will let me know how your investigations go,” he continued, “I shall be happy to give you any help I can.”
A flicker of a grin traced over Hope’s mouth. “Well surely you’ve heard the limerick: Young cowboys have great fear/that studs, once filled with beer/completely addle/would throw on the saddle/and ride them in the rear.”
In the glowing light of the restaurant, Stamford’s beauty bloomed. I began to fall in love with the way he continually brushed his fair hair back from his face. His deep blue eyes had a vitality seldom seen. And his one crooked tooth only enhanced the perfection of the others. If I could have, I would have kissed him right then and there, bringing my head to rest on his comfortable shoulder.
The burly detective needed little encouragement, so close he was to divine bliss. With simian unrestraint he worked his foreskin up and down his shaft, concentrating intently on his final release. Holmes and I relished the recital, each of us stroking enthusiastically at our considerable members, our nearer arms flung around each others’ shoulders, our legs stimulatingly intertwined. My entire spirit was aflame with shameless pleasure, the display of Gregson and Holmes touching themselves sending overpowering elicitations through my brain. No doubt my sixteen-year-old self would be overjoyed about the resounding delights that lay ahead of him.
Drebber’s attention snapped away from Holmes’ crotch. “My wife’s name is Muriel, detective. I have no idea who Rachel might be.”
“I thank you for having opened Gregson to these matters,” Holmes said, unexpectedly stroking my wrist with his hand. “I’m certain we will both be heartily received by him at some future date.”
“You and Lucy shall be wed, and not a moment should go to waste. The ceremony can take place tomorrow!”
In fact, the opposite was true and the junior detective seemed distraught that this licentious episode might be over so quickly. “No, no, no,” he said, turning his head from side to side. “This can not be the end of it!”
Seeing the effect of this painful recollection on his dear friend’s face, Strangerson came forward. He stroked Hope’s stubbled cheek with a finger, causing Hope to look up in his eyes. A moment of high tension strung between the two of them.
“That may be,” said Holmes. “But at the very least it will put the idea out there and then perhaps things can start to change.”
In time, I was discharged, and sent back to England. I had neither kith nor kin in England and was therefore free as air. For a man of my persuasion, the dockside where I first arrived was a veritable wonderland. With a quiet wink and nod, I could find myself in a secluded alley, enjoying the pleasure of a delicate rear end with little trouble; the sailors there were incredible creations, carved from Grecian marble. Each had a smile that melted my heart and provided the softest kisses a man could ever dare to dream about.
“As he tugged at my tool, Napayshni thrust his pelvis back and forth over my head, driving his enormity into my oral compartment. Entranced, I accepted the incursion, all the while feeling the bliss radiate from both my engorged instrument and my overstuffed face. Perhaps the concoction Napayshni fed me had heightened my awareness but it seemed as if my entire body were filled with light, a warm and cleansing glow that flashed with every color of the spectrum. From somewhere above me, I heard the healer grunt and out of his implement a bountiful cascade of intoxicating semen burst forth. I swallowed every drop of his potency, the pungent taste of his nectar driving me to new heights of ardor.”
Strangerson bit his lip, his words emerging sotto voce. “Onanism,” he said. “Masturbation.” His mouth broke out into a crooked smile and the two confidants shared a relieving laugh.
I was on the point of asking him what that work might be, but something in his manner showed me that the question would be an unwelcome one. I pondered over our short conversation, however, and endeavoured to draw my deductions from it. He said that he would acquire no knowledge which did not bear upon his object. Therefore all the knowledge which he possessed was such as would be useful to him. I enumerated in my own mind all the various points upon which he had shown me that he was exceptionally well-informed. I even took a pencil and jotted them down. I could not help smiling at the document when I had completed it. It ran in this way—
Loosening my necktie, I knelt down on my knees. I could no longer stand not to have him in my mouth. His endowment stood out erect and ready as I pulled down his underwear and licked the muscles of his Apollo’s Belt. One of my fingers entered the crevice of his downy butt cheeks and toyed playfully with his hole. I rubbed my beard against his balls, sending uncontrolled shivers of pleasure through Stamford.
Holmes smiled as he finished putting on his clothes. “My companion and I found Mr. Drebber quite the charming fellow. They say that genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains. In which case, Drebber might be considered a luminary of our time.”
“The Indians accepted me into their tribe without question, teaching me how to hunt and survive as they did upon the plains. They dressed me in their clothes and let me partake in their ceremonies. I picked up a rudimentary understanding of their tongue, which brought me closer to Napayshni as well as his people. Of our relationship no one seemed bothered. In fact, it appeared to be the most natural sort of thing among the Lakota, that a man and another man could be lovers. With Napayshni occupying the role of a winkté, the tribesmen considered me to be the masculine one, despite the fact that my companion was clearly larger and more strongly-built than me.”
My tongue dove upon the tight aperture volunteered to me, savoring its contractions and the excited yelps I elicited from its owner. His buttocks were exceedingly hairy and I delighted in running my fingers up and down their forested curvature. Standing up, I tapped my hardness against this pliable rear entry. Encouraging calls came from both the men around us as well as my new partner, who pressed back his curly-haired head to give me a kiss. As my rod slipped into the first part of his slick slot, he gasped at my great size but grunted affirmatively to let me know the incursion had been appreciated. Our friends around us helped out, passing me a bottle of lubricant and even rubbing it over my fat tool when I pulled out for a moment to allow my companion to relax.
The inhabitants of this land are the Pawnees and Blackfeet, who use it as their hunting grounds, though even the hardiest of braves are glad to lose sight of the awesome plains and find themselves once more upon the prairies. The coyote sulks among the scrub, the buzzard flaps heavily through the air, and the clumsy grizzly bear lumbers through dark ravines, and picks up such sustenance as it can amongst the rocks.
“It was obvious to me from the beginning that the two of us are quite similar in character. That was the same number of men I had taken to bed during that span.”
He was returning east after a fruitless sojourn in the Nevada Mountains prospecting for silver. His labors had come to little, though he had enjoyed an underappreciated position among the men in his encampment—that of a tension reliever for the all-male cortege of miners. Though each had taken their turn with his delicacies, they had at some point grown uncomfortable with indulgences in passions they considered unspeakable. Their shame and disgust at their own desires had led them to rally against the man and so he, after overhearing a plot to dispose of him, had disappeared into the wilderness before anything foul could befall him.
“My finger slowly disappeared into his snug vestibule, and with each inch he followed my lead by incurring his digit slightly farther inside me. There was a slight pinprick of pain as he did so but Napayshni was a healer—he would not allow me to experience discomfort from his backdoor explorations. He paused whenever I cried out, reaching to re-lubricate his hand with our sensual emanations. Quite soon, I was rather loosened and he was able to slide his finger in and out of my slot with remarkable effortlessness, the exotic sensation pushing me to incredible new vistas of delight.”
I explained the particulars of our introduction, alluding only obliquely to my friend Stamford and the actions that tied us all together. But Gregson appeared to gather the subtext rather easily, swallowing a large dram from his glass as if to douse an internal conflagration blazing within him. In an agitated and somewhat high-pitched voice, he asked if I had always known of my attraction to other men.
“Fear not for water,” cried a third. “He who could draw it from the rocks will not now abandon His own chosen people.”
“If only I could,” thought Strangerson, though he knew those images would forever be burned into the deepest parts of his soul. “There’s more,” he said. “I was so overtaken by what I saw that I polluted myself, then and there.”
The two of us broke away, the enchanting spell between us reaching its natural endpoint. We smiled at one another, and it seemed that each of us was awaiting the other’s reaction before we could proceed. Holmes crooked his head to one side and then swung a muscly arm around my back, pointing me out towards the saturnalian sights around us.
Before trying his luck with the silver lode, Hope had spent a year on a gaucho ranch past the Mexican border. The suntanned ranchers had been sensational and strong-featured, filled with virile machismo that often spilled over into sensuous actions. More than once, Hope had found himself entangled with a group of men grunting in a barn in Spanish at the end of a long day’s work. He had to suppress a rush of blood in his groin as the memories spilled through his mind.
This quirk of personality gave no bother to Hope’s closest friend among the Mormons, the youth Joseph Strangerson, who had educated and inducted the convert into the ways of his new religion. Strangerson had been but seventeen when the party came upon Hope on the alkali plain, and he had felt an instant connection with the outsider, who was only a few years older than him. Strangerson had never quite fit in with the religious society himself, a fact that gave great consternation to his father, the Elder Strangerson. The young Joseph had been a fey child, lithe and taken to bouts of overexcitement, and his father hoped that the rugged Hope’s taciturn ways would rub off on his son.
Catching his breath, Gregson laughed heartily and leapt into our welcoming laps. He wrapped his arms around both Holmes and I, planting appreciative kisses upon our mouths and bodies. We three soon decided to retire to Holmes’ bed, where we lay and napped, Gregson comfortingly squeezed between us. My hands traced lazily over his figure, occasionally daring to run over Holmes’s naked muscles as well, while I drifted off to sleep.
Holmes paid me no mind, spreading the sticky substance on his finger upon the lapel of my coat. I realized that it was a spot of post ejaculatory fluid that had seeped from my ducts following my escapades with Stamford. With a mixture of disgust and shock, I looked at the visible streak and asked Holmes why he had soiled my clothing.
“You seem to be a walking calendar of men’s proclivities,” I said. “You should start a paper on those lines. Call it ‘Sexual Gossip of Yesteryear.’”
At length, they joined the party and splashed with one another in the clear and inviting current. The Mormon youths laughed heartily, having invented a game of slinging river mud at one another and then tussling for dominance in the shallow water. Strangerson watched as a blond baker jumped upon the silt-covered back of a brown-haired companion, the two of them hooting as they fell with a great splash. He grabbed a glob of mud and turned to search for Hope, wishing to peg him with the sludge, but found his constant companion had somehow disappeared.
“Except that!” my friend answered, pointing at the pathway. “If a herd of buffaloes had passed along there could not be a greater mess. No doubt, however, you had drawn your own conclusions, Gregson, before you permitted this.”
“There’s no room for a mistake,” he answered. “The very first thing which I observed on arriving there was the proliferation of footprints in mud all over the grounds. Patent leather and Square-toes walked down the pathway together as friendly as possible—arm-in-arm, in all probability. When they got inside they walked up and down the room to the bed—or rather, Patent-leathers stood still while Square-toes disappeared for a while—“ for the sake of our driver, Holmes did not spell out exactly what the two men were doing—“I could read all that in the dust; the appearance of a robbery was made after the fact in an attempt to hide these actions.”
Continuing my earlier actions, I pumped at Gregson’s aperture, placing my hands upon his fair-haired buttocks to better direct my lunges. The immediate effect of this incursion was to send the young detective into a frantic whirl of tongue lashing, licking his lingual instrument all about Holmes’ rear end and occasionally even sending it to investigate the interior of the luscious compartment. Holmes took Gregson’s hands and placed them upon his enormous member, encouraging him to stroke it and experience the grandeur of its ridiculous dimensions. This tactile exploration extended to Holmes’ butthole, with each man placing fingers inside of Holmes at various times, loosening him for what was to come. Witnessing this incredible and sordid scene quickened my stroke, and all three of us issued groans of ecstatic delight.
Stimulated by these sights, the trio beside us now also found their bliss. First Rance, who shot out sticky ejaculate that coated himself and his penetrators. Then Saul, whose eyes rolled to the back of his head and he pressed his dick deep inside his companion. And finally Holmes gave forth a celestial cry, his powerful physique shuddering as he drained the contents of his mammoth bullocks into the pliant chute in which his exceptional member was encased. He even pulled out his fantastic contrivance—so improbable in its size and capacity for generating pleasure—and fired a volley of sultry gobbets in every direction about him.
The question on the tip of my tongue was too embarrassing to say out loud. I merely stared at the man, perhaps too leeringly, for he gave me a perplexed look as he left.
“That will be one sovereign apiece,” she said, holding both Holmes and myself with a playful gaze. I had the sense that in her imagination we were performing outrageous acts.
Thank you to anyone who read all the way to the end. This was a fun piece to produce. Comments welcome here or at sirarthurpornandoyle@yahoo.com
“Napayshni crouched over me, his muscled legs as sturdy as tree trunks. He squatted down into a low position, aiming my stiff instrument straight upward. My engorged erection sank swiftly into the mountainous mounds of his rump, entering the inviting crack and quickly disappearing into his enchanting opening. The radiating sensations, so novel and delightful, nearly overwhelmed me with their infinite blessedness. I grunted and shouted without regard to anything else, feeling like a man experiencing the holiest of holies. Napayshni accommodated my article with adept fluency, driving himself all the way down until I was fully inside him.”
“A man with the Uranian urge is not shameful, but simply a human being and therefore has inalienable rights. His sexual orientation is a right established by nature. Legislators have no right to veto nature; no right to persecute nature in the course of its work; no right to harm living creatures who are subject to those drives nature gave them.”
I had scarcely any time to consider his statement before there was a tap at the door. Much to my astonishment, a fashionably-dressed young man with full lips and high cheekbones introduced himself as Joseph Strangerson. He seemed to be in an agitated state.
This was a lofty chamber, lined and littered with countless bottles. Broad, low tables were scattered about, which bristled with retorts, test-tubes, and little Bunsen lamps, with their blue flickering flames. There was only one student in the room, who was bent over a distant table absorbed in his work. At the sound of our steps, he glanced round and sprang to his feet with a cry of pleasure. “I’ve found it! I’ve found it!” he shouted to my companion. “I have found a re-agent that is capable of cleaning up the stains and leaving behind no trace.” Had he discovered a gold mine, greater delight could not have shone upon his features.
Twice during his scrutiny, he stopped, and once I saw him smile, and heard him utter and exclamation of satisfaction. There were many marks of footsteps upon the wet clayey soil, but since the police had been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion could hope to learn anything from it. Still, I had such extraordinary evidence of the quickness of his perceptive faculties, that I had no doubt that he could see a great deal which was hidden from me.
“We rolled around together in love, our growing attraction more evident by the minute. Napayshni licked my earlobes and my neck. He brought his mouth down upon one of my nipples, causing me to throw my head back with a beatific cry. My hands caressed the contours of his hips, his abdomen, and his chest, each sturdy muscle pulsing with energy. Our bodies rubbed against one another in procreative passion and Napayshni took both our hardnesses into his hand, squeezing our dicks together in his palm.”
Despite being upset, I was duly impressed. This mixture, whatever it was, would have probably come in handy at many times in my life. “What have you done?” I asked.
I smiled. “He seems to have a remarkable knack for exactitude. Elsewise you and Lestrade would not be consulting with him, eh?”
Freed from their constraints, the two men took to caressing each other’s bare buttocks, running their hands up one another’s backs, and pressing their legs together earnestly. Their existence became a riot of touch and smell and taste as they took to exploring their bodies with every extremity they could press into service. Hope moved around his young friend’s frame and embraced him from behind. His hardened implement slipped comfortably between Strangerson’s rounded butt cheeks and he heard his companion give a cry of surprise and delight.
Hope winced, as if wounded, but managed to speak in an even voice. “That is good. Marriage is a great sacrament among your—that is, our people. Are you not happy?”
Gregson sputtered. “I haven’t told you anything about the case. How in the deuce did you know that we were looking for a robber?”
My hands ran over the bodies below me, circling Gregson’s nipples and sliding over Holmes’ musculature. Instinctively, a part of me knew that my flat-mate would allow this amount of touching, though a voice within told me not to caress his colossal cock lest I violate our tacit agreement with one another. How I knew this remained a mystery but I prided myself in starting to understand Holmes’ alien mind and his strange set of rules. Gregson himself was under no such prohibitions and I eagerly watched as he stroked the unimaginable immensity jutting from the grunting gentleman beneath him.
As the whirl of dust drew nearer to the solitary bluff upon which the castaway was reposing, the canvas-covered tilts of waggons and the figures of armed horsemen began to show up through the haze, and the apparition revealed itself as being a great caravan upon its journey for the West. But what a caravan! When the head of it had reached the base of the mountains, the rear was not yet visible on the horizon. Right across the enormous plain stretched the straggling array, waggons and carts, men on horseback, and men on foot. Innumerable women who staggered along under burdens, and children who toddled beside the waggons or peeped out from under the white coverings. This was evidently no ordinary party of immigrants, but rather some nomad people who had been compelled from stress of circumstances to seek themselves a new country. There rose through the clear air a confused clattering and rumbling from this great mass of humanity, with the creaking of wheels and the neighing of horses. Loud as it was, it was not sufficient to rouse the tired wayfarer above them.
The party lasted for hours and I came several times that night, not all of which I need to relate. During the final occurrence, I had once again found myself pressed between two men. The one below me was on his back, his bronzed skin suggesting he was an Italian, or perhaps Greek, a profuse carpet of hair covering his chest, which I delighted in tugging as I pressed my cock into his accommodating receptacle. The man penetrating me was a gigantic Viking, with a bright red beard and long locks of hair that I ran my other hand through as he repeatedly incurred his way into my tender pucker. The rhapsodic pleasure bathing me from all sides could not have been more agreeable, and I was in rapturous paradise, consumed by carnal matters.
Reaching forward, I grabbed the back of Gregson’s golden hair and maneuvered his bearded face into Holmes’ crack. He responded like a trained animal and, swiftly realizing what was expected of him, began to lick at Holmes’ hole. My flat-mate and I shared a grin as we both got down to business.
We frolicked in this manner for a while, with me directing most of the performance. I delighted in feeling Gregson’s heavy balls slap back and forth, sometimes coming up to contact my nether region but mostly producing the most magnificent smacking sound upon Holmes’ buttocks. Eventually Gregson took over the lunges, moving himself back and forth upon the effective skewer of our combined rods, allowing my grandeur to tickle that innermost pleasure point inside his canal while concurrently egressing and ingressing from the luxury of Holmes’ compartment. Perspiration dripped from my chest to Gregson’s torso to Holmes’ back, the three of us as lubricous as a set of Greek wrestlers.
Holmes brought a shushing finger to my mouth. “Now, Watson, you recall what we’ve discussed. The two of us will be doing nothing of that sort.”
Strangerson himself had grown despondent, torn between competing desires to confess to his friend what he had witnessed and the wish to simply forget about the entire immoral episode. He remained in his room with the shudders shut, languishing in his bed throughout the day. Seeing his dejection, Joseph Strangerson’s parents decided to take action.
The two had certainly spent enough time together in the intervening years, meeting daily for prayers and instructions, often alone in Hope’s well-built domicile. Their keenness for one another never passed into transgressive territory—Hope had learned his lesson from the turncoat miners—though the two men’s conversation always seemed to somehow get caught up in carnal matters.
Momentarily stunned, I tried to make sense of his system. But my body was rather aflame, Drebber’s lips now sliding past the midway point of my shaft, and rational thought somewhat beyond me. Holmes took the opportunity to leave me and sidle up behind Drebber, who was on all fours on the floor. Carefully, he undid Drebber’s belt and removed his trousers and underpants. Like two rounded hillocks, his naked arse stood out, covered in small black curls. The tuft of his bullocks peeked from between his parted legs, which were thick as tree trunks. Below, I could see his plump cock, dripping pre-ejaculatory fluid at a remarkable rate. Drebber seemed to be in a state of frenzied anticipation, more aroused than I had seen any man in some time.
The agitated detective accepted all of my offerings, ensuring that a decent amount of space stood between as sat on the settee with the rum-flavoured cheroot and tinkling glass in his hands. Taking my time, I lit my own cigar, watching his eyes dart about the room in every direction but of my undressed repose.
But Strangerson was resolute. Having listened to his friend’s back and forth regarding Napayshni, he felt that he could accommodate a short trial—the scandalous actions of men and the pleasure they could bring was all he could think about now. Hope was rather enflamed himself and did not take too long deliberating in his mind before deciding that feeling Strangerson’s sphincter slowly swallowing his stiffened tool would not be a bad sensation.
Stamford was ready. I was ready. There was nothing that could stop the union of our bodies. Mounting him like a creature in heat, I slid the length of my cock back and forth between his cheeks, building ever more anticipation before allowing what we both desperately wanted to take place. Stamford called my name, entreating me to fuck him.
“Do not jest at that which is sacred,” said the other sternly. “We are of those who believe in those sacred writings, drawn in Egyptian letters on plates of beaten gold, which were handed unto the holy Joseph Smith at Palmyra. We have come from Nauvoo, in the State of Illinois, where we had founded our temple. We have come to seek a refuge from the violent man and from the godless, even though it be the heart of the desert.”
Giving me a sidelong glance, Holmes added that there had been some additional entertainment during the wee hours of the night. Apparently, he and Gregson had awoken in the darkness with hardened tools and begun kissing wildly. Not wishing to disturb me, they snuck over to my empty bed and gave themselves to one another with passionate enthusiasm. I tried to remain unreactive as Holmes described the incredible sensation of sinking his oversized contrivance into Gregson’s keen and pliable pucker. Busying myself with the teapot, I suppressed a twinge of jealousy at having not been invited to the second act of this performance.
Soon, we were rollicking, my shaft plunging in and out of his depths, both of us shouting in ecstasy. His body was unbelievable, taut and elastic at the same time. Once he was opened up, we switched to a position Stamford enjoyed even more; he on his back as I faced him, his legs spread like an insatiable queen. Each thrust now hit that special spot inside him, the prostate gland we’d seen so many times in medical drawings, giggling and aroused at the same time.
The convert frequently spoke about his life before the Mormons, and this intrigued Strangerson with a burning fascination. The younger man wished desperately to know more about life outside his small and secluded people and what the greater society of men contained.
The pressure against my palate felt astounding, and the accomplishment of disappearing the length of his dick into my fore-end with no gagging reflex filled me with pride. Gregson’s heavy exhalations suggested that the situation was rather overwhelming for him as well. His instincts bade him place his hands upon the back of my head and start to rhythmically thrust his hips. The incursion was not unwelcome and I was impressed with myself for managing to provide the man with what he clearly so desired. As he fucked my face, his bountiful bullocks slapped repeatedly against my chin, the feeling incredible and gratifying.
Holmes beamed. “Stick with me, Doctor, and I hope you will become entranced with the finest study I ever came across: a study in fornication. After all, there’s the thread of sex running through this colourless skein of life, and our duty is to follow its every inch, and see where it takes us. But now for delights, and then for Norman Neruda. Her attack and her bowing are splendid. What’s that little thing of Chopin’s she plays so magnificently: Tra-la-la-lira-lira-lay.”
That very evening I moved my things round from the hotel, and on the following morning Sherlock Holmes followed me with several boxes and portmanteaus. For a day or two we were busily employed in unpacking and laying out our property to the best advantage. That done, we gradually began to settle down and to accommodate ourselves to our new surroundings.
I told him I was having a wonderful time and was quite glad that he was able to arrange these nuptial proceedings. “But could we please go over the particulars of the case? I don’t think I quite understood how you managed to solve it.”
He looked at me strangely over the wineglass. “You don’t know Sherlock Holmes, yet,” he said. “Perhaps you would not care to have him as a constant companion.”
Holmes was certainly not a difficult man to live with. He was quiet in his ways, and his habits were regular. Unless he was with a companion, it was rare for him to be up after ten at night, and he had invariably breakfasted and gone out before I rose in the morning. Sometimes, he spent his days at the chemical laboratory, sometimes on long walks, which appeared to take him into the lowest portions of the City. Nothing could exceed his energy when the working fit was upon him; but now and again a reaction would seize him, and for days on end he would lie upon the sofa in the sitting-room, hardly uttering a word or moving a muscle from morning to night. On these occasions I have noticed such a dreamy, vacant expression in his eyes, that I might have suspected him of being addicted to the use of some narcotic, though secretly I wondered if the drug that plagued his heart was love.
“Napayshni’s eyes widened at this fluidic display and he asked if I was alright. Returning now to my normal state of mind, I nodded my head and told him to please continue. I could see the arousal in his expression as he raised an impressed eyebrow and began to buck like a wild stallion. My pliant hole easily took his uninhibited hammering and I became suffused with erotic contentment. I had mastered these masculine arts rather quickly, and I knew that for the rest of my days I would require an agreeable companion who could give to me what Napayshni was giving.”
Gregson rubbed his hands in a self-satisfied way. “I think we have done all that can be done,” he said. “It’s a queer case, though, and I knew your taste for such things.”
I elected for the former. Holmes showed me to my bedroom, which was comfortable. The kitchen was small but would serve our needs and the living room was airy and, even with a naked man sprawled out on the floor, cheerfully furnished. Jean-Pierre stirred as we entered, rising slowly. He grinned as I attempted to look away from his limp organ and made no attempt to hide his nakedness. He sprawled out on a plump sofa, the hair at his crotch as dark as that on his head.
Hope’s feelings went out to the poor boy, so confused and ashamed at his actions. He wanted to caress his friend’s chestnut hair and tell him that there was nothing unclean about his experience. In fact, it was good and natural that he should encounter such emotions.
Holmes grinned mischievously. “Revenge,” he said. “What better way to take retribution on the man who treated you poorly for many years than by fucking another in his own bed?”
Our day’s exertions had been too much for my health, and I was tired out in the afternoon. After Holmes’ departure for the concert, I lay down upon the sofa in my underwear and endeavoured to get a couple of hours’ sleep. My mind had been too much excited by all that occurred, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. Every time I closed my eyes I saw before me a cavalcade of cocks and arses, of beautiful men touching one another obscenely. Though I had unleashed myself twice already that day, I felt a hardness returning. I caressed my crotch and then brought up my fingers to smell the sex that had spread upon them.
“My compartment accommodated Napayshni’s rigid titan like a sheath slipping over a steel implement. As his article lodged its way into my inner recesses, my awareness slipped into a condition that words can scarcely describe. I seemed to float above my own body, watching the sexual proceedings and their beautiful effect upon me. Napayshni’s burly frame filled the room with its power, caressing me, stretching me, driving into me, and stuffing me with his virility. Out of my dick a geyser of semen unexpectedly erupted.”
“Why, the height of a man, in nine cases out of ten, can be told from the length of his stride. It is a simple calculation enough, though there is no use my boring you with figures. I had this fellow’s stride both on the clay outside and on the dust within. It was child’s play.”
The room we came to was low-lit and smoke filled, redolent of tobacco and other heady smells. From somewhere through the haze came the sound of a player piano and a dull cacophony of voices. Though the space was shadowed, I could resolve a bar in the distance and scattered furnishings; comfortable-looking couches and divans. Draped upon them, turning their heads to watch us pass, was a profusion of beautiful and enticing men.
“You sum up the difficulties of the situation succinctly and well,” he said. “There is much that is still obscure, though I have quite made up my mind on the main facts. I’m not going to tell you much more of the case, Doctor. You know a conjuror gets no credit when once he has explained his trick, and if I show you too much of my method of working, you will come to the conclusion that I am a very ordinary individual after all.”
This information created bewilderment in Strangerson’s brain. “But why did you engage in such a deed, there on the shoreline?”
But even if their noisy session had not been audible well across town, it was unfortunately doomed from the start. For the neighbors had seen young Strangerson enter the house hours earlier and, suspicious, had alerted the relevant authorities. At that moment, Strangerson’s parents had gathered at Hope’s doorway with the other elders of the city. Hearing the terrifying din within, the crowd clustered at the door and forced it from its hinges. The sight before them nearly caused a riot.
Extending his hand, Holmes pulled the darker-skinned man from the couch, slapping his naked, hairy arse once he rose. He placed an arm over the man’s shoulder and aimed his two conquests away into the club. Stunned and stoned, I watched them disappear into the haze.
Soon Drebber was working assiduously on both our stiffened instruments, moving back and forth between each one like a drunk man. He tried to fit as much of our proportions into his throat as he could with each pass, doing a rather commendable job of it. In similar circumstances in the past—a male lover beside me as a second one knelt at my crotch—I would be kissing the nearer companion. And so, I leaned toward Holmes now, parting my lips for an embrace.
He seemed stupefied by my kiss, as if I’d hit him upon the head with the hammer. With his eyes ablaze, he leapt upon me, seeking my lips once more, sending his hands all over the muscled burliness of my body. I encouraged his explorations, pushing his palm down to my crotch, to feel the inflated implement hiding within my undergarment.
Strangerson came up to Holmes, kissed him, and held Holmes’ heavy bullocks in his palm. He whispered something, to which Holmes nodded, and then dropped to his knees. Holmes’ enormity twitched before his face, a teardrop of precum glistening from its tip, and Strangerson seemed unable to believe both its dimensions nor the fact that he was encountering such an extravagance. Entranced, he placed the cockhead between his perfect lips. Holmes and the other men encouraged his actions, their own members straining in their pants.
“We have the cab,” said Sherlock Holmes. “It will serve to take us all to the club Rache. And now, my good friend, we have reached the end of our little mystery. You are very welcome to put any questions you like to me now, and there is no danger that I will refuse to answer them.”
I looked at those gathered in the eyes. “Is that so?” Furious nods of assent went around the circle. “Well they will all have to judge for themselves.”
“It all sounds well and good,” I said, languidly stretching my arms. “Though I will have to put these ideas to Holmes to see what he makes of them.”
Holmes held up the atomizer proudly. “It is a cleaning spray capable of instantly dissolving semen and other ejaculates and leaving no trace. Are you a high-society man looking to hide your torrid affair with the gardener without alerting your washerwoman? With Sherlock Holmes’ patented creation, now you can.”
The woman who opened the door looked at my companion and smiled. “Ah, Mr. Hawthorne—it is always a pleasure to see you back here.”
“Come along, Doctor,” he said to me once I had finished dressing; “we shall go to the club called Rache to seek out further information—and perhaps a bit more entertainment.” Turning to Lestrade he said: “You and Gregson might wish to patronize the establishment yourselves sometime. It could help you with a difficult problem you both appear to be having.”
There were times when I would look at him and be glad for his rules about not mixing domestic and recreational activities together—Holmes was rather not the type of man I typically went for. His hands were invariably blotted with ink and stained with chemicals, yet he was possessed of extraordinary delicacy of touch, as I frequently had occasion to experience when he would run his fingers over my shoulders to get my attention.
The sights, sounds, smells, and sensations of the scene sent me into conniptions of unbridled pleasure. Without delay, I drove the full length of my erection into Gregson’s inviting warmth and began to buck both of our hips together. This induced him to plunge in and out of Holmes’ slick slot, producing the most orgasmic of cries from his mouth. His breath quickened and he tore at his beard and brow—indications of the tremendous dual commotions now traveling through his body. I certainly envied him. It’s not every day that a man gets to delve his dick into a fine and eager opening while simultaneously having his backend stretched by an expansive and hardy implement.
Twitching his moustache left to right, Saul gave me a wicked smile. He retracted his hand from my rigidity. “Of course. There are rooms we could go to for seclusion.”
Holmes did not seem to be listening to the man, running his nimble fingers wildly over the dresser in the room, as well as here, there, and everywhere. During his examination, my companion wore the same far-away expression which I had remarked upon before. So swiftly did Holmes move that none of the assembled persons had any time to react to the rudeness of the intrusion.
Holmes studied us all. “And it can refer to a type of Medieval hunting-dog, once commonly found here in Britain. Perhaps one of you has heard of a club with the same name, over by Cleveland Street?”
“Just give me a help with this buckle,” Holmes said, kneeling over his task. He looked up at me. “Watson, let me introduce you to Mr. Jefferson Hope, the man who will be marrying Mr. Joseph Strangerson in a short while.”
Lestrade’s dark look suggested that he had experienced similar circumstances in the past with Holmes, and he didn’t like them. He was desperately trying his best to suppress the ardor we had roused in him, though his rigid member was visible through his trousers. Gregson, too, had clearly been stirred, though he managed to address us while avoiding meeting our eyes.
Strangerson paddled around between the brawling men, looking high and low for his friend. His explorations took him some way from the others, to a small curve in the river, where he noticed a pair of feet sticking from a reedy patch. A panting noise was emanating from the plants and for a moment Strangerson worried that Hope had hurt himself. But as he came closer, he saw instead that his friend had hauled up on the shore, his nude body writhing agitatedly as Hope did a curious thing.
Reaching over to a side cabinet, I found the bottle that Stamford always kept there. A corked white flask, it was filled with oil from the cocoanut tree—an expensive indulgence, yet one often necessary for men in my situation. Originating in the subcontinent, the oil has been reputed across the far and near east for its health benefits for centuries. It has a distinct succulent flavor and exemplary properties for particular masculine acts, finding mention in certain bawdy versions of Burton’s The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night as being used in catamite brothels.
“I used a pseudonym: Mr. Peaslin.” His face betrayed how clever he thought he was. “But I feel it could help people better understand the world that I and many others live in. It is a part of my work, after all.”
I spoke in a low and steady voice. “Come now, Gregson, have courage. Why did you so boisterously barge into the residence of two men such as Holmes and myself? Were you, perhaps, hoping to witness a scene similar to the earlier one at Dreber’s manor?”
Thinking something might be amiss, I quickly opened the unlocked door and found Holmes entirely nude, thrusting himself into a young companion on the floor of the living room. This display of naked fornication in broad daylight was almost more than I could handle, though the two men took hardly any notice of me as I entered.
We swallowed each other’s swords, the two of us groaning with delight. Neither of our skills could match Drebber’s, though throaty encapsulation need not be the only goal in cock-sucking. After driving down as far as I could, I would pull his enormity from my mouth and run my lips up and down its extensive sides. My tongue tasted his wonderful bollocks and soon his entire crotch was dripping with saliva and other fluids. The warm wet feelings issuing from my own private parts were already almost more than I could bear.
“Oh yes,” Stamford blushed again, moving to an almost inaudible whisper. “He has the most incredible cock of anyone I have ever been with.”
Finally, he jumped up and produced several items that had apparently been the fruits of his search, listing each one as he handed them around.
Hope could see that there was no use hiding the truth from his friend any longer. “It was not nature herself that stirred me, but rather the sight of other men, cavorting and playing with one another in the nude.”
On the very day that I reached this conclusion, I was standing in the Critereon Bar, when someone tapped me on the shoulder. Turning around, I recognized the bashful but handsome eyes of a young man who had been a dresser under me at Barts. His name was Stamford, and the sight of such a friendly face was indeed a pleasant thing for a lonely man such as myself. I smiled at Stamford as he blushed his greeting, no doubt recalling the time when we had indulged in passions that dared not see the light of day. Seeing an opportunity now to reenact some of our glory days, I invited Stamford to lunch with me at the Holborn, and we started off together in a hansom.
Sherlock Holmes rose and lit his pipe. “No doubt you think that you are complimenting me in comparing me to Dupin,” he observed. “Now, in my opinion, Dupin was a very inferior fellow. That trick of his of breaking in on his friends’ thoughts with an apropos remark after a quarter of an hour’s silence is really very showy and superficial. He had some analytical genius, no doubt; but he was by no means such a phenomenon as Poe appeared to imagine.”
As if to save himself the embarrassment, Gregson busied himself with Strangerson’s letter, flipping the paper over. On the back in a charcoal pen was written the word ‘Rache.’
Holmes placed his wet tool in Drebber’s crack and rubbed lasciviously. This seemed to drive Drebber into an even higher realm of ecstasy, and he moaned delightedly. Though with my girth still firmly lodged in his throat, and moving ever deeper, he was unable to produce much more than an excited whimper. The three of us were now positioned like a drawbridge—Holmes and I on either side with our pants around our ankles and Drebber as the span between us.
Strangerson entered, a cavalcade of pronouncements fighting in his mind. He wished to tell Hope about his family’s plans but the words continuously failed to reach his tongue. Hope offered him a seat at the kitchen table and then brought the young man a cup of hot Mormon tea, which helped invigorate the youth and order his convoluted thoughts.
At first, we rarely had callers, save a dark-eyed man who was introduced to me as a Mr. Lestrade. I understood that Holmes had no interest in him sexually, and neither did I. As to what he and Holmes were discussing all the time, I couldn’t say.
Holmes downed his glass and perked up. “Would you like to tour the place?” he asked. “Or perhaps you would like to relieve some tension with Jean-Pierre?” He smiled wickedly. “He is a young rooster and if you give him a few minutes, I’m sure he would be ready to go again.”
His head turned to watch the decadence all around us—the swallowed cocks, the fingered arseholes—but then came back to look me squarely in the eyes. “I simply wished to express how much I have enjoyed meeting you. You are quite unlike anyone I have encountered. I hope that we will have a long and lasting friendship, you and I.”
But now Saul introduced a new element, his finger gently probing at the spot behind my hairy sack. It moved in a posterior direction, landing directly in my twitching hole and sending electric enchantments up and down my body. Matching his movements, I explored his rear end, finding it smooth as his body save a ring of hair just around the opening. Naturally, my mouth gravitated that way. Shortly, my tongue had taken over for my fingers and he returned the favor in kind, each of us diving headfirst into the other’s sweaty crack. We relished our mutual anal-lingual stimulation, our hands running over each other’s glutes, occasionally reaching to tug at each other’s rods.
The man needed no instruction in his enjoyment, pulling out my towering instrument and rubbing it all over his face like a puppy playing with a prized possession. The glossolalia of a frenzied worshiper issued forth from his mouth, an overexcited series of moans, sighs, and exuberant exclamations. Some coherent words appeared, and I gathered that he was thankful for my introducing him to the pleasures of manhood. He told me that he had also been stirred by the sight of nude men but had always deeply suppressed such desires. It was only when he walked in on Holmes, myself, and Drebber earlier today that he realized the extent of his longing. Our unrestricted activities had reawakened a lust that he considered long since extinguished.
Hope had closed his eyes and placed his clenched fist over his rod, which had stiffened to a substantial measure. It stuck straight upward as Hope tugged again and again upon his foreskin, sending the engorged head of his dick out into the naked air. From time to time, Hope would reach up with his other hand to pinch one of his nipples, or send it downward to pull on his hairy nutsack. With dawning awareness, Strangerson realized that this was the action known as masturbation that he had so recently warned his friend against.
With an air of utter nonchalance, my flat-mate began to undress, removing first his tweed jacket and cravat, then his Oxford shoes, his argyle socks, his woolen trousers, his vest, his shirt, his undershirt, his underwear, and finally standing, nude and captivating, with his gargantuan uncut colossus bulging and entirely erect in front of him. Though neither Gregson and I moved throughout the mesmerizing performance, it produced a rousing effect, causing both my cock and his arsehole to twitch expectantly.
I had imagined that Sherlock Holmes would at once have hurried into the house and plunged into a study of the mystery. Nothing appeared to be further from his intention. With an air of nonchalance which, under the circumstances, seemed to me to border upon affectation, he lounged up and down the pavement, and gazed vacantly at the ground, the sky, the opposite houses and the line of railings. Having finished his scrutiny, he proceeded down the path, or rather down the finger of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes riveted upon the ground. He then looked up to an open window on the second floor, white curtains flying in the breeze.
But he was unable to finish his sentence as he had immediately lowered his face and placed my engorged crown upon his tongue. He closed his eyes, savoring the taste, the sensation, the overwhelming emotions associated with finally partaking in cravings that had long remained buried beneath propriety. Settling back, I allowed Gregson to descend upon my member, watching as his lips passed over the corona and frenulum of my cockhead. With the zeal of a new convert, he attempted to sink its immense thickness over and over into the depths of his soft mouth. Warm rhapsodic satisfaction spread throughout my body.
Recollection of that encounter caused blood to flow in my nethers and a moment of awkward silence passed as the mound in my underpants noticeably grew. As we waited, I took a mouthful of smoke from my cigar. “Yes,” I said, feeling bold. “The cross-examination was particularly captivating. Perhaps you would have liked to have witnessed it yourself?”
“Yes, that’s very good,” Holmes said encouragingly. He placed his hand in Drebber’s curls and bade him forward on my member. Drebber complied, taking more of my halfway-hard reward into his mouth. He sucked on it gently, inflating me further.
Yet nothing can last forever. A man accepting another man deep inside him, opening up his sanctum sanctorum, was among the methods that would most readily bring both to come. Enraptured by Saul’s implement, I marveled at the fact that not all men allowed themselves such pleasure; that we alone had figured this beautiful indulgence. I realized that sliding tower, glistening as it worked its exquisite occupation of my arsehole, sundering my body, was not something to be hidden in shadows, covert and clandestine. It was right and good to allow these acts their necessary place among the wonders of the human experience.
“I asked if the man had left behind anything in his room after absconding and the deskman showed me a single telegram that had been lying upon the floor in his room. It was dated from Cleveland a month ago, and contained the words ‘J.H. is in Europe.’ There was no name appended to this message.”
“Because in our delicate era such ideas would not find themselves very welcome. You and I both know that firsthand. It will be completely ridiculed and ignored.”
“That was sheer luck, my friend. By investigating the jewelers of the area, I hoped to figure out some way to help Misters Hope and Strangerson, who I understood were fleeing back to New York. But instead I ran into the two of them while they were looking to get a copy made of the ruby ring. I instantly recognized who they were and what they were up to and offered my services as an officiant at their wedding.”
Perhaps due to his friend’s tender contact, Strangerson felt a demon beginning to crawl through his body. A rush of blood was working its way into his lower regions and he was suddenly swept up with a bold curiosity. “Where did you learn to do that—that thing?” he said. “Touching yourself, that is.”
Hope drove himself upright and brought his lips to Strangerson’s, who received the tender kiss. The men embraced one another tightly, giving in to their mutual desires, finally let loose from rigid social conventions. A fearful emotion pressed in Strangerson’s breast—the worry of what his Mormon family would think. But the dread was soon buried beneath the realization that, no matter what happened next, he would never be able to relinquish Hope again. For his part, Hope swelled with happiness that he and his best friend were able to show one another the true depth of their love.
Alone at last, I felt more free to take my pleasure with him. We kissed with abandon, tongues intermingling like Parisians. The room was dark as ever, a single candle placed on a pewter tray near a mattress on the floor. Piles of pillows and blankets spilled from this rough-and-ready bed. The fact that hundreds of other men had previously given themselves to one another should have repelled me, but it instead stiffened me further.
Sherlock Holmes stood upon a dais between Mr. Jefferson Hope and Mr. Joseph Strangerson in front of a packed crowd at the club Rache. All three men wore suits of the finest cut and make, and each was brimming with happiness. Hope and Strangerson clasped hands between them, their eyes wet with tears, matching ruby rings slipped upon their fingers, as Holmes closed his Bible.
“Oh I wouldn’t say there was anything against him. He is a little queer in his ideas—an enthusiast in some branches of science and an overly keen focus on the carnal. Though as far as I know, he is a decent fellow.”
At the head of the column there rode a score or more of grave ironfaced men, clad in sombre homespun garments and armed with rifles. On reaching the base of the bluff they halted, and held a short council among themselves.
Presently, I found that Holmes had other callers, and they were mostly from different classes of society. The French boy I did not see again. But Holmes returned once with a blond man, very fashionably dressed, who left behind a pair of lavender gloves. A seedy young Jew with brown curls stole a china saucer from the apartment. There was the Irish lad, too, who Holmes dragged into my room nude in the middle of the night to show me that the hair at his crotch was the same burnished orange as that on his head.
“The fricative pleasure of my largest erogenous zone pressed against his was a marvelous sensation. Our cockheads poked out from their respective foreskins, dripping with pre-ejaculatory fluid, appearing and disappearing like prairie dogs on the plains. I marveled that Napayshni was already stiff again after having been so recently with another and swelled at the sight of his enormous appendage. While kissing and holding me close, Napayshni reached around with his other hand and delicately pressed a finger on my trembling pucker. He bade me do the same to him and I acceded, my palm hugging one of his rugged buttocks as my fingertips brushed against his hole. In a husky voice, Napayshni urged me to apply greater pressure. Without warning, the end of my longest digit slipped into his still-wet compartment.”
Hope, who was perhaps more forward than his new husband, came over and tugged at my ballsack. “It’s one of the most beautiful I’ve ever seen.” He immediately dropped down and placed my head in his mouth, eliciting a satisfied exhalation from me. His soft tongue traced over the engorged tip of my implement as he sent it to explore the interior of my sensitive foreskin. The men around us broke into a Edenic state, their clothing doffed, their bodies beginning to writhe against one another in a lurid display of virile contentment. My eyes drank in the sight of beards and body hair, stiff sausages, downy buttocks, bushy crotches, shaggy legs, and all manner of gorgeous manhood beginning to consummate their desires around me.
Holmes read the contents and told me it was a note from Lestrade. He asked us to come to number 3, Lauriston Gardens, off the Brixton Road.
The Mormon fidgeted again, wishing that his reserved companion would just for once let slip some of the details that he was so clearly holding back. “But what of passion? You said that it was overflowing among the men…” Strangerson trailed off, realizing he was being too earnest in his eagerness.
Yet there was still a great deal I was missing and so Holmes gave in to my entreaties and explained the gaps in my knowledge. Strangerson, it seems, held his secretarial position with Mr. Drebber because the elder man was supposed to be a great expert in the reeducation of wayward youths. Specifically, Drebber specialized in taking boys with errant desires and leading them toward the path of righteousness. That he himself was as crooked as any of his pupils was hardly an unexpected turn of events, and many boys suffered from his mixed messaging and guilt.
Both men’s faces were stained with a deep, embarrassed red as they entered, having no doubt overheard our exertions with Drebber. Neither glanced at the stark-naked man on the floor, who seemed not to care much who saw him unclothed. Holmes buttoned his shirt without haste, though his lower half (and the immensity it contained) remained bare. I had to admit that I experienced no discomfort from the detectives’ presence either, and the informality of having the affair out in the open was relaxing. I could certainly get used to such an environment.
“Scooping an arm under my chest, Napayshni pulled me towards him and kissed me as he continued his incursions. With his other hand, he reached around and slipped his clenched fist over my implement. Each gyration of his hips now pulled my sensitive foreskin down over my cockhead, provoking my passions and causing my eyes to roll backwards like a man under the influence of some wonderful enchantment. The symphonic sensation was too much for me and, then and there, I came again, achieving an orgasm that caused my entire being to shudder to its core.”
“Well done!” said Holmes in an encouraging voice. “Really, Gregson, you are getting along. We shall make something of you yet.”
“It is simple enough as you explain it,” I said, smiling. “You remind me of Edgar Allen Poe’s Dupin. I had no idea that such individuals did exist outside of stories.”
Holmes shrugged. “A French aristocrat’s son. Jean-Pierre, I believe. He asked me to help him find a suitable hotel for a man of his tastes while in England. We came to a mutually beneficial agreement regarding his price.”
He gazed into my eyes and told me he had long dreamt of a day such as this. While touching himself alone, he had often stuck his fingers within his craving cavity and even used cylindrical instruments on occasion to satisfy his vexing urges. Such details fueled my own desire and I pressed my husky figure against his, hammering my raging organ against his slippery buttocks. Unstoppering a bottle from the side table, I smeared my hand in unguent and tickled my fingers against his pucker. He entreated my ingress and soon I’d snuck my smallest digit into the tight opening.
As Hope engaged in his stimulating routine, he squeezed his eyes and played images of the nearby nude young men in his mind. He had been overtaken with emotion at the sights in the river, deeming the pleasure he’d receive greater than the risk he would take giving in to his desires. An imagined scene of unbridled hedonism now entered his brain—that of an orgy breaking out among the young Mormon men in the river, glistening dicks plunging into receptive puckers as they drove their nubile bodies together rhapsodically. During this debauched episode, he would of course induct Strangerson into the methodology of male sensuality. The youth would first be down on his knees with his tender lips squeezed around Hope’s cock and then bent over as Hope thrust his enflamed implement into the younger man’s supple aperture. He imagined the bucking, braying action in raunchy detail, envisioning every aching sensation of the masculine merrymaking.
“The sensation was rapturous, so overwhelming to me to feel another man pleasuring my extremity that I gave not even a second thought to doubts or reservations. Napayshni worked with accomplished grace, sending me into convulsions of pleasure as his fingers danced over my rigidity. He knew how to drive me forward toward the erotic edge of orgasm, only to pull back at the last moment and let my sensual energy recede enough to delay my outburst. His digits caressed my swollen testes, tenderly rubbing the base of my shaft and stroking me toward paradisiacal ecstasy.”
Holmes pursed his lips and looked askance. “It is simply something I am able to figure out.” He smiled. “But no matter. I am of the same temperament as you when it comes to men, Dr. Watson. And I have no problem if you bring one home as often as you like, if you would not begrudge me the same courtesy.”
Saul directed my hand into his trousers, and my fingers curled around his organ. It was thick and long, though the details of its scope were hidden beneath the cloth. Reflexively, I began to tug at the shaft. Saul’s hand slipped into my pants and found my own stiffness, and he murmured delightedly at his discovery.
“Ah, now that is a reminiscence that I haven’t thought about in some time. I was but sixteen upon my introduction to male passion. The inductor was my Greek instructor at boarding school—a cliché, I know, but he was incredibly handsome and not more than twenty-four himself. The two of us had an instant connection with one another, our eyes constantly catching during lectures. One day, he bade me remain after class, saying that he needed to give me some private lesson. He hovered over my shoulder as we worked through a complex conjugation exercise and I felt his hot breath on my shoulder. Daringly, I had put my hand on his crotch, his ardor evident beneath his trousers. Fishing out his implement, I took it into my mouth, sucking adeptly on his inflated tool. He came goblets of come, which I greedily swallowed. A few days later, he introduced me to even finer pleasures, fingering my virginal arsehole and eventually lunging into it with his well-endowed instrument. We fucked daily for the entire year after that.”
Hope could feel his friend’s emanating desire, taking great care to work slowly and methodically on Strangerson’s rear. He nuzzled his nose between the bouncing butt-cheeks, snaking his tongue from the base of the Mormon’s bullocks to the top curve of his backend and then repeating the action with zeal. Strangerson grunted from the effort, feeling his pucker loosening and giving way to Hope’s probing tongue. Hope managed to slip his explorations a short way into his friend’s delectable channel, savoring the elated cries issuing from Strangerson’s mouth.
Drebber finished first; unexpectedly as no one was stimulating his sex at that moment. Driven to orgasm by Holmes’ appendage alone, he shot an immense glob of thick white seminal fluid that painted the floor. Seeing this brought about my own flood of bliss, my muscles twitching as I expelled with a cry into Drebber’s willing maw. Holmes kept at it for a while longer, his pace quickening until he could no longer avoid release. He clamped his eyes and tossed his head at climax, producing so much cum that it inundated Drebber’s compartment and leaked out around the edges of his cock.
He now led me over to the bed, sliding his body face-down over the blanket. I was enthralled watching him stroke his manhood against the covers, his eager desire obvious. Doffing the remainder of my clothing, I placed my hands on either side of his hips and pulled his buttocks to my face. I rubbed my beard over those peach fuzz cheeks, inhaling his animal scent with zeal.
I passed my hand over my brow. “My head is in a whirl,” I remarked; “the more one thinks of it the more mysterious it grows. Why were these two men taking such a risk in a house that doesn’t belong to them? Why did they feel the need to hide their affair with this elaborate charade? If robbery was not the men’s intention, they why is the wife’s ring still missing? I confess that I cannot see any possible way of reconciling all these facts.”
The summer heat now pricked the two men as they sat discussing an indecorous subject in Hope’s sweltering household. “Why should this sin of onanism be such an evil?” asked Hope. “Has not the Lord filled men with passion?”
With his wrists locked behind my head, he pulled back and gazed into my eyes. We held this position for a moment, memories of our encounters back in medical school flooding through my mind. With Stamford, it had always been more than a quick grunting fuck. I cared for him, deeply and honestly, just as much as any man has loved a close friend or companion. He had been true to me and the pleasures we gave one another. For that, I would always hold for him a place in my heart.
Eventually, I drifted back out into the club. Coming back to the couch, I found the aftermath of Holmes’ exhibition. Rance and the Moor were sprawled and sated, dreamy grins on their faces as they drifted off the sleep in each other’s arms. Some of the looky-loos around them had taken to coupling in the low light, and a faint background of grunts and moans could be heard all around. Holmes himself had nearly finished dressing, smartly fastening the clasps of his cufflinks as I approached.
“My son,” said his father, coming into his room one day. “Your mother and I have decided it is time that you should marry. Would you not say that the dear Lucy Ferrier who lives down the street is a beauty?”
Taking a refractory break on a couch, I watched the couplings continue. A pair was fucking in the missionary position on the seat beside me and, as I recuperated, I took the opportunity to kiss them both, slapping the penetrator on his chiseled rump as he slapped his bullocks against his companion’s buttocks. A bit farther afield, I saw a man being held up by a group, who passed him around so that each could cherish the pucker he brandished high in the air. More acrobatic maneuvers seemed to be occurring in the distant darkness, from which I could only hear the sounds of gratified orifices being stimulated by sodden tools. When I looked back at the partners next to me, they had been joined by a third. The eager penetrated man must have had a particularly cooperative aperture because I watched in fascination and ardor as the new man plunged his good-sized implement into the enthusiastic hole while the previous partner remained simultaneously lodged within.
He fished out my towering implement, busily moving his lips over the head to collect the succulent juices that had issued forth. The hashish had intensified my awareness, my mind zeroing in on what would provide me with the greatest enjoyment. Seeing his legs over my head, I knew precisely what I wanted. Reaching up, I undid his belt and removed his accouterments. His knob sprang out, the fat tip practically knocking me in the eye. He was as at least large as I was—perhaps a bit shorter though certainly thicker.
His ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge. Of contemporary literature, politics, and philosophy, he appeared to know next to nothing. Upon my quoting Thomas Carlyle, he inquired in the most naïve way who he might be and what he had done. My surprise reached a climax, however, when I found incidentally that he was ignorant of the Copernican Theory and of the composition of the Solar System. That any civilized human being in this nineteenth century should not be aware that the earth travelled round the sun appeared to be to me such an extraordinary fact that I could hardly realize it.
“To gather information,” he replied, locking eyes with a well-dressed man whose dick was currently being enveloped by a bearded mouth. “And perhaps a few other things.”
Gregson held himself starchily as I scratched at the fur just below my neck. “And do you always trust the judgments of Mr. Holmes above all others?”
“A hot sting of discomfort filled my breast. Though I didn’t know it at the time, this was the emotion known as jealousy. I ran from the teepee before Napayshni could rouse from his orgasmic state, seeking succor in the wild night. With tears in my eyes, I lay upon the grass and gazed up at the soft light of the moon. Soon, I heard a voice crying my name—it was Napayshni searching for me. He stood over me and asked if I would return with him to the tent, so that he could render an explanation for what had just occurred.”
Our activity must have been loud and overpowering for it wasn’t until we both heard the sudden sound of the door closing and locking that we realized there was someone else in the room.
“Following the concert yesterday, I set to work calling upon all the hotels and lodging houses in the vicinity of Rache. You see, I argued that if Drebber and his companion had a great falling out and separated, the natural course for the latter would be to put up somewhere in the vicinity for the night. By eight o’clock I reached Foley’s Private Hotel on Duchess Street. On my inquiry as to whether a Mr. Strangerson was living there, they at once answered in the affirmative.”
With the two of us covered in sweat, I began to rock in and out of his inviting entryway as we both produced feral growls. Cascades of sensual bliss radiated from my ample instrument and I could tell that Gregson was receiving similar signals in his body from his receptive aperture. I modulated my thrusts, sometimes pounding away like Hephaestus at his anvil and other times slowing the cadence to a provocative pace. Occasionally, I pinched my partner’s tender nipples with a playful squeeze or slapped his downy buttocks with an open palm, each time eliciting joyous cries.
The vows had been said, the rings exchanged. Holmes stated that, while he was certainly no man of the cloth, he had been inside of one not too long ago, and therefore wondered if some of that man’s priestly powers had been transferred to him.
Interminable minutes passed as we rode the cab to his place. For the benefit of the driver and others around, we embraced one another goodbye as I prepared to feint leaving him. We both took the opportunity to hold on for longer to one another than should have been proper. He palmed me a key and went inside.
Holmes didn’t seem to care for my tone, whereas I didn’t care for his scandalmongering. It was Stamford who saved the situation.
Finally, Holmes reached his hilt—his balls, which were the size and colour of Spanish carombola, coming to rest against Drebber’s arse. Though I might have expected some pain from Holmes’ gargantuan organ, the expression on Drebber’s face indicated the procedure had been delightful, his eyes rolling back and a beaming grin spreading across his lips. He turned once again to the piece in front of him, sliding my member deep into his mouth. For a moment, Holmes and I simultaneously stuffed him; Holmes corking him from the back while my projection stoppered his fore-end.
A well-groomed fellow had crossed the room to stand above me. He was smartly-dressed and carried a walking stick with a jewel. Smiling, he asked if he could take the open seat on the couch. His face was rather kind, with sparkling blue eyes and a debonair moustache decorating his upper lip. He wore his auburn hair long though neatly combed. Despite my ruffled condition, I took a liking to him and moved over to allow him a place on the couch.
Saul and I fell together into the downy softness of the bed, eventually landing in a position where he straddled me from above, our bodies pointed in opposite directions. Undoing the clasps on my trousers, he pulled them down to my ankles as he slid his chest over mine. He rubbed his face at the bulge in my underwear. Sniffing like a fox, he inhaled my aroma, as if no bouquet had ever been finer. His tongue slipped into my underpants just at the point where my legs met—that responsive patch behind my balls—and I squirmed, tugging uncontrollably at my beard and curls.
The scent of male sweat filled my nostrils as my endowment returned to the snug and sensuous compartment from which it had been removed. Rugged hands ran over my brawny chest as I slid forward and several companions leaned in to kiss me. I felt a feathery touch on the curve of my buttocks, its gentle pressure impelling me farther into the incredible chute of the brute below me. He howled with delight when I reached my maximum depth, stopping only when a precum-dripping dick was placed into his mouth. Both my instrument and my nipples had never felt so hard before, my body stoked to a place of inconceivable passion.
As we spoke, Stamford showed me down a narrow lane and passed through a small side door, which opened to a great wing of the hospital. It was familiar ground to me, and I needed no guiding as we ascended the bleak stone staircase and made our way down the long corridor with its vista of whitewashed wall and dun-coloured doors. Near the end a low arched passage branched away from it, and led to the chemical laboratory.
The two men paused here, each scarcely believing the reality of their positions. Hope could have never explained to Strangerson at a point earlier in their friendship that the stimulation of one man’s hole with another man’s tongue was a suitable exploit. Strangerson would certainly have balked at the suggestion. The Mormon youth had never dreamed that such a feat would bring a man satisfaction and assuredly not the profuse pleasure that was currently radiating from his posterior. His pucker twitched with uncontrollable delight as the wet stimulus licked its way around his delicate orifice.
At that moment, there was a violent peal at the bell. The sound of the door opening and a person dashing up the steps three at a time echoed throughout the room. In another life, I would have jumped from my reclining position and attempted to cover my iniquity but instead I remained in a reclining position on the couch, my bushy legs flaunting their socks and garters, the rounded bulge in my underpants scarcely hidden behind my resting right hand.
5. Botany.—Variable. Well up in marihuana, opium and other drugs. Knows nothing of practical gardening.
“At this, I broke down and began once again to cry. I pressed my face into his chest as he hugged me close with his great arms. I told him I had a great deal of love as well, and that I wished him all the happiness he wanted. I understood that the manner and immensity of his love meant he could never be contained by one person. I merely hoped he could share it with me.”
“Come now,” I said, grinning with reassurance. “Tell me what it is that brought you here in such a state.”
It seemed that there was nothing left to do but introduce my considerable cock to his eager receptacle and, with Gregson encouraging me the whole way, I doused my shaft in lotion and placed the head against his outlet. With almost no effort, my crown vanished into the enticing compartment and then the entire length glided past Gregson’s voracious arsehole.
Though he immediately understood what Strangerson was referring to, Hope’s reticent face betrayed no emotion. He merely looked at his friend and said that he had been caught up in a moment of weakness. He told Strangerson to erase it from his mind.
“If you like, I can keep such things confined to my bedroom,” he said. “Though I take it you had some enjoyment from watching us.”
Just now, captured in Stamford’s hand, my beast rubbed against his. When lined up together, my cock extended a way past his; and its girth was noticeably thicker. Stamford was practically ensorcelled by this prize, his eyes unable to believe its dimensions. Like a man bewitched, he lowered himself down to the floor. No doubt any thoughts of Sherlock Holmes and his supposedly magnificent member were now fully banished from his mind.
He stood and pulled me up. After planting a sweet kiss upon my lips, he held my hand and bade me to follow him. Holmes’ orgiastic display disappeared into the smoke, as if it had been nothing more than a mirage. Noticing how, despite my best efforts, I continued to look back at the scene, Saul asked whether or not I knew the man who had swooped in earlier to claim my prize.
“That’s a strange thing,” said my companion, with a twinkle in his eye. “You are the second man to-day that has used that expression to me.”
“The love was clearly more than brotherly for now my organ began to rise. So entranced was I that at first I did not realize that my implement had taken on a life of its own. It was only when the straining tug pulled on my pelvis that I realized how rigid I had become. Embarrassment spread through my chest, but Napayshni seemed unperturbed. With practiced care, he spit on his hand and reached forward his arm. His palm encircled my cockhead and, as he continued singing, he pulled at my stiffness.”
“I shall never do that,” I answered; “you have brought detection in this field as near an exact science as it ever will be brought in this world.”
From afar, I watched as Hope, Strangerson, Holmes, and a small crowd of men laughed and touched one another. The particulars of their words were lost in the hullabaloo but it was clear that their conversation had turned to carnal matters. Many in the circle had thrown their arms around their companions’ shoulders. A few kept reaching for their crotches again and again. Finally, I saw Hope ask something of Holmes, to which my friend nodded. His belt was then unbuckled, his pants and underwear dropped to the floor, and the soft version of his gargantuan instrument tumbled out for all to see. Strangerson, I noticed, gasped at the sight.
When I awoke, the two of us lay naked next to one another on the bed. Stamford was looking at me in an exultant daze, cheerily smirking. His fingers ran gently through the fleece of my belly.
I’ll admit it was not an attractive locality. A narrow passage led us into a quadrangle paved with flags and lined by sordid dwellings. We picked our way among groups of drunks, and men giving furtive glances as they swiftly walked, until we came to Number 46, where hung a sign like that seen above a tavern, decorated with the woodcut of a short-nosed dog. The establishment’s name—“Rache”— was written on a small slip of brass on the door.
Gregson took my ribbing in stride, admitting that he also found my good friend’s skills remarkable. He told me that he had only been working with Lestrade a short time. At the beginning of his occupation, he had failed to understand why his senior partner put up with so strange a man as Holmes. But he had been won over after multiple displays of the Holmes’ incredible talents. Here Gregson blushed, perhaps at some memory surfacing in his mind.
Sherlock Holmes seemed delighted at the idea of sharing rooms with me. “I have my eye on a suite in Baker Street,” he said. “Which would suit us down to the ground. You don’t mind if I smell of strong tobacco, I hope?”
“And what are you up to now?” asked Stamford, as we took our seats for dinner, smoothing over his forwardness in the cab.
“Napayshni brought me back from the brink in more ways than one. As I lay in his teepee, stripped of my clothing, he engaged in some sort of ceremony to drive out evil spirits, waving a smoking bundle of a local plant over my body. Napayshni himself wore naught but a loincloth for this particular ceremony. I must tell you, my friend, that though he was considered womanly by his tribe, this healer was masculine beyond compare. His legs were thick and sinewy, his arms bulging with strength. His skin was dark as fertile loam, his body expansive and brawny, like that of a powerful stag. Looking at him, I could not help but feel an aching desire in my manhood.”
For a moment, I must have gone comatose as the next thing I knew, Holmes was standing beside me, offering a washcloth. Drebber had curled up on the floor next to his white puddle, looking up at the two of us in kittenish exultation, his hand idly stroking his flaccid dick. He gibbered, telling us that had been the most unbelievable experience of his life. Holmes merely nodded, thanking him and saying he would be happy to oblige anytime. Without warning, he called in Lestrade and Gregson.
By now, Stamford was naked on the floor below me, and was arching his smooth buttocks into the air like a rutting dog. Licking two fingers, I knelt down and gave him what he wanted—a little pressure on his trembling hole. He moaned as I rubbed and managed to lodge just a bit more of my cock in his mouth. Continuing my backdoor explorations, I allowed a fingertip to slip past his pucker. He rewarded me with another whimper and an eager shaking of his rear.
“Seems you’re making yourself comfortable,” said Holmes. “I myself have found a dashing companion. His name is John Rance.”
After my new companion caught the attention of passerby and asked him to bring us two beers, he turned to me. "Saul, Jack Saul, Sir, of Lisle Street, Leicester Square, and ready for a lark with a free gentleman at any time." He told me he was twenty-four and originally from Dublin.
“My sweat-covered partner now conducted an acrobatic act, scooping me up in his arms as he drew himself into a standing position. He cradled my buttocks as I wrapped my hands around his neck, feeling his massive cock drive into my exposed pucker while I uttering euphoric declarations. To be entirely under his control as he directed his erection into me was an incredible inducement toward ever higher realms of pleasure. Napayshni grunted like a warrior, his athletic prowess evident at each turn of our carnal session.”
“I’ll tell you one thing which may help you in the case,” he continued. “There was no robbery, simply the aftermath of two men trying hide a secret tryst in a house that doesn’t belong to them. I suspect you will encounter Strangerson and his Patent leather shoes soon. The other man is six feet high, in the prime of life, has small feet for his height, a florid face, wears coarse, square-toed boots and smokes a Trichinopoly cigar. He and Strangerson came here while Drebber and his wife were gone. These are only a few indications, but they may assist you.”
“There can’t be any number of Injuns here,” said the elderly man who appeared to be in command. “We have passed the Pawnees, and there are no other tribes until we cross the great mountains.”
The reader may set me down as a hopeless busybody, and my protestations of how little he attracted me physically merely a ruse. I confess that this man stimulated my curiosity, and often I endeavored to break through the reticence which he showed on all that concerned himself. Before pronouncing judgment, however, be it remembered how objectless my life, and how little there was to engage my attention. My health forbade me from venturing out unless the weather was exceptionally genial, and I had no friends (nor lovers) who would call upon me and break the monotony of my daily life. Under these circumstances, I eagerly hailed the little mystery which hung around my companion, and spent much time in endeavouring to unravel it.
“Though a strapping young lad of eighteen, I had no money and no plans and soon found myself lost in the wilderness, having neglected to plot out a true course in my journey. It is possible that I simply wished to obliterate myself and never have to face my terrible feelings. While disoriented and malnourished in the woods one day, I was saved by a band of natives, who took me back to their village and accepted me into their tribe. We call them the Sioux, though among their people they are known as the Lakota.”
But by far the most spectacular thing in the room was Holmes’ cock. Large and throbbing, it was greater than any member I had ever come across. Holmes continually buried it in the other man’s arse, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as he moaned. He would pull it out, enormous and glistening, only to thrust its unimaginable dimensions back inside again. The dark-haired man on the floor appeared to be in heaven as he took the assault with ease. “Oui, oui,” he cried each time Holmes pushed in.
I introduced myself using Holmes’ invented alias, though gave him no further particulars. Despite the fact that I could tell he was an escort of this club, I was having trouble finding a suitable topic of conversation. My confidence had been dealt a severe blow and I had yet to regain my footing. Just then, our beers arrived and we passed a moment in drinking them.
My brows were becoming crossed at having to pay attention to all the information Holmes was dispensing. “But then it seems you came to a dead end.”
Reclining again, I spread a wicked grin over my lips. “You must understand, Gregson. I am well versed in keeping secrets. I would never tell anyone about certain actions that were to happen here in this apartment.”
Of course, I wasn’t about to let slip this beguiling opportunity and so I tipped forward and planted a tender kiss on Gregson’s lips. He gave but a moment’s resistance, first pushing me away but then melting into my arms as we passionately embraced. Our bodies seemed magnetically charged, pressing together in a heady pull. I allowed my hand to enter beneath his coat, running my fingers over the shirt covering his nipples. Surprised and aroused, he gently moaned.
He began, almost absentmindedly, to pick at the top button of his collar. “When did you first act upon your desires?”
“Plural marriage is intended to diminish the great evil of self-pollution,” said the young Joseph Strangerson, reading from a book as the edges of his ears turned pink.
“I gathered up some scattered ash from the floor. It was dark in colour and flakey—such an ash as is only made by a Trichinopoly. I have made a special study of cigar ashes—in fact, I have written a monograph upon the subject. I flatter myself that I can distinguish at a glance the ash of any known brand, either of cigar or of tobacco. It is just in such details that the skilled detective differs from the Gregson and Lestrade type.”
The young scout took his newfound companion down to the crowds below, who welcomed the starving man and took him before Brother Strangerson, an Elder in their society. He was the father of the youth who had spotted Jefferson Hope and, upon seeing the man, he turned to his son. “Give him food and drink and let it be your task to teach him our holy creed. We have delayed long enough. Forward! On, on to Zion!”
“Indeed,” nodded Holmes. “But even more important was what Strangerson and Drebber had been seen doing at the club Rache—namely, arguing. The other patrons distinctly recall watching the two men have a heated row right there in the middle of the room, with Drebber unable to keep his temper under control at some news that Strangerson had given him. And we know from John Rance what this news item must have been: that Strangerson was re-enamored with his former lover, Jefferson Hope.”
“That was quite delightful,” I said, believing he might be done. In certain cases, I have seen men grow embarrassed and uncomfortable as soon as they achieve their orgasm and I did not wish to have Gregson turn panic-stricken.
“Ah, but first, my dear Watson, I must explain how it is that I arrived at this most inevitable of deductions. The facts before yesterday had been thus: I’d learned from Lestrade that Drebber and his secretary Strangerson were last seen together at Euston Station about half-past eight on the evening of the third, that is, two days ago. At two in the morning the next day, Drebber had called Scotland Yard, telling them he had come home to find his house burgled. The question which confronted me was to find out how Strangerson had been employed between 8.30 and the time of the supposed crime, and what had become of him afterwards. Now, from my informants at Rache, I had learned that this public appearance had been a sham. The last time Drebber and Strangerson had truly been together was when they both visited the club later that same evening, around 10.30.”
“You are to be congratulated,” I remarked, considerably surprised by his enthusiasm. I picked at the spot where the fluid had been and found it completely clean. “Though next time, I would prefer if you gave me some notice beforehand.”
But before he could utter whatever was on his lips, a quite-sloshed Strangerson came over and nearly fell upon Holmes’ shoulder. He said that he wanted to thank the detective for all of his help and began pulling him toward a small crowd of men that included his new husband. He shouted something to Hope that I didn’t quite catch, but I was pretty sure it included the words ‘enormous cock.’
The boisterous crowd continued dancing in the dim light of the club. From the corner of my eyes, I could see that several of the men—most of them quite drunk—had begun to remove their shirts and were currently slipping and sliding their half-nude bodies against one another as the music swelled. Even during the wedding ceremony, there had been a number of ribald jokes, a great deal of backs being slapped, several crowd-members caressing their inflating implements beneath their elegant clothes. It was understood by all that Hope and Strangerson’s vows had not included exclusivity and many were awaiting the moment when the new grooms decided to transform their after-party into a bacchanalia.
“If we don’t get on it will be easy to part company,” I answered. “It seems to me Stamford,” I added, looking hard at him, “that you have some reason for not wanting me to meet with this man. Are you afraid that I will come between you?”
Yet rather than cry out and try to stop his companion, Strangerson was entirely entranced by the erotic performance. Hope’s brawny body was tensing in a magnificent manner as he repeatedly abused his hardened tool. The furious pace and determined focus seemed to suggest that Hope was completely engrossed in his exertion. His having taken a daring position here so near to the others indicated that this action had been something he’d had no choice but to indulge in. Silently, Strangerson floated closer, scarcely aware that his own erection was now straining underwater in a turgid display.
Hope fixed his companion with a severe look, wondering about the convolutions that went on in the brains of these followers of the Church of Latter-day Saints. “And yet such passion will remain. Trust me, my friend, I have seen more of the world than you.”
I saw Holmes, his tall and well-built frame, his muscles bulging like Vitruvian Man. His eyes were sharp and piercing, watching the sweat-covered back of the man beneath him. His hair was wild, in a passionate disarray. The fur on his body was light but noticeable, curving around his nipples, pooling on his chest, and trailing down to his sex, where a rough tangle of hair sprouted at the base of his cock and covered his balls in a fine down. His companion appeared to be in his early twenties, with inky hair and icy eyes. He looked up at me with a flirtatious smile, clearly enjoying the show they were giving me.
We arrived at Lauriston Gardens Number 3. The whole place was very sloppy from the rain which had fallen through the night. The garden was bounded by a three-foot brick wall with a fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning a stalwart police constable, surrounded by a small knot of loafers, who craned their necks and strained their eyes in the vain hope of catching some glimpse of the proceedings within.
Hope slipped his fingers up and down his well-proportioned instrument, working himself further and further into a lather. His exploring hands touched the sensitive head, the responsive shaft, the brimming bollocks. His congenial arsehole was crying out for stimulation and soon he took a digit and slipped it an inch or two past his constricted sphincter. He imagined the penetrating probe to be Strangerson’s tongue or perhaps even his member, loosening Hope at the beginning of a fuck session. Strangerson no doubt had a delightful instrument that would press its way into his compartment with eager relish, leading the Mormon youth to heights of pleasure he’d never previously dreamed of.
