“Why what?”
“Okay then,” I said.  “Let’s save the world.”
“I mean, are you
“And you also refuse to talk about it, so…”
“No, not really.”
Okay, so maybe Cass wasn’t so completely off with his chick flick mumbo jumbo.
“See, now that is the face of a Hungry, Hungry Hippos champion,” I encouraged him, our fingers brushing as I reclaimed the glass and refilled it.
feel?” I asked with a shrug.
“Motels have room service in the future?” I asked, squinting at Sam.
“Hard to take you seriously when you’ve got a little drool,” I explained, wiping my thumb against the corner of my mouth.
That didn’t really matter to me, though.  We sang as loudly as we wanted, smiling and laughing, and I knew I had my best friend back, like nothing had changed.
“What do you need, then?”
“Yes.”
“Ah, you meant Other Dean.”
“Dean, please,” he pleaded, pushing his hips just
I kissed him again, feeling… right.
“I wish that you were more than okay,” he told me.
“I know,” he said again, and he did know.  “I just got… impatient.”
“I’m thinking about when our lips touched,” he said bluntly.
“Well, I’ll just go shoot myself in the face now,” Dean muttered, putting his mug in the sink and moving to leave the kitchen.
“How would you know?” he scoffed at me.
I looked over at my idiot angel driving one handed while shaking his hips and something inside of me broke.  I was laughing so hard that tears were coming out.  “Please stop,” I begged him, throwing an arm over him to try and stop those rhythm-less movements.
“Man, you had to mess with bacon, too?” I asked, trying to play along.  My eyes felt hot and wet.
“What movie?” he asked.
I tucked my arm around her shoulder as we hiked the rest of the way back to her place.
“I wasn’t a person when I knocked on her door,” I said quietly.
“You’ve tried to kiss him?!” Charlie marveled.  “Damn, okay, Dean-o, things are actually progressing here.”
As the last strains of
Claire and Kaia came over next, then Donna, then Garth, all with various assortments of pie.
“I was never here.”
“So what does that mean to you?”
“Just sit here?”
“Um, what exactly is it that worked?” Sam asked.
But this moment right here, this moment felt right.  It felt good.
“You answer Sam sometimes.”
,” he said, beaming at me.
“I love you, Dean,” he said, soft but assured.
That earned some strange looks from around the table.
He still seemed hesitant.
“Looks like Junior is more Winchester than Sammy,” I said, patting my nephew on the shoulder and feeling pleased.
“Rowena!” Sam cried, scandalized.
He just looked at me.
“Hard and fast?” I suggested, offering him a flirty wink.
“And yet somehow the world kept on turning.”
“Dean, I-”
“Uh, am I interrupting something?” Junior asked, looking between us leerily.
“I’m sure he didn’t know what you were up to,” Sam said, but he glanced towards Cass.
“Yes, please.”
There were many such messages.  Years and years of little glowy messages, and all I’d gotten was a ‘I didn’t mean to bother you’ and an abrupt exit.
“I want to, Cass,” I interrupted him.
“Oh, I sent her the video.”
“Yes, but Dean, it was a monumental event that only Mary, with her well-formed uterus, could-”
I closed my eyes and pretended to sleep.
“Thank you for your kind invitation,” he said, sitting down stiffly next to me.
“Good… bye…?”
“Dean Junior, tell me the truth,” I said, eyes boring into my namesake’s.  “Were you talked into this by your embarrassingly uncreative father who knows nothing of true pranks and hijinks?”
We started a new game of Operation, but Cass was the slowest Operation player known to man, so we ended up throwing chips at him and shaking his chair until he accidentally touched the side and got very angry at us for ‘not following the rules’.
I stood with him, keeping a hand on his arm.
“Dean, if I put that on, you know very well that you would be joining me in a car dance party,” Cass said, not taking his eyes off the road.
Cass hummed his assent, then pulled out a tape.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.”
“Then I accept.”
His head tilted to the side uncertainly as his tears spilled out.
“I wouldn’t quite put it that way…”
He was just suddenly there beside me.  “Hello, Dean,” he said, his expression… soft?  Was he actually…
“But you didn’t,” he said softly, confused.  “You did it all without me.”
I stared at him.
Cass was slow to take his hand back.  “Goodbye, Sam.  John Winchester.”
“Yeah, okay, let’s start with, ‘don’t talk to family about our sex life!’”
,” Sam agreed.
“Driving around in your old ass car, being a creepy old guy who gives underage girls DVD copies of old ass Bill Murray movies?” Claire put in.
I gripped his forearm.  He was still wearing his trenchcoat.  I wished he wasn’t.
“And the bacon is burning,” Dean pointed out.
Sam shrugged, clearly jealous that his progeny had accomplished something he never even dreamed possible.
“Could you… maybe… make me another mixed tape?” he asked, almost shyly.
“It’s clearly not fine.”
“Yes, Dean, there was more,” he said, sitting up.  His face was very close to mine.
Cass gave me a scrutinizing look.  “Are we talking about me…?”
“My angel has underlings,” Dean said with a snort, holding his hand out again.
Cass gave him a tired wave, which seemed to satisfy him, and he disappeared from sight.
“You put a scratch on my baby and there’ll be hell to pay,” I said, letting my smile go crooked as I rested my hand on his knee.
“The previews are still playing.”
“Your kid certainly got the gene,” Bobby said, amused.
He squinted at me.
“Cass, don’t be a stranger,” Sam called over his shoulder before disappearing from sight.
Seeing the self-loathing in his eyes, I knew that I had to shut this down immediately.  “Stop,” I said.
“Yeah,” I said.  “I wanna know how it makes things any different.  What is it that you want that you can’t have?”
I gave him my most charming grin.
“Too bad what I did won’t vanish with me,” I said cheerfully.  “Or will it?”
“Why do you want to have this conversation when you are not in full control of yourself?” he asked, but it wasn’t really a question and more of an accusation.
I rose up to my feet immediately, grasping his face between my hands.  “I’m sorry.”
“I like the way you think,” I said, feeling around for the tape and then pushing it into the deck.
Sam glanced at Cass again, but this time his sight line was lower.
“Yes,” he said.  “I wanted to spend that time near Dean.”
“‘Please do not ever talk about my mother’s uterus again,’” he repeated in a very disturbingly accurate impression of me.
“That’s good I guess.”
“Oh, yes, the star man,” he mused, still looking at the tape.
It was not the most natural thing in the world.  Dean and Dad still had a lot of things to work out, and it was always uncomfortable to watch them fall back into their old pattern of dutiful son and dominant father.
I looked back at them.
, it’s very… interesting.”
“I’m sorry, do you keep saying ‘mix
“Because I could.”
“Well, I mean, we’re not having constant crises that require heavenly intervention like back in the Winchester days, but yeah, Jimmy’s always here to bail us out when things get rough.”
“Thank you,” Dean mumbled, still not sounding quite awake.  Then he tilted his head up and murmured something that was for Cass’s ears only.
He looked weirdly defenseless, and I want to reach over and flick him on the nose or mess up his hair or…
So this is what everyone thought of me.
“Great, Cass, just great, so glad you could be there for him,” I said.  “Can we just move on to the part where you explain why the hell we’re here, and then get us back to friggin’ heaven where we belong?”
“Childish much?” Sam said, grinning like a loon.
Cass didn’t bring it up again.
“Yeah, but…” I started to say, hesitating.  “Claire just… always reminded me a lot of me, you know?  Didn’t know if she would…”
Cass suddenly reappeared in the front seat.  “I talked to Mary, and she was not offended.”
It turned out to be quite unnecessary.
“It’s good,” I rushed forward.  “You done good, kid.  Real good.  I mean, the future completely sucks with its shitty cars and terrible rest stops and all its touchy feely crap, but… but my brother lived.  Claire Novak
“Correct,” he agreed.
“Let’s go home,” Dad said.
“We did it,” Cass said, nodding his head approvingly.
“Find a willing partner and take her to where it is convenient to fornicate-”
“Dean, that sounds very traumatic for Sam.”
“Yes.”
“The only dog name you could think of for me was a rabid killer Saint Bernard?” I muttered with a snort.
I laughed, shaking my head.  “You sound like an old grandpa.”
“Let me finish.”
“Sam and I were actually having a very interesting conversation.”
From what?
“I’ll go pick up the food since none of you have any money,” Junior said, getting out of the car and moving towards the so-called burger joint.
Cass was sitting in the passenger seat, waiting for me.
“That we’re together,” he grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest.
“And that’s okay,” I continued.  “I did my part, then my story was over.”
“You are,” he said, like he was pointing out the obvious.
“So everything is fine, then.”
I don’t know how long I walked, but I finally couldn’t walk anymore and I sat on the ground, dropping my face into my hands.
“All right,” he agreed.  “Jo and Ellen are coming tonight.”
Dean wasn’t trying to charm some random girl into bed.  It seemed like all he wanted was to make Cass smile, and he appeared to be succeeding wildly.
His brows drew together in worry.
“I wouldn’t quite put it that way.”
“Sam and Eileen were… in a compromising situation on the kitchen counter,” he explained.
“Temeluchus is the Torturer,” Cass explained.  “He punishes wicked souls, but also wicked angels.”
“Hunting is weird,” he said.
I laughed harder.
“Nerdy.”
“Am I interrupting something?”
“Yes,” Cass agreed.
I was scandalized.  “I did not-” and then I thought about it.  “How would you know?” I blustered, deciding to take a different tack.
“How are you still alive?” I asked, still trying to process this elderly woman as the young girl I’d last seen.
I breathed out a long sigh.
Sam was grinning like an idiot.
I felt his grip tighten on my hand.
“We always felt you with us.”
“This is Junior?” I asked Sam’s back as he was already moving to wrap his son in a hug.
“I can do both,” I protested.
I felt my eyebrows going up at that, but then I decided to just accept his weird quirks of speech and nod my head ‘yes’.
Sam’s face appeared glowing over the phone.
“Did you want to watch a movie?” he asked.
Cass squinted, like that could help him hear the lyrics better.  “Is this our song?”
“You know, Cass is the one who scratched your nose,” I pointed out, glaring at the whipped cream-free angel hovering over us.
I kissed the corner of his mouth, then licked it, enjoying the resulting squirm.  “You wanna take this to the bedroom?”
We didn’t need to drive.  We didn’t need to eat or sleep or do any of the human things we did.  We were souls in heaven, finding comfort in the things we did on earth.
“Hell yeah,” I agreed.  “Whenever these doofuses finish this thing already.”
He held his hands up.  “I just mean that if sex makes you happy, then why aren’t you having it?”
(It was exactly true.)
“A car dance party?” I repeated, laughing, but okay, he wasn’t wrong.  It had happened before.
“I followed the instructions exactly,” Cass protested, brow furrowing.
“Cass!” Sam said, and then there was even more unnecessary hugging.  He squeezed Cass tightly, and when he let him go, he turned an expectant glance at me.
“From the heart, Dean,” Sam said, patting his chest.
, Cass.”
“A grumpy-ass angel,” he agreed sarcastically.
“I know.”
“Don’t touch that one, Dad,” Sam said, shaking his head.  “They don’t know, either.”
“Why?” I breathed into his neck.
Something inside of me rebelled against the idea of it.  But another part of me thought about that catchy Taylor Swift song that I couldn’t quite get out of my head.  “I don’t need weepy chick music,” I said dismissively.
“Mellie,” Junior greeted her, giving her a quick hug.
?’ Dad asked.
“It was a long two days,” Junior said, taking a seat at the table.
“Sore loser,” Claire scoffed at me.
I considered telling him to stop calling me ‘sir’, but I kind of liked it.  All of the new angels were weirdly deferential to me.  “So what brings you here, Steven Tyler, Angel of the Lord?”
“Just Cass being Cass,” I said, waving it off.  “He makes stupid assumptions about things.”
Apparently the only thing holding me back was me.
“Because this is the power spot of Lawrence,” Cass explained.  “It is where Mary pushed you both from her uterus, setting destiny into mo-”
Sam was in the kitchen, heating something up, while Junior and Claire were both slumped at the table, looking miserable.
Unfortunately, Sam knew that I could never possibly ignore such an obvious affront.
“Dean?” Sam prodded me.
There were screens and flashing lights everywhere.  It seemed pretty fucking awful to me, but hopefully whatever fool’s errand had brought us back here would be over and done with quickly.
I froze for a moment, then turned around slowly to face her.  “You wanna go?”
“Shooting star,” Cass pointed out happily.
“The smaller person is the little spoon,” I said, nudging him until I could get one arm under him and one around him, holding him even closer.
“Shit.”
“Um, I am, sir,” he said, shuffling nervously.  He had a large takeout bag in one hand and a cup in the other.
“We most certainly do not.”
“I’m a human with a human life span,” I said, trying to unclench my fist and failing.  “I was always going to die.  But you…”
I didn’t move.
He sighed, crouching down next to me.
“Can we listen to something else?” he asked abruptly.
He looked at me, really looked at me, and there was pain in his eyes.
I glanced at him, then shook my head.  “Nah.”
“Dean, I do not believe that having difficulty expressing yourself makes you a large cat.”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cass said, turning towards him enough to be able to press a kiss to his forehead.  “Sam is here.”
“You are a very contradictory and frustrating person,” he said, squinting at me.
“She’s cheating,” Cass decided.  “Or she’s a witch.”
It didn’t stop Cass from showing up.
Her smile brightened at that.  “Okay, so are you attracted to him?”
“Shhh,” Cass was saying, but it sounded like he was trying not to laugh, too.  “Goodbye, Sam.”
“The sweetness is actually kind of nice,” I offered.
“Deaaan,” he said, and this time it was three syllables, slightly pained.
“Let the bloodletting begin,” I said, holding out my wrists to her, more than happy to change the subject.
“We interrupting your date, ladies?” I asked.
“Where… do you live…?” I asked slowly, not sure quite how to phrase the question.
And somehow I ended up in Charlie’s Dungeons & Dragons group.
“I can’t believe you’re both here,” Junior breathed as he pulled away.  “I mean, it worked.”
“I’m sorry, this is inappropriate,” Cass said, sniffing and taking his hand away.
Cass suddenly disappeared.
“And that’s… good enough?” I asked.
“It’s okay to be happy, you know.”
Cass’s lips were pursed, his eyes still closed.  “That was… much better,” he concluded.
“It’s not helping,” he growled at me.
In another life, I think we would have been made for each other.
He took my hand and kissed the back gently, then went back to humming.
,’ Dad’s voice echoed in my ears.
It wasn’t my job anymore.  I didn’t have to care about the ridiculous rituals and the angel and demon bullshit.  All these life-or-death situations that had once seemed so important just had no consequence for me anymore.
“Can you stop using the word ‘bone’?!” I groaned dropping my head in my hands.
“Not really my car, then.”
“Sam doesn’t want to hear about all that.”
“If you kissed me right now, I wouldn’t be happy,” he said.  “I wouldn’t be happy, because I wouldn’t know if you were doing it because you wanted to, or if you were doing it because you wanted to make me happy.  Because you felt like you owed me something.  Which, to be clear, you do not.”
“But it is actually called…?”
And that was enough.
“Fuck me.”
“Ha, shuttle
“Really, Cass, my soul?”
“You know Dean, they did not stop making music after the 1980s.”
“Pick up any new techniques?” I asked, waggling my eyebrows at him.  “Knowing Sammy, probably not…”
It wasn’t the look of disgust that he was anticipating.
“Is it?” I asked, mostly because I didn’t know what a non-sequitur was.
“I… ‘live’ where my ‘body’ is present,” he said, casting his eyes up at me.
“Cass?”
“You were humming
“Come sit,” I said, clapping Jack on the back.
“This is actually hell, right?” Sam commented from the backseat.  “I mean, we’ve all been to literal hell, and it wasn’t this bad, right?”
“Here you go,” Cass said, tugging off my boots and helping me into bed.
“Hello Sam, Bobby.”
I was suddenly on my back, staring up into hard blue eyes.
My jaw dropped and all I could do was stare at him, wide-eyed.  “Are you calling me
There was no hesitation as Sam suddenly leapt up from the couch and tackled me to the ground.
alive.  There’s a friggin’ Dean Winchester out there, hunting on weekends and then going home to his family.  They’re not all part of some fucked up cosmic game, and that makes up for all the shitty tofu burgers in the world.”
“Feel it!” he snapped at me.  “Feel what was taken from you, Dean Winchester!”
“Shut up,” I muttered, glancing at my cards quickly before putting them back down on the table.  I stretched my arm out along the back of the chair next to me and waited to see what everyone else was going to do.
“You could,” Cass said, his tone finally softening.  “You can.”
I flicked a piece of popcorn at his nose.
“Don’t be like that,” I repeated, nudging him harder.  That of course did nothing because he was an immovable lump of celestial intent.
“Pipe down, Cass, me and Jack are having a moment.”
Of course, Cass always had to give the game away.  “I love you, too.”
I snorted at that.  “Good job, dude.”
“Clearly,” I said, subconsciously biting my lip.
Missouri was looking over her shoulder, tracking the movement.  She smiled.
Sam shuddered and blinked.  “Okay, I’m showering and then I’m out of here.  See you back home.”
“If Dean is talking about his feelings, you can pretty much assume that he means the opposite of what he says,” I pointed out.
I rolled my eyes, but it was true.  My little brother had it together.  “Junior seems competent.”
The thing with heaven was, it wasn’t another life.  It wasn’t a chance to right all the wrongs and figure out the what ifs.  We had to face the life we lived and come to terms with it.
What exactly was it that we didn’t know?
I wanted to laugh again, but also... anyway, “slow down there, tiger,” I said instead, touching a hand to his chest.  “I was thinking more along the lines of a mutual hand job.”
“No, Dean,” he said, shaking his head.  “This isn’t about me, it’s about
The smart play would be to not respond to Sam’s sarcasm, and just let the conversation die.
Sam came in and placed a selection of pies in the middle of the table.
“Shut up,” I complained, rubbing my face with my hands.
“I told you, there was something in my eye!” I snipped, losing my amusement.
“My head was hardly bashed in,” he said, rolling his eyes.  “I’ve got this under contr-”
“Duty calls,” I said with a shrug.
“Yeah,” I said, patting his head.
“You like mixtapes that much?”
“Is it hopeful to enjoy the beauty of my father’s creation?”
“You know, there are other kinds of dogs besides Saint Bernards,” I pointed out.
“Cass-”
I shrugged, slouching more comfortably in my seat and returning to my mixtape.  “I was a little too tall, could've used a few pounds.  Tight pants, points hardly renowned…”
Cass’s eyebrows knit together, but he took the chair I was offering.
“But he was always watching over you, you jackass,” he continued, like this wasn’t one of the most intense conversations we’d ever had.  “He would come down to me sometimes and tell me that he had gone to check on you, and that you were okay, that you were finally at peace.  That you were waiting for me, but that fifty years on earth would be a blink of an eye for you.”
“Hey, Grandpa, think you can sub in for Alex without breaking a hip?” Claire called, gesturing with her badminton racket at me.
“Oh, Dean, I really enjoyed him,” he said, nodding enthusiastically.  “The one with the space explorer, it was just… I didn’t really understand it, but I could
“Bars?  Dancing on them?”
“Uh, okay,” I scoffed at him.
I couldn’t stop the tears that were streaming down my cheeks.  “I could never ask you to carry that burden,” I choked out.
I spit out my beer.
I returned with the bottles, and Claire accepted hers, taking a long drink.
“Yes, please,” he said, sounding awestruck.
“Falling for a straight person sucks,” she sighed.  “Poor Cass.”
“I really don’t think you can with that Sasquatch pinning you down,” I said.
“Shouldn’t you be crying for your mommy or something right about now?”
“Dean, I was only with you for a few brief moments, and your anger flared back to life.  You were irritated, uncomfortable, discontented… because of me.  Because of my mere presence.”
“Sit,” I repeated.  It was an order now.
“Th-” Cass started to say, but I cut him off with my mouth.
“Yeah?”
,” came the opening lines from Asia.
“I know,” he sighed, pulling back a little and kissing me on the forehead.  “But you are.”
“How does one do me?” he asked, tilting his head to the side.
He paused, taking in my very flushed cheeks.  “Is the ear a sensitive area for you, Dean?”
is a masterpiece,” he informed me.
I was looking at him instead of the sky.  I looked back up, but it was already gone.  “Haven’t you seen a million of them?”
“Uh, it’s music made by chicks.”
“You can’t go back, Cass,” I said, shaking my head at him with rueful smile.
Fuck, even Sam had reached some sort of reconciliation with Dad, but here I was, never able to move forward.  I looked at my father, who I loved and respected more than anything, who I resented more than anything, and I just didn’t see how that was ever going to change.  No matter how many times we tried to talk things out, we always ended up back in the same place.
“Dean,” he replied, his head tilting slightly.
His unhappiness was radiating off of him in waves.
I liked listening to my tone-deaf angel sing, joining him in the final lines.
“You didn’t deserve this,” he whispered through shaking breaths.  “You have the right to be happy.  You
“…what…?” Cass said, sounding lost.
I blinked, pulling away.
I shrugged.  “Fish out some Lynyrd Skynyrd.”
“How would you know!”
“Good,” I agreed.  “Now shut up and watch the damn movie.”
Dean was
“Don’t be like that,” I complained, nudging him with my elbow.
Cass eventually shifted forward, trying to get to his feet and faltering.
“Sex techniques?” he asked, making a face at me.
“Just feels like a few weeks to me,” I said.  “I’m sorry, man, I didn’t realize…”
“No, my son Dean,” Sam clarified.
“Whose side are you on?” I growled at him.
“Yes?”
“Zepp rules,” I said with a shrug.
“Do you think Dean will ever… find peace with himself?” Mom asked as we moved down the wooded path.  Her brow was creased in worry, an expression I hadn’t seen from her in a while.
“Hey, Dean picks the music, Cass shuts his cakehole,” I said, shuffling through some more of Cass’s tapes.  “What’s this one?  It doesn’t have a track listing, it just says, ‘Dean’.”
“Because I mean it.”
“Well, it’s weird if you keep doing it suddenly and then stopping.”
I took one of my hands off of the wheel and rested it over his hand.  “Any time, Cass.”  I ignored all the eyes watching me and just squeezed his hand in mine.
I walked over to my stereo, pushing the tape in.  Cass had been listening to it, so I rewound it to the beginning.
“A…my…?”
Cass glanced up at me from where he was kissing my neck.  “Is that a complaint?”
“There’s also the ritual,” he said, gazing ahead thoughtfully.  “Primping yourself-”
“Don’t make it awkward.”
and how
“You don’t like when people are kind to you,” Cass pointed out, rubbing my neck absently, his fingers pushing lightly into my hair.  It was soothing and familiar.  “You are more comfortable fighting.”
“It’s a classic,” he stated very seriously.  Then his off-key voice started to sing, “my love, my darling, I've hungered, hungered for your touch a long, lonely time.  And time goes by so slowly.  And time can do so much.  Are you still mine?  I need your love.  I need your love.  God speed your love to me.”
“Uh-uh, no way, that doesn’t count,” I protested, mostly because I didn’t want to be a grandpa, either.
“Yes,” he said solemnly.
“You said whatever I want.”
“That’s oddly specific.”
“You can’t just dismiss it like that when you’ve barely even tried,” I said, shaking my head.  “Look-” I started and froze, the synapses in my brain finally firing.  “Wait, I’m the person you love.”
,” Rowena said with a grin.
Sam decided we should play Hungry, Hungry Hippos instead, which seemed more suited to our drunken motor skills.
“Yes, Uncle Dean?”
And sometimes I would hear a sound that made me think of the fluttering of wings, and I would feel a warmth like the hand currently pressed to my shoulder.  Those nights I would fall right to sleep, no tossing and turning, no nightmares, and I would wake up feeling… okay.
“…Dean?”
“Wait, not even once?”
I squeezed his knee.  “I’m okay, Cass.”
“Okay,” he said more confidently, his hand mirroring mine to touch my cheek before straightening up and climbing off the bed.  He put his suit jacket and trenchcoat back on, giving me a little wave before disappearing.
I shrugged.  “What did you think of Bowie?”
“Can I please just kiss you?”
“Confusing?” I asked.  “I figured you’d like it with all the god and angel shit.”
“This isn’t your car.”
I looked at him harder.
I clenched my jaw.
“Yes.”
“Yes, of course,” he said.
“Dean, I went into great detail on the matter during my initial love confession,” he informed me.
are interesting,” he said, which was usually code for ‘these songs make me think of you for some reason’.
“Well, it’s not like I need all the hunting shit in the trunk anymore,” I said with a shrug.  “My car is your car.”
“Your singing has lost its charm,” Cass told me moodily.
“Oh, man, are you trying to recommend music to
“You certainly won’t broker any argument from me there,” Rowena said.  “But the real question is, how much of the angel’s dick have you taken?”
“For worrying you,” he said.  “For… not… being around…”
“Dean, you are very drunk.”
“Get some rest, Dean,” he said, gesturing towards the bed.  “I think we have discussed our feelings exhaustively for now.”
“Prayer has never been like that between us,” he said, frowning.  “It’s our way of communicating long distance.  I treasure the prayers you send to me.”
Cass pushed his lips together in what very much looked like a pout.
“I really like this song,” he told me as he climbed back up on the hood.
“I was just answering Sam’s question,” Castiel said, giving an innocent shrug.
“Too loud?”
Sam and I sat in the back of the car together the next morning, sunglasses on and blankets wrapped around our shoulders.
between Kaia and Claire, causing them to stumble and miss.
But I was tired of those old lines now.
“Earth,” I said.
“I know.”
“You want that?” he asked, looking uncertain.
“It’s true that when I made the deal, I knew that I might not be able to come back, but I hoped-”
And I looked like the jackass again.  “It’s fine,” I said, opening the door and getting in beside Cass.
“No, it’s more like scientific… research,” Cass said thoughtfully as he started running his fingertips up and down my arm.
Cass easily interpreted the gesture and handed over his beer to him.
I felt myself pushing back into him, burrowing and holding his arm securely over my chest, when suddenly I was fully awake thinking,
“You are,” he said quietly.
“When have you…” Cass trailed off, squinting at me.  “Dean, I think you need feminism.”
I woke up with a gasp.  I felt like I was
The mattress creaked under his weight.
“Oh my god, do we have to talk about our
by Britney Spears.
“I feel good,” I said, reaching out and tugging on his arm.
“Dean, I can’t control myself,” he said, shaking his head.  “Earlier when you were slightly intoxicated, I took advantage of your state to be close to you.”
“Oh, are we having an argument?”
“You know if you call my name, I will be there,” he pointed out to me.
“I’m older than you, Uncle Dean!” he called back.
Cass was looking at Dean, who had stopped short and was now stalking back over to us.
We shuffled Junior and Claire off to bed, and then it was just the three of us.
“I didn’t know I needed this,” Sam said softly, as he, Cass, and I sat on the floor, leaning against the wall and watching the other three arguing about gameplay time limits.
I looked up, taking in his sad smile.  “Cass, I’d give you the fucking world if I could.”
Cass whimpered, rolling his hips into mine again.  “I…” he panted, trying to put his thoughts in order.  “I wish to penetrate you with my erect penis.”
“Yes?”
Cass had stopped driving.
“Come here,” I repeated more forcefully.
“…sure…?” I said, not really sure at all.  Angels who thought food just tasted like molecules did not in general good chefs make.
“I’ve waited centuries,” he complained.
I’d been drinking with Sam and Bobby all night, and now I was flying high.  I wanted Cass to fly with me.
We all stood in the garage, staring at the monstrosity that these hunters dared to call a ‘car’.  It was some froufrou, electric-powered nonsense, and there was no way I was getting in that thing.
“I thought we would be going to the cemetery, why the hospital?” Sam asked as we pulled into the parking lot.
“It’s okay,” I said, my eyelids growing heavy again.
“Slow down, grandma, I don’t want to have to pick you up off of the floor.”
“I just poured my heart out to you, asshole.”
We were on our second rendition of
“I’m not trying to… well, I don’t know what I’m doing,” I decided.  “But if I’m making you uncomfortable…”
“Sucks to be you,” I said.  “Hey, Jimmy?”
“I find great satisfaction in my personal life,” he finally said.  “And I am enjoying my new hobby immensely.”
We made it to
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“I do not mind if I do,” he said, accepting it.
“Thank you,” I finally said into his hair.
Sam put his pillow down and seemed to lean forward, straining to see me in the dark.  “Dean, what are you saying?  Have you not seen Cass since he was taken by the Empty?”
“I asked you to stop doing that,” he said, his frown intensifying.
“Stay,” I repeated more firmly.
It came down to match point with us trailing by two, but we were ready to make a stunning come-from-behind victory.
I sat next to her, running my fingers over the names etched into the table.  There were more now, covering the table from end-to-end.
“Nice,” she said.  “I’ll lock it up in the Vault.  You all look beat.”
“Why did you have to bring this up?” I finally mumbled into my hands.
“They did say that.”
“Last night on Earth,” Cass said softly, way too close to my ear.
Claire finished her beer, letting the empty bottle hit the table with a loud
“This is like the opposite of a sausage fest,” I observed to Sam from the porch where we were drinking beers.
We looked at each other and shrugged.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“Dean…”
“You are much too drunk to be flirting,” he said, having the audacity to look amused.
“No,” I grumbled, digging through the bag and pulling out my burger.
I gave him a thumbs up.
“I’m really glad,” I told him, giving him a reassuring nod.
“I don’t know how to be worth all that.”
“Really, Sam?” Dean said, gesturing to Cass’s distraught expression.
I tried to have a new tape for him every time he appeared in my passenger seat.
“You’re…” I reached for the words that just wouldn’t come.  How could I convey to him how much he meant to me?  “You’re my person,” I finally stumbled out.
“Cass…”
“This body is going to disappear in a few hours, so what do I need sleep for?” I asked, even as I was yawning.
He looked… uncertain.
“That was not clear, Dean.”
It was my car, and I could be as avoidant as I wanted to.
“This isn’t supposed to hurt you,” I complained.  “It’s supposed to make you happy.”
“You should be sober as well,” he decided, touching my forehead.
Cass turned to me, his hand still gripping mine.  “Dean, you can tell me what you’re thinking instead of keeping it all hidden away inside.”
And then I was being crowded onto the bed, Cass pushing me on my back and climbing between my legs.
Charlie gave me a moment, happily shoveling the rest of the pie into her mouth.
“Let’s watch the movie, Fido,” I said, reaching for the remote.
I sighed even more loudly, putting my arms around the two jackasses leaning on me.
He looked relieved, but that kind of pissed me off.  Why did he think he had to walk on eggshells with me?  Why couldn’t he just be normal?  Was I really so awful to him?
Cass leaned his head on my other shoulder.
“I don’t get it,” Mellie agreed.
I turned to look at him, and he gave me a surprisingly shit-eating grin.
Cass stood over me silently, waiting.
An explosion sounded from the hospital.
“I told him,” he repeated, giving Cass a
Oh, yeah, all that had happened.
“Yes?”
“Performative… what the hell is that supposed to mean?” I growled at him.
“You can’t even enjoy the road anymore,” I complained, watching as we passed an endless line of self-driving cars in yet another underground tunnel.  “The open air, your hand on the wheel…”
There was a whoosh and suddenly Cass was next to me.  “That name is not for your use,” he said with a frown.
“It’s part of the male bonding experience,” Cass said, his face lighting up from my brother’s attention.
It was warm and nice and made me feel… protected?
“Ah, Lord Byron,” he said, nodding his head.  “His portrayal of my brothers and sisters in his works has always intrigued me.”
“What are you-?” he tried to ask, but I silenced him with a finger to my lips.
“Shut up,” he growled into his coffee.  His cheeks flushed, but there was no forthcoming denial or objection to my word choice.
Junior looked mortified.
“Dean,” Cass said in that exasperated whine of his.
“Dean,” he whispered against my mouth.  “Dean… Dean…”
I looked at him.
“I’ll come back later.”
“You just seem like you want to talk about something,” he said, sitting up next to me.
“No.”
Did I get to think about that?
“Sounds like the kinda dick neither side would like.”
He gave me another Sam Look.  “Do you not want to be alone with Cass for some reason?”
I decided to ignore him, too.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I was waiting for your prayer.  I didn’t want to intrude.”
“Maybe we should come back later,” Mom suggested.
“Did you want to listen to records?”
“This game has no skill or technique,” Cass murmured, mystified.
“Apparently,” I said.  “So you got a real eyeful?”
“Nah, Cass,” I said.  “Rebel, sure, but bad boy, no way.”
“Maybe if you pray to Jack, he’ll let you get drunk in heaven, too.”
“I stopped being a person,” I said.  “No matter how hard Lisa and I tried, it was never going to work, because there was nothing to work with.  That’s why I chose Sam, why I chose
“I thought you were the clown,” Sam gasped out, taking his seat again.
“‘Intimately’?” I repeated.
“Yeah, but that was all life-or-death, what-the-fuck-is-going-on,” I said.  My lips brushed against the warm skin of his neck as I spoke.  “Didn’t really stick.”
He glared at me before moving over to the coffee pot and picking it up more angrily than seemed necessary.  He clanked the mugs on the counter loudly before he filled them.
“You’re an angel, Cass, you’re not supposed to play favorites,” I scolded him, looking away quickly.
“Listen to the words,” he growled at me.
“A little after you moved on,” I said, lying back down.  I closed my eyes again.
“I’m not,” I protested.  “I’m really not.  Not the way you love me.”
“It just seems like a very personal thing, Dean, and I don’t want to overstep,” he said, already taking his hand away from the tape.
“May I ask you a question of a sensitive nature?”
The familiar guitar riff of
“So you want to listen to Iggy Pop?”
He nudged his nose against the back of my neck like a puppy, the rest of his body curled around me in a just-barely touching kind of way.
He filled two mugs and placed them in front of us on the table.
“I am no clown, Sam,” Cass said, perplexed.
,” Cass put in.
“There’s this angel Sandalphon who Cass put us in contact with,” Sam continued, ignoring me.  “He’s the one who taught Dean Enochian.  He’s kind of Dean’s Cass.”
“I’m sorry, what?” I asked.  “I didn’t know that I had to pray to the holy and powerful Angel of the Lord, Castiel, to get him to deign to come and see me.”
Something inside me relaxed.
“Cards?” Junior suggested, standing up to get them.
He looked at me for a long while.
“Very interesting,” he concluded, finally letting up.
Cass started absently stroking up and down my arm, humming Lady Gaga again.
“Yes, that is the function he currently serves,” he said with a nod.  “Since we’re all here together, I wondered if maybe he would join us if we asked.”
The marble counting was closer this time, but Eileen still emerged triumphant.
The ride was quiet, but not uncomfortably so.
“You’re worth it, too,” I whispered, staring at his lips.
man,” Sam put in.
“And your mother never needs to see that,” Sam added.
Cass continued to glare at Eileen.
“You,” he begged.
“I said what I said.”
“Jackass,” I grumbled, picking the bag up.
“This pie is excellent, though,” I commented, taking some more for myself.  “At least the future didn’t fuck up pie.”
I took the blankets from his hand, holding them over me but leaving half the bed empty and waiting.
“A whole
“Why do you have to pick a fight with him over everything?” Sam asked.
I caught his face in my hands, lazily tracing over his swollen bottom lip.  “Definitely not.”
I shook my head, not wanting to think about how much I had
“Oh…” I said.  “Also, how long have I been dead?”
Of course, the longer we drove, the harder it was to ignore how fucking weird the world had gotten.
“Okay…?”
“People don’t find their peace by hiding from the life they lived,” Cass said with a shrug.
“Rowena said it did, so that’s good enough for me,” Junior said, coming to sit next to his father.  “You okay?”
“You like kissing me?” he asked, sounding pleased.
I stretched my arms over my head, hearing something pop, then settled back in, wrapping myself around Cass.  “Dean Winchester is not the little spoon,” I informed him.
“So baby grows up and you leave the other two fathers behind?” I asked, deciding to pick a fight instead.  “No, wait, it was only the one father that you cut out of your life.”
One minute I was sitting on the porch, having a beer with Bobby, and the next I was standing in the bunker next to an equally confused-looking Sam.
“And now Cass is here, so we’re all gonna watch another one.”
We both looked up towards the roof, where Junior was standing, waving the glowy orb around.
I cracked up, listening to him struggle to figure out how to stop the recording before putting on the next song.  I had no idea what kind of equipment he’d decided to use for this, but the sound quality was a little scratchy, suggesting he might have just been holding up a microphone to a tape player.
“Should we… do something?” Sam asked slowly.
person.”
Cass flat out chortled at that.
It wasn’t what I was used to.  It wasn’t passionate or wanting.  It was… steady.  Warm.  Hopeful.
I glanced over my shoulder to see the two of them exchanging a very long, meaningful look.
“No,” I said sullenly.
“Dean once arm wrestled a seraph and won,” Sam said.
“Are we really not going to have a car dance party to
“See, we fit together better this way,” I said.
“Of course,” I repeated more forcefully, taking one hand off the wheel and squeezing his shoulder.
There were actual tears welling up in his eyes.  “Dean, I… I don’t feel worthy.”
“I like sprinkles,” he decided, staring very hard at the strawberry donut he was eating.  “They do not seem like they add anything of value, and yet without them, the donut is lesser.”
“No, I… I mean, the passenger is to shut his cakehole, is he not?”
“But I can’t really hear the words…”
His eyes crinkled in a smile, a blush spreading across his cheeks.  “What was that for?”
I felt the rough, familiar texture of Cass’s trenchcoat against my cheek, and I found myself closing my eyes.
He pulled his walkman out of his coat and ejected the tape.  He looked at it, then cast his eyes over to me.  “This is…” he trailed off.  He looked at the tape and then back to me.  “This is all I have left to give.”
“Did the pie help?”
“You know what we should do?” Cass said suddenly, like he hadn’t just joined everyone in taking a shit on me.
“Can we listen to Led Zeppelin today?” he asked.
“Pick something good.”
“Thought so,” I said, pushing away from the table.
“Deaaaaaaaan,” he repeated, making my name just about twenty syllables long.
The movie started.
“Dean.”
And fine, listening to Cass gravel through that off-key was the funniest thing I had ever heard in my life.  I was crying I was laughing so hard (which didn’t have anything to do with anything else).
“We went to bed right after the ritual,” I said, Sam nodding his agreement.
“‘Hand’ ‘job’,” he repeated slowly, like it was something foreign.
I snorted.
“I know,” he said, his tone taking on a regretful tinge.  “I would have come to you if I could have.”
Back on earth, Dean Winchester II reached for the toilet paper as he sat on the bunker toilet.  As his fingers touched the material, he frowned.  It was course, hard, and not like toilet paper at all.  He tugged on it, finding that the thick cardboard-like material came off the toilet paper roll easily, leaving nothing behind.  Some actual toilet paper was glued to it, but unusable.
“Music is truly powerful.”
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean mumbled, pressing his face into his neck.  Then there were the soft, very unmistakable sounds of lips against skin.
“A bad boy?” I repeated with a snort.
“I’m here,” he said, towering over me.
“What?” he asked, eyes flicking to mine as he studied my expression.  “You and I?”
Dean threw the cardboard to the ground with an annoyed roll of his eyes, but then he couldn’t help but laugh.
“It’s not something you need to thank me for.”
I sighed and ejected Metallica.
I was trembling as I pressed my lips to the back of his neck.
“Thanks?”
“I was thinking
“Yeah, okay, point taken,” I said, knocking his arm affectionately.
My hand twitched, reaching out for something.
Eileen just shrugged, like winning Hungry, Hungry Hippos was some kind of great accomplishment that only she was talented enough to achieve.
The game that followed was vicious, and Sam and I just hit our levers absently while our eyes went between Eileen and Cass, then back to each other to exchange bemused but slightly frightened looks.
“Ca-ass,” I growled right back at him.
“I know you well enough to know that feelings make you uncomfortable,” he said.  “Especially things you have no experience with.”
“And Jimmy certainly made
She did not, but Patience and I were a more dominant team than she was expecting.
“Okay, well as fun as fighting the patriarchy has been, can we go eat some of those s’mores?” Kaia requested, looking at Claire.
“He didn’t come back, Sammy.”
“Say it, Dean,” he prodded me.  “Put it into words.”
I cleared my throat.
“Your faces are going to stick like that,” Dad commented, sounding surprisingly good-humored.
“You don’t mind?”
, his eyes informed me.
He grinned at me, taking off his trenchcoat and then his suit jacket, neatly hanging them over the back of the armchair.
“Actually, Sam, I did have an inkling of what Dean was up to,” Cass answered honestly.
I ignored him.
“But I don’t even know.”
“Joining in the fun.”
“Are you sure?” he asked, tilting his head as he looked over at Sam sleeping peacefully.
“Listen, what happens during the Rite of Blood stays in the Rite of Blood,” I said.
He did so, pushing in their debut album.
“I’m not running away from anything,” I said with a frown.  “I just admitted to you that I killed myself.  Pretty sure that’s my big breakthrough.  The reason I can’t find peace even though I’m here in friggin’ heaven.  Just another way your daddy fucked me over.”
And then his hand was suddenly pulling away, his shoulders tensing as Dad reappeared, reloading the cooler with beer.
“You need another shot,” I told him, filling up two shot glasses of whiskey.
I could feel him glaring at me.  “It is insulting when you do that, you know.”
Cass drew up beside me, and I gave him a Look before sliding my arm around his shoulder again and moving to join the others.
is always going to be funny,” I said, squinting my eyes at the flash of white sailing over the net and hitting it back.
“Yes, you.”
“Hey,” I said, sliding into the driver’s seat.  “You been out here long?”
“Dean, we need to meet Mellie and Rowena tonight, so we don’t really have time for this,” Sam tried to explain to me logically.
“Sammy, Sammy, Sammy!” I said, hitting the back of Sam’s seat excitedly.  “Is your son a Zeppelin fan?!”
“Good job, Junior!” I called as loud as I could, but Junior just shrugged, unable to hear me.
“You are also incredibly pigheaded and stubborn,” he sighed.
“I have no idea,” Sam said, brows furrowing.
He ignored me, but stopped short when Cass put a hand to his chest.
Sam leaned his head on my shoulder, which was awkward since he was a giant.  “This just makes me really, really happy.”
“Yes.
He was cocooning me in his wings.  It felt like the touch of his hand, sparks of electricity surrounding my entire body.
I felt lost, but Cass’s steady gaze was an anchor.  So I did what my body thought I should do and brushed my lips against his.
“Listen to Casanova over here,” Bobby mumbled, rolling his eyes.  “Have a drink,” he said, holding a beer out to Cass.
It bounced off his chest and slid to the floor.
At some point I glanced over at Cass, and he was looking at me softly, smiling like a creep.  He immediately looked away when he realized he’d been caught.
This was going to be so annoying.
?” I asked incredulously.
“My revenge will be all-consuming,” I said, slumping back in my seat and crossing my arms over my chest.  “All-consuming.”
“I couldn’t hear your prayers in the Empty,” he explained, head tilted as he tried to peer up at me.
“Hello, Dean,” Cass groaned into my arm.
“Dean?”
Cass was holding me, surrounding me, his cheek pressed to mine as he murmured soothingly.  I could only catch what he was saying in bits and pieces between the aching sobs that were heaving out of my very being.
“No, we are not a friggin’ couple!” I snapped.  “I’m not gay!  Jesus.”
“You were not exaggerating,” Junior marveled to Sam, still staring at me in awe.
“How much time do we have?” Sam asked.
Was I ready to close that chapter?  To stop regretting the family I lost?
I couldn’t stop my affectionate smile in return.  “Did you really have a rough day?” I asked.
“I think I might,” Junior said, looking genuinely perplexed.  “I mean, all these years, and I never once…  But I guess now that I’ve heard it out loud, it’s starting to…  Yeah, I mean, Castiel talks about you a lot.
“No,” he said, shaking his head while he cried.
“I’m sorry, I would not have missed that for all the world,” Junior said with a snort.
“Cass,” I said, petting his arm.
“I just… never got to… process it?” I said slowly.  “You dropped this bombshell on me about the deal you made with the Empty in one breath, and then you were telling me how you felt in the next breath, and then you were just… gone… and… I was pissed, okay?  And I was gutted and I hurt and I…  Cass, you were just
“Yeah, uh, I kinda… those are for Sam and my mom,” I said.
“You two were actually talking?” Sam asked, sliding into his own seat and passing me a bag.
“Well you don’t have to be anymore,” he said, frowning at me.  “You should enjoy spending time with your family.”
“Personal space?” he asked.
“I’m sorry, Sammy,” I said, and my voice cracked.  I swallowed, trying to get it back under control.  “You know I had to go first, you know I couldn’t…”
“And was it hilarious?” I asked.
I snorted.  “You want some sex tips, Cass?”
“Not that powerful.”
“Shut up, man,” Dean grumbled, but there was no bite to it.
Kaia got in a nice hit that popped cleanly over the net and came straight back down, but I was already on the move, ready to send it back over.
“How am I looking at you?”
“Cass, I didn’t invite you into my bed as a friend,” I tried to tell him as plainly as possible.
I was tired.
“Totally.”
The tension didn’t leave Dean’s shoulders.
“Sit next to me,” I said, smiling back and hoping it wasn’t a smirk.
“I always tell Dean that he needs feminism,” Cass said, shaking his head.
“Oh, well, you know, I’ll try and fit it into my busy schedule of doing nothing all day.”
“I’m right here,” I told him, sliding my hands under his shirt and up the warmth of his back.
“Earth music,” he explained, his expression softening into a smile.  “I want to listen to it all.”
“I think he will not mind as he is currently elsewhere and otherwise occupied.”
“You look okay,” he agreed.  “Have you… processed things?”
“She doesn’t remember me,” I pointed out.
“I… don’t eat, Dean.”
“Wow, look what the cat dragged in.”
Damn, but he could read me like a book.  Luckily, Junior and Claire hadn’t noticed.
“How could you do that?” I asked, closing my eyes more tightly.  “How could you just throw everything away like that-”
“Yes.”
When I was seated in the middle of the candles, I used Cass’s phone to message Sam.  “They’re almost ready,” I informed Cass.
“Perfect,” I said, pulling back onto the road.
“Gone, right,” I said, huffing out a laugh.
“Then what are we even arguing about?” Cass asked, his nose all scrunched up.
with Cass.  In public.
“Tough bein’ the boss,” I’d agree, then I’d go back to driving.
“Dean,” came Cass’s gravelly voice from my shoulder.
“Told him what?” Cass asked, his head tilting to the side.
“…yes…” I said, trying to own it.
“This isn’t a freaking science experiment,” I complained, panting.
“Great seeing you all,” she said, “but I need to haul ass back to Sioux Falls and get to work.”
“I was born first.”
reference?” he asked, looking thoroughly confused.
“Then when do you want to have it?”
“Castiel,” Dad replied, not turning around from where he was sitting in the front next to me.
I reached over again to close the glove box, only to have a couple of tapes come flying out.
He passed another cup to Sam, then faced forward again.
“Yeah, so don’t be late,” he said.
“Holy shit, this is boring,” I decided after about three minutes of sitting in my little candlelit circle.  I opened Cass’s phone and started scrolling through his texts with Junior.  It was completely uninteresting, but also pissed me off.
“Well, this has been great, but it’s time we headed home,” Sam said.  He was looking at me and Cass with this weird, soft expression.
“Hey, I was not involved in the tofu incident,” Claire protested.
I looked down on the tape.  It was simply labeled
“Until we defeat Temeluchus.”
“Cass,” I said, catching his wrist.
I sat behind the wheel for a while before starting up the engine.
“Um, I don’t think it’s quite that deep.”
“Yes,” I growled at him.
“Friends don’t hold each other like that.”
He huffed out an offended-sounding noise, but he seemed to be fine and dandy snuggling back into me like a little puppy.
“Oh, Cass,” she said, shaking her head.
I stood up, looking around me.  It felt good to be home again.  “I’ll tell you all about it at family dinner.”
I ran my thumb over the lettering, the prayer escaping my lips before I was even aware of what I was doing.  “Cass…”
“Dean, is someone hurting you?” Cass asked, even more concerned.
“I understand,” he said, reaching up his hand to touch my face, mirroring my own.
“Awesome,” I said, accepting them.  “I’ll tell Cass you get a gold star.”
?!” Sam demanded.
I could feel Sam’s judgemental stare from the backseat.
“You just always look really happy when you’re with Castiel,” she said, her expression soft.
“What the hell are you doing here, Cass?” I asked, switching on the anger to dull the ache.
“Uh, we kinda need him for the spell,” Junior said.
At some point we had migrated to the couch and things had gotten a little more serious with tangled legs and the lightest press of hips, but we were still in PG-13 territory.  I wasn’t really the take-it-slow type of guy, but maybe that was because I’d never made it with an angel who was hellbent on discovering how many ways he could make me moan without taking my clothes off.
“That wasn’t an invitation…”
He looked at me.
Cass squinted, like that would help him hear the music better.
“Are you saying that to me or to yourself?” he asked genuinely.
“Oh, right,” he said, and suddenly he was blood-free.
I immediately got lost in the story, mouthing along with the words.
“If you do not mind,” he said, looking at me uncomfortably and holding his body stiffly, trying to keep himself as far away from me as possible.
“Why are you being so awkward?” I complained.  “Act normal.”
“Grab one for me!” Claire called after me.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
It wasn’t a bad trip.  I mean, as far as the Winchesters went, that wasn’t saying much, but we were all
thing, but…”
“Dean, do not leave me hanging.”
His smile went soft.  “Of course it is, Dean.”
He blinked at me.
“Like
?” Cass repeated.
“Yeah, but I mean like, where is your
“You’re gonna eat those words,” I declared, putting my beer down and leaping to my feet.
He turned his head a little to squint at me.  “Are you parodying the words of sitcom housewives upon the return of their husbands?”
“Huh?”
“You know what, you’re right,” I said, standing up.  “You’re not elderly at all, you’re twelve.”
“Dr. Ellen Piccolo loves Dr. Sexy with all of her heart,” he mused.
I felt myself smiling as I hit the call button.
“I get final veto power,” I mumbled, trying to regain some semblance of my authority.
“Thanks,” I said.  I picked up the mug and took a sip, and I waited.
“I’m sorry, Dean, but this is important,” he said flatly.  “I know you think you’ve worked out your issues, but I want you to know that nothing has been resolved  here.”
“There’s nothing to thank me for.”
Cass left the damn Beyoncé tape mixed in with my collection.
I pulled my hand free from Cass’s.
“So hilarious,” Sam grumbled.  “…
“Yeah.”
“Good,” I said.  “Don’t leave me.”
“I do not,” I said, rolling my eyes.
Sam didn’t seem to want to let Jack go, so somehow Cass squeezed in between them, and the three of them shared a very uncomfortably long hug.  Then, in what must have been straight out of a horror movie, they all turned to stare at me.
“So what’s stopping you?”
“Thanks,” I said.
I kept rewinding it, listening again and again.
“Don’t get him started,” Dean grumbled at me, because apparently he was the only one who could use phrases that Cass didn’t understand.
“You’re supposed to be enjoying yourself, you know, not nerding it up,” I explained, tracing over the muscles of his back.
“No, see, you have to say it slowly,” he explained.
That also turned out to be a terrible idea.
In my sleepy, sated state, I didn’t quite find the energy to object to being the little spoon.
“Queen Bey, yes,” he said with a sincere nod.
I laughed.  “I guess this is the song that played every morning when Gabe trapped us in the Mystery Spot where I kept dying and Sam had to keep reliving the same day over and over.”
I gestured for him to put the tape in.
“Hard day at work, dear?” I teased him.
I looked at him.
“It is,” he said.  “Dean, you are in heaven.  You are free from the shackles of the world to just be happy, whatever that means to you.”
“I will remain in the corner.”
He whirled around, annoyed.  “‘Really great’?” he repeated irritably.
“…Sammy, that is some new agey bullcrap.”
“No shit?  She Donna’s kid?”
“Get ready to eat hippo shit, Winchester,” she replied.
Cass was a terrible person to watch a horror movie with.  His face would always screw up as he prepared to ask constant questions about what was happening.
“So you’re gonna join…?”
“Music is very powerful,” he stated seriously.
“I’ve got burgers,” Dean Junior declared, getting into the car and tossing a paper bag to Cass.
“Why am I always the bad guy?!” I demanded.
he said, taking a sip of his beer.
“Um, there totally is,” Charlie protested.  “You never want to bone someone!”
“Cass!”
“Yep.”
She nodded, briefly reaching out to squeeze my hand.
I found myself staring at his mouth, my tongue darting out subconsciously to lick my lips.
“Says the biggest weirdo of them all,” Sam muttered, wiping his face off on his shirt.
“In case you did not think I could.”
tape’?” I asked, desperate for a subject change.
“So was there a special reason for this movie marathon torture session?” Sam asked, straightening up the throw pillows.
I sighed, staring up at the ceiling.
“Oh,” he said.  “Thank you.”
The phone buzzed and a new message popped out of it.
“I was joking.”
Me and Cass sat on the hood of the Impala, drinking beers while Black Sabbath blasted through the speakers.
“Who in the what now?” I asked, taking a drink and specifically not looking at Cass.
“Just wanted to hit the road,” I said, eyes fixed forward.  “Figured you might not mind co-piloting.”
Shit, he was cute.
All the tracks from Castiel's mixtape can be found in the main playlist, or listen to the C90 mixtape ‘Dean’ separately on
His smile always took over his face as he reached out to accept the latest one, teeth flashing and eyes crinkling in a way that just made it seem like all was right with the world.
“Personal space.”
“That’s Temeluchus,” Cass explained.
I eyed the burnt bacon and the questionably runny eggs, but I gave Cass a smile and a ‘thank you’ before taking a very careful bite.
“Yes, Dean, so very much,” he said sincerely.  “It’s like you’re giving me a piece of your soul with every song.”
“Yeah, yeah, you wanted me to call,” I said, waving it off.  “You know, you could have just come here yourself directly instead of playing phone tag.”
“You just feel your masculinity being threatened by being the ‘little spoon’,” Cass replied easily.
“Dean?”
“If you think that’s best.”
“What did you choo-” he started to ask, then his entire face lit up as
“Well James Hetfield is a hell of a poet,” I informed him.
Sam’s lips twitched into a smile.  “My older brother, yeah.”
“Yeah,” I said, deciding I wasn’t bothered by that assessment.  “I am.”
“Cass is a fucking angel,” I pointed out.
“-which I do-”
.  “I guess that’s an okay start, but you’re gonna need to keep ‘em comin’.”
“I’m not gay!” I said, pushing him away.
I flipped open my book and started reading.
“Then I’ll pop down to Earth-”
I nodded.
Then something caught my ear.
“Not to me,” Cass said, shaking his head.  “Not to us.”
“No.”
“Sam was not quite as enthusiastic about the situation,” Cass said, shaking his head.  “At least Eileen thought it was funny.”
“You’re shit at singing, too,” I said, and then I laughed a little too long.
“Yes, that supposition was correct,” Cass said, leaning back more comfortably into the passenger seat and loosening his tie.  He’d been doing weird things like that lately; acting more human.
But Jack smiled at me, and I smiled back, and all felt right with the world.
“Uh, they’re just songs,” I said, wondering how it was that dead guys could blush.  “Really friggin’ awesome songs, but just songs.”
I was starting to wonder what exactly my brother had told my namesake about me.  “I need a beer,” I decided, throwing the dungeon door open and making my way towards the kitchen.
“Oh… well, if you don’t mind…”
He nodded, taking off his trench coat and suit jacket and placing them carefully over the back of the easy chair.  He loosened his tie, looking at the empty couch space next to me.
The kitchen was actually starting to smell pretty good, which must have awoken the beast.  Dean came trudging into the kitchen, eyes half-closed, and immediately attached himself to Cass, wrapping his arms around his waist from behind and leaning his chin heavily on his shoulder.
I took my eyes off the road and looked him fully in the eye.  “Don’t be stupid,” I said, then fixed my eyes forward again.
“I was making a joke,” he said, moving to take off his trenchcoat but then hesitating.
“He’s right here, Dean.  In the next room.”
“Maybe you’re just a bitch,” Eileen suggested.
I pulled back a few centimeters, and even that felt like too much distance.  “Kiss me back?” I requested.
“Yes, we may have to practice all night,” Cass declared.  “I will not stop until I understand the secret.”
“Okay, but it’s just
actually had me a little impressed with his mixtape-making skills.
“…I was going to say, ‘getting laid’…” I trailed off, realizing now that the chair I had my arm draped over was occupied by the traitorous Castiel.  I tried to covertly remove it, but Sam caught my eye and smirked, so I left it there to spite him.
“Good.  That’s all I ask.”
“Yes?”
“Oh my god, I forgot how annoying you are to watch a movie with.”
“No,” I said, at the same time that Cass said, “yes.”
“Do they really think we can’t hear them?” Mom whispered to me.
“Sammy’s whipped,” Dean informed Cass, then made the accompanying wrist snapping gesture and sound effect.
We were both quiet with our own thoughts after that, and eventually I remembered how to sleep.
“That Jimmy
He waited.
“It just took me a moment to get here.”
“I need to talk to you about something,” he finally said, eyes not meeting mine.
“How many times do I have to remind you that salt and sugar are two different things,” Dean grumbled into his eggs.
They put us in the guest room that night.
“I definitely think that you can.”
He pressed his forehead to mine, closing his eyes.  “You are worthy of being loved, Dean, and I will continue to love you until the end of my days.”
“As you did not typically allow others to drive, I don’t think we really experienced any difference in the transition to driver-less,” Cass said, speaking for the first time.
The question was really more
“I think it’s apt.”
I smacked him on the arm.  “Hey, asshole, I missed you.”
“Castiel, will you be joining us or remain sulking in the corner?” she asked, flashing him a bright smile.
I glanced up at him.
Cass reached into his pocket, pulling out his walkman.  He ejected the cassette and held it up.  “Do you mind?”
“It doesn’t make it less true.”
“Yeah, he can hold his own,” Sam said, and I could hear the beaming dad-pride in his voice.
His eyes finally stopped boring into mine as he turned to look at the wall.  “It’s not a problem.  It’s wonderful.  It’s what I’ve always wanted for you.”
“Okay,” he said, then hesitated.  “This is okay?”
I continued guiding the car along the sharp curves of the road.
I took in a deep breath, glancing over at him.
“I did that once,” Cass commented.  There was a long pause.  “It was most unpleasant.”
“Of course I don’t care,” I growled, but I could already feel the anger dissipating.  Somehow I’d gotten better at letting go of things.  “I mean, of course I care.  About Cass.  About… whatever.  Feelings and shit.  I just… he dropped that bomb on me, and then he left.”
Dean looked like he was going to have a heart attack.  “We don’t need to go into all the details!”
“Perhaps you should worry more about your own sex life than mine,” he said.
I scoffed at that, but the sound came out as a strangled sob.
“Cass, man, really?” I asked irritably.
“Hey,” I said, cupping his jaw and thumbing over his lip.  “Come on, this isn’t news to you.”
“How can you be like that?” I asked, shaking my head.  I sat up again and took a pull from my beer.
Dean’s smile as he looked down at the table was something I hadn’t seen in a very long time.  “You’re lucky you’re cute,” he said, shaking his head but still grinning.
“Yeah, I got your hot dinner right here,” I said, shoving the popcorn at him.
Cass smiled at me, his gaze lingering.
I didn’t know what to do with that.  “I need a beer,” I decided, disappearing into the kitchen.
“I’m really okay,” he confirmed.
“Go home, Sammy, you’re drunk,” I said, squishing his face.
“What…?” Sam mumbled confused.
“Yes,” I said confidently.
I didn’t know what to do.  I felt frozen.
“Cass,” I repeated more urgently.
?” I repeated with a snort.
“I understand that my interest in you is unwelcome-”
,” he said, gesturing at me vaguely.
“You are so… you,” I decided.
“But Dr. Sexy is not her person,” he said, his brow creased as he slowly worked through his thoughts.
I focused on Sam.
“I already rode around in your abomination of a vehicle all day, and now you’re telling me that I need to eat a… t-to…” I tried to get the word out, but it stuck in my throat.
I made a face at him, but he just smiled fondly.
But Dean wasn’t ready for that.  So I took mercy on him and drank more of his terrible coffee.
“Hey, Cass?” I prayed.  “Thanks.”
“You knew for months!” I snapped, hitting my fist on the table.  “We could have hit the books, figured something the fuck out-”
“So you completed your journey of self-discovery and are ready to wrap up this chick flick?” I asked.
I wanted things to be right between us again, I just had no idea where to start, and it certainly wasn’t going to happen with Nosy and Nosier sitting in the front.  “Do these joke machines have tunes?” I asked instead.
“Mm-hm,” Sam said, flipping through the pictures on the phone and laughing to himself.
,” she had said, shaking her head.  “
“With the power of the Michael sword and Lucifer sword, yes, of course.”
,” he said slowly, sounding the word out in his mouth like it was something foreign.
“I… what…?”
He looked back at me.
Then the song ended, and I could hear Cass’s faraway-sounding voice in the back of the recording.  “
“Is that right?” Dean hummed, his voice dropping a little lower.
“Thank you,” he said, his touch lingering as he took the tape from me.  “I’ve been enjoying the
“Of course, man,” I said, trying not to notice how his head was starting to lilt to the side, getting dangerously close to my shoulder.  “Hey, Cass?”
I continued singing, but I bumped my knee lightly against his.
Everyone had their laugh at my expense and then we finally got down to business.
“…is it okay that I’m here?” Cass asked tentatively.
“Strippers are awesome,” I declared.
I fixed my eyes on the road, drumming my fingers on the steering wheel.
Cass took me in, sitting on the couch with a bowl of popcorn.  “Are we watching a movie?”
“What is it that you want to do, then?”
“You cou-”
“Cass, no,” Sam said immediately, at the same time as Junior protested, “we need your help with the spell before we get there.”
“Dean.”
“Hey, Sammy,” he said, holding the door open for me before I had even reached the porch.
“We’ve already watched two,” Sam said, making a face.
I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath.
“I’m hanging up now.”
“It might be nice sometimes,” he said with an innocent shrug.
He didn’t say anything, though, so I wasn’t going to say anything either.  Talking about things didn’t fix them.
His return smile was soft, and then he closed his eyes.  “I know I can always rest here.”
He frowned at me, but by the time I hit the chorus he was rolling his eyes and letting a little half-smile tug at the corner of his mouth.
I felt frustrated.  “Stop trying to tell me how I can feel.”
Mellie looked between us all with a fascinated look on her face.  “Wait, are Castiel and Dean a couple?!”
“That is also true,” I agreed.  “Sammy certainly has the longest, thickest imaginable stick up his ass, but he occasionally knows how to pull it out and let his hair down.”
I tried.  “I’m just not into jilted lover chick music.”
Sam looked thoughtful.  “There’s someone I need to see.”
“I’m still processing, okay?” I said.  “But as long as you don’t try to make me talk about it, we can sit here and sing Jethro Tull together.”
His eyes widened a little.
“Work,” he would explain.
I curled our fingers together, something that was becoming like a habit lately, and cradled his hand to my chest.
Cass looked pleased with himself, which made me feel… something I didn’t want to think about.
She made one back.
Neither of us spoke.
“You’re both drunk,” Cass said.  “Other Dean is definitely drunk.”
“We could start at
Eileen smirked at him.
“Oh, is it an instrumental song?”
Cass went still as I disentangled us.
“Every time I would watch over you, there was always this sense of contentment to you.  Your anger was completely gone.  You were finally at rest.  And then I showed up.”
“Go do your angel crap,” I said, reaching up a hand and touching his cheek.
Cass sighed loudly.  “Be quiet and listen.”
“My point still stands.”
“She seemed a little annoyed with you, though, Dean.”
“Interesting that you mention that, Samuel,” I said.  “Interesting that you mention my known predilection for meat products, when you have schemed here with your son to bring me this faux meat
“She was a black haired beauty with big dark eyes,” I continued to sing.  “And points all her own, sitting way up high.”
“Good effort,” he agreed.
I glanced at Cass, feeling an answering smile tugging on my lips at the way his entire face lit up at the sight of Jack.  I patted him on the shoulder.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“Yes, I think it will,” I said, jabbing my finger into his ridiculously broad chest.
“Beer?” Sam offered.
He relaxed a little, half-smiling.  “Good.”
“Dean, a car dance party only works if all occupants of the vehicle participate.”
He nodded, shame-faced.
The hug went on for a lot longer than I thought was necessary, and then my brother was turning around and gesturing to me with a warm smile.  “This is your Uncle Dean.”
Jack was looking up at me with an expression that resembled awe.  “What about the vegan bacon?” he asked softly, swallowing and trying to smile.
“Please,” he repeated, doing it again.
“Lie back and enjoy the ride, boys,” she said, then started chanting in Latin.
I touched my flannel shirt self-consciously.
I took a breath and dropped my hands from my face, giving her a tired look.
“I guess that means Junior and Sam handled whatever came their way,” I said.
I rolled my eyes and turned the volume on the stereo up.
“Eileen sends her love, by the way,” Sam said to me, going with the big-eyed stare next.
“Sorry,” he said softly.  “I didn’t know that things between you and John were still so… unresolved.”
A frown tugged at Cass’s mouth.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  I did not mean to upset you.”
“You a lyrics guy, Cass?”
“I’m sorry, Jack named you Steven Tyler?” I asked, not sure if I should laugh or just feel really proud.
“No,” I said sharply.  “No more going.  No more running away.”
I felt like a raw nerve.  I reached down, touching my hand to his hair, letting my fingers dig in.  “Stay,” I requested.
“Cass?” I repeated, completely thrown off.
“Roll over,” I grumbled at him, sitting up and rubbing my hand over my face.
“Dean, I have to find out the secret of the marbles,” he whispered to me.
“Enochian,” Sam explained, shaking his head.
His head tilted and his lips parted.  He hesitated.  “I wasn’t sure if that was still true?”
“I can choose again?” Cass asked, surprised.
I think I wanted to lodge a protest, but he was kissing me with all his enthusiasm and technique again, and then there was nothing to complain about.
There were new tears to replace the ones I’d wiped away.
“Yeah, well,” I mumbled.
Eileen had the same damn look on her face, but then she locked eyes with Cass and started making throat-slashing gestures with her finger.
“I think that’s lovely,” Cass said, carefully returning the tapes to the glove box.  His hand hesitated for a moment.  “So they’re not just one band…?”
“Dean?” he asked cautiously when I didn’t say anything.
I opened my mouth, but nothing came out.
“You called me?” he said, slow and confused.
for a second time, and I felt my hand going over to Cass, taking his hand off of the wheel to hold it.
Cass seemed to accept that as normal enough, waving back, while Dean looked mortified and turned away.
“Yes, the entire universe almost ceased to exist, but anyway, Jack was finally able to recreate my vessel,” he explained without actually explaining anything.  “Unfortunately, you were already gone by that time.”
“The fuck was that?” I finally ground out.
Cass reached for me.
His brows were drawn together and his lips were pushed out, and I couldn’t help but marvel that
“Shut up, Sammy,” I grumbled, but Dad actually laughed.
“Then say that,” he said, still frowning.
“Yeah, okay, unconscious as in asleep, but also unconscious as in having no fucking idea that you’re even there, watching them like a creep.”
“Cool, so anyway, I have been talking to some friends about starting a Dungeons and Dragons party.”
“Oh, no, Dean, you’re not being cagey at all.”
“When I tried to kiss him, he rejected me,” I grumbled.
“How many friggin’ tapes do you have?” I marveled as Cass and I sat in my living room, going through his ridiculous collection.
I liked Cass, after all.
“To Jack,” he clarified.
I just nodded my head, showing my support for Sam’s confusion.
“So, did Claire fill you in about Temeluchus…?” Sam asked.
“Nah, it’s hilarious.”
“You’re quite popular.”
I heard him breathe in sharply at that, almost like a flinch of pain.
Sam rolled his eyes harder.  “Dean, what is this?  You’re mad that Cass didn’t come to see you in heaven?”
“I don’t think that’s how biology works.”
“You gettin’ them in line?”
“…yes…?”
“Self-harm is not funny,” Cass said sternly.
“Cass, are you fucking kidding me?”
“So what’s a million times more?” I asked with a shrug.  “Besides, I wanted Cass to watch
He signed something back with his free hand, but eventually their conversation became so involved that he needed both.
“We’ve both put each other through a lot of shit,” I said.  “But somehow, we… we got through it.  And our relationship, it got stronger.  It changed.  It…”
“I love you,” I repeated urgently.  “I love you so much.  You… you’re my one.  You’re my apple pie.  It’s you.”
“Why the hell is it me?!”
He was found.
I patted the angel blade in my pocket, and Cass nodded at me before disappearing into the night.
Cass tilted his head to the side.
“Oh, is this a monarchy?” I asked.
Sam slowly eased off of the chair and pulled out the deflated whoopee cushion.  “…why…?”
“Yes,” he agreed.  “But if you find yourself in need of a passenger again, you know how to reach me.”
“Do what?” I complained.
“A little bit, yes.”
One step at a time.
Cass appeared in front of me, looking very perplexed.  “You know I do not have a harp, Dean.  In fact, I am a very unskilled musician.”
There was a lot to unpack in that.  “It’s not an intrusion,” I grumbled, elbowing him.  “And I prayed to you every night on earth after you…  I prayed every night.”
It took a while, days or months (I never really understood how time worked in heaven), but when I was ready, I said, “I want to see Lisa.”
“I didn’t want to-”
“No.”
“I like them occasionally,” I said, taking my hand back and turning the volume up.  “On a steeeeel horse I riiiide,” I sang along to Bon Jovi.
“Then I call shotgun,” I said, glaring at the two of them.
Our conversations always meandered, about Cass’s work, about what was going on in my little patch heaven, about the past.  I felt relaxed, listening to Cass’s low voice talk about organizing angel tree planters floating over heavy guitar and a cacophony of drums.
?” I grumbled to myself.
“No, not loud like that,” he said, shaking his head.  “It is… difficult-to-have-a-conversation loud.”
“You’re not scared.”
He tilted his head towards me, giving me a warm smile.  “Sam and Other Dean will have been waiting for us for a while.”
“Very true,” Cass agreed.  “What are you reading, Sam?”
“That’s not really the point.”
My mouth felt dry.
“Will that make it less loud?” he asked.
to be happy.  You
I patted his arm as a means to quickly reclaim my hand without seeming like I was quickly reclaiming my hand.  I placed it firmly back on the wheel.  “So, what do you want on your mixtape?”
“Oh,” he said, nodding.  “Yes, I’m ‘here’ ‘here’.”
“And this is a problem why?”
Dean was still standing, shifting from one foot to the other, with his coffee just sitting between his hands, forgotten.  “So…” he said gruffly.
“Father-son bonding time,” Sam said, scrambling out of his side of the car, and he and Junior took off at a much faster walking pace than necessary.
“Dad?” the man repeated.  He was tall, with brown hair that was longer than it needed to be, and it was obvious enough even for those of us who had no idea what was going on.
“You’re not,” he said, giving me an amused look.
,” I suggested.
Sam was looking at me like I was crazy.
“And Junior?”
“Oh, I do know that, Dean,” Cass said.  “Would you like me to name all the breeds in alphabetical order?”
“Dean and I will take the south,” Sam chimed in quickly.
I was dying.
Cass gave me a pleased look.
“It’s kind of nice, actually.”
Mom and I pasted on smiles and waved awkwardly.
“That’s not true, Cass,” I said quietly.
I thought about the weight of him pinning me to the mattress.
“…he did what now?”
“Cass said these bodies will only stay bonded to our souls for three days,” he said.  “All I’m saying is that maybe before we go back to heaven, you should figure your shit out.”
We were very drunk, and we were playing Operation while listening to Ringo Starr sing about yellow submarines.
I gave him a big shrug and upped the winsome charm in my smile.
“This is not your car.”
“Pretty classic, right?” he said, and he looked so fucking happy that I couldn’t even continue being a dick to him.
“Yes, I’m good as new,” he replied, patting his bloody trenchcoat.
“You have created this… chick flick moment.”
want to bone him!”
“Hopefully within an hour and forty-seven minutes,” Cass said after a moment of calculating.
“You just figured that out?”
“Put your marbles where your mouth is,” I retorted.
“Uh, yeah,” I said.  “The guys offs himself in front of my face and then doesn’t have the decency to pop in and say, ‘hey, I’m alive, it all worked out in the end’?”
Cass gave me a haughty look.  “Funny how excited you get at hearing a lowly ‘sample’.”
“I do not think that Mary would take offense.”
“I…” he trailed off, looking thoughtful.  “I don’t know how to explain it,” he said, genuinely confused.  “I want to… be near you.  And I want to do things for you.  Like helping Other Dean when he’s in trouble.  I want to… make you happy.”
“Cass,” I groaned, running a hand through my hair.  “Come on, are we really fighting right now?”
Something inside of me unclenched.  I knew that what had only felt like a few days to me had been weeks for Cass.  Maybe we were both just… nervous…
He breathed out through his nose.  “It was certainly annoying.”
“So Cass helped you on cases.”
“Dean, are you happy?” he asked quietly.
.  We were trying to re-learn how to be together as a family.  And we weren’t very good at it.  But we were
I caught myself thumbing along his cheek and stilled my hand.  “Thank you.”
“At least I don’t cry over tentacle porn,” he grumbled.
“Clean up your damn trenchcoat,” I said irritably, still trying to recover from the annoying proximity of him.  That
“The Impala hasn’t run in twenty years,” Dean Junior informed me.
“Are you complaining?” he asked with a snort.
Sam fell asleep.
“Hey,” I said, sweeping my sweaty hair from my eyes and pulling the earbuds from my ears.
“This used to be our lives,” Sam said, giving me a rueful smile.
Cass’s head tilted to the side.
“Kurt Cobain was an exceptional poet,” he informed me.
The happiness was in the saying.  I felt myself start to smile.  “I love you.”
As we were getting ready to head back, I stayed behind to clean up the campsite while Dad and Sam loaded the car.
I smirked.
I groaned from the friction of it.  “We don’t have to rush,” I told him, rubbing firmly along his stomach.
The tension finally left the room, only to re-enter in the form of a trench coated angel.
The smart play would be to just hold the pillow hostage and continue to ignore him.
I just rolled my eyes.
I cracked up, turning to grin at him.
I drummed my fingers on the steering wheel, rocking out to Van Halen.
I didn’t look up from my book.  “Morning.”
“Then I guess the car dance party will not be happening.”
“After I got to heaven,” I said.  “Were you watching over me?”
“Better than whatever that was just now.”
I glanced over at him and Eileen who were both standing now.
“Was it?” I asked, shaking my head.  “Man, I cannot wait to get back home.”
“So relatable,” I mumbled, and Cass pinched me.  “Ow!”
“Sitting in the Dean Cave with your right hand and the latest video from Busty Asian Beauties?” Sam suggested.
I swallowed.
I looked at her.
“No, Dean, I…” he trailed off.  “I’m sorry, sometimes I just think about things too much.  I see more than is there.”
“Dean, wake up.”
“Right,” Cass confirmed.
“She was,” I agreed.  “If I hadn’t- if we could go back to the day we met… when I was still…”
The rooftop seemed to rock with some kind of shockwave, and suddenly light was pouring out of our asscracks again, encircling the hospital.  I felt like my blood itself was glowing, and my arms both flew flat to my sides as that feeling coursed through me.  I felt my head falling back, and my mouth opening as light shot out of there, too.
There was no answer.
“Looks like you shut the bunker down,” I told Jack, surveying the damage of the littered beer bottles and passed out people.
“I’m glad I could finally meet him,” I said, continuing down this little rabbit hole so we didn’t have to talk about me anymore.
His predecessor had left his mark, and no one was ever going to forget that he had been there.
, Dean.”
“Huh?” I said, still woozy from the ritual.
“Awesome, thanks, man,” I said.  “Oh, hey, I’ve got one for you, too.”  I turned back to the porch, where Sam was now sitting with Donna.  “Hey, Sammy, toss me my stuff!”
“Hm?” I asked, opening two beers and passing him one.  “What,
“You didn’t have to die, Dean!” he roared at me, his voice sounding like a thousand different voices echoing over each other.  “That wasn’t your only path!  We all loved you, despite what you did, despite how you tried to hide your pain, despite how you tried to push us away!  We loved you!  You didn’t have to hide!  You didn’t have to do it all on your own!  We would have shared the burden with you!”
“In your dreams,” Eileen scoffed.
“This album is confusing,” he decided.
“I’m sorry, what?”
He stepped in closer and I pulled him into a hug.  He breathed in sharply, standing rigidly in my hold.
I tossed my head back, laughing.
“I’ve been alone my whole life, man.”
“We’re going into the mountains to see if we can catch ourselves a deer,” I explained.
“Shit,” I muttered, shooting back up to a sitting position.  “What, am I that repulsive to you?”
With everyone else gone or asleep, I had nothing better to do than crawl into the bed and pass out.
“I appreciate that,” Cass said, smiling at him.  “But I’ll come back another time.”  He reached forward, resting his hand on my shoulder.
I rolled my eyes.  And why was my arm still around his chair?
and proceed chronologically?” he suggested.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“I do,” I said.
“Fixing your hair, making sure your clothing lies just right…” he explained.  “Then it is off to the bar, a few drinks, a few well-placed aw-shucks country boy smiles-”
“Dean, I’m not trying to…” she trailed off, struggling for the right words.  “I think it’s great that you’re best friends.”
“Yes, that is who I am.”
“Well, you said it yourself, didn’t you?” I said, frowning at him.  “There’s nothing we can do to fix this.”
I dropped my face in my hands, breathing in deeply.  “Then why the hell do I like kissing you?”
“I… I don’t know,” he said, sounding thoughtful.  “I guess sometimes the poets’ lyrics make me think of you, and I… I don’t like those kinds of songs.”
I felt my grin widen.
“Wait, Cass is-” I started to say, even as Cass was slipping out of the shadows.
“She changed a lot after Kaia came back,” Sam put in quickly.  We never lingered too long over that kind of talk, no matter how much heaven had chilled us out.
“Then…” he started and stopped, shaking his head.  “Please don’t look at me like that.”
Sam gave me a weary look.
Cass gave me puppy dog eyes worthy of Sam, holding his hand out to help me up.
something?
“Nature over nurture, ’cause I sure didn’t teach him any of that,” I said, shaking my head.
“I do not personally answer most prayers addressed to me,” he said.  “Unless they are yours.”
His head tilted as he gazed at me, waiting.
“I am not interested in having sex.”
“Cass,” I said, and he ignored me.  “Cass, look at me,” I tried again, and he still ignored me.  I reached out and caught his chin, directing his face towards me.
I didn’t know why everyone had to act like it was a big deal that I liked to be close to my best friend lately.  They could think whatever they wanted, though.  I ducked in a little closer so he could hear me over all the noise.  “How was work?”
“Rainbow sprinkles for Cass, check,” I said, going back to singing.  “I can barely see the road from the heat comin' off of it.  Ah, I reach down between my legs.  Ease the seat back.”
He gave me his angel version of the ‘no shit, Sherlock’ look.
“You cannot resist the intoxicating latin rhythms of Ricky Martin,” Cass said, wiggling his shoulders.
You can listen to Castiel’s full C46 mixtape ‘A Mixtape of Various Female Artists Made by Castiel for Dean as a Means of Edification’ on
into the tape deck, his way of offering comfort without saying anything.
And then he was gone, before I could get a word out, much less give him his tape back.  So I left it in the deck and sang by myself.
tape.”
“Just listen, all right?” I said, taking a deep breath.  “You were right.  I wasn’t… I’m not comfortable.  With your feelings.”
“Yeah?”
“I heard you…”
He smacked me again.  “You’re annoying.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Yes, the new angels are very… impetuous,” he said, his mouth drawing into a frown.  “They have not forged the deep bonds that we who came before have, and they always seem to believe that they know better…”
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a tape, smiling at me hopefully.
“No one cares about your true form,” I said, all blasé even as my mind drifted back to the car, to Cass’s glowing skin and shadowy wings.
“He wasn’t hitting anything,” Cass said, squinting at me.
I made a face back at him.
Cass leaned over to pick them up.  “
“We’re watching a movie,” I explained, patting the empty couch cushion between me and Sam.
I didn’t feel anything.
“I am just being myself.”
“Correct,” I said, glancing up from the TV and grinning at Cass.  “You’re just in time.”
“What the fuck did Rowena do to us?” I grumbled.
“Mm-hm.”
“Dean?”
“I have my friends and my family,” he continued, leaning in a little closer and trying to maintain eye contact.  “When my work is finished, I can visit with them, go for drives with my best friend.”
“We’ve got beer,” I added.
Cass looked startled, then frowned.
“Of course not,” he said, his head lilting to the side.
“Yes.”
Lisa and I had talked for hours.  Some of it was nice.  Some of it was not-so-nice.  Some of it was plain shit.
“The truth,” I said, laughing harder.
He sighed again.
“Nice,” I said agreeably.  “Good for Sammy.”
Cass let that settle before saying, “I thought she was your
I flopped back on the couch, burger in hand, and I really did feel okay despite the shitshow of the last few days.  I took a bite, my eyes closing in ecstasy.
A huff of a laugh.  “Heaven is falling apart without me.”
I let him sulk for a while, rubbing the back of his neck until he finally started to relax.
Cass did not react.
We went through the album again.
“What did you do to my baby?” I asked, mortified.
“Uh, hi, um, I’m your... brother?  Half-brother?” Junior said, rubbing at the back of his neck nervously.
Cass moved to pull the blankets over me, but I held out a hand to stop him.
“You’re drunk,” he said gently, pushing me to sit back down.  “I don’t want to have this conversation when you’re drunk.”
This was what we did.  Except, usually I called Cass.
“I’m not-”
I didn’t say anything on the way back, letting Cass drive while I stared out the passenger side window.
“Not enough.”
He squinted at me.  “I
“Go wake up Sammy before you go,” I said.
“Really, Cass?” I mumbled.  “The Righteous Brothers?”
“So you can sit alone in the dark with your candles?”
“Lawrence,” Junior said.
I glared at him.
He stared at me for a long moment, then looked away with his own shrug.  “Don’t tell me, then.”
I rested my forehead against Cass’s as my eyes slowly opened.
“Hm?” I said, picking up the forgotten book from my lap.  “
“I treasure your face, as I do every other part of you,” he informed Dean, touching his cheek briefly.  “I apologize if I overshared, but Sam is the first person I have been able to express my newfound joy to.”
“You get laid or something?” I asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Go for it, man,” I said, knocking his shoulder with mine.
“I have kissed multiple people.”
“And?”
At some point Dad came over to get a beer, only to find that the cooler was empty.  “How are we supposed to get anything done?” he muttered, moving off towards the house.
“No problem…
I cried until there was nothing left.
He put Metallica’s
He hesitated.
“Jack?” Sam said, already on his feet.
“Yes, Cass.”
“What is with you and worrying about being intrusive?” I asked, rolling my eyes.
He paused when the title track came on, his mouth tilting into a little smile.  “I like this song.”
“What the hell, Sammy?” I grumbled, staring at the once-familiar wall of the dungeon in front of us.
“No,” he said with such a note of finality that I immediately put the tape back into the box.
“Yeah,” I said quietly.
I threw the pillow back at him as hard as possible.
“Mm, you… inspired me, you know?” I said, keeping my eyes fixed forward.  “I mean, I know mixtapes are kinda
“He means get your ass over to our part of heaven sometimes.”
“It really is,” he agreed.
“You, too,” he said, giving me a look.
He made a soft, very contented sound.
“My soul?” I snorted.
I snorted at that.  As much as Dean liked to mock me for running (“dude, your body is literally
He ignored me.
“I really fucked that boy up,” Dad said, more to himself than to Sam.
“Your father was wrong.”
“What’s holding you back?” he asked.
“I’m not… I just suggested that they come to see you and bring a baked good.”
“I mean, you just made this whole ridiculous speech, so I’m going to have to say yes?”
“You will keep one hand on the wheel of my baby at all times,” I scolded him.
“It’s okay,” he said, touching my cheek briefly, before moving to stand up.
Cass was giving my a grin that reminded me of myself telling a dirty joke.
“But I don’t like him as much as I like you,” he said, giving me a nose-crinkling smile.
I hadn’t seen Cass in full Angel Smiting Action in a while, but it was obvious that he didn’t need anyone’s help, much less a lowly human’s.
“Uh, you’re shorter for one,” I said.  “And just… smaller in general.”
“Yes, of course,” Jack said.  “It’s nice to finally meet you, Other Dean Winchester.”
“Can’t get everything you want.”
I finally gave in to the dork driving my car, rolling my eyes and moving my shoulders.
Like I wasn’t dead, and he wasn’t the leader of heaven, and he hadn’t said all those things that he said before he went away.
I shook my head again.
“That’s not…” I trailed off.  “I don’t know why I did that.”
“Let’s go for a ride,” I said, my arm sliding around him naturally.  Then I remembered that my dad was still watching, and I prickled with self-consciousness, my fingers biting into Cass’s shoulder.
“Yes, and I won.”
Junior rolled his eyes but smiled.  “Come on, Dad,” he said, opening the door.
I stared at the cassette in my hands for a while, feeling like a failure.  How had my botched attempt to tell him how I felt turned into him thinking that
They both jumped and groaned.
I cracked up, trying not to spew pie everywhere.
“Do you want to drive?” I asked, squinting at him.  I had the feeling that Cass was just trying to see how much he could get away with.
“Cass?” I called his name.  “Cass?” I called again, more urgently.
“More than I really wanted,” Sam said, shaking his head.  “Angels have a thing for Dean for some reason.”
“That’s what you choose to focus on?”
“Oh, no, Cass, it’s totally cool that you decided to move on with your life and never talk to me again.”
“No, Dean, that’s you.”
“Great,” I said, staring out the window at the endless tunnels.  The future sucked.
“Stay where you are, Dean,” he said, completely unfazed by the punch and fixing the demon with a very ‘you don’t know who you have fucked with’ look.  Then he lifted his hand and pressed it to the demon’s forehead, filling her body with light as she screamed.  “If you move, we’ll have to start the spell all over,” he explained, letting the body drop to the ground.
Mom was with him, shaking her head and muttering about the excessive testosterone out here.  She took a couple of beers over to Bobby and Dean, cracking one open herself and looking at the carburetor.  Then she was pushing up her sleeves and getting in there with the rest of them.
She studied my face.  “Do you love him?”
“No.”
“Night,” I called to them.
“I’m flirting with
“Yes,” he agreed.
“Fuck if I know.”
“More than in the having?”
“Don’t ignore my brother,” I told him, trying not to smile back.
“Dean, I have experimented with human sexuality, and I do not find it fulfilling without a ‘connection’,” he said, making air quotes.  “Maybe someday I will make a ‘connection’ with another being who returns my feelings, but for now I am content without sexual contact.”
I thought I made it out of that one, but the next time Cass appeared in my passenger seat, he was grinning from ear to ear.
“Oh, yeah, sure.  He’s here on earth.  He’s helping Junior.  He’s bonding with Claire.  He was even freaking helping you on cases before you moved on.”
“Dad and I are fine,” I lied, and no one believed me.
“She… activated our blood?” Sam said slowly, flinching at the sound of his own voice.
He nodded back, looking away again.  He finally remembered the coffee in his hands and took a slow sip.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“So I have to go over it all again because you don’t pay attention?” he scolded me, sounding fond.
“No, we couldn’t have,” Cass said firmly.
very much.
And maybe when
“Yes, definitely,” he said with a nod.  “I’ve always appreciated the work of poets.”
“I can say it now,” I said, meeting his gaze.  “The last 10 years of my life…  I didn’t want them.  I hung on for Sammy, but eventually I had to let him go.  I killed myself because I was already dead.”
It was kind of beautiful, and I found myself rewinding it and listening again.
“Just feel what you feel,” he said, cocking his head to the side and staring into my eyes.  “Why should it matter how you define yourself?  Whose approval are you seeking?”
I pulled the car over.
“And how exactly did you arrive at that conclusion?” I asked him incredulously.
“Born first,” I said with a shrug.
“I like our family, though,” he decided.
“Never.”
, my brain supplied, even as the tingling stopped.
My addled mind was still struggling to work its way through that one as Cass sat next to me again.  “Cass.”
He held up the cardboard, eyes squinting in confusion.  There was something written on it.
“‘All these years?’” I repeated slowly, feeling my face harden even more.  “You’ve been helping Junior out
“Maybe the joke is that I didn’t do anything at all,” I said with a shrug.  I was lying, of course, but that was part of the prank.  The not knowing.
“We loved you.”
“If.  You.  See.  Kay.  Me,” Cass said slow and precisely.
“It’s not too much trouble?”
“I will do my best,” Cass said solemnly, pulling some eggs from the fridge and moving over to the stove.
I was pretty sure that hadn’t so much been a miraculous shot by Claire as it had been helped along by the Angel of the Lord Castiel.
“You both are children,” Cass decided, still smiling happily.
I took it, scanning the tracklist as we sat down by the fire.
“Dean, you are making this very mysterious,” he said.  “Do you have it on one of your tapes?  Maybe we could listen-”
“Dean doesn’t think that he deserves… love?  Anything, really,” Sam continued.
“So we should bone?” I asked, looking at her like she was crazy.
“I am,” I said, knocking our shoulders together.  I realized he was starting to get upset, and I didn’t want that.  I liked Happy Cass, as unsettling and foreign as he was.  “I am experiencing many forms of contentment right now.”
“Okay,” I said, remembering how nice it felt and nudging my nose into his neck this time.
“Says the guy who will literally cross state lines just to pick up a damn pie,” Sam mumbled.
to me.
Sam and I proceeded to stew in silence.
“I don’t know, Cass,” I said helplessly.
“No problem.”
“So you’re not being a homophobic dick about him telling you that he loves you?”
Dad was quiet.
He flashed me a confused look, but I kept staring out the window.
My place was tucked into the woods.  I parked the Impala out front and got out, leaning against the car and looking out into the trees.
“That does sound like you.”
“I am a man of many talents.”
“We’ll meet again,” Jack promised, and then he was gone.
“Now where is my goddamn burger?” I asked, shoving the tofu burger back in its bag and throwing it at Sam.
“Oh my god, just hurry up and vanish,” Claire groaned, stabbing her own pie with a little too much force.
“Asshole,” I said, but I was smiling anyway.
“Thank you for confirming that,” Cass said.  “You really don’t mind keeping them in the Impala?”
“Of course,” he said, his head flopping heavily against my shoulder.
I pulled my pie back over to me and stabbed at it crankily.  “Poor Dean.”
His eyes searched mine.
“Dean,” he said, his mouth forming into that smile that wasn’t a smile, because he didn’t know what to say to me or how to deal with me.
“And then you…” I paused, swallowing.  “You were taking care of Sammy?  For me?”
He was sitting up now, and caught it with a grunt.  “Dean, is this really…  I mean, you’re not actually bothered that Cass has feelings for you, right?”
Then Cass was gone, and I found myself shifting back to my usual form of 30-something Dean, with Sam towering over me.
I really was going to learn how to sign one day.
I leapt to catch it, only to have Claire hold out her hand as it landed effortlessly into her palm.  She tossed her head back in an easy, free laugh.
How long were we going to play this game?
I started to feel awkward like I always did after such an overt display, so I patted his back and finally pulled away.
Rowena chuckled at that, and suddenly she was pinning me down with her sharp gaze.  “Dean Winchester, it seems the rumors that you’ve been acting a right twat might be true.”
“That is not a real number.”
I could feel myself grinning, but I hid it behind my coffee and kept my mouth shut.
“Family is complicated,” Cass mused.
“So why are angels and demons working together…?” I asked as Cass arranged the bodies in a row next to the hospital’s looming wall.
at me, Sam with those damn puppy dog eyes and Jack and Cass with their creepy yet somehow very effective stares.
“Dean, you know why I left it in your car.”
“…are we still fighting?”
“So that’s why you didn’t answer me all those times,” I grumbled shittily.
“Gee, thanks, man.”
I caught him giving me that soft look of his again, his own mouth curving in a smile.
“Okay,” I agreed.
“There’s nothing to thank me for, Dean.”
“Tickle.  His.  Nose.”
I followed him, feeling my eyebrows draw together.  He hadn’t made a comment about the pointlessness of my hobbies, the terribleness of my music, or the ridiculous longness of my hair.  “What’s up?” I asked, pulling out a chair and taking a seat at the table.
“Hey, Cass, you wanna go for a drive-”
Goddamn, I was a pussy.  This was ridiculous.  I just had to get it out of my system, and then it would be done.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“Yep, definitely do not want to know what you nerds were talking about.”
“It’s a known side effect of the Rite of Blood,” Cass explained.  “We should just let them sleep it off.”
I woke up with a start, breathing in through my nose sharply.  My head rested against something hard and unyielding, but somehow familiar and warm.
“Then play the rematch like a man!”
“But-”
“Am I?” he asked, confused.
“And this is something you will find enjoyable?” Cass asked, doing his head tilt thing.
I struggled for the words and finally gave up.  “You can drop by whenever you like.  You don’t even have to knock.”
I could not stop laughing.
suddenly filled the ‘car’.
At some point, he shifted slightly, looking up at me.
“Later, Cass,” I said, waving to him even as he vanished with a
I felt my thumb sliding unconsciously along his skin.
That wasn’t…
There were two squirrels chasing one another up and down a tree, chattering away.  A small fox kit was scampering along the underbrush.
Sam followed after him, laughing.
Cass didn’t always come immediately when I called.  Sometimes he would appear hours later, looking disheveled.
“Oooohhh, looks like you’re not the only one with special privileges,” Claire said with a snort, then flinched.  “Goddamn, did we drink an entire liquor store last night?”
“Slow it down there, killer,” she said, patting my back until there was no longer pie stuck in my windpipe.  “So…?”
I shook my head at him.
I of course hadn’t realized that the tape he had selected was
He just grinned.
“Dean, did you just make a
I let my tongue dart out to moisten them.
“Then take your damn coat off and stay awhile,” I said, finally sitting up.
“What do you mean ‘wait here’?”
“Yes, we’re talking about you, who else would we be talking about?” I grumbled, feeling annoyed for some reason.
“We grieved you.”
Sam smacked me in the arm.  “I needed you to meet Dean.  I needed to see Jack again.  I needed us all to be together one last time.”
“The future still hasn’t invented a cure for hangovers?” I asked, making sure to scrape my chair along the floor as I took a seat.
“No!” I said a little too quickly, my hand fumbling around to pull the needle off of the record.
“Oh, this song reminds me of you, too,” he said enthusiastically, turning the volume up.
“Wait, Junior can speak Enochian?!”
I held his hand more tightly.  “It felt good.  To tell you.”
There was another rapid succession of explosions.
“Yes, the large green man in a leaf toga who makes canned corn,” he said, nodding his head thoughtfully.
“I don’t know how,” I said, shaking my head.  “I’m not…” I trailed off, feeling more and more relaxed the more Cass’s fingers worked into my neck.
He gave me a soft smile.  “I should go.”
Cass was laughing now, too, short, happy bursts of sound.
“Any ETA on that?”
I let go of him abruptly, sitting up straight again.  “So you healing now or what?”
“I was being held together with friggin’ super glue from battle to battle, until I finally came undone,” I said with a shrug.  “You of all people should know.  You touched my soul when you pulled me outta hell.  You saw what was left of it.  You knew…”
“I didn’t mind it,” I said, which was all I was going to say on the matter.
The light seemed to go out of Cass’s eyes, and he reached his hand out, resting it heavily on my shoulder.  “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there,” he said quietly.  “I reached out to you when I could, and I thought you felt me, but…”
“No, really, Dean,” he said, frowning.  “I can stay.”
“Technically, it’s lunch time,” Junior said, but he was smiling, too.  “Man, we haven’t done this in so long.  Uncle Dean’s Breakfast of Champions.”
“Don’t remind me,” Sam groaned, and I could feel his eye roll even though I was behind him.
I just shook my head, unable to look away from the car crash playing out through the glass pane of the door.
It made me a little sad that my brother still couldn’t find his peace, but I had the feeling maybe he was about to take a baby step.
“A work in progress?” I asked.  “Can we listen to what you have?”
Mellie came over to us and the windows all rolled down.
,” I complained, wrinkling my nose.
“Too damn long!” he snapped, and things escalated very quickly from there.
“We summon Rowena, she does the Rite of Blood, and that starts preparing your bodies for the final ritual,” Mellie explained as she wrote a sigil on the door in her blood.
“…Cass…?” I said, my voice coming out smaller than I wanted it to.
We were both quiet.
“Yes.”
“Hurry up and finish your work,” I told him, giving him my most winsome smile.
“Yes, Dean,” he answered, completely seriously.  “We have to talk about our feelings.”
Cass sat down gingerly, like he thought the couch might explode.
“What’s on your mind, Dean?”
“Okay, well, please do not put songs that make me think of you dying on my mixtapes.”
I closed the door behind me, feeling a smile tug at my lips as I started towards home.
“The stones that roll?” he asked.
“Well?” I said.
“Finally,” Claire agreed, walking past me and then pretending to drop the orb.
“Dean?”
“You’re… here.”
“Clearly,” he said, and then he started slowly humming that damn song again.
“I don’t need the world,” he said, his smile going rueful.
Sam came by to check on me, bringing a random loaf of bread because apparently he and Eileen were into baking now, and we listened to Styx while trying to determine what the best spread on bread was (Sam voted apricot jam, I voted jerky).
“Dean, dear, we’re doing a Rite of Blood, not a bloodletting,” she explained.  “Unless that’s what you’re into?”
“But I am… the passenger,” he said, baffled.
“A little more prayerfully might prove to be more effectual,” Cass suggested.
“Oh, I very much want that.”
“So you thought you would include it on a tape that you listen to together?”
I went into the living room, probably smiling like a dope, and set my little care package on the coffee table.  I decided I was in an Aerosmith mood, and quickly dug through my records, looking for
“Yes, Air Supply,” I grumbled at him from where I was flopped on the couch, listening to records.
“Yeah?” I asked, letting my gaze flick to him.
“Hi, Cass,” Sam said, giving him a warm smile.
I sighed and took it, standing back on my feet.
Junior and Claire were suddenly on alert, giving each other slightly concerned looks.
“Some of us are actually good at hunting,” she said with a smirk and a twinkle in her eyes.
He froze, completely perplexed.
Sam and I exchanged baffled looks.  I had to admit, though, that I liked looking down on my shrimpy brother.
“I’m good, Cass,” I said, and I was pretty sure that I was.  Probably.  No idea what the fuck was going on, but I felt good.  Lighter.
“Ancient?” I repeated.
“Me, too.”
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“That sounds like a pain in the ass.”
“Yeah, yeah,” I said.  “One soulful mixtape coming up.”
“Did you think I would forget about the tofu burger?” I asked, suddenly very serious again.
“I’m sorry,” Cass said softly.
“I wish you would not hide, either.”
That got him to half-smile.
“It’s better for the environment,” he explained.  “And for your health.”
“All I am saying is that you stopped having a strong interest in such superficial acts, so I do not know why I should have to be interested in them.”
He swallowed again.  “Dean, I thought we made things clear.”
“So you think another twenty minutes or so?”
“Move over, chuckles, I’m driving,” I growled, stomping over to them.
“Fine, okay, but you never want to bone someone
“Okay,” I said, waiting.
“Why don’t we practice together to get ready for next time?” I suggested, thumbing over the rough stubble on his cheek.
At that, Cass threw his arms around me, holding me tight.
“You suck just as bad,” Eileen said, also laughing hysterically.
is a damn good song,” he added under his breath.
“Would you pick something already?” he grumbled at me.
“Yeah, you can,” I said, swallowing something down.  “Rest all you like, Cass.”
“You are in heaven,” he said to me.  “You are supposed to be experiencing the ultimate form of contentment.”
“Where are you…”
“Of course,” he said, his brows scrunching in confusion.  “You are Dean.  He is not you.”
“I am being serious, you don’t have to go out of your way-”
“Yeah,” I said.
“Okay, so you wait here,” he said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out some weird-looking glowy orb.
I just about spontaneously combusted.
“Yep,” I said, pointedly looking away.
“No, no we weren’t,” I interrupted him.  “Please stop phrasing things in ways that make me sound crazy, thanks.”
“Dammit, Cass.”
I caressed the comforter gently, rolling the texture between my fingers.
“One handed car dance party?” he asked, raising one hand over his head and wiggling awkwardly.
Those warm eyes flicked to me.  “How are you, Dean?  It’s been a while.”
“I am no such thing,” Cass said, frowning hard.
“Yeah.”
take offense, Cass.”
“Cass and me…” he started to say, then immediately stopped, turning his back on me to look out the kitchen window over the sink.
I looked at her harder.
“I don’t want you to be turbulent anymore,” he said gently.  “Is it better if I… go?”
“Yeah,” he said.  “Started hunting smarter.  Hunting less.  Making time for a life.”
“Opposites attract?” Cass suggested.
“Yeah, so you don’t have to keep telling everyone I know that I’m falling apart.”
“How are you two so perky?” Claire grumbled.
Apparently the next step in the ritual to bind the Angel Whatever-His-Name-Was involved another spell performed simultaneously on the north and south sides of the hospital where Sam and I were born.
I snorted at that.  “Yeah, sure you did.”
“Okay, fine,” he said, holding his hands up in an awkward gesture of surrender.  “I will allow you to run away as you always do.”
“Impala or I walk.”
You can listen to the referenced songs on
We both counted down, and then I started lighting the candles and Cass started chanting.  The wind picked up, but somehow the flames stayed lit, growing stronger and taller.  Everything seemed to be going according to plan.
“Uh, that’s not true,” I said, looking at him incredulously.  “I am extremely cool, I have excellent taste, and you like
“That’s a bit of a non-sequitur.”
“And I’m not… interested… so, you’re just gonna be celibate…?”
I felt like I was reaching for something that I couldn’t quite grasp.
“Because I know you,” she said, looking at me fondly.
That was a lot.  I let out a shaky breath.  Why did he fluster me so much, why did he make it impossible to say it clearly?
“Even Meg?!” I spat out incredulously.
Sam snorted, letting go of Cass’s legs and standing up beside me.
“Yes, we are all very on board for a Winchester Family Bonding Trip,” I said, shooting Sam a glare through the mirror.
Ben off at college, all those years without a father…
His eyes were on the road, a soft expression on his face.
We didn’t talk about
“Oh, yeah, sure,
“Dean,” he said, in that way of his that somehow imbued deep yet unfathomable meaning into a single syllable as he stared right inside of me like I was made of glass.
“Have some popcorn,” I suggested, taking the bowl off the side table and passing it to him.
tape.”
I was drooling on Cass’s trenchcoat.
“Yeah, why is the guy who’s immune to alcohol drinking all our beers?” Dean teased, finally coming over to greet Cass now that Dad wasn’t here.
“Is this really enough for you?” I asked softly.
“I value it, too?”
“I’m here, Dean,” he said, softly and sadly.
“What is that supposed to mean?” I asked irritably.  “…and also, ‘Jimmy’?”
I opened my mouth to speak again, but he was already pulling away.
“When Jack was a baby…”
Cass beamed at me while Dean glared.
“It’s a fucking old car, Grandpa,” Claire taunted me.  “They break down.”
“1987 called, it wants its courting rituals back.”
But really, it was just me playing games.
“How’d it go, boys?” Claire asked us cheerfully as we entered the bunker.
“No one has ever wanted to make me happy before.”
I grinned at that, taking a hand off the wheel to squeeze his shoulder.  “I didn’t mean to keep you waiting.”
You can listen to the referenced songs on
They were definitely talking about me.
“We must play another round,” he said, pushing up his sleeves.
Cass started humming softly.
They were both leaning against the hood as I approached, their backs to me and their voices low.  So naturally I snuck in silently to eavesdrop.
“Have another shot, Cass,” I said, pushing it over to him.
“Is this not a good time?”
“Yes, it’s hard to put my finger on it, but… it makes me think of you.”
Cass trailed behind.
The coffee maker buzzed, and Cass shuffled over to it.  “Sam, would you like some coffee?”
“Dean,” he growled at me, and I didn’t know if he was annoyed at me for pointing out his mistake, his inability to understand his mistake, his understanding that I was trying to distract him so we didn’t have to talk about
I couldn’t quite place the tune, my mind drifting back into darkness.
His nose scrunched up at that.
“Let me try and not drown in the flood.”
My breath caught in my throat.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
Her smile brightened.
“You sound like Sam,” I groaned.
I was quiet, but I couldn’t guarantee that I was listening.  “What is the point of sampling?” I grumbled.  “Come up with your own music.”
Dean shook his head and crooked his finger at him.
“Dean?” he asked, sounding gravelly and half-asleep.  “Are you awake?”
“My true form-”
“I am considered a bit of a bad boy at work,” he agreed.
I pulled my hand back slowly, almost like I didn’t want to.  “I mean it,” I said more sincerely.  “Everything that’s mine is yours, okay?”
“Cass.”
I reached out, taking his hand in mine.
“I’d like to meet him,” Dad said, sounding frustrated.
He inhaled sharply, then curled his body more tightly around mine.
“Be safe,” I said, looking him in the eye.
“Oh, Sammy, oh Sammy, Sammy, Sammy,” I said.
“That is very kind of you,” he said, still not meeting my gaze as he shuffled through the tapes.  He was sorting them by genre and putting them into separate boxes.
He seemed to accept his fate for the time being, going quiet.
“So you two have gotten close?”
.  “Come here.”
, and yet he and I haven’t even officially met.”
“I have done some rather bad things.”
‘Dude, I forgot how boring this is.’
“The pheromone smell,” Cass said, nodding his head.  “Very distinct.”
“I didn’t really go to the bathroom.”
I was going to go
“I’m right here.”
“Yes, I… well, no, you are not doing a very good job of it, but-”
I wanted to crawl inside of him and share a skin.  And I was so drunk, that didn’t sound creepy or weird to me at all.
“I do not need-” and then I got hit in the head with a shuttlecock.
and both done this very awkward ‘crying but not crying’ thing with tears streaming down our faces.  By the time we got to
“…are you calling me a dog…?”
Sam groaned, slumping back against his seat, while Junior looked over his shoulder to give me a huge grin.  “I’ve got the perfect playlist.”
“Dean does like antiquated movies,” Cass agreed, nodding his head.  “He especially enjoys watching them obsessively in order to be able to recite the dialogue at times when his conversational skills lack.”
“Look at our little Cassie, all grown up,” I cooed, reaching over and patting him on the shoulder.
“Of course,” he repeated.  “They’re family.”
It was almost noon.
I felt my fingers gripping into his shoulder a little tighter.
“Okay,” I said, squinting at him.  Like I was
“Do you not want me to kiss you?” I asked, giving him my best bedroom stare.
I thought about Lisa, opening the door.
It was relaxing.
“He kept me alive, Dean.”
“I could stand if you’d like,” Cass said from the floor, with Sam sleeping on his lap which was simultaneously the weirdest and yet most adorable thing I’d seen in a long time.
“Cass, you’re killing me here.”
I closed my eyes for a moment, taking a breath.  When I opened them again, I was ready.  “I feel the same way, Cass.  I love you, too.”
“Perfection,” he approved.
I felt like maybe I was finally getting into this whole heaven thing.  Pie and the people I loved.
“It’s true, I always respond to his prayers,” he agreed.  “When he actually prays them...”
“Sorry, rules are rules, and Dad already called shotgun,” Dean said with a shrug.
“What am I doing?!”
“I didn’t mean to-”
“I like when you’re a happy, non-grumpy-ass angel,” I said, looking him in the eye.
back to heaven,” he agreed.
I was suddenly wrapped in a very tight hug.
“You never request
“My first choice was Beethoven, but I thought you might think I was referencing the German composer,” he explained.
“There’s a secret?” he asked, intrigued.
“Dude,” he said irritably.  “You had to be there.  It was incredible.”
“Yeah, we’re gonna go,” Sam said, putting an arm around her shoulder and guiding her towards the door.
“Metaphorical balls.”
“Cass, I’m really starting to question your taste level,” I commented from the passenger seat, holding up
“Are you okay, Dean?” he asked, worried.  “Do you need some water?”
“You don’t like songs that make you think of me?”
“Jesus Christ.”
“Fine?” he asked incredulously.
“Okay, I think we’ve all had enough of game night,” Sam declared, standing up abruptly and then almost tripping.
“Thank you, Dean,” he said, looking pleased.
“What’s wrong with Motörhead?”
He stared back, still smiling.
His expression took on a more thoughtful countenance.  “Well, to be happy is to be ‘characterized by well-being and contentment’,” he said, like he was reading from the dictionary.  “Heaven is still a work in progress, but it has been greatly transformed by Jack, and I am able to be a part of that.  I derive great satisfaction from my work.”
Cass left his hand on my arm, and after a while he reclaimed his Beyoncé tape and put in some Metallica.
faded out, I reached over to the cassette player and hit ‘eject’, ready for something different.  I eased Baby into the shoulder out of habit, and started rifling through my cassette collection.  Something out of place caught my eye, and I pulled the tape out, squinting at it.
“Mr. Dean Winchester?”
It was kind of freeing.
“Hm?” Cass murmured, coming to.
“Maybe another day, then,” he said, moving like he was going to pull away.
“Of the two of us, you demonstrate more dog-like traits than I do.”
“Something about… the ritual where they extract our blood to bind Temeluchus to the earth…?” he trailed off.
“It was merely an observation.”
He sighed, world-weary, as his eyes met mine.  “Dean, I think we’ve both said all there is to say.  I can’t undo your childhood, son.  We don’t get a do-over.”
“Dean?”
Cass took the seat, looking perplexed but pleased.  “She thinks it’s a good thing?  Because Dean tells me that the way I look at him is creepy and that I should stop, but then his adrenaline releases and his dilated blood vessels rush blood to his face, so then I’m not quite so sure that he means what he says.”
Maybe… Hester had been wrong.  I’d carried her words inside of me for so long, but looking at this Cass, my Cass, he was incredible.  This was the guy who was in charge of all of heaven.  The good soldier turned rebel, who’d saved the world more times than I could count.
“You might want to shower before you see your lady friend,” Cass suggested.
“Thirty-eight,” Cass said.
“Of course, then he would plug his phone in and make us listen to old crap like Deathcab For Cutie…” Junior continued.
“He’ll be with us before you know it,” I said with a shrug.
“The last two standing,” he said, smiling at me.
I threw the door open, squinting at the man standing there, some angel I’d never seen before.  “Who’s asking?”
Junior’s eyes widened, then he grinned.  “You called me by my name.”
“I’m sorry, who are you calling ‘Grandpa’?” I asked, giving her an incredulous look.
I didn’t even know what I was looking for from him, but the ache in my chest just wouldn’t go away.
“No,” Cass repeated more forcefully, one hand bunching up in my shirt as he yanked me forward.  “Stop talking about yourself like that.  You… stop.  You don’t get to turn yourself off and say all these fucked up things to me.”
“I was able to delegate some of my tasks to my underlings.”
“Okay, well, thanks for breakfast, but my wife should be getting home soon and I’d like to be there when she arrives,” I said, pushing my empty plate aside.
trip?” Cass asked, his brow creasing in confusion as he looked to Sam next to him.
“Hobby?”
“You know.”
“So there’s not anything we can really do but wait for him to find himself worthy,” he concluded.  “’Cause no matter how much we tell him that he is, he’s not going to take our word for it.”
“Call me a dinosaur again, Claire.”
“For what possible reason would my mother be annoyed with
“Forget I said anything.”
“Okay,” I said, going with it.
.”  I pressed my lips to the top of his head like I’d done with Jack.
I had to pull the car over.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“I needed you!” I yelled, turning my head away from him.  I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.
“I’m sorry, what?”
“You made them mixtapes?”
I got up and snuck over to the fridge, pulling out some whipped cream.  Sam had his right arm sprawled out at his side, his hand palm up in such an inviting and welcoming gesture.
bass line filling the Impala.
“Do you still think that I’m angry with you because I’m uncomfortable about your feelings?” I asked.
“And yet…”
“Cass,” I complained, reaching behind me and fumbling around until I finally found his arm.  He must have been on the very edge of the mattress.  I pulled his arm over me, hugging it to my chest, and promptly passed out.
“Cass,” I repeated.
“Cass, we talked about this,” I said, trying to sound irritated.  My hand absently moved to support him, cupping his jaw.  “No watching over me without me knowing.”
“Always a great sign when the explosions stop,” I agreed, looking up towards the roof of the hospital as flashing lights caught my eye.  “Something is definitely happening now.”
I recoiled.
Cass came around from the other side and leaned next to me, trying to see what I was seeing.  “Your insides are so… quiet here.”
,” I said, serving the birdie over the net.
“I… don’t know,” he said, squinting.  “I feel pity for all human beings, especially those cast out by society.  But I wish to smite all pedophiles, and I think Aqualung might be a pedophile.”
“Dean, this is definitely your song,” he informed me, and proceeded to sing
“I was,” he said solemnly.  “Dad promised it would be hilarious.”
“Temeluchus felt the cage closing in on him and used his last strength to blast me off the roof,” he explained, unable to support himself and collapsing back into me.
“What did you do, Dean?” Cass asked with exaggeratedly wide eyes, finally playing along.
“Dean,” he said, his tone worried as he stretched out the syllables.
“It felt good to be told.  And you seem much more peaceful in my presence now, unlike the turbulent storm that you were before.”
Ozzy Osbourne’s voice cut out, and suddenly the night was quiet.  It was only a moment, and then Joni Mitchell’s acoustic guitar kicked in.
“I don’t mind,” I said, pushing the tape into the cassette deck.  “You’re family, Cass.”  I was glad he didn’t ask to listen to my mom’s tape, though.  Mom and I had gotten thirty seconds into
Junior took a phone call during the drive, his voice lowering for privacy as he promised to be home soon.
Cass smiled, looking over the tracklist.  “Oh, it’s your theme song.”
I didn’t know what kind of look I was giving him, but he went all tongue-tied again.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“I’m not just what, Dean?”
He shrugged, unable to stop giving me that grin.
Mom and I were going up the porch steps to Dean’s when the door suddenly flew open.
“Like what?” he asked.
“What is this, Mock Dean Day?” I grumbled.
“The issue, Dean,” Cass said, still standing over me and looking like he was about to launch into some kind of fatherly lecture, “is that you finally found peace in heaven.”
I felt my jaw clench.  “That’s all you have to say?”
Cass was quiet for a moment.  “More what?”
“Dean Junior, you and I haven’t known each other long.”
“You suck at this,” Sam said, laughing hysterically at me as I hit the edge of the board and got buzzed.
“You make it sound so easy,” I said, shaking my head.
I grinned at him, waving the can of whipped cream.
“I have never in my life danced on a bar,” I stated firmly.
“Yeah, whatever,” I said with a shrug.  “It’s fine.”
Eileen snuck out the funny bone with nary a buzz, dropping it in front of her with the rest of her plastic body parts.
“Oh, okay,” he said, and I suddenly found myself slammed into the wall, being kissed to within an inch of my life.
“Night.”
But by tomorrow, I would be sober.
“So you really don’t remember ordering room service?” Junior asked, giving us an amused look.
“Molecules,” Cass agreed.
I stared at him blankly for a moment, trying to reorient myself.  “Huh?  Yes.  Very okay.”
His head cocked to the side, surprised by the touch.
Cass’s eyes were hyper-focused on one of the squirrels, darting around rapidly as they followed its movements.  “Did you know that a squirrel’s front teeth never stop growing?” he asked.
“It means you two were funny as shit last night,” Junior explained, and yet it explained nothing at all.
“Just tell me where to stand,” I said, not really thinking too much about all the blood and the letting of it in preparation to remove mine.
Sam jumped from his chair with a shriek.
“Actually,” I said.
Apparently my reputation preceded me.  “Hey yourself,” I responded, swaggering over to him.
“Yes, exactly.”
“Um, we can always listen to Led Zeppelin,” I said.  “Whaddya wanna hear?”
“Did we always take this long to wrap things up?”
“I know,” I answered quietly.
Cass sighed very loudly.
“I don’t know, Cass, I don’t think Andy Williams reggae is for me.”
“I can… choose?” he asked, sounding genuinely confused.
“Okay,” I said, because when he looked at me like that I had to believe him, as improbable as it seemed.  “Cass, I…”
“Eileen’s drunk as shit, and it’s working for her,” I pointed out, passing one of the glasses to him.  “Come on, man, don’t make me drink alone.”
I swallowed.
“Oh?”
“It is certainly not good, Dean.”
“…Claire…?” I asked incredulously.
“Ten seconds,” I said, and Cass straightened up, ready to start.
I usually stopped by Dean’s in the morning after my run.
“That remains to be seen,” Sam mumbled.
Then the twangy guitar of Fleetwood Mac suddenly filled the speakers.
“No.”
When the tape finished, I ejected it, then nodded my head to the cassettes again.  “What’s next?”
Cass looked stricken.
“I’m sorry, what?” Sam said again, as I nodded my agreement with him.
I heaved out a sigh, angling my body towards him.
“Anywhere’s fine,” Mellie said, smiling at me cheerfully as she wiped her hands clean on a motel towel.
“I am into whatever you are into, Rowena,” I said, upping the charm.
“Like Cass would have eaten it,” Sam said with a shrug.
I raised my eyebrows at him.
I flipped the page and continued reading.
“Oh… that makes more sense, as Sam and I already know one another intimately,” he said, nodding.
My eyes widened in fear, but somehow wizened old Claire caught the very breakable orb effortlessly.
“Rude,” he replied, but there was no bite to it.  “Oh, I have a new mixtape for you,” he said, pulling it out of his pocket and handing it to me.
“Wait, to God?” Junior asked, leaning forward and looking interested.
“I do not see how that makes you sound crazy.”
“Less than a day,” I said.  “And in that day, I haven’t asked for much, have I?”
“Might I suggest an evening of booze and bonding?” he asked, sounding oddly upbeat for someone covered in blood.
“Yeah, sure,” I said with a shrug.  “Ya know, for a dead guy.”
“You’re fine just the way you are, Cass, okay?” I said.  “Yes, you’re an awkward creep, but you’re my awkward creep, and I wouldn’t change you for anything.”
“The Impala,” he said with a shrug.  “Sometimes Sam and Eileen’s.  Earth bars with some of my siblings.”
“They need our blood-” Sam continued.
“I love you, too,” he replied easily, pressing his cheek to the top of my head.
Junior held up his phone, showing us both an image of what looked horrifyingly like me and Sammy, shaking our asses on a bar.
“I claim no ownership of that weirdo.”
“I think the folk movement of the 2000s is very reminiscent of classic rock,” he informed me.  It was so funny to listen to him talk about music now, like he was some historian doing scholarly research.  He always came up with a few good tracks that I’d never heard of, though.  “
“I didn’t like it,” I said abruptly.
when Cass’s voice faded out and he tilted his head, eyes squinted in concentration.
“Okay.”
“I see that now,” I sighed.  “So you were just spying on me all the time and reporting back to Sam?”
“And that’s enough?” I asked.
“This is supposed to be about you and Lisa,” he said, shaking his head.
He just smiled at me, like he wasn’t a gigantic creep.
I slid into the front seat and Cass took the passenger seat, and then we were on the road.
I looked at him.
“Everyone knows who the freakin’ Jolly Green Giant is!” I cried, exasperated.
I listened to the tape from start to finish.  There were some random moments of Cass mumbling to himself, trying to figure out what he was doing.  There was also a very loud crash in the middle of Patti Smith, followed by some cursing that had me laughing so hard I had tears pricking at the corners of my eyes.
Dean took it, taking a long swig before giving it back.  “Thought you were off doing angel stuff.”
My head whipped back around to gawk at the annoyed-looking angel in front of me.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“Is this Shit on Dean Day?” I asked no one in particular.
And for some reason the mood lightened.
“Okay.”
“Yes, because I didn’t have to think about it,” he explained, frustrated.  “I couldn’t have what I wanted, so I didn’t have to think about your mouth and your eyes and your freckles and your sexy noises!”
“John Winchester,” Cass said, his tone clipped and abrupt.
I let out a breath I hadn’t known I’d been holding.
“Dean.”
I tried to keep up, and then just gave in, my hands dropping from his face to go around his back and hold on tight.
“Sam told me to stop by any time,” he said.  “Then he told me to knock first.”
“Oh?” I said, pulling out a paperback.
“Dean, is lying on the ground some kind of meaningful ritual that I do not understand?”
Sam sighed.  “It’s weird for me, too, you know.  To be back here.”
“I don’t like songs that make me think of you
“Do you really just call Junior ‘Other Dean’?” I asked, giving Cass a weird look.
Everyone looked between Sam and me.
“I’m sure you’re wondering why we’ve brought you here,” Cass began to say.
music.  But I like to understand it, too, and I do not understand what I am supposed to think of this Aqualung character.  Am I supposed to feel sympathy or disgust for him?”
“I do.”
“A grumpy-ass angel?”
I rested my face in his neck, catching my breath.  “I love you so much, you weird fucking man.”
“Too late for that,” he said cheerfully.  “Unless you think I should confess my love to Sam next?”
“I’m okay,” I said, meeting his gaze.
“Okay, but when are you and Castiel gonna bone?” Charlie asked with a mouth full of cherry pie.
“Hm?” he said, looking away from the window to face me.  “Oh, I just wanted to see you.  I hope that’s okay.”
“He is definitely a clown,” she told him.
“I will not shut up!” he yelled.  “How many times do I have to say it?  How many times do I have to tell you?  Your soul is not tainted!” he roared at me, his touch becoming hotter, burning through me, seeing through me, exposing my very essence to him.  “You are not a perfect man.  In fact, sometimes you are damn near insufferable.  But you are a righteous man.”
He stopped, still looking at the wall.
“Tickle his nose,” I whispered.
“Just making an observation,” I said, gesturing around us.
“Kinda figured that,” I said, avoiding his gaze.
“Can we finish our talk?”
“I know,” he said softly.  “It was just… a very long time before you called.”
“I mean you exchange romantic mixtapes and he goes around to all your friends forcing them to bring you pies because he’s too busy with work to babysit you himself…”
“Wait, so Lisa… and Ben… they can, they can just remember it all now?” I asked incredulously.  “All the shit I put them through?  They come to heaven, where they’re supposed to find eternal peace, and they can just remember…?”
“Shit,” Sam agreed.  “So-”
“Jethro Tull?” he asked, straightening up and pulling out my box of tapes.
Cass had gotten better at hugging.
Sam and Junior started grinning with Claire, and I knew that they were mocking me somehow, I just wasn’t quite sure how.
“Is it?” he asked, turning to look back at the stove.  “Oh, so it seems.”
“I look forward to it.”
“I don’t know!” I said, our eyes locking again.  “I don’t know what I’m doing.”
I gasped, eyelids fluttering.
“It will not matter how much we practice if she is cheating,” he said with a frown.
“But-”
“You could, Dean, you always could!”
“No one said we were getting ‘shit-faced’,” Cass said, rolling his eyes at me.  “We all have an extremely high tolerance for alcohol.”
,’ I found myself answering.
“No, no, the whole phrase!”
“I’m still adjusting,” he said, rolling his shoulders and then trying to stand again.
“You’re my person,” I mumbled into his hair.  “You’re my person, Cass, you’re
“Seems like the logical conclusion,” she said with a shrug.  “Time to take it down to Bonetown.”
I fell on my face.
“Dean, I’m truly sorry-”
“And you loved every second of it.”
“I’m sorry, what?” Sam asked, looking between them nervously.
“So,” I agreed.
“Here,” he grumbled at me, pushing one of the mugs across the table.
“…you don’t mind that you just got Han Solo’d?” I asked, trying to make things light again.
“Dean, are we still not talking about it?” Cass asked, and he sounded weary.
I focused on the road.
“Same old, same old,” I said.  “Hey, I’ve got something for you in the glove box,” I continued, already reaching over and pulling it open.  My fingers settled around the tape, and I passed it to Cass.
“Oh, I will be sure to give you all the details later,” Cass said, pleased with his attempt at being sardonic.
Losing me again…
“Leaning on my shoulder?” I asked.
Fortunately, Cass gave up after about twenty minutes of endless hippo smashing, closing his eyes and looking tired as he leaned back in his chair.
“Look, I’m sorry, okay?” I offered.  “I was an asshole.  I assumed that you were avoiding me, when clearly you were doing the opposite.  And I can’t put into words how much I appreciate what you’ve done for Sammy and Junior.  So what is the issue?”
The tension seemed to drain, and I could feel Cass smiling again.  Then he shocked the hell out of me and started to sing along with me.
Sam just gave me one of his Sam Looks, and I rolled my eyes.
I was not about to tell him how I felt again, but the contact seemed to convey it well enough.
‘Dean Winchester wuz here 2077!’ it declared proudly.  On the back it said, ‘don’t mess with a man’s burgers!’
“No reason,” I said, making a big deal of picking up the spilled popcorn from the floor.
“You suck at this,” he said with a laugh.
“Simpletons,” I said, shaking my head.  “I have been gone too long.  But don’t worry.  You will remember.”
“...there was more...?”
“Oh, that sounds like us,” I said, relieved that we had just behaved like children and not actually done anything detrimentally stupid.
“Okay…” he said uncertainly.  “Call me if you need anything?”
So I started singing.
“Yes.”
“Thanks,” I said, catching it and fishing through the pocket for the tape I’d made for Cass.  “The Stones,” I said, handing it to him.
I sat on the floor, pulling my knees up, and I closed my eyes as the story slowly enfolded from the day we met.
I just stared at him knowingly.
“It’s… not…” I tried to protest, but of course he was right.
Speaking of which, “Cass, fuck,” I hissed out as he thoroughly swirled his tongue around the outer shell of my ear.
“I am into it,” he protested.  “Just because I enjoy things in a different way from you…”
“Come on, Dean, you know you want some,” Sam taunted me as he hulked over me.
I could also feel the warmth radiating off of his body where our arms and legs touched.
“You must be Castiel.”
“Did I sell the world?”
“You’re warm,” I said, rolling over and turning my back to him.  I left the other side of the bed open.
“Castiel sent me,” he explained, holding up the bag.  “He said that this is a hamburger of bacon and cheese from your favored earth shop, and this is coffee, black, from a… ‘grungy diner’.”  He handed them both to me.
Cass looked pleased as he slid down off the hood and headed back into the car.
“The body will become incapable of housing a soul, but your soul is what is holding the body together, so when the soul is released, the body will return to the earth,” Cass explained.
“Don’t stop,” I murmured sleepily.
“I think we might have actually taken longer…”
“Now, honey, you do not speak to Castiel that way,” Missouri said, shaking her head at me.
I forgot how much he was pissing me off for a moment and slung my arm around his shoulder, leaning in close to his ear.  “So who the hell is this chick again?”
“No, a mixed tape is definitely the sacred sharing of your soul,” he said with a shake of his head.
“I know.”
“If only,” Junior agreed.
“That is a complicated question, Dean.”
“You know exactly what we are talking about Dean, and pretending that you do not belittles my feelings.”
“Yeah, I will,” I agreed.
“You were… happy then?”
“Dad did mention that, yeah.”
“Dude, come on,” I said.  “You don’t ever get the urge…?”
“Dean,” he whimpered into my mouth.  “Dean… Dean… Dean…” he chanted like a desperate prayer.
She looked happy when she said it.  Like things had worked out okay in the end.  Like I hadn’t actually ruined her life.  Or Ben’s.
“And how the Michael sword and the Lucifer sword are the only way to seal him…?” Sam asked.
I started cleaning up the living room, occasionally taking another hit from the whipped cream.
“I love you, too,” I promised him, and then I couldn’t say anything else, because his mouth was back on mine, all-consuming.
“Mm?”
“Dean,” he said, hugging me so tightly.  “Thank you, Dean.  Thank you.  I am who I am because of you.”
“Look, we’re fine,” I said, shrugging away the hand he reached out towards my shoulder.  “I was just… I don’t know.  We’re fine.  I’ll talk to you later.”  I was on the move again.
Cass blinked slowly.  It hadn’t gotten past him either, but he just smiled and took the victory quietly as he slid a plate in front of me and then Dean.
I didn’t know what that meant.
“I think you are the one who has made it awkward this time.”
“I owe you the world, Cass,” I whispered.
“Oh, god, not pie for breakfast,” Claire groaned, but she was smiling.
I sighed, rubbing my temple harder.  I’d had enough ‘feelings’ for the next hundred years, yet here I was, stuck having to touchy-feely it up or lose Cass.  “You said you loved me, yeah?”
“I just mean that your reaction will be more authentic.”
“Fucking fantastic,” I said, downing the rest of my beer.
“We should get in position,” Junior agreed.
Today we were listening to Metallica.
His words hit me like a punch in the face.
“You didn’t pray to me.”
“Did you…?” Sam groaned, starting to come fully awake.
“Hey, come on, this is happy news,” she said, her smile bright and easy and pure Charlie.  “Right?”
“You invited me,” he pointed out, sounding a little sour.
Cass’s hand chased after me, resting on my knee.  “I’ll tell you however many times you want me to.”
“It did not need to be done,” I said, feeling the anger starting the rise up again.  “We could have talked about it.  We could have figured something else out.”
Claire turned to me.  “Ya had enough, old man?”
Dean rolled his eyes, but there was a strange flicker of contriteness to his expression.
“Like
“Good.”
“I wanna drive,” I told him, moving to put the car back in gear.
“Driver picks the music,” Cass said.
“That wouldn’t make sense,” Cass said with a frown.  “One of you needs to be at the north.”
“You coming, Uncle Dean?” Junior asked, leaning out the window and giving me a shit-eating grin worthy of the Winchester name.
“Years,” Cass replied, a slight catch to his voice.
Cass looked up at me, settling his free hand at the back of my neck and gently running through the hair there, massaging.  “Dean, I’m not trying to pressure you into doing something that you do not want to.  You just seem unsettled, and I want you to… settle it.”
“I do not think that I would go out of my way to be an unknown person,” Cass started to muse.
Cass suddenly leaned back, staring up at the sky.  “The stars are beautiful here,” he observed.
"Dean, I am perfectly aware of the significant structural difference between salt and sugar,” Cass said, rolling his eyes.  “Only humans would think that they are even remotely similar.”
I blinked at the f-word coming out of Cass’s mouth.
Blue eyes slowly met mine.
Cass just looked happy.  “Dean is very good at the kissing,” he said, pleased.
“Uh…?”
There were tears pooling in his eyes.
“Yeah, no ambient light in heaven,” I said, laying back beside him.
“Miss you,” Sam said.
He scoffed at that, taking my cup hurriedly and turning his back on me while he poured.
“It’s me,” Sam said, holding his arms out to her.
“I didn’t know that you were into that,” he said with a shrug, then turned back to the TV.
“Oh, shit,” Sam said, looking down at his bedraggled appearance.
“You don’t have to hide, Cass,” I said.  “That’s my M.O.”
“My person,” I affirmed.
“Damn straight.”
, who are you trying to impress?”), he couldn’t seem to let go of his own human habit of sleeping (“it’s just nice to reset sometimes, Sammy”).
“Ha ha, so funny.”
“Dean Junior, I haven’t asked for much,” I repeated.  “As you may know, I died about fifty years ago, for about the… two hundredth and final time, after sacrificing my life to save the world so many goddamn times.”
“I don’t-” I tried to protest, but he was shaking his head at me.
“Dean, I have to go.”
We both moved at the same instant, Sam grabbing Cass’s legs, and me scooping up the can of whipped cream from the floor and spraying it all over his face.
“I told him,” Dean muttered, rolling his eyes.
“I’m right here,” I whispered back when I could finally take a breath.
“I do not have a ‘mommy’, Dean, so why would I be calling for her nonexistent self?”
“I want to have it now,” I insisted.
“For how long?”
I turned up the volume and kept driving.
Cass didn’t say anything for the rest of the song.
I immediately pulled back, shaking my head.  “No, it’s weird.”
“You only won due to interference,” I said, waving it off.
He backed up approximately one millimeter.
I scowled at her.
“Well, that part’s not so bad,” I said, letting my hand drop to my stomach.  “I could get into that part.”
“He’s angry that I satisfy him sexually,” Cass explained.
“Okay,” I said, ejecting Motörhead and putting in
an angel flew at him.
“Well, all was quiet while you were out,” Claire said, standing up and shifting the orb from hand to hand.  “There was one false alarm on a haunting in Maine, but Dash cleared that up.”
Then everything went quiet.
“Cass,” I said with a shrug.
“Um, I guess you’re a hugger,” I said, patting his back awkwardly for a moment before finally just giving in to hugging my only nephew.
“Well, then I guess you understand a little bit how I felt,” I said, shooting him an annoyed look.
He looked up at me with a soft but sad smile.  “Of course,” he said, taking off my boots and then pushing at my chest gently.
“Dean…” he said slowly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So are you here?” I asked, gesturing at him.
“This is so boring,” I commented to Sam after about five minutes of it.
“You mean like a song that has lyrics that make me think of you?”
“What about the lyrics?”
“Wait, what?” Charlie asked, doing a double take.
“Who’s upset?” I growled, speeding up.
“Yeah, of course we are,” I said, feeling my smile tinge with exasperation.
“The previews are very important.”
“Dammit, Dean,” he growled, letting go of my shirt and grabbing my shoulder.
“On the contrary, those he tortures become his most loyal followers.  Dean, I must continue chanting now.”
The car started to fill with a soft hum, the shadow of wings spreading out behind Cass as his skin glowed with a golden light.
(I definitely didn’t know.)
“Cass, do you remember game night?”
I tried to put that all together.  “So, where do you go to just… relax?  Reset?”
I thought of all those nights I stumbled into my bed, not quite drunk so I wouldn’t worry Sammy, hugging Miracle to my chest and mumbling stupid prayers into his fur, saying things like, “Cass, if you’re out there, please…?”
My mind tried to sort through everything that had happened.  It kept coming back to Lisa, leaning against her kitchen counter, looking at me sadly.
“Who sings it?” Cass persisted when I didn’t answer.
“You weren’t
Cass glanced nervously at me, like he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to make jokes anymore.
“You realize this is the first time you’ve directly acknowledged my feelings?” he pointed out.
“Yeah, I do,” I said, relieved to see her expression lighten at my words.  “He’ll figure it out.”
“Rest,” he repeated, pushing me until I was sitting on the mattress.  He bent over to unlace my boots.
“Then talk to me,” he said with a scowl.
“So what happens tomorrow?” Sam asked.  “Do these bodies just… fade away?”
There was so much pain in his eyes, and I’d put it there.  “No,” he insisted.  “No, Dean, you love me just as much as I love you.  You return everything I give you in full.  It’s… just because the way we love each other is different doesn’t make it unequal.  Dean, your love… it made me who I am.  Please understand that.  Please.  Your love is good and pure and it changed me.”
Her mouth dropped open and her eyes widened with delight.  “You
“Dean, do I really not make you uncomfortable?” he asked.  “You’re always saying ‘personal space, Cass,’” he said, slipping into his vaguely-offensive me impression.  “At first I didn’t know any better, but I… Dean, I have to confess to you that it’s on purpose now.  This need to be close to you, I just can’t…  It’s inescapable.  Something is wrong with me.  Why do I behave in this undignified manner?  I am broken, I am failed, I am-”
Eileen was near the fire, talking to Jody, while Claire, Kaia, Alex, and Patience were playing badminton on the lawn, with Missouri as the scorekeeper.  Then there was Donna, Stevie, Charlie, and Apocalypse World Charlie, trying to make s’mores.
“Possibly.”
Something anxious coiled in my belly.
“You wanna borrow a tape?” I offered.  “Listen to it with your headphones?”
“I’m sorry, do my feelings not matter as much as your feelings?” I asked, wanting to swallow the words back as soon as they were coming out of my mouth.
“That seems a little overdramatic.”
“No,” he said, making a face at me.
I stayed seated, but my entire body was a spring, ready to leap into the fight.
“You’re not just…”
“I don’t know what either of you are talking about,” Cass offered in a weirdly upbeat voice.
“Well, first of all, no, I don’t keep track of your potty breaks, and two, no, I don’t really remember much of last night at all, so…”
“Is that a…” Steve faltered, his brows scrunching together.  “Do you pluck a star from the sky…?”
I laced our fingers together, bringing my lips to his wrist.
“Yeah, but I’m bigger.”
Cass’s eyes fixated on me, and I felt like he was looking
I kicked off my boots as I went, tripping once, and somehow making it to the couch in one piece.  I sighed, flopping back onto it.  “Castiel, stop playing your harp and get your cute ass over here.”
Sure, this wasn’t awkward at all.
“Rest, Dean,” Cass said, guiding me towards the bed.
“No, you cannot,” he agreed.
“Of course not,” Sam replied in that patronizing way of his.  “Manly men don’t have feelings.”
“I do not-”
“What is the difference?”
I almost jumped out of my skin when Cass put his hand on my arm again.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“That was his freaking wedding song,” Junior said, making me laugh harder.
“Cass, shut up,” I groaned, sitting up and glaring daggers at him.
“You know, I really don’t need the details,” I said.  “Tell me what to do, we save the world, we go back.  Right?”
I stared between them, confused about a lot of things, but most specifically about what had just come out of my nephew’s mouth.
“Everyone besides the Jolly Green Giant here is shorter than me,” I said incredulously.
?” Cass asked, taking the beer and looking confused.
“We ready?” Junior asked.  When he received an affirmative, he started chanting in Latin.
Eileen just winked at him.
“You shouldn’t be fucking happy to die.”
“Hey, now, I do not primp-”
Cass sat ramrod straight next to me, eyes forward.
baked goods, Cass.”
“Well, we were just discussing your recent lack of sexual contact-”
“Dean, are you feeling… rested?” Cass asked suddenly.
“It’s fine,” I said, slinging my arm around his shoulder and noting the way his expression lit up.  “I’m tired of playing kiddie games, anyway,” I said, leading him towards the fire.
I found myself staring.
Sam groaned like a drama queen, and Cass started stuffing his mouth with popcorn, so I took that for a ‘yes’ and started up
Maybe I enjoyed our talks, too, which is why I didn’t move either.
Dean went back over to the car, completely missing the look that Dad was giving him.
There was silence.
“From the what now?” Bobby asked, shaking his head.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
Sam looked stricken, and I started howling.
“Cass, please stop,” I interrupted him.
“Hello, boys.”
“Get out while you can,” Sam whispered.
I suddenly realized that not only had my pansy-ass longing feelings accidentally called Cass here, but that this had somehow facilitated the first ever meeting between my father and my angel.
“I think the sweet texture is nice,” he said with a shrug.
at me.  “Boy don’t try to front, I-I know just-just what you a-a-are.  Womanizer, woman-womanizer, you’re a womanizer.”
“I think Dean needs to be at peace with himself before he can be at peace with you.”
“Ready to go?” I asked, stomping over to them loudly.
That gave me pause.
It didn’t stop me from wanting him to show up.
Sam sighed loudly.
“Mental illness is certainly alarming.”
His grumpiness ratcheted up.  “Your term of endearment makes that clear.”
“Good for her,” I said softly.  She’d figured it out before it was too late.
“The video is very funny,” Cass put in, helping as usual.
“Really, Cass?  Grunge?” I scoffed.
“Put in whatever you want,” I said, nodding my head back towards the car.
He shook his head.  “You do not owe me anything.  You are worthy of being loved.”
“Indeed.”
Nothing had changed.
“I need you to be clear, then.”
“Upside, inside out!”
“Yeah, I…” I trailed off, then shrugged his hand away as I moved to press the tape I’d been holding into the cassette deck.  The familiar sound of Jimmy Page’s guitar filled the car.
“Dude, really?”
At first the woman sitting with her boots kicked up on the table was unrecognizable.  Her gray hair flowed down her shoulders in curls, wrinkles etched across a face with surprisingly youthful-looking blue eyes.
His smile was everything as we both yelled, “Livin’ la vida loca!  Livin’ la vida loca!” and danced like two white dudes with no rhythm.
“Two?”
“Okay then,” he agreed, not sounding like it was okay at all.
“Huh.”
“Okay then,” he said, looking at me like I was crazy.  “No one asked you to be.”
“Hell is other people,” he said.
“After hell, I…” I trailed off.
I grinned at him.  “But you and your boyfriend are just so adorable.”
I made a face, rolling out of bed and grumbling my way to the door.  “Yeah?” I called.
“Deaaaaan,” he sighed heavily, like my name was ten syllables long.
I waited.
Cass snapped his fingers and we were back in my room.  I knew the Impala was pulled up in the driveway without having to ask.
“You just said…”
I wanted to make so very many comments.  ‘So when you say
“And why the hell would blood ever have to be
The trenchcoat-wearing body, falling off the roof.
He stood there, immovable.
“Are there songs that make you think of me?” he asked.
He breathed in through his nose and exhaled heavily.  “I am happy with how things are now.”
“Who is an angry clown?” Sam asked, looking confused.
“Cass, man, I can’t be the reason for you not getting laid.”
,” I explained, because he didn’t seem to be getting that.
Cass sighed softly into my neck.
“Cass, do you want me to say it?”
“Cass,” I complained, shaking my head as my eyes were inevitably drawn to his lips.
I’d been watching Bobby and my Dean talking animatedly over a carburetor, feeling that strong pull of
“Nothing,” he said sharply, hands fumbling with the mugs he’d pulled down from the cupboard.
“Good.”
“You’re still losing, losers,” Claire informed us.
“Do you even know how to make a mixtape?”
“Yes, your own freakin’ guardian angel,” Cass agreed, and then I was out like a light.
“I got that, Cass, thank you,” I said, patting his chest as I pushed away and moved towards the other three.  “Hey there, Mellie,” I said, giving her my best Dean Winchester smolder.
“Mm, yes, it’s a good song,” he agreed, nudging his nose against my neck like he’d done before.
, in my
“-intrude, yeah, you said that,” I interrupted him, rolling my eyes.  “Cass, you’re not an intrusion, you’re family.”
“Oh, okay,” I said.  “Good conversation, Cass.”
“Yeah, well, I guess I’m a masochist,” I said.
He looked confused, his head tilting to the side.  “I do not
“So you also are accustomed to dancing on bars?” Junior asked, looking intrigued.
“Ah, that’s too bad,” Rowena said shaking her head.  “You two really are adorable together.  You know, my Fergus always was a bit sweet on you…  You seem to give off a very seductive aura that screams, ‘I’m the picture of toxic masculinity but also I’d like you to take me to bed and pull me apart slow-’”
“Whatever, just ask,” I said, trying not to put too much thought into it.
“I maintain a regular temperature of 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit,” he mumbled.
“Cass!” I yelled, leaping to my feet and rushing to where he was falling.  It didn’t make any sense really, but I had to do something.
“I want more.”
“For what?” he asked, his brow crinkling up in confusion.
We both looked back towards the door where Rowena now stood in all her hellish glory.
“De-ean,” he said, all disapproving.
“Babe, maybe we’ve played enough…” Sam said, looking between us all with a weird look on his face.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah?”
“What the hell did I just say.”
I looked at them.
His head tilted to the side in surprise.  “Of course, Dean.  You, too.”
“Hey, who better to get those angels in line than the number one rule-breaking rebel of heaven?” I teased him.
There was a knock on my front door.
“You did a good job, Steve, goodbye,” I said, closing the door.
“What’s that?” I asked, holding out my hand.
I started choking on my own pie.
Sam shrugged, but he was still giving me that fucking look.
“About an hour out,” Sam said from the front.  “Maybe a little less if traffic is light.”
“It’s alright,” I said.  “For chick music,” I couldn’t help but add.
“Well, I kinda get Castiel on that,” she said.  “We always have to tread carefully with the straights.”
Cass scrunched up his face.  “Me?”
“She’s here.  In heaven.  Obviously,” he said, trying to smile.  “I can take you to her.”
“How am I supposed to forget something so important?”
Cass rolled his eyes and sat next to me.
a dog…?”
“We’re not arguing,” I said, feeling my expression soften with affection.  “I’m just saying you don’t have to worry about me.”
It felt like I needed to start from the beginning.
“My deal with the Empty saved your life,” he interrupted me.  “It saved your life so that you could fight another day, because when the world is about to end, I will always place my proverbial bet on Dean Winchester.”
“We will talk then?”
“Well, I guess we were talking about our feelings, and then you brought up Cass, so actually, no, I do see where you’re coming from,” Sam decided.
“I do not have any bodies to drag, but you are also
“Dean,” he complained, pushing his hips into mine more insistently.
“Yes, before he lost his soul,” Cass explained.
I smiled at him slow and easy.  It was the smile I used to get women into bed.
It was so easy for him.
“Cass, can I kiss you?” I asked, sliding my hand up his arm and settling on his shoulder.
I shook my head.  “I mean, I’m not completely comfortable with it, but… it’s Cass, so…”
“C-crowley was what now?” I asked, mortified.
We hadn’t talked much our last few rides.  Cass seemed to be treading lightly, and I seemed to be in full avoidance mode.
As the final credits rolled, Cass continued on his tirade of questions about ‘why this?’ and ‘why that?’, to which I finally concluded, “because
I cracked up.  “Did he follow it up with some Celine Dion?”
“Why?” I asked, chasing his hand down and taking it back.
“Dean, I have to go back to work,” he said.  “Can I get you some water?”
“Nothing,” I muttered.
As the credits started to roll, I gave Cass a devious smile and nodded my head towards my sleeping brother.
I looked at him.
“You are being infuriating.”
“I didn’t want it to.”
Cass’s brows crinkled in confusion.  “What does it mean to me?”
Charlie looked at me like her heart was melting.  “Awww…”
Sam cleared his throat.
“You what?” I asked.
“It’s not important at all!”
He picked up his shot glass when I did, and downed it.  He wrinkled his nose at the burn and set the glass back down.
“Yes, Dean.”
“Huh.”
I watched the synapses slowly fire in his brain, his mouth opening into an ‘oh’, before nodding and piping down.
“Dig in,” Sam said, going around to the other side of the table and pulling out the chair next to Junior.
“Yes, Dean?”
“Send our love to Eileen,” Cass said, but he was still staring at Dean, and I had the feeling I may have started something.
He turned to look at me fully, an unreadable expression in his eyes.
“We decided the table had a nice nostalgic vibe to it,” she said, before nodding her head around the room.  “Updated everything else from the prehistoric nonsense you had in here before, though.”
My eyes flicked to the rear view mirror, catching Cass’s gaze.  “S’fine, Cass.  We were just headed on a hunting trip.”
“Were you watching me?” I asked.  Talking to Sam had kind of put all the pieces into place.
“Oh, I did miss you a teeny weeny bit,” she said, shooting me a flirty smile back, then shoving me backwards on the bed.
