“Geez, Cas,” Dean says, feeling a pang of something Not Good deep in his chest. “Tell us how you really feel.”
He would have gone on like that forever if a bright light hadn’t seared his eyeballs and his ears. If there hadn’t been a white hot hand on his shoulder, or what would have been his shoulder if he had a body. A brand, flashing through his arm and into his core, washing over his cuts and bruises and even doing its best to bleach his mottled soul.
“Apologies,” Krushnic looks up, and again Dean is struck by the clear blue of his eyes. He was gonna have to get over how unique they were, falling over on the ice because Krushnic decides to look at him would do hell for his season. “I am often told one of my hobbies is curiosity.”
It tells Dean Winchester, with relish, how his idiot vampire friend had been killed. It hopes the human realizes they will kill his angel pet in a far worse way.
Cas glances up, eyes flashing with something Dean can’t read before he nods and pushes the book off his lap. Last time Dean had tried to talk like this, they’d been in a hotel room, and there’s been a convenient place to sit, on the bed across from Cas where Dean was close enough to touch but not close enough to be tempted. Here in Cas’ room, there’s only the space on the bed next to him.
He got it fixed eventually, but Sam wouldn’t talk to him for a month. Probably the worst month of Dean’s life.
Jesus, this Victor thing is screwing him up in every aspect of his life. First his hockey (he refuses to believe that lifting his foot thing isn’t a brand new habit born of stress), then the sex and now Krushnic…
“Sure you did,” he says, squinting at the blurry picture. “Why does every pap photo of you make you look like you’re posing to be a GQ cover model?”
Bobby rolls his eyes. “Go see Frank, you damn idjit. I ain’t having you brain dead at forty.” Dean scowls and gets off the bench, but Bobby stops him with a hand on his shoulder. “You get bit?” he asks, staring at his neck.
Dean stiffens and straightens up, not wanting to turn around. Talking to Krushnic is really the last thing he wants to do right now, but ignoring him with Bobby somewhere in the bar to hear about it isn’t going to end well for him either.
“He’s from the Kontinental Hockey League,” Bobby continues like he hadn’t been interrupted. “Damn good player. Three seasons under his belt, with seventy-four points last season, and he just keeps getting better.”
Cas follows him over to Bobby in order to stand across from Dean, and Dean raises an eyebrow, tapping Cas’ stick with his own. “You sure you can take a face off, Cas? Because we can call Jess over if you’re not sure and she can try it out.”
“How the fuck am I supposed to pretend I’m not getting on a plane when you two keep talking about it?” Dean snaps. He reaches up and rips the tie off, because this whole thing is stupid. Sam’s managed to lead him up the steps to the plane, so without thinking too hard about it he steps through the door, leaving Gabriel, Krushnic and Sam to follow.
“Heh. Yeah.” Dean pulls two beers from his fridge and tosses one at Victor. He’d forgotten that he hadn’t exactly told his friend that Cas isn’t so bad, once you start talking to him and get him to lighten up. Hell, Dean could probably call him a friend now.
Bobby’s glare softens by maybe a fraction. “Don’t matter what you thought. I’m your uncle first, coach second. You hear me?”
“Alright, maybe,” Gabriel concedes. “But who cares what anyone says if they turn up dead the next morning?” He gives Dean a truly scary grin, which is really messing with his head when paired with the sudden affection he feels for the man.
He slams the puck at the net so hard the rebound comes bouncing back. Gathering it, he skates around the back of the net and back to center ice.
“I assure you, Dean, if I were Ness you would know it.” Cas steps closer and Dean sucks in a breath as he brushes by to peer under hood at the mess Dean has made of the Mustang’s engine block. “Although I found their use of submachine guns highly unrealistic.”
Sam smiles sadly. “Dean doesn’t lean on people. He’s already figured it out. That’s why I’m worried about you dating now. He’s made it sound like Christmas is kind of bad for you, more than just you not liking it.”
“Hello Mr. Winchester, Mr. Krushnic,” a female voice says, causing Dean to jump and shove the hand that had been about to reach for Cas to the back of his neck. A dark haired woman in a professional suit-type outfit is standing in front of them, looking expectant as she takes them in. “I’m Hannah. I’ll be your handler today.”
He really shouldn’t be surprised that Sam is curious about what happened with the whole kiss thing. If their roles were reversed Dean wouldn’t have shut up about it, so he’s really got to give Sam credit. It’s not every day your straight brother comes to you with some existential crisis over a European guy laying one on him. Then you gotta remember that he and Cas had been avoiding each other for a while after that…of course Sam wants to know what the hell is happening.
“When I was very young,” Cas says, taking a large drink of coffee. “I do not remember. The school would take us to mass, if we didn’t have practice that night.”
“I…Dean, I have to stay.” Dean looks up, and Sam has those damn imploring puppy dog eyes trained on him. “I need to finish practice. And…and Castiel said he’d help me with my shot.”
Dean had been considering leaving Chekov in a kennel for the next two days, but the idea is quickly abandoned when Cas lets the damn dog sit on his lap as soon as he climbs into the car.
She does not smooth Dean’s hair back from his brow and tell him angels are watching over him. She hardly touches him at all.
His room with Cas is all the way down the hall, at 343. When he opens the door, Cas is already there, flipping through the channels at a dizzying rate. Dean doubts he’s even registering what’s on the screen, and wonders again what the hell Cas did for fun in Russia.
Dean swears, loud and colorful. He hadn’t heard everything from Gabriel and figured the little weasel was just making one of his stupid jokes and hadn’t actually heard them having sex. Fuck.
“Yeah,” Dean forces a quick laugh, catches his hand going to rub at the back of his neck and instantly snatches it away. What is he, sixteen and asking a girl to prom? “Dude, what’s with the voice?”
Cas leans closer to Dean and says softly, “I don’t know if you recall, Dean, but Sam is currently in a relationship with Jessica, our friend.”
His lips are catching slightly on Cas’, dry rasping on dry, and he longs to surge forward, to lick and fucking actually feel them. But that’d be kissing. He’s pretty drunk, not drunk enough for that. But then Cas’ eyes flutter closed and Dean feels his eyelashes brush against his own cheeks, and he lets out a short huff and pulls back.
An hour later he finds himself stripped of his coat, Meg proclaiming, “It’ll do,” upon seeing the white button down, blue tie and black slacks he’d worn for the expected interview. “Just make sure it’s a black shirt tomorrow,” she’d warned before leaving him with a small cheerful redhead named Charlie.
“Called being a good teammate,” Dean says shortly, flipping on the TV and expertly channel surfing to Dr. Sexy. He drops down next to Cas and they don’t speak the rest of the night, even when Cas leaves at midnight.
“What do you mean?” Cas replies, and Dean realizes he’s been staring at him, and what he can only imagine is the extremely embarrassing look that just came over his face at the thought of Cas in the passenger seat of Baby with the windows rolled down and his hair ruffling in the breeze of open road.
“This fucking sucks,” he complains loudly, pulling his baseball hat low over his eyes so he doesn’t have to look at the screen anymore. Not that he’s too invested in baseball, it’s just the only sport on when your career ends suddenly and abruptly towards the end of May. Plus, his high def, seventy-five inch TV screen makes it much harder to ignore the mess that is the Cubs bullpen.
Sam laughs, tapping her hand that’s rested on the counter gently. “That doesn’t really sound like Cas’ thing, Jess.”
He’s not sure why he doesn’t. He only knows he’d promised himself Cas would never replace Victor, and now…
The phone in his hand buzzes violently and he almost throws it at the wall, it startles him so much. At least he avoided that particular embarrassment. Raising the thing to his ear, he answers gruffly. “Yeah?”
Dean tries to talk to him the few times he’s on the ice and there’s a stoppage of play, but Gabriel just glowers at him from behind his mask and finally resorts to throwing his water bottle at him, so all Dean can really do is hope he doesn’t get himself landed in prison by the end of the game.
“Hey Cas!” Sam calls as soon as they walk in the door. He’s sitting in front of the tree with his book, the dog lying nearby. Dean shoots him a suspicious look.
“Then I have nothing to worry about, do I?” Castiel sighs and looks around the kitchen. Noodles were really all he had for lunch. Maybe if he made it to dinner he could order take out.
Gabriel has managed to pick himself up and rips his helmet off, shoving Zachariah, the closest Scorpions player to him. “I made the save, dingus!” he snarls. Zachariah shoves back and Dean finds himself in the middle of two fighting idiots once again, allowing himself to get manhandled by the ref as he goes for Dean’s shoulders instead of the two people actually fighting.
Except maybe he can, a little. Cas sticking up for himself but refusing to throw a punch for stupid reasons. Cas ending up in the hospital bruised and battered again and again, so many times that he began to hate hospitals.
They lost three to nothing. The series was sitting at three to one. One more win, and the Scorpions would be going to the Stanley Cup finals.
He doesn’t have any of his other gear out here, only the stick he’d been wrapping and a puck he finds stuffed at the bottom of the duffle, but he doesn’t fucking care. When his skates are on, he heads out onto the ice in his jeans and Henley, handling the puck back and forth in tight, angry movements.
It gets him thinking though, remembering all the times Cas has left him with words unsaid. All those unsaid words were on Dean. They’re things he’s said a million times to Sam – when he dies, Sam will, without a shadow of a doubt, know his brother loves him.
“Man,” Dean shakes his head wistfully and straightens back up a little. “I can’t wait until the day I finally get to meet Lord Stanley there.”
“Where were you?” he murmurs lowly, turning his head again and bumping Dean’s nose with his cheek. Stubble rasps along his face and his grip involuntarily tightens again.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean jerks his head up and narrowly avoids slamming it into the hood of the Mustang. Turns out even only half mojo’d up, Cas could still sneak up on him.
It was a pathetic way to spend his time, but Castiel didn’t know what else to do today. If Dean never did call, meaningless tasks and chores were the only things that were going to get him through the day without him thinking too hard about it. They would keep him from getting disappointed.
Dean looks back at his brother, who has his mouth screwed tightly shut. “For chrissakes, you can talk!”
Dean just pours Cas a straight vodka, because the name of the game is to get drunk, and this is the only thing he knows that will even get Cas started. A loud cheer goes up as he enters the family room, and he barely has time to shove his own glass to his mouth before Gabriel yells, “DRINK.”
He could even forgive Cas breaking Sam’s wall. It was harder, but he could do it. Cas was his best friend. He was Sam’s friend too, but Dean knew, deep down, there was more for him, something just for him. He’d struggled to keep the appropriate level of amused disgust on his face when Cas had declared to Sam that he and Dean shared “a more profound bond.”
“Hey,” he says, stepping forward after the customer has left and leaning against the counter. “Meg said I could take you for your break now.”
Cas doesn’t answer right away, and suddenly Dean feels like he’s taking entirely too long to answer. He refuses to put down his menu to look at Cas’ face, because for some reason he’s become a fucking pansy and doesn’t want to see what’s there. With every passing second, the importance of the question grows, and Dean has
“Yeah,” Dean repeats impatiently, glancing down the hall at Sam and Chuck’s door. They need to hurry.
“Your soul is the brightest I’ve ever seen,” Cas says firmly, and that, apparently, is the end of discussion.
Dean follows his finger and nods slowly, stopping when that proves to be too much for his head. “We’ve seen this one,” he agrees. He lets the awkward pause marinate a little before asking, “D’you want to watch a movie?”
Castiel watches Jessica bustle around grabbing various bottles and containers he doesn’t fully understand. It’s new, something interesting to watch, but he’s not totally sure why he’s here. He thought Dean was supposed to be showing him something special, and he didn’t see anything here at all.
“Cas,” Dean barks out, a laugh escaping. “Cas man, stop, you’re killing me.” He opens his eyes and sees a look of understanding dawning on Cas’ face.
Not that he’s gonna argue his life was all that normal before. Captain of the Stanley Cup winning NHL team does get you some recognition in the world, and Dean’s no stranger to random people approaching him on the street or in places like the men’s restroom and talking to him like they’ve been friends for years. He’s used to some degree of fame.
Dean struggles to consciousness, his foggy brain clearing just enough that the dull ache pushing at the back of his head and the base of his skull becomes more prominent, more searing. He groans softly and would bury his face if he weren’t so afraid moving it an inch would be the equivalent of being hit upside the head with a frying pan.
“Nah, just go grab a sweatshirt from my closet,” Dean says, jerking his head towards the door. “You’re in perfect Christmas morning clothes.”
“Please,” the woman nods quickly. Cas stares doubtfully at the puck and the kid, glancing uncertainly at Dean again. Hannah sits stiffly in between them, clearly fed up with the entire thing.
He hasn’t cleared the pipes in a long time, a combination of unusual disinterest and a little fear over where his thoughts might lead him, but now…fuck it. And fuck it again. It needs to happen.
“Dean,” a voice says quietly from behind him, and Dean turns slightly, watches as Cas clambers over the bench and settles down next to him. He’s wearing the hat Dean got him for Christmas, the ear flaps down and framing his face in a way that should look ridiculous but absolutely doesn’t. He looks gorgeous, and Dean would hate himself for using that word if it weren’t so accurate.
Dean licks into wet heat, into mouths, tongues, nipples, and buries his face in hot necks and creamy thighs until he can’t tell what’s going on anymore, if he’s even on the bed still, all he knows is pleasure is building, he’s panting and someone’s mouth is on his dick and his mouth is so dry, he’s so thirsty, that fucking blue drink like fucking…fucking Cas.
“I never said that,” Cas says lowly. “Although I can say with confidence there was no one at my old accounting agency that I wanted to commit acts of indecency with in the maintenance closet.”
“As long as I can remember?” Cas says hesitantly, like he’s unsure if this is the right answer. “It is not uncommon for two men to kiss in greeting.”
“Only with the pretty girls,” Dean retorts. “What the hell are you doing, telling Cas he can room with me?”
Krushnic manages to keep his face emotionless, despite the small furrow in his brow, so Dean has no idea how he took that. “It’s my team as well, Dean. That cannot be wished away.”
Cas actually turns out to be the most difficult part of this whole process, having to come to games dressed in his suit and his cast and being sent to sit in the press box with the rest of the corporate guys instead of on the bench with everyone else. Dean is amused to find that he’s a decidedly grumpy patient who has no patience for his injury or any coddling, instead continuing to insist that he’s fine and could play the second his cast comes off. Deans finds Cas in his apartment during the month of November more than he has any other time, and it becomes so frequent that Dean’s beginning to wake up in the middle of the night wondering where the fuck the guy went.
The burger on Cas’ plate is untouched, and he’s watching Dean with a quizzical look on his face. “Dude,” Dean admonishes, mouth full. “Eat your food.”
Dean’s been to Six Flags a few times for various reasons, and each time is worse than the last. It’s not really a good time for a guy who’s not gonna ride the roller coasters. Usually he ends up wandering off alone, splitting his time between playing games and, if it’s hot enough, riding those water rides where the main objective is to get other people wet.
He also seems to be more chatty with Hannah gone, managing to draw Dean into his conversations so often that Dean has a hard time figuring out when he’s speaking up because he’s actually interested in what’s being said and when it’s just because Cas gives him this…look. Which apparently has the power to make him say shit he doesn’t remember afterwards.
Dean’s mouth is on his then, soft at first, too soft for Castiel’s liking before Dean presses forward, one hand cupping the back of Castiel’s head and the other hand is clenched in the front of his jacket, pulling him closer. Castiel hadn’t noticed the snow when he was angry, but he comes increasingly aware of it as it falls around them. Dean is nibbling softly at his lip now, cautiously urging his mouth open, and Castiel has no idea what he’s done to deserve this but he swears he’ll do it again, as often as he can. Dean’s finger is stroking along the back of his neck now, running under his hat and into his hair, and he kisses him one more time before pulling back. He doesn’t let go.
Dean pulls back and gives him a tentative smile, probably a grimace more than anything, but hey, at least he’s trying. And does he ever get fucking rewarded. Cas full on beams at him, all gummy teeth and crinkled eyes, and Dean has the weird simultaneous feeling of giving Cas what he wanted most in the world and fucking it up all at once.
Castiel stares at the twinkling tree, which admittedly is very beautiful with its shining silver garland and the light reflecting off of the glass ornaments. He thinks about what Sam had told him days ago, about how important Christmas was to Dean, and how worried he was that Castiel might dislike it too much to be able to share it with him. He thinks about Charlie, and her admission that Dean’s constant cheerfulness was more a shield than anything else.
“Easy,” Dean says, ticking each one off the fingers of his hand as he names them, “Fuck with classic cars, hang with Sam, hockey,” he waggles his eyebrows. “Sex.”
“’The eye is the lamp of the body. If your eyes are healthy, your whole body will be full of light.’”
Dean’s loud laughter cuts him off, and Cas gets a very irritated scowl on his face before stomping off into the kitchen.
grumpy that Cas has been here for over half an hour and hasn’t come anywhere near him (even though Dean
“No ma’am. I’m here to help, honest.” He goes about looking for the iced tea fixings, wondering if Cas would like lemon or raspberry better.
“At least let us get outta Crowley’s,” Dean wheedles. He can see Bobby considering it. He hates Crowley as much as the rest of them do. “C’mon Bobby. We can go get you some coffee.”
“I don’t understand,” Cas says, frowning, “Our colors are red and black. We do not have blue collars.”
Bobby calls him to center ice for another drop, and as he skates by Krushnic, the asshole finally meets his eye.
Gabriel is a goddamned prophet. They beat Nashville in five games, five games that pass in such a whirlwind of adrenaline and anxiety that Dean barely remembers them. All he remembers is Benny’s overtime goal in game two, Chuck making his first hit all season, Gabriel snatching the puck in his glove just before it was about to cross the line to keep the score tied and eventually lead them to a win in game four. He remembers Sam’s beaming face and he remembers getting to caress Cas on the ice, to hold him without anyone looking at him funny because everyone else was doing it too. He remembers the hand shake line.
“TEN,” someone chants loudly near them. And Dean swears loudly. He sees Cas’ eyes widen in the dark.
It only lasts a moment, but it’s the angel who breaks it again. “Sorry about Benny,” he says, his voice full of regret.
“None of you take anything seriously,” he replies in response, although Dean thinks he looks more confused by that than angry.
It seems like only minutes later that he feels fingers carding through his hair, smoothing over his scalp, and it feels so good he barely registers the confusion over the source of the touch, just buries deeper into the warmth beneath him with a small noise of content.
“Well hey,” Dean quickly takes another shot, swallows. “We really gotta do that, Gabe? Maybe Cas just wants to have a good time and…not do that.”
The leviathan turns its head slightly, scarcely believing its luck. This show is better than all the bibbings it had been lucky enough to see combined.
Dean gently grabs Cas’ elbow to lead him away, allowing Castiel to wave goodbye to Missouri before he turns to follow Dean. “I think I see now.”
The next thing he remembers is crouching over the toilet, bright, shocking blue spilling out of his mouth and into the bowl, burning his throat, familiar hands lift him when he’s finished, all but carry him to his bed.
He’s pretty sure this is the first time Gordon has talked to him in weeks. “Walker,” he returns, not even bothering to turn towards him. “You need somethin’?”
His head is woozy, his movements still jerky and unsteady, so Dean doesn’t really trust himself to make anything that involves a stove, or even the microwave. Instead he pulls out the loaf of bread, starts spreading peanut butter methodically and thickly onto the slices.
“DEAN!” he manages to catch a flash of blonde out of the corner of his eye as something comes hurtling at him, and then he’s on his backside as Jo straddles his hips, plucking the winter hat the team had provided them with off of his head. “Thanks for the new hat,” she beams.
At first, Dean doesn’t pay him any attention. He lets loose in the parking lot of Pirate Pete, demanding Chuck get his ass back to earth. Dean deserves anything, any punishment but this. He cannot let the people he loves bear the brunt of his mistakes anymore, from breaking in Hell to giving into the Mark of Cain to agreeing to let Lucifer out of the Cage. Mom shouldn’t be stuck in Apocalypse World. Cas sure as shit shouldn’t be dead.
Just as he’s turning around to start the long trek back upstairs, he’s stopped by the bearded cook Dean was friendly with. “Hey,” he says, and while he doesn’t necessarily look unfriendly (in fact, his easy, southern drawl doesn’t really allow him to sound so either) Castiel is instantly put on guard. “You’re Dean’s friend, aren’t you?”
“I’m gonna be a better captain,” he manages to start before Benny calls him a sissy, Gabriel asks him if he’s gonna cry, and Andy throws a piece of bacon at him.
Krushnic looks like he can’t fathom this, which strikes Dean as particularly funny when he’s the only other person on the team with any real dislike for him. “Why?”
There are so many questions there Dean doesn’t even know where to begin. Doesn’t know where, and can’t. Because he wouldn’t tell Cas about dad, and now he expects the guy to play Doctor Phil with him? Dean may be an ass sometimes, but he tries not to be a hypocrite.
“Now what gave me away?” Ca—Lucifer asks, holding his hands up in mock surrender, like Dean’s gun isn’t about as terrifying as a squirt gun to him. His eyes flick to Dean’s shoulder, and he sees recognition dawn in those achingly familiar eyes. “Ah. I forget the memories are mirrored,” he sighs. “Just so we’re clear for next time, the left shoulder is Castiel’s special love-making shoulder, correct?”
The hallway back down to the main room isn’t that long, but Dean walks it quickly anyway, hoping he doesn’t find Cas hunched up in the corner or something with curious kids trying to beat him out in a staring contest.
“Your fingers must be slow,” Cas says, and Dean glances at him. The asshole is smirking. “Like your shot.”
There’s a pile of dirty trench coat slumped against a tree just beside the jagged glowing rip in the world, and Dean nearly stumbles in his haste to reach it.
“Breakfast buffet!” he had crowed loudly before leaving Castiel to get dressed. He supposed he should be more grateful his brother hadn’t stuck around to watch. Gabriel had the amazing ability to never feel awkwardness, simultaneously making everyone around him feel even more awkward. Staying in the room to watch his brother strip was not something Castiel would put past him doing.
Doesn’t matter how good at hockey you are though, if you don’t click with the rest of the team, it’s not gonna work, and Dean can’t see Krushnic allowing anybody to click with him. He hadn’t spoken the rest of practice.
Dean glances over and spears the two cherry tomatoes with his fork, popping them into his mouth. “Don’t be a baby,” he mutters quietly in return. It wasn’t being nice in any way. He just happens to like tomatoes, and he gave his up to Sam.
It falls to the concrete floor with a soft muffled thump, and then Cas’ hands are on his thighs, thumbs brushing close to his balls. Dean groans and bites his lip again, sliding his hands down Cas’ collar until they reach the knot of his tie. He yanks, and Cas pulls abruptly back, quickly shedding the vest and deftly slipping nimble fingers through the knot in his tie until he can yank it from his neck, the sound of silk against cotton making a satisfying noise.
?” Dean asks in exasperation, throwing another magazine onto their bed. It’s People this time, a step up from a tabloid, and he knows he’s fucking paranoid but he’s also not gonna put it past Gordon to have started calling more places.
Luckily Dean is thinking straighter than Castiel and clearly isn’t planning on lunging across the table to kiss him in front of their brothers and the entire Walnut Room (not that Castiel had been considering that, and even if he had, he has the alcohol to blame). Instead he just says lowly, too low for Sam and Gabriel to hear, “Tomorrow I’ll start showing you the store, alright?”
Cas does it one more time, somehow with more friction, and Dean’s hands shoot up to clamp around his upper arms. “Woah, stop,” he says in a strangled voice, and Cas does immediately, looking curiously down at him. “Just…hang on a minute.”
Life isn’t some magical fairy tale, especially not Dean’s life, and luckily Meg debases him of any idiotic ideas by popping up in the backseat of his baby and irritating the fuck out of him.
“Do you think I’ve been receiving hand carved angel tree toppers from anyone else?” Castiel asks, cursing himself from putting the damn thing on. But the tree had looked so bare last night, and that was what the angel was for godammit. He can’t believe Dean noticed it so quickly.
“You can’t compare Vic and Cas,” Dean says immediately. “I mean they’re a whole…different thing. But hell have Cas and I clicked. You saw the game tonight, right? I’ve never seen anybody get to the center of the ice undefended as many times as he can. And that goal! Hell, that must’ve been the hardest slap shot you ever took, right buddy?” he glances at Cas, who looks like he’s having a hard time focusing. He’s got this weird half smile on his face, different then the quirk of the lips Dean usually sees, different from the full out grin he’d seen earlier. It’s kinda…Cas is kinda beaming, and for some reason Dean can’t stop staring, and he can’t swallow around the lump in his throat.
His hand hovers over Cas the entire time he’s fixing his clothes, and at the very last second he pats him on the chest. It’s quick – Dean means it as a blessing. It weighs him down.
“Anna is upset because I do not keep in touch with the rest of my family, and she is tired of being in the middle of it,” Cas continues. “I don’t feel like discussing this anymore.”
“I haven’t had time to go buy a new suit,” Sam replies mournfully, tugging on his cuffs. His brother looks every inch the twenty-three year old, with his pants barely reaching his ankles and his cuffs barely to his wrists. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d think the kid was looking for his first job straight out of college.
Dean’s not sure what he expected, but it wasn’t for Cas to bust out a bunch of Russian. He listens carefully, though as hard as he tries he can’t pick out individual words, can only appreciate them as the rumble through Cas’ throat and come out smooth and practiced, soft somehow even though his voice is still as deep and rough as ever. “What was that?” he asks when he finishes.
The time he spends with Michael inside his head is more of a haze than Sam prepared him for. Michael doesn’t seem particularly interested in torturing or mocking him, or even acknowledging that he exists. Dean’s never mastered the art of keeping his mouth shut though, and it’s not long until Michael starts burying him under memories he’d rather not relive again.
Dean laughs. “Bobby didn’t think so neither, fact he told me Guenthier was probably drunk, since that’s…you know. What they did. But you know, it was advice from one of the greats, and a lot of other guys there agreed with him, even I knew that as a kid. It’s advice I try to follow.”
Gabriel grabs it from Victor before Zeke can, then sticks his tongue out at him because Gabriel is still five. “Next time you mess with my goaltending, I’ll mess with your face,” he says completely cheerfully, wiggling his fingers in a goodbye to Dean before sauntering away, whistling. Zeke shoots Victor an incredibly exasperated look before heading in the opposite direction.
The guy is maybe early to mid-twenties, brown hair poking out of his backwards baseball cap and a wide-eyed look on his face that Dean would’ve found funny if he wasn’t so used to it by now. In the darkness of the bar, he can’t tell what color his eyes are. “Yeah man, that’s me.”
Dean has no idea what the fuck he does, if somehow what just flooded his brain is now visible on his face, but two more seconds of Victor looking at him and suddenly his eyes are narrowing and he’s shifting forward. “Dean,” he says, and Dean’s never been more thankful for an interruption than he is when he hears, “Mr. Winchester?” from the end of the hallway.
Of course this launches Sam’s smart guy explanation of labor and class distinction, which eventually turns into a rant that grows increasingly heated. When Sam had been little and in his rebellious phase, he’d always warned Dad he was going to run off and become a lawyer. Dean thinks he’d have made a good one, but it just wasn’t possible for Sam to get away. Hockey was in their blood.
“Put your burger in the box and let’s go,” Dean says sharply, pushing his chair back and standing up. “We got maybe an hour before Sam and Chuck finish up.”
They’re making good progress against Michael, finding the spear and his location. Dean’s starting to feel like they may actually finish this.
“Maybe if you’d scored more we could be playing the Rangers right now instead of watching this sorry excuse for a game.”
Except he and Cas always have had a closer relationship than Cas and Sam, so if Cas is suddenly calling Sam over him, it must be because of something Dean did.
When the door finally closes behind Krushnic, Dean throws the magazine down and scrubs his hands over his face. Not only is Krushnic an asshole, he’s got no social skills either. And now he’s Dean’s neighbor. Fucking great.
“Fine, fine,” she concedes. Easily, Dean is pretty sure, which is a relief for him. It means that Jo probably didn’t seriously think he was into guys. “Not you, specifically being into a guy then, but have you had those moments? When you like looking at a guy, or something.”
Usually after a game, they order pizza and put on a movie. Somehow Dean ends up gravitating onto Cas’ bed. Half the time he jerks awake to find Cas reading one of those stupid Supernatural books Sam got him into, his hand resting on Cas’ leg and the credits rolling softly in the background because the considerate asshole had turned down the volume.
“I’m not sure I remember exactly how it went,” Cas’ eyebrows furrow like he’s concentrating, a prelude to a frown. “Do you?”
“My brother talks about you all the time,” Sam’s saying. “He won’t shut up about all the shit he wants to show you in the store.”
Sam, the awkward idiot, actually twists around to watch her leave, calling, “bye!” as the door shuts behind her. He then turns wide-eyed to his brother. “Seriously, Dean?”
“I think what Claire’s trying to say is we relate to Castiel a little more,” the curly-haired girl speaks up, shooting Blondie a look. “We…” she pauses, and looks like she’s struggling to find the right words.
And there it is. Cas’ voice, one of Dean’s only comforts and constant for the past eight years, but rougher, lower. It’s the voice of someone who’s seen some shit and refuses to let it affect him anymore, authoritative and demanding and hard, and it should be off-putting but this is fucking
Not only did he embarrass himself once, he had to top it off by doing it again immediately after the first time.
Dean swears and releases Castiel quickly. He tries not to let it bother him as he catches sight of the shorter, sharply dressed man who had called out to Dean, but he has to admit, as much as he dislikes publicly putting any sort of emotion on display, that he’s become incredibly used to Dean’s constant touches no matter where they are.
If Dean answers, Castiel doesn’t hear as he climbs down carefully off the platform and stalks past Gabriel.
He doesn’t look at Cas’ face. He can’t or he’ll lose it. He’ll break. He’ll beg Cas to forgive him, tell him he didn’t mean it. And he’s sure that’s probably what Chuck wants.
“Son of a bitch,” he swears at the sharp sting of the ball slapping against his palms even as the group of kids in front of him break into cheers.
“Yes, that’s what mother told me,” Michael says disdainfully. “She assumes you’re standing on a street corner somewhere, shining shoes. Or worse.”
“Dean,” Sam says in disbelief. “Lucifer was pissing me off. I’m pretty sure I decided all by myself to slam his fucking face into the wall, and it was definitely my fault for doing it incorrectly. As for you missing a shot or whatever bullcrap that is, I thought that’s why you were so pissed with Krushnic the other day?”
It’s actually not the worst restaurant Dean has ever seen. Bobby’s forced them into places with actual crystal before, places where waiters sneered when you asked about burgers. Then Dean would complain about rich people and Sam would smugly point out that they
Dean supposes he should have learned by now that you can’t force people to want to stay with you. He couldn’t convince Dad, has only held onto Sam through his brother’s misguided attempt at keeping him alive. Cas may enjoy hunting with him, but that doesn’t mean he likes Dean. It doesn’t mean he wants to stay.
Cas calls again a few days later (he calls Dean this time and Dean absolutely does not act smug towards a clueless Sam for hours afterwards) with a tip on some girl in Nebraska whose kitchen had been set on fire and claimed Lucifer made her do it. Crowley doesn’t think the newspaper article they’d found the story in has any merit, but Cas does, and since it’s so close to them and Crowley refuses to tag along, did the Winchesters want to meet him there?
“I dunno what kind of operation you were running over there in the Motherland, but here in America we tend to want to like the guys we play with. Grab a beer, shoot the shit, make fun of football players,” Dean tells him, pointing at the bumblebee and handing it over to Cas once it’s in his hands. “Here.”
Dean’s laughter dies down abruptly as his knee jerk reaction to the statement is to tell Cas he’s not observing, he
Sam follows silently, glowering, the biggest idiot of them all. Dean rolls his eyes and dumps his bag, climbing up the bleachers and cuffing Gabriel in the back of the head before sitting beside him. “Don’t you perverts have anything better to do?”
Human skulls don’t really like it when you throw two hundred pounds of solid mass at them and stop the fall with immovable objects.
“Are you sure?” Cas asks, but his eyes are hooded and running over Dean hungrily already, and Dean’s never been more sure of anything in his life.
Dean does not know where the fuck he’s going with this, so the next words out of his mouth are “I get hot too.” He tracks Cas’ lack of facial expression, readjusts. “You know, kind of like grace I guess, when I’m praying, or when you’re around, or we touch, or I’m, I dunno,
“If you all expect to be invited back next year, you best come help us unload these birds!” Ellen shouts after him.
Krushnic, unsurprisingly, was the star of the show, charming everybody with his accent and what one reporter called, “his refreshingly deadpan humor.” After the reading the article, Dean had joked that that was just the effect of the stick shoved all the way up his ass. Sam wasn’t amused.
Dean struggles to come to terms with these two versions of his mother, the real one standing before him and the one he’d ached for for the past twenty-five years. He tries not to make it obvious to Mary, that his faulty memories are creating a hesitance, a push so strong to have what he wants but the resistant pull that if he asks for it, he will not get it, because that’s not who she is now. They’ve missed their chance.
Dean frowns, because the words sound different, somehow. They sound heavier, careful, like they’re dragging Cas down, maybe, and he continues to frown until he realizes how fucking insane his own brain sounds and he shakes his head. “So, uh,” he says, trying to gather his thoughts, figure out how to say what he wants to say, “everything alright?”
He opens the lube bottle and squirts some over his fingers. “Are you gonna help, or am I going to have to do it by myself?”
“Pipe down!” Bobby’s gruff voice cuts above the usual locker room chatter, and as it begins to fade he says again, “Quiet, ya idjits, I got something important to say.”
Cas, Dean knows, is grieving. Chuck killed Jack anyway, and Sam’s got a giant, nasty looking bullet wound in his shoulder. Dean can’t afford to have any sympathy for his friend, not when Cas had refused that sympathy, that closure to him.
He asks him if he’s alive (duh) and Cas answers in that cryptic, holier than thou bullshit way he used to have before Heaven knocked him down one too many times.
Castiel frowns, tilting his head at Dean. “It sounds like you keep the city functioning,” he says. “Isn’t that the most important job of all?”
“Yeah, yeah, alright Mr. Cultural,” Dean said. “So I don’t have to come up there and kick anyone’s ass for not playing with you at recess?”
“Oh,” Cas hesitates, and Dean can instantly tell he thinks he’s fucked up. “Should I have done that instead?”
About half an hour in, a teenage girl shows up with a trading card for Dean to sign. He catches the number eighteen on the sleeve of the jersey she’s wearing and can’t help his face splitting into a wide grin. “Hey, you got Cas’ sweater, huh?” He sees Cas’ head turn from the corner of his eye and pointedly doesn’t look at him.
“I was delightful,” Bobby says. He’s busy shrugging out of his Santa suit, a pair of jeans and a flannel on underneath. When he’s finished, he tosses them to Sam. “I’m gonna get some grub, boy. Don’t forget to eat.”
Dean drops Cas’ wrist like it’s on fire and takes a pull of the beer. The sooner he finishes this, the sooner he can go for the hard stuff.
He doesn’t want to answer either one of those really, but Charlie is a new friend, and he really likes her, so he does his best. “Birthdays are stupid,” he grouses. Okay, so maybe not his best. “Dunno where Cas is.”
Cas seems to be considering the question very seriously, and in the meantime Gabriel pushes him another shot. “I like freckles,” he says finally.
Sam shrugs. “I just wanted to say,” he says nonchalantly. “If you do get your head out of your ass and let whatever it is you’re doing with Cas play out, I’m not gonna think of you any differently. Well,” his face screws up and he amends, “I might like you better with a boyfriend. Wouldn’t know yet.”
“Not everyone’s got the luxury of being Russia’s golden boy.” Dean doesn’t look at him, keeping his eye on Sam over by the benches. It looks like he and Jess are wrapping up, and as soon as he gets his ass back over here Dean is getting out of this conversation.
“Hey,” Victor says, and there’s a tone to his voice so distinct Dean can guess exactly what he’s seen before he even says anything. God damn these small ass decorative pillows Sam made him buy. Dean wanted big pillows in his condo, dammit. “You reading gossip rags, Winchester?”
He stands as soon as he can see again and his knee has straightened out. “Cas, are you God?” he asks quietly, because really, what else is there to say? Sam is gone, Bobby is dead, and somehow Cas is still here, even though Dean saw him get blown to bits.
“And you say that like I should be ashamed,” Benny shoots back in a lazy drawl. “Fact remains I got a girl and you're stuck with a wife.”
Nothing has been resolved, not really, but Sam’s almost smile immediately puts Dean’s stomach at ease, clears his head a little. “Yeah,” he manages to chuckle, and it almost sounds real. “He caught me in the elevator with my hand up some chick’s skirt.”
Listen, tomorrow is Ukrainian Christmas, which I do celebrate, so TECHNICALLY I'm within the Christmas season here, and I promised myself this fic was getting finished this Christmas (it counts that I'm starting every day posting the day before a technical Christmas holiday, right?)
“Or maybe he’s just making sure he’s getting all the coal to the right place,” Dean returns, pushing his chair back.
Their erections had flagged while Dean had tried to argue the indignity of using craft supplies to have sex, but the problem is solved when Cas settles back over him and promptly wraps his lubed hand around Dean.
Sammy is screaming so loudly in his ear Dean is afraid he’s gonna burst an ear drum. Dean thinks he might have actually been lifted off the ice as Sam shots, “WE WON, HOLY FUCK. WE’RE GOING TO THE FINALS. WE WON, DEAN!” Someone barrels into Sam’s side and Sam all but drops him, and then Benny’s on top of him, shouting in such a thick Cajun accent that Dean can’t understand. He scans the ice frantically, searching, and then bright blue eyes meet his.
The taxi driver, laughs, a full body laugh that surprises Dean so much he stops struggling with the stick, allowing Cas to whack him in the shoulder again. “Ow! Son of a bitch, Cas—”
Dean’s probably lucky he managed to keep Sam from grabbing a hundred more and turning their lives into a Disney movie.
“It’s a drinking game,” Kevin tells him. “We noticed from watching so many of our games that a lot of stuff is repeated, like quirks or things the announcers say, so to make it more fun we drink every time one of the things on our list happens.”
The leviathan does not understand what love is. They were not built for it. But devotion, oh yes, it understands devotion. It, just one of the many arms of the writhing, slithering mass that is Eve’s first child, Leviathan. It knows devotion. The two men behind him are drowning in it, choking on it.
“Thank you for the coffee.” That’s the last thing Krushnic says to him, but he stays a good five minutes afterward to finish the mug, watching Dr. Sexy silently and occasionally glancing at Dean. If he’s waiting for him to break first, he’s going to be disappointed. Dean doesn’t open his mouth once, just grabs a Sports Illustrated and pretends he’s not watching Dr. Sexy too.
Cas is bigger than him, although he’s not as thick, a pearl of precome gathering at the tip, and Dean reaches out to swipe his thumb over the head almost without thinking. Cas makes that wounded animal noise again and this time his hips snap forward all the way, searching for the friction of Dean’s hand.
After Bobby announces the starting lineup (Lafitte, Winchester, Krushnic, Winchester, Shirley, Milton in net), Dean stands up, making sure all eyes are on him. “You guys looked like shit.”
“Brother, you’ve been quieter than I’ve ever known you to be, and don’t think I haven’t seen you avoiding your friends again.”
Dean pushes Sam away, trying to take in the chaos surrounding him. Chuck is grappling with a guy not too far from him. Gabriel’s out of his net and on this end of the ice, wrestling with the Forks’ goalie while Victor hovers around them like he can’t decide who he has a better chance of pulling away from the other. Dean wonders where the fuck the refs are when he spots them towards center ice.
“I do like it,” he whispers into his ear, his breath brushing across skin once again and causing Castiel to shiver. Dean takes a healthy step back and cocks an eyebrow at him. “You’re right, we do need hot chocolate.”
Still, it was weird, and he was starting to get uncomfortable. Seeing all this shit kept forcing thoughts to the front of his brain, thoughts he then had to spend valuable time shoving deep, deep down, when really all of his concentration should be on hockey.
“Castiel,” he corrects, his lip twitching a little. “But close.” He hands Dean the coffee and sits down on the bed.
“If you say so,” Cas says doubtfully. Dean wonders why he’s even here if it’s really that fucking boring. Sure, Dean would complain, but it’s not like he can make him do what he wants.
The sound of keyboard clacking starts up again, which means at least Dean’s managed to get Sam off his back. Cas is silent too, and Dean wonders if he’s once again failed to make Cas understand what he’s trying to tell him.
Lucifer gives an exaggerated shrug and grins. “Taking my new ride out for a spin?” he suggests. “Still not as smooth as Sam of course, but I am rather impressed with the upgrade Castiel has provided me over my last model.”
“I would not be a jackass to your sister, Dean,” Cas smiles slightly. “And I do not have any problem. It is a good thing to see.”
“Cool it,” Dean says, pulling him back. He takes the bundle of cash out of Cas’ hands (there’s gotta be a hundred dollars here – Dean makes a mental note to show the stubborn ass how to count American money later) and presses five dollars at the guy. “You gotta play the game if you want the prize,” he explains, taking the three softballs the kid hands over in return.
“This is dumb,” Gabriel says loudly. “Why do we have to teach Cassie American shit when he’s dating the poster boy?”
. He just figured if the guy was living with him, and they enjoyed sucking one another off, they might as well sleep in the same bed.
Cas begins mouthing down Dean’s chest as he works in the first finger, his stubble scratching against Dean’s chest. Dean digs his heels into the mattress and tries not to laugh hysterically at the thought of there being glitter inside him, and fails.
Cas grabs his hand, tube and all, and brushes a kiss over his knuckles. “You’re the smartest man I know,” he says, completely sincere. Dean shivers at the compliment and Cas cradles his jaw, gentle but firm, like he does sometimes when Dean is going to protest, before he even really knows he’s going to protest.
Sam comes over to watch college basketball one night and Dean pretends his brother isn’t paying more attention to him than the game. When Cas pads out of his bedroom, barefooted and hair ruffled, to plop down next to Dean and steal his beer, Dean pretends Sam doesn’t raise his eyebrow. But when Cas heads back into his room, exasperated because every time he asks why a foul is called Dean answers, “Sexual misconduct,” Dean doesn’t ignore Sam’s snort.
“Neither can my buddies.” Dean glances back at Gabriel and Castiel for the first time since he walked over to the bar. Gabriel’s managed to attract a group of women, three of them, and while two were exactly the supermodel type he’d come to expect from the goalie, the girl hanging around Cas is…
Also you’re not gay, his brain reminds him, although his body seems to be making it pretty clear that Cas is some sort of exception to the rule, and he’s pretty sure his brain needs little convincing. He’d be surprised if it took more than a kiss.
“Well,” he glances at her nametag, “Alex, we’re in kind of a jam here. See, both of us managed to come down to dinner without our room keys, and now we’re locked out.” He glances back at Cas, who catches him looking and manages to pull his stoic face into an expression Dean thinks is supposed to be sad.
Cas looks tired. Defeated. But there’s a hard set to his jaw when he answers. “Jack’s dead. Chuck’s gone. You and Sam have each other. It’s time for me to move on.”
“What kind of hockey player doesn’t fucking fight?” Dean asks disbelievingly. The idea is unimaginable to him, least of all because when a team knows some guy on the ice isn’t going to stand up for himself they tend to fuck with him more.
Cas doesn’t act any differently. Dean watches carefully, waits for some kind of sign that something has changed, that their dicks touched and Cas had his mouth on him and that Dean is still not gay but he might be gay for Cas, a little, and he means that in a totally sexual way without any feelings attached.
They make the spell to capture Chuck and set off to meet Sam. Dean doesn’t think about how Cas is going to take on the Mark of Cain for this. Cas is much stronger than he ever was. Cas will be fine.
“Sorry?” he says, still paused. This could go either way. Cas could want to talk more openly, something Dean doesn’t think he can do, or he’s going to acknowledge that he didn’t miss what Dean had been saying, that he';s gotten a glimpse of what kind of man dad was and what kind of man he could have been, the one Dean wanted him to be. Dean’s shoulders are tensed, ready for all possible outcomes.
Krushnic is staring at him in a kind of horrified fascination, which Dean puts down to the outstanding amount of food he just fit into his mouth. He’s not even trying to show off, really, he’s just that talented. “Not really. It is very different here.”
“I dunno if that’s because you don’t get English, man, more like you don’t know what the fuck I’m talking about,” Dean shrugs. “Like if I go Space Balls, Star Wars, Star Trek and The Nutty Professor, you’re getting all those words, but I bet you didn’t catch the meaning.”
“That wasn’t even a fair fight,” Dean says as he skates Sam to the edge of the ice so he can head off to the locker room.
.” Cas growls this time, pushing roughly at Dean’s shoulder and forcing him to turn, small of his back pressed into the workbench.
He notices with some satisfaction the familiar spark in her eye. She snatches the bottle away and straightens up. “You either quit being a dick and open up to your bartender like you’re fucking supposed to, Dean Winchester, or you can go ruin your life somewhere else. What’s it gonna be?”
Cas is frowning deeply, obviously working through something. “You didn’t appreciate when I insinuated such a thing, nor were you happy when the waitress did.”
Dean snorts, “yeah, or she’s not stupid enough to risk the loony bin.” He spots Cas’ ass ugly Lincoln Continental down the block and pretends he doesn’t tap down a little harder on the gas. Cas is standing outside of it, leaning against the side and staring with a look of abject concentration at his phone when they pull up behind him.
“Yes,” Cas replies, trailing after him. “Really Dean, I don’t think my apartment will flood in the time it takes for us to go on a date.”
Dean is sure Cas is going to say no, but turns out he apparently doesn’t know Cas that well. “Yes,” Cas nods firmly. “Thank you Dean.”
He’s back on the bench, frowning up at the replay on the big screen – seriously, he couldn’t do this shit again if he tried – when Cas shoves in next to him and leans close. “That was amazing, Dean,” he says quietly.
They give Jack a proper send off, drinking alcohol and eating chocolate nougat deep into the night. Sam is the first to retire around two in the morning, and Dean sits across the table from Cas, a silent pillar of support, letting him remember Jack.
Eli pours Dean a glass of something, he’s not sure what, but a few of them do the trick. At least, a few of them do the trick when he stops looking back at Cas. Every time he looks, the girl is getting closer and closer, and Cas is smiling more and more. Dean drinks more. His stomach feels empty, gotta fill it somehow.
He chances a glance at Cas and wishes he hadn’t. Cas looks furious. “This is not your fault,” Cas says, voice so low it’s all growl. “I wanted this too.”
The cold air hits him abruptly, but does nothing to cool his anger. It’s started to snow while he was inside, and while usually this would make him turn right back around, he continues. He feels like he’s burning up with anger and that something is going to blow, soon. He’s been walking, he doesn’t know where, somehow managing to avoid stumbling over people as he stomps along.
“I’m not,” Sam says, looking over at it like it might have disappeared in the ten seconds since he’d last checked for it. Dean can’t really blame his brother. They’ve all been doing that since they won it, visiting it just to stare at it, running their hands over their names engraved on the side. Dean’s day with the cup comes in a few weeks, and then Cas’ is in August, so he’ll get to see it more than most of them, but it’s still a new thing. Still shiny.
The waiter finally puts the bread basket down, and Dean grabs a roll, ripping a chuck of it off and shoving it into his mouth. “Sounds like you guys were best buddies.”
Dean rubs the back of his neck and then grimaces, probably from how sticky his hands are. “Maybe,” he says quietly. “Or maybe I just wanted you up here with me.”
“As interested as I am in this conversation,” Gabriel cuts in, looking anything but. “You think we could get some beer before we dive deeper into the evils of capitalism? That or I can shove a knife through my skull, it’d probably have the same effect.”
“Maybe it’s a little bit of both.” Dean slips his jacket back on and gestures at Cas. “C’mon, I already wasted enough time today trying to get your number out of Sam. He made me call him ‘the best brother ever’ for it. Thought my ears were gonna start bleeding from the sound of those words.”
His hand had slipped and is now circling Cas’ wrist. He can’t bring himself to care unless Cas has something to say about it, and the guy’s got no complaints. Instead he’s scanning the bar, taking it in, and, weirdly enough, Dean can tell he’s cataloging escape routes, exactly like he would do. Seems neither of them are that into this type of scene.
“You think I wanna watch your brother get off?” Gabriel snorts, taking a large slurp out of his drink. “I don’t want to step on your toes there, Deano.”
“Castiel. Trust you to still be asleep at this hour,” Naomi Novak’s cool voice floats over the line, causing Castiel to instinctively squeeze his eyes shut tighter, like that could block out the sound somehow. Blearily blinking them open, he manages to find the red digital numbers of his clock flashing up at him from the floor. It reads 7:30.
After all, he thinks, staring down at the sandwiches in front of him, he’s not gay and hell, come to think of it, who knows if Cas was? It was adrenaline, and Dean let those bad thoughts he’d been having take over, dragged Cas down with him. His stomach twists painfully and the throbbing behind his eyes seems like it’s making an audible thumping noise in his ears. This was all his fault.
They’ve made it to the brightly lit open area that makes up the beauty section, counters for different brands haphazardly placed like a disorganized market. Various women are milling around the area, stopping at counters for samples or to ask a question. Dean brings them straight to a smooth, white rounded counter with the word ‘CLINIQUE’ emblazoned in silvery gray on the side.
“Cas!” Lucifer mocks, his voice high and thin and so desperately raw that Dean’s mouth clicks shut and he takes a step back.
Dean thinks about it, he really does, because besides that weird wink from Red, his night isn’t really going anywhere. Except they’ve got early practice tomorrow, and if he’s not gonna be here he might as well be at home. “Nah, man, thanks. Maybe some other time.”
“Yes,” she says, aggressively shoving an ad at him. “I came here to find the Marvel Action Figure Set, because you have it on sale, but you don’t
Cas tells him about the Rit Zien, some kind of freaky angel that vaporizes you if you so much as get a papercut. “To them, pain is pain,” Cas explains, always ready to explain his weird family’s murderous tendencies. Dean thinks it can’t be too long until the damn thing comes after him, so maybe it’s a good time to ditch Cas.
“You deserve it,” Dean tells him with a frown. “Who the fuck thinks wrapping an entire car is funny?”
“Maybe you’ll be in these,” Dean grins, accepting them. Benny’d been called up late in his first season, after the cards for his year were already out – he’d never truly been a rookie, and Dean took every chance to tease him about all the perks he missed, like rookie of the year, and especially rookie trading cards.
He’s grinding against Cas’ leg, and he can feel Cas shifting, the wet sound of lube sliding over skin as Cas spreads it over his fingers. “Yes, Dean, yes, please. Let me take care of you.”
“Her?” Castiel questions. He thinks the only time he’s ever heard an inanimate object referred to with a gendered pronoun is in a movie once, and it was being used to talk about a ship.
Unless he is. It wouldn’t be too far outside the realm of possibility with the weird mood he’s been in lately.
“Been keeping an eye on him lately,” Benny says grimly. “Think he’s sitting on that bar fight you just had yourself, Dean.”
It just rolls right off Cas though, and he’s been doing that a lot lately, not letting Dean antagonize him unless Dean deserved it, because Cas is awesome and for some reason wasn’t lying when he said he wanted this to work. “I did. Can you bowl?”
“I got no idea,” Dean shakes his head and looks at the mug jealously. “Bobby just told me to get you all here at nine.”
At two he hears his cell phone ringing from his position underneath his kitchen sink. It had started making weird noises while he was washing his lunch dishes. As bored as he was, he decided to get under the sink and look at the pipes.
“You don’t work as an excuse,” Dean grumbles. He’s starting to have trouble staying on his stool, although he’s pretty sure he wasn’t moving. Luckily this warm wall at his side is keeping him steady.
“For fucking what?” Dean asks, trying to skate around him to get to Cas, but the ref’s not having it.
Dean seems to need no clarification, since he just shrugs and says, “Nah. I’m still working on you, aren’t I?”
Cas rolls off the bed and stretches his hands above his head, drawing Dean’s attention to the taut muscles of his abdomen, his boxer shorts sliding low enough that the sharp hip bones that fit so perfectly into Dean’s hands are on full display. “Rest assured,” he says shortly. “In my country it is not ‘weird’ to show such affection for a friend.”
He hears the front door open and watches Cas come into the apartment with his stupid trench coat on. Hair all ruffled from the wind Chicago starts kicking up in March. “Hey, Cas!” he says, throwing his arms wide. The magazine goes flying. Luckily the bottle of burbon does not.
Whatever. Let them have their weird snake hybrids. Dean just wanted beer so he could watch House Hunters.
Cas reaches over him and pulls the blanket off the couch back, dragging it back down over himself and Dean. “You’re an idiot,” he says, not unkindly, before flopping over Dean’s chest again.
“You know the call girls here aren’t gonna be all that different from the ones in America, right Benny?”
“Yeah man, I’m doing great,” Victor answered when Dean asked. “Guys here are nice, the coach isn’t too much of a hard ass…besides the accents and the poutine, it’s almost like America here. ‘Cept man do these folks love their hockey.”
It’s not smart bringing up to dad to Sam. They’d always fought, constantly, using Dean as the mediator who always tried to please them both. If Sammy had started noticing guys, he’d have said something about it and gone out and found a boyfriend out of spite. Dean had gone the exact opposite direction, throwing himself at multiple girls in order to fit into his father’s expectations.
‘Course, guy probably didn’t realize he’d done anything at all. All he’d done was deny being a girl.
“Why the hell were you going to jump on my bed?” Dean shakes his head and scrubs at his eyes. “Don’t answer that. Cas, this is Jo and Charlie.”
His humor at the situation wears thin very quickly when it’s clear Cas isn’t going to be charmed out of the hurt Dean has heaped on him. Dean gets it. He put Cas here after all. Well not
Dean slaps Cas’ ass before they head out onto the ice, just for the hell of it, and the heated glare Cas sends him gets him through most of the game.
The door slams open with a loud and deafening crack against the stone wall, and the Empty in Billie’s form slides into the room, smiling eerily the whole way.
“I wouldn’t have objected,” Dean smirks, than thinks of that chick Meg from upstairs who’s always staring Cas down like he’s some kind of prime rib and grimaces. “Never mind. I would’ve. But I ain’t objecting now.”
As a kid who’d grown up at Bobby’s and had spent his limited free time out on the backyard pond practicing his wrist shot, Dean’d never really thought of the place as anything special. He can tell though, as soon as he sees the look on Cas’ face, that it must be.
Dean’s stomach jumps and he closes his eyes, breathing out deeply. Cas is quiet, his clean hand clutching at Dean’s left shoulder, and he gives him a minute before he kisses him again, his other hand sliding around Dean’s back and circling his rim.
“Buncha awesome fucking movies,” Dean tells him. Krushnic pitches forward suddenly, slamming into Dean, and Dean catches a glimpse of two kids pushing their way through the line to get to the one leading to the first car. “Watch it, assholes!” he yells. Castiel is still pressed against his chest, and Dean tries very hard not to think about how good it feels to have a body up against his. Maybe Sammy’s right and he does have a problem, it’s only been a week since Tessa and that other girl.
He catches sight of Benny and Chuck towards the end of the bar where Ellen has TV’s hanging, so he heads to a less populated area around the other side. He’s not really up to facing anybody from the team yet, isn’t really sure how he’s gonna do it Monday, but the longer he can hold it off, the better.
“No, Dean,” Cas says, and the look he’s giving him is almost one of pity. “I’m leaving and I’m not coming back.”
“Yeah,” Dean shrugs, taking in the look on his face and allowing himself to smile a little. “Dude, pranks are supposed to be mildly annoying, not outright malicious. Anyway trust me, Sam likes bitching over the little things.” He reaches over to the counter above the mini fridge and grabs two glasses, stuffing them into the bag. “There, see? Those can be for his tears when he realizes his stuff is gone.”
They’re doing this. It’s happening, and he can’t really believe it even as Cas growls, “Dean,” snapping him back into the moment.
“He’s never seen it,” Gabriel says, mouth full of pie and voice garbled. He reaches out to take a large gulp of his hot chocolate. “Cassie hates the holidays.”
Castiel doesn’t stop, but he slows, and Dean catches up to him quickly. “What’s up, man? I know Gabriel’s singing is pretty horrible, but I thought I was doing alright.”
“Guess we’ll have to find out,” he replies, throwing his shirt to some corner of the room and grabbing Cas’ hand to yank him onto the bed. Cas’ weight lands on heavily on him with a grunt, and Dean loves this, loves that there are moments in his life where he can be overpowered and surrounded but feel safe instead of in fear for his life.
“Cas, stop, stop,” he manages to get out. Cas pulls off reluctantly and Dean bends at the waist to kiss him before he can say anything, sweeping his tongue through his mouth and tasting himself as he works to shove the heavy wool coat off of Cas’ shoulders.
Dean knows the Winchester means Bobby is done talking to him, so he directs his scowl to the ground and stomps back to the bench to begin pulling on his gear.
Gabriel whistles, low and long. “Wanna cut off a piece of some of that sexual tension and take it home?” he asks. “I’ve got doggie bags.”
Three hours later and they’re almost finished with the last game, listening to Chuck’s drunken rambling explanation of how the Florida offense can’t get over the blue line because of his and Sam’s defense. Dean’s finding it hard to focus, his head buzzing with the amount of alcohol he’d drank.
“Sure,” he says over his shoulder. He’s already out the door. No more alcohol for him tonight, looks like he’s fucked his head up enough for the weekend.
“What?” Dean asks urgently, and this time Chekov does jump off the couch, probably to go find Cas, who won’t launch him out of his comfortable resting positions. “Why? What happened?”
They’d watched three games tonight, and hopefully that would satisfy Bobby for the time being. They were part of the Winter Classic this year, a game that took place outdoors on New Years’ Day, and Dean knew Bobby really wanted to win. Especially since they were playing LA.
There’s a burst of laughter behind him, and Dean hopes for the sake of Sam’s hair length he’s not one of the ones laughing. This is why he’d wanted a normal date to begin with. It wasn’t just that he and Cas hadn’t had a chance to really do the relationship thing out of the spotlight yet, he doesn’t think Cas knows anything about dating, period. If Dean is going to be that experience for him, he doesn’t want to fuck him up by making him think all romantic outings involve dragging the hockey team around with them.
Whichever way you slice it, the team locker room is probably not the greatest place to ask your teammate if maybe he wanted to come over and suck cock later.
Cas’ facial expression does an interesting dance too subtle for Dean to follow, but it’s enough for him to worry he’s gone too far. He quickly schools his face into a carefree grin. “Just kidding, bud. I’m not that desperate.”
After that it’s mostly a blur, a mess of feelings Dean no longer has the capacity to comprehend. He and the girls trip their way down the hall to his room, and he manages to get his card out, remembers to get the privacy sign on the doorknob, or at least outside the door, telling Sammy to stay away. Tessa pushes him onto the bed and both of the girl’s climb on top of him, one kissing his neck as the other pulls of his pants, and there’s a mess of rolling, and groping, and gasps.
“I don’t like hiding,” Cas growls, and yeah, Dean knows he doesn’t. He feels like shit for it. But he can’t. He’s not ready.
Dean is unnaturally quiet while they wait for Charlie, and Castiel spends quite a few minutes waffling between whether he should talk or not. There are many things he could say – he has not gotten tired of hearing anything Dean has to talk about. But he is unsure why Dean is upset and doesn’t want to accidentally make it worse. It may just be that Dean doesn’t really want to talk to Castiel at all.
The Ma’lak box is a fuck up. It just pisses Jack off, loses Dean the element of surprise. He broke the kid’s trust, but he can’t let himself be upset about that, be distracted from what needs to be done. Chuck, the dramatic asshole, shows up at the final hour strumming his dumbass guitar, and Dean takes pleasure in smashing it to the floor, even if Chuck’s reaction is the first time he’s ever been scared by the neurotic little guy.
Hell, it even got him some proud words from dad. When all that was left to eat was a bowl of Fruit Loops and a packet of ramen seasoning with some Speghetti-o’s, Dean never complained, just poured the bowl of cereal for Sammy and choked down the artificially chicken-flavored soggy noodles. He never inconvenienced John by getting sick off of something he ate. “Kid’ll put anything in his mouth,” his dad used to say, awarding Dean a rare half smile.
Dean stuffs the photo inside his jacket and stands up quickly. “You’re fine,” he tells Cas. “I was being an asshole.”
All the sheet of paper says is, “You guys looked so cute, I figured you’d want to see it!” in a loopy handwriting Dean doesn’t recognize, but when he looks at the picture, he knows exactly who it’s from.
Castiel finally pulls himself away from Dean and turns to look at him. “What are we doing?” he frowns. “I have two hours left in my shift.”
That shuts Gabriel up. Balthazar silently mouths Bobby’s phrase at Sam, who only shrugs in response.
“It’s okay, Sam,” Cas says, giving as much of a smile as he can manage. “I’ll think about it, Jess. You do make it sound fun.”
that, Dean,” he says, exasperated at the interruption. “I meant they read more like an episode of Dr. Sexy than they do like
When the angel and Winchester managed to escape their realm for a second time, they couldn’t help but feel relieved they’d been left to their darkness once again.
“If it makes you feel any better Deano, none of us care that you like being Cassie’s kebab,” Gabriel rolls onto his back and hangs his head over the side of the bed to look at Dean. “I won’t even ask you how it feels. That's some self restraint right there.”
Sam’s brows furrow and the beginning of a frown (Dean silently labels it a pout in his head) begins to creep along his forehead. “There are still some things I need to look at here,” he tells Dean, tapping his pencil on the book in front of him. “If you’re really itching for a case, Cas said he got wind of a haunting about an hour or two south of here. Might not even be anything, he said it doesn’t sound too dangerous, but you could get a preemptive jump on it.”
Charlie aggressively tears off a piece of tape and efficiently applies it to the strangely shaped package she’s wrapping. Castiel will never understand why toy companies do this to them. Just make everything box shaped. “Are you kidding me? Dean was Mr. Grumpy. Still is actually. He only seems so happy because it’s Christmas, and because he’s good at pretending.”
Dean coughs, his cheeks flushing as he otherwise ignores the comment, hand moving to scratch the back of his neck. “Anyway, ‘round November Bobby contracts me for all the Christmas decorations the store does. You know, the windows, lights, the giant ornaments hanging from the ceiling,” he waves his hand as he begins leading Castiel through the maze of shelves. “Bobby mostly gives me free reign, and I’ve been doing this for years, sometimes I kinda…” he grins sheepishly. “Go overboard?”
He takes a shower, his headache making him unable to take the pounding of the water on the porcelain floor for more than a few minutes before he’s stumbling out. He’s dressed and considering whether he should order Sam breakfast or just grow a pair and go find the kid when the door pushes open and he walks in.
Cas purses his lips. “I was in Moscow with a teammate, and we had hailed a car. We agreed upon a price before the drive, but when we arrived the driver insisted he needed eleven extra rubles we did not have. He would not let us out of the car until we paid, so my teammate punched him.”
“I…” Castiel doesn’t know what to say, and he lets his not-sentence trail off as Dean leans even closer. His breath hitches and he goes almost cross eyed, trying to follow him, expecting to feel lips on his at any moment, but Dean is heading for another direction.
“S’fine,” Dean grunts, fingers tightening around the seat once again as feels the plane start to descend. He can almost imagine what the nose dive looks like. What kind of sane person enjoys this?
Cas glances at it. He supposes he should have known trees cost money, though he’s never thought about it before. His eyes widen at the price he sees, and he has his wallet out by the time Dean comes back.
“You know how it was between him and Benny?” And that is definitely Sam’s ‘so get this’ voice. “Benny is pretty great, and he’s a good leader, but Dean…he was born to be captain of this team, y’know? He doesn’t show it much, or anything, but he really cares about everybody and is always the first one to help.”
“C’mon,” Dean smiles, reaching over and grabbing the lube from the nightstand. It’s always been for Cas, but he’s been thinking about this for a while now, and his masculine hang ups aren’t worth it. Not with Cas. Dean thinks he’d be pretty proud to say he was fucked by such a bad ass, and everyone else could go suck a dick.
Gabriel snorts. “Who’s the one person on the team that would even talk to the media without being asked to?”
“Dean was telling me about Christmas,” Cas speaks up. His plate is empty. “I was not aware that I was invited, Sam, thank you.”
God, he sounds so much like John in that moment that Dean doesn’t know what to do, doesn’t want to turn from the window and look at him again. He takes a moment, until he’s sure it’s Sam, before he looks. Yup, same dumb, shaggy hair.
Castiel fumbles his glove off with clumsy fingers and shoves his hand into the pocket of his peacoat, pulling out a crumpled and worn scrap of paper. “I’m looking for Meg Masters,” he says, reading it. “She works in…” he squints at Gabriel’s messy handwriting, reads the word ‘butt’ and shoves the paper back into his pocket. “With toys, I think,” he finishes awkwardly.
“Yeah, like you. Castiel. Angel of Thursday, right?” Dean says. “Your name’s kinda weird, so I looked it up. Also learned that the suffix ‘tiel’ means of god, so when I call you Cas I’m butchering the meaning a bit.”
Anytime Dean had let himself vaguely think of how Cas would kiss, he’s pictured that time in the warehouse with Meg, what seems like a million years ago now, when Cas had backed her into the wall and shoved a hand into her hair and had taken everything he wanted. This was a little like that, and not at all.
The town Cas had told them to meet him in is called La Vista, just outside of Omaha and about a four hour drive from the bunker. Driving into town, they pass a Costco and a golf course before entering a neighborhood filled with ranch style homes.
Dean groans internally at the soft feminine voice, but it must not be internal as he thinks because Cas bucks him off his shoulder and sends him wobbling. Luckily the bar catches him next, and he slumps there. The pretty girl is here, smiling at Cas. “Did you get your drink?”
That gets him a scowl. “Sam did say you exhibited a certain fascination with Benny when he first joined the team.”
To be honest Dean hadn’t remembered himself, which means last night hit him much harder than he originally thought. Now that he tries to think about it, he’s not really sure how he got from his bedroom to the kitchen this morning. He’s not going to admit that to Sam though, because it’s going to mean lectures and protests about not being such an insensitive idiot. “Doesn’t matter, she’s gone now. But hey,” he grins suddenly around his onion ring. “Gave her something even better than an autograph, right?”
“After reviewing the play, the goal is inconclusive,” the suddenly loud voice of the ref on the TV says. “No goal.”
“Bobby said not to go up the ice, asshole,” Dean says when Balthazar makes it to the bench. Balthazar gives him a withering look.
“Anna is going back to school tomorrow,” Cas tells him. “I’m sure she has something planned with her friends.”
Charlie’s eyebrows fly up questioningly, an expression Dean takes comfort in because It means his boner for Cas isn’t glaringly obvious. “I’d probably approach it like I’d approach any other iced tea, Dean.”
Dean has to admit as he helps Charlie lay out the precut gingerbread cookies, icing and candy that he gets a lot more excited about decorating when he realizes that this is Cas’ first Christmas activity ever. Sam appears just as they’re starting their first cookies and, giant nerd that he is, eagerly jumps in without question, even though he protests loudly about the subject matter the entire time.
Dean wants to laugh, because that couldn’t be further from the truth. He wouldn’t know how to act sentimental if he tried. He could be defensive, he could be loyal, sometimes he could admit when someone other than Sam was important to him, but he’d never managed sentimentality. And the team was hardly unsuccessful.
“Hell of a win, boys!” Bobby announces as soon as they’re all gone, and that’s all he says before he disappears into his office with Rufus.
“Dude,” Sam says, keeping in step with Dean as they head off to the locker room, “Some of the guys are getting really pissed.”
“Charlie’s seen you looking at me,” he sing songs, only looking happier the more agitated Castiel gets. “I don’t blame you or nothin’ Cas. I’d look at me too.”
“You wanna bet?” Dean demands immediately. Cas makes a small noise of displeasure next to him but otherwise doesn’t do anything to stop Benny from coming at him in a headlock.
Dean’s stomach sinks, his hand jerking from Cas’ shoulder and curling into a fist. “We’re not gay,” he growls.
Castiel is trying his best to check this person out as quickly as possible, but it’s hard to do with Dean singing Wham loudly and off-key behind him.
Castiel is suddenly insanely jealous of Gabriel and his ability to disappear from their mother’s radar without a trace.
why,” until he finally just presses the end call button, leaving Sam to ask the universe his pointless questions.
“She was brunette,” he replies automatically, his look of superiority quickly switching to wide-eyed horror. “I mean, I assumed because Dean—,”
“I know,” Cas squints at him. “I’ll give the brother a call. Since this has been proven legitimate, I believe Crowley will join me again and you and Sam can return to your other cases.”
“Dean,” Sam says in frustration. “Cas is your best friend. You think maybe you should talk to him about this stuff?”
“Hi!” the women is dark haired, same as her husband and the kid. “Jesus, I’m usually only ever in here to buy Yankees shit for Father’s Day.”
“You know telling him that doesn’t make him love Christmas any less, right?” Sam asks. Castiel is beginning to suspect that he knows who this is. “Anyway, I’m Sam Winchester. You’re new here, aren’t you? What’s your name?”
Dating Cas was not one of those bad decisions. Hell, it was one of the best decisions Dean had ever made, even if it had forced him to not only completely reconsider his sexuality, but to become some kind of figurehead for the LGBTQ community in a world saturated with homophobic slurs and prejudice, all glazed over with a nice topping of hyper masculinity.
He sits in silence with her for a few moments, the girl shifting occasionally next to him and fiddling with his stick. The team’s starting to use this part of the ice now, so he knows they’ve all seen him and are wondering what the fuck they’re doing. He doesn’t care. He’s not sure what he’s doing here either, but he wants to do something.
Dean isn’t really even convinced it’s a case at all, but he feeds Sam the stupid excuse of needing a break from the angel tablet and hightails it out of there anyway, before Ezekiel can make an appearance and ask him where exactly he’s going.
Dean waits for the inevitable shoe to drop. It’s all so tentative, he feels like there are trip wires everywhere, and one small move could set one off, could rip a hole in his chest. He waits for Cas to leave, tries not to get too close to Cas because he’s sure he’ll be rejected. He doesn’t know what they’re doing anymore and can’t ask, not without risking whatever they’re doing right now, which may not be ideal but at least it’s safe. At least Cas is here.
Dean’s still standing awkwardly next to Anna, and thank god for Sammy, who says brightly, “I didn’t know you had a sister, Cas. She’s welcome to hang out up here if she wants.”
“Here,” Dean says, stepping over Chuck’s feet and handing Cas his glass. “What were we drinkin’ for?”
Dean storms away from him in disgust and into the locker room, ripping his gear off and shoving it into his locker, where the equipment guys will pick it up later. He listens to Bobby tell them what they did wrong, tell them what they liked, and then Dean’s expected to talk. But he can’t. All he can do is sit on the bench with his elbow on his knees, staring at the ground.
He heads off to the bathroom and closes the door sharply behind him, and Dean is left feeling embarrassed over ogling the guy right after he’d clearly called Dean a friend and the vague sense that he upset Cas, somehow. So he gathers up his clothes, shoving his jeans on and heading out of the apartment and upstairs to his own before Cas gets out of the shower.
“I believe it was a flirtation,” Cas corrects. Dean feels a hand brush against his knee and glances at Cas, but he’s busy paying attention to Benny. Must’ve been an accident.
The ride’s not as awkward as it could have been. Dean spends most of the time fielding questions from Cas on what you’re supposed to do on Thanksgiving, what the point of it is, and who Ellen and Jo are. He seems particularly interested in them, calling Jo Dean’s sister so often that Dean doesn’t bother to correct him after the first few times.
be covering Cas, he just really…doesn’t want to. Because even if this is a pickup game of pond hockey there’s inevitably going to be touching, and if Dean wants to get over this crush his body has decided to go with, he really should try not to indulge whatever fantasies are lurking in the back of his brain.
“No,” Bobby says gruffly. “Never even been here before. Arrived last night. I expect all you idiots to play nice and make him feel welcome, or there’ll be hell to pay, you hear me?”
“You can go to church here if you want,” he says, forcing his voice to sound as normal as possible. “I can help you find a place. But Sammy and me never really went as kids. We kinda dropped it.”
Dean’s stomach sinks when he and Cas get called back to their office. He feels like he’s being sent to the principal.
“Apparently not even awesome art,” Charlie exclaims, sliding her Uhra cookie next to Cas’. “Look at these two bad ass bitches!”
At the touch to his shoulder Dean springs from the chair, pulling Castiel with him. “So, you’ll go on a date with me?”
Dean’s stopped trying to fool himself. He’s having gay sex with Cas, and he likes gay sex. He likes the weight of Cas in his hand, he likes Cas’ mouth wrapped around his dick. There’s no way to get around those things, and frankly, he’s already exhausted himself trying. But he’s never been the one…intiating, before, and he can’t shake the feeling that doing so will cross some kind of line.
“Of course not,” Castiel says, patting him awkwardly on the back. He’s able to spare one more thought towards the constructed Christmas tree – was Dean responsible for that too? – before Gabriel is pulling back, and Castiel’s eyes are assaulted by his outfit. “Gabriel,” he says slowly. “What are you wearing?”
Castiel stops poking at his surprisingly tasty meatloaf and tilts his head. “Isn’t that a gun manufacturer?” he asks.
Dean’s not going to play this game though, especially not when he’s pretty sure he’s got his shit figured out and doesn’t need to be confused again. “I got some potatoes to peel,” he says, pointing towards the kitchen and backing away. “But y’all have fun.”
It is something Dean cannot touch, and Dean takes that realization hard. Cas was never his, and now he never will be.
After that it’s frantic, Cas scrambling to lube up his erection and Dean positioning himself over it, hands flat on Cas’ chest, before he sinks down slowly, muttering encouragement all the way as Cas gasps his name, his hands back on Dean’s hips.
Sam looks disgruntled by the whole exchange, and Dean can’t help feeling a little vindictively satisfied over the total lack of Kodak moment he was just forced to witness in light of his recent attempt to Get Dean to Do the Feelings Thing.
“Sam, shut up,” Dean says. “I wanted him to fight me. Maybe if the asshole had just punched me things would have ended better last night.”
“Are you looking for someone in particular?” Charlie’s shift ended at the same time as his, unfortunately for Castiel, who thought he had been doing a much better job searching for Dean than he actually was.
Dean’s happy Cas and Charlie are here, because he’s never surprised by anyone’s gifts anymore. Sam gets books, Bobby gets booze, Ellen gets kitchen shit that is sometimes related to booze, and Jo always ends up with more hockey gear than one person should have, even if they do play professionally. At least Charlie gets video games and movies, and a key shaped necklace from Jo that earns a loud squeal and an even longer kiss.
“When I was a kid my mom made me play a lot of sports,” Dean nods. “So, you know. I can touch my toes and all that shit.”
Dean’s a bit comforted to see that he raked in his usual too. Sam got him the newest season of Doctor Sexy that he carefully pretends to hate, and a new toy he lets Chekov take wherever the new toys disappear to. Bobby got him booze in return (“you’re only allowed to drink this for the next year,” he warns), Ellen tells him the two pies still in the fridge are his, and Jo and Charlie chipped in to buy him a bunch of glasses with the team logo engraved on them. “What, do I have to get married now too or something?” he asks.
Searing pain shoots through his left shoulder, and sound comes flooding back into his brain just in time for him to hear the loud smack of his own body against the boards.
Castiel feels himself loosen up quickly after that. Dean shows him how to unravel and straighten the lights, then how to wind them around the tree, laughing and kissing him on the cheek when Castiel ends up swearing in frustration. He takes over, and Castiel gets his own laugh when Dean runs his sap covered hands through his hair and causes the short strands to stick straight up.
Dean doesn’t really like Gordon. No one likes Gordon, but he’s not a bad defenseman, so he’s tolerated.
He’s not really convinced he’s drawn to her because of the Mark. Maybe this is just what his soul is. Dark, rotted absence.
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” He’s gonna kill Sam later. If he threw him out back Ellen’s seagulls would probably eat him, no one would ever know.
“Are we talking about Dean and his patent dislike for all things new and exciting again?” Gabriel complains, squeezing in between Sam and Dean at the bar. “Way to be twenty-seven going on sixty, Grandpa Winchester.” Catching Jo’s eye, he winks. “Fetch me a beer, sweetheart?”
Castiel gives him a minute, because, well. He’s never been very adept at the comforting thing. Gabriel always told him he’d rather be slapped repeatedly in the face with a wet towel then to have to suffer through Castiel’s awkward attempts at ‘bromotion’ as his brother liked to call them. But more than that, though Charlie had warned him Dean’s happiness with life was more an illusion of the holidays (and according to her, Castiel as well, though he refused to believe that) he still had failed to see Dean as anything but the shining light to his otherwise dreary existence.
“Okay, one,” Jo wheeze, trying to catch her breath, “Don’t call me that. Two, I’m bi, not gay. And three, I didn’t tell her anything, she totally came to that conclusion on her own.”
Even if Bobby hadn’t told them the restaurant dress code was business casual, Dean probably would have ended up putting on a suit. When he was younger, nobody, especially his dad, had ever told him hockey players would spend half their time in suits. Out to dinner, traveling, press events, during games you weren’t suited up to play in – he owned about five ties, which was five ties more than he had ever expected to own.
Except that he can’t shake the feeling that somehow, in some way, she’d be some kind of rebound sex.
Sam shrugs him off and Dean is forced to suffer the most awkward thing he’s ever witnessed as Sam moves his hands first to his lap, then to the bench beside him, then to his knee.
“Please tell your mother we said hello,” Cas tells him, the perfect picture of politeness. Not that Dean is buying it. He has no idea how no one’s called them out already, with Cas’ hair in the state it’s in.
an Italian word, that’s why it’s funny,” until eventually Cas is chuckling along with them, and Bobby is giving them all fond looks thinly disguised as grumpiness.
Cas acknowledges Dean’s comment by throwing the flannel on his side of the bed, then rolling over and resting his forehead on Dean’s shoulder.
Victor, who looked like he’d been dozing off, snaps to attention, eyes landing on Dean. Dean can’t help giving him a huge grin, not holding back on the happy because fuck it, and receives a punch in the arm as a response. “Ow!”
Dean winces. “Sorry man. I hear cops get a bad break. I’m, uh, a hockey player, so my time off can be kind of weird.” He knows he’s procrastinating what he actually came here to do by talking to this guy, but it’s not like he’s super invested in the conversation. He can leave anytime he spots a girl he likes.
“Question for you,” Dean says, so intensely casual it’s painful to hear. “You uh, you remember that conversation we had? About the prayers?”
His hand has been creeping down to Dean’s ass as one of his own hands has dropped its fistful of Cas’ coat and is threading up through his dark messy hair. Dean manages to knock the fedora of and finally get his hand buried into the soft strands at the same moment Cas has his ass fully cupped, and then to his surprise he’s being lifted to sit fully on the hood of the car.
Krushnic frowns and takes a minute step back. Dean stares at him, waiting for him to move more, but he just returns his stare steadily. Weird. Dean suddenly feels like he’s not in charge of this conversation anymore, and he doesn’t like it.
“Are you two looking into vouyerism already?” Balthazar leers. Surprisingly it’s Gabriel who throws a pillow at him.
Dean coughs, the better to deepen his voice, and gruffly says, “Fine. But just the one time, got it?”
“Hate to be the one to tell ya, man, but most of the time it’s just dinner.” Dean puts down the menu, which must be some kind of magical signal to Kate. “I’ll have a Blue Moon,” Dean tells her, glancing at Cas. “Cas?”
Dean raises and eyebrow at him and Castiel suppresses a smile as he moves onto the next tree. “This is Miss Douglas. How you doing miss? Sweet smelling, pretty color, and the softest body you’ll ever feel. Every American man’s dream.”
“Okay,” he agrees way too easily, and Dean spends the rest of the elevator ride expecting to be accosted with more talking, except Sam keeps miraculously quiet.
It seems to snap Dean out of his seething at least, although not in the way that Castiel had intended.
“Yes,” Cas nods, and then he smiles. “So if you are worried about anything, now you don’t have to be. Since we know it is not, it cannot be misconstrued as romantic. That’s what you said earlier, right?”
“No, no,” Dean says quickly. “This is fine – this is more your style anyway.” He grins suddenly, “So, you get to
“I’m not leaving here without you,” he threatens, and Cas, he is gratified to see, agrees to go home with him.
He feels Ash get up from the bench next to him, and then he’s over the wall and into the ice, immediately slamming into the first Winnipeg player he meets.
“What are you, some kind of illegal alien?” The guy’s face twists into something ugly as he takes a threatening but wavering step towards him. Dean stands up to stop him, feeling a perverse pleasure that he towers over the guy by a good few inches.
He hears Gabriel listing all the rides he wants to go on in the back of the bus, the list quickly cut off by Sam’s protest of, “but you’re not
Dean doesn’t know how to answer that. He’s not. He has no problem with gay people. He loves Jo and Charlie, wishes he had a relationship like them. He just knows it’s wrong for
“Yeah, Ellen mentioned they got way too big a shipment. I’ll have to convince her to switch flavors in a couple days, or we’ll be eating this until Christmas.”
The sick feeling in his stomach wells up into his throat, and if his shoulders were drawn any tighter he swears they might crack. “They can’t,” he manages to get out.
Dean’s not really sure how to explain it. Cas is regarding him curiously too, but he’s kind of at loss for words. He could try telling them what he had been repeating to himself the past few weeks – hockey players just aren’t gay. Hockey players were real men, real men had sex with women. Sex with another man was emasculating, weak, your opponents could sense it on the ice and suddenly when they called you a faggot, the worst insult you could throw at a guy, it would be true and they would
Cas ends up doing it on his own, because from the first moment Cas has his finger inside of him, Dean’s lost. He thought it’d be weird to have something inside him, invading him, and it is at first, but then it’s just Cas, and the hot burn of Cas’ calloused fingers stretching him open until a second finger joins, and then eventually a third. It feels so good Dean is pretty sure he could come like this, Cas opening him up with that reverent look on his face, but then something shifts, and Cas crooks his fingers, and Dean shouts.
Dean’s pretty familiar with that feeling, and the back of his throat always feels kind of sharp and jagged when he thinks about Cas feeling it too.
He can’t help feeling that it’s unfair, that he and Sam sacrificed so much for this stupid rock and all the people on it and none of the angels or God or even some backwater goddess can’t find it in themselves to give their father figure back to them. He gets angry at Cas for that too, that the last time Bobby ever saw Cas, Cas was being a colossal dick.
“Man, you ain’t seen nothing yet,” he grins, unraveling the new strand of lights and handing the end to Castiel. “See that plug right there? Pop it in.”
“Right. Anyway, Sammy was bored and I was tired of entertainin’ him, so I wandered off, and next thing I know this huge man’s got his giant arm around my shoulder, and he’s going, ‘kid, you wanna know the meaning to success? Play hard, get a pretty lady, and one day you’ll be just like me.’”
“Excuses, denial.” The Empty sighs and runs a hand up Billie’s scythe. “Remember Castiel, I know who you love.”
“Dean,” he says, so familiar he almost fools Dean into thinking he’s fine before he falls forward heavily to lean on his shoulder.
“Hang on,” Dean turns in his chair so violently that the legs scrape across the floor and cause Chekov to roll back onto his stomach. “Since when have you kissed guys?”
Krushnic actually fucking cracks a small smile when Dean is able to gesture out the resemblance to him through his laughter, and Sam pouts and refuses to talk until they sit down with their food.
“As for you,” Naomi continues, declining to give him thanks. “I’ve set up an interview for you with Michael’s law firm on the sixteenth. He informs me they need someone to perform clerical work, and that will be good enough for you until we can find something more suitable.”
“Why?” Dean asks, standing up smoothly with him. He catches the look on Castiel’s face and purses his lips. “It’s not the damn Christmas thing, is it?”
The leviathan rolls its eyes. Self-flagellation was the worst form of begging for forgiveness. This was beginning to sound like nothing but two men determined to think the worst of themselves. Not particularly entertaining.
“No, no!” Sam groans and runs a hand over his face. “God, I’m fucking this up. Lemme start over, alright? Has Dean ever told you anything about how we grew up? Our parents? Anything like that?”
Carver doesn’t look like anyone special. Brown hair, brown eyes, glasses. Kind of short. You’d never guess he was a multimillionare and the owner of one of the best hockey teams in the NHL. Edlund is almost exactly the opposite, with his long gray hair and lanky body. They make an interesting looking pair, with Carver seated in Bobby’s chair and Edlund standing beside him.
“Oh, that. You seem really interesting,” Dean shrugs. “I like you. Wanna get to know you better. You’re attractive. That’s really all you need, right?”
Cas chuckles against his neck, his cool breath skittering across the damp patch he’s sucked into Dean’s skin, making him shiver. “I’m very grateful for what it’s protecting,” he says quietly, and Dean’s got Cas’ strap off even faster than he had his own.
He knocks his alarm clock, a tissue box, and a paperback book he keeps telling himself he’s going to read off of his nightstand before he manages to find the phone without opening his eyes. Fumbling the thing clumsily with one hand, he swipes at the screen and brings it to his ear. “’Lo?” he says, wincing at the rusty sound of his voice. It hasn’t woken up yet either.
“My dad wasn’t into this whole LGBT thing,” Dean chuckles weakly. “Old man’s rolling over in his grave right now.”
“I want you to feel good,” he says sternly, eyes boring into Dean like he knows exactly what Dean is thinking. And fuck, he probably does. There are some times even Sam can’t read him as well as Cas can, and Dean’s not entirely sure that’s just due to him having an angelic advantage anymore.
Cas had to have felt it too, even as inexperienced as the guy was. Which means…Cas really didn’t like him in that way. At all. And the kiss was just a dumb kiss.
“I mean, Star Trek is pretty good, but you guys have to agree Star Wars was just done better, story-wise, right?”
“All things I’m able to acquire fairly easily by my own merit, especially when I take my shirt off.”
“You sat here first,” Dean says defensively, and he waits for Cas to jump up in disgust. But he doesn’t, just seems to relax more.
“I think we’ll all have to assume Gabriel’s comparisons come from his simple needs and not a place of sexism,” Balthazar nods.
Victor heads off first to get back to his team, then Benny mentions calling Andrea and he’s off too. Dean’s left alone with Sam again, who’s cleared his throat at least three times on the way up to the elevator and clearly wants Dean to ask him what’s up.
Dean almost thinks that was too harsh, but Krushnic seems unbothered, proving he really is heartless. “Even if you don’t want me, you do need me,” he points out, taking a careful sip of water.
It’s the old jealousy from when Jack first appeared rearing its ugly head again, but this time it’s worse. This time, Dean gave Cas the choice, and Cas didn’t choose him. He’s lost Cas to a half angel kid who, with Heaven’s help, is enslaving the planet. Dean’s logic says Jack needs to be gotten rid of. Cas’ love says that he can still be reasoned with. Their bond is breaking.
“S’ticklish,” Dean says, trying to buck him off (which just presents a whole new set of problems). “Don’t do it.”
“If you’d like we can talk about your sex, Sam,” Cas offers, and Dean lets out a surprised bark of laughter.
“Dean,” Cas says again, more insistent. His eyes are wide. “Dean please, you have to stop, we can’t –”
The breakfast bar in his kitchen is strewn with bottles of alcohol, some a lot emptier than others, and he’s busy trying to figure out if he wants to fill his glass with rum again or just go straight for the whiskey when there’s a knock on the door.
“I’m asking about this stuff because of Jo,” Charlie frowns. “I don’t want her life to become hard because of her relationship with me.”
He thinks he’s got a pretty good read on Krushnic though, and guy’s not a good liar. So when he scowls at Dean and says, “Why?” before sitting down anyway, Dean’s pretty sure he has no idea. Thank God for small favors.
“Not that I’m accusing you of anything,” he hurries to add. “I mean, it kind of tapered off, and I just assumed…but with Cas it’s kinda like you’re still there.”
you until there is nothing left but hunger and darkness and terror and then she’ll release you onto the earth so that Dean Winchester will have no choice but to hunt down her newest child, the monster with your face.”
“We believe the best thing to do is get ahead of it,” Carver says to both of them. “If we make the first move, we have the opportunity to control your image.”
Dean looks up to see that Cas finally seems to be comfortable with just coming into his apartment, since he’s now about two inches from Dean. This really isn’t helping him. “Uh, yeah,” he replies. “Just Sammy wanting to go Christmas shopping.” The next words are out of his mouth before he even has a chance to reel them in. “Wanna come?”
“You and Cas,” Sam repeats, and yup, that’s definitely his pissy voice, though Dean can’t really concentrate on that now based on the fact that his little brother, the person who knows him best in the world, thinks he’s dating Castiel Krushnic.
“Dean,” he says slowly, hesitantly, “if you…if you’re having trouble coming to terms with something you’ve done…”
The sound of the front door being slammed open echoes through the house, followed quickly by Bobby’s sarcastic, “Honey, I’m home!”
Dean stares down at his bed in disbelief, paused in the act of pulling his jeans over one leg, phone held to his ear with the other. Even the dog pauses his circling, looking up hopefully at Dean. He’s gotta be kidding right? “Uh. Yeah. I know that.”
“Dean,” Sam warns quietly under his breath, coming to a stop behind him. “This isn’t going to end well. Are we even going to get any practice done today?”
“I asked all you morons to stay, and ya did,” Bobby snaps. “We got some business to go over. End of the season is coming, need to discuss strategy for March.”
“Aye, aye, Captain!” Gabriel tries to salute with the hand his glass is in, sloshing more of the bright pink liquid all over the floor before he drags Cas away.
He’s not some sort of advocate, and sooner or later someone is gonna call him out for the fraud he is.
Rowena says that Jack can’t be fixed, and when he dies, Dean is genuinely devastated. That devastation is magnified by the heavy sorrow that hangs over Sam and Cas.
There’s a small group of kids gathered around Castiel, all listening pretty intently from what Dean can see. Cas has got a dead serious look on his face as he reads from some children’s book Dean has never heard of. There’s a little girl on his lap, and Dean can tell just by looking that she crawled up there on her own, with the way she’s captivated by Cas’ face. Dean knows the feeling.
Gabriel is barreling down the sidewalk, surprisingly adept at making the crowd get out of his way for how short he is. When he reaches them, he is out of breath, but looks as angry as Castiel has ever seen him. “What the hell is going on?”
“Why would you want Victor when you weren’t winning with him?” Cas asks, brow furrowed. He sounds genuinely confused by this conundrum. “With me, we will win.”
Dean ignores him, making another grab that catches him off balance. Luckily he catches himself on Cas, who gives a loud grunt at the impact of Dean’s elbow into his stomach.
Dean is a horrible patient. Sam tells him so when he calls in the morning, waking Dean from his surprisingly comfortable position on the floor. Whether or not the position has anything to do with Cas’ head resting on his chest is something he doesn’t want to contemplate.
“You deserve it,” Cas says matter-of-factly, looking down at him and smirking. “I will do it again when it needs to be done”
Even though Sammy’s still blabbing Cas’ ear off, he somehow maneuvers it so Dean’s sitting on Cas’ other side and not Gabriel. Dean’s not gonna worry about it – he’ll have to have a talk with the kid soon about not freaking out over every person he happens to be friendly with. ‘Course, Sam’s always been like that. Thinks Dean has a problem making new friends. In a few years, Cas won’t even be a big deal, just like Benny.
“Bisexual,” his brother shrugs. “Or incidental. I always figured you were a little further along on the Kinsey scale. Like a two?”
Bobby pulls Gabriel with two minutes left in the game so they can have an extra player on the ice, and they spend precious seconds getting the puck from Sam to Benny, so Benny can set them up on the Scorpions side of the ice.
“It’s Castiel now, huh?” he asks, raising an eyebrow. “You two exchange friendship bracelets or somethin’?”
That cold smell that Dean loves so much clings to Cas, along with something else he can’t out a name to, and Dean breaths in it, feeling the most comfortable he has all night. Suddenly he’s tired. “Where’s the girl?” he asks, nudging closer to Cas’ ear so he can hear him.
Dean’s been lucky enough to have belonged to the Chicago Cavalry since he was drafted eight years ago, same team as his younger brother, Sam. He doesn’t have to worry about contract negotiations until next season, and even then it’s not much to worry about.
“Dude,” Sam says, peering closer, “You’re really drunk, aren’t you? You’re so grumpy you’re almost back at sober.”
“I need a new one,” she speaks up. “But the wait list is long, and dad can’t really afford…” she trails off and shrugs. “Guess you know why Make A Wish came knockin’, huh?”
“I was talking about Jack,” the angel bites out before the leviathan can ask what the angel did to the Winchester’s mother.
Cas feels a smile tug at the corner of his mouth and glances at Dean. “If you’ve managed to build a tree, you sound more capable than an over-muscled superhero anyway.”
Dean stares down at the mess of egg, vegetable and meat in the pan. Sure, he can admit it. It hurts his pride that Cas didn’t want to kiss him. He’d wanted to have sex with the guy, after all, and that looked like it was out of the cards now. Cas didn’t find him attractive, so he’d probably have to live the rest of his life with ‘what if’ scenario popping up whenever he ran out of any spank bank material.
Except the game doesn’t become less aggressive, and the chirping Dean hears when he’s on the ice is getting nasty.
The apocalypse was no picnic either. Sam didn’t like how blasé Dean got about it at the end. “Me or Michael, doesn’t matter so long as the world doesn’t miss out on this face,” he’d grin at Sam, shoving fries in his mouth because what the heck, the world was ending.
He barely realizes that’s he’s leaning forward, practically halfway over the bar, when there’s a hand on his shoulder so familiar to him he almost hates himself for knowing the shape and weight of that hand. Almost.
Hell yeah he does. More claim than Gordon. But he’ll be fucked if a quote like that ends up in some paper. “Are you even going to the bar?”
Dean blinks at that thought. The uncharacteristic sappiness his brain is leaking is starting to make him sick. He shoves it down with another swallow of ground beef and cheese. “So? How is it?” he asks gruffly.
“Why does being the catcher matter?” Cas grumbles. “Gabriel is only the goaltender, and he could have run faster than that in all his gear.”
He hadn’t meant to call it their tree. It implied an acceptance of this relationship as a tangible thing, it implied an acceptance of Christmas.
Which is stupid. Stupid, because he only hisses, “We need to be going before somebody recognizes us,” before shoving Dean away to a reasonable distance again.
“Hey Cas!” Sam calls out as he unfolds himself from the Impala, and Cas looks up, squinting at them.
“Isn’t that what you are?” Sam mutters, and Dean all but pushes his brother out of the room, making sure the door is locked behind him. He hopes Cas has a key.
“Are you alright?” Dean actually looks concerned, and Castiel hopes to god it’s only because he’d suddenly walked away, and not because his face is betraying him with an expression he can’t even feel.
Castiel lifts his head, and the Leviathan is struck by the realization that they’re not so far apart in age, a sensation it’s not used to. The angel looks tired. He looks done. “I –” he opens his mouth and stops abruptly, his gaze focusing on something in the distance.
He flips through them with ease, having spent a lot of his childhood trying to get through a new pack Bobby bought before Sam so he could pick out the good ones (even though he usually just ended up giving them to Sam anyway). Zeke Brown, eight goals and ten assists, Isaac Yerzov, six goals and twelve assists, Bartholomew Latt, four….
“Hey, no,” Dean says immediately, voice almost gruff with how quickly he answers. “Don’t apologize.”
Cas is mad at him, he’s pretty sure. That or he’s finally decided he doesn’t want to deal with Dean anymore, which, you know. Dean’s surprised he lasted that long. ‘Course, not like he can tell one way or another, because he’d decided to avoid Cas until things had calmed down a little.
They’re all empty except for one attractive woman with flaming red hair. She’s standing outside a patient’s room and doesn’t look familiar at all, so Dean begins to pay more attention when the nurse stops in front of the door she’s closest to, gesturing at it. “He’s ready whenever,” he says cheerfully. “Thanks for the autograph!”
“Hey, it looks better than it did before he got beat up a couple of times,” Sam objects. “Michael Goodson rearranging his face with a stick really did him a favor.”
“I was talking about Jack,” Cas cuts across his words. “I’ve tried apologizing to you, you just refuse to hear it.”
“Dean recommended them to me,” Cas says. “I like them.” He pockets the phone and takes off for the house, brushing Dean’s arm with his as he goes. Sam sends Dean a questioning look, and Dean returns it with as much cluelessness as he can, shrugging his shoulders dramatically.
Damn. Dean wants to go to the Roadhouse. But he can practically feel Cas radiating something at him, so he doesn’t open his mouth.
“I think,” Cas muses, “that you are the most thoughtful, considerate being I’ve ever known in my years of existence, and that your consideration would extend to buying glittery lube to make me happy.” He turns his face and kisses Dean’s palm.
