“Sorry,” Sam says again. “I can’t give you anything. Not if you want to keep your liver.” And maybe Sam sounds a little like he’s reproaching Dean, which makes Dean feel even more like he’s a kid.
“Somewhere – anywhere!” Dean declares.
There are noises of protest from the Hunters and Angels, alike, angry at being cheated out of a free-for-all, but Dean raises a hand and shouts above the noise: “Bosses say yes or no!”
“Yeah, yeah. Taking it easy means bacon for breakfast, right?” Dean swings himself out of bed, dislodging Miracle, but the dog doesn’t seem to mind, just hops off and trots over to Sam, bumping into his long legs face-first. Sam can’t quite hide his smile, and he pats the top of Miracle’s head. “Hey,” Dean calls. “You fed him, right?”
“I knew he would have wanted me to. And I – I wanted to – to hurt Gordon for touching me – because I knew Al – ” Dean gasps through another choppy breath. “I was
Dean can hear murmuring in the apartment next door. His neighbor with all the dead plants is talking to herself. She’s not loud enough to hear specific words through the thin wall, barring an occasional burst of swearing and death-threats. She’s either in the middle of a very intense phone call at two o’clock in the morning or Dean’s lucky enough to live next to a total psycho.
“I told him to get the fuck off.” Dean swallows. “Told him I’d bash his teeth in if he touched me again. And he – smiled.” Alastair smiled with all his teeth, like a snarling animal stalking its prey. “He said I could say n-no. That I could always say no. But he couldn’t – couldn’t protect me if I – if I –”
Dean doesn’t have time to answer before Sammy’s back with the beers. He passes one to Dean and tosses one underhand to Benny. Dean pops the cap with his ring and listens to the satisfying sizzle of carbonation escaping through the opening. The bottle is slick with condensation in the muggy summer heat, and Dean presses the lip to his mouth, swallowing a couple slugs and relishing the cool slide down his throat.
Cas slides his window shut, and then races to the door. “Anna, I’m coming,” he says hastily. He fumbles for the lock, and then pulls the door open.
Instead, he punches in Sam’s number and puts his phone to his ear. He starts yelling as soon as the ringtone ends with Sam’s answering machine. “Dammit, Sam! Where the fuck are you? Call me back, you bastard!”
Cas isn’t dead. But Mom is.
“I apologize,” Cas says easily. “People often complain that I sneak up on them.”
. He wants to ask her why she’s being so forthcoming, but she’s not done yet.
sign in the front yard, swaying slightly in the breeze. The lawn could do with some mowing, and the bushes out front should be trimmed, but, over all, it’s a pretty place, and Cas smiles.
Sam’s been running with the Hunters long enough to know the Angels. He even recognizes some of their faces from here: there’s Michael Nova in the front of the pack, and, just behind him, his brother Luca. Sam suppresses a shiver down his spine; Luca Nova has always given him the creeps. Maybe it’s the steely glint in his eyes, or the particularly ruthless way Sam’s seen him aim a kick at a guy’s kidneys when he’s already down.
“Jesus, Winchester,” Meg rolls her eyes. “I thought last night was your first date. You’re fighting already?”
“Then the judge is a stupid piece of shit,” Charlie says certainly.
Cas mentioned that the last time he saw Alfie, other than over Facebook, the kid was in high school. Even though the kid must be in his mid- to late-twenties now, he still looks like a teenybopper. He’s all wide-eyed and chubby-cheeked liked a Valentine’s day cherub.
And good. Good. Dean hoped he was dead.
He was supposed to drop off his court documents with Mick Thursday afternoon, but Dean forgot to fill them out yesterday. He’d meant to ask Sammy to go over them with him on Wednesday morning, but Sam obviously rushed off before Dean got a chance.
“Yeah?” Dean says. He waits. Benny doesn’t elaborate. Dean shoots his raised eyebrows to Sam, but apparently mum’s the fucking word, cause the kid doesn’t make a sound, either. “The other guys around?” Dean guesses.
Cas is still standing against the wall, eyeing Miracle warily. And it looks like Cas. He’s rumpled and tired as he always looks. Hair mussed and – God – breathing steadily. Dean can see the rise and fall of his chest.
drinks. And he’s only had his hand down one girl’s shirt. Hasn’t even gone all the way, yet.
“White male. 32 years old. Approximately 200 pounds. Head trauma. Severely distressed. Heart rate is 210. Blood pressure 180 over 90. Received five milligrams diazepam.”
“Excellent,” Charlene beams. She claps her hands. “Please, join me for lunch. When do you get off?”
Micah, on the other hand, is whisper quiet, apt to fade into the background if not given careful attention; Dean’s found him hiding in the corner of a room more than once, and each time feels like someone’s reached into his chest and snapped off one of his ribs. Micah’s scared of everything and dissolves into silent tears at the drop of the hat. He loves fluffy things; Miracle has adopted him as his second charge. And Micah never lets go if he can help it: holds tight to his blanket, to Cas, to Dean, to his sister.
Dean was still hard. Still hard from the girl, and he stayed hard, when the guy stuck his tongue into Dean’s mouth, forced apart his teeth, clamped his lips tight over Dean’s. It was just like kissing a girl, really. Exactly the same: all soft lips, warm saliva. Except the hand in Dean’s hair was larger, rougher. The tang of Old Spice was sharp in his nose.
“Fucking hardcore bouncer bees,” Dean mutters.
, a small, sinister voice whispers, and Dean knows it’s right.
“Sam –”
? You can’t say no to an artist when they ask you to look at their newly finished piece.
Dean calls Emma over for her snack, and she’s dropping her stick and running as soon as she sees the grapes in Dean’s hands.
Under his palm, Cas can feel the steady rise and fall of Dean’s belly as he breathes. Soon enough, Dean’s head droops onto Cas’s lap and he falls asleep like that. And Cas doesn’t let him go. For now, this can be enough.
“I don’t understand that reference,” Cas replies.
“Yeah,” Dean says again. He doesn’t know what else to say. He thinks about what Mom would have said, if she’d known she was going to be a freaking grandmother. She’d probably say how it made her feel old, and Dean wants to smile about that, he does, but there’s something blocking his throat.
“Clearly something is wrong,” Cas says. He sounds upset. His face hovers above Dean’s, obstructing his view of the ceiling. “Can I get you something? Water?”
number, because I cannot believe we haven’t exchanged yet. And while I’m at it, I’ll add you to the building group text. That way you’ll be up to date on all the out of order washing machines and snow removal crap.”
They make it a half an hour before Cas pulls over, gets out of his seat, and comes around to Dean’s side.
“Do you feel pressured to have sex with him?”
“Soon as they find the – the bodies,” Chuck stumbles over the word. “The cops are gonna be swarming this block.”
Cas is on his feet in a flash, returning before Dean can miss him with a rattling pill bottle and a glass of water. Dean’s fingers are shaking; he’s glad when Cas tips out the small blue tablet into the bottle cap for him. Dean levers himself up on his elbow, pops the pill immediately and sucks down a few sips of water. Then he collapses back onto the couch, covers his face with his arm, and waits for it to take effect.
Emma just frowns at him and makes a formless wine of frustration.
“Wanting to have sex with someone you’re attracted to – especially someone who makes you feel valued and comfortable – that’s not an inappropriate response,” Billie continues. “In fact, it’s very normal. But her response? Encouraging any kind of physical contact between the two of you, when she was an adult and you were a child –”
“Fuck off,” Dean groans. He shifts, wanting to turn onto his side, but bile leaps into his throat and,
Dean’s stomach does that strange little wobble again. But it’s cruel, unspeakably cruel if Dean leaves Cas with hope. It’s not fair to ask Cas to wait for him. That’s like – that’s like chick-flick bullshit to the max. Dean cannot actually be that selfish.
“They – they lost you once on the table.”
It’s Sam’s emotion, more than anything else, that makes Dean overflow. He closes his eyes tight. He tucks his head into his arms. He curls over the steering wheel. He breathes a long, shuddering breath, and he’s crying.
“Luca’s the one that gave your brother that shiner,” Benny says.
“Okay,” Billie says neutrally.
He knows that fucking his twelfth-grade social studies teacher made him understand that sex was a tool. That he wouldn’t give it away for free again. Because sex was a transaction. Ms. Davis traded pretty lies about his essays, told him she’d help him apply for college, said his dreams mattered, convinced him that with a good enough education he could make enough money to get away with Sammy, just if he wouldn’t move, wouldn’t make a sound –
“There’s this – this thing in prison called getting turned out,” Dean says cautiously, working each word around in his mouth first so he doesn’t falter. “It’s, um, it’s when an inmate makes another inmate – you know. Turns him into his,”
“That medicine?” she inquires. She’s wearing purple footie pajamas with a unicorn horn attached to the hood. She’s really damn cute. The sight sends a crescendo of despair through Dean’s chest. Dean’s never going to see his daughter like this. He’s never going to be able to read her a bedtime story. Never going to be able to make chocolate chip pancakes for her in the morning –
“You’re lucky I didn’t use my super-secret ninja skills,” Charlie says direly. “I could have crushed your head between my thighs in two seconds flat.”
“Messed up,” Sam tells Cas sadly.
“Okay, just hang on. I’m getting into my car now. I can be there in 15 minutes, right?”
“Alright,” Lydia echoes.
“Oh.”
Cas is crying. Slow, plump tears spilling from his baby blue eyes, and Dean made him cry. Dean killed his brother and made Castiel cry.
“You shook on it,” Dean points out gleefully.
okay?”
“Because you and Cas are…” clearly the kid’s having difficulties finding the right word. It’s a comfort, at least, to know Dean has that in common with someone. “So that would make you my stepfather?” Jack says.
“Dean,” says Cas gently.
she keeps signing.
“No,” Dean says at once. He’s okay. He’s fine. He can’t remember how he got here. He doesn’t know what time it is. But he’s fine. He’s pretty sure he’s sober – he feels weird and half-present and heavy-limbed, but he doesn’t think – he doesn’t know – “I’m good. Thanks. Can I – will you get me a pack of those Marlboros?”
“Yeah?” Dean says, raising his eyebrow, and he busies himself with scooping chocolate powder into the warming milk. “Well so is hot chocolate. So, get your ass in here and help me find those mini marshmallows I bought.”
“Dean –” Cas comes after him. Dean hears the soft tread of his feet on the carpeted floor. And Dean can’t look at him. He can’t see the unbearable blue of his eyes. The soft pinkness of his lips. The way his dark hair falls in gentle strands across his forehead.
“Mmh, second hand coffee in the morning,” Eileen says with a cheeky grin. “What did I do to deserve you?”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll be the jug of that,” Charlie says. She, too, is equipped with a plastic bag. She rustles inside until she pulls out a bag of throat lozenges. “Suck on that. It sounds like you swallowed a cheese grater.”
The fighting and the turf wars, that’s not the appeal of being a Hunter, not in Sam’s books; it’s the camaraderie. It’s a family. Somewhere to belong.
It’s all so stupidly exhausting just to think about it that Dean falls back onto the pillows, tries so hard to swallow back the lump in his throat.
Dean’s back to being a stammering, blushing mess. “What? No. Nothing happened last – it’s fine.”
, Dean keeps rambling inside his own head, even though this is something he’d never say out loud.
Unfair. Fucking unfair? What kind of a pansy-ass wimp is he to whine about how fucking unfair his life is?
Dean breathes before answering. “I know.”
Sam doesn’t exactly look convinced, but he doesn’t say anything else when Eileen puts a hand on his arm and gives him a pointed look. She’s been good for him; Sam’s always had a level head about everything except Dean, but Eileen makes him steadier.
Unbidden, Dean thinks about crossroads and buried boxes, but Cas
“Hi!” Charlie says. “I’m Charlie. This is Dean.”
“Who’s Emma?”
“Great,” Dean says. “You got all your stuff?”
“I obviously can’t force you to bring Dean to a facility,” Dr. Jorgensen says that afternoon. He’s speaking to Cas and Sam across his desk. His fingers are teepeed in front of his chin. “That will be a decision between yourselves and Dean, but I do strongly recommend it. Dean could very easily spiral toward another suicide attempt if you don’t take psychiatric intervention seriously.
“My name is Missouri. I’m your nurse, Dean,” she talks softly as she works around him. “Okay, Dean.” Missouri finishes, and the last restraint slides away from around his chest. It’s like Dean’s ribs are finally given permission to fully expand. “There you go, sweetheart.”
He’s crying. It’s the kind of frantic, uncontrollable sobs that comes from little kids when they’ve been frightened by something they don’t understand. It’s hardly any tears, just huge, stuttering gulps of air that can’t fully inflate his lungs.
But Cas is wrong. Dean sure as shit isn’t
“Mmh,” Dean nods. He hooks a chair with his ankle and sits down. Jack looks a little taken aback at the company, but he doesn’t complain. “With great power comes great responsibility.”
“Yo, Deano,” Gabe says. A small crease forms on the bridge of his nose. He snaps his fingers twice in front of Dean’s face, and Dean flinches. “What are you
“Get off me,” Dean says roughly, even though they aren’t touching anymore. Cas draws back, shrinks into himself like Dean yelled at him.
But Cas seems entirely nonplussed by it, like he’s nonplussed by basically everything, but it occurs to Dean that he must be used to this. It’s what he grew up with, after all. Cas has always been so comfortable in his tiny, messy studio at Gabe’s, in his baggy, paint-smudged clothes, and it throws Dean to think of him as a rich kid. Yeah, he has his douchebag car, but even that is more like a sad accident then any meaningful extension of his personality.
Castiel was proud of Mam and her cheeses and he suspected it was evident in his voice. They didn’t run a dairy farm, but she made the cheese for their family and a few for Castiel to sell on market days. She also worked in the cheese-making part of the Miller’s dairy farm.
"Gladly." Within seconds, Cas had Dean's pants undone and was slipping two fingers inside him. "Oh, God, Dean, you're so wet, baby."
! And as soon as he walked in, there were more men behind him. All of them in-in the... costumes. And before I could explain there had been some sort of mistake, one of them pulled a flap on the front of his costume and... and he... he-he—”
“You could hold his hand,” Dean says, half joking, but the look Bobby gives him is serious.
"Dean, there's something I should—"
“Oh, thank you, Dean. I will send you the address. Oh, and Dean? When you get here, whatever is happening, if I do something that seems strange, just go with it, all right? I’ve got my reasons.”
“You insulted him. Insulted me to him. Accused him of only being with me because of my trust fund....” Cas’s eyes had been wild, but suddenly he drooped. “And then you punched him in the face. He was so angry, he didn’t even want me to stay in the emergency room with him. He dumped me in the patient drop-off of the ER and told me never to contact him again.” Now Cas’s eyes met Dean’s. “So, if you can’t apologize, at least tell me
Sam looked surprised by the question. “I don’t, um. It’s just... not you.”
ago!”
Cas sighed with his eyes closed and drank a long swallow of his beer. “The most baffling thing wasn’t the drum, anyway. It was his... attire. He was wearing... Dean, he was dressed like....” Cas looked unable to go on, staring at Dean with eyes that pleaded not to make him say it out loud.
“How about this?” Cas lifted up a stool.
So far, Dean was doing okay with the chores. Milking was all right and he could get the hang of carpentry. He wasn’t sure what else he was going to have to do, but he knew he was going to do his best to get it all done. He liked this place so far. At juvie people had always looked at him like a criminal and treated him like dirt, until he had started to believe it. Here people treated him like he was a person. Maybe he’d start believe that instead.
If anything, Cas’s scowl grew a hundredfold in ferocity. “If you ever speak of yourself like that again, Dean Winchester I will smite you and bring you back over and over until you’ve learned your lesson. Do I make myself clear?”
"Of course, Dean. Whatever you need."
“Now, birthday boy, which one of us do you wanna lick frosting off of, hm?” the waiter asked.
Dean doesn't know his new roommate very well. Tonight, that's gonna change.
So they headed to a housewares store while they waited for Bobby to arrive. Dean started to grab the cheap plastic ones he saw first, but Sam got distracted  by some funny ones and made Dean keep looking. Cas wasn’t really participating and Dean and Sam started arguing good naturedly about a few sets.
The first thing he decided to do was speak with Jacob about making Sam’s visits a semi-regular occurrence. Then he realized that this was something that need not be a surprise. It was a thing he could tell Dean about now, to hopefully make him feel better.
. Kinda hard to take a bath otherwise, dude.”
Cas rescued his flailing mind by saying, “I went to a bookstore today. They sold mostly used books, so I was able to get quite a few. I got one for Sam, actually,” he said, walking to the living room to grab it. He held it out to Dean. “Do you think he’ll like it?”
Cas glanced up from his financial task and stared at Dean with a confused frown. “Oh? In what way am I different?”
Once they were all inside the car and buckled in, Sam asked, “So who is Cas and how come he gets to ride up front?”
♫"And I really liked his spirit!"♪ - Concrete Blonde, Ghost of a Texas Ladies' Man
Cas also started doing his best not to read Dean’s mind after he’d picked up the Anna breakup, but failed to pick up Dean’s freak out over the sex harassment policy—and got burned again. From then on he’d stopped allowing other people’s thoughts in during work hours, unless he needed to in order to help himself with work. Then he’d foolishly let his guard down during that meeting and been charmed all over again by Dean’s inner monologue. He’d secretly liked him the whole time, just because he knew Dean was really a nice guy and he’d seen him with other people. Still, he’d kept up the pretense because who was he kidding? Dean would find out about his abilities and hate him, right?
“You made soap?”
“Forget it, it was a stupid—”
The next morning, Dean hurried through his first few items of necessary business and then posed the question—via IM, since it seemed MindReader74 was logged in—that had been on his mind all night long.
Dean sincerely doubted that, but at least Cas hadn’t suspected it was him specifically that was getting Dean’s motor revving. It only got worse when they went outside to meet Ava and Cas walked slightly ahead, giving Dean a full view of his perfect ass and sculpted back.
Nothing more than curiosity yet, which Cas took as a good sign.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Easy there, tiger,” said a slightly southern voice from Cas’s left. “I don’t think the librarian was trying to offend you, Jones. He was just quoting the book you picked out.” Cas’s broad shouldered savior nodded at the copy of
looking as opposed to looking, but still. He could tell Dean was feeling weird about being naked. And he was being supportive too, which, yeah... damn Cas anyway.
I got a manuscript sent off to the publishers today, so please send me ALLLLLLL your good vibes that they want to publish it (and that it will sell a lot!) Thanks in advance ;) Love me? I love you ♥
“I thought you found me on the Subway,” Sam asked in a voice still muffled by the table.
like that. Sounds like you were a pretty brave kid,” Dean said, slowly tracing over the scars themselves.
“Ha! So you admit it!”
“Say what now?”
"Dean," Cas breathed. "I'm afraid my human form doesn't have much stamina. I won't last long."
: Technically, Cas and Dean are underage in this fic. They are both basically living as adults, but if their chronological age squicks you, you might want to skip the end of this chapter.
“Hot bath it is,” she groaned, stepping out of her shorts.
Dean was surprised by the tug of want he felt at the idea of being the one bossing Cas around for once. He’d have said, if asked, that he enjoyed subbing too much to ever try to Dom, but his body made him a liar. He thought it could be hot to be the one giving the orders for a change. Not forever, but just for a little while.
I know some of you are emotionally compromised. Destiel is forever. Some fan fiction, whether it's called Twist and Shout by (I forget who wrote it) or Carry On by Andrew Dabb, is designed to fuck you up. But what you do then is, you just go read a different fan fiction. Like this one.
"No! Of course not. I wanted to be off with you—and I will be actually on your next off day—but a few days ago, they needed me for a shift and I still didn't have it all."
So Cas called Gabriel and told him they would be heading out as soon as they were finished eating. Gabriel was glad to hear it and said he couldn’t wait. Castiel hung up with a smile on his face.
Leave it to Bobby to guess that there was something between them the very first day. Dean had noticed him acting weird that first night, but Bobby hadn’t said anything until the next night, when Sam had Cas occupied with a discussion about a book. Bobby cornered Dean outside and put him through one of the most embarrassing conversations of his life.
He answered by kissing Cas until they both forgot their lips had ever been apart.
“Kid, you two need some time. We can come back later.” Bobby’s voice was kind but firm.
Hey, do you know what today is? It's unbeta'd chapter day! Woohoo!! Wooo! Woo. Heh. No,  but hopefully there aren't too many typos. I found the badonk at least ;)
Castiel—when he trusted no one else—but he praised Castiel and told him that what Castiel did everyday was brave. Castiel knew he had to get out and away. He had seized on the eggs as a likely sounding excuse to leave.
Cas growled and captured Dean's mouth again. His hands started to explore, but before long, he pulled out of the kiss with a frustrated groan.
“Cas, that’s...  thanks, man. Sam likes them, too. And you. A lot. Me, um...  me, too. I like them and, uh, and you.” He stood up from his chair and moved toward Castiel.
“You wanna head into the bedroom?”
“Shut up, you know I applied in Sam’s name,” Mary said without missing a beat.
Before Sam could continue, Dean nodded toward where Cas was walking toward the dorm for lunch. “Let’s leave it, okay? He’s on his way back. Help me plate up lunch.”
“Because if you knew and didn’t tell us,” Mary explained, “then that’s a lot different than Dean trying to get us to open our eyes. That’s you letting him do it.”
Dean blinked. “Yeah?” he asked breathlessly, unsure why the air was now so electrically charged and thick.
“—man, just come back, okay?” Sam said.
“Oh, I don’t... Um, my brother is living with me right now, but I’m not, like, married or anything.”
“What? No, Castiel, I’m... man, I’m thrilled to hear from you! I just, you know, I’ve been sending my number a long time and... I had kinda given up, honestly.”
“You’re not mad?”
Lucifer himself couldn’t have stopped Dean from finally,
Dean's having an extremely hard day. Then Cas arrives and it gets even harder.
“Yes, I thought so, too. I actually thought I would give it to Sam when I’m done. He expressed an interest in pirates during one of our conversations. You can read it first, if you like,” Cas offered.
Dean soothed him back down. “Yeah, Cas, it was perfect.”
On Friday, however, Cas got a surprise. Finding out that Dean had been left a parcel of land and intended to turn it into a farm for the two of them... it was like suddenly finding a parka just before a blizzard. For the first time it felt like Castiel did not have to choose between his way of life and his love. He hadn't made a final decision, but he was close to it. He was almost certain that he was going to choose Dean. He did not believe he would regret it.
He hopped up and walked to the bathroom, peeling off his condom as he went. He tied it off and dropped it into the can by the sink, then pulled a hand towel from the stack on the shelf. He ran the water until it was warm and dipped the towel under it, willing his legs to stop shaking. He took advantage of the bottle of mouthwash and reflected on the mind-blowing sex he’d just had. Dean had been amazing and Cas knew he would have to work hard not to fall for him too quickly. He rinsed his mouth, turned off the tap and headed back to the bedroom.
“Hell, yeah!” he answered with a grin, running down the steps to greet the wagon. They were half way up the road to get Sam before Dean even realized he’d cussed again.
Gently it swung back and forth for a moment, getting longer and longer until the tip touched Cas' face. A fingertip of angelic energy gently caressed the angel's cheek, moving up to his hair and through the dark strands.
“Hello Dean.”
“You don't like them, don't you,” I asked, grabbing some of the cookies I had stored for my writing session.
“Christmas, yeah, that's a thing to start at. I thought about that skating area in front of the Rockefeller Building in New York. You know, where the great tree is. I don't know if Cas can skate on ice, but I can and afterwards, I would love to go for a walk in snwoy Central Park, listening to Carol Singers, while drinking a mug of hot eggnog. I want to have one of that big scarfs wrapped around me and when we come back to our room in the hotel or wherever, we are frozen with red noses and ears.”
"Sam knows that you'll be indisposed today and suggested to research alone ... therefor you owed him a meal!" Again the amused smile sounded through the darkness.
Dean stared at the wall, stared at the floor.
For a brief moment there was silence on the other side and Dean was afraid Cas had hung up, but then he heard the angel take a deep breath.
"What are you doing to me?" Whispered Dean. He leaned his forehead against Cas, his hand still on his tie. Cas looked for Dean's mouth, breathing a kiss on his lips while pulling Dean close.
"Tell me," he breathed in a deep voice. Cas wanted him to beg, begging to release him.
A feeling of excitement floated through Dean, when he saw Cas climbing out of the car. The Angel was smiling relaxed and when he realized that Dean was watching him, his smile got even wider.
"Damn it, let me go" he gasped and pulled the silk scarves that now drastic allyrubbed into his wrists.
Dean waited for the moment that Ashton Kutcher would jump out of the closet and shouted "Punk'd" loudly, because what was happening before his eyes could only be a prank. But neither the closet door opened, nor did Sam and Castiel start to laugh.
A shop with taped windows, where computer junkies stared at their screens for nights on end, maneuvering little men through a fake world. They only ate chips and coke or, if it should be healthier, a pizza with lots of cheese. That the online fight against demons and monsters would suddenly become reality, none of the nerds had expected. And that there were no extra levels in real life became clear very quickly.
“Welcome back,” Sam greeted, taking the heavy bag his Mary was carrying, “how was the hunt?”
"Seems so..."
"He looks so delicate," it flashed through Dean's mind, "like caramel-coloured velvet." The tendrils of grace still played with Cas nipples, twisting the dark bud with light pressure. Dean felt the jeans tighten around his crotch. The sight shot from his iris straight into his loins, making his penis throb in his pants. Cas had closed his eyes, no longer seeming to be aware of Dean's presence. What if he just leave? Tomorrow, he could blame everything he experienced on the alcohol or keep it quiet until it was just a funny anecdote. Dean looked at the door, the stairs, the hallway and then his gaze slipped back to Cas without moving a millimeter from the stool and the realization struck, punching him right in the stomach. He could walk, but did he want to? Dean was afraid to answer this question, but all the parts of his body between neck and testicles took the decision away. His throat was dry, his heart was pounding in his chest, his stomach was rumbling, and his sanctum sanctorum had less and less room in his jeans. And all because of Cas. Because of the fallen angel that lay before him and his power with which he could kill demons and monsters, used to send himself to Oblivion.
“No.... I don't really know how I should call it. It's probably not an idea at all. More some kind of weird feeling.”
Dean got down on his knees and squatted on his heels, carelessly putting the bottle of whiskey on the floor.
“Yeah, burning out eyes is way more classy,” Dean mocked, grabbing Cas' hand, when the angel wanted to move past him to enter the house.
"Sam will have to hold his ears, Dean," Cas breathed as he ran his tongue around Dean's pinna. Sam?! Right, his brother was still in the bunker, hopefully asleep. Nervously, Dean pulled the lumberjack shirt off his shoulders, trying to get out of his shoes at the same time, which made Cas laugh. With the snap of his fingers, the clothes lay neatly folded on the floor. Cas slipped off the table top, spun around with Dean and pressed the hunter against the table. Dean grabbed the edge of the table, slipped with his bare bottom onto the amazingly warm underlay. The pale lamps had warmed the glass plate on which the continents of the earth were marked. Dean slid further back until he lay in the middle of the table. His gaze went briefly to the stairs leading up the long wall to the exit.
“Hmm... can you be a little more precise.”
"Too loud......" she croaked shrill and the dark figure shivered at the words.
“What, no kiss for the waiting husband?” He pouted, pulling Cas close to him.
"I think shredding is enough here."
Cas entered the room and fall silent immediately when he saw Dean's surprise. The room was painted in a beautiful warm white, new curtains were hnging at the opened windows and in the middle of the room stood... an old but whole piano in a shiny black.
“Maybe. I'm just sorting some ideas, I don't want to forget. Interested in?”
"Relax," repeated Cas. He had already turned off the pot and began with gentle movements to spread the warm oil on Dean's body. With circular motions he traced over his chest, circling around the small dark nipples and then his sternum up to his neck. With relish, Castiel distributed the oil on his shoulders and arms, then ran his finger down his sides to his pelvic bone. Dean had closed his eyes, his head was slightly fallen back. Warm and soft touches, sometimes fleeting as a butterfly, sometimes vigorously and intense.
Dean had run into him in the hospice lounge. A young man, tall, handsome, his long reddish hair knotted at the back of his head. Dean had thought he was looking at a visitor. A grandson visiting grandma or someone who had a parent lying here.
Cas lay before him in all its glory. Grace had wound itself like a snake around his erected shaft, contracting slowly and evenly. Drops of pleasure poured out, dripping in long streaks onto Cas' stomach. Cas began to writhe under the caresses. His hands had grasped the trench coat that was still underneath him and whenever his grace ran over his glans or softly tinkled at the small slit, his fingers clawed into the fabric. Dean let his gaze wander over Castiel's body, up his strong thighs to the prominent hip bones and his belly, under whose skin his muscles stood out. Thousands of thoughts flashed through Dean's mind as he stood beside the table and slowly unzipped his own pants. His cock acknowledged the release from the narrow jeans dungeon with a grateful leap. Slowly Cas began to move his pelvis, raising and lowering it slightly in time with the grace that had closed tighter around his shaft.
He rested a moment, inspecting the perfect creation in front of him. Then he got up, climbed with a quick movement off the bed and went to the cupboard. Dean looked after him restlessly. For the first time he was able to look at the back of him. The muscles of his shoulders, the taned skin, the trained body. Cas felt the eyes on his back and he knew that Dean looked and just imagined how he would caress his ass or even pound into his tightness. But that has to wait. With a smile, he took a candle, which was located in a silvery pot, similar to a scented candle. Then he went back to the bed, climbed on the mattress and sat down on Dean's thighs, considered not to touch his aroused cock. Dean watched the candle in Cas hand, the wax had melted already to a clear, golden liquid which smelled like bewitching vanilla. Dean watched the spectacle and wondered even more what it would intend. He was able to combine, but he did not like the result. Candle wax was hot and he did not want to have this on his body.
“Sometimes even we have a bit luck in live. And honestly, I think, we have earned it to be happy. Even if it is just for a while.”
He had felt the fleeting touch of a hand, but he had dismissed it for a dream and calmly slept on, But now he was awake, staring into the darkness in front of him. Something had woken him up. A gentle voice had whispered his name.
“Oh that's good. I like people who are able to think.”
"And I want to hear you. I want you to moan, to scream out my name, when I push you over the edge." At the last he added a little twist with his hand and Cas drew in a sharp breath as he felt him so tight around his arousal. Gasping and with his eyes closed he bucked his hips, lusted after these touches that drove him closer to his own release. Cas was about to protest when Dean withdrew his hand. But when he noticed that Dean got up, moved between his legs, he willing opened up for him. Dean lifted Cas butt a bit and pushed into the tight opening. Cas moaned, closing his eyes. With every stroke Dean made, he clenched his jaws, dugging his fingers into the blanket.
"Yes, that's it, Cas... oh God, that's so good...hmmm", the words just gushed out of Dean as an outlet for the incredible feelings that were flowing around his body. Cas had increased his speed, rode Dean like a stallion who still had to be taught manners, moaning his lust unabashedly into the cool air of the bunker, where it echoed from the thick concrete walls.
Dean huffed, looking around as if he was sitting in the wonderland. After Cas had recovered, they all had renovated the house as a family. They had painted the walls in warm and friendly colors, renewd the heating system and the windows. Cas had purified the basement room and together they had held a small memorial for the souls of the fallen angels. Then they had closed the doors, sigiled the room, so that it would be closed forever. With the help of the Book of the Damned and Rowena – although Dean wasn't happy with her being around – a portal was made in the basement as well. With a hidden enochian sign that was carved in the hip bone of Cas and every Winchester, they were able to use the portal to travel to the bunker and back immediately. For now, Dean never had used it. Instead, he was driving the way, with Baby.
"I want to hear my name today just one more time ...;" He leaned forward again. "You will scream my name ... when I make you come," Cas smiled. Dean closed his eyes for a brief moment, letting Cas' words resound in his head. Bad things? Normally Dean was the one who did bad things, taking control. He knew Cas and the imagination of him, controlling, leading, driving him into heaven or hell, made the hunter shiver in anticipation. Dean heard and felt Cas rose again, walking slowly towards the footboard of the bed. From somewhere sounded soft music. An instrumental piece, Dean didn't know or at least wasn't able to remember. He observed the angel. Cas stood at the foot end and slowly lifted the T-shirt he had been wearing. Dean stared at each centimeter of skin, pursued by of the abdominal muscles, the shape of the ribs, covered with the enochian tattoo. Again Dean cursed the straps that tied him to the bed. He wanted to use his hands, wanted to feel Cas. Wanted to explore his warm body. But he lied here, being at the mercy of the angel.
"If you could see how happy everyone is," he started quietly and his own rough voice made him shiver. "I wish you could see that you have saved them all, Cas!"
“Hey.”
"You know I was never very good at praying." Dean folded his hands like a child before evening prayer, hoping that God would send him good dreams and protect his family. Dean knew the part about God was gone, but.... hadn't Cas always answered his prayers? Didn't he always come when Dean prayed?
That very evening he had packed his bag, gotten in his car and driven off. Dean had hung on his lips as he told of the final road trip. That he had called off the wedding, quit his job, and drained a large chunk of his bank account.
I bend over and grabbed my mobile phone. I had to go to an appointment in the evening, but now it was just noon.
I looked up just to see that he had a big mug of coffee in his hand. He looked around for a second, then he was to interested in the commercials which rested on a pile on the armrest of my sofa.
"I could do a lot of bad things to you ... ..." With his index finger he stroked tenderly over Dean's cheek. "And I promise, I... will ... ...!" With his tongue he traced the contours of Dean's ear, wandered softly to his earlobe and educed him a first indignant sigh. "So many bad things... until you squirm, begging for salvation. Only then I will let you go..." He gently ran his thumb over Dean's slightly parted lips. The angel was amused by the wide opened eyes, filled with panic and simultaneous surprise.
He furiously talks himself down from his unease, distracting himself with the abundance of food. It serves as a very suitable distraction: he wasn’t lying when he praised Rosie’s cooking. For a while, he, Sam, and Eileen are left out of the conversation as casual chatter, family ribbing, and common conversation overtake the meal. Dean’s glad for the chance to let down his guard a little.
“I’ll make do, thank you, Dean,” Cas says kindly. Dean curls under his blankets again. His bed is warm and comfortable. He doesn’t know whether he’s going to fall asleep, but he’s definitely going to be immobile.
Dean’s placed in a one-to-one after his conversation with Victor, so Dean figures his shrink probably spilled the beans about the whole
“Holy shit,” Gabriel exclaims.
She lifts her face and, despite the whiteness of her skin and the beads of sweat at her hairline, she looks fierce. “Fuck you,” she spits at Chuck.
“You are Bobby Singer,” Castiel says hoarsely. He shifts Dean gently from his lap to the pillow, but he stays perched on the bed, one hand still clasped on Dean’s shoulder.
“No,” Dean says at once. It’s partially a lie; he’s always carrying a switchblade in his sock, but he’s so used to it being there, that he hardly counts it. “It’s a fair fight. We don’t need it.”
Bobby married Ellen when Jo was 15, which made Dean 20. And, back then, Jo had been like a little sister. Or maybe an annoying cousin. But that changed, and now things are uncomfortable, and Jo’s probably still angry at him. For good reason. And Dean will forever be deeply in her debt because she’s always kept what happened between them close to her chest. Because, if word got out, Ellen would shoot Dean through the head with one of her late first-husband’s old hunting rifles, and Bobby would be just behind her with a shovel to bury the body.
nightmare.
stuff. Now, it’s like his quota is one activity per day. He can go to work, but if he goes to work, he can’t go out. He can go out, but if he goes out, he has to spend the rest of the day in bed listening to music.
“Yes,” Cas agrees. Dean can see that Cas is smiling, now, even though Dean can still only see half of his face in the uneven lighting. “I also like his music.”
Shit.
Jack looks up long enough for a weak smile. Then he sniffs loudly and wipes his sleeve across his eyes. Dean pretends he didn’t notice when he climbs out of his chair. But on his way to the kitchen, he claps Jack on the shoulder, squeezes firmly.
And then stops. Heart beating too hard. Because it’s not like Cas will know. It’s not like Cas
“No,” Dean says. And then he holds out his hand, heart thumping in his throat, and says, “Come ‘ere.”
“We talked last night, Cas and I,” Sam says carefully.
“He hasn’t been here for months,” Chuck protests. “Ever since he got out a’ the slammer –”
you and your brother were put through.”
, or whatever. He flexes his hands over the steering wheel, tendons pulled taught as bow strings across his knuckles.
“Fuck yes,” Dean breathes. “I am so fucking amenable. Wanna feel how fucking amenable I am?”
“Tell ‘er I’ll be right out.”
“What’s wrong?” she says. She levels her gaze at him. Her eyes are large and earnest. God, she’s beautiful.
In Purgatory there had been Benny. Until there wasn’t Benny. They never talked about it after they got back from Purgatory. Like it was some sort of screwed up Vegas thing.  And then Dean watched Benny’s head bounce one, twice, three times on the pavement as his body sunk to the ground, spilled blood out of its neck.
“Yeah, I guess,” Kaia agrees.
“Yeah,” Dean says faintly.
“Was it okay?” Sam asks.
“I take it he doesn’t know then?” Charlie inquires softly.
“D-dunno.”
“I’ve heard the commercial,” Anna says, snapping her heel on the floor. She rattles off in an exaggeratedly deep voice, imitating their oldest brother: “We are immigrants – lice! Cockroaches! We came here with our hearts open and minds open –”
And they do exactly that.
sign on the doorknob, which is an automatic move when it comes to them; there’s no use taking the chance that housekeeping walks in on a scene full of bared weaponry or motel room triage.
“Yeah, yeah.” The eye-roll is evident in Sam’s voice. It makes the corner of Dean’s mouth flick up. “You met anymore neighbors, yet?”
, Dean thinks furiously and blinks back tears and blood caught in his eyelashes. “No, Baby, no,” he moans, and fumbles with the key in the ignition, trying to turn the engine over, but it just chokes. Coughs. Dies.
Cas makes himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich from the supplies he finds in Dean’s cabinets, and he settles himself on the edge of Dean’s bed to eat it. It’s funny, taking the time to think about it, Dean realizes the two of them end up spending a lot of time in bed together for not even being in a relationship.
“He seems to care about you dearly,” Kali continues.
“Can’t keep track of them all,” Dean replies.
“I dunno,” Dean says again.
Dean doesn’t have many clear memories of his early childhood. Mostly it’s a haze of dirty hotel rooms, shivering in the backseat of the car, and Sammy. Obviously, Sammy. But one of his clearer memories was when he was five or six, and Dad came in stinking like whiskey. Maybe it was around the anniversary of Mom’s death. Or maybe it was just a crappy day. Because, for whatever reason, Dad took one look at the two of his kids, Dean and Sam sitting curled up on one of the big beds in the hotel room, watching some kind of cartoon. And Dad just started bawling.
Eileen grins. Her eyes sparkle with what looks like genuine pleasure and maybe a little bit of mischief. “Nice to meet you, Dean.” And then she’s out from under Sam’s arm and crossing the kitchen to pull Dean into a hug. It’s a firm and deliberate motion. Dean gets the impression she’s a tenacious kinda girl. She detaches and holds Dean at arm’s length, “Sam’s told me a lot about you.”
“Dean has a mental
“So, um, how you been?” Dean ushers the awkwardness into the impala with them as Cas climbs into the passenger side and Dean slides behind the wheel.
“Did I scare him?” Jack whispers, eyes on Micah in Dean’s lap.
“You still able to enjoy the holidays?”
“Breathe,” the doctor instructs him, but he doesn’t touch Dean again.
He sits up on his heels to shuck his shirt, tosses it somewhere in the dark corner of the room. Doesn’t think. Don’t fucking think.
The bark of laughter startles Dean on its way up his throat. “You got the munchies, I’ve got you covered,” he says brightly. “Snacking, I do right. Come on.”
“Now that we’re…human,” Jack begins, and every time Cas remembers, a little more of him hurts, but a little more of him heals. He misses his Grace. He misses his connection to the Host. He misses so much about being an angel.
By the end of it, Dean’s ready to claw his skin off. He wonders if this is another
“Where is he?” Christian says.
A truck pulls up on the road. Footsteps on the gravel. Cas gently eases the phone from Dean’s weak grip and talks into it, “I’m here now, Sam. I have him. I’ll call you later.” Then he hangs up.
Cas shoots Sam a look that might be reprimanding, or might just be desperation. “Dean,” he says firmly. He presses one hand against Dean’s forehead and the other against his chest. “We’re trying to help you. I promise that whatever you’re seeing right now isn’t real.”
Sam doesn’t know what to do. His whole world feels like it’s been turned on its head. He’s seen Dean crumble plenty of times, had to learn to carry his brother when Dean couldn’t do it himself: after Dad died, during that horrible year and a half with the Mark of Cain, after Cas died and Mom went through the portal, after Michael – so Sam should really understand by now that his big brother isn’t indestructible.
“I’m the older brother, Sammy. I literally make the rules,” Dean says. He lands on an oldies station, and they’re playing some 80s synthpop crap, but it’s marginally better than Justin Bieber. Plus, Dean knows Sam hates it, so he drums his fingers on the dash and sings along at the top of his voice.
“What are some things – other than having access to your daughter – that make maintaining stability worth it to you?”
“I’m happy you were able to come, Dean,” she says pleasantly.
– Dean’s not one for touchy-feely shit, but he and Sam would definitely hug, or something, if they hadn’t seen each other for ten years. At least shake hands, even if they somehow hated each other’s guts.
“Okay,” Eileen nods. She’s got her determined expression on, the one Sam’s seen her use to face down banshees, demons, and God, himself. “Where are you?”
“Work’s fine,” Dean replies.
They eat leisurely. There’s no sense in rushing to the Campbells, not when neither Dean nor Sam are looking forward to it.
.” And Dean doesn’t know how to tell Pam about it without also confessing what it meant for Cas to spend the night when Dean had his Goddamn nervous breakdown. Because he can’t mention a breakdown without also divulging what that breakdown was about.
“I’ve known Donna for years,” Eileen adds. “We should have you over sometime when she and Jody come over for dinner. Cas, you as well.”
“Dean – hello.”
“You’re right,” she says firmly. “I am worth
It’s Hannah, looking a little uncomfortable in the crowd. Dean empathizes with her. Charlie is clearly comfortable in any kind of party atmosphere, but she’s so far hung around at Dean’s elbow. Dean is grateful for her company, even if he feels a little guilty for using her as a security blanket.
“Sh-shit, Cas,” Dean says. He leaves his gun under his pillow. Instead, he brings his hand up to wipe his face. “You nearly gave me a heart attack.”
Dean didn’t even falter when he made his demands to Chuck. Laid down his and Sammy’s life for the lives of everyone else on this fucking planet as long as –
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean waves her away. He fixes his watch on his wrist, pulls his amulet over his head, and sticks his ring back on. “You finished?”
Dean thinks a little wildly, and the twist of arousal in the pit of his stomach is so harsh it’s almost a cramp.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat in a little hiccup. “Cas, I think I’m going crazy,” he whispers, and he sounds marginally more like himself. “It won’t stop. It won’t fucking stop.”
Cas kneels on the bed beside Dean so he can reach the window, hauling it open and sticking his head into the wintry air. It’s one of the stages where Dean is unbearably warm, so the cold feels soothing across his flushed skin. He’s lying on the bed in a t-shirt and sweatpants, sweaty and filthy and gross, way too damn sick to worry anymore about the fact that Cas has seen his scars.
“Hey, Mir,” Dean gets Miracle’s attention and directs him toward Micah. Mir immediately lifts from Ella’s lap and craws close enough to nose at Micah’s cheeks. Micah has the same dark eyes and soft features as his sister, but he hasn’t quite lost the baby pudge on his cheeks and fingers.
It feels like he’s holding his breath as he weaves through the line for coffee and finds Charlie, as he says goodnight to Andrea and Lizzy, and the two of them head down the stairs and back into Charlie’s car.
“Um, hello,” the stranger says. “I apologize. I didn’t see you.”
So, Dad hit Dean instead. Landed him flat on his ass. Gave him a bloody nose.
And it’s easier, sometimes, to talk using his hands instead of his voice. It feels simpler, somehow, like he doesn’t have to worry so much about articulating himself. It doesn’t feel as exhausting.
just sex,” Cas blurts out. He yanks his hands out of Dean’s grip, leaving Dean’s fingers empty, stupidly grasping at open air. “And I don’t – I don’t want to engage in any physical intimacy if you’re not –”
who dig the postcoital cuddling stuff. But Dean can’t deny that it was a benefit. Like he never complained about it.
Because just when it seems like things might be quieting down – because one second Sam’s searching how to sign
Michael immediately senses the change of energy that means he is no longer alone in the field. He peers carefully from under his lashes to see Amara standing several feet away from him. She looks imperious, as always, despite her remarkably human garb: her hair is in a loose tale at the nape of her neck. She is wearing a tight, colorful, and stretchy material on her legs, which, Adam helpfully provides, are called yoga pants.
Of fuck, Dean totally forgot about the barbeque. Shit, he’d totally told Benny the other day he was gonna bring something to that, too. Well, good thing he got groceries.
. And if Dean could just go away, could just leave, then they wouldn’t have to worry anymore.
“Screw you,” Sam says. He pulls open the door. The street smells like sewage and the overfilling dumpsters in the alley.
“How much you drinking?” Pam jumps right back into the torture chamber.
Dean’s a little steadier on his feet when they get to Benny’s house; he just needs Benny’s hand on his elbow to keep him walking in the right direction. Benny helps him out of his jacket when he walks through the door. Dean tumbles headfirst onto the couch. Benny removes Dean’s shoes like Dean’s a toddler. He tosses a blanket over Dean’s shoulders. He disappears for a second before returning with a glass of water and a couple bottles of pills.
“W-what?”
It’s a strange feeling, like a deluge of warmth rushing down his spine and into his arms and legs, making his skin tingle. It feels a little like he’s high. Or drunk. That sleepy, sloppy, happy feeling of rightness in his body. He’s grinning before he can stop himself. His throat hurts. His eyes sting. But the relief is unimaginable.
There’s a lump in Dean’s throat when he finally gives up and takes out his phone. Pickup wasn’t scheduled until 5:00, it’s barely after 10:00, now, but Dean’s not going to force his kid to spend time with him if it makes her miserable. It’s just cruel and unusual punishment at this point.
“Can I get your medication?” Cas prompts. He drops a kiss on Dean’s open palm. He always wants to be close when Dean’s like this, hovering anxiously, holding and touching him. Dean knows it reminds him of when he used to be an angel and could make all Dean’s hurts disappear in the blink of an eye. Now, Cas’s need to do something to make it better is tangible.
It throws Dean off – because Cas is either supposed to respond in kind or refute Dean’s advance. Dean doesn’t understand what he’s supposed to do with Cas’s clear bewilderment.
For the first time in what feels like days, Dean truly recognizes Sammy’s voice. And Sammy’s the only one who’s there. The past…however many hours or days or weeks, are all just a nightmare blur of faces, voices, and memories. But it all feels a little clearer now. Partly because of the unrelenting headache. The resounding ache in every part of his body, like he’s been run over by an eighteen-wheeler.
“Little miss went down for a nap early today,” Andrea explains.
“We’re not doing fucking last words, Dean,” Sammy says fiercely beside him, and then something presses hard against the gunshot in Dean’s chest, and Dean coughs out a strangled yelp of agony.
Dean stoops to offer them to Miracle from his palm. Miracle snuffles against Dean’s hand, making that low-growl sound in his throat that means he’s happy, and Dean spends a little more time scratching behind his ears. Miracle sits patiently beside him, grinning with his large, dark eyes, tail flopping against the floor.
“And you – you’ve got some swelling in your spine,” Sam says, voice taught and eyes gleaming in the harsh hospital light. “They’re still running diagnostics.”
“And I decided that he could drop me off here,” Cas finishes simply.
So, Dean hasn’t had to directly confront the rumors before Krissy brought it up. And he’s happy to know that news of their retirement seems somewhat contained. Pretty vague.
“Sam?”
“I’m sorry,” Dr. Jorgensen says. “That must have been difficult. Was your mother around?”
Dean feels untethered. Everyone’s watching them; he
“I didn’t say you were!” Sam says. “Can we just go?” And, shit, he never did get around to the apartment. He doesn’t want to leave all their stuff behind, but, right now, getting the hell out of Dodge is more important than a couple of old records, even if he’s sure Dean will disagree.
“You’re okay,” Dean whispers nonsensically into Benny’s ear. “It ain’t that bad. It ain’t even that bad.”
“Thanks, kid,” Dean says, landing a kiss on the top of her head.
“Wanna hear something crazy?” Dean breathes.
“Hey, hey,” Dean says immediately. He clumsily drops his hand and pats the side of the bed. He doesn’t have enough strength to scoot over, but there’s enough space for Cas to perch there on one thigh.
“Mm-hm,” Pam says. There’s just enough emphasis in that
Sam offers an anemic smile, “Yeah, Dean. And – I’ll try to call you later if I have time.”
“Yes,” Dean breathes. Cas ducks his face toward Dean’s, and Dean brings his up to meet in the middle. Their lips touch, gentle and soft. Dean opens his lips slightly, just enough to take Cas’s lower lip into his mouth, trace the outline of Cas’s lips with his tongue. Dean can feel Cas smiling into the kiss, which makes him smile, too.
Castiel doesn’t answer. He doesn’t want to think uncharitably about his sister, but he knows that, when it comes to dresses and dances, she’ll take a stand against their older brothers, but if it’s bigger than that – if it’s education or who to marry, she’ll fold; she always does. And so does Cas. The only one among the six of them with any moral fiber was Gabriel, but Gabriel’s rebellion came at the cost of everything he’d ever known: family, home, and the church. Castiel doesn’t think he has the stomach for that.
“If you will be there for your brothers, then I must be there for mine,” Cas says.
“Yeah, partly,” Dean says, not wanting to mention the fact that Dean’s trying not be a whore lately, in both the literal and figurative meanings of the word. He struggles to keep his face calm, because his stomach has erupted into a mass of nerves. He doesn’t know why Cas is asking – he didn’t think Cas would still be interested in
“Dean, please don’t make this more difficult than it has to be,” Sammy says, and there are tears in his eyes, and Dean doesn’t mean to make him cry. He doesn’t want to hurt Sammy. He doesn’t know what he’s doing wrong.
“Right,” Dean says. “I can swing that.” Inwardly, however, his heart sinks. Bobby and Rufus understand Dean’s need to be out of the office so often, and they don’t complain as long as he gets someone to cover his shifts. But he still needs to make up the hours afterward. Dean’s entire body still aches from getting sick, and he can’t imagine finding extra energy to plug into work.
“Fuck you,” Dean tells her. It doesn’t sound nearly as threatening as he wants it to. He wants to leave. But he knows Joshua is right outside the door.
,” Cas says, already ducking back through the window.
But Dean also seems to be alone in the bed, which means either he was not drunk enough or too drunk to go home with someone last night.
Pam’s arrival wakes him at three. She apologizes for having to bring her dog, Jesse, and Dean says it doesn’t matter. The black German Shephard sits half-way under her chair, head on its gigantic paws, and Dean wonders what it would feel like to have its teeth rip out his throat. Pam asks him a few questions before she realizes she’s not gonna get a lot out of him.
“Jim and Jack, Dean, what else?” Sam sighs. And, yeah, his brother is definitely pissed off. Shit.
about you, Dean Winchester.”
“C’mon, chief –”
“Yeah? I bet it does,” Dean says before he can stop himself. Stupid.
Sam laughs feebly. “Ha, nah. I just remembered it.”
Finally, Dean stops struggling quite as hard. All his muscles remain taught, but his shoulders sag with exhaustion and the chains stop rattling.
“Sure do. Wanna meet him?”
The woman turns. Dean jerks like he was hit by a jet of ice water. It’s Lydia’s mom. Charlene Penn. Dean doesn’t know what the fuck she’s doing there.
“Okay. Let’s get him into the car.”
“Yes,” Cas agrees. “It will…well, we should take advantage of it. It was a hard fight. We should be able to enjoy our reward.”
“No,” Dean says immediately, interjecting whatever sincerity he can into the word, but it’s hard. The heaviness of his words makes everything that comes out of his mouth sound monotonous and dull. “Wasn’t your fault. It was…from earlier. Something that happened, ah…in p-prison.”
, said Dean. He couldn’t feel his lips. Couldn’t feel his fingers. Couldn’t think.
“Secondly,” Pam adds before Dean’s got time to interrupt. “I think you need to take another look at what happened that evening. Really examine your actions, and Cas’s actions, and decide where things went wrong. Then you can start formulating your apology.”
Donna laughs, “Take care of yourself, Deano.”
Dean limbs are shivery and numb. He can’t even feel his pantlegs around his ankles, let alone that there’s coffee on the fabric. He can’t feel any pain. He doesn’t know if he’s cut.
Amara and Michael are waiting for them, and so is Chuck. Dean feels an almost uncontrollable rush of anger at seeing Chuck, a feeling that combats the wave of relief at seeing Sammy, despite the fact that Chuck has his little brother zip-tied to a chair in the center of the casino. But Sammy, at least, looks unhurt, and he gives Dean one of his patented
“Like a teaspoon or a tablespoon?”
“Is it alright if I call you Samuel?” Dr. Jorgensen says.
“I can’t heal him, Sam,” Cas whispers. His voice shakes. Sam can’t tell if it’s with tears or anger. “I can’t – that’s always been the worst thing about losing my Grace. That I can’t help you anymore.”
Nick dives for Dean’s belt. Dean intercepts him, batting his fingers away so he can undo his own buckle, pop the button at the top of his jeans, and unzip his fly. Dean’s in control. Dean’s taking off his own clothes.
But Eileen has a good eye. The room is simply decorated, but it looks comfortable and soothing, all cool colors and soft edges. Homey. Which, shit, yeah, the bunker’s never been exactly inviting – with its concrete walls and sharp angles – and it probably could have used a few more comforts, like the filmy curtains framing the window and the throw pillows and fuzzy blanket on the couch.
“Um, not really,” Dean says awkwardly.
“Cas?” He whispers, not quite trusting his voice, and not quite sure he wants Cas to hear him.
Shut up.
“Let’s go over a few things before we begin, shall we?” Mick begins. “Just so you know what you’re getting into.”
“Dean?” Cas says, eyebrows dipping in concern. He steps forward. “Are you alright?”
Cas takes the remaining few steps to Dean’s bed. He wants to peel the pillow off Dean’s head, but he stays his hand, not sure how Dean will respond to touch right now. “Regardless, Sam and I would like you to try them.”
“Mer’ Christmas,” she slurs happily.
“Is there anything particular about small spaces that upsets you?” Billie interrupts him. “An association from childhood, maybe?”
At that moment, Dean sees through the window as Sam comes out of the bathroom, toweling off his ridiculous hair. Sam catches sight of Dean, scowls as soon as he spots the cigarette in Dean’s fingers and makes a beeline for the open window.
“B-but I get to see her?” Dean says stupidly. “More? I get to see her more?”
“None of this,” Dean says, tossing his hand to indicate the hospital room, the doctor, the psychiatric ward. The whole damn world. None of it mattered. “It doesn’t fucking – it doesn’t get
“Well, how ‘bout you head over my way, then?” Benny suggests. All southern hospitality and comforting charm. Dean hates it. He fucking hates it. Dean doesn’t want fucking
“Eh!” Emma tells him, and Dean figures that means she wants to climb off him so she can show off more of her fancy walking skills.
He’s got Dad’s age-worn leather jacket slung over one shoulder. It’s still too hot to wear it, and the shirt he wore to the dance is stained with sweat under the arms and down the back.
“I don’t want you to tape it,” Dean says quickly. “I don’t wanna – don’t wanna listen to myself talk about it.”
He hears the deck door open behind him, letting a clash of laughter and music from the party within spill into the quiet of the evening. Dean turns, expecting a waiter on their smoking break, or maybe Cas looking for him, but, instead, he’s surprised when he spots the bundle of white dress that precedes Anna’s entrance.
“I’m always happy to be of service,” Sarah says with a quick grin. “Come on, lets get you to the booze.”
,” Dean says firmly, and snatches the guys other hand, putting it on his own hip. “Keep the thumb on her waistband unless you wanna get frisky, but that’s lesson number two.”
that couldn’t have waited until morning?
Dean struggles to speak. His throat is tight. “It was…a few years ago.”
“Alright,” says Sam, getting up and taking Dean’s elbow again, in a way that tells Dean he isn’t going to let him pull away. “Let’s go.”
Conversation flows surprisingly smoothly. Dean’s almost grateful for the ridiculous car because it broke the ice.
“Here,” Cas says, and pushes the glass of water toward Dean’s face in a movement that’s not quite a shove, but firm enough that Dean can’t ignore it unless he physically swatted him away.
Dean grits his teeth, pulls the support sleeve over his bad knee, and heads out for his five-days-a-week torture session. He times himself 15 minutes out and 15 minutes back. When he gets back, he’s soaked through and gasping through the heat. His head pounds like it’s a second heart, and he feels a little woozy. Four and a half miles on three hours of sleep and no food? Definitely not the smartest idea he’s ever had.
It’s dark and warm on the roof. The wet cloud cover makes the air feel heavy. The cement is puddled with rainwater. There’s an industrial cage lamp above the door, which casts a circle of light across the surface. Everything else is lost in shadows, but Dean sees two figures next to the concrete barrier that outlines the edge of the roof. One is perched on the barrier, legs dangling over the side, and the other stands with his back against the concrete, arms crossed over his chest and looking at the door.
“Okay,” Sam says on an exhale. Dr. Jorgensen stands. Sam and Cas follow suit.
“But they’re so plump and
Turns out, Sam’s not able to call Dean, but Dean’s fills in the missing pieces when he catches a snippet of the news in the break room. There’s an Amber Alert out for a seven-year-old kid named Jesse Turner. His birth mother, Julia Wright, is the prime suspect. His foster parents are begging for any information. Dean’s able to make the connection between Jesse and the case Sam was talking about yesterday, with the kid J. And it makes sense: there’s not much that will make Sam panic, but a missing kid is definitely one of those things.
And Jack says something about not coming home. About, in a way, already being there. About the fucking rain or some shit. About balance and peace and other words that don’t make a lot of sense.
“Cas,” Dean whispers.
“I won’t try to argue with you,” Dr. Jorgensen says. “I understand that’s what feels real to you right now –”
So, Jack gave Cas the choice, because he wasn’t going to force anyone’s hand. He’d learned too much about free will to do that. Cas could stay in the Empty and find his eternal rest with the others. Cas could return to Heaven, but this time as just a soul, and perhaps he could help Jack with some design changes there. Or Cas could go to Earth. He would be human. He would live and grow old and eventually die. And he could go anywhere he pleased. He needn’t return to Sam and Dean if he didn’t want to. Jack would drop him off anywhere on the planet he so desired.
It’s hard to breathe. Dean’s vision is blurry. Shit. Fuck this. Dean grabs the whiskey bottle from its place in the cabinet. It’s still there, so clearly Cas hasn’t found it.
. He remembers her name; he just didn’t want to say it.
“We shouldn’t have, Cas,” Sam insists. “What the fuck were we thinking?”
“Hmm,” Charlie says, eyes still squinty. But she doesn’t answer his question about being interested in Meg, and Dean feels his heart sink. The last thing he needs is Meg creeping on
“My name’s Shaylene,” she says. She puts a hand on his arm. Her palm is warm through his sleeve. She looks kind and soft. Dean aches to have her against him. It’d be nice to be held. To be lost inside another human being. It’s been a long time since Dean’s felt that. “You can call me Shay, if you want. What’s your name?”
. Dean’s too overcome by relief that he doesn’t even have it in him to be disappointed. He – he didn’t win. There wasn’t really any winning. But he got Emma. He proved he could keep her. He – he’s gonna be able to see his daughter, provide for his daughter, live with his daughter –
,” Sam hisses. “You’re really freaking me out, right now. I need you to move. You hear me?
“We gonna set up a war council?” Christian says, and his enthusiasm is practically sweating out of his pores.
if he saw –
He tried everything in the book of
There’s a loud, sharp noise, and Sam startles back a little, and then something hair, large, and a little smelly shoves itself into Dean’s face. Something slimy and warm swipes up Dean’s cheeks.
Dean tries to edge away from her. “No way. I refuse to be a painted whore.”
Amber clucks her tongue sympathetically. “I’m sorry,” she tells Dean. “I know you’re uncomfortable, but the ventilator needs to stay where it is for a little while longer. We need to get your respiratory system back up to snuff, first.”
“Sex – good sex – involves a give and take relationship, Dean,” Pam adds. “It’s not just your job to make the other person feel good. You should be getting something out of it, too.”
“Dean,” Cas says, trying to extricate his legs from where they’re pinned below Dean’s. “I have to….”
He can’t speak, but he sends her a grateful look through his half-lidded eyes. She doesn’t notice; she’s staring at the lip of the glass with dawning horror.
“You okay?” Dean greets him. “You looked a little freaked over there.”
Slowly, after what feels like hours, Sam cries himself out. At one point, he hears the heavy tread of Bobby’s feet on the floor, but he must decide that Castiel has Sam handled, because the footsteps retreat to the bedroom to watch Dean.
Dean’s heart hurts. He sucks in a shaky breath.
“I’m not your mother,” Cas says, in that in-between tone of his that Dean can never parse out to be serious or just an incredibly dry and unfunny joke.
“Hello, boys,” she drawls when she climbs into the backseat of the Continental. She brings the smell of smoke in with her. “I’m shocked and offended you don’t want to have a threesome, Deano.”
“You switch up your meds?” Bobby asks.
“Cas?” Dean whispers, just to make sure, because maybe he imagined Cas pulling out the chair at Dean’s desk, lowering himself into the seat, crossing one leg over the other and leveling his gaze as Dean crawled into bed.
“Let me finish,” Dean says sharply, and the flash of strength, a tone of command in his voice that reminds Sam of Dad, stops Sam mid-sentence. “Go and get our stuff and bring it to Turner’s yard. I got that car – you know the one I been working on. She’s almost ready. Was just – just putting on some finishing touches – but that don’t matter now. She runs, so that’s okay. So, you bring our stuff there, right? I’ll meet you.”
“I’ve supplied you with literature on several hospitals within the area. I highly recommend one that specializes in dealing with trauma,” Dr. Jorgensen continues. “I could easily provide a referral for your brother to any one of them. And I understand cost can be an issue, but I urge you not to let that stop you.”
Billie shakes her head. “I’m afraid I can’t help you beyond this,” she says. “I’ve already intervened too much.”
Dean shakes his head. “You still don’t know how to take care of yourself. Sit,” he orders, and points at the edge of his bed, which, until a half-hour ago, he’d been planning on crawling into. “You better still like peanut butter and banana sandwiches, because I gotta get rid of this fruit somehow.”
Seven against three, not bad odds, even accounting for Cas’s limited experience fighting as a human. Still, Dean keeps an eye on the former angel in case he gets himself into any tight spots.
Shay finally seems to realize something’s wrong, because she takes a step back, but she leaves one hand on his chest. “Hey,” she says soothingly. “No need to be nervous, sweetheart. You wanna sit on the bed? Want me to make you comfortable?”
?” He waves to the
“Well, there’s that lesson learned,” Pam says wryly.
planning on breaking up with him. Dean steps wordlessly into the apartment. Cas shuts the door behind him, then he crosses to turn off the soft music playing from his phone in the corner – something instrumental and a little dramatic that might have been a movie soundtrack.
Dean lifts his face. His eyes are open. He catches Castiel’s gaze. Brilliantly green eyes. Beautiful. Cas can see every freckle sprinkling his pale skin.
But there’s nothing.
Eileen’s smile only gets brighter. “You know ASL!”
“Seriously,” Dean insists. “I’m fine. I don’t need babysitters. I just gotta get a good night’s sleep.”
“Oh, wow,” he says.
Dean’s fingernails bite into his palms. He musters a smile. He wants to scream. “Okay, I’m sorry. You’re sorry. You’re totally right.” He sounds like he’s reading from a script. “This has lasted long enough. Let’s just try to put it behind us.”
“See you around, chief.”
He’s half-way done putting away his groceries when Sam sends him a text about picking him up in an hour.
“Does Cas know?” Dean asks. “About Stacy?”
“I, ah, talked to Sammy –” Billie’s eyebrows rise in interest, so Dean rushes to clarify. “Not, like,
Dean takes a deep breath. He’s okay. Benny’s not freaking out. Benny maybe doesn’t think Dean’s a horrible person. Benny maybe isn’t  judging him for not being able to take care of his baby girl.
Emma is absolutely thrilled by this fact. The moment dissolves into silliness as Dean prods his daughter to tell him what a duck says, which turns into Emma doing her best duck impression, flapping her arms like wings and quacking like the best of them.
“God, your closet belongs to a butch lesbian,” Charlie moans and tosses another flannel onto the floor in disgust.
. Dean really should have seen this coming.
“That’s really great to hear,” she says earnestly. She’s got Cas’s way of cutting to the heart of a conversation, too. Dean shrugs, uncomfortable under her praise.
“That sounds like a good idea,” Cas says. Like he’s humoring a little kid or something.
Then he returns to his apartment. He sits on his bed, and pulls out Bobby’s guitar again. He smooths his thumb around the wide curve of the body before tracing the edge of the neck. He fits it snug into his arms and strums mindlessly for a while, lost in hazy memories of Mom, who’d pull out her own guitar – every night, without fail – and sing “Hey Jude” before putting Dean to bed. It’s something he’s always distantly hoped to do for his own kids someday.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean says hoarsely. At least it’s a week away, he soothes himself. He can come up with a better story by then. He can rehearse it a little more so she doesn’t see the cracks.
What the nurse gave Dean is already working. The beeping of his heart monitor slows to a steadier rhythm. His grip on Sam’s hand relaxes slightly. But when he opens his eyes again, his lashes are beaded with unshed tears.
Dean immediately feels a lot more sympathy for Sam or anyone else who’s ever had to respond when Dean went into a crisis. If he was even half as hysterical as Meg is now, he can’t blame them for their past missteps. That shit’s scary. Dean wants to ask her if she’s hurt herself. If she’s taken anything. If there are any blades within reach. If she needs a hospital. Because, Goddamn, he will call an ambulance in a second flat. Call the police if he needs to kick down her door.
“Okay,” Dean says, making an effort to breathe through the unsettled emotions in his chest. He tries to name them instead of letting them turn to bubbling anger: frustration, confusion. Fear. Yeah, okay. Fear.
It’s Dean’s green eyes that Castiel keeps seeing. Every waking and sleeping moment, his green eyes are there. Haunting him. Beckoning to him. Watching him levelly across dark alleyways and fire escapes. Asking for things Castiel shouldn’t want to give him.
“I’ll tell him,” Dean says.
“Sam,” Eileen says. Sam stops looking at his tangled fingers and stares back at her face.
Together, Cas and Sam bring Dean gently to the ground.
, Frederic told Catherine.
Sunday was two days ago, Dean reminds himself. He tries to work out the idea of
means an entirely different thing in the art world. An art gallery definitely sounds more like Sam’s scene than Dean’s, but there’s a candleflame of warmth that ignites in Dean’s belly at the fact that Cas asked.
He takes the three flights of stairs to the ground floor rather than wait for the elevator, and he’s already digging his cigarettes out of the inside pocket of his jacket while he’s pushing his way through the glass doors onto the street. He did away with his playing cards disguise now that he’s not living with Sammy, and he tugs out a stick and lights it on the way to the bus stop on the corner.
Dean doesn’t get much sleep that night. It’s a combination of the oppressive heat that makes his sleeping bag stick to his skin and a sizzling, staticky feeling in his bones. Dean hasn’t had his own place for four years. It feels strange. It feels somehow like Dean’s doing something
A cold chill starts in Sam’s chest and bleeds outward until his entire body feels like it’s carved from ice. He remembers his palm slick against the grip, finger sure on the trigger. The kick of the gun’s recoil in his hand. The bullet flew from the muzzle and landed dead-center in Luca’s chest; Sam’s always had good aim. And then there was the surprise in Luca’s eyes as he toppled backward.
Cas can’t help but smile. “Yes, Dean enjoys fishing, as well. Perhaps we can go sometime.”
A five-hour flight. A Goddamn
Campbell gives Anna a long, sweeping look from her feet to her face, the kind of look that makes Cas want to take the man by the throat. Finally, he jerks his chin toward the door. “Get out.”
“Dean, you’ve been shot,” Cas tells Dean seriously.
Dean leaves the Impala slowly. He shakes out his bad leg, achy in the damp and cold. He sticks his hands in his jacket and shuffles across the browning, frost-crackled grass to Mom’s headstone.
Dean gets lucky in the morning: Cas is a heavy sleeper. Dean manages to get out of bed, wash up and change clothes in the bathroom – he fixes a band-aid over the scab on his wrist; in case Sam catches sight of it under Dean’s cuff, he can say he hurt himself at work – and take his meds without Cas stirring an iota, which reminds him that he totally forgot his second dose of lithium, last night, so that’s great.
But Sam hasn’t really had that kind of blatant honesty in more than fifteen years, now. Because it’s not like open communication was Amelia and his strong suit. They did desperate, late night conversations when they were drunk or after having sex. Anything more than that and one of them would duck out with some kind of excuse, claiming still-bleeding wounds and
But Sam peaks through his tear-filled eyes and sees the book splayed open on the carpet, where it slid when Castiel got off the sofa, and he knows it’s Castiel holding him, not Dean. Because Dean’s in the bedroom down the hall. And he might be dying. Dean might be fucking dying. Because he got shot in the chest and he lost so much blood. Blood so red and sticky and the fucking smell of it thick in Sam’s nose.
“Sam,” Cas’s voice is soft, and the hand that touches Sam’s shoulder is softer, but Sam still flinches in surprise.
Just disappears.
“Drained,” Cas says with a faint frown. He joins Dean on the couch, sitting close enough that it would be weird for Dean to
Sam groans at the reference, making Dean grin wider. The two of them manage to slide the couch out of the truck bed, hefting it across the slightly overgrown, weed-filled lawn to the front stairs.
“Oh,” Dean says.
Dean is still fighting Cas. Feverishly muttering, “Stop stop stop,” under his breath. The restraints clatter against the bedposts. Veins pop in Dean’s temple. The cut on his forehead still leaks blood down his face. Blood is on Cas’s hands, too, as he attempts to stop Dean from hitting his head against the headboard.
The silence in the car prickles; there’s something there, on the tip of Sam’s tongue, he just doesn’t know what it is. Cas fidgets in the passenger seat. Sam’s brain runs at one-hundred miles per hour:
,” Dean groans. He rolls his eyes hugely. There’s a painful, nervous twist in his stomach that he tries to ignore. This ain’t like getting turned out. This is just Charlie screwing around. He sighs, “
“Dean,” Cas tries again. His eyes are rounded with concern, and Dean’s done something to him; Dean can tell, even if he can’t remember what he did. He just knows he’s hurt Cas again. Like that time with the Mark. Beat him bloody. Felt the bones snap under his fists. All he ever does is hurt him.
Dean can tell Benny’s not convinced, but Dean has to hide a grin. He likes this chic. She’s got the same take-no-shit attitude Dean imagines he’d adopt if he was ever forced into this kind of place as a teen.
A tiny smile creeps across Cas’s lips. “I’d like to get to know you better. Would you like to, ah, hang out?”
And he hates not driving. He fucking hates it so much. Because driving’s always been a way to quiet his head and converge on a one-point focus. He can’t stop fidgeting. He jogs his knee, and taps his fingers on his thigh and keeps craning his head over his shoulder to – he doesn’t know. Look for speeding traffic or some shit.
“P-pregnant.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says pleasantly.
Dean shakes his head. He inches back onto his side, curls up with his back to Cas. Maybe it will be easier to ask it if he can’t see Cas.
Dean falls silent, unhappily feeling like he’s been somehow jilted. It’s not like he wanted Billie to ream him out for playing hooky like a school boy, but
Meg sniffs loudly and clears her throat. When she speaks, her voice is smothered, “Only other person I’d call is in California. And I don’t think she wants to talk to me right now.”
Cas leans down to kiss Dean, and Dean smiles into his lips. It’s getting harder to ignore the renewed patter of his heart now that Cas is home, and Dean knows he can’t put off the topic much longer. But it’s not like he wants to just spring it on Cas right after he got home from work.
“Yeah, I think so,” Dean replies forlornly.
“Gonna help get Obama out of the oval office then, right, boy?”
She arches an eyebrow. “Do you know Latin?”
“No,” Cas cuts him off. “I
Cas doesn’t have a chance to ask more because they’re handing over their boarding passes and heading down the accordioned tunnel of doom toward the plane. Dean’s heart is beating so hard it’s like a jackhammer against his ribs. The rolling suitcase he borrowed from Sam bumps behind him. Sam had been less-then thrilled to hear about Dean’s impromptu trip to Boston, but he’d eventually softened after a rigorous interrogation about Dean’s mental faculties:
“You get lucky then?” he says around his cigarette, making an effort, regardless.
“Yes,” Cas interrupts unflinchingly. “He’s an alcoholic.”
“Hi, baby,” a voice purrs into his ear. “You looking for a good time?” The girl is pretty. She’s got wavy brown hair, shiny and smooth in the low light. Hoop earrings the size of bracelets frame her cheeks. She’s wearing a purple, low-cut shirt that shows off a nice rack, and a short, tight skirt with fishnet stockings.
, and Eileen seems to understand that Dean isn’t interested in any heart-to-hearts right now, because she backs up, signs something that might be a
“Nothing happened,” Dean says, a little firmer. It’s not for nothing his brother’s a lawyer. Dean knows how to spin a good story. “Yeah, I was drinking. The girl helped me out, let me crash in her room until my buddy picked me up. I could get them to testify.” Dean’s bluffing, there’s no way he’s dragging that poor girl into his mess. But Benny, at least, would stand up for Dean in a courtroom.
“It’s okay, man,” the guy says.
“On purpose?” Eileen cuts right to the chase, and Sam swallows bile. Because of course she would ask. Of course, anyone would ask. It’s staring them right in the Goddamn face.
“So, what are you gonna do about it?” Pam asks after Dean’s finished unloading about what happened with Cas the night before, leaving him just as embarrassed, frustrated, and despairing as he was when it first happened.
It’s a hazy time to look back on. That was when Dean was really starting to go off the rails. Lisa had just broken up with him and started hooking up with some doctor guy. Dean doesn’t remember getting more than a text from Lisa’s kid before he was breaking into their house and threatening to beat up Matt. It was on the way out that driving off the road just seemed like a good idea. It’s the one time that Sam’s never questioned him about; it was easy enough to cover up as just another car accident. Plus, Dean was drunk. He didn’t know what he was doing.
“Thanks, Ellen,” Dean says, stopping to give Ellen a one-armed hug. Ellen squeezes him back and gives Emma a peck on her wet cheek.
Cas can hear the note of reluctance in Sam’s voice, and he’s sure Dean picks up on it, as well, because Dean says uncertainly, “So that’s it then, right? I’m going home tomorrow.”
It’s Dean’s turn to interrupt him, “– ‘cause I was gonna say she’s right.”
. Even Pam didn’t really get it. She noticed his mood was low, sure, told him to watch for manic warning signs, seeing as a depressive episode was the perfect breeding ground for another bipolar cycle, like his mind suddenly gets sick of feeling listless and overcompensates with mania.
It’s after five o’clock. Dean’s head feels like it’s been cleaved from one ear to the other. He’s exhausted. He’s angry. He’s heartbroken. He hasn’t spoken a sentence longer than a single word for almost an hour.
“What the fuck you wanna hang around with them for, anyway?” Dean grouses. He kicks Bobby’s door open, puts the kit on the desk, and heads back out, in time to hear Sammy mumble something that sounds distinctly like
“Absolutely.”
“Okay, okay!” Dean hastily sticks the fake mustache on his upper lip, tosses Charlie a grin, and races for the door. “If I get there first, I’m gonna eat all the candy.”
A sob rises in Dean’s throat. Comes out in a gasp.
“Sorry,” Sam has grace enough to look abashed. “Not really relevant. Never mind.”
–” Dean sputters, “We’re not sleeping together, okay?” He feels ridiculous. He feels like a teenage girl at a slumber party.
It’s a pretty day out: clear blue sky and warm. The kind of day that would have ended up with Dean and Micah on a blanket in the yard, playing fetch with Mir, waiting for the bus to drop Ella off after her second week of school. Maybe grilling up the chicken in the fridge when Cas got home from work.
Sam moves to follow, but Ellen turns on him. “And you sit your ass down, Sam, or I’ll do it for you.”
But Sam
“Do you often find yourself minimizing your pain?” Dr. Jorgensen says, and Dean had been expecting a follow-up question about Alastair, so it takes his mind a minute to catch up.
to Dean.”
But Charlene doesn’t need the warning because there’s a tiny mewl from within the carrier, and Charlene’s attention immediately fixates on her granddaughter, who’s evidently been disturbed by the raised voices.
“How about you, honey?” Bess asks Dean with a little furrow of concern between her eyebrows. “Look plumb tuckered out.”
Dean’s nose is stuffed up, his throat is scratchy, and his head aches. It’s only two days before Christmas, and he couldn’t feel less festive. He didn’t get a tree. He made a concerted effort to avoid listening to Christmas music all December; it makes him remember when he was a kid, which makes him think about Emma, which reminds him that he doesn’t get to see her. He didn’t even buy anyone else in his family gifts because money is so tight. He’s still planning on baking pie and cookies before he heads over to Bobby’s on the day of, but baked goods for presents feel like a copout.
Dean isn’t allowed to be alone with Emma outside of Donna’s view, so he hands Donna the now screaming baby and jogs to the kitchen to retrieve the teething ring. Dean returns, toy in hand, and offers it to Emma hastily. It takes her a little while to calm down enough to try chewing on it, but as soon as she does, the coolness seems to soothe her.
“I’m fine,” Dean says feebly.
“And you won’t let ‘em hurt you?”
Dean supposes he should have known, but it still hits him like a splash of cold water. Of course she’s thinking about moving. Of course she’s thinking about leaving. Who wouldn’t want to move out of that Godawful dump of an apartment building? Who wouldn’t want to get the hell out of fucking Kansas City, smack dab in the middlemost of the Midwest? It’s not like her job means she has to stay in one place. She could go anywhere. California or New York, clear across to Europe. Madagascar or Timbuktu. Dean doesn’t blame her – he doesn’t –
“Bobba,” she says, landing a hand on his knee.
Charlie picks up on it and she approaches with a sympathetic smile. She joins him at the banister and jostles his arm with her elbow, “Ah, come on. We can’t
This is around the time Dean zones out. There’s a table in the back of the room manned by a caterer in a white jacket. He’s giving out wine, and even though Dean can count on one hand the amounts of time he’s enjoyed drinking wine, he makes sure to accept a glass. The table is lined with heaping dishes of finger foods, so Dean loads up a couple plates with Swedish meatballs, miniature crab cakes, and tiny teriyaki chicken skewers. Just because it’s arrogant as hell doesn’t mean it’s not damn good food.
“I’m safe, Sammy,” Dean says, mustering a smile. “I promise.”
Sam looks unconvinced. He’s gripping the steering wheel hard. His right fist is already purpling from hitting Christian.
“I, um –”
Dean breathes with difficulty. The kid even
“Um, Shay,” Shay answers awkwardly. “Listen, you know a Dean?”
Benny looks nervous. He shoots Dean a tense smile when he sees him. “Hiya, chief.”
A little blossom of fondness for Charlie nudges aside the constant ache inside his chest. Dean swallows. “Well, that’s where I was. It was two weeks there and then I stayed with my brother for another two weeks. And now I’m back.”
Cas’s shoulders tremble from the effort of keeping his full weight off Dean’s hurt ribs, so Dean reaches down between them with his good hand until his fingers are on Cas’s stomach, he slides his hand down and grips Cas’s shaft. It’s hot and thick in his fingers, and Dean’s never touched a guy’s dick before – he’s thought about it plenty of times, shame-faced in his bed at night or in the shower – but he’s never –
“Make it two, Sammy-boy,” Benny says.
He may as well have told the tide not to go out. Dean spends every free moment trying not to obsess over what Lydia and Toni are talking about and how best they can counter Dean’s motion. Trying not to think about how it feels to be Lydia, to be faced with the jerk who got you pregnant, abandoned you and the kid because he too crazy for the responsibility, and now wants to take that kid away from her.
“It’s,” Dean swallows. “It’s not supposed to be this bad.”
“Dean, please, tell me what’s wrong,” Cas asks, so shockingly calm. Dean tries to latch ahold of that. It’s 2013. Dean’s not in prison. Dean got out. Dean dug himself out of his own grave, and he’s in his apartment. He’s not pinned against a wall – pressed face-first into his cot, one hand tangled hard in his hair, keeping his neck down so he could barely breathe –
“And, um,” Sammy continues, voice suddenly high. Eyes anywhere but on Dean. “Look,” he begins again. “I know Dad never left us enough money. And I know you went hungry so I wouldn’t have to. And – I get that you hustled and you stole and – but did you ever –”
Dean doesn’t do morning-afters. Fuck, this isn’t even a morning after, and Dean can’t do it. He doesn’t make coffee. He doesn’t bring home breakfast. He doesn’t stick around to chat. That’s why he doesn’t have hookups at his place. He likes the control of being able to leave whenever he wants to. Which is now. Right the fuck now.
Dean’s not sure he would have kept waiting.
Dean figures he might as well get an early night of it, so he showers, unpacks his couch, and wrestles sheets onto the foldout mattress. It’s actually not too uncomfortable. Not as comfortable as the futon in Sam’s spare room, but Dean thinks he can get used to it. He’s tired and achy enough that he barely notices. He’s just settling into a YouTube rabbit hole when he hears Charlie’s window slide open and two clumps as she steps onto the fire escape.
. You only get – it’s only f-four hours a month visiting time.”
? The thought swings out of left field. Heaven and Hell – Sam doesn’t spend a whole lot of his time thinking about them. They’ve always been abstract concepts:
“So,” Mick continues, letting the Sam conversation drop. “It’s been over six months since entry of judgement, so we’re in the clear to file a motion.”
The thing is, Sam never thought it would be something like this. Sure, Sam’s been fooling himself about Dean’s mental state for a long time now. But he’d always sort of assumed Dean would be able to shake himself loose, that after things calmed down a little, Dean would adjust.
. Dean doesn’t want to mess this up. He’s not gonna do that to Cas again. Even if Cas wants –
He lost touch with Sonny after that, but Sonny always kept an eye on him. He visited Dean while he was in prison. Drove all the way from upstate New York. Since then, Dean calls him sometimes.
“Dude,” Charlie tells him. “See that call button? You push that, and you could be connected in seconds to your brother.”
“I am finished,” Castiel tells her quietly. He holds out his arms to show himself off, feeling a little silly, but there aren’t many things he won’t do for his little sister. He’s wearing black slacks, a white shirt, and the tan jacket Anna says compliments his complexion.
“No thanks,” she says, and then floors him when she adds, “I quit a few years ago.”
“And I’m the one scared of being replaced?” Dean challenges.
“Let me take your temperature,” Cas says. When he was gone, he must have made a stop at the Walgreens down the street, because there’s a crinkly plastic bag in his hand. He rummages in it for a second before he pulls out a long, plastic thermometer.
“What?” Dean says, and he immediately thinks about Cas. He immediately thinks about Cas being late. About Luca intercepting Cas and somehow knowing about the two of them and beating the location out of Cas. “How do you know, Sam?” Dean steps up to Sam, crowds him into the door behind him, and distantly registers that his little brother might even be an inch or two taller than Dean now.
Silence falls around them. Dean doesn’t know how long they’ve been talking. Cas and Jack are probably both awake by now, but Dean missed the noises of them getting out of bed. He can hear movement from the kitchen below them. He smothers a stab of panic at the thought of the whiskey under the counter. Wonders if Cas has found it yet – what Cas will think if –
The texts were from Sam:
That couldn’t be what happened, he tries to reassure himself. He thinks he remembers her taking the reins. She kissed him against the wall. She shoved him toward the bed. He remembers she was firm and assertive in bed. She was – she was definitely into it, right?
Dean’s brother looks run down and hassled. He’s pale in a way that looks like he hasn’t been getting enough sleep, and there are dark bruises under his eyes.
It’s been weeks. Fuck. Months maybe. Dean’s lost count among the aimless hours of driving and scheming and fighting for each Goddamn breath of air. Drowning out his nightmares with as much whiskey as he could sneak behind Jack and Sam’s backs. And Dean’s almost forgotten how to hope. All there was was the plan. And now the plan’s over. Against all odds, it worked. And Dean should be able to hope again – this is Cas’s
“Not that drunk,” Dean slurs.
“I have a fucking job, Sam,” Dean says. He swings his legs off the side of the bed. He’s definitely spent too much time lying down, because he gets a head rush plus a twinge of pain in his bad leg. He stretches out his achy shoulders. Then he works on thumbing the pain out of his hip and knee.
, Dean wants to tell him, but he bites his tongue until he can taste blood, because he doesn’t want to get locked up for good. “And that was all my Goddamn fault because I couldn’t – couldn’t just keep letting him torture me and I shouldn’t have said yes –”
“Would you look at that, Sammy,” Dean teases. “Out-classed by your girlfriend.”
And Bobby’s around, too –”
, Dean wants to say, but he can’t. So, instead, he grabs Eileen’s arm and helps hoist her to her feet. They have work to do.
He thinks about Sam. Sam’s going to be a dad. Going to have an actual baby. Like a real life, human child. So fragile and innocent, and if Sam thinks he can’t handle it, then there’s no way Dean can let himself get close to it – no way he can trust himself not to snap, not to go totally berserk.
“I fucked up,” Sam croaked. “I – I messed it up, Dean.”
Sam shakes his head and rolls his eyes, but he gives in. Dean crosses the room to his closet so he can toss his brother a pair of sweatpants and t-shirt to sleep in. The pants will show Sam’s ankles, but there’s no way Dean’s letting him sleep in his rumpled suit.
Bevell raises both her eyebrows. “But you did become aware later on?” she clarifies.
“You want milk or sugar?” he calls over his shoulder. “Or you drink it like God intended?”
“Fine,” Dean says at once. Cas doesn’t look convinced. “Just a headache.” Which isn’t exactly a lie, because Dean does have a headache. He always has a headache. But that’s not why he’s lying around like a sack of flour and staring aimlessly at the ceiling. Fuck. He could at least be doing something productive – like helping Sammy look for jobs.
“Deep pressure,” Cas says, a little clearer. “H-hold me. I – I need –”
“You went catatonic after you were in prison, correct?”
high. He wants to reach out and touch Cas’s shoulder, but he closes his hands into fists to resist the temptation. “I kissed
, Dean wants to say, but he can’t. Because he doesn’t want it. Not really. He can’t want it. It’s not his body.
And, sure, Dean could always hustle. He’s turned to pool and poker during the worst of times, along with other questionably moral actions. But Pam’s technically filed all those under his “manic urges,” so they’re not supposed to be options anymore. Which Dean thinks is unfair, because he doesn’t think it should count as
“Can I – um,” a voice in the doorway makes Cas raise his head. It’s Jack, standing with his hands clasped in front of his chest, biting his lip in a way Cas knows he got from Dean, looking lost and unbearably childlike. If he finds Cas and Dean’s position on the bed strange, he doesn’t say anything. “Can I do anything?”
Shay tells him, and Benny says he’ll be there in fifteen minutes. Shay hangs up and slides Dean his phone again. Dean doesn’t want to move. He doesn’t want to talk. He’d kind of like to sleep, so he lets himself fall sideways and curls into the fetal position.
Dean gets out of bed carefully, making sure not to jog the mattress too hard and wake Cas up; he really doesn’t want to deal with Cas’s concern, right now. Not when Cas is already so worried.
Dean’s running on fumes, and he knows he’s being stupid. By now it feels like he’s being deliberately, spitefully stupid, especially when the first thing he does when he gets into the kitchen is empty the rest of his pills down the drain.
“How exactly did the accident occur?” Billie asks, eyebrows scrunched above her nose.
“Not exactly,” Donna replies. “She fosters four girls. Well, two, technically, because the older two are over eighteen. But they stuck around. They’re our girls, even if the state won’t recognize it.”
“I –” Dean says to the ceiling. Swallows. Shuts his eyes. Sees blood on a bathroom floor. “Cas, I –”
The crackles as Cas sits. Dean feels the warm closeness of his body, and his stomach turns over in what he’s fairly certain isn’t nausea.
thing.
“I’m getting super confused again, do we like Sammy, or do we not like Sammy?” Charlie asks.
And then Dean thinks about the half-empty whiskey bottle downstairs. He knows for a fact that Cas overlooked it in his haste to help Dean get Sam up the stairs. He knows it’s still down there. He knows….and it’s not like anyone’s watching. Because Jack is in his room, and Cas is in the shower.
“The hell you calling for?” Bobby’s gruff voice comes through the line, crochety as always, but that in itself makes a lump of painful emotion stand in Dean’s throat. Because Dean knows Bobby picked up as soon as he saw Dean’s number on the screen, and Dad never would have even looked at caller ID.
“Dean?” he whispers. And Dean grunts in reply. “May I hold you?”
“There’s, um,” it takes a minute for Dean to find his voice. “There are all those old cars in the garage.” It’s been handy having them around – but it was better when they had other hunters living here, too. Now no one’s used any of them in about two years. They’re just sitting there gathering dust because Dean hasn’t had the time to wash them lately –
There’s a quote in the miniseries
He doesn’t bother with soap or shampoo. He tries, but he can’t close his hands around the bar and it slips to the floor. Clatters. And he worries that Cas or Sammy might barge in. His hair is way too long. It feels heavy on his head. He doesn’t want to touch it. He doesn’t want to touch his body. He doesn’t want to think about his body. It disgusts him. It isn’t really his. Not really. Too many people have put his hands on him, have turned him inside-out, have used him.
“And you’ll do that?” Jack says tentatively. “You’ll let yourself die if it means stopping your brother?”
Over the sizzle of the pan, Dean hears Sam open his front door. He doesn’t hear any greeting, and then he remembers abruptly that Eileen is deaf, so Sam and her are probably chatting happily in sign language, and, shit, Dean had totally meant to learn at least
,” she wheedles, pausing the episode and getting into Dean’s face.
“Police! Out of the way.”
Anna’s face flushes. She shuts her eyes. For a minute she sways from toe to heel, and Castiel is afraid she’s going to collapse.
He walks silently down the stairs. He’s already memorized which ones creek. There isn’t really any necessary reason to be quiet, he’s just gotten used to walking with as little noise as possible, especially in the dark.
“Shit,
Dean shoulders a couple laden trash and tosses them in the dumpster before heading out to pick up the pies, a box of energy drinks for Charlie, and a bottle of ginger ale for himself. He already had a coffee this morning, and he’s trying to be good: playing a game of substitutions. If he doesn’t overdo it on the caffeine that means he gets to smoke every once in a while – keep the cravings at bay.
“Dean,” Sam says carefully. “We don’t have to leave.”
(See the end of the chapter for
episodes before Dean heads back over to his apartment to crash. He feels a little better, a little lighter, a little less like he’s teetering on the edge of a dark pit. And he spends a few minutes staring at his eyes, again, in the privacy of his own bathroom.
Work. Right. Shit, Dean forgot about work. He checks his phone and sees that he’s got another hour before he has to scram. Fuck. Shit. He glances over at Meg, who’s definitely settled down, and staring at him with raised eyebrows.
“I don’t think I should enable your self-doubt by accepting that apology,” Cas says wryly. He waits to see if Dean will be receptive to the humor, but Dean seems too preoccupied with taking deep breaths. Cas nudges his face closer to Dean’s.
“Will do,” Maggie says cheerfully, tossing him a wave as Dean rushes down the hall.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” Dean rolls his eyes. “If we’re gonna do three, we should do Butch and Sundance and his girlfriend what’s-her-face. At least that’s cool.”
He had agreed to meet Dean at dusk. It’s nearly that now, and sunlight filters through the gigantic stained-glass window at the back of the church as it sinks toward the horizon. The light splits into dozens of different colors: blue, green, red, orange, pink, and spills across the cobblestone floor.
“Dean,” Sam pants as he catches his breath. The relief in his voice is palpable; he clearly didn’t expect Dean to still be alive when he got back. “Gonna, gonna get you down, okay?”
Dean scrubs his face with the backs of his wrists. There’s an ache behind his eyes from crying. Billie offers him a box of tissues she snatches from her desk, but Dean ignores it.
Ellen stops in front of Emma, smile lighting up her whole face. “Well, ain’t you just lovely, sweetheart.”
Not for a while.
Amara holds Jack’s gaze for a moment before nodding. “Yes.”
“They would not listen to you if you asked them to stop?” Cas guesses.
“Kinda hoped you’d say that,” Dean says. He claps Cas on the shoulder and winks. “I’m starving.”
Shay laughs.
“You could have said no and faced violence or serious legal ramifications,” Billie says. “It doesn’t sound like much of a no to me.”
Because Sam doesn’t get it. He doesn’t get what it’s like to be screwed up in the head. To lose a fucking kid because you’re deemed
“Are you afraid of flying?” Cas asks.
Cas watches Dean with his deep, liquid blue eyes. Dean doesn’t want Cas to worry. Dean doesn’t want to be there in the shower with Cas, all warm, wet skin and –
So what? So fucking what?
And that’s not true. Because of course this is Dean’s fault. If Dean was better at taking care of his own shit, if he wasn’t such a pathetic waste of space, if he hadn’t fallen apart like some kind of pansy-ass wimp, than none of this would have happened, and Cas wouldn’t have to be losing sleep watching Dean to make sure he doesn’t slit his wrists or try to drown himself in alcohol again.
, Dean tosses in the general direction of his interior peanut gallery. He gulps back his pills with a swig of orange juice, right from the carton. The juice only serves to let him know how frikken hungry he is, but his plans to make a suitable, all-American, Dean Winchester special breakfast are swiftly waylaid when he realizes he doesn’t have any groceries.
His thoughts are stopped in their tracks when Bobby’s voice announces gruffly, “Alright, idjits, where am I supposed to put the booze?”
“I just wanted to finish the movie,” Jack hedges. “My headphones broke. I didn’t want to play it too loudly in my room so I came down here.”
“You don’t have to do anything, Dean,” Cas says gently.
Dean hums weakly in reply. He cracks an eyelid. “Hey,” he croaks. His voice is rough. His throat is probably sore from the tube.
“You’re right,” Billie raises both hands to shoulder height, sits back in her chair like she’s trying to look as nonthreatening as possible, and Dean feels bad about snapping at her. He doesn’t – he doesn’t know why he got so angry. “I won’t second guess you.”
“But it’s
The chicken’s cooked, so Dean lifts the fillets out of the pan and replaces them with his mushrooms, garlic, and shallots. He douses it all in marsala wine and chicken stock. It was a hard-fought battle to convince Sam to buy the wine for the dish. Currently, Dean and his little brother have reached an uneasy truce about alcohol. Sam knows booze had something to do with Dean’s hospitalization, but he hasn’t pressed for details, and he probably won’t as long as Dean behaves himself.
costumes – and Kali is dressed in a cheap sari, which she says represents “cultural appropriation.” Dean, left by himself, gets sucked into painful small talk between Isaac and another guy named Guthrie, dressed like a demon. They talk about football for a while, and the guys rag on Dean for not having a favorite team; it’s not like he’s ever had a lot of time for sports.
“I have a very particular set of skills,” Dean quips. He crosses the room and sits on the couch, giving Meg plenty of space. Meg’s apartment is sparce and dark. There’s a bulky set of bookshelves across from the couch. Dean sees one of those tiny square fish tanks on the middle shelf with a single, colorful fish floating inside – one of those fish with the fins that look like feathers and that will rip each other apart if put in the same tank.
It takes a few tries to make Dean’s throat work. “…stay?” he whispers.
“I have to make a couple stops. Get your prescriptions filled,” says Sam. Dean’s stomach squirms. He hadn’t thought about drugs. He was just focused on getting out. “And get you something to eat.”
He takes a deep breath. Sets the bottle on the counter.
Luca plows into Dean. The two of them fly four feet before they slam into the ground. “I will kill you,” Luca says, voice chillingly matter-of-fact, and he starts tearing into Dean.
“You want me to get you off first,” Nick asks, like it’s a matter of course. And maybe he’s not a shit guy. Deep down maybe he’s not. But Dean doesn’t want that.
“And Bartholomew will be just the same, I already know it. When I saw the invite, I thought for a moment that it might be a sign of further reconciliation. That maybe Anna was genuinely reaching out. But after speaking with Gabriel, I’m sure they’ve only invited us because they feel they have to. I’m not sure if I can go and withstand their fumbling attempts at casual conversation, acting as if they haven’t cast us out. Worse, if they act like I’m a prodigal son returned home. If they try to
Her tiny body moves up and down as he breathes. She grabs fistfuls of his t-shirt and drools over the fabric.
friends and turning them against him; Dean can already do that well enough on his own.
“Hey!” Dean says.
“I heard you had a rough weekend?”
Dean’s silent for long enough for Pam to lean back into her chair. She crosses her legs. “What happened after that?”
Dean inwardly winces. He buries his face in his pillow. He really doesn’t want to know what Bobby and Cas are talking about.
But, shit, it feels like the first and only emotion that makes sense, right now.
“I’m not worried,” Dean interrupts. There’s a lump in his throat. He swallows it down. It hurts a little, like it’s made of knives. “I’d never be worried about that, Cas. You’re my – my best friend.”
Dean thinks about throwing open the door and leaving without another word, but Sammy’s silence reminds Dean too much of Dad, when Dad would get angry at something Dean had done wrong, but instead of coming right out and saying it, Dad would just sit there like a stone, miles and miles dragging beneath the Impala’s wheels, and Dean hated that shit.
There is something childlike about Dean in the middle of the night. Something open and gaping, like a raw wound. A vulnerability he falls into only by virtue of exhaustion. Cas can feel the hum of adrenaline in Dean’s body. He can feel him trembling.
“Whatever,” Sam says. Dean knows his little brother well enough now to know that he talks big about opening up and sharing and caring until he’s confronted by something
Dumped.
“Okay,” Dean says, losing the thread of her rambling. “You gonna get tenants or something?”
A chill runs down Sam’s spine at the word
Sam finally eases his breathing and relaxes into Dean’s embrace. “Jerk,” he says fiercely, and wraps his arms tightly around Dean’s waist.
“It’s Sam,” Sam clarifies.
Dean’s face burns. “That’s different.”
Sam and him just sort of stare at the one-room apartment for a few seconds after they’re done. It isn’t exactly homey. Dean didn’t bring any furniture from Sam’s place with him, even though Sam told him he could, but that shit was
The thick, droopy feeling in his limbs from the weed, mixed with nauseating vertigo, and a cloying sense of nerves in his gut make for one of the most confusing erections Dean’s ever had in his life. But it’s definitely there, and the pressure of his jeans across his pelvis as he sits on the edge of his bed only make it that much harder to ignore.
Dean whimpers. He draws in a week, trembling breath. His throat hitches. “D-don’t w-want it,” he whispers pathetically, but he’s too weak to attempt to pry his fingers away from Layla’s grasp.
Sam gets into the driver’s seat.
Emma’s perfect button nose crinkles. Her pink lips open, revealing a red tongue and a handful of tiny teeth, and Dean realizes she’s already teething. She’s already teething. She’s probably already crawling. God, has she already started talking?
“Sorry, I’m sorry!” Charlie cries.
“Michael says nothing is really free in America,” Castiel tells her. He unbuttons his shirt and strips it off.
“Okay,” Shay says. She stands up, phone pressed to her cheek. She opens the drawer in the night table and pulls out a tiny makeup bag. She reapplies her lipstick without looking at a mirror while she listens to the phone ring.
Sam said when Dean didn’t reply. For a second it looked like Sammy’s face would crumble, but he collected himself with a deep breath and a furious blink. Dean didn’t want him to do that: close himself off like that. Dean wanted his little brother to fall apart, to cry, to stumble into Dean’s arms. Dean could cradle him like he used to when Sammy was a little boy and worried about Dad not coming home, afraid of the shadows and bumps in the night.
“Yeah, ‘guess,” Dean shrugs. He pauses for a moment and then he looks to Cas; his face is earnest. He speaks quickly, a little frantically, “Listen, Cas, about the rumble – I know you don’t like it. Hell, I don’t like it, either. But I don’t know what else I can do about it –”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas says coolly to Dean’s back.
. He taps Dean on the side of the head and grins.
“Don’t talk, Dean,” Sammy says.
known. Sam should have intervened before it got to this point. He should have sat Dean down and
crazy.” And Dean knows she’s going to back away, now. This is the part where people go all polite, start hedging, start talking about how they’re too busy to hang out anymore. Charlie adds, tiny wrinkle of concern on the bridge of her nose, “Does that mean you don’t want brownies?”
If Shay’s surprised, she doesn’t show it. Instead, she laughs lightly. “Inflation. You know how it is. A girl’s gotta eat.”
Sam paused before heading into the bathroom. He looked at Dean strangely, and Dean realized it was because he’d never answered him before.
Dean snorts, half surprise and half amusement. “Just seemed the type.”
“It was a team effort,” Dean says firmly. And he thinks about Ben. He doesn’t know why, but he does. He thinks about Lisa telling him, sitting side-by-side on Bobby’s stairs,
“Your brain wants to heal itself,” Billie reminds him. “That’s why it makes you relive these traumatic memories. It wants to properly process them so you can move on. It’s not uncommon for intrusive memories to become more prevalent when you begin working through that trauma. It’s one thing to work through those emotions and memories while you’re here, but it’s another to try handle them when you’re alone.”
When did that happen?
Not that Dean could be much help. He can’t even fucking drive because the antipsychotics make him too dizzy. Which is bullshit because it’s not like he’s never driven while concussed or zonked out on pain meds or even after one or two or three slugs of booze. And he hasn’t wrecked the car, yet.
Someone screams again. Again. Again. Again. Dean claps his hands over his ears and doubles over. Stop. Make it stop.
Sam says something back, and Bess laughs, but Dean’s lost the thread of the conversation. He’s not great around conversations about pregnancy and babies. He tunes back in when Bess says,
Dean’s chest heaves, but he doesn’t speak. He nudges closer to Cas again, until their legs touch, and Cas reacts instinctually, slinging an arm around Dean’s back.
“She hangs around the guys too much,” Dean says evasively.
“You’re a smart one, you are!” Ellen encourages her. “You’re right, that’s Uncle Bobba!”
Dean gulps down the ball of sticky fear in his throat. He pulls on his suit jacket. Then he bends to do up his laces. He pauses to view himself in the bathroom mirror. He looks sick and pale. He hopes to God Cain doesn’t think he’s on drugs.
“Yeah, maybe,” Sam says. He stares at his brother. Dean’s chest rises and falls at a more natural pace. A little bit of the pain, confusion, and fear have smoothed themselves out of his forehead. Maybe he’ll sleep easy for a few more hours yet.
His head thuds with an incessant headache from the heat, tears, lack of water, and lack of food. Dean should make himself dinner, but then he remembers that he doesn’t have any food because he didn’t go grocery shopping today. He can’t even take care of himself on the most rudimentary levels, and the thought sinks a leaden ball of despair into his stomach. He thinks for a minute he’s going to throw up, so he stays bowed over the toilet for a while.
“You alright?” he asks.
“Hey,” says Sammy, which means Dean has to open his eyes again, because he can’t keep playing dead if his little brother’s in the room, anxious for him to wake-up.
“I – I better get the kids and Moose out of the car,” Sam says. His voice is wrecked. “Dee’s gonna start screaming.”
Benny’s got big hands. Broad shoulders. Could pin Dean down, firm palm against the point on his spine where his neck meets his back.
But Dean’s still fucking bored. He sometimes grumbles about working at the garage. It can be monotonous and labor-intensive, and dealing with customers is always a drag, but at least it’s something to do, and usually something he likes to do, as long as people let him alone while he works.
“S-stop,” Dean gasps. He is ugly. Can’t Cas see it? Can’t Cas see his brother’s blood staining Dean’s skin. Can’t Cas see the violence that taints Dean’s soul? Can’t Cas see it? How can Cas stand to touch him? How can Cas stand to breathe the same air Dean breathes?
“Whatever, man,” Sam says. He turns his back, walks back around his car. Dean expects Sam to pause for some kind of platitude: a
“Have you been having a lot of panic attacks recently?” Billie asks, obviously changing the subject, giving Dean space.
It’s a silent drive back to the hospital. The waiting room is fuller in the psych unit now, with other anxious friends and relatives waiting to be let into the ward for the visiting hour. Sam’s knee jitters unceasingly, and he’s chewing on his nails. He looks tired and unkempt. Cas realizes that, although Sam had reminded Cas to eat lunch, Cas had neglected to remind Sam to do the same.
“Fucked up,” Dean tells him sadly. He doesn’t want to look at Benny’s kind eyes, where the corners are crinkled in concern that Dean doesn’t deserve, so he stares at Benny’s shoes, instead. They’re the work boots he always wears to the garage: steel toe and caked with mud.
Cas grins wider before he explains, “It’s an Episcopal church. Similar enough to Catholicism that it feels familiar. Although they are affirming – they will even bless same-sex unions – so Gabriel and I feel more comfortable.”
“Human children are surprisingly sturdy,” Cas says. “Newborns can support their own free-hanging weight for more than 10 seconds. They can also instinctively swim and hold their breath if they fall into water.” Cas’s face goes red when both Dean and Charlie turn to look at him.
“If it’s important for you to know that you fought,” Billie says finally, carefully, slow, leaning forward in her chair to brace her elbows on her knees and make unceasing, burning eye contact with him. “Then know that you
“Thanks,” she says. The cold slaps more color into her face, but Dean can see that, beneath her makeup and the flush of the day, she’s pretty pale; the moonlight makes her arms glow. “You’re Cas’s, ah…?”
said Sam, brow wrinkling. And it wasn’t what Sam was supposed to say. He was supposed to jostle Dean’s foot and crow
“Don’t tell me what he did.”
“I don’t have the money for something like that,” Dean finishes helplessly.
“If you would like to leave –” Castiel offers.
“Dean Winchester?”
“I’m just gonna wrap your wrists, okay?” Sam says, marveling at the fact his voice is still steady. He wants to keep talking, telegraphing his motions so he doesn’t frighten Dean any more than he already is.
“Did you want to have sex with him?” Billie asks baldly.
“Do you need anything?” Cas asks.
“Ah, no,” Dean says at once, not sure why he’s suddenly so desperate to make Cas pleased, just knowing he wants – he wants to keep Cas happy. He doesn’t want Cas to suspect anything. “Let me. I’m not getting any work done on the stupid car, anyway. I’ll make burgers.”
him instead of to him. Dean’s brain just refuses to absorb information or inflexion. Words just kind of skate by without leaving behind any meaning.
His hands shake, and it’s difficult to juggle the jug with his right hand in the wrist brace, so he has to balance it on the edge of the pot so he doesn’t spill, but he gets past it without too much frustration.
“This is…this is freaking
This isn’t something they really talk about. Cas has been dealing with the day-to-day bullshit. Sam checked out after he and Cas ganged up on Dean in the hospital. Since then, Sam hasn’t acknowledged any of it – the fact that Dean’s barely hanging on, taking three different kinds of pills just so he can function at minimum capacity.
Another beep, and there’s silence save for the rumble of Baby’s engine. Dean sucks in a slow, shuddering breath, trying to calm down the painful patter of his heart.
Everything’s still fuzzy and disorienting, so it’s easier for Dean to keep his eyes closed, even if he can’t really stay asleep for an extended period of time before someone comes to him, Alastair or Chuck or Michael, puts their hands in his hair and tells him that he belongs to them, now.
.” Cas clarifies, “the painting Meg modeled for me.”
“Evening,” Sam mutters.
“Dean,” Sam hisses. He forces himself to reach out his hand and touch his brother’s shoulder. He is terrified Dean is dead. He is terrified his fingers will find cold, stiff flesh, or perhaps sink into a rotten, putrid corpse. “Dean, please…” Sam’s throat closes in on itself. His eyes burn.
“What? Shit. Dean, are you hurt?” Sam says. Something like relief spreads inside Dean’s chest. Because Sam doesn’t waste time asking why the hell Dean was driving in the first place, doesn’t waste time telling Dean he messed up.
“I –” Dean runs a hand through his hair, trying to conceal the fine tremble in his fingers, trying to come up with some kind of explanation. “I fucking quit, man. Sorry – I’m not – I’m not supposed to be here.”
“Yeah, well,” Sam sniffs loudly. He rubs his eyes against his shirt sleeve. “I don’t want to.”
“Chuck,” Dean manages to say before his throat closes up again. It’s like that time in the alternate apocalypse world, when Sam got killed by vamps and Dean suddenly couldn’t form words or thoughts anymore that didn’t center around
He doesn’t realize until he steps outside, wearing a battered pair of sneakers he found in his old closet and the sweatpants Eileen brough over for him to sleep in, that it’s raining out. And it’s cold. There’s a miserable wind that cuts straight through Sam’s hoodie and he immediately sets a hard pace to get his blood pumping and keep warm.
“M okay,” Dean says, part embarrassed, part subdued, and that’s how Cas knows that it’s mostly true: if Dean had snapped
plenty of girls, and the girl he went with to the Sadie Hawkins dance let him put his hand under her bra, but he’s never gone
Okay. Okay. He’s fine. He just needs to get out for a little while. He needs to work off some of his excess energy. He changes out of his gross work clothes and puts on a new shirt and a pair of jeans.
There’s a heaviness in his chest now, something that drags his center toward the ground, refuses to let him lift his arms or voice. It’s just a steady ache. Like
“I know today was kind of a bummer, Dean,” Sam starts. “But this isn’t over. Not by a longshot. I’m not –” Sam’s voice cracks. “I’m not gonna let you lose her, okay?”
“Listen, I –” Dean clears his throat. He starts again. “I wanted to apologize, okay –”
“You expect to get away with that kind of slut-shaming crap?” Charlie reprimands him. “Besides, I don’t even have the stuff to go full glam. Just a little mascara and contour. Maybe a nice red lip –”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Cas says.
“She’s a good kid,” Dean replies. He thinks about offering Benny a cigarette, but he’s pretty sure the man doesn’t smoke.
But if Cas wants to leave –
“Lydia, please,” Mia hushes her gently. “I understand we all have strong emotions about this. But we’re here to discuss it calmly and rationally. Dean, can you tell Lydia why, if you agreed you weren’t in a position to fight for custody in the winter, you feel prepared to do so now?”
“So there won’t be any fussin’ this afternoon,” Benny replies. Lizzy looks up at the sound of her father’s voice, but then she spots Dean, and her face lights up in a bright smile.
“Go ahead and bet,” Dean snorts. “You’ll lose.” In truth, he doesn’t think he has a bad voice, but it’s not like he’s ever sung in front of anyone else before. Except maybe Sammy once or twice when they were kids, and Dean used to tool around on Bobby’s old guitar. Or while he was at Sonny’s and he tried to impress Sonny’s niece, Robin, by writing her love songs.
“I just wanted it to stop,” Bela whispers. “So I hid a knife under my pillow. And when he came into my room that night, I was ready. But I missed. Hit his rib and landed in his lung, but he didn’t die. They locked me up. I just wanted to stop him.”
“Dean, I need you to calm down if you want me to undo the restraints,” the doctor warns in a painfully measured tone, like Dean’s too stupid to understand him. The doctor doesn’t move his damn hand. “We can’t release you until we’re sure you’re not at risk of hurting yourself or anyone else. We’re here to help you.”
There’s that painful twist in the base of his stomach again, so sharp it’s like he’s being gutted, and it snaps into place as Dean grits his teeth against the pain – it’s not nerves. It sure as hell ain’t arousal. It’s fear. Plain and simple. Fear so powerful it makes him sick.
Dean shifts his weight on the chair, and Miracle hops off him, but he stays nearby, nuzzling against Dean’s palm. Dean scratches him on the top of his head, gulping air. He’s okay. Fuck. He’s okay.
Sam can hear sirens now. A minute later there’s the sound of tires skidding on pavement, slammed doors, frantic feet. The room floods with light as one of the EMTs thinks to turn on a lamp.
“You gonna tell her that?” Dean says.
At least the two nurses aren’t bending over him anymore. He sees Kathleen hovering nearby, checking the rest of the machines he’s hooked up to. The desire to tug the mask off is nearly as all-encompassing as the suffocating tightness in his chest.
Dean picks up the photo and stares at her smiling face for a while. Her long blond hair and how it catches the light. If he tries really hard, he can still remember the feel of her arms wrapped tight around his thin chest. He doesn’t remember what her voice sounded like anymore, but he remembers what she said:
“You know Jody and Donna?” Claire asks suspiciously, eyes narrowed.
“Are you feeling better?” he inquires.
He’s never felt so free, so at ease, so without inhibitions than behind the wheel. Tires grumbling on the pockmarked pavement. Flat farming land spilling across the horizon. It’s like there’s no sense of time, no past, no future, no worries: just him and his baby. And it feels right. It feels okay.
The air out here doesn’t help him clear his head. It’s just as wet and hot as it was this afternoon. Jesus Christ, Dean hates summer in New York. He wishes he could be somewhere ‘cross the country. Maybe out in the Midwest where it ain’t so fucking humid all the damn time.
Billie raises both hands in a typical
Dean sucks in a sharp breath of air when Cas’s fingers ghost across the spot the steering wheel hit, just below his sternum, and Cas spends more time on the spot, pressing deeper,
“Mr. Singer says we will know better in the morning,” Castiel says. For a second, Sam wonders who the hell Mr. Singer is until he lands on
Charlie retaliates by mussing his hair and ducking and rolling off his couch to avoid another swipe. She comes up on her knees, grinning.
“Righto,” Donna says immediately. “Lydia mentioned there’s a teething ring in the fridge. Give her here, I’ll keep her safe while you get it.”
Dean clutches a mug of coffee, trying to ignore the shake in his fingers. He wants to think the decision was a no-brainer. He wants to think that
Dean gulps for air, but Michael twists his fingers in his hair, shoves his face back below the surface.
“It’s my specialty,” Dean winks.
Something goes tight in Sam’s face at the mention of Jack. Dean watches him swallow. “It’s okay, Dean. You didn’t – it was right for you to ask. I don’t know why he – they said they couldn’t do it. I don’t – maybe Chuck’s power really can’t reach into the Empty? Maybe…I don’t know, man. We’ll look into it, I swear. We’ll go back to the bunker and look.”
“Hello Dean,” the man answers. “I’m Castiel Novak. And you…?” he turns his piercing gaze to Sam, and Sam shares one of his goofy, golden retriever grins.
Dinner is delicious. Cas is enraptured with the burgers, and Dean tries very hard not to gloat. He’s trying to pace himself on the beers. Sam was pretty totalitarian about alcohol, so it’s been a while since Dean’s had booze. Still, a lifetime of built up tolerance means Dean’s one glass of wine and two beers haven’t left much of a dent. Although it’s technically not recommended he drink at all on his meds. Plus, he’s got the night out with Charlie to consider.
“If it bothers you to watch me partake…?” Cas begins, looking up again, but Dean cuts him off:
Sam can tell by Dean’s shaking shoulders and hitching breath that his brother is still crying. Sam doesn’t know what to say to him. He’s unsure how much physical contact his brother can handle right now, so Sam tentatively reaches out a hand, lets just the tips of his fingers brush Dean’s back.
