! And do I
He wasn’t surprised, not by what Mycroft Holmes knew. Not even, really, by what Sherlock himself knew, or his involvement in John’s presence here. It was all orchestrated, every event, every turn of his life, since he’d been called up.
Another tilt.
“Not enough room for the gingers,” Sherlock said dismissively as he climbed into the plane and took his seat. He leaned forward and tried to get comfortable. “So this is how the rest of you travel, then?”
John chanced another glance at Sherlock. His lips were tightly compressed, and he gave John no outward clue as to how he wished John to answer the question.
“No. The gate has a new lock on it,” John mused.  The key – even if it had once opened the garden – was useless.
“Two hours, Dr. Watson. Spend two hours each day with my brother – perhaps over teatime since you nearly always skip it and wander about outside poking your nose at locked gates?”
“It’s not working,” Sherlock said. “That ceremony will be worse than the ninth circle of hell. I’m still not going.”
“How or where he saw me, I still don’t know. But he set out to bring me back, and his men made a mistake – they got the wrong Holmes. If Moriarty hadn’t used him to try to get to me, I’d likely never have known what happened to him.”
garden - was hardly more than an arm’s reach away.
“It’s not odd if you’ve been hugging a dragon tamer,”
“Restructuring the Mind Palace,” he clarified, speaking slowly. “I have found a new model – an organic model to replace the traditional cataloguing system.” He paused, nodding at John. “All credit to Dr. Watson for that discovery, by the way.”
“Near Ottery St Catchpole,” Al supplied helpfully.
He hadn’t been, in fact, for some time – not since he’d been wounded and shipped back to London three months previous. Yanked from the one place in the world where he felt useful, where his presence
But today, Lestrade was like a reclusive artist, standing back, on edge, as the first outsiders regarded his unfinished masterpiece, ready to judge him a genius or a failure. John knew Lestrade was watching his old friend Sherlock - waiting for his reaction, his judgement, and paying little if any heed to John. This gave John time, and opportunity, to study the garden more objectively, to look beyond the teeming maze of greenery that dominated the center of the garden, that called such attention to itself by its abstract fantasy.
What should not have happened, however, was the gross miscalculation Sherlock made when he decided to tie his shoe while he stood behind Severus, waiting to jump. It was only out of nerves that he checked the shoelace, and only because they were three miles above the surface of the earth on a smallish plane and about to vacate it that he tied his shoelace to Severus.’
Rosie insinuated herself between her two fathers, linking arms as John muttered “He’s got a special wing in his Mind Palace for magic but he can never find the door.”
anymore – it can’t be – it’s damaged. My mind – my brain – my….”
“So – they got it right this time, didn’t they? It’s actually true.”
“Look at her,” John said with a sigh. “Just look at her.”
“Obviously. The fathers, not the men,” Sherlock said. Al snorted.
By the middle of November, the days were too short and the wind too cold for long forays into the garden, and Al and Charlie had families at home and lives to lead away from Rosethorne. John ventured out on daily walks, but his skin felt too-tight in the too-quiet garden, where remembered discoveries, gaiety, camaraderie, made the early-winter bleakness even more oppressive and lonely.
Sherlock looked quite satisfied. He closed his eyes again. He may have claimed to not have a sleep schedule, but he’d quite obviously been affected by the seizures. He was still sitting on the floor, for one, and while he definitely was not short of words, and was quite able to string them together, he seemed unable to focus on anything other than speech. John doubted that he had the energy necessary to right himself and crawl into bed.
The man nods – obviously pleased. “Do you listen to loud music? Plan to bring women over all night?”
“And steals candy from children.” The two men exchanged an amused glance. “Go on. How does it all end?”
“What?” John squeezed his hand again, smiling.
John didn’t need convincing. He followed Sherlock down the garden path, then through the little door that led to the cottage. But he’d taken only a few steps toward the house when the door flew open and Greg Lestrade appeared, hand still grasping the doorknob and panting. He pointed at John and opened his mouth, but no words came out.
“I’m a fool,” he said, but he wasn’t chastising himself. “I’m an absolute idiot.”
“With me?”
And just like that, the conversation took another abrupt ninety degree turn, and Sherlock was delivering what amounted to a veritable Shakespearean soliloquy, on his feet again, pacing and gesturing, expounding on his mind palace in such a way that John, had he not already been introduced to the concept, would have believed it to be a living organism, quite possibly the Prince of Whales or the Archbishop of Canterbury.
He hadn’t played in years, not since he’d left home, but there’d been a time when he’d played nearly every day – forced practice when he was very young, when he’d rather have been outdoors with the other boys, then those months – those years – when he’d play every evening for his mother as her cancer took her slowly, painfully, away.
John tossed the shawl at him. Sherlock caught it with one hand then stood from the bed and plopped down onto the wheelchair. “You did do your research. Grandfather only had the one leg.”
He’d dropped his head back on the chair again. He was already half in love with it, and he wondered if there was another like it in the house, one he could have moved into his own quarters. He wasn’t really thinking about Sherlock’s questions, but rather pushing through the interrogation to get to the end of it all – to the punch line, if there was one, anyway. The medical man inside him considered whether this odd behavior from Sherlock might be attributed to the head injury, but he suspected not.
His voice was a murmur, a quiet whisper, but he moved to the lock and opened the gate. He pushed it open only enough to allow a single person to enter at a time.
“You’re rather presumptuous,” John said.
What was Sherlock up to? He shouldn’t be standing - he
John didn’t hear the next question, which seemed to come from George, but he definitely heard Mycroft’s answer.
Sherlock’s eyes are closed again, and the scarf is pulled up around his chin. He looks – unabashedly content. Peaceful. At home.
“But once he did have that chance, the entire time continuum….?” she guessed.
“Is he having an attack?” Holmes asked, too calmly for John to think that he believed that Sherlock was, in fact, having a seizure.
“You are insufferable,” he said, but there was a fond note in his voice. “No one -
Three months.
“Mrs. Hudson – please. I understand. Just – no more, alright? And if you haven’t already, no word to the other staff, please. We all like to start in new places with a clean slate, and I’m hoping to have a smooth go of it here.”
This meeting was not going to end well.
Not once did Sherlock voice what John voiced a half dozen times -
“It’s private here,” John protested, groping around until he found the torch.
“Bravo?” John suggested, earning a quick glare from Sherlock. He didn’t recall Sherlock treating him to such an outlandish performance when he’d first explained his mind palace. Why the hell had he just flounced about like a one-man circus when he and Sherlock had had a regular conversation -  more or less – on the heels of one of Sherlock’s seizures.
Lips - Sherlock’s lips - pressed against his ear with the ghost of an exhale.
“I wasn’t afraid.”
“Could you do anything about that colour?” asked Sherlock after a peaceful moment soaring over the South Downs.
have my Mind Palace restored, I imagine?” he asked.
They stared at each other, each holding his ground, until Sherlock, at last, gave a sharp nod.
They were close to the manor now, and Sherlock dropped his head and scrunched his shoulders, visibly shrinking in his too-large, odd-coloured and outdated suit. John picked up the shawl they carried over the back of the chair and draped it around Sherlock’s shoulders, then resolutely began the arduous process of wrestling the chair inside.
“Don’t worry – her top will most likely stay up even without straps. I’m sure Al did some wanky janky to stick it in place.”
John took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Ten fitting places to scatter my ashes.”
“No - I don’t think so,” he said. “I’m nobody, really. From nowhere.”
“I can at dinnertime on a Thursday,” John insisted. “And we have to hurry. I’ll explain as we go. I’ll get the dark glasses and hat for the next time – for now we’ll have to do with the shawl. Put it around your shoulders and over your head. Try to look old and feeble. I’ve told Molly that I’ll be taking the old man out and warned her that he doesn’t want to see anyone. With his reputation, they’ll all be staying as far away as they can.”
In the years that follow, doors typically open to expected places. Loos, offices, hotel rooms, pubs, warehouses where criminals are hiding the bodies. Visitors, as John once called them, stop coming to 221B, though on occasion, Sherlock and John open a door at exactly the right time to avoid a madman, and then, on what is easily the most memorable day of their lives, after Sherlock pretended to die and left John for far too long, John opens a restaurant door, engagement ring for his lover in his pocket, to find himself staring at Sherlock half-dead on a narrow cot in a cell in Serbia.
Sherlock had ducked ahead to catch up with Rosie and Al.
He didn’t think he needed to fill her in on the details of that bargain.
“Can he return to work?” asked the colonel, narrowing his eyes and sizing up Sherlock in a way that made John bristle.
The rest of the guests were gathered near a white tent, sipping champagne and eating Hors d’oeuvres. Rosie was wearing her full wedding dress now, and a lovely crown of flowers in her hair, and a string quartet played on a raised platform under the tent.
John had no problem staying on script when Mycroft Holmes summoned him, well into the afternoon. Two officers had been escorted into the manor at eleven, while several more uniformed men prowled around the grounds. The officers were present for most of the staff interviews – Molly recounted her experience to John while he waited for his own summons, working on his weekly patient reports after lunch.
“Sherlock.”
John stepped forward. “Sherlock…”
“I knew it. You can’t conjure tea because you’re a Muggle,” the boy said with a long-suffering sigh.
He didn’t particularly want to dredge up memories of North Africa, or of the conditions under which he’d had to work. He had no desire to revisit memories of the injury that had nearly killed him, that ended not just his active military career, but his active career all the way around. And what man in his right mind would want to hear about treating bullet wounds caked with sand and grit?
“Come,” he said. He was pushing his own limits, John knew, with the invitation, with the few words he forced himself to utter. John had a very good idea that if Sherlock hadn’t been there, Lestrade would have remained mute.
ooOOOoo
for Rosie. And wasn’t that suspicious?
Sherlock sighed and reclaimed Hamish, settling him on the rug amongst the toys they’d left scattered there when they’d put him down for his nap, then sitting down behind him. Hamish obliged by turning around and handing him an orange plastic ring. “When will they be back?”
They ignored his insult and he ignored the rest of their questions – he heard pieces and parts, something about marriage, and something else about adoption, and yet another about how he’d faked his death.  Old news and none of your business, he thought as he finally pushed inside and closed the door behind him.
“And he might tell you that you’re supposed to be grounding me, not leading me off onto ridiculous flights of fancy.”
“You equate the Mirror and news?” Sherlock asked.
“How did I know about your wanderings?” Sherlock folded his hands together and rested his chin on this thumbs.
“I wouldn’t drink pond water. It’s unsanitary,” Mycroft said with a child-sized snort.
“Anderson will be leading them. Tuesday mornings. He’ll have a whistle.”
“But could you - if you did? Have a puzzle, I mean. Could you solve a puzzle after an attack if you had one to solve?”
John resolved, then and there, to help Sherlock recover.
“Molly is a bit put out,” she said instead. “Two days in a row there’s been excitement over there and you’re missing both times.”
“Good, good.” Sherlock spun on his heels and faced John. “But why try to make it look like a kidnapping instead of merely a flight in the night?”
He’d barged past Sherlock when he opened the door, pretending that it was perfectly commonplace for him to be taking a stroll with a wheelchair.
ooOOOoo
There was something in his voice - above the sarcasm, or beyond it - that gave John pause. He was being a dick and he knew it, coming down here sporting a new attitude and not giving Sherlock any sort of explanation. He could be a friend without being - something else. Without being whatever it was that chess game, the questions game, had suggested. Drawing the line was the difficult part - and from what he had learned about Sherlock, he didn’t think Sherlock Holmes would honour any boundaries someone else was trying to impose on him.
On the Wednesday before the wedding, the moment Sherlock had long been anticipating finally arrived.
“This garden is hopeless. If we’re to keep coming here, I’ll need Lestrade to work on it – clear out these beds and get something growing here again.”
John laughed, and the moment was light again, but after a bit Sherlock dropped his head back again, staring at the clouds, and John knew he’d not succeeded in distracting him from his thoughts.
“Gay. Yeah. Figured that one out on my own.”
A visit from Harry Potter during breakfast helped take the sting off the morning. Mycroft, who’d demanded full English, was picking at his toast soldiers and soft-boiled egg when Potter’s head appeared in the Floo to announce that the Potions Master and Curse Breaker working on Mycroft’s case had had a breakthrough and would be at the Burrow later in the day to try to restore him to his former self.
A secret garden with a magical, mystical maze. A brass key inside a child’s forgotten treehouse. A tattle tale crow. A tragedy, a death. A childhood, interrupted.
“He means the Weasleys,” John said, frowning at Sherlock, then giving Potter the same disapproving look. “Could someone please tell me what’s going on?” he demanded as the child plopped himself on the floor, covered his ears with his small hands, and began chanting “I can’t hear you I can’t hear you I can’t hear you.”
“What do you think?” He was teasing, and John found that he savoured the attention.
Seventh Heaven
- defied all logic. It was a place out of time, a time out of place.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John knew there was more than a grain of truth in what Mycroft wasn’t saying.
, thought John. He wondered how long he could draw this out.
“Exactly!” Sherlock clapped his hands again, and John jumped. “And for that excellent deduction, you deserve the truth. Would you prefer to interrogate me or will you accept an explanation in narrative format?”
Sherlock glances at the violin. He hasn’t played since that night, but John has asked him to play, and he can’t refuse him.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied. He was gazing at a drawing on top of the pile. His eyes crinkled at the corners in a fond smile. One of John’s drawings - Mycroft on the plank with snapping crocodiles below.
It was unctuous and predictable. John wandered, not for the first time, what everyone saw in the too-thin, too-blonde, pompous, pretentious youngster.
The words had rushed out once he started, each one propelled by the ones before it, too many, too forceful, to hold back with a finger in the dike.
The darkness that enveloped them was absolute. He hardly had time to process that thought before he was pushed roughly against the wall. Startled, alert for a danger he could not see, he instinctively froze.
It was Mrs. Hudson who woke him at one o’clock in the morning.
“When I woke - it was too late. There was a commotion - they were bringing her in. They didn’t know who - what -”
have the winning hand.”
“Limiting,” Sherlock said. He glared at Mycroft, then dropped his gaze to his hand and began to pick at a meticulous fingernail.
“Excellent! All chutes deployed. John, pay attention to where you are – you’re drifting a bit too far south. Sherlock, looks like you scored the special chute – there’s one in every batch. It has a second phase – wait for it – wait for it ….”
“Not funny,” John said, though he
“Iraq,” answered Severus, quite smoothly. He put his fork down and regarded Sherlock. “Did you serve?”
“And what did you mean about me helping her disappear? What’s going on? This place is more a madhouse than a convalescent home!”
And while the house was large, and the wartime staff skeletal, there were no guarantees that they wouldn’t come across anyone.
For the sheet music left on the stand in the music room wasn’t standard-issue music – classics and standards and war-time favorites. When John had wandered over to the music stand the second time he’d come to the room for his therapy, he’d found sheet after sheet of handwritten music. Musical notes were penciled in, erased, redrawn. There were words written in the margins – the notes of an artist, of a man obsessed with his music.
He pulled out the notebook he’d been using since they’d begun visiting magical people and dealing with malfunctioning electronics. “Seven millimeters minimum,” he murmured as he jotted it down, temporarily disengaging from the conversation.
It was easy, ultimately, to justify his participation in the grand tunnel search by telling himself that the existence of a tunnel would make this location more secure, with easier access to the garden and a better chance of helping Sherlock recover and rebuild. He leaned over the table beside Sherlock, studying the drawing - a schematic showing the entire property and the exact placement of its buildings, walls, walkways and drives.
“The Burrow…”  Al squirmed a bit in his chair. “Well, it’s – kind of ramshackle, I guess. There’s a pond, and a qui – a pitch.  Gramps collects plugs and batteries and car parts.”
“Women’s?” he replied, glancing at Harry.
John finally caught on. The bugger had
“I highly doubt they’d send an epileptic into combat.”
It was bruising already, but didn’t appear to be broken. A hard bump had arisen midway between wrist and elbow, and Sherlock winced when John manipulated his arm to rotate it.
The average human being blinks fifteen times in an hour. An individual blink lasts all of one-tenth of a second.
John nodded at the clinical way Sherlock related the facts of the story.
“You do realize that had you kicked your shoe off, it would still be attached to me and you wouldn’t lose it?” asked Severus. The two were tangled together in a near impossible knot now with Sherlock now attached to Severus’ back as if he were enjoying a piggy-back ride from his father.
“Yes – or course.” It was increasingly difficult to keep the practiced neutral expression on his face. What else could that question possibly mean?
Harry, who really was a pleasant, friendly man and who seemed quite reluctant to leave John alone, was finally convinced to leave him when assured that Sherlock was on his way home, but he had to pull Sev away from his examination of Sherlock’s microscope. John sincerely hoped Sherlock had put away the slides of John’s semen – why Sherlock cared a whit about sperm vitality at this point in their relationship he couldn’t guess.
“Are you speaking as Sherlock’s physician or his worried lover?” he asked at last, his voice surgically steady.
Molly still came to the garden from time to time, and had begun to help carry stones when she did. Bringing in more help was her idea.
There was a minute, a blip in time, when the water reached his mouth, and he tipped his head back and strained upward on his toes, drowning in regret, reaching for a miracle.
He’d hated the twenty-six stairs between his door and the street, the seven between his bed and the loo, the two hundred and twelve between the top landing and the dingy café where he’d eat his breakfast and drink mediocre coffee and work the morning crossword instead of looking for locum work as they’d all advised he do.
John found himself stepping forward, one pace, then another, and another, until he was standing just beside Mycroft. He was, for some reason, extremely aware of his damaged left hand hanging at his side, fingers compressed into a fist nearly as tight as the one on his right. Something was off – something was digging at him about Mycroft’s reaction, and with the morphine making him groggy, he had a better chance now of getting an honest answer than any time in the foreseeable future.
“Of course I went to the shops. We were out of milk. And bread. And I wanted to make a treacle tart.
Sherlock remained on his hands and knees for several moments while John waited. He blew out long, audible breaths, then lowered himself until he was seated on the floor, scooting back to rest against the wall beside John.
“Al – stop it!” Rosie said, but she looked just as amused as he did. “And Sherlock – we’ve told you already. We don’t know. We won’t now – possibly not for years and years.”
“Yes – he’s…well, he’s quite good, I suppose.” John vividly recalled the fantastic menagerie cut from the maze hedge. “Do you know him? Lestrade, I mean?”
And opened the door.
The hand that saved with a scalpel, destroyed with a gun.
“Is that what’s upsetting you then?” John asked, calmly filling in a word in the crossword he’d been working on and off all afternoon.
“Fortunately, no. Plain denims, long-sleeve button-down, dark green. Leather boots – couldn’t identify the leather source without closer examination. And on the rack by the door – the most magnificent cloak, John. Bespoke, I’m sure. Impeccably designed and constructed. I asked for the name of his tailor, but he was oddly hesitant to provide it – though in the end he did say he’d let me know next time the man came ‘round.”
“Can you hear me?” John asked after a few more breaths. “Can you understand what I’m saying?”
“And that’s saying something,” Al added. “Severus isn’t normally interested in much besides Dad and potions.”
John bit his bottom lip. On Sherlock’s other side, Rosie choked back a laugh.
“You don’t even know from what she was recovering.”
John pulled himself out of his thoughts and hurried downstairs.
But before either could say a word, the Floo roared to life and a witch of advanced age and a stern-looking Ministry official stepped gracefully out of it, the witch clutching a small basket. John was all too happy when the collective attention swung over to the new arrivals, and Bill stood to greet them. It was soon evident that the witch was the Potions Master working on the Mycroft problem, and Bill himself the Curse Breaker.
“Greg? You’ll help me, then?”
Guitar? No. The stand was set up for someone who stood when they played. Guitarists didn’t typically stand to practice, and the music was put together in chords. No, the music John had seen on that stand wasn’t guitar music at all.
In the end, he settled for a secluded and neglected perennials garden, partially enclosed by a high trellised wall that hid it from view of the manor house.  The brick pathway to the garden was overgrown, but generally level, and wide enough for what he had in mind. The garden itself had been laid out in concentric circles, with a cobbled path cutting through the middle. A fountain in the center had long gone dry, but the benches that surrounded it were still serviceable. Neither Lestrade nor Ben, the old gardener, had given this particular garden any attention to speak of, though someone had left an assortment of garden tools in a pile near the vine-thick trellis, as if they’d meant to start work here but had been distracted from the task and had moved on to more pressing matters elsewhere.
And what she said made sense.
His face softens, and he smiles, and Sherlock returns that smile with the relief of a man who can finally stop holding his breath and breathe again because his answer, even so long in coming, was the right answer after all.
He’d hated the bloody mobile that didn’t ring, and the sodding laptop that wouldn’t cooperate and write his insipid blogs for him while he slept away the daylight hours.
Sherlock had taken a step toward the stairway, but he stopped and turned back. He’d expected John to be at work when he arrived home, giving him time to prepare for his arrival and for the inevitable explosion. “Mood? What sort of mood?”
He grinned.
“Well, he’s not burned anything up, has he? He hardly seems the sort to play with fire, Sherlock.”
“Oh. My apologies. I thought I saw a snake,” said a voice somewhere around Sherlock’s midsection.
“I’ve missed you,” he said.
Because that person was useful. Or important. Useful or important to The Cause.
, and when he lifted his left hand, there were, of course, no miracles. But there was dogged determination, the will to make music, just like they’d done together.
“But you haven’t -”
“Excuse me,” John said, raising his hand automatically. “Head toward them? How exactly do we head toward them when we’re free-falling?”
He didn’t want to dwell on their arguments before they parted, the heated words they’d exchanged, hidden away in the derelict guest cottage. The risk was too great. It was a trick, abject manipulation. Mycroft would not keep his word, had no intention of letting Sherlock return. Mycroft could engineer his permanent disappearance from John’s life. How difficult would it be to erase a man already thought to be dead? And what about Sherlock’s health? The seizures that, while less frequent and less severe than they had been, could not be prevented and could strike when he was in transit or cause a life-threatening injury?
The door closed behind him and John grinned as he folded his newspaper, picked up his coat and followed Sherlock out the door.
Mycroft looked at him expectantly, then closed his eyes and exhaled into a sigh,
“She’s great,” John said. “She’s immensely over-qualified for her position here – I’ve always wondered why Mycroft chose here. It seemed a waste, really, since she could help so many more people at a hospital in London. I just thought him selfish and greedy – I figured he had need of her himself.”
Perhaps they were going at it all wrong. Perhaps the project Sherlock had started wasn’t the project he was going to finish.
“Of course!” Sherlock exclaimed. “Mycroft!”
“I imagine he does,” John mused, wondering what else Holmes knew and, for the moment, not caring.
things. Bits of information. Facts. Data. Hair colour. Eye colour. The fabric of your dressing gown. The particular shade of the flesh of your lower arms. I observe how you walk, how you talk, your choice of words, the variance in your vocabulary. Before -
- was here for a reason.
He thought the man had drifted off to sleep at last, but Mycroft opened his eyes one more time and smiled blandly.
“Good – because if they broke up, they’d probably send those ebolagators after us.”
“I’m not leaving,” John said, rather fiercely, his words stuttering out into the peaceful air. “I don’t care what Mycroft says. If he thinks I’m distracting you, he’ll want me gone.”
“Wrong. She’s sleeping with Lupin – but no one knows that either. It’s a bit taboo as they were raised as brother and sister.”
“And she wasn’t petting me,” Sherlock continued, as if John hadn’t spoken at all.
“Right.” Sherlock did not sound as if that was right at all.
over the keys. Allegro. Adante. Adagio. Notes and chords. Melodies and harmonies.
“Honeybee buttons,” Sherlock insisted. “In pewter.”
Like Rosie, Al would be off to uni in the Fall. Like Rosie, he loved chemistry. Like Rosie, he had a father with a male partner.
She seems inordinately pleased, and Sherlock introduces Dr. John Watson, and Mrs. Hudson tells him she’s not their housekeeper but wouldn’t he like some tea and she’ll be back up in a trice.
Charlie and Al were young men, barely out of their teens, one blinded in one eye and heavily scarred, suffering periodic seizures, the other learning to live without most of his right arm. John sat by their beds and spoke with them every morning, seeing himself in their countenances, in their wounded and defeated demeanors, and wondered more than once if this was another of Mycroft Holmes’ attempts to manipulate him.
As Greg and Sherlock were heading towards the exit, he turned to the detective. "That was unexpected, you finding a boyfriend during an A&E visit."
*****
"Love you too, and be careful, it's getting worse out there," John warned.
John gets a warning.
"My parents won't let me listen to the radio at night anymore, well at least that station," Molly said. "They'll think I'll have bad dreams."
John, Victor, and the gang were back at their table. "I can't believe those idiots. You'd think their parents would be punishing them for getting suspended and not allowing them to go out," Victor said, shaking his head.
"Then we couldn't be together. It's important for the little ones to be in harmony with us and each other," John finished.
A few minutes later Mycroft and Gregory appeared in the middle of the expansive hall. "Good evening. Thank you for attending what is one of most important nights for myself and Gregory. Fifty years ago today we became eternal partners," Mycroft regally announced.
The two had finished dinner and John decided he'd do the washing up, wanting his spouse to rest on the couch. Sherlock wanted the two of them to watch a movie together he would pick. When John suggested months ago they should stay in one evening a month and do a dinner and movie night, Sherlock had balked at first, because John typically chose Bond movies or old war films he had no interest in. Sherlock wasn't a movie fan in general, he preferred crime and science documentaries. The two compromised, with John choosing a movie one month and Sherlock the next.
A waitress came to their table to get their orders. John got the vegetable soup and turkey club lunch special, and Luke chose fish and chips. Both men ordered hot tea and water.
They've put all the missed opportunities, the drama, the angst behind them. The fall, Mary's death, Sherlock's secret crazy sister, are nothing now but ghosts floating in the mist. There's so much to look forward to. Their wedding on January 29th (of course they would say I do on the anniversary of the day they first saw each other from across that room in the morgue), their honeymoon to France, Sherlock officially adopting Rosie so he can be her Papa for real.
"Oh, thank you sweetie. I missed you and all the kids too. Have a good night."
"Hi Hal. Come on in." She moved to let her friend in. She shut the door and gave him a hug. "How are you feeling?"
It was close to midnight, and the detective and the doctor were still awake, just relaxing under the blanket and making small talk. The hot toddies had warmed their bellies and made them feel slightly better. John had retrieved some ice lollies from the freezer. These were special ones meant to relieve sore throats. Sherlock was grateful for the treat and softly kissed John as thanks.
"Great John. Is Mom there?"
Jim just stared at her open-mouthed. Then he threw his head back, laughed, and pulled her closer, planting a passionate kiss on her lips. “You’re utterly mad darling, and I love it.” Who knew a fifteen year-old girl could be so extraordinary? He turned his head back to the action, seeing Mary in front of John and Molly, protecting them like a mother hen guarding her chicks.
*****
"Hal, you've been shot!" John gasped.
John ran a hand through Sherlocks curls." I love you too."
John decided to message Sherlock back saying he was also interested, and even gave him his phone number to see if Sherlock would call him back. He wanted to see how far things could go. It was exciting, and John knew he needed some of that back in his life.
"John, go back inside please," Harry ordered but John shook his head. "No Harry, I want to know what happened." He turned to Mr. Holmes. "Is Sherlock okay?"
John glanced over at his daughter and grinned when he saw she ate all of her bananas. "Nanas goo Daddy," she told him happily before picking up her cup of diluted juice and taking a drink.
John was quickly making a name for himself in London's sex industry. He was sporting an impressive roster of clients, and a woman by the name of Kitty Reilly had called, wanting to interview him for a special trade magazine devoted to BDSM called Bound. Kitty had interviewed Irene and Molly several years earlier. John had agreed to the interview and set up a time to talk.
*****
, John typed.
"Sebastian's mom? Why would she be scoping this place out? She's really never in this part of town unless she has to be," John mused.
"But Molly---"
"Because trainers would have been ridiculous. But after an hour of wearing these bloody heels, I'd prefer ridiculous and comfortable to stylish and sexy that pinches your toes. I'm about ready to chuck them and go barefoot."
It was a mild and sunny Monday morning as John left his history class, heading for the library for his free period before lunch. He was glad they didn't cancel classes despite the brutal murders of Art Doyle and Marty Freeman, and the attempted murder of Principal Harold Saxon by the Sherrinford Slayer. The vice principal, Mr. Pegg, was back after recovering from the stomach bug and was in charge.
"Yeah. You expect this stuff to happen in Los Angeles or San Francisco, but not Sherrinford. I guess you're not safe anywhere these days."
The rain had let up to a drizzle, and the streetlights cast an eerie glow over the rain-slicked road. A crackle of blue-purple lightning lit up the black sky.
P.S. I wouldn't be a decent horror fan if I didn't have another horny teenage couple be watched by a psychotic killer (despite the horny teenage couple being crazy themselves).
"I'll take good care of her," Greg promised.
*****
"I see you brought your old man dinner," Carl joked.
Eurus stayed inside the car with Jim, watching everything unfold, tingles coursing through her body, loving every minute of the drama. “What’s going on?” Jim asked. He was confused about what he was witnessing.
John smiled and opened the door. Sherlock looked gorgeous in a pair of tight black jeans rolled at the cuff, and a white short-sleeved button down shirt. His dark hair was lightly slicked back, with a few curls hanging loose on top of his forehead.
“Correct. He hasn’t touched the inheritance you left him either. I have my suspicions as to why but considering he won’t talk to me; I can’t be absolutely certain... He’s going to hate me even more when he realises that I knew you were alive.” Mycroft gave another frustrated sigh.
“What in God’s name possessed you to lie to me about the nature of your injuries? We do dangerous work, John; I need to know that if I ask you if you’re ok that I’ll get a truthful answer. Otherwise I’ll be distracted wondering if you’re hiding something from me and maybe miss something of significance with untold consequences.” Sherlock gripped the guard rail on the bed with both hands as he scolded his friend.
“How easy do you think it would be to get our victim’s service record?” Sherlock asked as they walked in, he slowly cast his eyes around. The flat was very neat and tidy, something that was pretty typical of those in the military. The shoes by the door were all in the same size which meant that the victim lived alone.
John thought to himself as he straightened up and smiled at his friend.
“Now we get to the real reason you’re here. In answer to your question, Mycroft was never my friend, even before you jumped. You were, Sherlock. The one person I’d let myself get close to since before I was first deployed… and you took that trust I gave you and abused it. Not for the first time, I’ll admit, but there’s a world of difference between testing drugs on me and making me watch you die and using my heart to play the long con on the criminal underworld.” Unlike that conversation a week ago, John’s voice was steady and even. He wasn’t shaking and he looked the detective straight in the eye as he spoke.
“Subject presents as an alcoholic based on the environment around the body, the subject’s jaundice appearance, broken capillaries around the nose and information given to Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan that Ms Alcorn was a regular in her local pub. There is a wound on the right temple which appears to have been caused by the subject falling and striking her head against the edge of the coffee table.” John was methodical as he gently examined the cut on her face before lowering her head back down.
“More than fair.” Sherlock agreed as he took the card back and slipped it into his wallet. “The grey suit is under the cushions of the couch; it might be in need of a brush and a press but otherwise it should be fine.” John huffed in amusement with a small shake of his head as the car pulled up outside Baker Street. The pair got out and headed inside. Once they were in the living room, Sherlock came up behind John, placing his hands on the doctor’s hips while he kissed the back of his neck.
1.	Needless distraction from the Work.
Descriptions of war and blood.
“Sherlock, I- I can’t do this one with you. It’s too close, too personal, I won’t be able to be objective for you.” John had turned away from the bed so he didn’t have to look at the body. It was the first time the detective had seen his blogger physically recoiling from a corpse.
John’s widened eyes felt like they were boring into Sherlock’s skull, not breathing as he searched for something in Sherlock’s face. Then there was a massive exhale of relief and John smiled at him, an exhausted and almost giddy grin that was infectious.
John walked over to a small memorial garden on the grounds of the hospital, sinking down to sit on the grass. It was wet from early morning dew, but the doctor didn’t care. He leant back on his hands and tipped his head to watch the sky as he consciously slowed down his breathing. His ears picked up the sound of two sets of footsteps, he lowered his head and saw Sherlock and Mycroft approaching him.
Back at Baker Street, the pair of them got indoors without anyone getting punched and/or arrested, John slammed the front door behind them with a lot more force than required.
It was money worries that had led him to look for a flat share, running into Mike Stamford and meeting Sherlock Holmes. Though John wasn’t sure why Sherlock needed a flatmate, he certainly didn’t give the impression of hurting for money. Even so, the doctor wasn’t tempted by Mycroft’s offer to spy on Sherlock for cash, it was less to do with loyalty and more to do with being a decent human being.
“So, it
“After Harvey picked me up from the other guy’s place, I felt sick, disgusted and used. I had an… epiphany, I guess? I suddenly saw the relationship for what it really was. I broke it off, I told him that I’d report him if he didn’t leave me the hell alone. I’d only enlisted to provoke my parents, it wouldn’t have mattered to me if they’d discharged me, not then at least. He agreed, I graduated and I didn’t see him again until yesterday.” John felt emotionally wrung out, he let his head fall back with his eyes closed.
“You can’t have him, Mycroft.” Sherlock’s voice was full of warning as he glared at his older brother. John allowed himself a tired grin at the thought of the pair of siblings bickering over him like some sort of prized possession.
“Lestrade! You’re a genius!” Sherlock exclaimed as he got up swiftly, that wild look on his face whenever he had made an important discovery. “Clearly, they aren’t talking about cheese on that forum, not at all! Tell me, why do people use euphemisms?”
hiding enough sleeping tablets to kill a shire horse in a box filled with clothes? I tripped and heard something rattling and last time I checked fabric doesn’t rattle! Where did you get these? When did you get these?” Sherlock was glaring at John for all he was worth, clearly not about to let this go without some sort of explanation.
“You should have waited and called me to help! If you’d fallen on the side of the bathtub then you’d have been right back in hospital again, probably needing surgery this time.” The detective snarled. He had only gone to the shops, coming back to the sight of John’s empty chair and the sound of the shower running. Sherlock had burst into the bathroom like a livid tornado, nearly giving his flatmate a heart attack in the process.
The door at the top of the stairs swung open, letting in a bright beam of natural sunlight. Assuming it was still morning, that meant the cellar was connected to a room that faced to the south. A young man came down the steps clutching a polaroid camera, but that wasn’t what caught John’s attention, his captor was wearing a fabric long life carrier bag that he’d butchered into a mask over his head.
“That’s very magnanimous of you, Sergeant, I suppose I could refrain from voicing anything I deduce about your personal life in future, in the spirit of this continued… truce.” Sherlock held Sally’s gaze when she flicked her eyes over his face to gauge his sincerity before nodding slightly in agreement and the pair fell into silence as they waited.
“My suit isn’t cheap. It cost £450, it’s by far the most expensive thing I’ve ever bought and I’ve worn it twice. I’m not going to be fitted for something that costs more than a second hand car when I’ve already got something appropriate in my wardrobe.” John was from a working-class background, he was very conscious of the price of living and what it was like to scrape to get by, so he tended to baulk at the amounts of money Sherlock could spend without blinking at times.
“Mrs Teller probably knew her killer, there were two coffee mugs on the table that I spotted when we passed the living room. I’d suggest taking them to test for our mysterious drug. Once it took effect, she was carried from the living room and laid out on the bed. There’s no sign of drag marks so we can surmise that our killer is fairly strong and taller than the victim.” Sherlock was imagining the scene in his mind’s eye, moving around the room in a deliberate manner.
“So, they are still there then? John and Mrs Hudson?” The detective tilted his head slightly. “I didn’t expect John to stay in the flat, I thought he’d find it too painful.” That was the thing about the doctor, sometimes he did unpredictable things, usually just when Sherlock thought he had him completely figured out.
Once they were both in position, the Detective Inspector mouthed ‘On three. One. Two. Three.’ and the pair of them grabbed the couch and yanked it away from the wall. There was a startled yelp and a young man half fell out of a flap cut into the leather at the back of it, their suspect had been hiding in the seat frame.
“What on Earth happened between you texting me and now?” Sherlock asked, watching as John froze for a moment from where he was trying to catch the end of a shard of glass with the tweezers but he was still bleeding making it a very difficult job. Sherlock got down on his knees by the doctor and pulled some rubber tubing out of the first aid kit, tying it tightly around his friend’s wrist as a temporary tourniquet to stem the blood flow. “Give me the tweezers, I’ll do it.”
Sherlock got out of the taxi in one of the less privileged areas of London. Lestrade had called him about a murder in a small hotel, the type of establishment that rented its rooms out by the hour. John stepped out beside him after paying the driver.
“I don’t doubt it, you are the most determined and dedicated person I know.” The compliment nearly made the doctor lose his internal count and he felt his face flush a little, hoping it would be written off as exertion. He was about to reply when Sherlock’s phone rang and he made a noise of disgust when he saw the caller.
“I’ve not had a date since before you jumped, you prat, I’m just surprised it’s taken you this long to notice.” John walked back into the sitting room and sank down on his chair; he could almost hear Sherlock’s mind whirring. “I’ll save you the deductions as to why. First off, I was grieving for you and wrapped up in clearing your name, so I was in no fit state to be thinking about dating.”
“Here you go, brother mine, a couple of new scratches but otherwise completely intact.” Sherlock handed the tablet over to Mycroft when they reached them. However, John was finding it increasingly hard to breathe. He suddenly had the sinking feeling that he was more seriously injured than he’d initially thought. That’s when he stumbled from dizziness, falling to his hands and knees, gasping in pain.
“A ransom? Fantastic! Do you have any idea what you are even doing?! You’ll never get away with this, and do you wanna know why?” The doctor fought to keep his volume at an even level. “I’m not the world’s only Consulting Detective but he’s taught me enough that I know you got the morphine you used to drug me from caring for your terminally ill relative who has recently died. My condolences.” The last part wasn’t sarcasm, John was a lot of things and cruel wasn’t one of them.
“True, and I’m sure it comes as no surprise to you that I initially only saw how you could be of use to me. A doctor and a soldier, two very different skill sets in one person. It seemed like a win-win situation, we both had something the other was willing to provide.” Sherlock’s grin was mirrored back at him on John’s face. “And the rest is history, as they say.” He gestured between them as he finished, the pair fell into a comfortable silence for a few minutes, thinking to themselves.
“A-are you sure it’s me that you want?” John whispered against his lips when the kiss broke for oxygen, his sprained knee was beginning to ache from standing for so long. Sherlock pulled the doctor closer, unbalancing him so his weight was off his sore leg and Sherlock was supporting him, giving a self-assured little smirk as he replied.
“My God! Is that why you made me
“Nope, don’t actually have a clue what you are talking about there, Sherlock… I’m going to turn in early, I’m still tired. Goodnight, or good afternoon I should say.” John laughed awkwardly and turned away, intending to flee up into his room. He grabbed the handle of the kitchen door to pull it open, an arm appeared from over his head to hold it closed.
“Looks like I need to try harder then because that indeed was the intention.” Sherlock replied without missing a beat but John thought he must have misheard somehow. Still, he didn’t want to ruin their meal and the jovial mood so he played along, half-curious to see where this was going.
“Please sit, gentlemen, I understand you are here to discuss the murder of 2nd Lieutenant Harvey Callahan? Terrible business. He’s been an instructor here for nearly fifteen years, he’ll be missed.” Though Deakins kept a straight face, Sherlock was able to detect that the Major wasn’t being entirely sincere in his statement. There was an undercurrent of personal dislike towards his fellow officer and colleague.
John hadn’t really wanted to stay in 221b Baker Street but he couldn’t afford another place, not with Mycroft covering Sherlock’s half of the already discounted rent. It hurt to be constantly reminded of the hole that Sherlock had left in John’s life, left with his regrets about what might have been if only he hadn’t been such a coward and had admitted his feelings when he had the chance.
“Oh yeah, it’s a memento… and well, a glorified paperweight now. It belonged to my fr-” When he turned his eyes back a moment later, gone was Mr Doyle and Sherlock Holmes was standing in his stead with the widest smile on his face.
Sherlock had decided to investigate and invited John along, even going so far as ringing both the hospital and the Met on his behalf to arrange for a few days leave. The doctor hadn’t even got angry when he found out about the liberties taken, he just blinked, shrugged and went to go pack a few things.
“I was right about Allatel, they are very socially responsible for a large company. They’ve donated at least ten million pounds to charitable causes every financial year according to these statements. It doesn’t say who or break that figure down into individual amounts in here though.” Sherlock was using a green highlighter to mark out the amounts on the sheet he was reading. John had an idea and pulled out his phone.
“Why, Mr Holmes, if I didn’t know better then I’d say you were trying to flatter me.” The doctor picked up his own wine glass with a mischievous glint in his eyes as he teased. He’d never had a friend that he had such an easy rapport with, either before or since. They could go from shouting at one another to rolling around in hysterics in next to no time without batting an eyelid.
“That… is a very good question.” John’s voice was so low it was almost inaudible. As Sherlock crept a step closer, he noticed the moonlight reflecting off dried salt on John’s face. He’d been crying in his sleep, his subconscious feeding on the upset of the day.
:: When you get to Price’s, I need you to distract his wife. Pretend to be a distraught friend of Holly’s, tears if you’ve got them. – SH ::
“Probably because the last time Dr Watson nearly asphyxiated you declared war on coconuts and petitioned me to make them illegal.” Mycroft’s tone was exasperated as he fiddled with his Blackberry. “John was possibly afraid you’d place him in an iron lung until his rib healed if he had informed you.” There was no holding back the Detective Inspector’s peals of laughter this time around. Greg grabbed his coat to beat a hasty retreat before Sherlock could figure out how to make filthy looks kill.
“John, only you would call running to the rescue every time an act of selfishness.” Sherlock’s words only half registered with him as they followed him down the stairs.
“Serial numbers match?” John asked as he looked over Sherlock’s shoulder as the detective examined the two that had been brought out. At hearing an annoyed grunt of frustration, the doctor turned to the pawnbroker and showed him a picture on his phone. “Recognise this guy?” The man glanced at it, his mouth ticking up in a wry smile.
“Don’t look so terrified, I don’t like him that way. I’ve already had enough of workplace relationships, thanks. What I mean is I’m jealous of the way the Doc has dedicated his entire life to you. Even when you were gone, he always stood up for you and was your number one fan. It’s beautiful and humbling. There’s no one in my life that would do that for me.” Sally’s eyes were soft as she looked between the two flatmates with a bemused expression that looked a little longing.
“Oh JESUS!” The doctor shouted loudly as he jumped, somehow managing not to drop the box in shock. He was breathing hard as he turned to the other two to show them the eyeball sitting inside among the rings and bracelets. “What do we think? Alice was lifting the best items from the stuff donated before it was officially catalogued and put on sale?” John’s voice was definitely
“That’s not the only reason I consider him to be my much valued partner, but what I’ve said is sufficient enough to make my point. These cases have been resolved due to our shared efforts; I shall expect this to be recognised fairly going forward. Thank you for your time.” Sherlock spun on his heels and left the briefing room, John had to jog to catch up with him.
“Why should I?!” Angry tears sprang into John’s eyes, he felt trapped in all ways possible. “If Greg hadn’t bloody called you about Harvey’s murder then we wouldn’t even be having this conversation! God, that’s why I pretty much ran away from the crime scene. I knew if I stayed on the case then you’d work it out, because I’d be thinking about it and you’d read it from me like an open book.” John leant forward and let his forehead thump against the door.
The operation had turned out to be a lot more sophisticated than the pair had initially expected, the short turnaround time between the organs being imported and distributed would make it difficult to catch them in the act. The plan was to find the HQ and set up hidden cameras and listening devices so they could gather evidence to present to the police and catch as many of the gang as possible. Sherlock was just jogging down the stairs when his phone buzzed with a message from John.
John was sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, their first aid kit balanced on his knee as he dug around for some tweezers. The blood was already seeping through the towel in places, he unwrapped his hand to expose the lacerations on his palm and fingers, examining them for any splinters of glass.
“That’s only because none of those women you dated were good enough for you, with the exception of Sarah, she had potential.” Sherlock’s tone was full of contempt as he waved his hand dismissively. John smirked a little bit before his phone rang, he dug it out of his pocket and frowned at the caller ID,
“Brother, if I didn’t know better, I would think you were trying to meddle in my personal life... Which is ridiculous as we both know that those sorts of entanglements are a distraction at best and a liability at worst.” They had never had the kind of fraternal relationship where they confided in each other about things like this, except to occasionally goad and snipe at the other.
“There you go, old fella, back where you belong at long last. You must be relieved.” John said to himself before adding a silent
“He asked me to have a word with you because I know how to ‘not offend people’ apparently. So why don’t you want to wear a tailored suit to dinner with my parents?” Mycroft asked as John spotted a CCTV camera pointed straight at him, he guessed that meant at least the older brother was aware that John didn’t actually have an emergency shift today.
As Sherlock walked, his mind inevitably wandered away. They hadn’t really checked the cabin out properly, John had been desperate to go for a hike in the bracing Cumbrian air so they’d just dumped their bags in the living room, grabbed a map and headed back out. Mycroft had mentioned something about a jacuzzi style bathtub though, Sherlock was so busy allowing himself to imagine taking a long soak with John later that he didn’t hear his name being called until it was too late.
“That’s fine, but shouldn’t we find some place to drop off our bags rather than lug them around with us?” John asked with a nod to the small hold-all and rucksack besides him on the seat. “It’s the off season so there should be plenty of B&Bs with spare rooms, let me see what I can find.” The doctor pulled out his phone, finding and booking them a twin room that was close enough to everything before giving the driver the address.
“We’ll need to go through their employer’s finances and follow the money. Finally, a worthy case! Thank you, Lestrade! Let’s go, John! The game is on!” The detective declared in his dramatic fashion, turning to leave the house and follow this lead, his faithful assistant jogging behind him.
“I could have not come home sometimes after school and Mum and Dad would never have known the difference. Harry actually did that a lot, I covered for her the odd times that they did notice, we were a lot closer back then.”
“Well don’t punish me for the fact I got in the way of you chatting up Aimee Price then!” The detective spat out, spotting John’s face frowning in confusion. “Don’t give me that look! You were drooling over her so much that I thought you’d both drown!”
John’s jaw shut with an abrupt snap at what he was about to say and instead of finishing his sentence, he just silently walked to the door of 221c, unlocked it, and closed it behind him with a click.
“Why are you still here? You’ve delivered your news, or do you just want to stand around quoting Brecht some more?” Sherlock knew he sounded like a petulant child but that was an attitude that Mycroft was very good at bringing out in him.
A few days later found John and Sherlock at a press conference. There had been a high profile theft from the British Museum, a sculpture of a golden horse and chariot had gone missing – it was part of the Oxus Treasures. A beautiful Persian piece dating from the fourth or fifth century BC and crafted out of Achaemenid gold.
Sherlock’s first emotion was fury that John had decided to skip out on their dinner, he stalked over to the window and threw it open. His expertly attuned eye able to pick out how John had got back down to ground level. It looked like he’d shimmied down the metal drainpipe, though there was evidence that it wasn’t a completely smooth journey with a couple of slips, in fact it looked like John had lost his grip and fallen for the last six feet or so.
Discussion of Past Grooming/Sexual Abuse.
“Not necessarily, Lestrade. As John has just shown us, one does not have to be blind to know Braille. The blind person referred to might be the victim considering the killer took her eyes. Paralysing her with some unknown drug before mutilating her in this way suggests a very personal vendetta. Was there something she was refusing to see, perhaps?” Sherlock was examining every inch of the body and the bed, looking for trace evidence that would slip by the average person.
“Um, Sherlock? I’m hoping that I’m too tired to dream but still, I’m likely to have nightmares again tonight, so I’m sorry if I disturb you and don’t worry if you hear me, ok?” The doctor blurted that out, turning to race up the stairs before waiting for an answer. After last time, he knew Sherlock would be willing to sit with him if he woke up upset in the night, but there was still a large part of him that didn’t want to show his friend how emotionally fragile he could be.
“Like you don’t already know the answer to that. No, there’s no one I’ve found who likes me
John sighed in boredom, staring out the window of the ward. Not that the hospital had a good view, all he could see was the carpark and part of the London skyline. It had been four days since he’d been thrown through the window at the industrial estate. His doctor didn’t want to let him go too soon as an abdominal knock could start his kidney bleeding internally again.
“Alright, I will… and if I manage it, then you are buying dinner and you’re actually going to eat it for once.” John straightened up; confident he was going to win this wager as Sherlock nodded. “Turn around.” Sherlock raised a curious eyebrow but did as he was asked.
“Get dressed and grab your coat or we’re going to be late.” The detective declared to his bemused flatmate. “I took the liberty of booking you an appointment for a skin prick test with an allergist, so we can be absolutely sure that we won’t have a repeat of earlier this week.” John just blinked at him for a second before seemingly deciding it was easier just to go along with it than argue.
“That is a sound plan for the future.” The detective smiled at his friend warmly. “You should get to bed, you’re completely fatigued.” John looked thoughtful for a moment and headed to the kitchen instead. He re-emerged with two glasses and the bottle of whiskey Sherlock had brought with him that first day when he came back.
But a voice that sounded a lot like his brother’s answered that thought with
“I think we should split up.” Sherlock replied in that cocksure voice of his.
:: Do I wanna know what tropical fruits have done to upset His Highness? I’ve just been ordered to eradicate coconuts from NSY. – GL ::
“Shock and blood loss, you need it and eat these too.” The detective nudged the packet of biscuits closer to his flatmate. He grabbed his own cup and sat down next to the doctor, giving him his undivided attention, he hadn’t seen him this upset since he came back to life.
John snapped up, wrapping his legs tightly around the man’s body, pinning his arms to his sides. He threw himself forward with all his weight, knocking the kidnapper to the floor so he was kneeling astride his abdomen. A well placed headbutt put the criminal out cold. The doctor only allowed himself a moment of pride before he dislocated the thumb on his right hand so he could slip out of the handcuffs, the bone was back in place in seconds.
“Yes, well if you will insist on headbutting doors then it’s no surprise you have a headache.” Sherlock looked at the time on his watch. “You should get some more sleep; you were awake for approaching twenty-four hours total yesterday and this morning. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure to keep it down.” John yawned on cue and got to his feet with a nod, he walked to the living room door before he stopped, turning back around with a nervous air.
“Sometimes that’s all you can hope for. What about you? Get up to much?” John asked as he filled the electric kettle and put it on to boil, digging out a couple of clean cups for them.
As it was, another six patients didn’t make it that night, and that was only the ones John was involved with. He had no doubt that the total death toll for the explosion was likely to be much higher. But he had given everything and done what he could. As the doctor grabbed his coat from the staff room, he saw streaks of light threatening to break over the horizon through the window. He glanced at his watch and saw it was just after seven in the morning.
“Yeah, well then you were gone and I couldn’t help thinking about the fact you didn’t like my blog very much, not just the style but the fact I put little details of your eccentricities on it and sometimes people who read it were mean about them.” John was not comfortable with having this conversation, that was why he always insisted on the ‘no time’ excuse. Anything so he didn’t have to lay out how guilty and pathetic he felt for Sherlock to know and see.
“Not at all. If the blind person is familiar with the space then they can move around with confidence. Some can even use tongue clicks as a form of echolocation to navigate an unknown area.” John replied as he folded his arms across his chest. Suddenly there was a loud shriek of fright that rang throughout the house. When they got to the den, they found Sally comforting a shaken female officer by rubbing her back softly.
“I hate journalists so much, god damn vultures!” He growled as he attempted to take his coat off and failed, Greg helped him again without a word as Mrs Hudson came out of her flat to see what all the noise was about.
“What, really? Wow! What a ridiculously nice thing to do for a stranger.” John was flabbergasted as he followed into the kitchen and saw an elderly man with wiry grey hair, solid black framed glasses, wearing a thick green trench coat. “Hello, Mr Doyle was it? I’m John Watson, it’s nice to meet you and thank you for getting my shopping for me.” Doyle stood up when John offered him a handshake, the doctor noticing he was tall but slightly stooped with age and his hand was large and warm as he gripped it firmly.
“The case, Sherlock, I meant what do you think about the case?” Greg’s tone was exasperated but he was grinning cheekily at Sherlock, the way he usually did when Sherlock had either done something very silly or let slip that he was actually a caring person on the inside.
John was sitting on the floor, leaning with his back against the side of the bed. The light vest and bed shorts he was wearing were both drenched in sweat. He had his feet on the floor with his legs bent, his forearms resting on his knees… and in his left hand was his Browning L9A1 UK military issue handgun. Sherlock’s heart froze solid and his train of thoughts derailed again.
John suddenly felt self-conscious sitting down to a home cooked meal with his immaculately dressed flatmate while wearing pyjamas and a dressing gown.
the flute? And I dare say there’s probably many other things as well, because you are too humble to mention things that others would broadcast from the rooftops.” John didn’t know what to do with his hands in this unexpected embrace so he ended up letting them rest against Sherlock’s chest lightly, feeling his heart thudding almost as fast as his.
“Admittedly it wasn’t the best idea I’ve ever had; I just didn’t think I could sneak down two flights of stairs and out the front door without you noticing. Though it could have been worse. I could have landed on Mrs Hudson’s bins like our American friend.” That made the pair of them laugh lightly as the space between them naturally closed and their lips met.
“I can’t deny that there have been persistent rumours surrounding him regarding fraternisation. However there have been few official complaints as it appears these relationships, if they existed, were entirely consensual.” Deakins seemed to be carefully choosing his words.
“He trained cadets in team building, usually through sports like rugby and football. Apparently, he also used to teach wrestling to the recruits but he’d dropped that before I came to the Academy.” Sherlock and Greg shared a glance for a fraction of a second at the implications of that little snippet of information.
“No, because we all know you’d break that promise within five minutes, loudly insisting that you were fine and not an invalid.” The detective finished and put the phone away. “Lots of people at the Met asked me to wish you well for them, I didn’t get names, irrelevant, easier to assume it was everyone in the building, you’re very popular.” John laughed at that with a shake of his head, glancing at the number of cards on the cabinet by his bed.
“Ah, yeah… I could do that, I suppose.” John’s lacklustre response didn’t go unnoticed, he tried not to look up when he saw Sherlock lean forward in his peripheral vision, resting his elbows on his knees, his fingers steepled together.
John shrugged at him; he could see both sides. Once the doctor had changed his clothes and done his own teeth, he put the bedside lamp on and sat cross legged on the bed with his notebook on his lap to write up the conclusion of the case.
“Now this is interesting. Nothing else that I’ve seen has given me the impression that Callahan is particularly fond of technology and gadgets, yet here we have a fairly expensive laptop. I wonder what he does with it that means he’s willing to pay for a better experience?” The detective sat down on the floor with his legs crossed and pressed the power button.
“2nd Lt Callahan was well liked by the recruits; he had a talent for being able to draw out the more withdrawn lads and help them reach their full potential.” Deakins shifted in his chair and looked down at his desk. “That said, I am led to believe that in the past, there have been… instances, shall we say, where he has allowed himself to become too close to individual cadets. It is my understanding that he decided to step back from teaching wrestling to help avoid any appearances of inappropriate behaviour.”
“Nice work, Doc, here, do the honours.” Lestrade handed his handcuffs to the doctor who was now kneeling on Patrick’s back to stop him getting away as the DI finished reading him his rights. “Spotted a bloody knife still inside the couch, so it looks like it’ll be an open and shut case, thanks to you!” John got to his feet while a couple of uniformed police officers picked Underwood up to take him back to the station.
“Ha freaking ha. No, dickhead, there’s CCTV cameras over there and if Mrs Price was coming straight from her place to the cliffs then there’s a good chance those takeaways caught her on tape.” John explained bad-temperedly, folding his arms over his chest when the detective turned back to him.
“Good afternoon to you too, I come bearing news. Since Dr Watson’s recent blog post about the black market in donor organs there’s been a growing public clamour, both to catch the criminals responsible and to address the lack of legitimate organs. The Prime Minister has responded by agreeing to set up a task force to examine different options aimed at increasing the numbers of people registering as potential donors.” Mycroft bowed his head slightly towards John. “It seems that your talent for citizen journalism has paid dividends once again.”
“What’s up?” John listened for a moment before pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration. “…Harry, it’s not even three o’clock in the afternoon and you’re already in this state… alright, fine, I’ll come and get you. Where are you? …Ok, stay there.” John hung up with a weary groan as he got to his feet.
“Aha!” Sherlock called out as he opened the fourth locker. There was an eye sitting on the top shelf and a partially straightened out coat hanger on the bar underneath. “This locker belongs to… Alice. So, Alice has done something to upset our killer apparently.” John was only half listening as he picked up a jewellery box and opened it.
“Morning, Greg, this a social call or do you have a body for me?” John replied, maybe a little colder than he really intended. It wasn’t the Inspector’s fault that Sherlock was an idiot who thought faking his death and lying about it for two years was acceptable behaviour between friends.
“A brilliant treatment plan, let me just go draw up the prescription.”
What would John have had to occupy his time with once he’d successfully completed his crusade?
“It’s supposed to sting, you wimp, and don’t snap at me just because you’re annoyed that a lawyer managed to clock you.” John replied sullenly as he continued, he tried not to provoke Sherlock when he was in these moods but couldn’t help defending himself at times.
“Your suit is ready!” Sherlock was holding a garment bag aloft by the hanger, the illustrious name of Steed of Saville Row embroidered into the fabric. John frowned and leaned back in his chair with a confused look on his face.
“Can we just bypass your tedious pride fuelled resistance for once? It’s bad enough that you still insist on keeping your locum position when the money we get from cases is more than adequate to support the both of us.” The detective watched as John’s nostrils flared, normally a sure sign that he was about to start shouting but the doctor bit his lip hard and took a deep breath.
“Mr- ahem! You are under arrest for…” He frowned, realising that he should have asked for more details. “…for doing something illegal to John Watson. You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence…” He continued as they led the suspect out of the house, definitely one of his less conventional arrests, that’s for sure.
“Christ, that was good. Any time you feel like cooking again, Sherlock, feel free. You don’t need to wait for an invitation.” John pushed his plate away and sat back in his chair with a satisfied noise, patting his full stomach. “Tasted better than a takeaway and it’s bound to be better for you.” The detective piled the plates together, using his long arms to put them in the sink without getting up.
“Didn’… kno…” John coughed and managed to wheeze out a couple more syllables before Sherlock shushed him. John was breathing a little bit easier now, the synthetic adrenalin abating the reaction a touch. There was a knock on the door and two paramedics ran up the stairs into the living room when they were let in by Mrs Hudson.
“I was thinking of working the pancuronium angle next. As you said, it’s hard to get a hold of if you don’t have a reason to need it. It’s used on patients undergoing surgery as a muscle relaxant so hospitals mi-” As the lift stopped there was a ding from Sherlock’s phone, signifying a message. “Scratch that, Lestrade needs us. Our killer has struck again.” John’s stomach sank as blue eyes met grey and a wordless understanding passed between them.
“When we get there, I’m going to go to the police station to look at Ms Walters’ file and effects to see if there’s anything to indicate foul play. I want you to go to the morgue to see what the autopsy threw up, or even better, to get a look at the body for yourself.” Sherlock informed his colleague of the plan; he knew the deceased’s body hadn’t been released for burial yet because there was meant to be a coroner’s inquiry on the following Monday.
“Can anyone in here count?” Sherlock looked around the room, getting nothing but vacant and confused stares back. “The reason that I ask is because despite the curator’s statement that this case was solved due ‘to the efforts of one man’, there is actually two men before you.” John blinked in bemusement as the detective turned and motioned to him.
“A house and car come to mind… I honestly can’t think of anything else that justifies that sort of outlay. You have to replace your gadgets so quickly as they are superseded by more powerful and advanced versions. I’d be too terrified to wear something that costs more than all my other possessions put together and you can get plenty of other decorative items for lesser sums.” John evidently wasn’t someone who was materialistic in the slightest.
“I know you are, John, but you can’t go to sleep just yet. If you do insist on closing your eyes then I’m going to press on your injured knee to wake you up.” Sherlock tried to keep his tone haughty, as if they were talking about the detective setting fire to one of John’s jumpers because his flatmate had thrown out an experiment to make room for the milk.
“That’s a very good question! I noticed that their firm seems to be very pro-diversity, hosting awareness events and donating to charities. A large portion of Mrs Teller’s job would be managing these sorts of things as part of an image strategy. It wouldn’t be the first time money meant for good causes was embezzled by greedy employees.” Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly as he leant over one desk to examine it as he spoke. At finding nothing more of interest, he straightened up.
jealous!” Sherlock insisted automatically, not even needing to look to know that Greg didn’t believe him. The detective ignored him as he moved on to another picture and scanned the faces carefully. He froze and leaned in closer. “Lestrade, come here! I think I’ve found our man.” The DI was beside him in a heartbeat, he compared the man that Sherlock was pointing to against the screen capture.
“John, I know about Callahan. I know about what he was, what he did to people.” Sherlock’s eyes contained an addendum to the words that had just been spoken
“I’ll do anything, John, just name it. I want to fix this! I’ll make it up to you somehow, I promise!” Sherlock didn’t want the image of his best friend’s tear streaked face stored in his Mind Palace but he wouldn’t delete it either. He needed to be reminded that no matter how logical the choice he’d made, there was a very real and human cost… and John had paid it for him.
“I’m sorry for the pain I’ve caused but it was necessary! Look at it this way, you wanted one last miracle, you asked me not to be dead and I’m not, I’m here!” John went completely rigid and the air temperature between them dropped sharply.
I feel, not in spite of it. My empathy motivates me, it makes me work harder, think faster, go longer.” John looked up at Sherlock’s face, wondering if he was in his Mind Palace as he wasn’t speaking much. But the detective was listening carefully, absorbing everything with a contemplative look.
“A large part of me hoped I was wrong; it couldn’t be true because I should have deduced it. But you’ve made an art of burying away the things you don’t want people to know. If there’s no evidence, no data, then no one can learn your secrets. You count on people not digging too far beneath the surface.” The legs of the stool screeched against the floor as John got to his feet shakily, he was breathing heavily but he plastered a clueless grin on his face.
3.	To date, John remains the most fascinating person I’ve ever met. Boredom is clearly
The detective had tried everything from bribery to threats and wasn’t above just dragging his lover there, hence John hiding in the park on the pretence of an emergency shift. He had actually called Sarah and begged her to let him come in but she didn’t want to pay him when he had no actual work to do.
“This is Cecilia Barratt, general manager of this branch of the RNIB. Normally she works in the back while volunteers man the shop out there. She was alive at 5:30pm when the shop closed up and the clerk went home, body was found at 8:22pm when a bouncer at the pub across the way noticed the lights were still on and raised the alarm.” Lestrade informed them as John and Sherlock both approached the body, the doctor lowering his head for a moment.
body.” Sherlock answered, practically giddy at the thought of John wearing this beautiful suit, whereas John was debating whether it was worth over or under eating for the next week and a half to make sure it didn’t fit.
“Knocking is still in fashion, you know.” Mycroft peered over his cut crystal glass as he took a slow sip of scotch. “Were you seen?”
Greg took out the picture from the file and started studying the photos at one end while Sherlock took the other, pulling out his pocket magnifier. They’d been looking for a few minutes when the DI piped up.
“Has being up here helped you to think?” The detective tugged his gloves up higher on his hands, wishing he had some thicker ones for once. John nodded in answer, turning so he was facing Sherlock straight on.
“I’ve just realised something. You’ve not had a single date since I came back.” Sherlock had ignored the question and was standing in the middle of the living room looking at John like he was a very interesting puzzle to solve, revealing the line his thoughts had been taking since their conversation over lunch. The former soldier sighed as he walked into the kitchen to put the detective’s sandwich away.
“How long ago was the report published?” Sherlock asked as Mycroft used the remote to turn the TV back off, just turning his body on the chair rather than turning it back around. “What’s John been doing with himself since he cleared my name?” There was a trace of worry in his voice because it looked like the doctor felt responsible for setting Sherlock up for a fall.
Two days later and Sherlock was sitting in his chair, looking through a stack of papers with interest. He heard the stairs creaking and John yawned as he padded in to the living room in his dressing gown, heading straight for the kettle.
It had had the potential to be an interesting case but it turned out to have been a simple crime of opportunity. A security guard took advantage of a random power cut and stole the sculpture with the intention of melting it down to take advantage of the high price of gold.
(See the end of the chapter for
Emergency medicine; John was in his element here. It would be wrong to say he ‘enjoyed’ it, these were real people who were suffering, no decent human being could be happy at seeing that. But he did feel useful and the sense of accomplishment he got whenever a patient was handed over safely to a ward reinforced a positive feedback loop that told him that he was where he needed to be.
“They probably want you to comment on it then, and to ask you if you were in on it from the start, I guess. Come on, I’ll take you home, they’re probably camped out on your doorstep. I’ll make sure you get inside as unmolested as possible.” The Inspector offered as he led them to where he’d left his car.
When they pulled back up at Baker Street, Sherlock didn’t wait for John. He tore out of the car before it had even really stopped, flying up the stairs into 221b and grabbing his violin to have an atonal chat with it. He heard the doctor come up the stairs and head straight into the kitchen to make tea.
John had turned to walk to the kitchen when he was pulled back in to Sherlock’s chest, lean but strong arms wrapped around him as lips were pressed against his insistently. The detective ran his tongue along John’s bottom lip to encourage him to open his mouth, diving inside to lay claim to it once he did so.
“So what, do you not trust me or something?” Sherlock spat out venomously, gasping when John actually flinched. “My God, I’m right, aren’t I? You don’t trust me anymore! You said that you’d forgiven me!” Sherlock put his violin away angrily so he could pace the living room like a fuming wild cat.
“Of course I’ll help, it’s not as if I’ll be going out of my way really. Just a few flights of stairs.” Sherlock opened the door and let the doctor walk through. “But first, let’s go somewhere and get warmed up. We could go to Angelo’s if you’re hungry? Kill two birds with one stone.” John’s stomach growled as if on cue, making the pair of them laugh, the tension between them finally dissipating.
“There he is! We were just getting to know Dr Watson while we waited for you.” Sigur Holmes rose from his seat to give his youngest son a hug, which Sherlock tolerated, doing the same with Violet and giving her a kiss on the cheek before he took the seat next to John.
(See the end of the chapter for
Later and Sherlock was in a relatives’ waiting room, he wasn’t sure how he’d got to the hospital. Did he ride with John? Did Lestrade give him a lift? Had he spoken to the doctors yet? Had someone informed them of John’s medical history? Speaking of the Detective Inspector, he arrived and pushed open the door with his hip because his hands were full carrying two paper cups.
“Sherlock just wants to spoil you, surely you could let him indulge on occasion without it insulting your masculinity?” Mycroft heard John exhale sharply and when he spoke again, his irritation was apparent in his tone.
“Found it! In the study!” Another officer called from farther into the house. When Sherlock, John and Lestrade arrived, they found two desks facing each other in the centre of the room. The eyeball was sitting in the open drawer of one of the filing cabinets along the wall. Sherlock folded one arm across his chest and tapped his lips with a finger from the other hand.
:: So, talcum powder, vitamin C and cream of tartar then? I’m not even going to ask why; I’ll be back soon. – JW ::
“And if that’s what someone like me can work out, just imagine the things that Sherlock will know about you. I do sincerely hope you didn’t ‘help’ your relative along in the expectation of some sort of inheritance, he loves putting those kinds of people away.” John made a calculated push of the man’s buttons and wasn’t disappointed when he lunged towards him.
On a hunch, Sherlock pulled out his own mobile and checked the ACAS website. Sure enough, on the forum there was a new thread, apparently started by AmateurAffineur entitled ‘The debt has been repaid’. Sherlock clicked on it to bring up the text. It read:
An awkward silence filled the space between them, the only audible sounds being that of the heart monitor and the gentle thrum of background activity in the halls of the hospital around them.
The car picked him up on time and Sherlock was sitting in the back seat, glaring out of the window when he realised that he still had John’s note in his hand. His eyes caught on to the word ‘inadequate’ and he froze as he finally registered what John had said and implied in that line and the next. Sherlock had made his partner and best friend feel like he wasn’t good enough for him.
“What are you doing here, Mycroft?” He grumbled before the kitchen door had even opened. The older brother walked into the room, completely immune to the frosty reception.
“Hmm, well I suppose it’ll be a nice day out if it turns out that she was just drunk or something.” John was too busy looking for his notebook to see the small flick of a smile that crossed the detective’s face. Sherlock was under no illusions that his friend probably suspected his ulterior motives for this trip at the very least, he was just glad that John was going along with it.
He brought up his leg, using it to hurl the thief away from him and into the opposite wall.
The Steed suit had been taken out of the bag and was lying on the bed with a folded piece of paper on top of it. Sherlock strode across the room and picked up the note. It read:
“Thanks, Mrs H, you are an absolute star. Mr Doyle, come down to my flat and I’ll pay you for these and get it put away.” Doyle nodded his agreement and the pair of them went past the stairs that led up to 221b, to John’s door. “There’s steps just behind the entrance, they are sometimes a little damp from condensation so take care, don’t want you to slip.”
Harry reached across the table and patted John's hand affectionately. "Don't be sorry John. Anyone would be rattled after what happened to you. But you're here and he isn't. You're safe."
Molly chuckled nervously, and John could see her blush slightly. Whoever this Sherlock was, apparently Molly had some type of feelings for him, John thought.
*****
Sherlock, captivated by this intriguing mix of scents, took a look around the club to see where this lovely symphony of smells was coming from. With his gaze towards the left side, he saw a small blond man sitting alone at a table, watching the dancers and smiling, head and shoulders bobbing from side to side in time with the music. He'd found the source, and he had to meet him.
Victor appeared. He frowned upon seeing John. “Everything okay?”
"You would run away to Los Angeles and overdose on pills again, going through the torture of having your stomach pumped, just to have a few minutes with me?" John was in disbelief. "Come on Sherlock, I'm nothing special. I'm just an ordinary kid living an ordinary life."
"So," John said, "you already know what you'll be doing for the pics?"
"Well John, what are waiting for? Let's go!"
"God, we'd thought you'd never ask!" Greg enthused. "We brought our beach gear."
"You suspect that man in the yellow sweater at the bar of being Discopath, and you're right. He's been on my radar for the last ten minutes." He held out his hand. "Sherlock Holmes."
Rosie nodded. "She agreed to take on a double shift - one of the X-ray techs at A&E had to leave suddenly, her kid got hit in the nose during rugby practice, so Jas is covering her hours. She'll be home before seven-thirty. She's got leftover blackened salmon waiting for her."
*****
John had brought his old uniform, as well as an olive-green vest and a pair of camouflage trousers he'd purchased at Primark for the photo shoot. He'd also made sure to wear his dog tags, and he was hitting the gym when time allowed to buff up his physique, which was still pretty fit thanks to some healthier eating and running after a toddler. Evie was an energetic little thing, always on the go, but John relished the time he spent with his daughter. It was all he had left of Mary.
Several radio stations in the United States banned Baby It's Cold Outside in 2018, when the #MeToo movement picked up steam on social media due to the lyrics.
No, no, no, no! He couldn't lose it, not here, not with his friends, the men who knew what it was like to be in the thick of hell day in and day out. But this John Watson couldn't be like Quinn. He was a veteran too, and friends with Luke. He couldn't be sadistic and vicious like the Quinn who brutally attacked him and left him for dead.
"Okay folks. I suggest you sit back down and prepare for a long night, because nobody is leaving this building."
"I didn't. I didn't then, and I'm sure as hell not now." John gazed lovingly into Sherlock's eyes. "Let's go inside, dry off, and talk about our future."
John got in the car and he and his mom took off. Angelo saw the car across the street start up too and head in the same direction. He thought that was weird and a bit spooky. With that crazy murderer on the loose, he couldn't be sure of anything anymore.
*****
It was a humid day in August, and a thunderstorm was brewing on the horizon. John was in Sussex for a medical conference, and Sherlock had come with him, since his parents' cottage was in Sussex and he wanted to take a look at the old apiaries in the back. And by staying there, the two didn't have to rent a hotel room.
Check back next time to see how Sherlock's meeting with John and Bryan goes...I have a feeling John will need to use some "heavy persuasion" to get Sherlock to investigate...
"I did," Sherlock proudly asserted.
"Let's walk. It's a nice evening," John answered.
Sherlock grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist, joining John on the lounger. He leaned in and kissed John and rested his head on his shoulder. "For the record John, I also think of you as a Greek god, the god Aether. He was the god of light and the upper atmosphere. He embodies the pure air that other gods need to breathe. For you are my conductor of light and every time I see you smiling at me, or congratulating me on solving a case, you take my breath away, but give it back to me again and again, even stronger than before."
A chorus of boos and angry murmurs followed his comments.
He moved to where he could see his car and leaned up against the building, closing his eyes and singing along to the music, which could be heard all the way through the parking lot. He opened up his eyes and gazed up towards the sky. It was 7:30 and the sun was beginning to set. Off to the right, a glowing half-moon hung in the orange-pink sky.
"Good thing I'm out of school then," Ella replied, wiping her sweaty forehead. "I don't miss the homework."
a big deal John, because he followed you inside and is staring at you like he wants to rip your clothes off!” Molly chided. “What if he tries it with someone else?”
John motioned for Bryan to come inside. "Come in. I'm in the middle of fixing dinner, peas and mash. Want any?"
"Hi John. It's been an extremely slow day. I've managed to scrub down most of the kitchen. The deliveryman dropped off hamburger buns and rolls which need to be put away in the pantry."
Very short and slightly smutty chapter. 😉
John’s eyes widened in surprise. “Janine? Sherlock?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and leaned in. "You don't know the half of it." He winked at John before dashing away, leaving John to shake his head, wondering what he was getting into, but he knew whatever it was, it wasn't going to be boring.
"Yes. He showed him the matchbook. "The killer left this at the scene of one of the fires. I'm hoping maybe you waited on someone that said he was from Sherrinford, and told you about himself."
John smiled sadly and sat down next to Sherlock. "I didn't feel you'd appreciate them, being 'naughty pictures.' I know you have first class taste."
A new chapter of his life began on January 29th, 2010 when he met Sherlock Holmes in the St. Bart's morgue. He'd run into his old friend Mike Stamford, and agreed to come visit him at his job. He locked eyes with Sherlock, and never looked back. Now he was getting married a second time, to his true love. John never thought he'd end up dating, much less marrying a man. He'd known he was bisexual ever since he was sixteen, but thanks to his father's rampant homophobia, he kept it a secret. As soon as he left for uni, he outed himself, and then he was able to truly live his life how he wanted.
"We don't. The plan is to make the arrest as soon as he's outside."
Greg Lestrade-Holmes let out a sigh of his own. "You're the one being the insufferable git. No wonder you can't find someone to move in here and help you with rent. Mike told me you turned down a perfectly nice friend of his, and all because he had a little girl. I think having a child in here would do wonders for you. It might stop you from being a drug-addled idiot."
John's cell phone rang, he recognized the ringtone for Mrs. Hudson. "Hey Mrs. H. Happy New Year."
"I came back to the flat and saw you weren't here, so I figured the only reason you'd be out in this weather would be to pick up our daughter early from nursery, and knowing you don't like to pay for taxis, chose to walk. So I called a taxi to come here because I didn't want you both walking back in this mess."
"Well, I guess we better part ways. Talk to you all later!" Molly waved bye and left carrying a now sleeping Sadie. Greg said his goodbyes and headed to the bouncy house with the older kids. Mike and Robyn were also gone.
John put down his pencil and turned towards the voice. It was Eurus Holmes. "Hello," he said nonchalantly.
John was leaning against the kitchen counter, talking to his mother on the phone. "Hey Mom, I'd thought I'd call to let you know I'm okay. Harry, Clarence and I just got back from dinner. I'm going to get a shower, and read for a bit before going to bed. Then tomorrow, Harry and I are heading to the beach to surf. How are you?"
Sherlock reached down and lightly kissed John. "Perfect."
"Sweetie, Sherlock and I are going to let you get some rest and bond with the baby. We'll be back later this afternoon," John told her.
Sherlock leaned against the white brick wall, desperately craving a cigarette, wishing he had John’s mom’s pills, even if it was the main reason he’d been caught and locked up. He occasionally dabbled in harder drugs when he wanted to quiet his mind or he needed a quick high. His parents had habitually threatened to send him to rehab but always chickened out at the last minute.
"Thanks Mrs. Holmes. Tell Sherlock I hope he gets better soon."
The tall man and his son turned towards Rosie's voice. Sherlock saw John and he began to feel a flutter in his heart, like a butterfly gently flapping its wings. He was gorgeous. His silvery blond hair glowing in the autumn sunshine, soft crinkles framing his smile, his beautiful laughter a melody to Sherlock's ears. Even in his happy stance he could see the military posture. Sherlock always had a thing for soldiers. His older, annoying brother had teased him about it, calling it a military kink.
Mycroft got up. He had to leave the room. Something had to be done about Sherlock. He knew his own behavior regarding Molly was suspect, but he couldn't see anyone else hurt. He quietly crept to the front doors and walked out towards the green Aston Martin in the driveway. He was soon speeding down Baker Street, and on towards town.
"John you're beautiful. A silver fox if there ever was one," Sherlock told him lovingly, still amazed that after all these years, they were together and more in love than ever.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and gave him a warm kiss. "Hey."
, she thought to herself.
Sherlock closed his eyes, and it wasn't long before he was asleep, images of John filling his mind.
"Because I want to, okay?" Sherlock narrowed his eyes and continued to primp himself in front of his bedroom mirror.
Sherlock shook his head. "My John. You never fail to surprise me. I'm still worried though. We probably should cancel our trip to my parents' house Christmas Day and just spend it quietly at the flat. A long car trip combined with a long day with my parents and Mycroft won't be comfortable for you."
For the next thirty minutes, the two shared laughs and kisses as one by one, the boxes were opened. When it was all done, Sherlock had:
Luke chuckled. "It is that. It seems every time I have to leave the house for doctor's appointments, or to the gym, or to my veterans' support group, it's raining." He peered at John with a hint of a smile. "So John, my wife told me all about you, and I find it fascinating you're using your military background being a dominator."
"I want to thank you for coming clean. Sherlock started to tell me, but it's probably better it came from you."
Now he’s here in America, California of all places, land of dreams where gullible young girls come to try and become famous actresses but end up either waitressing in greasy dives or selling their bodies on the street.  Mummy and Father thought moving across the world would give them a clean slate, a fresh start where no one would know who they were. That they could become another upper-class suburban family, doing mundane suburban activities. He didn’t want any of it. Until he saw John Watson last night at the roller rink.
"I do cut a pretty good figure for pushing almost 70," John said proudly.
Irene shrugged again. "I have a reputation to maintain, you know that." She stood up and adjusted her red scarf that was wrapped around her neck. "Come on honey, let's get out of here. Unfortunately it's time for our government class."
"Well, what are you in the mood for? I could make something, or I could get takeout."
The boys spend a quiet, relaxing Saturday in the flat.
Later, when things were winding down, John praised Sherlock for his fun presentation and asked him where he'd gotten the idea.
The couple weren't robbed, and Sally wasn't raped. Someone had just shown up with a butcher knife, surprised the two in their car, and nearly hacked them to pieces. Because of the current evidence, the speculation was that the killings were racially motivated since Sally was black and Phillip white.
Another clap of thunder rumbled, and this time a streak of lighting lit up the dark sky. "We have to dash or we'll get soaked," John warned.
"You were a little better but not 100 percent. A lot better than Victor though, he has bronchitis."
The two girls exited the nearly empty cafeteria, just wanting to get through the rest of the day. But they, along with everyone else at Culverton, were in for a rude awakening.
"Yes. You should have seen them beg for their lives, the cowards."
“Laters!” John called out, with a wave, and soon he was in the other direction heading towards the bus stop. Sherlock watched him go, pretending not to be aroused by the little swagger going on with his bum, which filled out nicely in his jeans.
"Pleasure meeting you all," John said.
Now that my birthday celebrations are over with, here's a new chapter!
Suddenly he smacked his forehead. "Oh shit, I need to get back to the booth, that last song is probably done and everyone sure's to wonder what's going on!"
"He talked about other people more instead of his family. Mentioned some by name, and he didn't have good things to say about them. Some guy named Carl Powers. He said he was a bully and was harassing his son and his son's friend. Then there were three more---Marty, Arthur, or Art, and Hope. But Hope wasn't a first name, because it wasn't a girl. It was a last name."
The two continued to watch what used to be Sherrinford Community Church be destroyed by raging flames. "It's like staring into the pits of hell," Jody murmured.
There was silence, and John immediately regretted what he said. "I'm sorry. It's just that, well, I'm in a bind here. You know my family doesn't want me talking to you. It's making me uncomfortable. I had to lie and say it was a friend I'm talking to, and I don't like doing that."
Sherlock smiled upon seeing John. He ran his long hands through his dark curls trying to tame them and John chuckled at the sight. "Cute," he told Sherlock.
John let out a whistle. “Wow, what a creep.”
"I don't think you realize how attractive you are," Victor told him seriously. "As a matter of fact, I'd like to take you out to dinner sometime."
Sherlock doesn't say anything, continuing to pout. "Yeah, I thought so. You need to eat, you stubborn greaser."
John's phone buzzed. He looked down and saw it was a text from Luke.
Sherlock's Cupid's Bow lips formed into a pout, and John laughed. "Sorry Sher, but I have a Homecoming meeting after school, and then I'm going right to the restaurant. But, you can come over to my house when I'm done. I should be home by six-thirty, which means you get me for two hours." John grinned, showing off his perfect white teeth, his blue eyes sparkling, and it wasn't long before Sherlock's pout quirked up into a small smile.
“I’m glad you approve,” John retorted. “Now leave me alone. And tell your brother to leave Molly alone. He really scared her. Go find another way to get your kicks.” He locked eyes with Sherlock, face hardened into steel.
John chuckled. "Well, you're going to need to if you want to pass this class and become a doctor. Not to mention if you want to get with that omega you've fallen for."
"There wasn't much to tell. He talked about his wrestling. Well, he bragged. He was very proud of his titles."
Four items on the list were already checked off, setting a date, picking a venue, food, and choosing a theme. The two wanted to enjoy having some time being engaged, so they decided to marry the following year. John didn't want a late spring or summer wedding, due to his first wedding taking place in June, and Sherlock didn't want to get married in the winter time. They thought about September or October, before John suggested Good Friday. Not because of the religious aspect, but because Good Friday was a bank holiday, along with Easter Sunday, so that would give them some time to unwind from the wedding before heading off for a honeymoon. Sherlock liked that idea, and suggested an evening wedding. John was perfectly fine with that. His first wedding had been at eleven in the morning, which gave him not a lot of time for rest.
"I only care about mine, and making this town pay."
"Shame our dinner is a waste though. Angelo made us fresh chicken marsala and breadsticks, and I had picked it up right before I was jumped," John murmured.
John laughed and kissed his detective again. "Okay you win. We'll have a quiet Christmas at home. I'm sure Mrs. Hudson will have enough food leftover from Christmas Eve we can munch on."
Mycroft joined his sister in watching the pool. “Gorgeous isn’t it? But I doubt you’ll be able to drown anyone in this one. Much too public.”
Jim Moriarty had been vocal in expressing his fury at what happened to Sebastian. The escort service that Quinn used which set him up with Sebastian did a thorough background check and nothing came up, because no one knew of his past crimes. But they knew they might get sued, so they paid out a handsome settlement to Sebastian.
"I think he was trying to impress you. Sherlock has a thing for blonds and soldiers, especially blond soldiers," Molly said with a coy smile. She turned to Irene. "Do you remember the time you and I went to his flat to pay him for his consulting work and that guy rushed out of the door in nothing but his boxer briefs and dog tags?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dad? Hey Dad?" Brett tugged on Sherlock's sleeve. "Dad?"
He stood up, stonefaced. Without a word, he let Pete lead him away from the house and to his car. Molly put her head in her hands and started to cry, and her mom sat down next to her and put a comforting arm around her. "It'll be okay sweetheart. We'll talk to the police and see if they can persuade him to stay away."
*****
John nodded. "Want to watch it with me? And then later I'll make us dinner. We've got some steaks in the fridge, I could use that marinade and we have the grill on the deck."
*****
The doorbell rang, jostling Janine from her thoughts. "I'll get it!" she called out, running through the foyer to the front. She opened the pristine white double doors and saw Irene Adler standing there, red hair shiny and hanging loose. She wore a pale blue off-the-shoulder top and pink shorts. "Hey," she said cheerfully.
Dave grinned back. "That's all we can do."
"Hey John!" Luke called happily as the short blond doctor was in his sight.
"And you're a great little sister."
"Molly, I gotta say, you're one sexy little angel," Sally said, giving her a thumbs up.
"Well you would know, you've got to go to one yourself to keep those lovely curls of yours under control," John replied, winking at him again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock snorted in reply.
Other students filed in. It was a small class. Not a lot of teens wanted to take chemistry for last period, their brains already taxed and the last thing they wanted to do was try and get their tired minds wrapped around compounds and formulas.
Wanda was sitting in the kitchen, adding up figures on a spreadsheet. She had called work and told them she wouldn't be in because of John, but asked if she could do some work from home. So one of her co-workers drove some paperwork to her. "Mr. Reichenbach wanted someone to make sure the totals matched up with what he came up with, and since you're the math genius at the office, who better than you?" Bonnie Evans, one of the secretaries, playfully teased, as she put the stack on her table.
Centuries ago, many marriages were pretty much property exchanges. The bride's family would have a dowry, and technically sell her to the groom. Even now, in some cultures throughout the world, brides were still considered property.
There was tense silence in the room for what seemed like ages. Then finally, Sherlock spoke. "John left town?" He sounded very remorseful.
A gruesome crime scene, a cold rainy evening, in other words, a typical night for the Yard and our two boys. But it's John that cracks the case!
"For telling my parents to tell John's mom about your brother. I know it must have been hard for you, he is your flesh and blood."
"Are you going to the meeting?" John asked.
"Goodnight Sherlock." John hung up the phone and composed himself before stepping out of the bedroom. He had to nip this Sherlock situation in the bud. When he returned home next week he would keep his promise, but it would be to tell him the only relationship they could have would be as classmates in school. He was not going to risk upsetting his family and friends for a boy.
Sarah entered, carrying a large torch. "Apparently we're the only ones whose lights and electricity has gone out. Valerie is calling the power company to see if they have any information."
"Me? What for?" John asked sincerely.
Sherlock watched as the DJ rolled his shoulders. He'd suffered an injury to his left shoulder, he could see him working out the kinks. The detective began to get a little mesmerized by his ministrations and he needed to shake himself out of it. He had a criminal to catch and he couldn't do it while becoming attracted to the DJ.
I most definitely had one of those tops that said "FUN" on it back in the 80's. It was hot pink with bright yellow letters.
*****
Sherlock closes his eyes, relaxed and calm with the weight of Rosie on his chest, who's quickly falling to sleep again. He tenderly rubs circles into her back, rippling the soft flannel of her white bee-and-flower printed nightgown, and kisses her curls again. "Love you Bee," he whispers to her.
The tragic killings follow Friday night's attempted murder of Harold Saxon, principal of Culverton Smith High. Principal Saxon is currently recovering at Gatiss General Hospital.
A new song started playing, "Baby It's Cold Outside," by Idina Menzel and Michael Buble. Sherlock wrapped an arm around his blogger. "I don't think I told you the story of one of my first cases I solved for Lestrade and the Yard, before I met you. This song played a huge role."
Molly took John by the arm again. "That's why I'm taking you to meet him so you can find out for yourself."
The three amicably parted ways, with John's mood even brighter than it was when he woke up this morning to see Evie standing by his bedside, with her arms out, wanting a hug and greeting him with a "goo morn Daddy."
John immediately sensed it was a personal attack. Most people who stab their victims to death know their victims. Who would want to brutally knife a teacher to death? An angry parent? A disgruntled co-worker? The night janitors were the one that found her body after reporting to the school for their shift at five-thirty. The school day had ended at three, so the murder had taken place between three and five-thirty. Nobody was in the school when they arrived.
*****
“Take it seriously then,” Bryan warned. “You better beware John.” He looked at his watch. “I’d better get home. I’ll see you next Monday at the meeting?”
Happier than ever, John planted a big, wet kiss on Sherlock. "I'm so glad we're able to compromise. How about you and I order some takeaway and go over the list."
The lanky alpha grinned madly. "That means you'll be taking care of me."
John glanced down at Warren's cock, which was flushed and swollen. He stroked it even faster, the hand on his shoulder moving down to Warren's left nipple. He twisted the nub, and dropped the crop, taking Warren in hand. Soon the man was coming, exploding all over John's hand as he shouted "Sir!"
“I wasn’t even sure if these feelings were mutual, again you are very good at keeping your secrets when you want to. But if your increased respiration, dilated pupils and, quite frankly, galloping heart rate is anything to go by, I’d say you’ve been attracted to me for a long time too.” Sherlock’s voice was breathy and John felt as though those grey eyes were burning his skin wherever their gaze touched. The former soldier blushed a deep crimson and stood up, overwhelmed and feeling the urge to escape.
“I’ll take you with me!” The words were blurted out as the detective grabbed John’s wrist before he could take a step. “I promise if I have to disappear again, then I’ll take you with me. I’ve broken your trust so many times that I don’t have any right to expect you to give it to me again… but I’m begging you to do so all the same.”
“Two sexual relationships, both men, both in university. After the second one broke down in literal flames, I decided that it wasn’t worth the hassle and went celibate till now.” The cabin was in sight finally, which was good as Sherlock could tell that John was beginning to flag a bit.
:: John, let me make it abundantly clear to you. You didn’t put me in danger; Moriarty was watching me before we met. You didn’t fail to protect me; I never gave you the chance to do so. You need to forgive yourself because it’s obvious it wasn’t my forgiveness you were seeking. – SH ::
“What are you trying to tell me, John?” Sherlock’s voice was barely above a whisper, knowing that his friend was baring his soul to him right now, so he wanted to make sure he got the message.
Sherlock stopped moving and raised his hands in a gesture of peace.
Sherlock had never believed for one second that he’d succeeded in hiding his… regard
“Have you ever met a doctor who has stopped caring? Or a soldier maybe? It makes for some pretty appalling situations, trust me. No, I am a good doctor
John handed them over without a fuss, Sherlock ran John’s hand under the cold tap briefly, hoping to irrigate the wounds and reduce some of the pain at the same time. The detective was using a clean flannel to dab it dry when his friend was finally ready to speak.
“Ouch! Careful!” John gasped and flinched away from his lover’s touch on his left hip. That was when Sherlock remembered that John had fallen during his dramatic escape. Sherlock moved so he was standing in front of John, his hands went to the doctor’s trousers, undoing them and sliding them down a little to reveal a large black bruise on the outside of the hip bone.
:: Wait. He said he left his phone at home. But Holly asked him to meet her at the cliff. – SH ::
Ten minutes later, John came out tentatively, he couldn’t help thinking that it would have taken his father months to save up and buy this suit, and that was assuming he’d forgone bills and food completely in the meantime. When Sherlock caught sight of him, he looked like he might have squealed in delight if he wasn’t a thirty-something adult male.
“Hello there, Sally, no juvenile name calling today? What should I make of that, hmm? Am I to assume then that you missed my presence these last two years?” He watched as she snorted and shook her head.
“I do trust you, I just never wanted you to see me when I’m being so…”
“I’m with the coroner’s office, I’m just gathering some information in anticipation for the inquest. Can you tell me how Ms Walters was when she left your offices yesterday?”
“Yes, I wanted to talk to you. More than the handful of words we’ve exchanged as our paths crossed in the hallway, I mean.” Sherlock answered as he instinctively took in John’s appearance to see what kind of day he’d had.
“We need more blankets and bed linens, please, soon as you can.” John grabbed an orderly by the arm as he passed. The department was running out of everything due to the sheer volume of seriously injured patients flowing in. He’d already put in an urgent request for more O negative blood from the blood bank, he could only hope there was enough to go around all the hospitals dealing with this tragedy.
A six-week-old newspaper that was on the kitchen counter caught his eye, the headline declared ‘Holmes Is Alive!’ with his picture front and centre. Dread filled Sherlock’s stomach and he had just enough time to register someone behind him before his world went black.
“Won’t you try it on, at least?” He eventually asked in a hopeful tone, watching as initially it looked like John was going to refuse but he changed his mind.
“Nonsense. You feel inadequate because your child’s blindness is incurable, something that chafes against you as both a father and a doctor. So you throw yourself at supporting causes, to feel like you’re doing something useful for her. When you’ve noticed people taking from the charities, it’s almost like a personal attack on you and who you love.” Dr Chen took a step back, as if physically struck by the detective’s words, laying his internal struggles out before him.
“I’ll tell you what I am… bored out of my mind. It wasn’t so bad the first couple of days as the morphine pretty much made me sleep 90% of the time and the other 10% was funny because I was off my face.” John half grumbled as he used the remote to adjust the head of his bed.
hard and you weren’t moving. I’ve never been so terrified in my life. Not when I was in deep cover in Russia. Or even when I was captured in Serbia.” Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on to John’s chest, watching the steady rise and fall and trying to take comfort from it.
A few hours later and John was sporting a splint on his left hand, having broken his third metacarpal bone with bruising to the second and fourth. The doctor had filled his friend in on what had happened last night, neglecting to mention the fact he’d fainted at the big reveal or that he’d cried himself dry afterwards.
“Stay awake, Doc, you need to keep those eyes open! That’s an order!” The Detective Inspector’s voice sounded so distant and John’s lips mouthed an apology as his consciousness slipped away from him.
“That was the fact-finding exercise announced roughly five months after your ‘death’, mostly thanks to the tireless efforts of one Doctor John Watson.” Mycroft swished the liquid in his glass and indicated to a file on his desk. Sherlock picked it up and started flicking through it.
“They don’t count, you wouldn’t take a stabbing and call it fencing.” Sherlock stated assuredly as he moved his hand so he could squeeze John’s wrist. “Though it is possible to stab someone during a fencing match, but that’s beside the point and rather complicates my metaphor… Ow!” The detective tutted as he accidentally nipped his tongue, making the doctor huff in amusement.
Sherlock wasn’t sure about what to do, as it was John seemed to be pretending that he wasn’t there. The detective chewed his lip as he tried to work out what was wrong.
“Even three complaints and a demotion didn’t stop him, John. I can understand your reasons but you need to stop continually flogging yourself, and not just about this. You blame yourself for everything and you never ever cut yourself any slack.” Sherlock moved from his chair so he was sitting next to John on the couch.
The doctor was currently combing through the disclosures of related party transactions for any suspicious movements of money.
He couldn’t help wondering that sometimes, especially as he knew the last reported ‘gas explosion’ was actually due to Semtex, a sniper and a psychopath with a sing-song voice.
John’s head wound was bandaged and his knee was in a brace. He was bare chested, showing black/purple bruising covering his entire torso. Sherlock found himself biting his lip hard at seeing the former soldier looking so broken and vulnerable.
“Service record won’t be a problem. The details of any incidents, complaints or disciplinary action could be more difficult. Due to data protection and confidentiality.” The Inspector answered as he looked over some photographs, they were mostly group shots of the recruits that enrolled in the Academy at Sandhurst. He noted there was no obvious family photos.
John grabbed the pair of Brioni designer sunglasses from Sherlock’s front pocket before he could argue and used the blade to pop the lenses out of the frame. He wrapped them in some tissues and crushed them into coarse sand. Then using some mud as a bonding agent, he rubbed the toes and upper half of the soles of his trainers into the ground glass.
“Why didn’t I hear anything?” Sherlock grumbled to himself as he pulled his head back inside the window. Then he realised that John probably timed his escape to coincide with when Sherlock had had his shower, using the sound of running water to cover any noise he made. The detective growled as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called John, but he’d evidently turned it off as it went straight to voicemail.
“No, I will apologise even if he doesn’t think I owe him one. I’ve been a right bastard to him and he didn’t actually deserve it.” John replied with a small shake of his head, his shoulder was bothering him so he began stretching it out as he spoke. These exercises were so familiar to him, he could probably do them in his sleep.
“I’ll be taking my leave now too, seeing as the patient is as well as can be expected. Thank you both for your help in tracking down the tablet. Do try and control your urges to coddle the good doctor, little brother, it’s most unbecoming.” John was very impressed with Sherlock for managing to hold his tongue at the verbal dig. Mycroft gave them both a polite nod and left them to it.
Sherlock thought as he retrieved the half-bottle of whiskey he’d brought out of a pocket in the trench coat and gathered the ex-soldier’s upper body in his arms.
“John, I know you must be very confused right now…” Sherlock got to his feet deliberately slowly, not wanting to startle or provoke his friend any. “… and you’ve likely got a number of questions that I’ll happily answer, but please try and remain calm.” John snorted incredulously at that as he folded his shaking arms over his chest and finally found his voice again.
“But don’t forget he was in on the plan too!” Sherlock found himself bristling defensively and getting irritated despite himself. “How can you have forgiven him but not me? That’s hardly fair!”
“Guilty as charged! You know me, I like constantly being on the go. But thanks for caring, Phil, I’ll catch you later!” John waved goodbye to Sally and the other officers as he stopped briefly by the forensics equipment to remove his protective gear before grabbing another taxi and heading for New Scotland Yard.
“Yes, well, the only thing I regret about my impromptu press statement is it’s likely to fuel the rumours again. It doesn’t bother me any but you’re going to have to start insisting you’re straight again like you always did before.” The detective stated as the waitress came back with their plates, placing the food down in front of them before retreating.
“Even if I believed that was your real reason for getting them, which I don’t, it doesn’t explain why you’ve kept them unopened nor why you were trying to hide them from me. You keep your lidocaine plasters and other painkillers in the medicine cabinet. So why not do that with these, hmm?” John could hear Sherlock tapping his foot impatiently, waiting for a response.
“I know, Greg, it was out of your hands. Don’t keep beating yourself up about it.” John told him as he pulled his phone out of his pocket to take it off of silent mode and blinked. “What the hell?! I have seventeen missed calls and god knows how many messages! …Oh no, they’re all from journalists, they must have caught wind of Sherlock being back from the dead. Fantastic.” John pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration.
“And anyway, apart from my medical expertise and the odd things like me knowing Braille, I don’t contribute much to the thought process of working out the case. I just bring the muscle.” If they’d been at home, he would have flexed his biceps to illustrate this, but he wasn’t about to do it in the middle of a crowded cafe.
“I can feel everything …and everything hurts.” John’s words were slurred slightly but he was quite alert. He winced as he tried to take a deep breath. “Skull feels like it’s caving in, it’s hard to breathe, knee’s sore, skin’s on fire… I’d found the storage freezers but there was a security guard… he saw me but I hid… I was… cornered… tried to make a break for… it. We fought.” It was obvious that it was becoming increasingly painful for John to speak so Sherlock shushed him.
“What? What on Earth are you talking about, John?” Sherlock blinked in surprise as he shot a look at his brother for an answer. Mycroft merely indicated towards the TV with his head. John had looked down at his feet and shifted his weight, which he tended to do when he felt uncomfortable.
“Fancy a little Brahms? Or Mendelsohn perhaps?” Sherlock asked, knowing they were two of John’s favourite composers. John smiled at him as he picked up his mug and settled back in his chair.
“Once you feel your cheese might be ready, you should test it first, if you get a negative reaction then you’ll need to revisit prior stages to rework your cheese. However, if the results are positive then you should be able to reap the fruits of all your hard work and see the time you’ve invested rewarded with a final product that you can show off proudly.”
“He is an idiot when it comes to emotions. You literally have to explain it to him like he’s a child. As far as he’s concerned, he’s back now so it’s places as usual. Like we’re meant to delete the last two years.” The doctor replied as he tested the motion of his fingers while wearing the splint.
inevitable.
“He might not have been a victim himself; Callahan could have preyed on someone he knows maybe. Also, if he has the phone, he’s not switched it on yet as the last telecoms mast ping was before TOD.” Greg drained the last of his coffee. “What do you think the killer plans to do with the phone anyway?”
“Size 5. We’ll have to see what size Aimee Price is…” Sherlock murmured to himself, standing up and stealing John’s torch to try and look for more evidence. “It might be enough to make her confess but I’d feel better if I had something more concrete to tie her to the crime.” John made an agreeing noise as he did a slow turn to give the area the benefit of a second set of eyes.
Sherlock stumbled and half fell/half slid down a steep muddy incline, he tried to dig his heels in to arrest his descent but only succeeded in catching his right leg on a branch, pain shooting up from his ankle as he finally came to a stop on a natural ledge.
Up ahead John saw Sherlock make a hand motion that meant he was going to try and cut Falcon off by taking another route to get ahead of him and he broke off to the left. The former soldier kept the target in his sights, gaining on him until Falco glanced back over his shoulder and caught his foot on some pallets behind a restaurant, sending him sprawling to the floor.
He could hear Sherlock upstairs in his bedroom having grabbed a box of his clothes to bring up on the last trip from the basement. The former soldier sank down on the couch to go through the rest of his box, looking up at hearing a loud yell.
“I don’t want a new suit. I don’t
“I have two sets of women’s boot prints. These were Ms Walters’.” The detective pointed to the set closer to the edge. “You can see here that she stumbled, probably when she was slapped, then you can see the ground slipped here and she fell.” John felt his heart jump into his throat when Sherlock got very close to the overhang.
understands how big of an uncompromising presence Sherlock is in my life… Why? Do you know someone who’d be willing to have me?” They’d already arrived at Baker Street but John didn’t make a move to get out yet, curiosity piqued.
intriguing. You look at the bedroom and see, what? A hotblooded crime of passion, perhaps? Then look at the bathroom and see a premeditated and meticulously planned murder by someone who has no intention of being caught easily.”
“He’s gonna have one hell of a headache, that’s for sure. I also left his pathetic improvised mask on in the hopes that Greg will take pictures that end up on the Met’s Twitter feed.” John checked his watch. “Depending on whether the morphine he dosed me with is extended release or not is going to affect what painkillers I can take and when.” Sherlock glowered and tightened his coat around himself grumbling something about how
“I-I know you would have, John! But you’re not exactly the best actor out there and I needed the network to truly believe I was dead.” Sherlock felt the urge to take a large swig of the scotch straight out the bottle at the wounded look in the ex-soldier’s expressive blue eyes.
“Hey! That’s your ridiculously expensive hand moisturiser, you don’t have to throw that out. It’s not like I’m going to use it, so it’s fine.” John rubbed the crook of his arm where he’d had a load of blood taken earlier. Sitting on the table next to him was a couple of fresh autoinjectors and a box of antihistamines.
“Morning, there’s sugar in the glove box.” Greg greeted him as they pulled out of the hospital grounds to head to Sandhurst. “Saw about that gas explosion on the news, looked really bad. Is John alright?” Sherlock opened the glove compartment and grabbed a handful of sugar sachets, gripping his coffee between his knees as he pulled off the lid to add some.
John came back downstairs with his suit in one hand, taking the Steed bag from Sherlock with the other and retreating into the bathroom to get changed. He emerged in his own suit a few minutes later, this one was a very dark grey, it came with a tan brown waistcoat and matching tie. John adjusted his cuffs as he stood in front of the fireplace to look in the mirror hanging above the mantlepiece.
“Christ! Three grand! That costs almost as much as a hernia operation on the NHS!” John covered his mouth with his hand, genuinely horrified. When he finally glanced over to his lover again, he found Sherlock standing there looking uncertain, not wanting to offend the doctor and well aware that this was a topic where they struggled to see the other’s point of view.
When John had finally got accepted for locum work at Sarah’s practice, he was relieved to be finally paying his own way again. It took some time but John eventually paid Sherlock back for his share of the food and the other bills that the detective had covered for him when John was short. Not that Sherlock probably noticed, if John had been that way inclined, he could have emptied the detective’s account more than three times over.
“I take issue with that last statement!” It was John’s voice, coming out over the tannoy speaker to their immediate left. Sherlock’s mind was flying, how did his friend find him? “See, Mr Chen, my flatmate would tell you that I’m a man full of useless sentiment…” The detective watched as his captor tried desperately to see into the darkness outside the narrow band of light around them.
“We were waiting until you arrived, I did glance at the menu but the font they’ve used is so ridiculously flamboyant I can barely read it.” John relaxed marginally at realising that Sherlock wasn’t upset at him, or he was at least willing to park his annoyance until after they got back.
Deakins led them away from the class towards the back wall where there were two rows of framed pictures, one above the other. He instructed a corporal to supervise and left them to it, directing them to return to his office if they needed him again.
Sherlock had already checked who the police had down as her next of kin, but it was an older sister who lived in Dorset. That wasn’t conclusive that she didn’t have a boyfriend, but it wasn’t that she did either. The detective finished with the report and went to the evidence locker, the officer was expecting him and had pulled Ms Walters’ belongings out already for inspection.
“It’s fine. I know you didn’t mean it. I know better than to take any notice of what you say when you’re in one of those moods and it’s not like I’ve never said something horrible in the heat of the moment myself.” John looked up from his writing, he could just make out the detective’s outline but not his expression. “Just try not to blame me next time you get yourself punched in the face.”
“You’re hurt! Come in, I’ll let you use my phone to call the police and see to those. Don’t worry, I’m a doctor.” Chen ushered Sherlock in while he did his best impression of a grateful crime victim. However, he was absorbing all the information available as Dr Chen led him through the house.
The security guard had been caught the day after the incident but he’d already alerted the higher ups so the expected shipment of organs didn’t come in on the ship as planned. No one had gone to the estate either, despite covert surveillance. The gang was likely to go to ground and lay low for a while before trying to set back up their trade routes, under the radar.
:: Well it wasn’t Jonathan Price. Restaurant owner confirmed he was there from when he shut the office till the police picked him up to ID the body. – SH ::
that John wouldn’t be able to lift his arm to put on a t-shirt and buttons would also be a problem, so he’d just brought him some pyjama bottoms, thick socks and the gown. The doctor dried himself and stood in front of the mirror as he opened a fresh box of lidocaine plasters. He ended up placing four in several different areas, normally he could get away with only one or two.
Sherlock was stunned into silence for a few moments; he knew that John Watson was a good man and that he was very lucky to call him a friend. They got along like a house on fire immediately, there hadn’t been anyone that the detective had had that instant connection with before. Initially he’d thought it was down to John being a ‘thoroughly nice guy’ as Greg had once put it to him, but John had recently told him that he hadn’t allowed himself to get close to anyone in a long time.
“Patient is going into hypovolemic shock; I’m putting in an IV line, get me some O negative blood, I need it now.” John grabbed the equipment he needed and put the line in with practiced ease. Once the blood transfusion started, the doctor watched the heart monitor while taking the patient’s pulse manually with his hand. “Great, heart rate is stronger and slowing down. Keep an eye on him.”
Hope you enjoyed this. It's officially the longest thing I've ever written and I've been writing most of my life.
“Huh, you’d think someone who loves cheese so much would have some in his flat, right?” Greg commented with a confused huff. Sherlock suddenly let go of the laptop and it was only reflex that meant that the DI grabbed it before it fell off his lap. “Woah! Careful!”
He hadn’t been able to identify any victims but from his intense study of the subject matter, Sherlock was soon able to identify a pattern. Once a target was identified there came a period where the abuser would befriend them and build up trust. Groomers are usually experts in human nature, able to present themselves as the perfect friend and partner. Once the connection has been established and cemented, they gradually sexualise the relationship.
“Is this standard military training, Captain?” Sherlock found himself asking, not bothering to hide the impressed edge to his tone as John pulled his shoes back on and tied them tightly. The doctor got to his feet and scrunched in the glass once more for good measure before offering his flatmate his hand.
“Well, you know me. The ends justify the means, remember?” Sherlock answered before he felt a crash of comprehension threatening to rip his mind apart. “Oh God, John, I- I finally understand, oh God, I’m so sorry!” The DI gently pulled Sherlock back as the paramedics fitted John with a neck collar and backboard. They transferred him to a stretcher and rushed him to the waiting ambulance.
“Well, we could pretend that it’s cider ice wine if we really wanted to.” John answered as he waited until Sherlock was sitting down himself before picking up his cutlery. “I have no idea what brought this on but thank you, this smells delicious and I intend to enjoy every bite.” He used his fork to spear some of the chicken and water chestnuts together with the sweet and sour sauce and brought it to his mouth, a deep groan of appreciation bubbling up from his throat.
“We can do that later; I’ve got a first aid kit back at the B&B so I can sort out your face.” John gave the driver the address and raised his hand to stop Sherlock from protesting. “Don’t argue, it won’t take long and it’ll give us a chance to share what we’ve learnt.”
“It says ‘It’s the light that terrifies them’ - Darkness holds no fear for the blind, it’s the light that terrifies them.” John straightened up as he mused on the meaning of the messages. “If our killer is drawing attention to things the victims are pretending not to see, maybe the light is a metaphorical spotlight? Shining down on the misdeeds he’s trying to draw attention to? You looked for the eyeballs yet?” The doctor asked as he glanced at Greg.
Ten minutes later and the pair of them were in a taxi heading to a pawnshop, it was the closest one to the courier’s home address so it was a good place to start looking. When they got there, Sherlock flashed one of the many badges he’d nicked from DI Lestrade at the middle-aged broker and asked to see any tablets he’d accepted that day.
“Good morning, John!” It was DI Lestrade and the doctor could tell from his elated tone of voice that he was also aware of Sherlock’s return.
“Don’t worry about that, street CCTV caught him so we know who we are looking for.” Lestrade pulled out a sandwich he’d also purchased at the hospital café. “Don’t suppose I can convince you to eat half of this?” He asked, more in hope than expectation. Greg got precisely the look he was anticipating but the door opened before he could answer.
