“Yes and no, he’s my new flatmate and I offered him to accompany me,” Sherlock answered. The DI gave him a surprised look in response.
John entered the flat and saw Sherlock lying down the sofa with his eyes closed and hands together under his chin. He seems to be meditating.
“You were gonna take that damned pill, weren't you?” John said as he looked at Sherlock in the eyes.
“Yes, that’s correct to some extent. You are right in a sense that if the wrong people find out then that could be problematic but I don’t doubt that some of them already know or more specifically, those criminals with enough power and influence are already keeping track as much as they can about Mycroft’s movements. I know Mycroft has already prepared countless safety measures should he be compromised. Also for the common people, well, they would certainly cause a fuss about it and it would be harder for public figures to keep face, so to speak,” Sherlock explained. John frowned in concern.
John asked and Sherlock just nodded as he headed towards the stereo. Now feeling a bit calm, Sherlock played the CD of John’s humming. A soft humming sound filled the air. Sherlock turned to face John and saw the doctor reading the corkboard with a blush on his face. John turned and heard the soft humming. His eyes widened in amazement.
“Is this how the officers in New Scotland Yard behave?” John asked the woman using his captain voice. The woman turned to him in surprise as if she just noticed him and Sherlock looks at him with both surprise and intrigue.
“Your back, now, please!” Lestrade barked at him. John watches Sherlock intently as the man concentrated.
“Please explain further, John,” Mycroft requested. With a sigh, John did exactly that. He told them about the different rooms that he entered in Sherlock’s mind palace while saving the room called Abilities for last. Sherlock just listened and watched the expressions that appeared on his brother’s face. Their food arrived while John was talking but the waiter would just likely assume that they were describing their house. When he reached the last room, the looks on Mycroft and Greg’s face turned more and more incredulous. Sherlock just started eating his food and not minding the looks of disbelief his brother was shooting him. He’d rather not eat but he doesn’t want to make John angry again. That would be more annoying to deal with than hunger and besides, the dish he ordered was surprisingly delicious.
“Oh, don't pretend you worked that out. Somebody told you that,” the man said dismissively. John had a feeling the bloke was going to be embarrassed real soon.
“When I met you for the first time yesterday, I said, ‘Afghanistan or Iraq’. You looked surprised,” Sherlock said.
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much,” John replied trying and failing to keep the excitement from showing on his face.
“Yes, yes, I think so. My thought precisely,” Sherlock responded. Looking around some more, John noticed bits and pieces of personal items around the flat.
“Is it?” Sherlock replied absentmindedly as he watches the blood bubble. John nodded. “Don’t all siblings have weird relationships?” Sherlock asked while still watching his experiment.
John thought inquisitively. A few minutes later, they have arrived at a warehouse.  There was a posh looking man with an umbrella standing there and a chair. John got out of the car and walked towards the stranger.
“Er, Baker Street. Two two one B Baker Street. But I need to stop off somewhere first,” John replied as he looks up at her.  They both got in the car and drove away. After a few minutes, they arrived at his old apartment. Without a word, John got out of the car and went to his room. He packed his things and anything else he might need. He went to his bedside table and opened the drawer. Inside was a gun. The very gun he had during Afghanistan and the same gun he was going to use to shoot himself a few nights ago. Now, he would use it for its intended purpose- to protect others. After he packed his things, he went back to the car, not once looking back.
“What else?” John asked out loud. Sherlock chuckled before saying, “I’m curious as to what our bond can do. A gold color bond does happen only once every century.”
John thought back. Sherlock sniffed disdainfully but didn’t reply. The detective turned back towards his experiment. John just sat and watched Sherlock.
“You’re not the only stubborn one here, Sherlock. When it comes to your health and well-being, I am not willing to compromise and I won’t back down. So either you stand down and eat or we will be standing here all day”
“We can't both stare,” Sherlock responded childishly. The man suddenly stood up and ran out the door. John following close behind him, not realizing he left his cane. They stopped in the middle of the street when the cab they were chasing speed up making a car horn loudly behind them.  John apologized to the driver as he made a note of the cab number.
, John suggested. Sherlock’s face lit up at the suggestion and went to his violin. A beautiful melody soon filled the flat. Sherlock wasn’t playing a specific song in particular and instead, just played the violin with John in mind. The melody was both calming and peaceful. The song seems to compose itself and Sherlock could feel John relax and enjoyed the music. Their first morning together was filled with beautiful music and the smell of John’s cooking. When the food was done, John called out to Sherlock to come to eat.
John tried again and this time, he caught the detective’s attention. Sherlock stood behind the doctor and looked over his shoulder. “What is it? Quickly, where?” he asked impatiently.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes, I don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worse about each other,” the man clarified as he looked at John and smiled.
“You were always watching him adoringly, John,” Lestrade answered, making John blush. He could feel rather than see Sherlock’s smirk. “And Sherlock acted differently around you.” It was John’s turn to feel smug as he saw Sherlock’s smirk fell from the corner of his eye. Before John could say anything, Sherlock was walking towards his brother and pulling John along. Lestrade laughed and followed after them.
“That feels nice,” John mumbled sleepily. Sherlock stopped and pulled his hand away causing John to whine at the loss. Sherlock chuckled and went back to running his hand through John’s hair. John sighed in content. Sherlock felt John’s feelings of happiness and felt happy for being able to make his soul mate happy.
“I am not waiting!” John then hanged up the call and proceeded to go inside. He widened his senses as he ran. He has to hurry and find that man. He can’t be late. He just can’t.
“Oh, that’s right. She's one of the suicides? The fourth one you mentioned back at the flat?” John said as he looked back to the moment he met the Detective Inspector.
“Maybe she... left it when she left her case. Maybe he took it from her for some reason. Either way, the balance of probability is the murderer has her phone,” Sherlock explained.
“Doctor Watson,” Sherlock called him again, a hidden order in his eyes. John hummed in acknowledgment, trying to spare Lestrade from even more stress.
“Fresh air. Just popping outside for a moment. Won't be long,” Sherlock said, distracted, as he left. John frowned. He has a bad feeling about this. He stood up and walked towards the window. He saw Sherlock and a cabbie driver talking. His frown deepened. His mind suddenly remembered Sherlock’s words from earlier this evening.
“Brilliant! Yes! Ah, four serial suicides, and now a note! Oh, it's Christmas!” Sherlock said excitedly as he prepared to go out. Mrs. Hudson smiled motherly at him as she went downstairs. Sherlock suddenly stopped and looked at John. John looked at him in return with one eyebrow raised in question.
“Twenty-two Northumberland Street. Hurry up!” Sherlock cried out impatiently. He pulled out a small pink case beside his armchair and placed it on the table. John stared at the case in shock.
“Well, this is unpleasant,” Sherlock said unnecessarily. Mycroft rolled his eyes. Trust Sherlock to be unafraid when they were outnumbered by men with guns.
“We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock. Sorry, gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” the man continued. The man was striding to the door when John stopped him.
“I'm breaking every rule letting you in here,” Lestrade elucidated as he tried to get Sherlock to understand the ‘rules’.
“Yeah, asphyxiation, probably. Passed out, choked on her own vomit. Can't smell any alcohol on her. It could have been a seizure; possibly drugs,” John said clinically.
“There was no hurry,” Sherlock answered indifferently, seemingly oblivious of John’s disbelief. John sighed and handed the man his phone.
The detective had both hands in his pockets as he walked up to the restaurant with John right behind him.
“If you think that I’m letting you sleep away from me, you’re crazy, John,” Sherlock answered. John smiled widely. He couldn’t remember the last time he was this happy.
Sherlock said, calmly. As he said this, he listened carefully to his surroundings. The car was already moving and there was a person on either side of him. He wasn’t sure if Mycroft was in the same car as him.
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection: tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man's phone. Never see a drunk's without them. There you go, you see, you were right,” Sherlock finished with flourish. John nods but then looks at Sherlock confused.
“Thank you,” the man said with a smile as he walked out. As soon as the front door downstairs was closed, Sherlock started jumping with both of his fists pumped up in the air.
“They all did. They're not strictly speaking on the drugs squad, but they're very keen,” Lestrade complemented. Just then, Sergeant Donovan came into view.
John asked. Sherlock just smiled and entered the room. John looked around and saw the doors. John blushed at a certain label on one of the doors.
“Most people blunder round this city, and all they see are streets and shops and cars. When you walk with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield. You've seen it already, haven't you?” the man asked rhetorically. John looked over his hand.
Sherlock thought seriously. His eyes were intense and heated. John’s heart speeds up. Warmth started to spread all over his body as he smiled adoringly at the man.
“I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Bart's, so Army doctor – obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp's really bad when you walk but you don't ask for a chair when you stand like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq,” Sherlock explained purposefully.
“Sorry... what are we doing? Did I just text a murderer?! What good will that do?” John asked confused.
“Really? I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth’s too small now,” the man said nonchalantly as he went back to his microscope and sat down.
They continued their chase as they climbed and jumped between buildings. John always right behind Sherlock. A few minutes later, they caught up with the cab and stopped right in front of it.
“Wait, no, we have a whole team right outside,” Lestrade said, trying to stop John from going near the dead body.
“No, she never got to the hotel. Look at her hair- she color-coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She'd never have left any hotel with her hair still looking...” Sherlock’s eyes lit up with realization. “Oh,” Sherlock exclaimed as he clapped his hands under his chin. “Oh!”
John thought horrified. He, quickly, turned away from the window and grabbed the laptop and his coat. He ran towards the door. Just before he reached it, a hand grabbed his uninjured shoulder. He turned and saw Lestrade looking at him confused.
“These words exactly: What happened at Lauriston Gardens? I must have blacked out, Twenty-two Northumberland Street. Please come,” Sherlock instructed. John looked up worriedly.
“Pink,” John said as he remembered Sherlock’s words before he ran off. “You got all that because you realized the case would be pink?”
“Seen a lot of injuries too, then; violent deaths,” Sherlock continued. John nodded again in agreement.
“A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody had just found that phone they'd ignore a text like that, but the murderer...” At that moment, the phone rang. “...would panic,” Sherlock finished dramatically as he stood up.
Sherlock thought as Mycroft smirked knowingly. John stayed silent and avoided looking at Sherlock. Sherlock’s grip tightened.
“Friend of mine. When I say friend…” Sherlock trailed off uncertainly. Mrs. Hudson came to Sherlock’s rescue.
“This is childish,” Sherlock muttered darkly. John looked at him sadly. No one likes their home to be invaded, obviously, but John couldn’t help the detective in this one since he did withhold evidence.
John frowned as the search ended and called Sherlock. He was ignored, however, as Sherlock continued his conversation with the DI.
“Oh, right. I bet it’s distracting. For you, I mean.  Distracting you from the work,” John stuttered, “Which is fine, by the way.”
“Just making small talk. If we are going to be flatmates, we’ll need to know a bit more about each other,” John shrugged.
“Sherlock texted me,” Angelo as he handed John his cane, “he said you forgot this.” John took his cane in a daze.
“Afternoon,” the man called out at Mike as he walked out. Mike raised his hand in goodbye. John looked at Mike in question.
” John ordered sternly. Sherlock pursed his lips in unhappiness as the two of them stared at each other and will the other to back down.
“Appreciation! Applause! At long last the spotlight. That's the frailty of genius, John, it needs an audience,” Sherlock answered, sounding very much like he experienced it himself.
“Here. So what's this about – the case?” John asked. Sherlock looked at him with such a clear gaze that it made John’s heart pound. John started walking towards the window.
“What am I doing here?” John asked and giving Sherlock a skeptical look as they both kneeled down beside the body
That was all John could feel at the moment as he got in a cab and instructed the driver where to go. Fear that something might happen to that brilliant yet idiotic man. The all-consuming fear gripped his heart making it impossible to breath. What would he do if he was too late? The thought made him gasp in unbearable pain.
“Upstairs,” Mrs. Hudson replied as she pointed to their flat. Both men ran up the stairs and burst into the room. They found the police doing a search.
Sherlock was sat on his chair in his pajamas and his blue silk robe while John was cooking breakfast. His mind was buzzing and noisy as it usually is. Most importantly, he was bored.
“Right. Okay. That’s fine. Good,” John responded. Sherlock looked at him with an unreadable expression and piercing eyes.
John thought frantically. He continued to open door only to find it empty. He prayed to every God he could think of to keep the detective safe. He can’t lose him yet. The thought made his whole body throbbed in pain. He couldn’t understand the feelings he had for the man. It was mindboggling to feel this much in such a short amount of time. He went inside the next room and he sighed in relief as he saw the familiar silhouette of the consulting detective. He ran towards him only to find that Sherlock was in the opposite building. John saw Sherlock holding something against the light. Fear consumed John
“Lestrade, this is Doctor John Watson. John, the Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Sherlock introduced the two men to each other. John nodded his head in greeting. The DI gave him a curious look.
“Ah,” John was speechless for a moment, “Er, thank you. Thank you,” John said as he closed the door. John turned to face Sherlock with a look of amazement. Before either man could say something, Mrs. Hudson walked out the door with a worried look on her otherwise gentle face.
“Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it?! Someone else was here, and they took her case. So the killer must have driven her here; forgot the case was in the car,” Sherlock answered annoyed at the apparent slowness of the DI.
“It's for men,” Sherlock said with an innocent look on his face. John and the man looked at Sherlock confused.
“The same smirk and deductive prowess and the same dramatic flair and superior attitude and similar features- you could only be Sherlock’s brother. Am I wrong?”  John asked. The man stayed silent as Lestrade laughed. Sherlock smiled proudly. John could feel happiness and pride coming from Sherlock.
“I know its fine,” Sherlock said as he turned to watch John intently. His eyes like the ranging sea- dark and mysterious. John couldn’t help but think he could stare at those eyes forever, beautiful as they are.
The next evening, John was on his way to meet Sherlock at the aforementioned flat. When the cabbie informed him that they have arrived, John looked at the flat and thought that it was going to be expensive. John frowned with doubt. As he stepped out, Sherlock arrived.  They greeted each other without shaking hands.
“Oh, do as he says. Help yourself,” the DI said tiredly as he turned towards the door. “Anderson, keep everyone out for a couple of minutes.”
“The police don't consult amateurs,” Sherlock responded arrogantly. John chuckled silently as he thought;
Everyone is born with a black mark that can be found anywhere in the body. It symbolizes one’s soul and when they first touch their other half, their marks changes in color to show the strength of the bond. A new matching mark appears to symbolize both their souls' meeting. A green bond mark is the most common and it only has the ability to tell when one’s soul mate is in pain. A blue bond mark has the same ability as a green bond mark and the ability to feel each other’s emotion within a certain distance. A purple mark has the same abilities as the blue mark but can also locate each other. A rare red mark gives the bonded pair the ability to talk to each other telepathically plus the same abilities as the purple mark. These marks have been seen in society- waves of greens and blues with the occasional purples and reds. However, there is one color that society doesn’t see. This color is the rarest and its abilities unknown. A pure gold mark is said to only show up once every century and is said that a pair with this color has the purest of bonds.
“Her coat - it's slightly damp. She's been in heavy rain in the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London in that time. Under her coat collar is damp, too. She's turned it up against the wind. She's got an umbrella in her left-hand pocket but it's dry and unused. Not just wind, strong wind – too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she was intending to stay overnight, so she must have come a decent distance but she can't have traveled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn't dried. So, where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time? Cardiff,” Sherlock explains as his hands move fluidly.
“Yeah, but come on... “John said as he turned towards Sherlock. He, then, noticed the look on Sherlock’s face. It was the look of regret and self- disgust.
“Sherlock, from what I have seen, is a brilliant man. He can observe the things around him in ways I never could. Although he has his faults, he isn’t the only one. We all have our own personality, our own likes and dislikes, and our own hobbies. Calling him a freak just because he enjoys these kinds of things is wrong. Calling him a freak because he acts and reacts differently is wrong. Calling him a freak because he isn’t afraid to show people what he is like is wrong. That’s why I defended him. Your sergeant had absolutely no right to insult him. She was being a bully,” John replied with conviction. Lestrade looked at him with a gleam in his eyes. Donovan looked both insulted and surprise.
“Well, that’s nice of you to say, Mycroft,” Sherlock answered as he noticed that Mycroft’s usual protection was easily compromised.
“I could try,” John said, closing his eyes. Sherlock, too, closed his eyes and entered his mind palace once again. Sherlock waited in the main hall of his mind palace. John’s silhouette slowly manifested. Sherlock grinned widely.
“Oy!” a driver shouted at them. Sherlock then took off in a certain direction. As expected, John was right behind him. As they ran, Sherlock shouted encouragements to John.
“Traitor. Yes, obviously,” Mycroft finished. Men were surrounding their car with guns pointed at them.
“I agree with you, John. I also think Sherlock is brilliant. I just find him difficult to deal with sometimes due to all his quirks and eccentricities. I also agree that Donovan doesn’t have the right to call him names,” Lestrade said. Donovan looked at the DI sharply. Lestrade just looked right back at her. “I told you numerous times not to call Sherlock a freak-you and Anderson both. The next time I hear either of you insult Sherlock again without any provocation from the man; I’ll suspend you.” The detective inspector finished firmly.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and saw that John was still asleep. Soft snores from the man filled the air. Sherlock didn’t move away from the bed in case John woke up and just started to play with John’s hair in order to calm himself down. This caused John to hum in content. Sherlock smiled softly.
“She could have checked into a hotel, left her case there,” John said, trying to divert Sherlock’s attention.
“When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet, hence this place,” the man replied, “the leg must be hurting you. Sit down.”
“Yes, and I can read your military career in your face and your leg, and your brother’s drinking habits on your mobile phone,” Sherlock answered. John was once again captivated.
“Sherlock!” the man greeted happily, shaking Sherlock’s hand with enthusiasm. Sherlock returned the sentiment with a small smile on his face as he shakes the man’s hand.
“Fine,” Sherlock said with a frown. John smiled at him and gestured towards the table. Sherlock sat down sulkily. He felt a hand ruffle his curls soothingly.
“You are skilled at infiltration and data gathering, Sherlock, as well as hand-to-hand combat and weaponry. Also, with your intellect and proficiency in numerous languages, you were the perfect person for the job. It was a last resort, I assure you. You know perfectly well I hate putting you in dangerous situations if I could help it,” Mycroft said quietly as he observed the situation outside.
“Yeah, but if you were clever, really clever. Jennifer Wilson running all those lovers - she was clever,” Sherlock explained. “She's trying to tell us something.” Suddenly, Mrs. Hudson appeared at the doorway.
“Oh, I volunteered,” the annoying man from before said with a frustrating smirk on his face. John felt his previous anger at the man rising. Still, he couldn’t believe that Sherlock used to do drugs.
“Where?” Sherlock asked. John looked confused. Who was he directing that question to? Then John saw a man by the doorway, out of breath.
John was currently walking- or in his case, limping- around the park when he heard his name being called out.
“What? Yeah, yeah.  I-I'm fine,” the detective answered quietly. John stayed quiet as he continued to watch the detective. Sherlock, then, started heading towards the door.
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand. Your therapist thinks it’s post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks you're haunted by memories of your military service,” the man stated clinically. John stayed quiet.
“Impossible suicides? Four of them? There’s no point sitting at home when there’s finally something fun going on!” Sherlock said excitedly. John looked at him with a growing fondness.
“So is Sergeant Donovan,” Sherlock finished flatly. “Ooh... and I think it just vaporized. May I go in?”
“I don't wanna sit down,” John responded as he straightened his back, looking very much like the former Captain Watson. The man smirked.
“You offered? You don’t like people, Sherlock. You think we are all idiots,” the DI said in disbelief. Sherlock rolled his eyes in exasperation.
“Fire her. She's got it the wrong way round. You're under stress right now and your hand is perfectly steady. You're not haunted by the war, Doctor Watson... you miss it,” the man smiled meaningfully. John looked at him a bit anxious. “Welcome back,” the man continued dramatically. John’s phone beeped the third time. “Time to choose a side, Doctor Watson,” the man said as he turned and walked away. The beautiful woman from before walks up to him while still texting on her phone.
“While they’re doing that, why don’t you join me at the pub, John?” Greg asked. John smiled and nodded.
“Sherlock, hello,” Mrs. Hudson greeted cheerfully with her arms open to give Sherlock a hug. Sherlock welcomed the hug and turned to John. John felt a little envious of Mrs. Hudson for being able to touch Sherlock. Sherlock introduces them both to each other and Mrs. Hudson let them in. As she led them to the flat, she started talking about all sorts of things that John could barely keep up. When they entered the flat, John looked around. It had a cozy feel about it. John smiled. He likes it. He turned to look at Sherlock and saw the man watching him expectantly.
John read the text and couldn’t help the warm feeling spreading all over his body. Sherlock wants to see him. And he had a feeling that it’s rare for Sherlock to want to see someone.
“You’re a doctor. In fact, you’re an army doctor,” Sherlock said with a serious look on his face. John nodded in response.
“As always, it’s been a pleasure, brother mine,” Mycroft bid farewell before ending the call. Sherlock smirked as John looked on confused.
“Oh, don’t worry, there’s all sorts round here. Mrs. Turner next door’s got bonded ones,” she said as she turned around and walked into the kitchen. John looked at Sherlock, who was still trying to organize his things.
Sherlock smiled widely before returning his attention back towards John’s soul mark. He gently ran his thumb across it.
“This is Angelo,” Sherlock introduced. “Three years ago I successfully proved to Lestrade at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking.”
“I’ve heard about him, Sherlock, but there’s only so much I can do about a criminal mastermind. There was speculation, however, that suspect his involvement,”
“Oh, what, so-so-so you set up a pretend drugs bust to bully me?” Sherlock said sarcastically but his eyes held worry in them as they flickered in John’s direction.
Sherlock could feel John crying and he tightened his hold on the man. They stood there for what felt like hours until John calmed down. The doctor pulled away and smiled at Sherlock with such adoration it made Sherlock’s heart speed up.
As they entered the room, Sherlock scanned the area before kneeling beside the dead body. He meticulously looked over the dead pink woman and then, stood up to check something on his phone.
“You've got a psychosomatic limp – of course, you've got a therapist. Then there's your brother,” Sherlock continued with his explanation. John hummed in acknowledgment.
“Victim is in her late thirties. Professional person, going by her clothes; I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Traveled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It's obvious from the size of her suitcase,” Sherlock replied as he and John stood up.
“Do you really think so?” Sherlock asked quietly. John looked at him confused. Sherlock smiled shyly.
“It’s because of Rachel, isn’t it?” John asked Sherlock. A look of pride entered Sherlock’s eyes and Lestrade looked at the two of them confused.
Without another thought, John took out his gun and aimed at the cabbie. When he was sure that he wouldn’t hit Sherlock, he fired. A blast and the shattering of glass could be heard as it echoed throughout the room. John saw the cabbie fall as Sherlock jumped back. John dropped down so that Sherlock couldn’t see him. He let out a breath of relief as he heard the sirens of the police. He quickly hid his gun and walked out the door carefully so that Sherlock can’t see him.
“No, I'm not. I'm just not interested,” John countered, trying to keep the warmth from spreading to his cheeks.
“Serial killers are always hard. You have to wait for them to make a mistake,” Sherlock said, although he seemed to be talking to himself.
“John, I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work and that I find the subject of soul mates unappealing unless they help me solve a case so…” John really shouldn’t be bothered by the eccentric man’s words but they hurt for some reason.
“Anderson, don't talk out loud. You lower the I.Q. of the whole street. We can do much more than just read her e-mails. It's a smartphone, it's got GPS, which means if you lose it you can locate it online. She's leading us directly to the man who killed her,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes at the annoying man. John had to stifle a giggle. Lestrade, however, noticed and sent John a small smile.
“In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he'd probably say his arch-enemy. He does love to be dramatic,” the man stated thoughtfully.
“She's cleverer than you lot and she's dead,” Sherlock exclaimed as he looked at everyone in the room. “Do you see, do you get it? She didn't lose her phone, she never lost it. She planted it on him. When she got out of the car, she knew that she was going to her death. She left the phone in order to lead us to her killer.” He explained.
“He refused to eat breakfast. I had to force him,” John replied and sending a look of triumph to Sherlock, who frowned.
The text from Mycroft said. Sherlock frowned. Before he could decline the invite from his overbearing brother, John sent his opinion.
“The luggage,” Sherlock replied. “It's probably your first trip to London, right; going by your final destination and the route the cabbie was taking you?” Sherlock said to the tourist.
John nodded in agreement, “That’s true. However, we have plenty of time for that tomorrow. For now, just sleep.” John lay back down.
“Why not? Given the text I just had you send and the fact I that have her case, it's a perfectly logical assumption,” Sherlock stated. John raised an eyebrow at that.
“Text, yes. The number on my desk,” Sherlock repeated as he turned to face John with an annoyed look on his face. That’s when he noticed John looking out the window. “What's wrong?” He asked John, concerned.
, John thought as he went to type the text. John picked up the paper on top of the desk and looked up at the man lying down the sofa in shock.
Sherlock felt an unfamiliar warmth fill his chest as his heart speeds up. He has a soul mate. All these years of believing he never had one or that he would never be fortunate enough to meet his other half was proven wrong in a matter of two days. He, now, understood his sudden attachment to John even when he tried to deny it. Wishing for the man’s company and the happiness he felt when John praised his deductions makes sense now. When John asked him about soul mates last night at Angelo’s, he felt sad about not finding his soul mate yet. Not wanting to hope that John might be the one, he put on a cold façade and told John that he didn’t care about soul mates and that he was married to his work. But after the events of last night, Sherlock was surprised at how easily he accepted the bond with John. Holding his hand and sleeping on the same bed came naturally to the detective like it was an everyday occurrence. Sherlock smiled gently at the man sleeping beside him. Those entire things about soul mates were true, after all. One’s soul mate will accept you no matter what and that they are your perfect match in every way. Sherlock tightened his hold on the man and buried his face on top of the doctor’s head, memorizing his scent. The smell of gun oil and tea filled his senses, and he sighed in content. His mind is peaceful and not a hectic processing machine. Sherlock went into his mind palace, and he noticed an entirely new door. The design of the door was very intricate and, even to Sherlock, beautiful. He walked closer and saw a sophisticated label on it. The label said Soul mate. Curious, Sherlock opened the door. Inside were three more doors. One door was labeled ‘Memories’. Another was ‘Abilities’. The last one was ‘Personality and Personal Data of Beloved’. Sherlock was surprised. When did his brain do all these? The room he was currently in felt homey and warm even with the lack of furniture. There was only a single carpet. He walked towards the door labeled ‘Memories’. When he went in, Sherlock’s eyes widened in astonishment at the sight. There was a large telly on the opposite wall with speakers on both sides of it and a tape player below it. In front of the telly are a sofa and a coffee table. The floor was carpeted too. On the left wall, there is a floor to ceiling bookshelf. It was empty except for a few tapes. On the right side, the wall is filled with empty picture frames. There was a label on top that said ‘Most Memorable Moments’. Sherlock walked towards the right side of the room and saw that there was only one picture there. It was a picture of John when the marks appeared. John looked beautiful with the golden light around him. Sherlock’s heart fluttered with adoration. He, then, noticed a script and a date at the bottom of the picture frame.
“Yeah,” John agreed. He witnessed it himself when Sherlock explained his deductions to him earlier in order to receive praise.
“Guys, we're also looking for a mobile somewhere here, belonged to the victim,” Lestrade ordered his officers. John, who was watching the detective, noticed him standing still like he’s in shock.
“That's brilliant!” John exclaimed. Sherlock and Lestrade looked at him in amusement and surprise, respectively.
“Oh, breathing. Breathing's boring,” Sherlock replied, bored. John looked closer at Sherlock’s arm and his frown deepened.
John thought. John continued walking and when a phone rang, he went inside the booth and answered it.
“That's not what people normally say,” Sherlock said with a hint of vulnerability present in his voice. John turned to look at Sherlock and noticed a look of openness on his face.
“People are idiots,” Sherlock said. John cleared his throat. Sherlock looked at him for a moment. “Most of them, anyway.” Lestrade’s eyes widened. John just looked confused.
“Her case?” John repeated as he peaked out the window and trying to find traces of who he was pretty sure was Sherlock’s brother.
“Sorry. Obvious?” John asked confused- this seemed to be his normal state of mind when dealing with Sherlock.
A few agonizing minutes later, they arrived at a place called Roland-Kerr Further Education College. John paid the cabbie and immediately called Lestrade. The DI answered after the first ring.
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock yelled in frustration. Mrs. Hudson turned around and walked away in fright. Suddenly, a look of realization appeared on Sherlock’s face. John watched this all happen quietly and intrigued.
“It’s a crime scene. I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?” the man ordered conceitedly. John’s previous anger returned.
“Nothing, just... ‘Welcome to London’,” John chuckled, Sherlock let a laugh. John watched, amazed. Sherlock’s unguarded smile was beautiful. His eyes twinkled with mirth. John felt his heart flutter with pride for being able to make Sherlock smile like this, so unlike his empty smiles.
“Your phone. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you're looking for a flatshare – you wouldn't waste money on this. It's a gift, then. Scratches, not one, many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn't treat his one luxury item like this, so it's had a previous owner. Next bit's easy. You know it already,” Sherlock said expectantly.
“No, you didn't. It’s how you get your kicks, isn't it? You risk your life to prove you're clever,” John told Sherlock annoyed. Sherlock tilted his head to the side.
“You may as well eat. We might have a long wait,” Sherlock said, apparently unconcerned about being referred to as John’s date. John sighed in defeat and thanked the detective before he ordered his food.  A minute later, Angelo came back with a candle. John looked at him startled since he didn’t think Angelo would really make things between him and Sherlock more romantic. A warm sensation started filling his cheeks and he let out a breath in order to calm himself down. He turned to Sherlock who was watching out the window.
“Have you found your soul mate?” John asked quietly. Mike’s face lit up with fondness making John’s heart ached with longing. Mike pulled down his collar and showed off the purple sun between his neck and shoulder. John looked on in wonder
“No, Sherlock, we are not going to cancel. We agreed to their invitation and it would be impolite to just cancel on them,” John replied firmly as he put on his coat.
“I looked you up on the internet last night,” John told him as he sat down on the armchair. Sherlock looked at him, titillated.
“Thank you too, Detective Inspector. Umm, can I ask where I can get a cab? I’m still learning my way around London,” John said awkwardly.  Lestrade nodded understandingly and told him the directions. As John walked away, he didn’t notice Lestrade’s knowing smile.
“I got shot,” John replied flatly. He tightened his hold on his cane. A tense silence filled the air.
“I know you’re lying, Sherlock, I could feel your hunger and if you think I would risk the chances of you collapsing during one of your cases, you are sorely mistaken. Now, Sherlock Holmes, sit down and eat
“I like company when I go out and I think better when I talk aloud. The skull just attracts attention, so...” Sherlock trailed off as he saw the look on John’s face, “problem?”
“My mind processes data very differently than yours. Also, it is much more organized. I think that when the bond was formed, my mind was processing the changes accordingly and categorized it as it saw fit. Even I was surprised when I discovered it this morning,” Sherlock replied with a shrug. John just looked at him amazed. As John looked back to the moving pictures, Sherlock could sense that John was starting to feel overwhelmed and without a second thought, pulled the man towards him in a hug. John returned the hug and buried his face on Sherlock’s chest.
“Got your breath back?” Sherlock asked, bringing John back to the present. John turned to where Sherlock was looking and saw the same tourist point in their direction as he spoke to a policeman.
“Come on, who’d want me for a flatmate?” John said with a humorless smile. Mike was smiling knowingly. His eyes lit up with mischief. John’s eyebrows crossed together in confusion.
“Very good,” John replied confidently. He was certain of his skills as both a soldier and a doctor. He had trained his whole life for this since it has always been his dream to be an army doctor.
“Of course, yeah – but what mistake?!” Lestrade yelled after him. Sherlock came back and yelled, “PINK!” before walking away quickly. Lestrade sighed as he started to organize his people. John looked around and wondered what he is supposed to do. He started walking down the stairs when the DI stopped him.
“Hello everyone,” Greg said as he sat down beside Mycroft. The inspector kissed Mycroft on the cheek before facing the detective and doctor. Sherlock noticed that John was watching Mycroft and Greg with a look that Sherlock can’t really interpret so he listened to John’s thoughts again.
“What you did… that was good,” Sherlock said a bit awkwardly. John smiled at the uncomfortable looking man.  He could tell that Sherlock was not used to other people defending him.
“Friends? People they know, people they like, people they don't like... Soul mates...” John trailed off.
“It was amazing. It was like a huge mansion with hall and doors and furniture,” John praised. Sherlock smiled at that. He loved it that John loved his mind.
The day past by quickly with Sherlock and John doing their own thing. John was cleaning the upstairs bedroom. The reason was simply so he can have a room of his own- his own private place. Sherlock was experimenting with the components of blood before and after death.
John smiled at Mycroft in amusement and said, “He hasn’t done anything yet.” Sherlock smirked at Mycroft.
“You’ll find them soon. I’m sure,” Mike said soothingly. John just smiled sadly as they arrived in front of a door. As they entered, John looked around.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked instead of answering. John thought about it for a moment before speaking.
“Sherlock, I want you to know that you are fine just the way you are. That it is okay to be different. People who are different are usually people who can influence or change the world. Just stay the way you are. I’d love and accept you no matter what, okay?” John said with utmost sincerity.
“No, I think he's brilliant enough. I love the brilliant ones. They're always so desperate to get caught,” Sherlock said with a bit of excitement.
“And since yesterday, you've moved in with him and now you're solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” the man asked sarcastically. John was starting to get impatient.
“Sorry, it’s in my coat,” Mike said apologetically-although, he doesn’t sound so apologetic to John. Wanting a chance to talk to the man, John offered his phone. The man looked at him in surprise and then, his blue-green eyes –
“Yeah. I pickpocket him when he's annoying. You can keep that one, I've got plenty at the flat,” Sherlock stated indifferently. John looked at him funny.
“What did you see, John?” Greg asked, intrigued. John immediately turned bright red and looked away. Sherlock, on the other hand, chuckled. The sound made Mycroft smile softly. The smile looks odd on the man’s usually stern face. Greg, who hardly heard Sherlock laugh and knew how much Mycroft wanted to hear it just like when they were younger, grinned widely.
“We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting. I don’t even know your name,” John said seriously.  The man smirked knowingly.
John Watson has always been fascinated by his mark. It was two beautifully designed curved swords crossed together to form an X. It was black in color just like everyone else who hasn’t found their soul mate yet. It was located on his left forearm. He would often spend hours just watching his mark and trying to memorize every part of it. He always dreamed of meeting his soul mate and imagining what they look like and what their mark consisted of. He imagined what color it was going to be when they touched and what their new mark was going to be. His mum and dad have an infinity symbol on their wrist in a lovely blue color. It always looked beautiful to John.  He couldn’t wait to meet his other half! Harry had already met hers. It was a girl named Clara and their marks turned blue too. Their new mark was a rose filled with thorns. John had a bad feeling when he first saw it. The ominous feeling he got made him think that their relationship wasn’t going to be smooth sailing. Now, at 18, he still hasn’t met his soul mate and he felt lonely since most of his friends met theirs already- their marks turning mostly to greens and blue. Since he always wanted to help others, he decided to become a doctor and join the army. He studied and trained hard for the next few years. All the while wishing and waiting for his other half. When he was about to go on his first tour, he spent his last night having dinner with his family and, later, staring at his mark. It looks as fascinating as ever. He always wondered what it meant. Marks are supposed to represent your soul and he always wondered what his meant. Two swords forming an X have to mean something other than fighting. Thinking about his mark made him think about his soul mate and end up missing someone he never met. John sighed and went to sleep.
Sherlock was crying now, though his voice remained steady and his face still; tears running down a frozen face. ‘Two people came through the door almost as soon as it happened, holding a long heavy-looking object. They dumped it on the floor and moved the gun from my mother’s hand into the object’s; this was when I realised it was a man. And then they left, and I sat in the wardrobe until I thought it was safe, and then I came out. I was only just five years old; I didn’t know what was happening, so I tried to wake mummy,’ he was crying properly now, doing nothing to stop the tears, ‘and I tried to shout her name, and I tried to shake her and when she didn’t wake up I just sat next to her and stared at her. I thought she was sleeping, so I sat with her and waited for her to wake.’
Sherlock’s head jerks up, and he sees his broken-John leaning against the door frame. ‘Mary? How so?’
'What I'm trying to say is that I love you.' John paused and looked at the stars, which glinted in his eyes. 'I love you, Sherlock.'
Sherlock stared up at him, eyes reflecting the moon, which was directly above them. ‘It’s not the summer that brings hope and happiness, John, it’s
It’s raining but John doesn't care- he just kneels on his partner’s grave, head on the cold, silent stone, and remembers the only man he would ever love. This is all he can do, now, because Sherlock is dead and not coming back. He didn't fake it, not this time, but at least John isn't alone. Not anymore.
Victor fidgeted uncomfortably. ‘I’m sorry, Sher.’ Victor was bisexual and open about it; his family were absolutely fine with it, as was Victor, who saw it as something to be proud of. The other boy was only a few weeks older than Sherlock but had accomplished…feats in the sexual field Sherlock had never even heard of. Not that Sherlock was exactly, ah, innocent. The only thing worse than gay sex, according to Morag, was underage gay sex, and Sherlock was guilty of a hell of a lot of that.
Sherlock nodded, now slightly uneasy, and checked his watch, swearing under his breath when he saw what time it was. ‘Good. Um, John-‘
‘My son will potentially have eternity to follow my example,’ Sherlock snaps, ‘And he is perfect. Look at him.’ Felix smiles, and Sherlock winks: Felix copies him, closing his violet eye and leaving the blue one open. ‘Amazing.’
He’s saying the things that John always dreamed he would say, and he’s said them truthfully, and in that moment John, for the first time, feels real closure over Sherlock’s death. Sherlock died but he won’t come back, and John raised their son and their son is
John sighed. ‘Jesus, mate. Just because you’re a celebrity doesn’t mean I’m going to treat you any different.’
Sherlock was already next to Lila, talking in a low voice, so Ella replied, flicking to a new page. ‘Your brother-in-law insisted a doctor be present at all times, just in case. I was chosen.’
James was unbuttoning his trousers already, still kissing him as hard as he could, one hand tugging on Sherlock’s hair (why did it feel so much better when James did that?) and Sherlock was moaning already, Jim smirking against his lips. Sherlock’s sub consciousness was screaming at him to stop, that this was madness, that he was cheating on the best thing that had ever happened to him with the worst thing that had ever happened to him and god dammit Sherlock why won’t you stop?
) and hugging John to him, making him feel small and protected. He’d imagined him apologising, kissing their mother and making up with his daughter.
‘It was Jim,’ Sherlock said monotonously. ‘Jim and Sherrinford. Mycroft knows about Sherrinford, but not Jim.’
John sighed before nodding. ‘But actually tidy, Vi. Don’t just sit on your laptop and play World of Warcraft.’
But before John could open his mouth, Mycroft was moving to the door. ‘Be at the balcony a half-hour before,’ Mycroft snarled. Sherlock groaned and threw back his head. ‘I so preferred it when Sebastian was my advisor.’
Morag just laughed, blood dribbling from her lips. Sherlock grit his teeth and stamped (John closed his eyes) on her wound. ‘Tell me,’ he commanded.
John hugs his son to him and stares into those amazing eyes and for the very first time, he doesn't see someone who’s replacing Sherlock, he sees someone who will let him remember Sherlock better, honour his memory. He sees his
It wasn’t a long kiss, maybe five seconds. They didn’t open their mouths. Sherlock barely registered the feeling of John’s lips (
syllable of his name as only John seems to do, and Sherlock can remember all the other time he’s heard John say his name: the first day, outside Baker Street, fighting Chinese assassins, watching crap TV, telling him
Molly ran into the room, carrying the hose, and Sherlock almost started crying. ‘THIS IS ALSO NOT THE TIME TO WATER THE COUNTLESS DYING PLANTS SCATTERED AROUND YOUR HOME-‘
John had been kissing Sarah for maybe half a minute when the first pain shot through his left arm. ‘Fuck!’ He swore, pushing her away, trying to push his sleeve up, but it was immediately followed by a second, burning pain, and then a third, and a fourth, until he was hiked in the grass, left arm clutched under him, curled in a ball. ‘Oh, shit.’
John had stopped trying about six months previously. He convinced himself he didn’t love Sherlock (he didn’t. Honestly. Definitely didn’t). He had stopped thinking about Sherlock (or at least tried too). He started studying again, just about managing to get his degree. He started speaking to his friends, started dating, even. No boys (he'd decided he just wasn’t attracted to them; Sherlock was a one-off) but plenty of girls.
Sherlock had considered Molly as merely a means to not fail stupid, irrelevant subjects but in time he had grown to realise that she was so much more than that. She was courageous, kind and loyal, and Sherlock valued loyalty above almost any other character trait.
‘And Alicia,’ Sherlock continued, ‘told her youngest brother, Seamus, who’s in year seven, and now none of his year will touch me in case they get ‘weird gay creep disease’.’
‘Your birthday present!’ John dug around in his backpack. ‘I was going to give it to you as soon as we arrived but you distracted me.’
. ‘IF IT WASN’T FOR WATSON,’ the major screamed, pacing the line, ‘YOU WOULD ALL BE DOING THE WASHING-UP FOR A MONTH.’
‘She’s not my girlfriend.’ Sherlock snapped back. Mycroft laughed incredulously. ‘You engage in regular sexual activities-‘
Rosie and Sherlock sat next to each other like two peas-in-a-pod, almost vibrating with excitement, their right legs bouncing up and down to an identical tempo. John was quieter, thinking about the last time he went to Bart’s for this reason- he was only thirty, caught up in an emotional rollercoaster with the wife he loved and the best friend who’d just returned from certain death, and yet the moment he had laid eyes on Rosamund Mary he’d known he would do anything for her. After the death of his first love, her mother, he’d fallen for his true love, Sherlock Holmes, and created the unconventional but unbelievable family he had now-
‘One the twenty-second of December of this year, you and I are going to inform the world of three things.’ Sherlock smiled proudly. It was an ingenious idea, even if he said so himself. John would love him even more for it.
But there was no time to think about that because the doors were being opened and a thousand screams hit John like a bowling ball. He winced, stepping backwards on reflex, and Sherlock chuckled next to him. ‘You get used to that,’ he whispered.
Sherlock locked eyes with his brother and smiled as gently as he could. ‘Gregory’s a stupid name,’ he said finally, and Mycroft smiled slightly, though Sherlock could tell that he was grateful that Sherlock hadn't said what he had thought he was going to say and more grateful that Sherlock was pretending he didn't know who Gregory Lestrade was (Sherlock actually counted the detective as one of his few friends). ‘He didn't choose it. And, honestly, I don’t care. He’s so much more than a name, Sherlock.’
John laughed and crossed his legs. ‘Nah. Nah, we’re not doing that again. I want you to tell me something about
It sounded dramatic. Sherlock knew that. But he knew that it was the truth, however pretend it sounded. To him, John Watson was a necessity, just as important as oxygen or water or food. John Watson was a sustenance and Sherlock needed him.
Irene pushed open the gate to the main pool and gestured towards a pair of sun beds at the far end. ‘Let’s just say he’s found a distraction.’
‘I love you,’ John told the gravestone. ‘I love you, and I wish I’d been brave enough to tell you that before.’
Sherlock blushed, delicate pink decorating pale cheeks, and John felt angrier than he’d been for a long,
John put a finger over Sherlock’s lips. ‘Mycroft was only thirteen, Sher, and it's all irrelevant anyway,’ he said. ‘Doesn’t matter. At all.’
‘Hmm.’ Charlotte looked unimpressed. ‘I think Sherlock looks fine as he is. Is that what the youth are wearing now, Sherlock?’
‘No.’ Irene decided, picking up Sherlock’s Belstaff. It had been a gift from Mycroft; he had received it just after he and John had broken up, and he loved it. It made him seem taller, more powerful, and a lot more intimidating. Technically he wasn't supposed to wear it, but it made him feel protected and cozy and less nervous and he really needed that today. 'It took you an hour to get dressed, imagine how long it will take to get you undressed and then redressed. No time. Sorry, Sher.'
Victor smiled. ‘Why did your dad wait so long to have children? I mean, you’re fifteen, Mycroft’s twenty-two, Archie’s five…he was forty when Mycroft was born, right? And fifty-seven when Archie-’
Sherlock didn’t even bother rolling his eyes, fixing his gaze on the waiter and batting his eyelashes. ‘Good morning.’
John closed his eyes and sniffed the air. It smelt like candyfloss, and tears, and sickly-sweet perfume.
The Archbishop sighed (was that relief Sherlock saw in his eyes? What had Mycroft been saying about him?) and said to the crowd, ‘please stand.’
Sherlock laughed uncomfortably. ‘Why are you even saying this?’ He teased. ‘You’re not meant to be telling me to ask people out. You’re my over-protective older brother. You have random men follow me to school every day-‘
John turned back to the television and smiled as the King appeared. He looked good for sixty-two, with salt-and-pepper hair and a neatly trimmed beard of the same colour. He was followed out by his wife and children (John noted Sherlock, who was scowling horrifically as usual) and then his brother and his nieces.
for attempting to save her. John would remember his voice for the rest of his life: that hopeless tone as he tried to comprehend a life without the woman he loved.
animal abuser. We’re building quite the case against you…’ He paused, waiting for John to say his name, and he eventually cottoned on. ‘John. Watson. John Watson.’
‘I know.’ The deep, husky voice came from slightly to the right and above him. ‘Disgusting, isn’t it?’
Sherlock nodded, his head silhouetted in the full moon, and they lapsed back into quiet as Sherlock rowed. John didn't like to disturb him when he was in the zone, and Sherlock was clearly enjoying the powerful movement of the oar on the silent lake.
Indeed, the illegitimate children of King William Henry Siger Richard were retreating, sending a last wave at the crowd. John leaned forwards as he spotted a shadow behind the curtain; it was twitching. ‘They’re about to come out.’ Harry whispered, shooting a look at John, who ignored her completely, eyes straining because he wanted to catch that first sight of Sherlock. In that moment it felt like just him and the curtain: him and Sherlock, waiting, watching, hoping-
John blushed and looked at Sherlock, who seemed to be ignoring the nanny/housekeeper. ‘We’re not- not a couple,’ he muttered. Mrs Hudson raised an eyebrow and whispered, ‘don’t have to hide it with me, dear. Mrs Turner, who works with Duke Charles, has married ones.’
Sherlock was happier than he had ever been. In his opinion, nothing could ruin it, and for the first time since his mother died he felt truly content. His relationship with his family was slowly mending, him and Mycroft were stronger than they'd ever been before and John and he, he was sure, were going to live happily together for the rest of their lives.
‘Fuck.’ John stepped backwards, his legs almost giving way as he stumbled away from the body. ‘Fuck, Sherlock, fuck, we need to go.’
‘But you know it’s fine if you are,’ his mother continued anxiously. ‘We wouldn’t love you any less.’
‘You didn’t need me to save you,’ John murmurs, and Sherlock lets out a shaky breath. ‘We needed to save each other, John.’
He may not have liked the Royal family but seriously. The most famous teenager in the country, empire, continent, world was sitting in front of him, wearing a tourist’s cap and smiling in a way that shouldn’t be legal-
‘Good looking?’ Harry said from the doorway. She stuck her tongue out at her brother and sank into the soft cushions of the sofa. John rolled his eyes at her. ‘How would you know?’
Sherlock sets his mug carefully on the table, and then stands up. ‘John.’ And then, the only thing he can think to say, ‘It’s okay.’
Sherlock smirked. ‘Of course not. Once there were younger, better siblings, everything the older child had was instantly worthless. Isn’t that so, Mycroft?’
John threw his head back and laughed and Sherlock couldn't help smiling because it was him who had made John laugh like that,
John was standing before he knew what he was doing, eager to follow Sherlock, before his brain caught up. ‘Where-‘
When John was thirteen, he saw the London pride parade on the news as he sat with a group of his friends in front of the TV after a sleepover.
Mary shook her head firmly. ‘Definitely not.’ Mary had pretty traditional views on homosexuality, which was odd considering two of her three best friends were bi and the other was definitely ambiguous.
He reached into a drawer in the ancient kitchenette attached to the back wall and withdrew two pieces of laminated paper. ‘This is the schedule for Tuesday’s. You get a new one every day. How long are you here for?’
and nodded at the children, though his brain had completely closed down. He was presented with the Sword, then the Orb, and finally the archbishop took the crown and said, ‘O God the Crown of the faithful: bless we beseech thee this Crown, and so sanctify thy servant Sherlock upon whose head this day thou dost place it for a sign of Royal Majesty, that he may be filled by thine abundant grace with all princely virtues: through the King eternal Jesus Christ our Lord.’
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and shook his head. ‘Irene, although you are of above average intelligence, I doubt you could teach me anything that I am required to know in my six A levels of Chemistry, Physics, Maths, Further Maths, English and History. The only A level that you take that I do not is psychology and the probability of me ever having to know anything about that is relatively low- you were talking about sleeping with me, weren't you.’
‘Fuck them all.’ Harry snarled. ‘What do they do for us? Did they stop dad getting shot? Did they give the farmers food during the drought? All they do is spend our money, send us to war and occasionally wave from that fucking balcony. I can’t wait for us to go the same way as South Africa and Greece.’
John Watson was in love with Sherlock Holmes, and he wanted to tell him so badly that he wanted to scream, scream through the crowd of people gathered around the outside of the hospital, scream until his throat was hoarse and his lungs gave up. He wanted to tell Sherlock so badly that he dropped the phone (
His daughters flung themselves at him, tackling him to the ground. Dante, held firmly in Sherlock’s grasp, squealed delightedly as he toppled to the floor, landing on his father’s stomach as his sisters tickled Sherlock on the floor. ‘Please- no- Dante-‘
Ella, standing by the door, picked up John’s phone from the table and raised her eyebrows in silent question, and John, the only one looking, nodded quietly and looked back down at his son, his son and his daughter and his partner, as she snapped a picture-
They’ve been in silence for too long, and Sherlock realises it is his turn to speak. ‘People- people do little else.’
That perfect memory of the two boys, surrounded by the stars, floating in the dark, as their story began.
He couldn’t believe he had just said that, said what he had tried to supress for the last nineteen years, said it actually out loud, said what could quite possibly be the biggest secret the royal family had ever kept.
They didn’t spend much time at John’s house; he never said anything, but John knew that his father made Sherlock uncomfortable. Henry Watson had always been able to see through deception and deceit, and even John suspected he knew more than he let on about the status of his and Sherlock’s relationship. He didn't say anything, as far as John knew, but there was always that hidden threat that he might let something slip, and John knew how awful that would be for them both, particularly Sherlock.
Morag was walking around again. ‘You know, Sherlock, they say that religion is the main cause of destruction. Politics, anger, hatred, discrimination. They’re wrong. People will do anything for love; they will stop at nothing to get the person they want.’
John almost growled before he said, ‘I’ve met some obnoxious people, Sherlock whatever-your-name-is, but you really take the biscuit. Acting like you’re the most important person on the planet, like you own the place, like you’re the bloody King or something. If you’re going to be rude to me, I’ll be rude to you. Clear? ’
The square was packed; there were twice as many guards. As the balcony doors began to open, Henry murmured, ‘do you think they’ll tell us how he died?’
Sherlock nodded, closing his eyes, and John’s heart contracted with love for the man he would follow to the ends of the Earth. ‘I love you.’
The boy cocked his head at John and narrowed his eyes, perfectly mimicking Sherlock’s deducing look, before smiling coldly and nodding at the far end of the pool. ‘Sherlock wants you gone.’
that John was feeling the same because he was kissing him in the same way, passionate and brilliant and
‘Thanks, Mike.’ Sherlock nodded, before he turned and sprinted out of the gates, Victor close behind.
The hard contours of Sherlock’s face seemed like a barrier, designed to make people think like Harriet did about him. It was like…
People were openly crying now, and John had tears streaming down his face. Sherlock, heart aching with love, smiled at him, as John let out a choking laugh, before standing up and throwing his arms around Sherlock and kissing him, hard, on the lips. ‘I love you,’ he whispered, and Sherlock winked down at him. ‘Can’t blame you. I’m irresistible.’
The moment he heard the tone Sherlock stared into his mirror, and even though he was a little pissed off that he hadn't gotten a chance to ask John (
‘Lightweight,’ John teased, though in all seriousnesses he felt far drunker than Sherlock looked. Sherlock scowled down at him and kicked out, missing completely and falling flat on his arse. ‘Shit,’ he swore. ‘Fucking stupid fucking coordination.’
‘Can we do anything?’ Jenny instantly volunteered, and John nodded. The resort was like a second home to him and he couldn't believe someone would do something like that: how could they be that cruel?
John looked away, not really sure what he was meant to be doing. The brown haired boy smirked, before pulling Sherlock up to his own height and kissing him aggressively (John was pretty sure he saw both of their tongues and threw up in his mouth a bit) before releasing him, winking at John, and leaving.
There were other moments, of course, but until the summer after his fifteenth birthday, these were the most significant, the most important, the most life changing.
He had asked his friend Molly, once, why she thought the royals were still so popular; even more so than they had been three decades before. She had answered with, ‘because the whole country adores them. They’re a symbol of all of us, and they do us so proud. We’re the most powerful nation on the planet, John!’
Sherlock moved his mouth off, moving off John’s dick with a pop that should not have been as sexy as it was and saying in that voice (
‘Hell yeah,’ John replied, putting all thoughts of Sherlock and gayness out of his head, ready for a good old fashioned dare. ‘Why?’
Sherlock, who was standing next to a tall boy with floppy brown hair and an arrogant smile and leaning against the counter, grinned. ‘Robber
Nathaniel’s wearing a suit and blue bow-tie: John hasn't seen him so dressed up in years. Nathaniel prefers the long coat and scarf that his father preferred to wear when working, and although it makes John so, so happy to see his son continuing Sherlock’s work, solving crimes and hunting down criminals, it hurts as well. Nathaniel is always being told how much he looks like Sherlock but sometimes it’s uncanny. John can remember several incidences where he came downstairs and found his son crouched over an experiment, or writing swiftly in a notebook, or even watching bad reality TV and felt that he had been transported thirty years into the past.
John shook his head and stepped into the café, nodding at the barista. She was a girl from his school, one of the few aged over fifteen he hadn’t tried to land; her name was Ellie, and she was in his year but in a different class
Sherlock and John had been friends for over a year now, and Sherlock was happier than he had been for a very, very long time. He didn’t get the black feelings anymore, he didn’t spend his days locked in his room, twanging his violin and wishing he was a detective, he didn’t even crave the drugs that had sustained him for almost a year. He was truly and completely content, because he finally had a real, true, proper friend.
‘I’m sure Lestrade has seen enough of you for both of us,’ Sherlock winked, and Mycroft fixed him with a scathing look. ‘Enjoy him, John,’ he hissed, before storming away, Lestrade jabbering away in quick French next to him.
‘Anyway,’ Greg continued. ‘He was talking to the kids and he woke me up. I didn’t say anything because it seemed so private, he was talking about all these things I had no idea about and he sounded so upset. I was going to just pretend I’d been asleep, but then he- he said something about his mother.’
He can’t listen to the real Moriarty when he appears. He talks, he flirts, he speaks without speaking, entirely focused on John. All that matters is John, keeping John safe, finding a way to make John safe. His heart leaps back into action when John grabs Moriarty from behind, his brain racing, frantically trying to come up with a way to remove the danger from him: he’s happy when he realises the red sniper lights are tracked on him, but it doesn’t remain that way and his heart stops again when John is back under the steady glow of the lights. It occurs to him that, whilst people joke that it is the doctor who has sworn unswerving loyalty to the detective, it was in fact the other way round: he would do anything, everything, to make sure John is safe.
John sat down, his back to the wall, and stared at his hands. The hands which were now bloody, because whatever John said to Sherlock he had never killed anyone in Afghanistan, injured plenty, certainly, but never killed, and now he had.
When the surrogate, a pleasant woman by the name of Anthea Bridge, had gone into labour, entire flocks of people had gathered outside the hospital waiting. A young man by the name of William Wiggins (Sherlock had found him at a drug den when he had been going incognito in London one evening a year previously and had moved the boy into the palace as a page; Mycroft had been beyond furious) had gone out, exactly an hour after the birth, and put up a blackboard stating that a girl, born at 7:46 am on the eighth of October 2022, and a boy, born at 8:04 am on the eighth of October 2022, had been delivered and were healthy.
And John was laughing, leaning against the wall and thumping it with his left hand. ‘Christ, you have no idea how much I’ve missed you.’
Sherlock mock-gasped as he slammed the post-it note onto John’s forehead, missing and whacking the chair. ‘M’ curls are
‘Yet.’ Mycroft added. John sat back in his chair and tried to stop smiling; the fights between Mycroft and Sherlock were absolutely hilarious. They took them so seriously whilst everyone else in the room just stood there, debating whether to laugh or call the police.
‘It’s time to go, William.’ Morag barked at him, trying to pull him towards the door. Everyone else in the hall was already gone; Sherlock hadn’t noticed them leaving, which was very unlike him. ‘I don’t want too,’ he whined even as Morag dragged him towards the door. ‘Can we reschedule?’
Sherlock just stared at him incredulously. ‘Of course I choose him. Are you mad? He’s good for me, James, whilst all you do is betray me and make me hurt people.’
Sherlock’s face broke out into a breath-taking smile, lighting up his eyes and crinkling his nose. ‘So that’s…’
Sherlock frowned. ‘Not gay?’ He stepped slightly back to study the blue, purple and pink letters painted on John’s chest. ‘Really?’
Behind them, someone yelled, ‘Sherlock ! Est-ce que vous ne jouez pas?’ Sherlock turned around and shouted back, ‘Plus tard. Je suis un peu fatigué.’
John’s eyes were scanning his face and Sherlock felt uncomfortable because John and only John could deduce him adequately, and he didn’t want John to know how confused (had John even said yes?) he was because that seemed pathetic.
‘Sherlock, it’s boiling hot in here. What do you want to say?’ For June, the weather was oddly warm, and John was sweating in his jacket.
John stood up stiffly, and Sherlock followed suit, walking around the table until they were about a foot away from each other, eyes fixed, hands clenched, hearts pounding.
It was like a jab to the gut, a feeling of longing and want and sadness so acute that Sherlock would have doubled over if he had been able to, but he couldn't, because he was a King, and nothing mattered to a King but his Kingdom. He wrenched his arm from Morag's grip and said, voice trembling with barely-contained anger, ‘I swear on my life, my Kingdom and God that the moment that crown touches my head I will fire you, Morag. If I can get away with it, I’ll exile you. If the death penalty was still allowed, I would
Sherlock frowned. ‘What are you talking about, Jack? Home is a house. The dictionary defines home as the place one lives permanently, especially as a member of a family or household.’
And then Nathaniel is sprinting out of the delivery room, cheeks flushed and eyes shining, and he shouts, ‘boys! Two boys! Twin boys! Safely delivered and perfect, healthy,
John stared at his hand on Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock stared at John’s hand on his knee. John looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock looked down at John.
He didn’t have a home, he thought as the car rushed through the streets. He hadn’t said anything but the chauffer was clearly taking him back to Buckingham palace, and Sherlock watched the houses, the people who all had places to go, dreams, aspirations and he had nothing, would never have anything because he was a King, and that was that. When he was younger, he had wanted to be a detective, but that would never have been possible; all Sherlock did was sit there and prevent disaster. That was Mycroft’s thing; Sherlock was just an unwilling candidate.
‘Sebastian dislikes it when you sleep with her,’ Sherlock said mindlessly as he stood up and threw his textbooks in his bag. The teacher was saying something but Sherlock didn't care; they weren't really even meant to
A cold shiver of fear ran up his spine. No one could see that picture. It was proof of him and Sherlock’s love and relationship, a relationship that was meant to be secret and
One year and six months had passed since that day. Six months training, a year on the front line, eighteen months without seeing his Sherlock. He’d seen him on the television, of course, during the weekly address, and he was always in the newspapers, but he hadn’t seen
John smiled for the first time, though tears were now streaming down his face, and he whispered, ‘Why do you speak French around me when you know I don't speak it?’
When John was sixteen, he witnessed the London pride parade from the top floor of the house of commons (aka parliament).
He doesn’t want to tell James he loves him. He wants to tell James that he scares him, that he wishes they’d never met, that he lives in constant fear, that he lives the life of the oppressed. He doesn’t think James knows what love is: he certainly doesn’t think
The last thing he remembered before he blacked out was the shadow of a person that he almost recognised, with dark hair and snake-like eyes, sitting on top of the hut, blocking out the sun.
‘You’re going to leave me?’ John replied. He didn’t have to fake the tears dripping down his face, though he made no move to step forwards any more. ‘You’re going to leave me here, alive, while you go god-knows-where, dead? That’s not what I want-‘
They couldn’t hold hands, walking around Buckingham palace; instead, they walked as close together as they could, arms bumping into each other. John with a spring in his step, Sherlock wearing John’s rugby jacket. He had barely taken it off in the five months since John had given it to him.
John had wondered why Mycroft and Sherlock seemed familiar with each other and thought about asking, but it was explained by the
His parents had looked at each other worriedly, but like a fool John had just gone, not suspecting a thing. He hadn’t even been afraid when he realised he was not alone in the car; two men, one in a black suit (bodyguard, John thought) and one who didn’t look to be much older than twenty-four or five, who was clearly a copper. The bodyguard was fingering a gun and the policeman looked vaguely sick: John thought he recognised him as Lestrade, the man who supplied Sherlock with the case files that made him so happy, and had attempted to make conversation but Lestrade had just shaken his head and said quietly, ‘you’re required to remain silent, Mr Watson.’
‘Fuck this,’ Hamish gasped, and he flipped Sherlock around so he was on top of the younger man, hands frantically working at Sherlock’s tie. ‘These do nothing for you, never wear them again.’
Talia looked away and Xander wriggled slightly. Sherlock sighed and leaned back on his feet. ‘I feel sorry for you, you know. And not only because you have the world’s fattest prick for a father. You were born into this godforsaken family, and you’re so innocent, so untouched, and they’re going to make your life a living hell. It starts well, I suppose. Presents and days named after you and pictures of you in the newspaper, and that’s all fine when you’re a kid, but when you grow…’ Sherlock looked down. ‘The press puts pictures of me in compromising situations. I am constantly hounded. I just want to be left alone. I have all these issues from being brought up the way I am. I was exploited by a mad Irishman, I was cursed with being both gay and the heir to the throne, I was abused by a nanny, my mother killed herself-‘
Sherlock swallowed hard and repeated, ‘no one,’ before turning, slamming the door and running back to his quarters.
‘I’m crying because I’m happy,’ John sobbed. Sherlock still felt slightly apprehensive (did people usually cry when they were happy?) but John moved his head closer and said, ‘I’m crying because I’ve never been this happy and- and full of emotion, and I don’t know how to react.’
‘What did I miss? Still holding onto my child, Lila?’ John looked at Sherlock, who was leaning against the door frame, and tried to smile as if he hadn’t been shamelessly eavesdropping. ‘Sherlock-‘
Sherlock blinked rapidly, his alcohol-soaked brain refusing to compute what was going on. ‘So have I.’
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. ‘Lestrade,’ he began, an impish look in his eyes, ‘Est-il amusant, sucer la bite de mon frère, ou est trop gros pour être confortable?’
Irene was still talking, oblivious to the utter crisis John was having. ‘I mean, Janine and I are both over sixteen, but you and Sherlock…’
‘SHERLOCK!’ John shouted, and Lila screamed back, ‘Don’t start shouting! That’s way too fucking stressful!’
They were all looking at him and Sherlock swallowed hard. It had been almost two years since the James incident, and he had reassured them it had just been a one-off, an experiment, though how they had managed to believe that was in not understandable to him. He hadn’t shown any homosexual preferences openly since, though, so maybe he had managed to reassure them, but Sherlock hated hiding, especially about something he was not ashamed of-
John’s daughter is born on his thirty-fifth birthday, and Sherlock is there. The moment she is born John leaves the room and sits next to Sherlock, tells him that he has a daughter and then says nonchalantly,
Sherlock knew this was it the moment he woke up, on that normal day in December, lying in his normal bed, at the normal time, as the normal sun streamed through his curtains and threw warm golden light at the dark shadows on his walls. He knew this was it because, for the first time, he had woken up feeling free and unburdened: a far cry from his normal state, which was caged and miserable.
Sherlock liked Irene, so he had agreed, but John hated it. He even got angry at Sherlock about it, despite it being as far from his fault as humanely possible.
‘They don’t have to pretend, for one day a year.’ Sherlock smiled one of those rare, genuine smiles: the sort that brightened up his face and turned him from stunning to beautiful, and John felt something, deep in his chest, that he’d never felt before. ‘They can be who they are in front of the world. Of course they’re happy.’ He met Sherlock’s gaze, and when their eyes locked John knew that he was done pretending. ‘I think I deserve to be happy.’
‘Hooray!’ Charlie was dancing around the sitting room, Redbeard bounding around her. ‘Thank you, Daddy! I love you forever!’
Sherlock and Lestrade had been acquaintances since before Sherlock had met James: the Detective often supplied him with case files and let him onto crime scenes, as long as Sherlock was accompanied by about a billion massive bodyguards, but anyone who fancied Mycroft was, in his book, clearly insane.
‘Who is it?’ Sherlock asked. He was imagining a tall, blonde woman who Mycroft saw out of his window and salivated at; totally out of his league, totally impossible. What was Mycroft’s type? Did Mycroft had a type? How had this crush formed in the first place-
He was so good at it that John often wondered whether Sherlock had ever done anything like this with someone else, before John. They had had the talk about two weeks after they started going out, just before John was about to give Sherlock a blowjob. It was the first time John had ever done anything like it and he was horribly nervous, partly because of how amazing Sherlock was at it and partly because of the sheer size of his dick. Although it wasn't anywhere near as wide as John’s it was a good couple inches longer and it scared him to even look at it.
John made a noise that could have been a laugh and said, ‘I don't know. I've never done this before.'
But John Watson was not just any friend. Victor was a friend, Mike was a friend, Lestrade could be counted as a friend. No. John Watson was his best friend. No one else was John’s best friend, just he. John had told him so, himself.
Sherlock carefully slid under the covers and wrapped an arm around John. He would think about what he’d done in the morning - for now, he was going to lie here, wait for the alcohol to clear from his brain, and then commit every detail of the last hour to his memory.
‘Don’t you dare!’ Sherlock screamed, all his pent-up emotion suddenly released because it was hitting him, properly hitting him, what he had just done to his John, the boy who had saved him, the boy he loved, the boy he would do absolutely anything for and Sherlock knew that if John ever found out that he would never forgive him and Sherlock accepted that instantly: it was unforgivable what he had just done and hell, Sherlock couldn’t and wouldn’t and shouldn't forgive himself.
Sherlock came with incredible ferocity, closely followed by Hamish, who groaned and collapsed onto him, breathing heavily into his neck. They were both spent, both sweaty, and both fully clothed (save for Sherlock’s tie, which was crumpled in a heap in the corner of the room).
Sherlock had been doing exams at Oxford University for over two weeks. He had started Uni at the age of sixteen, just after John had met him, and now, a year and a half later, he was halfway through his second year. John couldn't have been more proud of him, of course, but Sherlock had spent most of the school year going between Oxford and Buckingham, preparing, and that had meant much less time with John.
The other members of John’s family were freaking out, John could hear them, but he just focused on these children, except none of them were children, the oldest was the same age as his
If there’s one thing that John knows for sure, it’s that he has no idea would have happened if he hadn’t met Sherlock. There was a short answer – one word, seven letters, the most abhorrent and tragic word in the English language – but he didn’t even want to think about that. Not now. Not now-
And John felt an ache in his chest that immediately convinced him that he was not over Sherlock, that he would never be over Sherlock, that he didn’t want to be over Sherlock and that he wanted nothing more than to be with Sherlock, right then, for the rest of their lives.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he considered the name before shaking his head. ‘There’s been a King John.’ He was sprawled in his chair in his bedroom; the sun had set hours before and he was watching the stars appreciatively.
'They knew that would have the most impact,' John murmured. 'They knew that it would hurt more to just come from Mycroft. I mean, he was always portrayed as having such a close relationship with-'
The soldiers had all been standing perfectly still, completely amazed, when a second man had come out of the helicopter. He had quietly informed all of the waiting soldiers that if they told anyone about this they would be exiled or worse. He had told them that a payment of £10000 had been made directly into their bank accounts; he hoped that this was enough to buy their silence.
The effect was instant; John’s family and Molly, who had been sitting, stunned, staring at him, unfroze. Molly squealed; John’s mother grasped her heart; John’s father half-rose, the expression on his face half mortification and half confusion. His sister’s mouth had fallen open and she didn’t seem to be breathing, looking at Sherlock as if he were an alien from another planet.
Victor shrugged. ‘He obviously cares about you, Sher. He didn’t even care about the fact I was a dude.’
‘You see,’ Sherlock said as he walked towards her, ‘introducing myself as the heir to the throne, Prince William Sherlock Scott, Duke of the Eastern territories, Heir to the Throne of the Holmes Kingdom, can be a bit intimidating. Not to mention the entire thing takes about ten minutes to say.’
And that’s how Sherlock ended up, 119 days before the large social gathering involving dancing, secret drinking and everyone pretending to like each other held annually for the year 13’s at Sherwood Grammar School, baking cookies in Molly’s kitchen, with flour in his hair and an apron which read ‘I don't do work on days that end in day’.
He didn’t reply. Instead, John stood on his tiptoes and kissed Sherlock in front of his kingdom and thought about the sixteen year old boy who had watched this same man on the balcony and wondered if he would ever be truly happy.
‘Because he feels like he owes it to my mother. He loved my mother, and he thinks if he protects me he’s paying her back.’ Sherlock explained. ‘Stupid, really.’
Sherlock smiled as well. ‘Thank you. As I was saying, I proposed to John earlier this year, and we are planning on being married in the summer of next year.’
He walked briskly over to the south wall and winked at Victor, before shouting loudly, ‘oh Victor! Yes, oh yes! Do that again! God, I love you! AH! Victor! I’m close! Again!’
‘YOU’RE WRONG!’ Sherlock screamed, pulling his hands away and covering his face. ‘She died because of me, John, I just let her die.’
Not now, of course. Now he was perfectly content to submit to Jim and let him do whatever the hell he wanted.
‘What does it say?’ John frowned. Although he had picked up some French over the two summers he’d been here, he had no idea what this said. Too many verbs.
‘Pleased meeting you,’ Mike said in heavily accented French. Molly didn't say anything, just nodding quickly before alternating between staring at the ground and then staring at Sherlock, who was clearly doing his best to ignore her.
Irene sighed. ‘Why, are you scared it will be awkward because you abandoned him on the roof after heavily making out with him, left the next day without saying goodbye and then didn't contact him for a year?’ When John looked guilty, Irene smiled smugly. ‘He told me when I first got here, about a month ago. He was pretty torn up about it,
‘Have you ever seen the person you love most in the world die?’ Sherlock repeated, still looking at John. ‘Because I have, John, and I never wanted to see that again.’
‘Exactly.’ Sherlock laughed, grinning at his friend. John winked at him and Sherlock inclined his head. ‘Anyway, Mrs Watson-‘
Dancing didn’t seem like a strenuous sport; it was. Sherlock needed two hands to count the number of broken and sprained ankles he had had, and he had broken all of the bones in his left leg when he tried to do the splits across the bars and fell off when he was twelve (the press had said he'd gotten into a fight with Mycroft over Sherlock being the heir: Mycroft had actually spent the night next to Sherlock's hospital bed, reading his little brother the entire Chronicles of Narnia and then playing snap when Sherlock woke up in tears at four in the morning), but he wouldn't stop, even when they tried to make him, saying it was a danger to his health. Sherlock loved to dance and he would not give it up for anything.
Sherlock laughed bitterly. ‘I would be a detective. A consulting detective. Unfortunately, my career has already been picked out for me.’
‘I’m always right.’ She kisses him, softly, and pulls away. ‘You’ll find someone who can handle your ghosts, one day. When human beings can- can fly, can communicate with a man on the other side of the world at a whim, can be who they are without fear of persecution.’
‘Huh?’ John asked in wonder. There were stacks of paper everywhere, a desk with an Apple laptop sitting on it, a skull over a fire and a cow skull. A sofa and comfortable looking chairs sat by the fire, and in the kitchen several test tubes and vials were set up.
‘I bet you wish I had jumped earlier,’ he teased. The mirth on Mycroft’s features faded and he looked away. ‘Never, Sherlock.' He paused, and then said quietly, 'your loss would break my heart.’
That scene on the roof was playing through his mind; Sherlock was going to jump, Sherlock wasn’t listening to John, and then when he had been persuaded to step away Moriarty shot himself and Sherlock just stared. What if there had been snipers? What if it had been a trick? What if-
Rosie and Sherlock’s favourite topic was John Watson. Rosie couldn’t really speak in full sentences yet, being a slightly above average toddler of just twenty months, but Sherlock could speak enough for both of them, and Rosie never shot him down like he was pretty sure everyone else would. Plus, she couldn’t yet tell John. This was also a large advantage.
‘What happened?’ He said, voice so hard that it made Sherlock flinch, physically flinch, and Jim smiled, and said, ‘oh, John. Settle down. This is a long, long story.’
The music had stopped at some point: when Sherlock looked down, he saw that the hall was almost clear. ‘It appears that my party has left.’
Sherlock’s mouth was fixed in a thin white line. His skin was even paler than usual, and his hands were holding the phone so tightly that John could see the vivid blue tendons clearly against the stretched-out skin. ‘Sherlock-‘
‘I think we should release a statement,’ John said for the millionth time. Sherlock sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He loved John, of course he did, but sometimes the other boy could be breathtakingly stupid. ‘If we do that, it’ll look like we’re trying far too hard. They’ll think we’re trying to cover it up.’
Neither of her fathers replied. Sherlock was lost, lost in a memory from eighteen years ago, with two boys, one with black hair and one with blonde, dancing in the glow of tiny stars. The start of a story, the start of a journey, the start of Sherlock’s
‘Are you alright, father?’ Izzy said worriedly, seeing the look on Mycroft’s face. ‘Yes, quite,’ he replied, staring after his brother. ‘It’s just- he’s never thanked me before.’
Sarah was speaking behind him, but John was too busy rolling up his sleeves, even as the pain continued, and his eyes widened at the line of blue
The boy smirked slightly, before taking one of John’s cups and sipping it, slowly. John raised an eyebrow, surprised by the audacity, but didn’t reprimand him. ‘I’m surprised you’re not wincing,’ he said instead. ‘It’s pretty strong.’
This encouraged the flames, which leapt a few more inches out of the oven. Molly dropped the tea towel.
His parents smiled fondly and left with a wave, and Sherlock settled back in his sheets, absentmindedly tracing the red bruises, and wondering just where his soulmate was, and, most of all, if he was ok.
John laughed, shaking his head. ‘Always liked kids. Twins are a handful, though. Why don’t you get a nanny?’
‘With me?’ Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, scarcely daring to believe it, even as John snorted. ‘Yeah. With you.’
‘The small, obnoxious looking one?’ John said without thinking before blushing furiously. Sherlock laughed again. ‘Yes. His name is Victor-‘
She flashed them a quick smile. ‘Just excited. Hopefully they’ll be fast, right? I don’t want to sit in the waiting room forever.’
‘Me,’ Sherlock and Christopher said at the same time. Sherlock slid off his chair and crawled towards Christopher's model, picking up the screwdriver and beginning to assemble it as his son muttered profanities at the model and in particular the
John’s life had started when he met Sherlock, and there was no way in hell he would ever, could ever, go back.
Mycroft was waiting for him on the stairs, tapping his foot angrily. ‘Two things,’ he said angrily. ‘One, I just talked to Gregory, who is clearly hiding something about you. Two, why are you here and not at the premier?’
When Sherlock was finally ushered off the balcony, after a rueful wave at the crowd, there were even more people gathered in the waiting room. After shaking the hand of a trembling, auburn haired boy (
Sherlock, who was lying on the floor with his son balanced on top of his stomach, nodded approvingly. ‘I have never seen a cranium sparkle so substantially, Octavia. You have once again exceeded expectations.’
Mary, who was wearing a rather fetching white dress, shrugged in disgust. ‘Because Mike promised it would be a small gathering.’
John stands up, and Sherlock prepares to watch him walk away. Again. Walk away with that broken face, that broken heart, that broken family, and suddenly, he feels angry, angry at how he feels and how John feels and at Mary,
It’s the thought that Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are not done, they’re just restarting, and maybe it won’t work but maybe it will, because hope is all they have after they’ve been broken and fixed all these times.
But he wondered what Sherlock had meant when he rocked on the floor whispering not again, don't remember. What had happened to make him react like that? What was he not remembering? It was just another secret to add to the list that Sherlock was clearly keeping from him, and John was starting to feel as if he would never truly know the boy if he didn't open up to him soon.
The thing that Harry didn’t realise, John thought, was that their mother wasn’t crying for William. Not anymore.
John stood there and stared at Sherlock, those blue eyes so hurt and afraid and heartbroken that Sherlock wanted to cry.
Mycroft lifted his hands in a surrender gesture. ‘Pax, brother mine. I wouldn’t mention his name. Not after what he did to you. And me. And the rest of our family. And our country. And our Kingdom.’
on his life for the first time in two years. He was home, he was ready, and he was about to embark on his next, best, biggest adventure, if only John would stop and talk to him and let him near.
He doesn't really know what he’s doing as he dials Sherlock’s number. He doesn't know what he wants to say until Sherlock picks up with a
‘No, no, no!’ Sherlock interceded hastily. ‘I mean, yes. I like it. A lot.’ As if to prove his point, he kissed John briefly on the lips, tugging on his bottom lip just the way John liked. ‘See?’
John, who was lying on the bed next to Sherlock, huffed. ‘The rumours have existed for almost seven years, Mycroft. Surely nobody will pay any attention to them, not now-‘
Jenny was still crying and Harry, usually so dismissive of her mother's feelings, put her arm awkwardly around her. 'I know,' she whispered, and John knew that she
‘Surprisingly, I’m not being sarcastic.’ Sherlock rubbed his chin, thinking thoughtfully. ‘What’s the date today?’
‘I liked her,’ Sherlock muttered. ‘She had the most delectable perfume. She gave me a bottle to experiment on for Christmas last year.’
There was no need to make it official. There was no need: John knew that Sherlock was his, Sherlock knew that John was his, and it was obvious to everyone around them that they belonged to each other. They always had done, really, because if anybody in the world were soulmates it was Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
John was infamous as a bit of a player, and the rumours about who he had done and what he had done with them were wide and many. His favourite was one that had been made up by Mike; when they had gone on their rugby tour. John had got off with a girl in Australia, then a girl in Indonesia, then a girl in Italy in the space of three weeks, earning him the nickname ‘Three Continents Watson’, a name which the younger children liked to whisper in the corridors when he walked past them.
‘Faggots,’ Seb corrected. ‘They have other names, too. My brother was telling me a few nights ago. Poofters, homos, dykes if they’re girls.’
Sherlock coughed awkwardly and stood. ‘Well. It’s odd that you’ve clearly thought a great deal about this and it’s creeping me out a tiny bit so I’m going to go now. Thank you for offering to pay for an unnecessarily expensive meal at the Ritz, but I’m going to have to decline your offer due to it just being so, so wrong that my brother is trying to get me laid-‘
Sherlock knew who it was. He leaned forwards a little more and said triumphantly, ‘Am I the current King of England?’
Mycroft sighed, walking towards Sherlock and placing a hand on his shoulder. ‘I’m sorry, Sherlock, but we need you there.’
‘Alright, she might have meant it platonically, but with me and John there’s always the question of whether it’s platonic or not.’ Sherlock groaned and threw his head back. ‘I’ve tried
Lots of things hurt John. It hurt when he and Sherlock were apart. It hurt, to see Sherlock’s father making homophobic jokes. It hurt, to see Sherlock accept them, laughing, pain evident in his eyes.
Sherlock padded to the bed, pausing and looking down. ‘John?’ He said softly, but the doctor remained silent, arms folded defiantly over his chest.
Ten minutes later, John was in Greg and Mycroft’s quarters with his niece and nephew. The twins were just over a year old and, in John’s opinion, even more adorable than they had been before. Xander’s big brown eyes and mournful smile, so like Mycroft’s, melted him, whilst Talia’s giggles and soft ginger hair made his heart ache.
He even forgets about the thrill because breaking Sherlock doesn't seem important. He’d much rather be with Sherlock than break him.
The limo stopped and Sherlock immediately stood up. ‘Thank God that’s over,’ he said. ‘Now, let us never speak of this again.’
‘King Sherlock!’ ‘Your majesty!’ ‘What a great day for our nation!’ ‘Your father would be so proud!’ ‘Thank you so much for inviting us, your highness!’
‘Uh huh.’ Irene turned towards the other three. ‘Right. Who here likes a bit of same sex relations?’
And then John caught Sherlock’s eye, and saw all the pain and misery and disbelief that he had felt as he watched Jim and the younger boy kissing just ten minutes earlier.
John pushed Hunter towards Smith, who dropped to his knees and grabbed Hunter's face, openly crying as he gasped, 'Hunter, Hunter, no, Hunter, Hunter-'
because he was paranoid as well as fat, and to just leave his friends alone because it was weird and creepy.
John shook his head. ‘Never. I don’t want to bring it up. It’s obviously a big issue for him, which is completely understandable. If that had happened to me…’ he trailed off, shuddering. He couldn’t imagine it now, let alone when he was just five years old.
John grinned and kissed Sherlock once more, briefly, before pushing the younger man away and gesturing at the door. ‘Off with you. Don’t do anything stupid.’
He ran down the stairs and into the kitchen, ignoring exclamations from the cooks and went up the stairs, up the stairs that led to the roof where he waited when Sherlock had official duties, up the stairs that led to the roof where he and Sherlock had reconciled after their ‘two year hiatus’, up the stairs that led to the roof where Jim Moriarty and Sherlock would be confronting each other-
Harry and he had played there as children, with their action figures or cars, and later on the Wii or PlayStation. His sister was slumped on the beanbags, a hip flask in her hand. John decided not to say anything and sank down on the beanbag next to her, noticing that the TV was on and showing the speeech. The balcony doors were opening.
Both brothers were looking at him, Sherlock eager, Mycroft daring him to answer wrong; they looked so alike John was half-tempted to take a picture and tack it to the fridge with a funny title.
‘You clean up well,’ John joked, and he pulled one of the wayward curls slightly until it sprang back, curling close to Sherlock’s head. ‘Who’d have thought it?’
Sherlock didn't reply, too busy watching his daughters open the box. Seeing their heads together, one brown, one blonde, he felt an unusual sense of pride. His twin girls had always been very different; Violet was blonde, with Sherlock’s eyes and mind, and was taller, slimmer and a lot more extroverted than her sister, whilst Tavvy was smaller, with brown hair and John’s eyes. She was very intelligent, that was clear, though compared to Violet people often forgot her, and Sherlock could see a lot of himself in her, when he was that age. Despite their differences, though, the two girls were best friends and utterly dependant on each other: John often said that they were a more obviously affectionate version of Sherlock and Mycroft.
“No, no, no, don't look like that. Practically everyone is,” Sherlock waved him off. “Now, look. Do you see what's missing?”
“Yes, I went and moved in right away,” Sherlock nodded as he tried to tidy his things. John continued to look around when something odd caught his interest.
“Are there other things you two can do?” Mycroft asked, looking very much interested. John looked conflicted about whether he should tell them or not.
“Skipping meals isn’t healthy especially breakfast,” John replied seriously. Sherlock could sense how serious John was and gave in.
“No, she was leaving an angry note in German! Of course, she was writing Rachel; no other word it can be. Question is: why did she wait until she was dying to write it?” Sherlock asks thoughtfully.
“What about these suicides then, Sherlock? I thought that’d be right up your street. Three exactly the same,” Mrs. Hudson said, not looking up from the paper. Sherlock looked at the window and John could see a frown appear on the man’s gorgeous face.
“Someone special? No, not really my area,” Sherlock said uncaringly. John’s heart throbs painfully at the detective’s words
“I don't even smoke,” Sherlock said as he showed off his forearm where the nicotine patches were. Lestrade showed off his own forearm. There were nicotine patches there too.
“Harry Watson, clearly a family member who's given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man's gadget. Could be a cousin, but you're a war hero who can't find a place to live. Unlikely you've got an extended family, certainly not one you're close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who's Clara? Three kisses say it's a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says soul mate, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently, this model's only six months old. Trouble in paradise then – six months on he's just given it away. If she'd left him, he would have kept it. People do. Sentiment, but no, he wanted to get rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you: that says he wants you to stay in touch. You're looking for cheap accommodation, but you're not going to your brother for help. That says you've got problems with him. Maybe you liked his soul mate; maybe you don't like his drinking,” Sherlock further explained.
John thought in embarrassment.  Sherlock just shrugged and sat down on the recliner and trying to relax with the sound of John’s humming filling his ears. He could feel John’s gaze on him but didn’t move from his relaxed position. Footsteps could be heard as John walked towards the opposite side of the room. Sherlock could feel John’s wonder and amazement as he observed the room.
“No, well, yes. Umm, it’s hard to explain. I just don’t hear Sherlock's thoughts and memories and feel his emotions but like I could go to his mind using our bond as some kind of bridge,” John explained, well, tried to explain.
“I’m Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers,” John replied. The woman looks slightly horrified. She opened and closed her mouth in astonishment.
“What do you think, then, Doctor Watson? There’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing two bedrooms,” she said kindly. John tried not to blush at the remark and tried to appear nonchalantly.
“Let go of me! I need to go to him! Right now! He’s in danger!” John said in panic. Lestrade immediately let him go and without another word, John ran.
“We are here,” the cabbie informed them. Sherlock got out and waited for John as he paid the cabbie.
John thought back in warning. Sherlock could feel John’s worry and annoyance at his lack of desire for food. Sherlock sighed and look up from his phone. He saw John looking at the menu and from his thoughts, Sherlock knew John was trying to decide what he wanted. He looked down on his phone and continuing to text the client. He felt John’s annoyance grow. So with a sigh, Sherlock looked over the menu using John’s eyes while still texting the client.
“What are you guys talking about?” Greg interrupted. It was John who answered while Sherlock went back to his phone.
“If you do move into, um... two hundred and twenty-one B Baker Street, I'd be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way,” the man said instead.
“Wanna see some more?” Sherlock asked. The expression on his face showed that he knows exactly what John’s answer would be. John’s response didn’t disappoint him.
“We know he didn't,” John answered. Sherlock was muttering impatiently again, “Come on, come on. Quickly!” Mrs. Hudson came back looking a bit urgent and said, “Sherlock, dear. This taxi driver...”
Sherlock sent John images of him doing an experiment or playing the violin or shooting the walls. He heard John chuckle.
“You’re both leaving?” she asked. Sherlock stopped to look at her and then, walks up to her and grabs her shoulders gently.
Sherlock walked out of the room, still feeling a bit surprised. The next-door he decided to enter was the one labeled ‘Personality and Personal Data of Beloved’.  The moment he walked in, he was assaulted by the intoxicating scent of John. Sherlock inhaled deeply. Not realizing he closed his eyes, Sherlock opened them and looked around. On the opposite wall is a huge picture of John smiling in amazement. Sherlock felt his heart skipped a beat at the sight. Turning away from the picture, he saw that the left side of the room contained a large corkboard with bookshelves on either side and below the corkboard is a table with drawers. There was a label on top of the corkboard that said ‘Personality’.  On the right side of the room, there was a whiteboard with a table with drawers below it. On the left side of the whiteboard was an empty casement cabinet and on the right side was a small cabinet with a stereo with speakers on both sides and CD player on top. There was a label on top of the whiteboard that said ‘Personal Data’. At the center of the room was a study table with a movable reclining chair.  Sherlock walked towards the left side of the room and saw the little post-it's on the corkboard. Written on it was courageous, friendly, kind and other information dealing with John’s personality. The bookshelves were empty so Sherlock looked away and then moved to the right side of the room. On the whiteboard, Sherlock saw John’s name, occupation, soul mark and all the other things he deduced about the man that concerns his personal data. The casement cabinet was also empty so Sherlock moved towards the stereo and CD player. He opened the cabinet below it and saw a CD that labeled ‘Humming’. Sherlock was dumbfounded, to say the least. His mind was organizing everything about John to such an extreme degree. He looked around the room that still smells of John. Unable to handle the situation, Sherlock walked out quickly. Back in the main room, Sherlock saw the last door that labeled ‘Abilities’. To say the detective felt intrigued was an understatement. He immediately went inside. What he found made Sherlock even more surprised. The walls of the room were filled with moving pictures.  In the center of the room were a couple of bean bags.  Sherlock started walking towards the left side of the room. He, then, saw moving pictures that depicted the sharing of emotions and pain to telepathy and dream walking. As he slowly walked around the room, he saw more abilities like teleportation and slowing downtime. Stunned, Sherlock left his mind palace.
He carried John to his bedroom, because it was on the same floor and Sherlock didn't trust his intoxicated self to carry John safely up the stairs, and he laid him on his bed and looked at him for a moment, ignoring his rapidly rushing brain as it tried to make sense of what just happened-
except that’s of no use to him or John at that moment because all he can think about is this brilliantly simple man, and this brilliantly simple man touching and holding and
Mycroft, whilst John was telling him this, had simply stared at him with those cold blue eyes and said, ‘if you think you know my brother better than I, you are sadly mistaken, and I promise you this: if you
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. ‘You gave me your sporting jacket?’ He wasn’t a fan of modern literature, or modern filmmaking, but he and Trisha had once watched a film in which the head of the American football team gave his girlfriend his jacket to show his love-
It was Sherlock that pulled away, self-consciously running his hand through his hair as he said, ‘You’re late.’
Sherlock’s neck flushed red as John called him brilliant, which made the older man feel a little sad. What sort of upbringing must he have had if he blushed when his boyfriend called him brilliant?
the time, but John was generous). It came from being the richest, most pampered, most important child in the kingdom and probably the world, and John understood that, but it didn’t mean it wasn’t bloody annoying most of the time.
James doesn’t view life as a gift. James views life as something that must be extinguished, in order to gain power. He is Mycroft without the self-control.
Unfortunately (or fortunately, maybe?) Sherlock didn't get to hear about Jim’s idea for his and John’s first date because the potassium iodide Jim had added to their test tube caused a complete combustion of sodium and the test tube shattered, throwing flaming precipitate everywhere. In the resulting chaos Jim seemed to forget about Sherlock and his John problems due to the massive, gaping hole in his jacket sleeve (‘this is Westwood! Westwood!’).
John smiled but his mind was on other things. ‘You said he stopped being…ordinary after his mother died?’
John watched Molly walk away and then Janine follow her, Irene staring after her like a love-sick puppy. When Irene caught John watching she sauntered over to him, though she seemed less confident than usual. ‘Hiya, perv.’
There was a blank look that came over Jim’s face. It was like he shut off the more human side of him, the side that enjoyed musicals and the BeeGees and swimming and anything involving the royal family and fully embraced the part that enjoyed guns and terrorism and the light fading out of the eyes of a dying child.
John looked around, surprised. ‘You ok, Sher?’ He said, smiling that full-face smile that made him look so damned adorable it made Sherlock feel faint. He wished that John would be able to see himself at times like this; then he wouldn’t be forever going on about how ugly he felt around Sherlock, how perfect Sherlock was, how it was a miracle anyone fancied him at all. For someone so confident, John had a remarkably low self-esteem, and Sherlock thought it was stupid, especially when he compared himself to John. John was so much better than Sherlock in every single way and Sherlock couldn't see why John didn't understand that.
‘Yes.’ Sherlock said calmly. ‘His name was Mycroft Edward, originally, but Morag made my dad change it to something princely. My mother never called him anything but Mycroft, though. He never says it, but that’s why Mycroft looks after me as he does.’
Mrs Hudson nodded (the staff were all deathly afraid of Morag) but lifted up four fingers; Sherlock shrugged helplessly. Clearly, his nanny was trying to tell him something, but for the life of him Sherlock couldn't understand.
He took another satisfied bite out of his muffin and glanced at his watch, wondering where Mike was. His best friend was generally quite punctual, and John had been five minutes late.
John raised his eyebrows but didn't comment, focusing on what Irene had said about Sherlock. ‘But…Sherlock’s here?’
‘Cheap wine is the strongest,’ Mike said knowledgeably. Janine laughed, punching his arm harder than she intended judging from the look of pain on Mike’s face. ‘Ah, Mikey. We’d know nothing about France if it weren't for you.’
‘I forgive you.’ He tilted his head as Sherlock visibly sagged with relief. ‘Am I the first person you’ve told that entire story to?’
Now, as Sherlock walks into the swimming pool building where Carl Powers breathed his last, he is finally ready to admit it. He’s
Sherlock is unique. John is certain of that. But Sherlock is not just unique in the child-like way a mother tells her child that he is unique: Sherlock is actually unique, a one-of-a-kind who has and will never be seen a second time. His way of thinking is unique, his way of talking is unique, the way he reads and reacts to situations is unique, and John adores that about him.
Sherlock was wearing what the Americans commonly referred to as a tuxedo. Irene had picked it out for him, selecting a plain black suit with a white shirt and a blue bow-tie, to ‘bring out his eyes’. He didn't even feel that uncomfortable, which was nice, though he did wonder if he would be slightly over-dressed.
But because it was at Mike’s house, John and the rest of their old squad (which, at the moment, consisted of Mary and Molly and Sarah) had all faithfully promised to come.
Hidden love, Sherlock had come to realise, was a very touchy subject for most people. Sherlock would readily admit his love for John to any of his closest friends and acquaintances- the people he trusted- because he didn't think they would tell John. Irene had never admitted that she loved Molly but never outright denied it, probably because it was so obvious most of their year could see it, but Molly…Molly was different. It was much harder to see just how strongly she felt towards Irene, because she was quiet and timid and plain, so different from extroverted, intelligent, stunning Irene. Molly had had a steady boyfriend (an IT nerd called Tim) for almost two years (she’d dumped him at the beginning of the year) and genuinely treated Irene just as she treated all her friends. But to Sherlock it was obvious that Molly had truly fallen for Irene in the way her eyes lit up when she saw her, in the way they were always touching, in the way Molly’s face dropped a little whenever she saw Irene with one of her regulars or with a love bite visible on her neck-
‘And…?’ John asks, and Sherlock sighs. He hates talking about the war, the pain and the anguish and the destruction of war, but it must be done. ‘I wasn’t shot in the head or the heart. I still do not know if I can die, and I have never been able to find reports of the death of any other
This was when Sherlock kissed him, softly and seriously, and murmured, ‘Vous êtes mon été, et mon soleil, et mon amour. Je t’aime.’
‘Well,’ John said, trying to distract them, ‘I think it’s good that Mycroft has an interest in philosophy. I did a course in it, once. It was, um, enlightening.’
The announcer read out their names and Harry snorted. ‘God, what a mouthful. Prince George Francis Archibald. Prince William Sherlock Scott.’
Sherlock Holmes, the boy with no friends, the boy who actively hid away from anyone who might want to be an acquaintance of his, the boy who John had been absolutely
‘I heard it that time,’ Violet conceded, but Sherlock wasn’t listening anymore, his eyes fixed on the small, blond figure sprinting towards him.
The car pulled up outside the palace. Outside, people were screaming as they realised it was one of the royal cars; Sherlock rolled his eyes. People were amused by such trivial things.
Hunter sprawled out along the bunk and John sighed. ‘You’re pushing me off my own bunk, you dickhead.’
The idea of Edward Mycroft Holmes, the most prudish, haughty, uptight man in the country being infatuated with someone was ridiculous. Sherlock wasn’t sure whether to throw up or laugh.
And if he leaves him...the thought fills Sherlock with a cold sense of dread. He would cross that bridge when he came to it.
John's first night at the palace had been almost three months after they'd met. Once John’s security checks cleared to make sure he wasn’t an assassin, he had been allowed to sleep in 221B, and they played a game called ‘truths’ as they sat in their pyjamas in the sitting room in Sherlock's quarters at about two in the morning. John had already told Sherlock about his first kiss (depressing), his feud with his sister (hilarious) and his sexuality (not gay? What did that mean? Sherlock had found it slightly ambiguous), and now it was Sherlock’s turn.
“I guess. Although, from what I heard and understand, Mycroft will provide you information about Moriarty if you do a case for him,”
“Police! Open her up!” Sherlock shouted as he opened up the cab door and flashed a police ID. He saw the bewildered face of a tourist. “No,” Sherlock panted.
“Sherlock, with all his talents and brilliance, doesn’t really get on with people. You’ve seen how he’s like. He can be rude and arrogant and eccentric. That’s why people tend to stay away from him. He just doesn’t understand human interaction. He can deduce the motives and actions but he doesn’t understand the meaning behind it. So, what are you to him?” Lestrade asked again.
“I am clean!” Sherlock cried out in frustration. John’s heart throbs at the detective’s discomfort. He hates it. He hates seeing Sherlock like this.
“Yes, but they don’t stalk and follow the people their siblings meet. Now that I think about it, what does your brother do?”
“You defended him, though, from Sergeant Donovan’s insults,” Lestrade said. The dark-skinned woman from earlier, who was apparently Sergeant Donovan made a startled noise. “Why?” the inspector continued. John thought about it before giving the DI his answer.
Sherlock felt a presence in his mind and when he felt anger and fear that wasn’t his, well, he knew John knew that situation he was currently in.
“But they take the poison themselves; they chew, swallow the pills themselves. There are clear signs, even you lot couldn't miss them,” Sherlock said heatedly as he flew down the stairs.
“Is that three patches?” John asked in disbelief. Sherlock closed his eyes, apparently bored with the conversation.
Sherlock replied. His door was suddenly opened and he was roughly pulled out of the car. He was suddenly pressed against the door and his arms were restrained against his back. He felt a sharp pain from the uncomfortable angle of his arms He saw that Mycroft was in a similar position. He could feel John at the back of mind using his senses to further analyze the situation the detective was in. A blindfold was used to cover his eyes and he felt John’s fear grow. It was making him antsy.
“Yeah, but that was ages ago. Why would she still be upset?” Sherlock asked uncaringly. Everyone becomes quiet as they all looked at the detective. John, too, was looking at Sherlock in disbelief. Noticing the look, Sherlock looked around and saw the looks of everyone around him.
As an idea popped into his head, John sat up and went to fetch his laptop. Opening up the search bar, John typed in
, Sherlock responded as he buried in his face on top of John’s head. He felt John’s smile on his chest. Nothing was said after that. Sherlock couldn’t fault John for it because he almost did the same when he took up drugs. John heard the thought and tightened his hold on Sherlock. They continued to hug each other, seeking each other’s comfort. Suddenly, a thought entered Sherlock’s mind. He felt John’s curiosity.
“What's new about this one? You wouldn't have come to get me if there wasn't something different,” Sherlock said.
“Well, I don’t know what to say, John. As you know, a gold bond mark only happens once a century or so. The abilities of such a mark have yet to be studied,” Mycroft commented.
“Well, you’re the second person to say that to me today,” Mike said with a smile. John’s curiosity rose.
“Pity. We could have split the fee. Think it through next time,” Sherlock advised. John just smiled at the endearing man.
“The most dangerous man you've ever met and not my problem right now. On my desk, the number, Sherlock ordered again.
“Don't...” John warned, not liking the thought of touching the man when he hasn’t got the chance to touch Sherlock yet. The man gave him a patronizing look and John relented.
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb,” John responded with doubt.
“Give and take, five years,” Sherlock answered, “Is there any reason you’re asking me these questions?”
Afghanistan was truly a warzone. The bodies and gore hardened John to the core. His senses were heightened and his skill with guns and weapons were honed. With his talents, he quickly rose to the ranks of captain. He was well-respected by his fellow soldiers and commanders. He was living his dream of being a successful army doctor. Although everything was going well, if you don’t count on the dead bodies and broken bonds, but John couldn’t help feeling like something was missing. When he was shot and invalided home with a limp, he couldn’t help but feel like everything was over.  Because who could ever want an old and worthless army doctor? Finding his soul mate would be for nothing because he was damaged goods.
“If it won’t be too much trouble, officer, we would like to proceed to the crime scene as requested by the Detective Inspector,” John continued. The woman wordlessly lifted the tape and informed the DI of Sherlock’s arrival as she walked ahead of them. The two men started walking towards the building.
John praised. Sherlock blushed lightly at the praise. Sherlock watched fondly as John continued to look around. A few seconds later, John noticed Sherlock staring at him fondly and said,
Sherlock affirmed. Sherlock was surprised at John’s reaction. Most people would find it disturbing and psychotic but John just laughed.
“So should I call you a freak too? Since you’re an officer and you also like these kinds of stuff,” John said. The woman gave him a shocked look.
A few minutes later, both men were lying down on the bed with their arms wrapped around each other. John’s head was buried in Sherlock’s neck, memorizing the scent of the man. Something spicy and masculine and undeniable Sherlock that it made John’s head spin. John sighs in content. He felt Sherlock’s arm tightened around him as he cuddled closer to the man.
“Four people are dead. There isn't time to talk to the police,” Sherlock responded as he prepared to leave.
“A friend?” Sherlock asked skeptically. Remembering what the posh bastard said about Sherlock, he rephrased his answer, “An enemy.”
, Sherlock replied and started walking. John followed. They stopped in front of the door Sherlock found earlier. John saw the label and looked at Sherlock in surprised.
Sherlock thought grumpily. John smiled and raised his hand to softly play with the detective’s curly locks and started humming. He could feel Sherlock relax as his brilliant mind calm down. Sherlock hummed in content. John continued as they both fell asleep.
“Well, I doubt it, since she's been dead for fourteen years. Technically she was never alive. Rachel was Jennifer Wilson's stillborn daughter, fourteen years ago,” Lestrade informed Sherlock, seemingly confused as well. Sherlock looked puzzled. John could practically see deductions going around Sherlock’s head.
John thought with pride. Sherlock let out a small smile. He never seems to tire of John’s praises. Sherlock stood up without a word and John immediately followed. They both headed towards the bookshelf and John saw all the tapes that were there. Sherlock just watched John with interest. John then headed to the other side of the room and saw the picture of him bathe in golden light.
“I understand that, John. I, more than anyone, know how reckless and danger-prone my brother is,” Mycroft said. “As promised, I won’t breathe a word of this to anyone.”
Sherlock asked. John immediately walks up to the door labeled ‘Personality and Personal Data of Beloved’.  Sherlock could feel the man’s curiosity and smiled gently. Sherlock opened the door and they both went in. John gasped in wonder and bewilderment.
“You know, I've got a phone,” John said as he limped his way towards the posh stranger, “I mean, very clever and all that, but er... you could just phone me- on my phone. “  The two men stood facing each other and sizing each other up. John noticed that the man had similar features to Sherlock.
John thought. Sherlock just nodded and released the man. Although, he intertwined his left hand with John’s right so that their marks touch. They went out to the main room and entered the room labeled Memories. John looked at the room with awe.
“Is that so? I think other people do the same,” Sherlock said with a tilt to his head. John just shrugged.
“That's fantastic!” John exclaimed again. Sherlock looked at him and John tried to give an impassive look.
“We need to get vehicles, get a helicopter. We're gonna have to move fast. This phone battery won't last forever,” Sherlock said to Lestrade.
“Well, I'm dealing with a child. Sherlock, this is our case. I'm letting you in, but you do not go off on your own. Clear?” Lestrade stated firmly, looking at Sherlock in the eyes.
Sherlock replied.  Then, Sherlock focused on his surroundings once more. The car he was in was still moving to their destination and the atmosphere in the car is tense. Both men on either side of Sherlock were alert and tense.
And with that, he melted into the crowd, and Morag approached Sherlock and caught his arm in a vice-like grip. For once, he appreciated the iron grip: it stopped the thoughts of John.
Sherlock swallowed hard. ‘I-I-I…’ he thanked God that James hadn’t said anything yet; there was no way John would be this calm if he had.
Why had John told himself that it hadn’t been a plot by James Moriarty and possibly that poisonous advisor? Why hadn’t John been suspicious in any way?
‘Do you want to know how I did it?’ Sherlock asked, his face lit up by the biggest smile John had ever seen. John shook his head. ‘I don’t care, but you were
‘Well, My told me you were asking all your friends what you should do to ask John to the prom, and I thought I would share my ideas.’ Lestrade smiled eagerly. ‘Come on, it’s a great idea. My keeps saying that you’re too wimpy to ask him and by writing a note you have no songs-and-dances, nothing humiliating and if he says no you can pretend it’s not from you.’
They’d been in the form room right at the beginning of the year. Sherlock was sitting at the back with Irene, Jim and Mary and Mike had been chatting with the new boy who’s name Sherlock hadn't bothered to learn.
‘I was born on the nineteenth of July, 1998.’ John looked up, confused. ‘Yes, that makes me just eighteen years old, but I’m in my third year. I am the second son of ordinary people, I grew up in a cottage in Surrey, I have an older brother who’s an utter prick. Victor lived next door to me then…’ he frowned. ‘There was an incident. He nearly died, but not- not quite. I don’t remember very well. I was bullied at school, I had no friends (Victor was in the year above) but I was smart. Really smart. At secondary school, I became friends with another...’ He paused, choosing his words carefully. ‘Another
and Sherlock knew if he was going to die right then he would feel accomplished because he had never, ever been happier than he was right in this moment.
Rumours that hinted that no terror group had been responsible. Rumours that said that it had been a friend, a close friend, of one of the Princes. Rumours that whispered about Prince Sherlock leaking security numbers that allowed the deaths of about six hundred and eighty people.
The game was disappointing; Man U took an early lead and the game stilted into endless passing; John soon lost interest. He and Greg spoke instead as the twins toddled around, using the chairs to keep themselves up.
Kissing James felt like something that kissing John had never had; it felt dangerous, exciting, thrilling and addictive instead of safe, steady, careful and loving. Sherlock had always told himself he preferred John’s kisses, on the rare occasions when he lay awake at night and allowed himself to think of Jim, but now he was remembering James, all those nights, all those moments they had spent together, and he didn’t know anymore who’s kisses he preferred.
Sherlock made his way onto the dance floor, glancing at the dancing couples. Amy Pond and Rory Williams were slow-dancing in the corner and Eleven Smith, Twelve’s twin brother, was doing some sort of waving dance with his girlfriend River, who was cracking up in the corner. Sherlock moved through the crowd, looking left and right for John when-
‘Since when did ‘me’ rhyme with ‘faeces’?’ Mike said. Sherlock huffed and snatched the piece of paper of his friend. ‘It’s a half-rhyme, Michael, and I think it’s brilliant.’  Mike closed his eyes, sighed, and then opened his eyes and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. ‘Sherlock,’ he said slowly, ‘what I say now I say as your friend. Do not write John a poem. Seriously. Just don’t. It’ll end- I can’t even tell you how it will end, mate, but if someone gave me that,’ he gestured harshly at the piece of paper, ‘I’d probably file a restraining order. Just ask him, Sherlock, please.’
Horatio, August and Katiya’s (Lila’s two-year-old daughter) father, had arrived a couple of hours before and was now holding his wife’s hand, helping her through the contractions. John was on the other side, trying to be supportive even as his heart tried to burst out of his rib cage, and Sherlock-
At first, John thought it was because he felt guilty, and he opened his mouth to say Morag wouldn't say anything, that Sherlock had been provoked, that nobody blamed him-
Sherlock smiled one of those breathtaking smiles but didn't say anything, simply looking upwards at the sky, the moon lighting up his face, a Michelangelo’s David in a small lake in Southern France, staring at the stars.
Then they were kissing again, and this time Sherlock was doing it properly, using everything he’d learned from Victor and Jim and Irene and the others, all put together to
‘Is this a flat?’ John asked in wonder. They were in a sitting room; to their left was the kitchen, and leading past the kitchen were a door open to a bedroom. Another door opened just before the bedroom; John guessed it was the bathroom.
‘Ahem,’ John said, wracking his brains before deciding a stab in the dark was the best chance he had. ‘A circle…where people did philosophy?’
‘Go away,’ Sherlock laughed, and John giggled as well. ‘In fact, I think you’re the first person who’s ever told me it’s
‘We had them sorted,’ Nathaniel shrugs. ‘The younger one- the smaller one- is going to be William Sherlock Watson-Holmes. Will, for short.’
Harry smiled, tossing her short blonde hair backwards and stepping back to get a good look at her little brother. ‘Didn’t we always say that if one of us got to go onto the balcony, they’d bring the other?’
Footsteps clattered past the door; after another moment, John was released. ‘What the fuck?’ He shouted, squinting. They were in a very cramped, small room; it was barely bigger than a broom cupboard, and John was pressed against someone.
‘I wish I had a home,’ Sherlock muttered, still staring out of the window. John should be his home, but clearly John hated him. It didn’t work if it was only one way; they had to love each other equally.
Sherlock turned towards John, grabbed the lapels on the other boy's jacket, and kissed him full on the mouth.
The announcer stepped up to the microphone and cleared his throat. ‘This is a scheduled official announcement,’ he shouted. ‘It is mandatory viewing for the entire nation, as well as the nations of our allies The United States of America, France, Spain and China. May I present Miss Harriet Jennifer Watson, Prince Edward Mycroft, Doctor John Hamish Watson and his royal highness King Sherlock William Scott!’
She had once told him that he was worth no more to anyone than a sewage rat. She had said no one had liked him or would ever like him, because of his deductions, and he was an arrogant good-for-nothing who should abdicate when his father died, so Archie would become King. How she justified that Archie would be a better King than Sherlock was unknown to him; Archie hated the limelight even more than he did, and Sherlock was almost positive that as soon as he was old enough Archie would get as far away from the palace as he could.
Sherlock ignored him. ‘I’ll update you tomorrow, fatty!’ He shouted, sprinting to the third floor. As he spun around the corner, he heard Mycroft shout, ‘if you slept with my husband I will kill you s you sleep, Sherlock!’
Mycroft had jumped at the opportunity to fire Sebastian and then become Sherlock’s advisor instead; according to his elder brother, it was a miracle that Sherlock hadn’t doomed their country already. Mycroft insisted that his younger brother was disorganised, didn’t care and was stupid as well, and that he needed someone like Mycroft to prevent entire collapse. Sherlock had huffed but reluctantly accepted it. John and Greg agreed that the brothers secretly loved working with each other. They protested that the other was stupid (Mycroft) or annoying (Sherlock) but they made an oddly good team. They had sorted out the immigrant issues, helped the refugees and introduced the most successful economic policy in the history of their kingdom.
Although John had just decided to stay away from Sherlock, he reevaluated and came to the conclusion that it was a bad idea to instantly make enemies with the leader of his group. Therefore John shrugged and turned away. ’Whatever.’
‘You were in love with my father.’ Sherlock said. It wasn’t a question, it was a statement. Morag nodded, her eyes flashing. ‘But he didn’t want me. He chose one stupid little girl after another, having bastard after bastard until he married your mother, who had so many beautiful secrets. When she was dead I expected him…’ she took a deep breath. ‘I thought he might pick me. But he went onto another noble girl and another little son, and I had had enough. If I couldn’t have the King, I would have the kingdom.’
’ The waiter spelt it out slowly, head tilted to the side. ‘Alcoholic beverage. Often made in France. This one probably is, the groom is a
Sherlock had been angry with John for not being furious at Mycroft. Why, he had argued, was John not outraged that Mycroft couldn’t keep his big fat nose out of their business? Why, he had said, was John not more upset that Mycroft had walked in on them snogging?
‘Good,’ John whispered, lips grazing Sherlock’s ear, making the him shudder, and John smirked. ‘Open the door.’
‘I cannot disagree there,’ the boy laughed, smiling, but John was far too aware of every eye in the tiny building being fixed on them. ‘What are your names?’
‘Shut up,’ John growled, and then he kissed Sherlock, and Sherlock could honestly have sworn that they were back in that hall, at the beginning of everything, with James Blunt playing in the background and the darkness hiding them from the blinding light of life.
Irene stood up and grabbed her bag, heading for the door. ‘I promise you won’t fall in love with me, Sher.’ She ruffled his hair and left the room, yelling ‘see ya!’ before kicking the wall outside Sherlock’s room to annoy Mycroft.
‘No.’ Sherlock replied, anger eating at his heart, ‘you manipulated my father into making bad decisions and I’m sure you’ve done illegal things for your own gain. Most of all, Morag, you’re a bitch.’
Sherlock didn’t reply. Instead, he brought John closer to him, tucking his head under his chin, and John lay on top of him, on the floor of the St Barts laboratory, and listened to the only heart that belonged to him beat, steady and fast, in his left ear. ‘Or we could just stay here,’ he corrected, embraced in warmth, embraced in love. Could you love someone you’d only known for two minutes?
Mycroft straightened up, clearly deciding Irene wasn’t worthy of a reply; he pocketed his phone and fixed his pale eyes, the exact same shade as their father's had been, on his brother. ‘I just don’t understand why you don’t find this more important, brother dear. It's the most important day of your life, and you're treating it like it's a massive
‘Sherlock.’ The boy said simply, not offering a surname. John scoffed. ‘You said my name was ordinary? At least it has history. I wasn’t named after some newborn baby like you and half the kids our age were.’
He got up, threw his baggy grey shirt on over his pyjama bottoms, and padded into the living room, where a note from John lay on the table. Sherlock picked it up, scanned it (
They were in Chemistry and had been sitting in companionable silence for over forty minutes, mostly because Sherlock had a case and wanted desperately to finish it by the end of the hour long lesson. Jim had been doing god knows what to their test tube: they were meant to be making some sort of solution that Sherlock couldn't be bothered to read, but neither boy had cared enough to obey their teacher’s lesson plan and it wasn't like Mr Davids would come over and get angry with them. Sherlock was too brilliant to ever get in trouble in Chemistry and no one in the school dared cross James. He wasn't even eighteen and he already practically owned the school.
‘Oh, here we go again,’ John said sarcastically. ‘I’m the King,’ he imitated, ‘so I’m better than you, and you, and EVERYONE IN THE FUCKING UNIVERSE-‘
