Dean's hand falls to his lap, and he sits in the yard, staring at nothing until Donna pulls up. He holds up a hand to stop her from crossing the ward and casts the spell over her so she can pass, and he tells her where she can find Sam and Cosmos. He follows her into the house and goes into the guest bedroom, closing the door behind him to keep Fury away from the two working on Cosmos. He leans against the door and slides to the floor and buries his head in his hands.
"Dean?" A distracted hum lets Castiel know he has Dean's attention, so he continues. "Would you like to run with me tonight?"
“So, how was your day? Do anything exciting?” Dean asks as Cas hangs up his coat in the closet next to the door.
"Hi, Mom. No, it's fine. Going to school. Yes. Yes. OK. Are you going to visit?" Her shoulders slumped. "OK. Love you too, here's Dad." She stuck the phone back on his shoulder so he could talk to Lydia again.
"Sure can, little cub. So let's get that soup in you, some soup and Gatoraid for Dean, and see if we can't get him to drink some too."
She narrows her eyes at him, appraising. “Clarence!” she yells, “Coffee delivery is here!” She turns away and stomps back into the living room, throwing herself on the couch.
“Now, I believe you mentioned helping me before, and if that offer is still on the table, I would be more than happy to accept,” Castiel growls in Dean’s ear, and he delights in the full-body shiver that is Dean’s response. He skates his hands down Dean’s neck and over his shoulders before raking his nails down his back. He plays with the hem of Dean’s shirt and slips a pinky into the waistband of his jeans.
Dean nods and gathers his courage. He throws down two twenties for Ellen and claps Gabriel on the shoulder.
When he woke up, he groaned and felt a small body next to his shift. He curled around his daughter and buried his nose in her hair. "Hey punkin’," he murmured.
offering. “Yes. Both, please,” he says as he buries his nose in the mug, inhaling the steam gratefully.
"Boy, you are something else when you look at that girl of yours," Bobby said. "Never thought I'd get to see the day."
"You got it, little brother." The beeping of the phone disconnecting prompted Dean to scrub a hand over his face. He winced at the scruff that had collected over the last few days and decided that it was time to get his game face on. He dragged himself out of bed and into the bathroom, going through his morning - now afternoon - routine. Missouri bustled in as he was brushing his teeth.
A few hours later, just as he's finishing shoveling the last foot of dirt back in, Cosmos streaks over into his yard again. She brushes up against his leg before she runs over to her spot on the porch and Dean grins.
“Thank you, Dean. I appreciate it, and so does Gabe. Especially since I have no idea how long she’s planning to stay.”
After a glance at the menus, they give her their full order, a bacon cheeseburger for Dean, a cheeseburger for Cas, fries for both, and two beers. They sit and chat for hours, long after the food is gone, and end up being run out of the diner by the staff so they can clean and close up shop.
In the distance, they see the Leviathan crew drawing up close to the tornado. Cas tilts his head. "They've got position. They could do it."
But Meg steps out of the general store, waving Castiel down and pulling him to the side. Dean watches as they talk, Castiel’s face turning serious. But then, his heart drops into his stomach when Meg pulls Cas’ face down to hers and smashes them together in a kiss.
"You know what," Ash says, clapping his hands. "We need to get you outta this house, just for a little bit."
A wolfish grin spreads across Cas’ face, and he leans in, kissing Dean again. “Ask me again when we get to know each other a little better.”
"Alpha." And it's the title, not the subgender, that she's using. Dean feels the hair on his arm stand up when Cas' fur brushes against his back when he looks up at the redhead. "Alpha, you didn't cause any harm by doing what you did. On the contrary, we've been trying to get rid of her and her goons for as long as she's been here."
Cas bumped his shoulder. "I meant what I said, though. I am glad you are back. Lydia… never really cared for our friendship, otherwise, I would have tried to stay in contact. Being here you at least have some people in your corner and willing to go to bat for you."
Charlie crashes out of the underbrush and tumbles into Dean's side, where he's seated next to the fire. They yelp, and Dean topples over, flailing and trying to stay out of the coals.
"What do you think, bud? Eggs and bacon?" He looks over his shoulder to see Fury with his face buried in his bowl and chuckles. "Yeah, that sounds good to me, too. Eggs and bacon, it is."
Dean squints at her. "I can't believe I'm talking about my personal problems with a cat. Oh well, here goes." He sits up and tells her about Gabe barging into the bakery that morning, and some of the things they talked about. Gabe had flatly refused to tell Dean anything about their family history, citing that if Cas hadn't already told him, he sure the hell wasn't about to spill the beans. He sits up, rearranging the blanket and wrapping himself in it again. "I just, I dunno Cosmos. I feel like she doesn't trust me. I mean, obviously, she doesn't trust me since she hasn't ever really told me shit about her life before I met her. She never really talks about herself either." He looks at Cosmos. "What if I'm just a shitty friend and she only sticks around because she feels sorry for me? Gods, what if she doesn't like me at all and just puts up with me?" A tear trickles down his face, and he sniffles. "She's the best thing that's ever happened to me, and-"
Bobby rolls his eyes. “Charlie, you gotta lay off the noir films. Not everyone has the stuff to dangle over people.”
Later that night, after hauling in all of their things, eating dinner, and getting Emma off to bed, Dean sat down at the kitchen bar with a glass of water. Missouri bustled around, putting the dinner dishes away and humming quietly.
Ash narrows his eyes at her, obviously thinking it over. He nods slowly. "Yeah, OK. That would be helpful, thank you, Meg."
Cas grinned. "Good morning, Dean." He kissed his cheek before pulling away, disappearing into the bathroom.
"Well," Missouri hums. "It sounds like you two had a very interesting morning." She looked up at Dean. "What happened before all that?"
“At least the feathers are starting to come back,” Dean says, running his hands over the coverts, sending a shiver through the rest of the feathers. Castiel thinks they may be jealous.
Dean parks the car and waves to the guy on the training field, right before he gets pulled down by a flying fur missile. Dean laughs, then ducks into the passenger side, drags the box out, and heads inside.
Cas’ shoulders slump. “Thank you, Dean. And yes, salad sounds good.” He takes a seat as Dean gets everything out, dishing up the salad first and passing it and the dressing to Cas.
Dean clenched his jaw. "Considering this is the first I've heard of it? No, I didn't know. I would have put a stop to it."
Pain whites out his vision, and Castiel clenches his teeth, trying to hold back the scream tearing its way through his throat. He slumps over his leg, panting, when the pain fades to a dull roar in his body, his Grace already rushing to the area. He stays slumped over until the rest of the world starts to trickle back in, and he feels Dean petting his coverts again, murmuring soothing words.
“Love you too.” She hangs up as Cas wanders into the kitchen. “Hey sweetheart,” Dean says, dropping a kiss to Cas’ forehead when she gets close enough.
Others cluster around each other as they survey the damage. Dean mutters expletives under his breath, and Sam walks up to Lisa and Dean. Lisa looks over at Sam.
"Mornin' Alpha. Lookie who we found," she says, pointing to the head of the table where Naomi is sitting, shoveling food in her mouth just as fast as his pack members are.
“Yes, she’s good at that. She got in late last night and then kept me up until about three hours ago. Gabe’s been outside since she got here, too. He’s afraid of her.”
“I bet. I’m so glad he’s not a bed hog, by the way. I didn't realize that first night that he’s a bed-sleeper and was having flashbacks to when Sammy and I were kids.” The dog in question trots into the kitchen and shoves his head under Dean’s hand. “Gabe reminds me of how Zuzu would sleep on my cot with me.”
Yeah, Dean’s starting to remember why they split now—Cas stopped letting Dean capture his full attention. Work always came first. “Yeah. Yeah, sure, Cas. Whatever.”
Gabe waves him off. "Nah, man. I get the feeling from the conversations I've had today you had every right to bow up at me. I was coming off shifty as hell and you were just trying to protect Cassie."
"I uh. I think that was the same cow, actually," Dean replies. Then he realizes he's not really paying attention to the road and focuses. "They are drunker than skunks. We've got no path," He's starting to panic now; he’s got his soon-to-be ex-husband
Dean slowly turns around and looks at Castiel. "Dude. I just... dude." He pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs. "Alright, well. Are you OK with me just callin' her puss? Or do you want to pick out a name now? Cause I'm not gonna lie, callin' a cat 'puss' is probably not the best of ideas I've had, now that I think about it."
“We do. Normally it’s pretty good, but I think one of the towers is down. Don’t worry, Dean, we won’t trap you here.” Castiel winks and walks into the living room to pick up an honest-to-God landline.
“Dude, no. This is awesome, Cas,” Dean says as he steps down into the room with them. “You did a damn good job with this thing.” He walks around the brightly lit tree and takes in the ornaments and their placement. “Man, you did better than I could have ever hoped to.”
The girl chews on her bottom lip for a few seconds, and Castiel wonders if she can even understand him. "Zanna," she whispers.
"Ah," Castiel says as he marks his place in the book and sets it to the side. "I take it Meg is settling in, then?"
Daddy leaned down in front of Dean. “Son, you stay right here and keep Sammy safe, OK? That’s your job right now; keep Sammy safe.” He kissed Dean’s forehead and threw himself up the stairs, grabbing the handle of the door and Mommy, trying to hold them both down.
"Oh, you know. Contemplating the cosmos," Dean says before he realizes what he said and blushes to the tips of his ears.
Castiel hums and looks at Dean. “Yes, well. At least you didn’t have to shoot your brother full of muscle relaxers to make his dick go down enough to dislodge from his boyfriend.”
"People like to get rid of the old ones before they get a new one." She links her fingers together in front of her and rolls her shoulders before letting her head hang down. "Keeps them from having too many books."
Cas swallows as he takes in the immense size of the storm in front of them. He keys the mic. "Gabe, you ready for us?"
"Have faith, Castiel. It'll work out." His mother squeezes his hand once more, then picks up the map, going back to studying it.
Dean flips the visor down and fumbles at the keys that fall out. He can feel the smile stretch across his face at the sight of these keys. “How’d she treat ya while I was gone?”
Castiel sits back, wincing when his wing gets bound up on the bed. “Dean, I’m not even sure why you can see my wings, let alone how you are going to help.”
Dean’s just taking the cupcakes out of the ovens when Cas comes in. She grins when she sees the truly massive amount of cupcakes sitting around. Cas pecks him on the cheek before tossing her coat in the office, washing her hands, and putting a hairnet on her head.
Dean's voice breaks in followed swiftly by the wolf himself. Charlie shakes her head, making her ears flap against her skull.
Sam pushes him away. "Go. Call Cas and see if you can get ahold of her. Call Donna and ask her to bring me my kit."
Castiel chews on this information while Charlie and Zanna play in a grotto the youngster had found. An acorn pings off the side of his head, shaking him out of his thoughts. He looks over at Zanna, who giggles and darts into the brush. In return, he grumbles at her, an invitation to play. She bounds back out and leaps onto his back, shrieking in glee when he rolls over and tries to squish her under his body. After a few minutes of the impromptu wrestling match, Charlie joins in, switching sides at will until finally, all three are spent. The flop down together in a pile, gasping for breath.
He sticks his tongue out at her and dashes back to the water dispenser and fills the mug. When he walks into the office, Cas is slumped over his desk, head pillowed in her arms.
Cas fiddles with the hem of her dress shirt, avoiding Dean's gaze. "I uh, I don't keep her inside. I know how allergic you are to cats, and I didn't want you to be uncomfortable when you came over."
Ellen chuckles and shakes her head as she throws her arms around Dean and Charlie. "She's off to see her room and make sure everything is where she left it."
Cas just glares right back at him. "First of all, I'm not going anywhere. Second-" Cas pulls Dean around so that he's facing her and grabs a fistful of his shirt and yanks him down into a genuinely filthy kiss.
Cas huffs, throwing up his hands. "I'm just trying to make conversation here, Dean, and you're biting my head off." He crosses his arms and slumps in the seat, staring out the windshield. "Jesus," he mutters under his breath.
“Aww, Baby.” Her headlights are busted, the grill is cracked, and her bumper and hood are crumpled slightly from the tree that stopped their forward motion.
He lets himself lay in bed for a few more minutes before he gets up and dresses. He kisses Ellen on the cheek as he passes her en route to the coffee pot.
He drags his coat on, grateful he listened to Henriksen’s advice, and clambers out of the car. He stumbles to the front grill and leans over.
Dean nods. "Yeah, that sounds about right. I figure we'll put her right in the middle of the road and let the tornado pick it up."
The door flings open, startling Dean, and a tall, dark-haired man steps out. “Gabriel! There you are, you tricky thing. I swear, I should have named you Houdini. Come on; let's get you inside. It’s freezing out here.” The man turns to go inside, but Gabriel barks and darts off the front step, back towards Dean.
“This is Cas’ version, so don’t go adding anything to it,” she says as she gets back onto her stool. “Although, I bet a shot of peppermint schnapps would taste good with it if you
Cas grinned. "You kidding? That was half the fun." He ran his hand over the bar. "Taught myself. Gutted everything and started from the studs."
"Sam! Lydia's here!" Jess screeched and pointed at the woman in question standing on the porch, her hand wrapped around Emma's arm.
Dean hands over a ten and waves away the change. “Probably should get something for the fleabag, too,” he adds.
Gabe scrambles off the couch, bolting for his bowl. Dean follows him at a more sedate pace. By the time he makes it into the kitchen, the dog is munching away happily at his food, and Dean’s mouth is watering at the scent.
As Dean cradles the kitten, Sam continues. "He's not in good shape, I'm not going to lie. He's about four months old, but he's so malnourished that he weighs about the same as a two-month-old cat. His ear was missing already, so we cleaned that up last night."
Dean runs up to him, catching his arm and swinging him around to face him. "When's it going to be enough?
"No really. You. Are. An. Idiot. Get your ass back to your house and grovel because you really fucked up this time."
“Cas, you’ve got a break that’s not aligned. I can see the bump under your skin here.” He touches the radius, and Castiel sucks in a sharp breath at the pain that lances through his wing. “Sorry! I’m sorry, Cas, but we’ve gotta get that back in line so it’ll heal right.”
The screen door banged shut as Cas stepped in. He looked at the other people in the foyer and raised his eyebrows. "Is everything OK?"
Cheek to cheek they swayed together to the old Garth Brooks song, and Dean felt himself melt into Cas' embrace. He felt the weight of a crappy retail job, his shitty reality of being cheated on and soon to be divorced, his daughter being the focus of a town bully all float away with the twangs of the guitar. The notes of the piano floated through his head and he sighed into Cas' shoulder.
They made quick work of cooking up the hamburger patties for everyone once there was space cleared on the grill, and Dean grinned as everyone jostled for a good spot at the picnic table.
Dick steps to the side, letting a leaving patron pass, landing him next to Cas. “Dean’s crazy. Wacko, even.” He chuckles. “You should keep a leash on him.”
Dean sighed as he watched his daughter go inside. He looked over to Chris. "Could you give this to her? She forgot her lunch."
Dean rolled his shoulders and shook out his arms. "Alright, I'll get around to the side, get the door pulled up so he can back in. I'll check in with you when I get back, alright?"
Shrieking assaulted Dean's ears when he stepped in the back door, causing him to wince as he ducked into the kitchen. He dropped a kiss to Missouri's upturned cheek and put the cheese and meat in the fridge. "Smells good in here, Mama."
Castiel rumbles low in his throat, soothing Dean into a half doze. They lay there until the snap of a twig catches Cas' attention.
Dean snapped his mouth shut and nodded. "Ask Ash. He and I put that frame together and he never left my side. We even went an extra step and put the mattresses on the frame, which I know we don't have to do."
“Oh!” Dean hears things being shuffled around in the background. “In that case, I’m on my way home.”
much), several pots of plants, a frankly huge spool of copper speaker wire, and some PVC pipe he found in the basement. He's already laid down the lines via bright pink spray paint (Sam had snickered about it as he helped, but when it rained the next day and the paint was still visible through the mud, he stopped laughing), so all that was left was for him to dig out the trench and plant the herbs at the anchor points.
She hummed before disconnecting the call and Dean shook his head. His Mama, always keeping him on his toes. His phone buzzed with a message.
Cas tilts his head back and forth. “Something like that.” He adds a packet of sugar to his coffee. “My Aunt Missouri used to call him a human barometer.”
“That’s alright.” Castiel studies the hunter, head tilted to the side. “Dean, if you don’t like men, then why would you offer to ‘help’ me?”
Cas nods. “Honestly, it’s one of the biggest reasons I don’t want to go.” Gabe sets his chin down on Cas’ knee, and he scratches the dog’s ears. “He’s my family, just as much as my mother and Anna are.”
At first, Castiel manages to keep himself under control just fine. But then Dean starts doing something with the muscles attaching his wings to his back, and he can’t hold back a groan.
Charlie chews her lip. "I'm working on it," she says before she runs to the station wagon and starts poring over the map.
Dean's happy as a pig in shit here though. It's a small town, but the people here care about each other in ways that he's not found anywhere else. And with the addition of finding his best friend in the whole world in Castiel when they moved here, well.
Missouri pointed her fork at him. "You got that right." She turns her fork to Dean and Emma in turn. "Two mopes. That's a mope, and that's a mope."
They jump back into the Dodge, and Dean peels out, speeding down the highway towards the biggest damn tornado either of them has ever seen. "'Nother half mile?" Cas asks Dean.
need to find someone else to fit into that hole." She grabbed her stuffed bunny and held it to her chest, suddenly shy. "Do you think he likes me too?"
Cas leans forward, looking out the driver's side. He eyes the twister, then the irrigation ditch next to them. "Go in there!"
So, Castiel does the only thing he can think of: he scoops Dean up in a bridal carry, surprising a squeak out of the omega.
Farewells between Castiel and his former packmates are quick; then, he crushes his eldest brother to his chest.
“Do you at least know where you are heading to, after?” Henriksen asks as they start walking to his door.
“Uh-huh. Like you’d be anywhere else on a day like this.” That sounds a bit harsh, so Dean tries another tactic. “How you doing?”
As one, they leap out of the truck. Dean lands feet first, grunting and tucking his body so he can roll and dispel some of his forward motion. He looks up and sees Cas getting to his feet and running over to him, hand out to help Dean up. They stand, clutching each other, and watch the Dodge as she plows through the cornfield. They chant under their breath, urging the truck on—encouraging the twister to pick it up-
"All we know of for sure is the four who took over," Bobby says. "Abbadon is the pack leader, obviously, but she's also got Gordon, her Beta, Christian, and Ruby.
"Oh, no. No way in hell I'm paying that much for something to strap my stuff to. That's way too much!"
that impacts the pack, good or bad, the Alpha seeks him out for advice before considering making a decision. And usually, those decisions are made as a pack instead of Cas doing it alone.
“Can I still have that dinner? I know I’m late, but I always think better when I’ve had something to eat, and I haven't eaten since lunch and-”
"Thank you for telling me, Cas." He draws her into a hug and breathes in her vanilla and sandalwood shampoo. "Gods, I missed you. Don't let me be an idiot like this ever again, OK?"
And so begins the Great Cat Chase, as Dean mentally dubs it. Once word got out of Cas’ new requirement for dating her, creeps started showing up at her place looking for said cat. Being next-door neighbors with Castiel, Dean has a literal front-row seat to the shit people do searching for and trying to catch her cat.
"Ugh." He pushes himself into a sitting position on the bed and reaches for the bottle of water. He fumbles at the cap but eventually manages to get it open, swigging half the bottle in one go. "God damn it," he gasps after taking another drink. This heat is going to be
"Would you like me to get Charlie?" Dean shakes his head no. "My father is here, too. He's also an omega."
Workout clothes. Yes, we have a uniform for working out in the military, lol. Most of us will wear our PTs as lounge clothes, especially once we’ve been discharged. And it’s
"Mom called me while she was waiting for her plane. Flew into Nashville and booked it here. I got here about the same time as she did."
Castiel stands up and dusts himself off. "Well, Zanna here came out of the forest, and then Dean was defending her against me, then this Gordon fellow attacked Dean."
Dean rubs his sternum as he sits down at his desk, going over the paperwork Ash had left him to transfer the pack accounts from his parents to him. Castiel had insisted that the pack retain ownership of everything, not wanting anything to happen to them if they ever decided that he was no longer a good fit for the pack. Truth be told, Dean's glad Castiel allowed the pack to retain their independence. Maybe shit like what happened before can be avoided.
Ash wanders out of his office just as they are putting away the last of the dishes. "So, good news from the money front. Two years of not touching anything has left us in pretty good shape, even without money coming in. We won't go broke getting ourselves back up and running."
Dean hobbles over to the living room, then decides he kind of wants a fire. So he drags a few logs over and gets everything settled, lighting some newspaper in the fireplace and getting it going. Once it’s started, he plops himself on the couch with a sigh. He’s just starting to consider going and looking for Cas when the man walks in with a tray, Gabe trotting beside him with a bag of ice in his mouth.
"Alright, good. I doubt you'll have a hard time, we're only six weeks into the school year and I'm sure Boston will either be ahead or at the same place they are here." Dean took a bite of his sandwich and groaned. "Oh my gawd," he mumbled around his mouthful, "Jack, is Mama growing her own tomatoes again this year?"
Emma looked back out the window in time for them to start driving down Main. "I'm pretty sure our whole school in Boston would fit here."
They look at each other, worried. Sun's just gone down, and now the warning for tornadoes had dropped down to nill.
The heat kicks in later that day, and Dean's wolf is crawling under his skin. It wants it's mate close and doesn't understand the human reasoning that he
“Huh? Oh, must have bashed my head on the steering wheel. I’ll be fine.” That explains why his ears are still ringing. Might also explain the fuzziness he seems to be having now that he thinks about it.
Dean shrugs a shoulder and shoots him a grin from behind his mug. “It’s nothin’ much, really.” He raises his mug in a toast. “Merry Christmas, you two.”
Benny Lafitte sticks his head into the spot between the two bucket seats of the ambulance. “There’s a call to your address. Isn’t Sam home tonight?”
That starts a series of story swapping that keeps Dean’s mind from wandering as he fiddles with the Impala. When the sun finally sinks below the horizon, Bobby kicks him out.
“Cas!” Meg speeds over to them, crashing into Cas and drawing more than one dirty look. She grips his forearms and grins up at him. “Thanks, babe.”
"Yeah, now you are starting to get it," Charlie hums in satisfaction. "Now, what are you going to do about it?"
Garth hummed. "It's not your fault, truly, Dean. I honestly think that given a little more time things would settle down when everyone realizes you are here to stay and not stir up trouble. Everything coming out about Lydia doesn't hurt, either."
Dean shrugs. "Does it matter?" Hell, he wasn't even sure at this point what his supposed infraction was. The Alpha had stopped giving him real reasons a long time ago.
coming through, that Dean can't help but grin. “Hey. Just a black coffee and a muffin. Surprise me on the muffin.”
Dean twists around in time to see Castiel smile and nod. “I am, for today. Plus, my reindeer is getting antsy to go outside, I think.” And sure enough, Gabe is prancing and dancing at Cas’ feet.
Charlie took her glasses off and tapped her lips with them a few times. "Honestly, I'm a little surprised at how cut and dry she's trying to make this. Relationships that have lasted as long as yours has are rarely easy to deal with and it seems like she just wants to get rid of you two as soon as possible."
Monday morning came entirely too quickly for Dean. He slapped around his bedside table to cut the sounds of “Sweet Child o' Mine” off and dragged himself out from under the blankets before stumbling into some clothing (sniff test says he can wear this shirt long enough to get Emma enrolled into school). He blearily made his way down to the kitchen to start breakfast for the two school-goers (pancakes) and a pot of coffee for him. As he was flipping the last pancake he heard two sets of feet tromping down the stairs and looked up in time to see Emma and Jack jump off the last step and scramble over to the table to set dishes out for the three of them.
!" Castiel snarls. He surges to his feet, and the room is tinted in red as he continues. "I should have-"
He’s got Baby, his ‘67 Impala, packed to the gills with his important shit and one last box of gear he has to return. The kennels are on the other side of the base from the gate he’ll leave through, but he needs to say goodbye to the dogs. And return Zuzu’s gear.
So, he'd hired Jess, Kevin, and a goofy guy named Garth to work alongside himself, Mary, and Krissy, his only help at the time. Alicia and Max, the twins, came shortly after. Max doesn't work for him anymore, deciding instead to work with Cas, and Mary finally retired, but all in all, he's got a good little crew going for the bakery. They watch each other’s backs and bully their coworkers into taking a day off if needed and lean on each other for support. He may not have a significant other in his life, be he
Saturday after Dean got off of work, Cas dropped by and bullied Dean into leaving the house for 'fun'. Cas pushed Dean along the front walk, waving to Missouri as they went. Dean grumbled as he climbed into the truck, but let up as Cas pulled away.
Charlie looks over and grins. "Well, get in here, you two. If it weren't for you, that bitch would still be here." She waves them over, and Meg bounds over, sticking her head under Charlie's arm and licking her cheek. Cas is slower, head lowered in submission.
They say their farewells, then Cas leans over, laying his head on Dean’s shoulder. “You up for some ice skating tonight? The ice is so pretty lit up the way it is right now.”
“Well, you couldn’t have picked a better place to spend Christmas than River’s Crossing. We tend to go all out for the holiday.” Charlie snorts, and Bobby points at her, scowling. He then cocks his head to the side and looks back at Dean. “Didn’t you stay with Castiel last night?”
Dean waves his hand to the cage, and Sam nods. He opens the cage as quietly as he can and lifts the tiny kitten to his chest.
"Oh dear God, don't ever let me get like that," Ruby snickered as they passed her little group on the way to the door. Dean jerked his head up and glared at her, but Jo patted his cheek.
At the house, Dean tugs Cas back from the bottom step to face him. He crowds up to Cas and bumps their noses together. “Hi.”
Cas turns off the TV and throws the remote down on the couch. "He's so in love with himself; it's not even funny."
Dean winced at the reminder of the hours of work he'd left behind but nodded to Bobby. "Yeah. Lyds didn't want me to get a job, not with her working full time and Emma needing someone at home, but sitting at home and doing nothing was driving me crazy." He shrugged. "You know me. I've always liked doing things with my hands and woodworking was something I could drop pretty much at will. When Emma was younger, I stuck with hand carving, but as she got older she liked to hang out in the shop with me."
He grinned at Sam and Jess as he sat the plate down on the table next to the grill. For a few minutes, he was fully absorbed in making sure the patties didn't fall apart as he transferred them to the grill until arms wrapped around his waist.
"Alright. No drinking yourself under the table, but I'll let it slide this once," Ellen says as she gives Dean another beer and a shot of whiskey. He drains his first beer while he waits for his food to come out and keeps his drinking to a minimum while he eats. As he finishes his burger, the bells at the door jingle and he turns around to see Gabriel walking in, a stormy expression on his face.
She leans back and peers up at him, a pout on her face. "'M hungry, and all she'll give me is soup and Gatorade."
They worked the rest of the afternoon tilling the areas that needed it, trading off on the machine and digging up rocks. Dean convinced Cas to put the rocks bigger than a clenched fist to the side to build a spiral herb garden as a surprise to Missouri, and Dean was pretty sure he hadn’t enjoyed an afternoon like that in a long time.
Lisa leans towards Dean, nudging him with her shoulder. “Are you sure you don’t want to go along with them? One last hurrah?”
“You got it, man. Now get outta here so I can start out-processing.” A last slap on the back, and Garth steps away, leaving Dean to haul his crap to his room and figure out what needs to go back to supply.
“Yeah, I’m gonna try to get a room at the inn even though Bobby said it was full; that way, I’m not invading your guest house.”
Dear gods, he needs to get out. He's now holding conversations with two cats, one of which doesn't even have a name. He backs out of the room once the kitten is settled into his new bed and falls asleep. When he turns around, he sees Mary striding into the kitchen, arms full of grocery bags.
Castiel raises an eyebrow at Dean and casts a glance back to his wings. They are ragged and unkempt, and he cannot see what Dean sees so he shrugs and lets it go.
Missouri taps his nose. "I don't know, sweetheart. Dean always went his own way, but it was usually the same direction you were going."
Her tail is lashing behind her, and she has a backpack clamped in her jaws. Castiel raises an eyebrow at her but says nothing as he trots past her. She waits for a beat, then scrambles after him.
Dean laughs and scooches over so that Cas can snuggle into his side. He pulls down one of her quilts and throws it across them. He rests his cheek on her head.
They wait until the growls fade before Dean lays back down and wiggles back into his spot. Cosmos is panting when he can see her again, and Dean can smell blood in the air now.
“The shelter told me that he was an owner surrender. It was so sad, he was just sitting on his little bed in his run, staring at the wall. Dean—oh, that smells nice—he looked like he’d given up, and I couldn’t leave him there without at least trying to make friends. Right there; oh, yes. I opened the run door, and he looked up and wagged his tail. The girl who worked there—Becky, I think?—told me that was the first time since he’d been dropped off that he’d even looked at someone, let alone wagged his tail. I took him home with me that afternoon.”
Jess blows a kiss to him in response as she laughs at whatever story Sam is telling her from the morning's clients. Dean shakes his head at her in exasperation as he gathers up his things and hauls out of the bakery before she makes good on her threat.
Sam shrugs. "Exactly what we are doing. Cats are hard to deal with when they are hurting." He leans over and looks at Cosmos, who responds with a hiss and a low growl. When he straightens back up, he says, "I can tell you I'm not going in after her."
The truck is lifted into the sky, and the top of the last TOTO unit comes off. The sensors twinkle like stardust as they fly into the debris field, then disappear. Dean and Cas jump up and down, cheering at each other, hugging, and laughing. Dean grabs Cas' face and leans down, kissing him.
"Oh good choice," Cas says as she flops down next to him. She reaches for the pizza and settles back with a hum before taking a bite. "Alright Winchester, spill. What did you do to Marv?"
Ash clicks his tongue. "Nope. Char and I ain't going with you guys, so all we'd be doing is getting in the way. Your mom's holed up with Bobby and Benny, Gabriel is agitating Jo, and Ellen's cooking. There ain't nothin' to do right now anyway, since your old pack isn't here yet. Garth's even taking a nap." Ash nudges Castiel's hip with the toe of his boot. "So come on. Up you get. We're going outside."
"Cas, man. You're going around Smithville just doing yard work and you can do this?" Dean looked around. "Man, you could be making a killing."
"Alright puss, it's time for me to head inside for the night. Looks like the coast is clear, so you should be safe enough to head on home to Cas." The cat turns its head to look at him, and for the first time, Dean notices that the cat’s eyes are blue, just like it’s owner's. It chirps at him and stands up on the railing. She stretches, digging wicked-looking claws into the wood, before she hops down and into the bush and streaking over into Cas' yard, fading into the night. Dean grins and shakes his head as he heads inside. He flips the porch light on in case Cas wanders over as he shuts the door and makes a beeline into the kitchen.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Yeah yeah, whatever. Come on, we need to figure out what we are calling in for dinner, cause I'm way too tired to cook tonight and I'm starving, even with the sandwich I ate earlier."
A kiss to his cheek and a squeeze of the arms around his waist drew a grunt from Dean. He extracted himself from Cas' embrace and sighed. "You ready to help me get Mama home?"
A blond woman shrieked and jumped up, running over to hug him. "Dean Winchester! How good to see you!" She ran her hands down his chest, smoothing the flannel he wore out and poked his nose. "Becky Rosen," she said before whirling around and running back to her desk.
They hang there, suspended, for what feels like an eternity before the twister moves on. With the absence of the wind, they fall, grunting as they hit the ground. They fight free of the leather strap and sit up, looking around. A few horses are galloping in the cornfield to the right of them. To the left, a cellar door pops up, and the head of a young man emerges, followed by a woman and a young child.
Dean does his business and opens the door as he’s brushing his teeth to see Cas standing there, hand raised to knock.
!" Charlie crows as she jumps up and starts running for the main house. "I got it for yooooou and no give-backsies!" She screams a laugh when Meg jumps up and gives chase, ducking into the house and cackling as she leads the black-haired beta on a chase through the kitchen and the rest of the ground floor.
"Jesus, he's not going to listen to us," Dean says as he watches the lead vehicle speed up. He keys the mic again. "Dick, listen to me. This isn't-"
Saturday afternoon turned into a grill-a-thon with Missouri handing him more and more things to toss on the grill until Dean finally pulled his phone out and shot Cas a text to come and help them eat the ridiculous amount of food. He'd agreed, showing up about ten minutes after Dean sent the text and thankfully, Missouri stopped giving him food, a smirk on her face.
She twitches the skin along her spine, trying to shrug off the reminder of her mother's cold, flat voice. They'd shown her to the car, drove her to the bus station and left her standing at the terminal with just a small suitcase of clothing. Cas picked the first bus leaving, going to Seattle, Washington, and never looked back. She spent a few years in Seattle, learning about her magic from the Shifter community there, and eventually started dating someone whom she'd
Dean waved him off as they made their way downstairs again. "She's a dream most of the time, to be honest. Much easier than taking care of your angsty ass." Dean ducked the swat Sam aimed at his head, chuckling. "Kidding. For real though, she's a great kid. Doesn't deserve what Lydia is putting her through."
On the side of the road, Gabe pulls out a video camera and sets it up on its tripod, pointing it to the tornado.
Cas looks alarmed and turns away from Dean. “Jesus Christ, Dean, you left her with Gabe? What were you thinking?” He leaves the papers on the hood and starts jogging to where Gabe’s bus is parked.
Castiel nods before he remembers that Dean's eyes are covered, too. "Yes," he croaks. "It's over for her."
Dean hangs his head and sighs, raking his hands through his hair. "Get in here, you two," he says and turns back to the room.
, but- He looks up as he sees the metallic flash in the rear-view mirror, and terror rips into his gut.
He collapses onto the couch and stares at the TV until Fury lands in his lap. He startles and gathers the kitten up to his chest and takes a shuddering breath. He buries his face in the soft black fur and stifles a sob.
" she says, and in shock, Castiel does. "I know your boy is out there, and don't give me none of that sass, boy-" Castiel snaps his mouth shut, "but you've got to keep your head on your shoulders if we're gonna find them. Now, go call your momma and tell her your True Mate's been taken by an abusive alpha and get her to send help. Go on!"
“You can, uh…” Dean blushes as he trails off, leaving the rest of his thought unsaid. He clears his throat and changes the subject. “Anyway, if you want to use the tinsel to decorate, go for it. I don’t usually use the stuff ‘cause it likes to stick to me.”
Dean laid his head down on Missouri's shoulder as Emma climbed up to get the plates down from the cabinet. "Thanks, Mama."
the one who used to say that, used to think that about the twister that took his home and his parents away from him when Sam was just a baby. But Cas—Cas had the same thing happen to him. He'd been the baby of the family, just ten years old when an F4 took out their house and killed his brothers and parents. He'd only survived because he'd been spending the night with Aunt Missouri.
Jack crawled into Cas' lap and buried his face in his shirt. "Yeah," came the muffled answer. "We're OK. Glad the scary lady is gone, though."
"Yeah, it's not like the bloating, cramps, and smelling like a buffet to every un-mated alpha isn't bad enough. And I don't even
There is snow falling again when he opens the door, and he’s glad for the beanie and scarf he grabbed that morning. As he walks, he plans out the rest of his day. After he greets Cas with coffee, he should check in with Sam again, and he'd like to get over to Bobby’s to see if there’s any work he can do on the Impala’s bumper. Maybe he could do an oil change while he’s there? He’s so distracted that he overlooks the little Kia in Cas’ drive. He only notices something is off when he goes to knock on Cas’ door and sees Gabe is already outside.
Dean twirls a fettuccine noodle around his fork and pops it into his mouth. He groans in appreciation when the flavors burst on his tongue, closing his eyes to savor it for a moment before answering. When he opens them, he’s met with Castiel’s amused look and clears his throat. “Honestly, right now, any home-cooked food is amazing. Years of serving in the Marines, plus being in Afghanistan for the last one?” He takes another bite, this one loaded with broccoli and chicken, and moans. “This is nirvana, man.”
Everyone is thrilled with the change of leadership, so Castiel already had a leg up on Abbadon, but as the days march by, he proves himself over and over again.
Tuesday he went with Ash for delivery and set up. He and the moving company owner are shown where to take the bed frame, and they take about thirty minutes to put it together and get the mattresses set up. They shook hands with the homeowner and Ash dropped him off back at the store, the rest of Tuesday crawling by.
"O-kay, sure." He rips a piece of bread and meat off and leans over to hand it to her. She won't get close enough to take it from him, though, so he ends up tossing it over to her. She scarfs it down in the blink of an eye and looks up at him again.
As Dean looks through the decree, Cas moves his wedding band from his right hand to his left in a subtle reminder to Dean, and himself, that they
A phone trills, breaking the tension. The ringtone is a peppy little tune, and Lisa grabs her bag and digs for the phone. She accepts the call. “Lisa here. Uh-huh?” She waves at Cas and mouths a
A chirrup and the sound of paws hitting the wood of the deck catch his attention, and he closes the book, setting it to the side. "Hey there Cosmos, how's my girl today?"
Meg's fingers sink into the fur on the back of his neck. "Cas, you need to keep it together for just a little bit longer."
“Pish. I know you’re already more than just considering it, Winchester.” She looks at him, considering her words. “Something still has you on the fence, though.”
Dean snaps his gaze forward, and he swears, correcting the Jeep and getting back on the road, narrowly avoiding a fence post.
Naomi hums and pats his hand. "Just starting the dance, and your amor has been ripped away from you." She squeezes his hand, and he turns it over, grasping her fingers.
"Well," Crowley drawled, looking Dean up and down. "You look like a strapping lad. I figure I'll have you on the sales floor for the most part. Send you out for when someone needs help putting stuff together, stuff like that."
"Can't a mother come and visit her daughter?" Lydia asked as she looked around the house. "Mm, looks like you aren't the only thing that hasn't changed."
That’s a lot of cupcakes to get baked and frosted in just over twenty-four hours. Dean stands up, letting his chair roll back, and slaps Kevin on the shoulder.
Then it’s silent, and Dean blinks up at the sky, trying to figure out how he got in this position. Uurzua is licking his face and, ew, but he’s glad his buddy is OK. But then he thinks,
Bobby presses a business card in his hand. “Here. Call me, let me know. I’ll call you when your Baby is ready, alright?”
Castiel pushes up on his elbow and looks over his shoulder at the hunter. “No, Dean, neither of those things. It’s just- I had no idea that someone touching my wings would feel this… good.”
It’s a fight to stuff Dean and Zuzu into the already cramped space, but they make do. Dean ends up with a lap full of dog as they get turned around and head back to the base.
"No? Well, what you have to go through with your mama, the suffering, that's what l had to suffer with from Walter. One day, we were playing out back, down by the river and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw. And then Walter, he immediately kicked it and stomped on it and just scattered it to the four winds. I just started howling. I was just-" she laughed. "I yelled for my mama. I ran up and I grabbed her and dragged her down there, just crying and carrying on. Anyway, my mama was trying to calm me down, so she said: 'Wait, wait. They're not finished. Not by a long shot.' And we waited and waited and sure enough, those little black specks just started scurrying every which way just working hard to build their home back. And l said, 'Why did they do it? I'd just give up. I mean, it's hopeless.' And my mama said, 'Yeah, you know if there's just one of you. But there's lots of ants down there. And they're all relatives. They're family, just like we are.' Well, that's what families are for. That's why they invented families. So hopeless didn't get the last word. So listen, if ants can do it, I figure we can do it. You know, my Dean has a lot more strength than he's ever known. And one of these days, he's going to realize it."
Dean lifted his head from his hands and looked at the young woman dressed in green scrubs. "Yeah, that's me."
Castiel stumbles through the forest, trying to make his way to the rift Michael had opened into this God-forsaken place. His entire being hurt from his “conversation” with Eve.
“I’m fine,” Dean responds as they step back from the hug. He clears his throat and motions for Lisa to come over. “Gabe, I’d like you to meet Lisa. Lisa, this is Gabriel. He’s been chasing with us since, well.” He huffs a laugh, and Gabe beams at him. “Hell, he’s been with us since we started this whole thing.” He watches as they shake hands and then looks around. “Gabe, where’s Cas?”
Jo stows her weapon and picks Zanna up. "Jesus Cas, she's nothing but skin and bones," she says as she shifts the cub in her arms.
Dean opened his eyes, startled awake by the sound of the wind and thunder. He clutched his teddy bear, Zep, to his chest as he watched the lightning light up the yellow curtains framing his window. Buddy, their three-year-old terrier mix, raised his head from his paws and looked at the window, too, studying the way the curtains were whipping around. Dean’s glad Buddy decided to sleep in his room tonight.
“I just don't get what Uncle Castiel ever saw in that harpy,” she says one morning, as Dean is eating breakfast at the cafe. “She’s a self-centered demon.” She huffs and plops down across from Dean.
Castiel rolls his eyes. "Yes, alright, fine," he says as Charlie starts jumping up and down in glee. "Let me just tell Ellen so that no one else worries if they go looking for us," he finishes as Charlie hustles Zanna out the door to their rooms.
Emma bit her lip. "But, I'm not like him. We're different. It's like we're not even relatives sometimes."
“So the suck zone, right?” Gabe’s saying as Cas and Dean come up to the two of them. “That’s basically the point where the twisters just-” he makes a sucking sound, “-sucks you right up.” He leans back in his chair. “It’s not the most technical of explanations, obviously, but-”
It didn't take long for Cas to groan into his shoulder blade and come, limbs and grip going lax. Dean took the opportunity to spin around to face him, pushing him onto his back so he could straddle his legs. He shoved his boxers down far enough so he could strip himself quickly until he came on Cas' boxers, right over the wet spot. He slumped down, panting.
Dean fidgeted with his hair, trying to make sure that it was in place. It's been a long time since he wanted to look good for someone, and he's not sure he remembers how this whole dating thing works.
"Well," Dean says as he slaps his thighs and rises from the couch. "Better get in there then, before the horde figures out it's done."
Jody hums in agreement. “Let me drive you boys back to the house. Got my truck right around the building.”
The two men are silent as Dean cuts away the ruined mess of Marv's pant leg and Dean sets to work cleaning the older man's calf. Dean gets Marv's leg bandaged up and applies the Plantain to the top of the bandage before he wraps it with another layer of gauze.
“Hey man,” Dean says. “Got a flat after getting forced off the road. Can you take a look at it for me?”
The screen door opened with a creak and a petite red-head emerged with a tray of lemonade and three glasses with ice. "Oh, three glasses makes sense now," she said as she sat the tray down. "Charlie Bradbury," she said with a grin, sticking her hand out to Dean.
Cas sighs and looks down at the ground. “This is very awkward, Dean. I thought you’d be coming out here alone.”
When Dean gets home, he half expects to see those traps set up or for Cosmos to be waiting for him, but neither end up being the case. He blows out a breath and rakes his hands through his hair. Might as well get started on the border marking anyway, just in case.
A scraping noise above them catches their attention, and they look up in time to see Missouri's TV sliding across the floor above them, heading right at them. They shout and cover Missouri's body with their own, but the TV stops short of the edge, caught by the plug.
Dean strides up to Cas, who has his keys in his teeth. "Thank you, I'll drive." Cas rolls his eyes and dashes around to the truck's passenger side, jumping in as Dean starts it up. Music starts up from the bus as Dean drives by, and he sees Gabe drinking something from the straws attached to the roof of the cab where he keeps a gallon of tooth-rotting sweet tea.
"Understandable." He shifts his weight, and she turns back to the sink. "My um. My mother is on her way with the Novak pack."
"Hey, Jody. I've got someone here that's decided that it's OK to set out traps right behind Cas' house."
The sounds die down outside as she shivers under the blankets, panting. The door clicks shut, and she squeezes her eyes closed.
Dean throws his head back and laughs, his scent growing stronger with his mirth. "I know, Alpha, I'm just giving you a hard time. Yes, I'd like to go on a run with you. What didja have in mind?"
"Yup! And then Jack 'n me started talking about the school. He's gonna show me around when I start there. When will I start school?"
Dean snorted a laugh. "So not sorry." He swung a leg over so he wasn't pinning Cas down anymore and kissed his forehead. "Go shower again, and I'll go start the coffee and breakfast."
“Oh. Well, never mind then. I just saw your feathers are all scrunched up and aren’t laying correctly and just thought, I dunno, that’s gotta be bothering the hell out of you. So I just thought I’d offer-”
Cas growls and slaps a twenty-dollar bill down on the counter. “We’re together,” he says to the server, then stalks out of the diner.
"Only a little, and not for what you are thinking," Dean said into her hair. "Baby, why didn't you tell me what was going on?"
And Dean really should have known that Cas would be itching to host. She loves Christmas-time and tends to go all-out with decorations. Their house had been voted Best Decorated in the town last year, and Cas is determined to win it again. Dean has to give it to her, though—she knows how to decorate the house and yard without it being overbearing or looking stupid, so he’ll gladly help to make her happy.
Dean looks over at the two elders that remain of the pack, Bobby and Ellen. While not a mated pair, they were good friends of the Alpha pair before…
"What's your name, little one?" he asks as he squats, hoping that by being closer to her height, she won't run.
Cas nods as she finishes her slice and reaches for another. "Oh, that’s good.” She takes a bite and nods her head to the TV. “Go ahead and start the movie if you are ready."
Charlie hums as she looks around on her map. “Not for a while. Stay on 30 until we pass Rodger’s Creek.”
I can do is three weeks, ‘cause right now he’s on vacation for a week, and then after that, there’s no telling how long it would take to get it shipped on account of the weather.”
Dean groans, not that he can hear it, as he sits up, pushing Zuzu away from his face. He looks around, taking in the fireball that used to be the last Humvee in the convoy. He blinks and sees Benny being covered by someone as they make their way back to the lead vehicle. When he blinks again, Tran is in front of him. He can see the kid’s mouth moving, but all he can hear now is a ringing in his ears, so he shakes his head.
Cas left shortly after the phone call ended, promising to stop by again as soon as he could so they could continue working on the yard. Dean showered and wandered down to the kitchen dressed in a clean pair of jeans and a t-shirt. He kissed Missouri on the cheek as he passed her and grabbed a beer from the refrigerator.
sounded and Sam looked over his shoulder and huffed a laugh. "Well, she won't be able to fight you by the time you get here, at least."
As they wrestle, Jo sets Zanna into Castiel's lap. "Stay here," she says before drawing her pistol and creeping around the fighting wolves for a better shot.
“None of that shit here, boy,” Bobby says, giving Dean’s hand a hearty shake. “I was enlisted in the Marines, and I still work for a living. Nice to meet this lady’s owner; good lookin’ man for a good lookin’ car. Well, minus the bumps and bruises she has.”
"Course I did," Bobby scoffs. "Everyone did. She's been flappin’ her gab at anyone who will listen to her. Not that there's many of those left." He took his hat off and scratched his head. "Well, offer still stands to let you sell your work here, ya know."
Dean nods. "Four is good. Four'll relocate your house, that's for sure. You'd have to put in for an address change, at least."
Any further conversation is cut off by the sounds of tires on the gravel. Ellen throws the towel on the counter and rushes out the door, sweeping Zanna up in her arms as soon as she's out of the car. The converse in murmurs for a few seconds before Zanna hops down and zooms into the house.
" She takes a drink of her rum and coke, wrinkles her nose at the taste, and takes another big gulp. "Dude had to get so many stitches I stopped counting after a while."
Castiel looks at the tree-topper in his hands and sighs. He hands it over to Dean, who is perched on a step ladder and is making a “give it here” motion to him. “I still don’t understand why we are decorating the bunker for this holiday. You don’t even follow any of the religions that celebrate it.”
Dean's trying to take cool his mouth down when Cas comes out of the kitchen and hands him his beer. "I'm going to run upstairs and change and when I get back, you are going to tell me why Marv avoids my shop like the Plague. Claire is eaten up with curiosity."
Castiel shrugs and wiggles down into the mattress. “This is fine, Dean. It wasn’t a pressing issue, and we had other things on our minds.”
Dean gestures at Gabe to follow him and leads him back into the kitchen. "Hey Kevin, I've got this all sorted out. You're safe to go back out front." The young man nods tightly at him and scuttles back out to the counter as the bell dings, signaling a new customer. Dean points Gabe to his office and closes the door behind them.
Cas blanched a little and looked away. "Ah, she never spoke with you about it, I see." He sighed, pulling his hat off and running his hand through his hair. "Shortly after you two started dating she made it clear to me that there was no room in your relationship for me."
The two men swear as the twister splits. The sisters twirl and twine around each other, and it's a terribly beautiful sight.
They walk through the town hand in hand, and Dean takes in the shops' decorations in the windows. They tie in very well with the work he and Cas put in the day before. Main Street really is starting to look like a “classy winter wonderland.”
Dean groans in delight. “Oh, God. Yes, please. And thank you so much for letting a stranger in your house.”
The redhead at the desk looks up and grins. “Hi, there. Welcome to Singer Auto! I’m Charlie; how can I help you?”
Charlie pulled out a notebook and took notes. "OK, we can work with this. Dean, are you OK with me hiring someone to clear the house and barn of your personal items, including the furniture?"
"No need Mr. Winchester." Dean looked over his shoulder to see the same doctor from before walking in. "Well now, this is a fine family you have here, Miss Mosely."
Dean caught sight of the turnoff for Missouri's street and guided Baby through the neighborhood down to the end of the street. He put Baby into park and looked up in time to see Missouri coming down the stairs, Jack following close behind. Dean grinned as he stood up from the driver's seat and wrapped Missouri in a tight hug. He breathed in her soft floral scent and felt his chest loosen slightly. "Hi, Mama."
Dean grumbles as he’s forced to fall back behind Gabe’s bus. “Lisa, once we catch up with them, you can take the truck and go home. I’ll get the stupid papers signed and see you tonight.” He risks a glance over at Lisa. “Is that OK?”
“Oh, it looks like George is out testing the thickness of the ice,” Cas says. He points to a figure sliding around out on the lake. “We might be able to set up the ice rink this week.”
"Dick, don't be an ass-" He cuts off as Dean stops the truck and leans forward. "What, do you see them?"
Dean watches for a few seconds, disbelieving. He thought- well. It doesn’t matter what he thought anymore. He sees the proof of Castiel’s decision right in front of him, and he needs to get out of here. Now.
Castiel nods and picks up the first ornament and scrutinizes the tree, looking for the best place to put it. Dean claps his shoulder and moves off to the War Room to start hanging garland on the stairs leading up to the front door. Castiel makes his way through the boxes until he feels that there isn’t enough room for any more ornaments and closes the box up. He goes in search of Dean, finding him in the kitchen talking with Sam.
Dean hears the flapping of wings as he leaves the house to head to the bakery, and he groans when he sees the latest wreath that Cas had put on the door on the ground, the shiny bits all picked off of it. He shakes his head and cleans up what he can, setting the wreath to the side.
He leaves the cafe, dashing across the street as quickly as possible to avoid being seen by either Castiel or Meg. His hands are shaking as he calls Bobby.
“Yes, there is, Meg! You and I broke up long before you moved. For numerous reasons, including your animosity towards Gabe! Just stop this!”
Jody sucks in a breath, looking up and squinting at the monitor in front of her. “The models are forecasting lifted indexes from minus six to ten.” She looks up at Donna, brow furrowed.
to be. Just got discharged, and my brother knows where I am. Hell, it might be fun to take a vacation for once.”
Meg snorts. "I need a rig for my wolf, first. It's not something I can exactly order on Amazon, you know."
"Lisa said to just wait, she'll be out in a little bit to collect you." She walked slowly back to her desk, eyes downcast and shoulders hunched. They sat in silence, the ticking of the clock behind her and the sounds of her keyboard the only sounds in the room.
Chairs squeal as everyone pushes away from the table and burst into motion. Gabe grabs up the radios and runs out the door, Dean and Lisa following. Dean pulls her to the side and kisses her cheek.
"Oh," she breathes, moving around Dean and going to her knees next to the kitten. "Oh, Dean, he's adorable." She gently pets between his eyes and the kitten leans into her touch.
three times since he started listening that morning, its noon and just about time for him to wrap up and go home. He takes the earbuds out as Alicia comes back into the kitchen with what he hopes is the last load of dishes.
Castiel stops walking, letting the sounds of the forest rush in. The tinkle of water playing over stone can be heard over the bird song. "It is."
"You know it." Sam hugged Dean again. "It really is good to have you back here," he murmured into his shoulder.
Dean can feel his power rise and knows his eyes are flashing purple at the slur, but before he can retaliate, Cosmos streaks out from her hiding place and sinks her teeth into Marv's right calf. Marv lets out a high-pitched scream and Dean can only watch as Cosmos shreds the khakis he's wearing and starts tearing into Marv's flesh.
“Well, why don't you come on down here, and I’ll just show you. That way, we can talk face to face, ‘n all that.”
"Cosmos, I- I can't take the key. I love Cas too much to tie her down like this. To someone like me. She deserves- ow!"
“Well, I’m going to go get some the stretcher and some brain bleach,” Dean says as he heads out of the room and back down the hallway. “You two don’t move!”
“Belgian Malinois and German Shepherds, mostly. I’ve worked both bomb and narcs over the years, with one or two patrol-only.”
Dean is well versed in the art of caring for his family through food. Part of it’s due to the fact that he’s a kitchen witch, but most of the time its nothing more than a good home-cooked meal. And every once in a while, he’ll give the food a little extra boost using his specially prepared herbs, murmuring incantations over the pots, or sometimes even weaving his spells into the food itself.
Benny's cheeks turn red, and he coughs. "Ah, good. That's good. I'm uh- I've got somethin'-" he points over his shoulder and bolts out of his seat and out of the house, just barely missing running Dean over as he walks in the door.
Dean chuckled. "Well, I'm glad you climbed in here. It's been a while since we got to snuggle just us."
Dean chuckles darkly. "Yeah. With him being a Shifter, I'm not surprised by that. That old wolf could probably find the traps even without the detector."
"I am not," he says, trying valiantly not to chuckle. "These mountains, and the Park, are well known for the black bear population." Meg squeaks, so he hurries to add, "But as long as you follow the guidelines the Rangers gave us, we'll be fine."
Castiel tilts her head to the side and squints at Dean. "Why is this such a sore subject for you? Not knowing I have a cat?"
"Well, you and I are the only two alphas left in the pack. Everyone else was killed or run off," Bobby growls.
Missouri looked over at Dean and raised an eyebrow. "Of course I am, dear, otherwise I wouldn't have stayed."
It doesn’t take long for Dean to down his coffee. As he works on his coffee, he tells Castiel a little more about himself—his job in the Marines and a little about the dogs he’s worked with over the years. After that, they bundle back up, Dean retrieves his newly-dried jeans from the dryer, and Castiel and Gabe show Dean to the guest house.
“Oh! Yes, yes. Take your boots off and just roll your jeans up so that the snow doesn’t fall off, and then follow me, please.”
He wanders downstream, watching the fish in the water leap and play. He sits down on a boulder and cradles his chin in his hand, letting his mind wander. A crashing behind him almost topples him into the water, and he whips around and crouches down into a fighting stance, teeth bared.
Emma's cheeks flushed and she looked down at her dinner and took a big bite to avoid having to tell her father anything they said.
for a later time. “Right now, I just need to assess the damage and see if anything needs to be done to them before I let my Grace take over and do what it can to heal them.”
Dean stirs from a restless sleep when the air in their part of the cave shifts. He opens his eyes and peers out into the darkness, shifting and pulling Zanna closer to him. A shape detaches itself from the cave wall and moves toward them. Dean growls in warning.
A week after Dean and Zanna were taken, there's a shift in the holding pattern. The war party emerges from the dining room with lists in hand. The pack scatters to gather the items or prepare for the party's return, and Naomi takes Castiel to the side. She lays out his part of the plan, and he nods his understanding before retreating to his room to pack his medical supplies. He packs everything he would have packed to patrol in Afghanistan into a gilly pack he can wear in both forms.
Everything starts to go dark as the clouds above them crowd up on each other. The wind is picking up, and debris is being blown onto the windshield as they drive. Dean's gut starts talking to him, telling him something isn't right when they go over a hill and see the twister again. Cas grabs the camera off the seat and starts taking shots as the rain comes down. He lowers the camera and chews his lip.
Dean snorts, and Charlie smacks his arm. He hisses at her in retaliation. Charlie looks around Dean and tries to catch Castiel's gaze.
Dean looks up and blinks sleepily at Castiel. “Yeah, that sounds good. I guess being in the snow and then working on your wings tired me out more than I was expecting.”
Charlie huffs. Dean ignores her and finishes loading up what he wants for the next few days. He pats her on the shoulder as he passes her on the way to his room to gather the other stuff he's gonna need. "I'll be fine, kiddo."
They already don’t live far away from the hospital since Cas works there as an ER doctor, but Benny gets them there in just about half the usual time. Dean’s got his BLS and bails out of the cab before the rig even comes to a complete stop, lights bathing the front yard in red.
She guided him through the paperwork he needed to fill out before sitting back in her chair. "Alright, let’s get you down to the store."
The pack is waiting outside, roused by Dean's howl when they return to the house. Garth catches on to who's following Dean and Cas first and rushes forward.
Castiel nods and lets his head fall back down. A grunt under him tells him his pillow is currently Meg, and knowing that his mother and closest friend are both here, he lets himself slip back into a restless sleep.
The door opens, admitting Castiel. Dean throws a grin over his shoulder to his best friend slash girlfriend. “You got it, Mom. Love you.”
Dean lifts a shoulder. "Doesn't matter to me. We need an Alpha, and neither of you is willing - or able - to step up." He looks behind him at the two wolves standing near the trees. "At least this one doesn't seem like he's just in it for the power, or whatever. I mean, at his age and strength? I'm surprised he doesn't already have his own pack." He looks back at Bobby and Ellen. "So, I guess we don't have much of a choice, you know?"
"Got her!" the man crows, and through her haze, she sees another man following, a younger man. She can't focus on either of them until they get closer, the pain making her vision hazy. One doesn't look like he should be tromping through a wooded area, wearing a suit and tie. He's the one holding the bow. The younger man's face is stricken, and he rushes past the older one, pushing him to the side.
Missouri hummed and finished scrambling the eggs. "You know you don't have to thank me, but since you did, you are more than welcome, honey. Now help Emma before she falls off and cracks her head open."
"And Jess was so awesome," the muffled explanation came from Dean's chest. Emma lifted her head and grinned at Jess. "She knocked Mom out when she wouldn't leave."
Cas chuckled and ruffled Jack's hair before he plopped his hat down on the youngster's head. "Hi, Jack. How was school?"
"Charlie," Cas says over the radio, "What road are we on? Where is this going to take us?" He waits for a beat, then keys the mic again. "Kevin? We've got to get ahead of this storm. What's on the satellite?"
Dean hummed in agreement. "Well, docs said you had a stroke. I don't know much more than that right now, so don't ask." He chuckled as Missouri and Sam both snapped their mouths shut. "She said that we wouldn't know more until you woke up, which you have, and we should probably tell someone that."
Dean grinned to himself and shook his head. Missouri was called the town 'physic' for a reason. "I'm not, for now. That's Lydia's story to tell her daughter why she doesn't want to have anything else to do with her."
Gavin? Castiel forces herself to focus on the young man kneeling beside her, and yes, that is Gavin MacLeod. Which means the man who shot her must be Crowley.
"Sure thing Lyds. I'll let you know when they are done. If there are any questions, I'll let my lawyer take care of it."
"So it looks like they have an OK set up here. Everything is up and running and all that. We do have a problem, though."
Castiel whips around in time to be knocked off his feet by the aggressive wolf. He slides to a stop against the boulder, and pain makes his vision go white for a few seconds. He shakes his head to clear his vision and looks up in time to see a small grey and white wolf leap over the boulder and rake her claws across the brown wolf's face.
"Nope," he says. "Ain't seen hide nor hair of her since last week when Jody hauled Luc's stupid ass to jail for poaching." He throws back another gulp.
"Sit, Dean." Garth's face looked like a thunderhead and Dean felt his heartrate kick up a notch as he lowered himself into the chair in front of his desk. Garth sighed and set his forearms on the desk before leaning forward.
He swings into the General Store and grabs a few more cans of Cosmos' favorite food and is heading back to the bakery when Bobby comes out of the hardware store and stops him.
He digs the bright orange tape out of the shed and grabs a sharp knife before he heads back to the tree line. He starts on the far edge of his own property and slowly makes his way across, tying a streamer to each of the trees, making sure to leave a good bit to flutter in the wind. As soon as he steps over the property line to Cas' place, however, he feels his heart drop to his shoes.
A tinkling sound fills the warm spring air. An elderly woman looks around, her yard full of different kinds of wind chimes. One’s got the body shape of the twisters that grace Kansas so often with horizontal wind vanes attached to it. Another is made of spoons and bounces off a tin can, creating music as the breeze shifts through her yard. She smiles and looks back over to the young man beside her, waiting for her instruction. "Alright, sugar, that's just the spot," Missouri Mosley says to the welder. "Go for it," she nods and pats him on the shoulder, turning when she hears the squeal of breaks. She turns around and feels a smile stretch across her face. "Dean Winchester!"
Dean smiles sadly and runs a hand over her hair before he cups her chin, angling her face so that he can look her in the eye. "Totally worth it. You're my best friend."
"Well, never mind. I'll figure that out. I have my magic ways. Good night, honey." Missouri leaned down and kissed Emma on the forehead. She turned on the night light and left the door open a crack before she went to bed. She sat down and shook her head, trying to clear the blurriness from her eyes before she laid down and went to sleep.
Dean sits back and picks up his coffee cup. “Oof, that’s some heavy stuff to get into this early in the morning.” She winces and opens her mouth to retort, but he waves her off. “That wasn’t anything against you. I'm not sure I believe in God, not after all the crap I’ve seen while I was in the Marines, but I do believe something is out there.” He pauses, searching for the words he wants, and she comes out from behind the counter. He waves at the open seat and continues as she sits down.
The line of black Windstars starts passing them, and Claire says, "Hey, look, it’s the Leviathan crew!"
son. And none of my children are failures." She pulled him into a hug and Dean soaked in the comfort of his mother for a while before he pulled away. He distracted himself by showing Missouri what he'd done to the swing (a temporary measure until he can build her a new one, he told himself) and what he wanted to do for the front porch.
Growling low in her throat and tail lashing behind her, she changes course and heads towards Dean's yard instead of her own. She scans her yard as she runs and fails to see the trap laid out for her just at the edge of Dean's property.
The morning after Cas’s unexpected visit, Dean woke to the sound of two elephants tromping down the stairs. He lifted his head and looked blearily at his door, then decided it wasn't worth it and dropped his head back down. He grumbled and burrowed under the covers and pulled his pillows over his head to block out the sounds of the kids downstairs and the neighbor's dog greeting Missouri as she did her morning rounds feeding the ducks.
"Alright man, that's the best I can do for now. You should really go by Urgent Care and get on some antibiotics, cat scratches are no joke, and they'll want to do a tetanus shot. I'm sure that Cas has her cat up to date on vaccines, so I doubt there will be any reason for you to get anything else done." Dean shakes his head. "Dude, I'm so sorry."
Emma was running down the stairs as Dean parked, and launched herself into his arms as soon as he slammed the door shut.
The rest of the pack spreads out through the buildings, Meg directing everyone in a different direction. Garth is put in charge of stripping all of the beds of their linens, even those that won't be used shortly, and getting everything set up to wash. Ellen disappears into the kitchen to take stock of what's left, and Jo goes with her so they can start making lists of things that need to be replaced. Ash heads into an office labeled with "Dr. Badass", saying he needs to get back online ASAP so he can check the pack's accounts and make sure Abbadon hadn't been able to get their money. Bobby grumbles about the state of everything, and Meg leaves him to it.
runs a hand down his face. "I think I should start over." He steps over to Dean and sticks out a hand for Dean to shake. "Hi, I'm Gabe. I'm looking for my sister, Castiel. It's been a while and I'd like to catch up with her."
Zanna snorts a laugh, and Dean grins at her. Castiel just rolls his eyes at both of them. It's going to be a long few days.
"Well, what about Cosmos? Her fur pattern kinda reminds me of the night sky when you can see the galaxies light up and..." he trails off and blushes, whipping around to hide it from Cas.
When he looks at his phone, he groans when he sees that it's only 9:30. He sets a reminder for him to go check on Cosmos in an hour and wanders back into the kitchen, Fury at his heels. He makes short work of cleaning up the mess of his table and throws everything with blood on it into his fire pit out back before incinerating it. He wipes down the table one last time with bleach and tosses everything in the washer.
Dean shakes his head. "This is all a pack of lies, Lisa. See, there was another Dean, an evil Dean. And I killed him!" The group around the table laughs, and Lisa shakes her head at Dean.
He scuttles back into the bathroom and grabs his favorite soap - rosemary and pine - and jumps in. He does a quick wash and scrubs his hair to get the embedded dirt out of it and dries off as he goes back to his bedroom. He throws on his boxers and jeans, a black shirt, and the green flannel over-shirt and rushes out the door, throwing a locking spell on the door as he goes.
Her hand shook as she laid it on his cheek. Tears dripped down Dean's face when she went limp. He grabbed up her hand and rocked her back and forth. "Mama, wake up! Wake up! Mama! Mama, please. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. No. No. No…"
"Sooo… What are you gonna do?" Charlie asks as Dean shuffles around the kitchen, gathering up snack stuff and drinks for him to keep handy.
"Dean, I love ya like a son, I do, but you're a damn idjit if you thought we all don't have eyes. We've seen your moon eyes ever since you got comfortable with Cas being here. We've seen him follow you- sometimes literally- around like a puppy." Castiel growls at that, and Bobby waves him off. "Point is, boy, when you went missin’, your alpha fell apart. And there's no other reason for an unmated alpha to do that except for if their True Mate leaves them."
Henriksen slaps a hand on his shoulder. “Get some cold-weather gear before you head out, then. You think it’s bad here? It’s already snowing and cold as hell up there this time of year.” It feels like the last order he’ll ever get, and Dean’s throat closes.
"Kinda had to. Sammy, my brother, he's still young, you know? He's an alpha, but he doesn't want to be Alpha. Not for a long time, anyway. We always thought-" he shrugs. "We always hoped that I'd find a mate and take over the pack like Mom always wanted me to."
Dean mutters under his breath about weird-ass brothers as he makes his way into the living room. He gets Eileen’s attention and tells her the new plan for the day. She jumps off the couch, darting for the master bedroom.
Dean gives her a cheeky grin, leans forward and grabs the remote in one hand and another slice of pizza in the other. Cas throws a blanket over the two of them and they snuggle in the middle of the couch to veg out, watch a good movie, devour pizza and enjoy the company.
“Nothing exciting, I’m afraid. I’m a history teacher at the high school. I’m just glad it’s the end of the semester. No school for a month and the kids can finally blow off some steam.” Cas throws his scarf and hat down on the table, then heads into the kitchen. “So, what did you and Gabe get up to today?”
"It's alright honey. She can't do it anymore. You're here with us now, and we won't be lettin' it happen again."
Cas started thrusting against him, using the leg thrown over his as extra leverage.  Sparks tingled along Dean's skin as he matched his strokes on Dean to the rhythm of his hips, and all he could do was hang on for the ride.
Castiel nods, and Dean chuckles. “Would you like some help with that?” Dean asks as he wiggles his fingers into the downy feathers.
Dean looks down at his hands. Castiel can see now that the man is picking at his cuticles, likely from nerves. Dean shakes his head. "'M fine Cas. Good to be home."
Thanks to the early hour it’s not hot yet, so Dean stops to take a breath, letting the calm seep into him. The holly bush next to the porch rustles as a starling flies out of it, and Dean tracks it until it disappears into the sky. He takes a sip of his coffee as he clambers down the steps and over to the Impala. He climbs in, situates the thermos in the seat so it doesn't roll around, and heads out to the bakery.
As the sun dipped below the horizon, his mind turned to Lydia. He could admit to himself, looking back, that he wasn't really in love with her. It didn't dull the hurt, the anger, of her and Cole's betrayal though, because it also hurt Emma. Dean snorted to himself. All these years, he'd been terrified of turning out to be just like his father, and Fate had other plans.
Dean scratches the back of his neck. "Well, I don't know what she does while I'm at work, but she likes to hang out for a while here with me when I get home. We've got a little ritual at this point."
The now is underlined twice, and that paired with her glare tells Dean she’s serious enough to march him there herself. He discovered that vet techs didn’t give a shit about rank a long time ago.
a work of fiction, though I have done my best to keep the military parts as close to real as possible.
"Daddy!" She ran up to him and threw her arms around his waist. "Did you have fun at your sleepover last night?"
"Uh, I worked for a temp agency doing construction jobs until Emma was born. Nothing brain-busting or anything. After Emma was born I started my own business selling hand-carved wood and furniture to keep busy, though."
A chorus of "Mama!" echoed in the room as everyone's heads whipped toward the bed where Missouri was hugging Jack to her chest and smiling. Dean raised the bed a little so that she was sitting up and once she was settled again, she waved her hand at Emma.
"They had no warning," Cas says. He's vibrating with anger and sadness. He looks out the window and sees a couple hugging, a little girl with a stuffed bear in her hands. A little boy sits on the curb, looking lost.
"Hey, sweetheart, hey, it's OK," she hears as the blankets on top of her are removed. Her ears flatten tightly to her head when the last blanket is removed, and she cowers away from the body looming over her. Large hands wrap around her body and she's lifted into the air and tucked into a broad chest and she heaves in a breath, Dean's scent flooding her lungs. Castiel goes limp in his hold.
The conversation dissolves around Castiel then, each faction laying out plans and options. All he can do is sit and stare.
Castiel shrugs, moving to the coffee maker as Dean puts his jeans in the dryer and turns it on. “If Gabe was willing to bring you to me, I trust his judgment.”
"Mama told me to call Miss Mills if anyone ever came to the house and tried to scare us. So when Emma screamed I called her. I don't want Emma to be scared anymore." Jack buried his face in the side of Sam's neck and shivered. Emma hugged her cousin to her and Sam wrapped his arms around them both and waited for Jody to get there.
Cas rolls her neck as she answers, "Not bad. Everyone is excited about a new release, so we got some decent traffic today."
"You know where Craftsman's Row is?" Castiel nods, so Dean continues. "Around about out there. We've got a homestead out there that backs up to the Park. At least, we did before this shit-show."
"That's the spirit. Come by the junkyard later and see if you can find any parts and get some of that crap out of my hair."
Missouri swatted him away from the pot and out of the kitchen. "Out. I know what you're up to, and I'll not be having you eatin' up all the cheese before it makes it to the pot. Go set the table."
"I love you too, Mom," he croaks back before he disconnects the call. He sits for a moment, staring off into space before he shakes himself off. He gets up and searches Ellen out. To no one's surprise, he finds her in the kitchen. "Ellen?"
The next morning is hell, thanks to his brain not letting him sleep, but he manages to get himself to the bakery and starts on the day. Jess is there waiting for him with a sunny smile and he lets her chatter soothe him. They make a great team, and by ten am, she's shoving him out the door.
The piano melody twined around in the night air as Dean stepped up to Cas, letting the other man take him in his arms. The others on the patio were quiet as they danced to an old Garth Brooks song.
Anna scouts around, reporting back that there were guards at one point, but it appears the spots are no longer being used.
Charlie's face grows thoughtful. "You kinda need an assistant, huh? Someone to help you in and out of a rig for your wolf."
"Yeah, she shooed me out here to 'blow the stink off' or whatever. Said you'd need help building the raised bed."
Dinner was rowdy and exactly what Dean needed to take his mind off of his new job. They sat up late entertaining the kids with stories of their escapades from when they were kids and first came to live with Missouri. Emma and Jack were in stitches and Jess was more than happy to learn more about her husband from Dean's viewpoint. Eventually, the kids started nodding off, so Sam took Jack to his bed and Dean followed Emma to tuck her in.
Dean snorts and pushes Charlie behind him. "Not your omega, Abbadon, even if you are the Alpha of this pack. Get your own damn food, just like you make me get everything on my own. I don't serve you."
Dean snorted a laugh as he waved goodbye. He turned back to his new space, a small smile on his lips as he took it in again.
"You're welcome." Castiel offers his arm for Dean to haul himself up and helps him into the pants. "Can you walk?"
“Yeah, and I’m regretting that now. I’m so sorry, Lisa. Let’s go. Gabe, how do you have friends, really?”
At five am, Dean finds himself wide awake and staring at the ceiling. Giving in, he gets up and puts in a half-assed PT session, cursing his brain the entire time. Around six, a knock on the door startles him. He peeks around the door to see Cas with a coffee cup.
He digs through his bag, looking for the little amber bottle of that awesome massage oil Eileen gave him a few years ago, after he blew out his knee. He’d been firmly against using the stuff at first, fearing something floral smelling, but Eileen knows him well. She had Sam sit on him while she slathered it on his knee herself, and he’s been a firm believer in the stuff since. He even coaxed the recipe for making it himself out of her.
Dean drops down next to Cas. "Jesus, Missouri." He rushes over to her and checks for a pulse. He breaths out a sigh of relief when he finds it. He looks up at Cas. "We gotta get this off of her and get her out of here. This thing is ready to go."
For once, Dean doesn't wake before dawn, nor does he come awake all at once, like he usually does. He rouses in his borrowed bed in the guest house slowly, with the brightening of the room. Once he’s fully awake, he smiles up at the ceiling. He’s known the man who is letting him stay in his guest house for less than a week. He doesn't really know anyone else in this town, but… he thinks he could be happy here if he let himself. He might have a job prospect if Jody okays it, and he’s got a fledgling friend in Anna, at least. And then there’s Cas…
As he finishes, Cosmos wanders over and sits down in front of him, blinking up at him. Dean is suddenly grateful that he's been taking the allergy meds every day when his nose doesn't start itching. He looks down at the cat. "What do you want?"
"Oh, howdy, Dean. We are heading northeast, running parallel, and about to pull ahead of it on the left. Why?"
Cas chuckled next to him. Dean raised an eyebrow at him and Cas, the little shit, said, "Can you blame him for wondering? You used to be adamantly against any form of
Yeah, Dean’s a bit tired of the perceptive bastards in his life. He sighs. “I don’t really know if this is gonna go anywhere, but you remember me tellin’ you about the guest house I'm staying in?”
“Well, damn. Hope she doesn't stick around for long. Wonder what she drove all the way from Chicago for? They broke up ages ago when she decided to go to work for the university.” She squints in the direction of Cas’ house. “I sure the hell hope she isn't trying to get him to move up there with her, again.”
a good idea, sweetheart. We need to make sure the smokehouse is clean and ready. The pit, too. I'll get Benny on the smokehouse if you and Cas'll do the pit. Make sure we have plenty of firewood." Ellen starts muttering to herself about what all she'll need from the store and what all she can prep, and Dean takes the opportunity to slip out the backdoor to watch the sun rise.
"Yes, Meg, it's perfectly fine. We just need to be careful, is all. Help's a long way away, even with the sat phones and such, so watch your step."
“Yeah, that’s fine. Here, give him my cell so he can call me when he picks her up.” Dean rattles off his number, which Castiel dutifully relays to the mechanic before wandering back to the living room. A few moments later, Castiel comes back into the kitchen.
Dean claps a hand to Bobby's shoulder. "Thanks, man, I appreciate it. I'm sure Cas will too. Go by the bakery before they close up shop today and get you a pie on me."
Dean looks up from his bowl and shrugs. "Probably. Just be glad that Benny and Meg's hunting has been bringing more than just her pictures home. Otherwise, you'd be stuck with cow meat."
Dean finished securing the ponytail before he turned her around to face him. "You know what, kiddo? If they don't, then fuck 'em. You are the awesomest kid to ever kid, and if they don't want to get to know you, then it's on them." He thought for a second and grabbed the spoon he'd used in his coffee. "You know what? We are starting a new life here. And new lives mean a wish gets granted. So, you want new friends?"
Another uprooted tree lands in front of them, and Dean's going too fast to avoid it. The truck shudders as they hit the tree, and the front tires manage to pull them over it, but then they get stuck.
"Mm. Front porch swing needs to be looked at, I think the hooks are trying to strip their way out of the handles."
Dean laughs, startling the vendor they are passing. “Not for me. And I agree, she is a good kid. We had an awesome conversation about the merits of not following an organized religion over coffee.”
She's up a tree this time, and Marv is standing at the base of the tree with a can of food. There is a cat carrier on the ground behind him and to the left and Dean narrows his eyes at them. Cosmos doesn't look concerned, however, so he just shrugs and heads inside to wash the dirt out from under his fingernails and make a sandwich. He takes it and a glass of lemonade out to the front porch in time to see Cosmos jump down out of the tree, bound off Marv's head, and streak over into his holly bushes again. Dean shakes his head as Marv starts into his yard.
And damn it, Dean can see the puppy eyes Sam has on, even without seeing his actual face. “Yeah, I know. Should only be a few more weeks. Plus, you have a phone; you coulda called me.”
They chat back and forth about as little as possible, catching each other up on the gossip. Dean puts up with the salutes from the MP’s at the gates and then, finally, Garth’s stopping in front of the officer housing.
"Oh good, cause I want to make you guys my burgers at least once." Dean saw Emma fist pump in triumph out of the corner of his eye. "Emma even likes them, don't you squirt?"
Castiel rubs a hand over his face, trying to dispel the images of Dean's terror-stricken face from his mind. "To put it bluntly, screaming nightmares."
He nods as he opens the refrigerator, digging a can of coke out. "Yes. It's the only way he's going to let me near him right now. And since he isn't mated-"
Castiel nods tiredly and, after lunch, herds the two back to bed. Dean puts up a fight until Castiel huffs, shifts then flattens the omega until he falls asleep.
A few hours later, a very emotionally wrung out Dean waved goodbye to Lisa and Becky as he left the agency. They'd gotten applications sent over to a few places around town and Lisa advised him that she would let him know as soon as she heard from one of them. The options weren't great, but in a small town like Smithville, pickings were slim, and he'd take what he could get.
"You want to take a look at this, Lisa?" Gabriel asks. She shakes her head. "Are you sure you can really feel it with the telephoto lens!"
Dean’s so confused now, but the hope is clawing its way up to his throat. “What does that mean, Cas?”
thanks to the scent of grilling burgers wafting out onto the street makes his mouth water. They’ve all got lights and decorations strung up inside, but nothing outside yet, and Dean finds himself wondering why.
They sit down next to the giant tree that Cas informs him will be decorated during the next week and finish their hot chocolate. Dean leans into Cas’ shoulder and smiles at the flowers.
Dean scrubbed his hands down his face, instantly feeling guilty. "I know Mama, and I'm sorry. Not sure what's up with me this morning."
Dean pushes Dick into the side of the SUV, the slimy bastard hollering about someone getting Dean off him. “What, Dick? Did you think I wouldn’t find out?”
"You think so?" Dean wiggles upright in his chair again and looks down at the Tortie. "I know the past few weeks has sucked ass without her here. I miss her."
"I guess she still doesn't trust me, even after all these years," he mutters to himself as he parks the Impala. He rubs a hand down his face and glances over at Cas' house, glad to see that her car is not there, and Cosmos is nowhere to be seen. He just really needs to be alone right now.
“Good morning, Ol’hoath,” Cas rumbles. Dean feels the angel nose into his hair. “Did you sleep well?”
Lydia sneered at the two men. "Oh look, the loser best friend. So glad you listened to me back in high school, by the way. It made it so much easier to break away from this hick town and go up north."
She waves a hand at him as she turns to put the perishables in the fridge. "Sam called me and let me know that you helped him out by taking home a kitten, and I was pretty sure that you didn't stop for anything to make on the way home," she straightens and tosses a look over at him, pinning him in place, "did you."
She rubs along his shins and purrs, head butting his hand when he reaches down to pet her. She arches her head down, and his fingers get tangled in her collar.
"Oh, well that makes sense, seeing as you are perched as high up as you can go!" Jess said as she pushed the door open. "Well, if you monkeys are hungry you better get in here, 'cause dinner is ready."
Dean had moved them here shortly after Sam graduated high school. The death of their father in a drunk driving accident (the drinking one of the many reasons Mary had left John when the boys were still little) had people in Lawrence looking at both boys sideways like they expected one or both to follow in their old man's footsteps. And being LGBT (bi specifically for Dean) in Kansas? That was just asking for trouble. So, the boys got together one night, hung up a map of the US, and started throwing darts. Mary had looked on, amused, as they missed over and over before they landed one at the very edge of the border between the States and Canada.
Dean kept the kids entertained for a few more minutes until the doorbell rang. "I'll get it!" the kids yelled in tandem and took off to throw the door open.
Dean sits up and groans, rubbing his head. He looks around, taking stock of his situation. It’s dark, and everything outside is blanketed in white. Something swinging just out of eyeshot catches his attention, and he reaches a hand out to stop it. It’s Uurzua’s collar, hanging on the rearview mirror.
Dean kicked Cas in the shin. "Not that one, and stop looking around, you'll attract attention. Oh crap, here she comes." He fought against gravity to straighten in his seat as Ruby made her way over to them.
“You should keep those under lock and key,” Castiel rumbles. “Even though they are old and worn out, they will still work for spells.”
over. He grins sheepishly at her glare when she realizes he can't hear her. She rolls her eyes and snatches up an empty chart sheet.
"Hera, who would do that to a cat?" he mutters into Fury's fur. The kitten's response is a purr, so Dean lets him reassure him the only way he knows how.
Dean flicked his gaze over to her son, currently getting his face wiped down by Missouri. "Well, for starters you can come by and get your son. While you are here, you can explain to me why he's been bullying my daughter." He stabbed the end button before she could respond and sat down in a chair opposite Ben. He propped his elbows on the arms and steepled his fingers in front of his face, pinning the child to the chair with a look.
Dean sighs as he packs up everything but the aloe plant. He smiles a little and pokes the baby spikes.
"MAMA!" Dean bolted up in bed, twinging something in his back. He grimaced and looked around for his pajama pants (he wears boxers to bed because PJ pants get all tangled, thank you very much) before finding them at the end of the bed. He snatched them up and hopped around, trying to get his legs shoved into them without falling over. He stalked over to the window and ripped the curtain back to see Castiel out in the backyard with a tiller. His mouth went dry at the sight of the man's arms as he wrestled with the machine, keeping it in line and under control.
"Hey, honey," Missouri said as she walked into Emma's room. "Your dad called a while ago and he said he'd be home soon. Do you want me to tuck you in?"
Dean's mouth flattens out. "Yeah, I get you. Alright, kid, get yourself pulled back together and I'll see what I can do to fish some info out of him." He pats Kevin on the shoulder and makes his way out to the front of the store. As he steps around the counter and sees a short man with floppy gold-blond hair wandering around the shop with his hands in his pockets.
Dean shrugs. “I’m just ready to get this over with, you know. I want to get married to you and get the rest of my life started.”
“Yeah, um. And tell me to fuck off if this isn’t something you would be interested in, but uh. I can help with them? If you want?”
of a bone snapping reverberates through the air. Dean screams, and Castiel's alpha snarls at the sound and pushes him to shift faster than he ever has, his wolf scratching under his skin. He crashes into the brown wolf's side, sending him flying into a tree.
Dean growls and tries to rush at Dick again, but Cas pushes him back. Gabe and Sam are still holding onto his arms, and Dean feels the fight drain out of him. He jerks his arm away from Gabe. “I’m alright. Let go!”
“Aw man, don’t start that shit, Gabe,” Dean says, laughing. He finally pulls the shorter man in for a hug, patting his back.
"What the fuck? I should be asking you that, running off when my sister's been hurt. Leaving her there in your bed with no way to get back to her place? After she's told you the one thing, she doesn't tell anyone? And now I find you here drinking yourself stupid?"
It's been two days since the traps were discovered, and Luc arrested for hunting out of season. Two days since Dean had punched the vile excuse of a man and sat on him.
"'S alright Cas. I just really didn't want the first victim to be you since it’s for your cat and all. And I guess technically for you, too."
” The rest of the forecast is lost as someone turns the radio down, drowned out by the noise in the NSSL. The National Severe Storms Laboratory is a hubbub of noise and activity as the scientists pour over printouts of the weather patterns, sharing information back and forth with each other. A blonde woman leans over her desk, plucking a printout of a picture from the printer.
. He sucked Cas' balls into his mouth one at a time, drawing a groan from the man under him, and rolled them around until his boxers were soaked and he could taste the tang of Cas' skin.
Stephanie the reporter tried to keep the video from getting out, but unbeknownst to the crew, their Facebook Live feed had already been rolling. Bob had signed in to get ready and had accidentally started the cast. The whole thing had been broadcast live, and by the time the station had pulled it down, it was too late. Someone had uploaded the video to YouTube, and from there it was like watching a match light a wildfire in an area that had already been soaked in gasoline.
“What? It could be!” She starts talking excitedly, and Bobby winks at Dean. Dean just shakes his head and goes back to work with a grin on his face.
Concentrating on his wings, he gently stretches them out, one by one. By and large, they are as intact as they ever are these days, except one. He clenches his teeth when he flexes the main left wing – of
“Dude! OK, hi, yes, hi. Good morning, Gabe. Oh my God, you moron, let me up; snow is cold.” Dean shoves Gabe off him and scrambles up before the oaf can pounce on him again. “Heathen,” he mutters under his breath as he bats the snow off. Once he’s relatively snow-free again, he heads down the street.
For the first time in a long time, Dean believes it. They glide around the oval, sticking close to the fence just in case. Dean’s having a pretty great time until-
Dean stands, extending his hand. “Dean Winchester, ma’am. Just staying until my car gets fixed.” They shake, and the woman narrows her eyes at him.
"Alright. I'll file an injunction for you on Lydia. Want me to file an order of protection as well?"
Castiel cries out at the impact, her voice echoing through the trees, startling the remaining wildlife into fleeing. Her body is pushed back a few feet until she lands on the ground with a thump, and pain sears through her body, radiating from her left back leg. Something - someone - large crashes through the underbrush and for a moment, she's terrified Michael had gotten his wish to own her again. But this person doesn't smell like Michael.
Dean sighed and finished entering the last bit of information for inventory before he turned around and faced Garth. "What's up, man?"
"Thanks." Dean stood up and shook her hand and went into the room she pointed out. He slipped in and sat down in the chair next to the bed. "Oh Mama," he sobbed as he took her hand. "You scared me. Please don't do that again."
He watched his mother bustle out of his room and decided that he truly did not feel up to being human yet, so he stumbled over to the window, tugged the curtains closed, then flopped back onto his bed. He buried himself under the blankets and dozed off to the sounds of Missouri moving around the house. He drifted in and out of sleep until just after one when someone started what sounded like a chainsaw under his window.
He hugs her back just as tightly as she’s hugging him, until Anna fights her way in, too. He embraces both women to his chest, thankful that Cas’ family doesn't hate him for running away.
He steadily works his way through mixing dough and assembling the assorted pies for the week - strawberry, blackberry, and a few blueberry for the seasonal and the classics otherwise - and by the time he realizes he's heard
"We do have black bears around here," Dean says as he mops up the gravy from the pot roast with a roll. "We've got other wildlife too, but the bears- we leave them alone."
After breakfast, they decide to settle in on the couch and watch mindless TV, and they rock-paper-scissors it out and settle on
Dean chuckled as they made their way up the walk to the front of Cas' house. Considering Cas still lived in the same place he had when they were kids, Dean was pretty sure he knew the area like the back of his hand, but he played along for Cas' sake. The porch light was turned off, though, so Dean did have to pay attention so that he didn't face plant into the steps.
Gabe motions to Lisa as she hangs her phone up and steers her to TOTO 1. “How sweet is this, huh? This little baby is Dean-o’s concept made real. The Extreme! It came
Cosmos chirps and jumps down from the counter. She pads over to the back door and scratches it open until she can wiggle out, and Dean watches as she streaks across the yard and over the fence before she disappears.
Dean caught her. "Oh, God! Mama!" He lowered her to the floor and looked at Emma. "Emma, go dial 911." She ran up the stairs and Dean turned back to Missouri. "Come on, not now, Mama. Not now. Don't do this to me now, Mama." He shook her when she closed her eyes. "Come on, Mama, don't do this to me now. Wake up, Mama."
"What the hell happened?" Bobby snarls as they gather in the dining room. They elected to have this meeting as humans so they could strategize and plan.
Sam shakes his head and grabs the mic. "Cas, it's over. The thing was stable, and now it—now it's gone."
Cas wedges himself under the cross beam, facing away from the truck to protect his face from the wind, and Dean wraps his arms around the support column, body draped over Cas' to help shield him from the stinging wind. They hear a groan over the sound of the tornado and look behind them in time to see the Jeep lift a little before dropping back to the ground and ramming into the bridge. Dean drops down to Cas and wraps his arms around the cross beam and Castiel, hoping the truck doesn't pulverize the wooden structure—and them with it.
“Jesus. Cas, will you just sign the fucking thing so we can get outta here?” He clicks open a pen as he hands it to Cas. “Please?”
A tall blond man breaks cover. "I expected that to take a little longer." He leans over and sees the trap with the branch caught in it and makes a disgusted noise. "Damn."
Cole waved at Dean as he showed the camera crew from WHDH through the yard to Dean's woodworking shop. Cole felt his chest swell with pride for his friend as the finished pieces came into view, but when he remembered what he's there to do, his shoulders slumped and his breath whooshed out of him.
Missouri didn't hear him (or was ignoring him, either was likely), and she danced along behind her ancient vacuum over to the windows. Dean didn't catch what she was up to before she ripped the curtains back, letting sunlight stream into the room, dust motes dancing along the beams.
"Oh, my God. You guys, get a load of this shit," Cas says from the living room before turning up the TV. They can hear Dick talking about 'his' invention. The crowd around the table boos and catcalls as Dick drones on to a reporter about changing lives.
Dean wiggles his fingers at the man. “Hey, uh. Sorry. He seemed like he knew where he was going. My car is in a snowbank about a mile or so outside of town.” He trails off when the man squints at him, head tilted.
When Marv falls to the ground and starts to reach for Cosmos, Dean jolts into action. He grabs his discarded flannel and dashes across his yard and throws the shirt over the hissing cat. The sudden darkness must stun her for a second because she stills, and Dean is able to scoop the shirt under her feet and get her tucked up into his chest. He tells Marv to stay where he is and dashes into the house, depositing Cosmos in his bedroom before shutting the door and rushing to the bathroom where his first aid supplies are. He makes a quick detour to the kitchen for his poultice of Plantain and then runs back outside and over to Marv.
Dean turns and ducks a cornstalk thrown their way. Cas grabs his hand and tugs him into the cornfield. They dash between the stalks, heading toward the wooden fence that lines the edge of the field. Once they break free, they see a barn just off the edge of the field. Dean points it out, and they change course, dodging the boards being flung at them. They pour on the speed, smacking into the doors of the barn. A few fence boards slam into the side of the barn, impaling it. They tug them open and dart inside, panting.
Lisa’s face is excited. “Honestly? I find this all fascinating. It’s a side of you I never thought I’d get to see. I’m gonna tag along!” Lisa gives him a bright smile that Dean returns until he notices a black Windstar van pulling up beside them on the driver’s side.
Dean grunts and pushes himself into a sitting position. He makes grabby hands at Castiel once he's steady. Castiel passes over the cup, halfway full, into his hands and watches as Dean carefully sips until it's gone. They trade out the cup for the Gatoraid until Dean's eyes are drooping. "Where's Zanna?"
Charlie snorts. "Dude. She already knows. She'll have her cards out for me too when I get there, mark my words."
something to get used to) as he made sure the plate was covered with the foil. He quirked a smile at him when Cas looked back over.
Dean hands off his coat, then ducks into the bathroom to trade out cold and wet jeans for just cold ones. He emerges from the bathroom holding the jeans folded so that the wet ends are inside.
“Yeah,” Dean breaths. This is going so much better than he could have hoped, assuming he’d dared to do so. “This is awesome.”
"Dude, she never had a chance. Between Jack and Jess here there was no way she was going to get Emma off the porch, let alone out of the town."
Being a witch, Dean doesn’t care too much for the commercialized version of Yule, but who can really say no to presents and lights and good food? To having your family around during the longest times of the year? He sure can’t. He wipes his hands on a towel and pulls out his phone, dialing his mom.
Lisa looks concerned, so Gabe winks at Dean and leans over. “It’s the suck zone!” he whispers into her ear, and she jumps, startled by Gabe’s proximity.
“It’s the Extreme! It’s THE EXTREME!” Gabe yells, grabbing Dean’s hand and shaking it hard enough to jerk Dean’s body back and forth.
In the morning, Dean gets up and does his now-familiar routine of stretches and warm-ups before heading out to Anna’s for coffee and muffins for him and Cas. Anna winks at him as she hands the bag over, and Dean does
“Great,” Cas drawls. “Now I’ll have to give him a bath when we get home.” He sighs, a forlorn look on his face.
He thinks about it until he falls asleep that night, the black kitten tucked up in the bed with him and under his chin. He thinks about it at the bakery the next morning. He thinks about it after he gets home from work that night. He thinks about it so much he finally decides he needs to get it off his chest.
Cas pushes the plate away and leans on the table. “I mean, my whole family is here. I’ve lived here for the majority of my life. I like teaching here.” He looks at Dean. “And Chicago has a pit bull ban; I wouldn’t be able to take Gabe with me.”
"Eh," Crowley shrugs. "It's not like the cat had to stick around, right? Not like she's worth anything to us now anyway." Crowley kicks her in the side, and she cries out again, and she tries to drag herself away from the two men. "Come on son, might as well leave this thing to die here." Crowley reaches out and grasps his son's shoulder and a pulse rings out through the forest, and the two men disappear.
Dean and Cas are in the lead, sniffing out the trails they'd been following the past few nights. They plan to hunt first, bring the food back, then run for a few more hours before the moon rises.
"I'm sorry, you guys. I'm in a bad mood and it's not fair to take it out on you." He rubs the back of his neck and looks down at the floor. Two pairs of arms wrap around him and he loops his around Krissy and Kevin.
It’s going to be a bitch to clean up after Christmas, but Dean’ll take it for the smile it puts on Castiel’s face.
The rest of the crew swarms in then, surrounding Missouri and hugging her in turn as they continue chattering about food. She chuckles and herds them all inside, sending Dean in to shower first since he's still got mud caked to his face. She gets steak and eggs going for everyone and serves everything up as it comes out so they can eat as quickly as possible. She
"A few years ago, Mom and Dad left. They decided they didn't like it down here where it was hot as hell and the mosquitoes were big enough to carry them off. So they left the house to me, with one condition. I had to update it."
Garth brightened at this. "That would be great, Dean. This way I can have all the info ready to go to the Sheriff."
“Yeah, sorry about that. Can you do me a favor and give me a ride to the nearest bus station with service to Cincinnati?”
Dean and Zanna are nowhere to be seen, and none of the other wolves remembers seeing them in the woods after the attack started, either. With sudden clarity, Castiel knows what's happened.
Charlie’s Holiday Party is in full swing, with the booze, ‘nog, and weed flowing freely. Dean’s got a glass of spiked eggnog in his hand, and he flops down on the couch next to the hostess.
she says as they break free from the tree line. They start crossing the field at the back of the house as she continues.
. Michael's scream is shrill in her ears, and she flattens them against her head as she attempts to shred every bit of skin off the warlock's face. She keeps her teeth to herself - it's going to be bad enough later getting the blood off her claws without having to get the taste out of her mouth as well - but engages all of the other "pointy bits" in a single-minded goal of hurting this man as much as he'd hurt her so long ago.
“Flying tin cans of death, man.” Dean shudders. “I’d rather drive than fly, thanks. If humans were supposed to fly, we’d have wings.”
“You do look outstanding in it,” Cas drawls. Dean winks at him and starts her up, her engine roaring.
Zanna smacks him on the nose, shocking Castiel and Dean both. "Stop it, Dean. I told you, he's OK. He smells right."
Dean shot him a lopsided grin. "Thanks, Bobby. I have a feeling I'll be taking you up on that offer sooner rather than later."
She wanders through the neighborhood aimlessly and decides that even if Dean doesn't want to see her - human her - he'd probably want to see Cosmos. Decision made; she turns toward home. As she starts to cross the street, her skin prickles. She stops on the sidewalk and lifts her face to the wind and catches a scent on the breeze she had hoped to never smell again.
"Better," Dean said as he settled on the barstool next to Bobby's. "Her therapists think she'll be able to come home soon. Her speech has gotten better and she's moving around on her own now. Everyone is happy with her progress considering how bad the stroke was."
Dean decides he doesn't want to go home just yet, so he throws everything into the Impala and walks down Main, enjoying the morning. Fall is starting to settle in, so he makes a mental note to put up the orange streamers at the back of his property where it butts up to the forest. The area doesn't get many hunters, but one bullet hole in the house was too many, and the streamers he puts up lets anyone know that the forest ends there and to please kindly not shoot his direction.
