Cas glares, looking down at Dean's clothes, "At least I don't look like a lumberjack."
”Look, none of us have a lot, but we've got each other for as long as any of us are gonna last. So don't just say all this shit about Dean having to get over his shit and let himself be cared about like he's the only one in this bunker that's got that problem."
John crosses his arms and leans against the doorjamb, silent. His eyes focus on the photos lining the desk a few feet away.
Claire grumbles and frowns down at the table but it’s not an outright no. Kaia shoves her shoulder against her girlfriend, smiling, and Claire starts to lighten up, groaning out a “Fine.”
John looks at him a long moment, clearly considering something. His eyes flick to Ketch, then back to Mick.
"We don't." He grunts, kicking the rug as he sets it down, "
Crowley: (exhausted emoji, flat hand emoji)
Cas shakes his head, and Dean grins, standing rapidly and jogging off to the kitchen with one last ruffling of his angel's hair. He grabs a pan from Sam's grasp and shoos him from the kitchen, though not without protest.
Dean purses his lips, watching her go. All things considered, the woman seems to be handling things pretty well. Death of your own kid can't be easy.
Who the hell is Kelly?
"Loverboy leaving you on read? Pity."
got him back. And when Dean and Cas start inevitably being weird around each other, Sam's gonna wanna talk about it. And he'll tell Eileen about it. And someone will tell Jack. And everyone will just...
house for the block party?" Dean pointedly avoids looking at Cas at all as he moves away from him, taking the seat at the table next to Jack. In the corner. Where Cas can't follow. Because Dean's a coward like that.
He doesn't wanna get whiskey-dick but at this point he's already got it, so maybe he should just go all in and grab the bottle from the trunk and down the rest of it before she’s off work.
"Wish You Were Here" by Pink Floyd - song playing in the bar
know that?”
"You're not sticking around for
He tries for the barn, flashlight swinging carefully across the pitch black, steps mindful of the uneven floorboard in the barn, until-
her to die, and so she deserved it somehow? Why didn't she deserve to be saved?
Dean's still pawing away at Cas' coat, and Cas just lets him, fingers barely brushing down the lapels.
"Yes-" He starts, she hangs up.
"Okay, enough. Guys." Sam looks between them, noticing the odd, flustered look on Dean's face- how he looks down, glances at his dad with a reddening face, and looks away.
There's nothing special about his hair, really. It's thicker than he thought it would be, looking at him, but he's just got the hair of a thirty-something year old guy. A little soft, a little curled on a cowlick in the back.
"Oh I bet you know what happened next. We thought he'd be fine, just a little grumbly belly. Nope! We got home..." She swoops her arms out wide, "Poop everywhere. Had to get a new couch."
Man, Cas is a grump in the morning. It’s kind of adora-
That's somethin' you tell the mail man. Gotta dive into something deeper. Here-"
John chuckles, settling back into his seat, bringing his coffee up to his lips, “Maybe he doesn’t trust you as much as you think, either.”
The woman's flat on her back in the dirt, but flails to her feet, stumbling forward- Red hair swings from her face, revealing a single wide eye, the other covered in a thick black eyepatch.
The demon cries, one arm jutting out flat towards Sam- sending him flying back. He sails off the ground, colliding hard with the book shelf behind him, sending papers flying.
Cas: Are you not upset?
Cas: (Smiley emoji surrounded by hearts)
Dean sure would've deserved it.
"I mean I know he's family, but
Dad’s not gonna get it. He’s gonna mess it all up and make it a weird thing... It shouldn't be... it's not like that with Cas. It's never been like that with Cas. Dean definitely doesn't think of Cas in any kind of way... like a... girlfriend.
Jody ends up tapping out somewhere near the beginning of the movie- and retreats to one of the spare rooms. Sam conks out on the couch near the beginning too, limbs sinking off the side, mouth hanging open and a couple discarded, empty wine bottles by his hand on the floor.
"Okay..." John nods, takes another sip of his coffee, slapping it back on the table and leaning easily into his chair. He waves a hand down Cas' body, "Case in point. Sam wouldn't be missing in the first place if Dean left him with better backup."
, dad? Should
Dean stands straight, balling his hands to fists at his sides to stop the shaking, jaw clamped shut so tightly his teeth sting deep in his gums.
"Why'd you think I called you?" He asks after a moment, brow furrowed.
------
Cas says something else, but Dean doesn't hear a word of it because he suddenly becomes aware of his dad's swift approach.
Sam nods, pulling a gun from his waist and holding it up, "They can try."
Dean spends the rest of the drive trying not to think about the moments before the vamps showed up. He especially doesn't think about how what happened
”Who’s the one with the hangover, again?”
Cas probably figures the two of them can talk about this when they're back home at the bunker. In the safety of the four walls surrounding his own room.
what you taught me. There's always going to be...
"So you got my prayer, then, huh?" He taps the side of his mug with one finger, staring down at it.
"Jus-" He looks at him, huffing out a breath, "Cause we're on a case. Focus." Sam turns back to the screen, fast-forwarding through a whole lot of nothing for the first few hours of the night, then-
Dean finds himself sitting down for lunch with Kaia, feasting on a loaded hot dog, bacon burger, and fried dough all at once, while a few feet away Claire and Cas compete at a basketball dunk game sinking as many as possible in one minute. They're currently on the second round in their "best out of five" run. They're pretty evenly matched, surprisingly.
There will be some text exchanges in images within this chapter, if you're unable to see these for any reason the transcripts will be in the end notes.
"I, uh, well..." He readjusts his tie, loosening its suddenly all-too-tight grip around his neck.
But when Cas looks at him, so open and unassuming, he can't. Instead of everything else, all he says is, "Uh, nevermind." he flicks off the light, crossing back over to the chair and settling in, "g'night, man."
Is that what she thinks needs to happen here, too? Is it even possible, with John being who he is, and Dean...
"Hm," John huffs, looking back down at the knife twisting in his hand- cogs turning in his head, "Right."
. Typical.
When Sam turns his back on the devil, the twin doors- the only exit- start closing up simultaneously.
you can come guns blazing."
Elijah’s resolve starts to wane unsteadily- when a sharp blow connects with the back of Sam’s head- and everything fades.
Dean Winchester?"
Eileen: He's so anal about communication in an annoyingly cute way
"Look at this," Sam picks up a book from the far table, looking at the rest stacked beneath it, "Rock star biographies, all of them, from Aerosmith to ZZ Top. It's like he's studying how to become famous."
with such certainty. The part that believes someone the first time they tell him he did a wrong that he thought had been right.
He continues Sam’s chant, “
Dean's not meaning to pray right now, but words are coming through anyway. Like an old radio where the wires can't quite land on a wavelength the correct way and a dull static blankets the sound.
Eileen: Take care of yourself Angel boy
"Oh, no one. Why would someone have died?"
This isn't the way things should go.
Eileen: Is he dead
, Cas thinks. And he thinks it every day because someone needs to. Sometimes he can't stop thinking it, even when Dean's being impossible and infuriating... because if Dean won't love himself, he'll have to do enough loving for the both of them. Quietly, in secret. Like little prayers. Except he doesn't pray to God... he only prays to Dean, hoping his soul at least hears it even if he doesn’t.
He pours the next packet of sugar into the mug, and it's more of a mountain of white powder than it is a cup o' joe anymore.
"I think I may have a lead on Lucifer. I found a police report in Cleveland about a man whose eyes flared a glowing red." He beckons his hands out, raising his brows as though punctuating his point, "It could be Lucifer in a new body."
"We gotta assume we are, right?"
Cas: I’ll show you what else could be slick in about 5 minutes
Dean's eyes crinkle a little more at the corners each year despite the fact he doesn't smile nearly as much as he used to. When Dean smiles, it's nothing short of grace dipping its toe in humanity and shining through, reaching out to tangle with Cas' like two souls drawn together across time. If such a thing is possible. He's starting to think it might be.
His dad doesn't look at him, though, so he doesn't see the disagreeable look on Dean's face at that comment. Instead, he glances once more around the library before landing again on his son, "Just you and Sam here?"
He's actually not even sure what state he's in. He and Crowley have just been wandering- on slim info- finding nothing. Odds are Lucifer hasn't even surfaced from the ocean yet, but they can't leave any stone unturned.
John waves a hand, rolling his eyes, settling a fist on the table and locking onto Cas' eyes, "Then I'll be straight- I don't trust you. Now... he seems to." He points to Dean. Cas glances his way before settling back on John, "But that boy's never had a natural sense in him. Too much heart. Gets him in trouble more than it's worth half the time."
Dean nods, softening.
"Can't find Sam without Dean taking the lead... Use the right sigil and you're blasted out to the moon-"
still in Dean’s bed in the morning. It'd be kind of weird, sure, but that'd be kind of on brand for Cas. He kind of likes that, the... weirdness of the guy. That overly affectionate, doesn't know where lines are drawn type of thing that Cas just exudes in his presence.
"Well hey there, fellas!" Laura slides right up to the side of their table with a small smile, pen and pad of paper in hand. Her eyes light up a little more when landing on Cas, "Castiel! Long time no see, where's your buddy Dean-o at today?"
to die, because they weren't willing to save her.
Cas doesn't say anything, just waiting for Dean to come up with the words he wants to say next. He doesn't try to fill the silence with another subject, though, either.
John traipses past the both of them, straight into the office ahead without engaging in the back and forth.
"Why not?"
overhead.
"Okay. We gotta work with that then." He pauses only a second, "Lets rendezvous in Boulder, head north together. Good?"
. Nothing special, just backup. Another body. The obvious exceptions being the Winchesters, and a few choice friends from their collective group. Claire, for instance, he still cares whether she completely dislikes him. Jody, of course. Alex, Donna, Charlie... those he loves. Everyone else is simply background.
the one that got Jo's old man killed. Or is that alright with you? A
“No, no, no, no, no-“ He rushes forward, bracing a hand on each door, bracing his shoulders with every ounce of possible strength his body can muster- and holds it open- palms stretched wide, straining against Lucifer’s pull - until the last body barrels out- and Sam slides his arms from the door, swinging back to face Lucifer, who’s face is contorted and shaking with rage.
"This is Castiel."
"Oh," He smirks,
It was perhaps when Dean surprised him at the Gas-n-Sip three years ago that he could first and finally put a name to it- Dean grinning over the counter at Castiel, his face a beautiful, painful thing to behold. Feeling betrayed, abandoned, and hurt all at once, but above that feeling an overwhelming excitement to seeing him again... his heart racing, breath catching, body frozen in place. A heat washed over him and he knew, finally, what that missing thing was that he hadn't been reading in his own emotions... love. The all encompassing, stuttered breath and fall to your knees type of love that humanity has spent centuries trying to put a name to through countless fables and literature, film and music and art and poetry- and still, then, it's no comparison to the actual feeling deep in your chest and threading into your very soul.
"Well come on in, then. Door was open." She giggles, downing the last drop from her glass, "Won't say no to another bottle."
"What?" Dean reels, nearly bumping into the woman passing him, "Oh- sorry- mi-"
Instead, he darts forward to the closest hallway.
." He shuffles his feet, annoyed, rearing to get the hell out of here and fucking kill something.
"Dean-" Cas starts, his voice somehow deeper than usual. Jesus...
Why? Because God
location if I were holding these boys any sort of prisoner? Do you think I'm that
"Right." Sam eyes John for a fraction of a second, settling quickly back to the task, "Um, yeah, can we see Olivia's case files?"
"Yeah, that's what I thought." Sam nods, pops an earbud back in.
Cas: Pick up your phone
Surprisingly, that shuts Ishim up, though not without a soft scoff in their direction.
"Well I sure hope so." Dean grins, flashing his best flirty smile, eyeing her up and down and lowering the menu.
never gave up on me."
the reason.
"Yeah, why Vince?" Dean leans back, spreading his arms wide, "Where's the grand plan?"
"Do you believe me? It's going to be okay, Magda. Okay?" He nods, willing her to believe it. To trust him.
He leans forward, eyes piercing in a way that's probably meant to hypnotize you into buying in. That unblinking type look that
"Right..." It's
Sam shrugs, brows raised and expression flat as he pulls himself out of the booth, "I'm just saying."
Dean almost gets up and leaves again. But he doesn’t.
rescue
Can't remember the last time he felt so light, like his chest isn't as tight. Shoulders lighter, less to worry about. Must be something in the air.
"Dean wouldn't choose you over me."
Bum rap.
"Powerfully warded?" Dean snorts softly from the other end, "Okay, see, buddy, that- that was your headline right there."
He waits for the flicker of recognition to pass back through Dean's face the same way it did with the lamp, and the room number- but it doesn't.
Cas: Surely it shouldn't have to be quite so close
"Absolutely." Sam yawns, sinking back, "Thanks Jody."
sense. Just, chosen. Wanted to stick around even when it gets real hard to.
Where was Ishim when shit was hitting the fan? When the apocalypse was in full swing? When Rafael was gearing up for apocalypse 2.0 up in the clouds? When Amara was chugging up souls and Lucifer was walking around in other people's skin?
Dean is notably silent, shoulders stiff as he circles the car to join the other two on the edge of the sidewalk.
is a woman." Cas shifts in his seat, eyes roving out the window to the wet black, "But it- it's- it's more than that. She's not just his vessel. She's..."
He won't age with them, or have his own family, and he won't be able to die and find his loved ones in heaven waiting. There'll come a day when he must watch those he loves grow old and die, and he can't do it with them.
Cause it's not like he'd change anything. Sure, there've been some tough roads to cross, but shit like that builds up your character. If it wasn't for the three of them, none of the people they've saved would still be around. That means something, doesn't it? Even if they've gotta tough through a little bit of bad to get to that good deed.
"And if word got out that we did our part to save Sam and Dean Winchester, well... that's just good business, innit? And who knows. When all this is over, we might even be friends."
He shoves Dean's shoulder, and his brother huffs out a laugh.
The man hasn't even kept in touch over the phone. No calls. No texts. And Dean knows it's not just him. He hasn't kept up with Sam, either, much as he's hoped he has.
He knows their aliases by heart, and hastily breaks into the motel office to check the room number under any one of those such assumed names- leaving behind a shattered back window and various files scattered across the floorboards.
Lily nods, stiffly, that unshed tear streaming a small path down the length of her cheek, "Thank you."
There's an itch to rub his thumb in the heel of his palm again. It doesn't really work the same way it used to- not like when the wound was fresh and he could still feel that sting in the flesh.
“You want me to be your shoulder to cry on? You want me to spoon feed you every damn little thing you need to hear to stroke your
"I'm hanging up now."
"So you really don't remember anything?" Sam says, that half-smile on his mouth like he already knows Dean's a bullshitter.
hoped you'd kill your daddy!" She laughs, "Wouldn't that be a riot?"
The waitress, Wendy, hands off the menus- slightly sticky and minorly damp from a weak wipe of a cloth.
He reaches around and pulls his pistol from its home tucked at the small of his back, cocks it, steps over and around the splotches on the floor.
"We'll find them, Castiel."
”Sam…” John claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder, looking him in the eye, "If you’re willing enough to give that fresh start another shot...”
When he was done he took a pen and scrawled on the side: “Dean’s Top 13 Zepp Traxx”
John scoffs, taking another sip of coffee, smiling to himself, "Sure."
"Slow."
Dean must be gripping the wheel a little too tight or sitting a little too stiff, because he feels a tentative hand on his shoulder that instantly lowers all that tension. When he looks over at Cas, his eyes are softened with a wordless concern that's so genuine, Dean finds himself pulling in a shaky breath. He leans back, sits up straight, loosens his grip on the wheel, and even lets a hand drop to his thigh.
As always, drop a comment with your thoughts :) and a subscribe if you feel so inclined!
Trying to piece together an existence with people and keep them around and rely on the fact that they’ll always be there? There’s no quick and painless way about that. Not like death where maybe it’s instant or maybe it takes a few minutes or a few hours, but no matter what you’ll get to the same finish line.
"I made that call then, I'd still make it now. He coulda gone darkside, and what then? Who else was left to take care of it? If Sam had to be taken out, it had to be you, Dean."
With the newly freed up half of the bench, he should probably take the excuse to put some space between them, but he doesn't. Dean just barely scoots over- enough so his leg isn't borderline lapping Cas', but not so much their sides aren't still slotted up against each other. If this is any abnormality to Cas, he gives zero indication. Though, Cas doesn't seem to be in much mood to put up a fight about anything at the moment, apparently.
"Forget about it. Happy Thanksgiving, Cas." She folds her arms around him, the small smile touching her lips softer than she'd usually let anyone see. Cas holds her close, and presses two fingers to her forehead. She blinks up at him, looking a little bit more refreshed when she nods teasingly to Dean, "No wonder that one keeps you close."
"Ride a' some kind," Elka clicks her tongue, laughing, and shoves him off of her, planting her feet firm on the tile again.
echoes into the dark, against the building.
"Yeah, not gonna happen, Patches." Dean grunts out, keeping his eyes trained on her, weapon ready to fire at the slightest move to continue the angel slaying. She's closest to Cas, so odds are if she were to buck up and say fuck it, he's the first she'd dive towards- and that's
He reaches a hand out blindly, gripping for Sam's sleeve, "I can't see. Can't see."
already, believe me. You’re just the obvious target to point the blame.”
Charlie...
sure of it. And Dean has to remind himself not to shoot him a death glare about it. But still his heart sinks, throbbing dull in his chest.
Cas finds his way to his feet, following Crowley deeper into the room. Both crowd around the devil sprawled in the corner.
And he is. He really is. Sam is Dean's greatest accomplishment in this world. Of course, he can't take all the credit. A lot of it is just Sammy himself, but he hopes that some parts of him got that way because of Dean, too. He loves that kid so much his heart nearly breaks from it sometimes. Sam is
John lets out a huff of breath, "Why?" there's a pause, and his tone softens, "Cas, what's wrong?"
"Well, good. I'd rather you're not on that alone." He clears his throat, "Looks like we're picking up another case in the morning, though."
Dean's back stiffens, face resigned, stoic. Cas knows the meaning behind every single one of Dean's many faces, and this is him trying very very hard not to let his anger stop him from the task at hand. He continues filtering through the local surveillance footage before settling on a single black SUV crossing an intersection.
It used to work, sometimes. Maybe.
She just glares at him. "You know what I mean. You didn't even tell me the last time. I had to find out from some second-rate hunter talking smack about you two."
Cas' goodness. His pure intent and care.
She's humming now, swaying peacefully back and forth- or maybe it's just a way to keep herself calm. She’s kneeling upright, head tilted skyward at the cross. The tattered dress hangs over her shoulders, slit open from the back, blood-soaked and leaving the gaping wounds untended and uncovered.
Everyone else around him is going on completely the same as they had been before. No one noticed the angel and hunter kissing in the corner in their quiet little slice of time. It’s just as well.
"Alright, well..." He nods, gestures to share with the class, "I need something to keep me awake, so crank it up."
"Go to Hell!" Sam yells back.
On instinct, Sam wants to tell him he's wrong. To comfort him and say he was right the first time. That it's just been a bad stretch for all of them.
Cas looks up from the table, watching a grey SUV pass with a decal on its side reading: "Dr. Gregory Marion: Veterinarian" with an accompanying phone number. The vehicle pulls into a driveway beside a sign for the same clinic.
"If you start quoting some 'it's better to have loved and lost' crap, save it-"
"Well, we're working on that." He nods, offering a small smile, "Now, the day she died, was Olivia acting strange?"
And he starts to think the most dangerous thing a man like him
Ketch chuckles, looking to Cas, "You, Halo. Do you sense I'm lying?"
"Listen," He shuffles away from the house, scanning the trees for dad, "Magda is still alive."
"Shouldn't." John chuckles, taking a deep swig of his drink.
"Who is he to question my choices?" Ishim scoffs, "Who is he to question
Cas: (airplane emoji, airplane emoji, castle emoji, wave emoji, grin emoji, thumbs up emoji, truck emoji, home emoji, bed emoji)
The trunk is stuffed with headless corpses. It didn't take them long to clean up the lot before Sam, Jody, and the girls came rushing to the action. Claire had a blade in one hand, Kaia's hand in her other one, eyes wild, looking for a fight and disappointed when there wasn't one.
It's also, however, how he first started to realize the complexities that make up Dean Winchester in those early days of getting to know him. That complex mix of feelings and words is... well, it's come to have a sort of pull.
taught us."
With a parting wink, he vanishes- finally plummeting the evening in well-earned silence. A silence filled with nothing but the suffocating isolation of black coming in from every angle. Punctuated only by a dim red glow from the
"Okay,
He takes a deep slurp of his coffee. Sam looks like he doesn't quite believe it, but agrees anyway.
"Yeah. What, you don't? I mean, come on, Sam, it's not like we're in the 'live 'til you're 90, die in your sleep' business." Dean turns back to the newspaper clippings scrapbooked to the wall- it's a mess of typed up bloody horror shows. The foundation of what their measly lives have been built upon. He sweeps his hand across it, "This? This only ends one way."
Dean: Give Cas his phone back
Dean starts palming at Cas' trenchcoat curiously, unpracticed fingers grazing over its folds like it's something new to him. He chuckles, not even bothering to attempt knocking away Cas' palm from his forehead, "So many pockets."
"Can we just quit
"We...
Dean knows that this statement isn't a real "break," it's a "this is my exit" without actually saying it. It's an exit without the formal goodbye or the asking permission. It's an exit where in three months life will be different from what it's been for their past thirty-some-odd years. But neither of the brothers will resent the other for their choices from hereon out. It's an exit saying, I want this, and I hope you want it for me too. But they don't say any of that because this isn't one of their exits that requires goodbyes or deathbed promises, it's a start to a life.
That's good. Maybe when Dean's all done, those two can have another go at it. A better run this time without him getting in the middle so much and tugging Sam in different directions.
the monsters?"
"Technically I didn't ask anything..." Dean riffs, trailing off, "And I didn't hear any advice."
Dean nods, worrying at his lip with his teeth, "Had to do that alone, huh?"
does that make Dean? And now here he is, being a shitty friend yet again just because he's mad at him for
Cas can't do that. He's proven that already...
"No, Dean. Look, the morgue opens in, like, ten minutes." He flicks his wrist, checking his watch as Dean takes down his last gulp of coffee.
"Guy's
Dean feels a little guilty about all that. He couldn't have
He starts pocketing the phone, missing the opening in his jacket once. That's Dean starting to panic. It's small. Barely noticeable, really, but they're both thinking it- Cas might be already dead for all they know. Ishim doesn't have any reason to suspect they'd come back and take him out, but it had to have been a thought to pass through his mind. Maybe he figured, either way, he could just take Cas out to cover his own skin. Then, when Sam and Dean roll back to the church, he'd take them out, too. Try to, at least. Guy clearly underestimates the hell out of simple humans.
" Now Cas is the flustered of the pair. He shifts in his seat and swallows, a small part of him twinging that someone else seeing them in such a way would be so disturbing to Dean, "That bothers you."
“Okay. Good.” He nods, watching Jack and Ennis sit bicep to bicep at the bartop. Cas drops his gaze away from Dean's profile, back to the screen.
"Stand up," John says evenly, in that too-calm tone that's both threatening and reassuring. Marion does as he's told.
"Demon?" Damn. His money was on a witch.
She perks up at the end, same as the boys. Dean, especially, nods enthusiastically, "Yes, alright!" He snaps his fingers, holding back a grin, "Oh... since the last time we saw you? I killed Hitler."
"What do you mean?"
"Wow," Dean circles to the other side, pulling his desk chair with him, "Really can't get one past you-"
What's it matter to you?" He takes a full bite of his burger, ketchup and pickle sloughing out the side and onto his cheek and hands.
know what it meant to Dean to just hold his hand like a touched starved nun. It could be explained away as some isolation madness seeping out, easy.
Damn, why are there so many doors in this place? Everything looks the same.
He holds John's eyes just a second more, then turns on his heel, far too aware of every movement in his body. He shakes out his shoulders, straightening up, wiping a hand down his face as though doing that will wipe the uneasiness straight off.
"Don't forget to fill her up." Dean says, patting the side of the truck. He tucks his hands back down in his jeans. That's turning into a nervous habit now.
She, too, parts ways from the boys, but not without a quick squeeze of Sam's arm before heading to the opposite end of the living room towards someone she probably knows. Dean doesn't know any of these people. Usually he's in his element at a shindig like this, but the lack of friendly faces makes him realize just how many other hunters there are out there that they've simply never come across.
Cas rolls his eyes and glares at the demon, putting his phone to sleep and dipping it deep into his pocket.
"It's a yes. It's obviously-" He drops Cas' hand. "You know what, nevermind, I revoke your music-picking privileges."
"So..." Crowley says, "Vince was here. Yesterday."
Billie circles the fire, smoke billowing across her face.
Cas hangs up.
Dean takes a right, heading down a hallway towards the back of the house. He's running on pure instinct, and as luck would have it, he comes into a small room ripe with dishes messily strewn in the sink, a few hunters spotted at the dining table surrounded by empty bottles, and an ugly red wallpaper to bring the room together.
"Mr. Winchester-" Mick takes a step forward, and both John and Cas shift on their feet, straightening up, "John- I came to this country to do one thing - make friends. But you American hunters, you're- you're a different breed than our sort. You're surly, suspicious."
. He lifts his left leg, using the side of his boot to land a solid hit against the side of John's knee, sending him down.
A strange vehicle sits out front, but after a short inspection there's no one inside and no sign of Sam or any other unconscious beings, so he deems it irrelevant for now. He heads to the front door, down to the next, and creaks it open to a serene, empty room.
"Cas-" Dean warns. Cas tosses the guy onto the car, so he's at least not holding up his entire weight, and hovers over him.
Friends could do that kind of thing together. Lay in the same bed. That’s not weird. Except maybe it’s weird for
"I am not a child-"
to have any conversations with you."
"Mmhm," She eyes him, but smiles, turning to flip the bacon, "I can read you like a book, Dean Winchester. Somethin's up."
John nods, face stone, ”The demon blood...”
“Yeah.”
"How?" Sam asks.
"Yes."
Eileen: Figures (Side-eye emoji)
In purgatory he only ever prayed earlier in the day when he'd been having a particularly hard one. Sometimes he even begged Cas to find him, to come back to him. Those times were hardest to keep his distance.
... a lot. About me."
Finally, he finds Claire and Kaia settled in a couple of folding chairs beside a makeshift fire pit that's still unlit. They're cozied up close, heads touching in deep conversation, and... oh, holding hands. That's new. The two notice his approach and look up, Claire with that troublemaking smirk and Kaia more sheepish. He points at where their hands are clasped together and waves a finger between the two of them as if in question. Claire raises an eyebrow, waiting.
He pauses, uncertain, then mutters, lower, questioning, "Are we still discussing the same thing?"
They spend another hour like that before Dean figures he should head inside. The guilt is starting to weigh down on him for just hanging out like a regular joe when Sammy's out God knows where probably being horribly tortured and thinking his brother has been dead for days.
Jody grins from the stove, “Howdy party animal. How’re you feeling today?”
"Right..." He turns, heading towards the woods, "Come on."
"Who the hell was that?"
still your father.”
"I didn't realize this was still here," Cas says incredulously, almost to himself.
can of worms.
Guess he's garnering a sort of reputation now for running away for long periods of time, since they just think Dean's nothing but a bundle of anger these days.
There will be some images within this chapter for text messages. If for whatever reason you can't view them - you should be able to - I'm also posting what they say at the notes at the end of the chapter.
In the end, there's nothing except Sam's wrecked face streaked with tears carving rivers through the drying blood.
Fuck this.
A fresh huff of anger to her step, she wordlessly retreats back to her table.
always coming and someone they love caught in the crosshairs.
He tugs his gun from his belt, keeping it just low enough it’s out of sight as he cocks it- raises it directly in the air, firing off one quick shot before diving down again to bury the weapon in the folds of his jacket, “He’s got a gun!”
Crowley peeks up the staircase to the second story and pauses, turning back to Cas and nodding as though he should take the lead. Cas simply holds his ground and glares at him. He's not trying to lead anything. Crowley dramatically rolls his eyes, but marches forward, ignoring the staircase altogether to instead circle it and trudge on towards the kitchen. Both keep their eyes roaming and peeled.
Dean snorts, rolling his eyes, “There’s plenty of
There's gotta be something- some way to get through if his own strength isn't enough... He looks around, eyes wildly searching for anything that could help- and lands on a stone statue of a lion to the right of the door. He picks it up, launches it against the door.
Sam's light brushes over a tree trunk, highlighting a dark, bloodied handprint on the side, "Hey-" he moves his beam up the tree. There's a round embedded in the bark a few feet above the blood.
"Found these," Crowley holds up a few cards- Christmas cards, looks like, "Postcards from his beloved sister Wendy." He leafs through a couple, playing up his find with over-interest, "Oh, lookie here. An address and everything. Worth a look."
hasn't been exactly that- two idiots refusing to get their heads from their asses for, again,
"You wouldn't believe me, and I have no clue. Uh..." He peers around, looking to Sam who's got his hands on a map, unfolding it.
Dean rolls his eyes, making like he's about to walk away, but Sam catches him, palm on his chest.
"You carried it from the woods?"
Big beam of light or whatever, pond's just a tiny pond. Us? We get the little things and they feel a lot bigger."
If he was roofied, he wouldn't remember where the hell that was, either. Maybe close to that park, wherever that was this morning.
, of all people. And after all this time.
is not the first reaction he'd have topped that list with. Annoyance, anger... or a blanket type of business-as-usual being the most likely of any-
Even after everything Cas had done to him, it was meaningful enough that he'd kept it at all, but to hold so much care in it?
"Pizza's on the way." She grins, then turns to Dean and Cas, eyeballing their bloodied chests, "I had Alex grab some clothes from the basement, just stuff I was gonna get rid of anyway, so... it's waiting in the bathroom for ya."
He exhales a long breath, palms sliding on his knees, and shrugs, "Relieved. Of all that we've gone against... this felt almost..."
Randy and Bucky clocking through Cas' past mistakes so easily, like these actions haven't entirely changed the trajectory of all their lives- something in Dean's gut churned at it, triggering some kind of dormant protectiveness over an angel that no one really seems to think of as a person.
Dean wonders again how on Earth he ever got so lucky.
The father and son pick up their lanterns again, retreating out of the barn, finally leaving Sam to exit.
Short, curt. "That was different."
Ca-         Cas-
his friend, and he's done a shit job at showing that these days, but if he really wants to nail it home, it's not like Cas'll know the difference.
Dean brings a hand to Cas' cheek, sliding his thumb lightly up the angel's cheekbone. He moves in closer and feels Cas' heart thrumming erratically beneath his fingertips as they brush the angel's neck. Cas stares, just stares at Dean, and he's completely frozen, but when Dean is mere inches away his eyes flutter closed with a stuttered breath. He brings both hands up to grasp at Dean's flannel, just holding on. Dean brings his lips to Cas' opposite cheek, planting the lightest of kisses beneath his eye.
Calloused hands pull him back in by the collar of his shirt, and Ennis puts his fists on Jack's chest- but he lets it happen because part of him
The next couple chapters will take a bit of time bc I’ve barely started the Lily Sunder chapter outside of a couple of small scenes. And Regarding Dean I wanna make sure I get right, though I do have quite a bit of that one done already.
A sleek black car. But he remembers thinking- the wrong sleek black car. It was an odd thought to have. But, just like his trust in this stranger named Dean, he didn't spend too much time thinking about it.
He lets out a breath and drops his gaze to his fingers wrapping around the glass, twirling it in a circle, considering. Because, really, he's not sure. His relationship with Sam has been built steadily over time due to a mutual wariness born purely of situational contrast. Dean, really, is where the mutual trust and respect had been born and feathered out from there.
He'd just kept seeing the stupid little heartbreak emoji and he
He laughs, peeking over to Cas, "You're telling me."
He's hyperaware then, just how closely Cas is actually standing to him. There's a whole field of space that he could be standing in instead of
"You get him here, we'll take care of the rest."
"What ill has befallen the brothers Winchester this time?"
Sam's nervous- looking on at Dean with the soft puppy eyes of a little brother. Not a killer. It's all Dean can do not to mirror that look, because he's got a feeling that this time won't be like the last few behind bars.
So Sam’s little judgment bitchface and harsh frown? Started sticking circa the teen years if for no other reason than a way to blatantly shame Dean into looking out for himself.
"But humans form negative prejudices against one another even within their own species..." He turns to Dean, no judgement there- just pure curiosity, "Does it makes sense to you, Dean?"
is the one with the big love declaration.
"What... what happened? Where- where are you?" His disbelief rises to defiance as the words come out.
"Yes ma'am," He echoes.
"Huh," Dean nods at that, like it makes sense. Normal Dean would have something sharp to say about that- this one doesn't much care about the implications of the siren. Interesting.
“Yeah," He grunts out, short, "Hold on a sec." There's more rustling on the other end, and the sound of boots crunching rapidly in the dirt. It finally stops with the Impala door opening and shutting, punctuated by a peaceful sigh.
"I'm saying maybe if we find her," Sam says delicately, "We can explain to her that you're different now, you know?"
"This is like live Skinemax or..." He chuckles, looking between them.
Dean listens. It's a love song mixing acoustic guitar with the organ to create something outside both- a fast uptempo in some places and slower focus on vocals in parts between. It's... hopeful, almost. That's always how he's thought of it. An optimistic type of love song.
For some reason a small part of Dean thinks anytime the angel moves he's gonna reach out and touch him. Of course he doesn’t, though. Which leaves Dean equal parts relieved and disappointed.
He pretends to see it anyway, but it's not fooling Cas. He's got that dumb smile on his face that he thinks he hides well when he sees Dean being funny but doesn't want to let him know that he thinks so.
He's not so sure he
Those words from a man like John mean so little it's almost laughable. Another stale regurgitation from that lot all those weeks ago... "
What is Dean trying to say? He doesn’t know. It was more of an observation than anything. Not a scolding. But now he can’t stop thinking about it. They both look at each other so much. And that’s not normal. But somehow it’s not gay either. Is it?
"Yeah, I know-"
"Well, whatever he was, looks like he, uh, certainly made one hell of a..." Dean snaps his fingers, searching for the word, "Uh..."
John's lips curl back in disgust the same moment the elevator dings and Crowley slips out with a wink. Leaving John gaping before he’s able to form a retort or stab him for his troubles.
‘Yeah, seems I’m not good enough for Cas,’ Deans says, because he hasn’t made
.’ Cas kisses the hinge of Dean’s jaw. ‘You’re so beautiful, so
‘I’m trying to get your shirt off here.’
Castiel isn’t tired—he doesn’t weary the way humans do—but he feels the exertion all the same. He knows Dean feels it, too, if the stiffness in his gait is anything to go by.
Dean starts to protest—he’s relaxed plenty, already—but Cas runs his hands up Dean’s chest and continues:
‘At least let me bandage your ankle first.’
Cas is Dean’s first real friend. It feels pathetic to admit that at his age, but it’s true. He’s had buddies before, some closer than others, and there’s Sam and Bobby, but they’re family. Cas is a friend of Dean’s own, someone he can rely on, someone he can confide in, have fun with. (And that’s a strange revelation, that Castiel is
And it’s true. They touch more, now—casual touches and hugs and leaning into each other more when they watch movies or sit together to eat. And they sometimes wake up tangled together, drawn to each other in sleep. But they don’t cuddle on purpose.
‘All right,’ Cas says, voice low and rough.
. Did future-Dean knock up an angel? A dude angel? Could he even… Oh, god. What if it was it the other way—
Rain lashes the roof and the sides of the cabin, thunder rumbles in the distance; Castiel tries to crowd Dean toward the sofa, but Dean outmanoeuvres him, heading for the spiral staircase that leads to the loft bedroom.
‘Sam already knows.’
When Cas doesn’t say anything else, Dean walks away, but he pauses by the door. Turns back to look at Cas. His breath hitches and he thinks about saying it, now, no matter that the timing feels off. ‘Cas, I’m…’ He sighs. ‘I’m real glad you’re here.’
‘It’s just one of those things, there’s nothing to do.’ Dean shrugs and adds, ‘Except drown all the bad shit in whisky, I guess.’
‘And the homoeroticism.’
Dean coughs against the flutter in his chest and says, ‘Home it is,’ sliding into his seat and turning the ignition.
Pleasure bolts up his spine, white-hot and electric. His hips cant up, and Dean lets him, encourages him, his fingers digging into Castiel’s ass, urging him closer. He wants this to last forever, but even with his limited experience, he knows that it won’t, especially if Dean doesn’t stop.
not into having sex, that’s fine. I don’t care that much.’
‘It’s…OK.’
‘Um, well,’ Jack says, ‘I guess I wanted to?’ When Dean only raises his brows, Jack adds, ‘Cas looked after my mother when she was pregnant. So, I knew him, before I was born, and— And he was good and kind and I wanted to be like him.’
The only difference, today, is Cas spends more of the day by his side than usual, which Dean is definitely not complaining about. Cas suggests they clear out some old filing cabinets, making short work of it, and after lunch, they manage to sneak away for some afternoon delight, which is as much Cas’s idea as it is Dean’s. It leads to another shower, where they go for round two, their skin slick beneath the warm spray of water.
‘Then what’s up? We’ve barely spoken since you got back. I thought, after… That we would—’ Dean swallows. He lets the unsaid words hang between them, not sure if he wants to speak them, or let them fade away. Cas’s expression is guarded but there’s curiosity in there, too. Maybe something hopeful.
‘I just want to go home,’ Jack says. Quietly at first, so that it barely registers to Dean. But when Dean and Cas and Sam keep talking, he says it again, ‘I want to go
, Cas reaches past him for the washcloth, squeezing it so water trickles down Dean’s chest. He runs the cloth over Dean’s chest, paying too much attention to his nipples to pass as cleaning—a slow drag of rough fabric along over-sensitised skin—until Dean is squirming.
Even in his most secret, desperate dreams he never imagined it feeling like this. A liquid warmth suffuses him, starting in his core and spreading out until he would fear falling into a blissed-out trance if he weren’t so wary of making Dean uncomfortable.
They move around each other awkwardly for the remainder of the day, which sucks because there’s usually an easiness to being with Cas. Always has been. Even when there’s tension and words unsaid. There have been awkward
‘Didn’t I always tell you not to do that crap, anyway?’
Dean catches Cas’s eye across the shimmer of heat wafting up from the candles and knows he doesn’t need to make a wish as he blows each and every candle out. Everyone claps and cheers and then slices of cake are passed around.
‘You didn’t.’
‘You…don’t mind Sam knowing.’ Cas swallows. ‘About us.’
‘Yeah, not my thing.’ Dean’s lips quirk. ‘I meant help with your back.’ When Cas only tilts his head, Dean nods at the bed and says, ‘Just…sit down.’
‘Turn the damn—’ Dean reaches out and snatches the remote from Cas, fumbling until he presses the power button. He’s breathing too fast, too harsh. No, he can’t breathe at all.
‘Yeah, well, you saved me more times than I can count, so…’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, tongue between his teeth, ‘I am.’
He goes hot.
Castiel has just eliminated all the big-nosed characters when Dean says, ‘Cas…’
Neither of them moves, stuck in one of their infamous staring matches. And maybe it’s the way Cas is looking at him, or how Dean hates the thought of him being in pain, or maybe he’s finally snapped under the pressure of twelve years of pent-up tension and barely suppressed feelings, but he says, ‘Maybe I can help.’
‘Gonna let me take care of you now?’
‘I honestly don’t know.’
Castiel trusts that he is, but he wonders what it feels like for Dean. It’s incredible for him—not just physically, but to be so
‘Wings.’
Dean fights back a groan—he doesn’t get movies where people break into song for no good reason—but he’s already been an asshole once, tonight. And Cas looks easier than he did in the kitchen, and if Cas says it’s an important part of the culture then, what the hell. Dean can deal with it.
Shit. Dean doesn’t have an answer that doesn’t sound stupid or too revealing. ‘Well, you’re the one with insomnia.’ He coughs. ‘Doesn’t feel fair.’
Dean huffs and gives a half-hearted smile that Castiel can’t read, then claps his hands. ‘Right. Wanna scope out the area?’
There’s another stunned silence and then everyone starts talking at once:
trembling. ‘That was… No problems there. Heh.’ He licks his lips. ‘But not really a first date kiss.’
So, he follows Dean out of bed, and into the kitchen for one last breakfast alone.
The cabin is tucked behind a copse of pine trees at the end of a narrow, winding road, barely wider than the Impala. Dean had handled the twists and turns as deftly as ever, a particular easiness in him that Castiel only sees when he’s driving. Castiel had relished the chance to watch from the passenger seat, barely paying attention to the passing scenery, basking in Dean’s calm, despite his own apprehension at being alone with Dean after his confession.
It takes a moment for the words to sink in, but when they do Castiel reluctantly moves back and lifts his shirt over his head, throwing it off to the side. Pride wells up within him at the hungry look in Dean’s eyes as they rake over Castiel’s chest, his arms, his stomach.
It would be easy to think that they are the only people in the world out here with nothing but trees surrounding them as they make their way through the woods. It’s peaceful, but not lonely, though Castiel could never be lonely by Dean’s side. No matter how much he longs for more.
‘I wouldn’t hurt Dean. And I sent myself.’
A gusty sigh and Cas relents, saying, ‘Wherever’s easiest.’
And then there’s warmth at his side and Cas saying, ‘Are you OK?’ soft and low, and Dean can’t take it.
Cas smiles, looking into Dean,
‘Morning,’ Dean says, a little too loud.
‘Are they hunting?’
‘Hm?’
‘Do I really have to spell it out? After the back rubs and the jacket and everything I said about you being gone…’ Dean runs a hand over his face. ‘I mean, why do you think?’
It feels like flying and falling all at once. When they part, Dean looks at him like he’s something precious, and Castiel realises it was always there.
‘I think something went wrong,’ Jack says.
‘You have nothing to apologise for. You— I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you.’
Cas starts to turn away, saying, ‘Sorry, I assumed you—’ but he pauses at the thunk of Dean’s boots hitting the floor. ‘What are you doing?’
‘I—’ Cas looks at Dean, silently asking what they should do.
Moments go by before Cas says, ‘I— You probably don’t need me anymore,’ and starts to move away.
‘Yes.’ Cas presses a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. ‘Now go to sleep.’
There are things Dean wants. (People, places, feelings. Things he wants for the first time, things he wants in new ways.)
Castiel’s hand pauses on Dean’s hip. ‘Really?’
‘But won’t it be inconvenient, putting them up in your room, then bringing them back again?
but the desire had little shape beyond
They kiss again, deeper and hotter, Dean’s fingers curling behind the hinge of Cas’s jaw and Cas’s hands coming up to grip Dean’s waist. A frisson of desire shoots down Dean’s spine, liquid hot and something he hasn’t felt in a long, long time. It’s heady and Dean wants more, doesn’t care if it’s too fast.
Dean grins and swipes the bottle. He shuffles onto the edge of the blanket, heels dug into the sand, and when Cas meets his eye, Dean gives a jerk of his head.
‘No, Dean, he can’t be. It wasn’t wrong.’ Cas looks stricken, and Dean doesn’t know if it’s at the revelation of what he tells Jack in the future, about that other Nephilim, or that Jack must really be his son. Cas gathers himself and says, ‘I would never have relations with a human!’
him. He shakes his head and says, ‘It’s not funny.’ It’s cute, is what it is. Sweet. He doesn’t know why he can’t tell Cas that but baby steps, right?
When Dean doesn’t finish the sentence, Cas says, tentatively, ‘Was it because I mentioned Charlie? Is that why you got upset?’
‘Sorry,’ Castiel says, slipping his hands down to rub Dean’s back.
‘Uh, yeah, did you really think I wouldn’t?’
Cas fixes Dean with a withering look. Dean wants to kiss him.
Sam rolls his eyes and groans. ‘OK, so, normally I’d agree about asking first. But Cas couldn’t have telegraphed his intentions any louder.’
‘It’s a good jacket.’ Dean doesn’t look at Cas. He can’t.
But the visions of Dean’s nightmare swarm up in his mind again and he has to cut his gaze away.
‘Yeah, I wanted to! Why else would I do it?’
‘I guess not…’ Dean thinks about it. Every moment he’s been with Cas over the past twelve years. The pain, the joy, the fun. ‘No, no I don’t,’ he says, ‘but what about when we weren’t together? All the time we spent apart because we— I was stubborn or—’
‘How do we play?’ he asks, and Dean explains.
‘You should go, though. If you want.’
Dean stares at the empty space dumbly. What the fuck is going on?
‘Okay.’ Cas settles on his back, one arm resting by his side, the other stretched out in invitation. He looks so—
‘You know,’ he says, ‘I always wondered…’
Dean hums and then pulls Castiel into a soft, languid kiss. ‘You know,’ he says after, ‘it wouldn’t take long to move—‘
‘I wasn’t sure what to have engraved on it, nothing seemed adequate and, honestly, I wasn’t sure what to get you at all and—’
A sly, pleased look replaces Dean’s concern and he looks Castiel up and down. ‘Find a new kink, huh?’
‘Wait upstairs, I won’t be long.’
So, Castiel adds more lube and slides his finger in all the way and when Dean asks for more, he adds another. He crooks them, and Dean lets out a wet gasp, rocking his hips down. It’s the most arousing thing Castiel has ever seen, so he crooks his fingers again, and again.
As they dissolve into fits of giggles, Dean realises how stupid it was to get so hung up about this. It’s
?’ At Castiel’s silence, he adds, ‘The movie.
Baby purrs to life and Dean pulls out of the parking lot.
This time, Dean stops him with a hand on his arm. ’Okay, Cas, what’s going on?’
‘You’re hurt.’
‘What?’ Dean talks over Jack, still focussed on Cas. ‘Am I not good enough to be your baby daddy?’
‘OK.’ Dean chooses to believe him but makes a mental note to keep better track.
Cas’s lips twitch. ‘I believe people sometimes decorate their sandcastles once they’re done.’
‘Look, we’ll figure this out. We always do.’
It’s not until the last morning that it breaks. Castiel rolls his hips leisurely, pressing a kiss to Dean’s shoulder, hand curled over Dean’s cock.
‘Here, let me,’ Castiel says, holding out a hand.
But Castiel doesn’t have to think of anything to say, because Dean speaks up, saying, ‘Hey, you know, I’m pretty beat,’ and pushing himself to his knees. He jerks a thumb over his shoulder. ‘Think I’ll go up to bed.’
‘Yes, I do.’ Castiel draws in a shuddering breath. ‘But things are still different between us now, aren’t they? I’ve been your friend so long, I don’t know how to be…’ A boyfriend, lover, all human words that could never encompass what they are.
Dean’s heart beats hard. ‘You proposing?’
A small smile tilts Dean’s lips at
It takes Dean a few moments to tear his gaze away from where it’s boring into the wall to look at Castiel. He turns slowly and says, ‘Hey,’ a wrongness to his voice.
He waits, and waits, but Cas doesn’t come and Dean spends the small hours staring at his ceiling, headphones snug around his head, blasting his favourite tunes. But even Zeppelin can’t chase away the what-ifs still running through his mind.
‘I’m not a bad kisser,’ Cas says, but he doesn’t sound entirely sure.
Couple of notes about the movies:
, and Castiel knows he’s awake.
Maybe Castiel has gone too far with the teasing, prodded a sore spot he hadn’t realised was sore. ‘No, you don’t.’
‘Well, I’m 42, and that’s the answer to the ultimate question, you think everything will just…’ He waves a hand. ‘Make sense?’ He adds a wink for good measure but Cas only tilts his head.
Two minutes later, he gets back up, switching them again. ‘That’s better,’ he says, sliding into bed.
‘I said, it’s okay if you don’t feel the same.’
There’s a hint of smugness in Cas’s smile, now, and a twinkle in his eye. He leans in close and says, ‘I’m not wearing pointy ears for you.’
Castiel’s heart clenches, and he touches Dean’s elbow gently. ‘Neither do I. Even less than you.’
Cas doesn’t look convinced but he says, ‘OK,’ and then, ‘Are you ready to go back to the party?’ in a way that suggests he’s wondering if Dean is worse off than he’s letting on with all his rambling about 42.
The room is spinning and Dean’s throat is tight and his head is hot and his legs are buckling and—
Dean gives him a smug little smile that makes irritation flicker in Castiel’s chest and turns away, busying himself with readying the food. Despite the start, it’s pleasant to work with Dean like this. They’ve always made a good team, Castiel just never thought it could translate to something so domestic.
‘OK.’ Cas shifts his weight. ‘Dean?’
And it is, but even as their cocks slide against each other, it’s still not enough—they’re not
But Cas curls a gentle hand around his wrist and says, ‘Dean, is something wrong?’
‘It’s still true this morning.’ Castiel runs a hand down Dean’s side; Dean shivers, eyes fluttering. ‘So very beautiful.’
‘I’m not leaving you again.’
Cas takes a half-step forward. ‘Dean?’
Cas hums.
‘That good or bad?’
‘Wow,’ Dean says.
Guilt tugs behind Dean’s ribs, but he doesn’t know what to say. He’s so
‘Oh. Well…’ There’s a hollow feeling in Dean’s gut and, shit, he should’ve asked Cas first instead of assuming, but he’d thought— ‘Figured we’d make it, you know, permanent.’
‘Tell who what?’ Cas says.
‘I’m not worth it, Cas,’ Dean says. That same old song.
‘Do you like this?’ Cas asks, fingers tickling down the back of Dean’s neck, then returning to push through his hair again.
‘About the hunt? Like Sam said, it was routine. No big deal.’
‘Well, I’ve seen a lot of time travel movies, and I just realised that I probably shouldn’t tell you anything. What if I mess up the future?’
Dean’s eyes clear. ‘Yeah,’ he says, chewing on his lip. ‘I just…really wanted this whole thing to be perfect for you.’
Dean brings his hand up to Cas’s chest to push him away but somehow fists his hand in Cas’s shirt and pulls him closer instead. Cas’s lips are soft and warm, and he kisses like— Like— Fuck, Dean has no clue, but it’s lighting him on fire.
to him.
‘No,’ Dean says to his knees, ‘it was routine, like I said.’
‘Hm?’
‘No, it’s…’ Hope and doubt still war within Castiel, but it’s the doubt that speaks when he says, ‘I never expected you to feel the same way, Dean. So, if you brought me out here to soften the blow, it’s okay. We can still be friends. Nothing has to change.’
‘Hey, I can appreciate nature.’
less experienced.’ Cas rests his hands on Dean’s forearms, gently tugging but Dean keeps his arms folded. ‘It doesn’t bother me.’
‘Hm?’
‘I’m not going to bed.’ Castiel tilts his chin up. ‘I want to know why you kicked the fireplace and why you’ve been so…strange.’
‘She knows that already.’
‘Yes,’ Cas says, ‘it does.’
‘Why did I hold your hand?’
That the position also hides his dick is a bonus.
, of course it is, but Dean doesn’t know how to explain that, now. Suddenly, he’s tired and wrung out. ‘Cas—’ He leans forward, into Cas, and whispers, ‘I’m sorry.’
. Awkwardness and Cas avoiding him and, sure, Dean could ask him why, but he’s not sure he wants the answer. What if Cas regrets…
‘I kind of do.’
‘I don’t know what to say,’ Castiel admits.
It’s an understatement, but Dean stops himself from saying so. Instead, he reaches out to tip the brim of Jack’s hat down and says, ‘It’s getting there, kiddo.’ Jack pushes his hat back, smiling up at Dean; Cas throws Dean a grateful glance.
‘Nah.’
Because the thing is, beneath the crazy, Cas is still Cas. And Dean would rather have him, cursed or not.
‘Because I’d rather be kissing someone else.’
trust him—in a way he rarely does.
‘Dean—’
‘Why not?’
‘Seriously?’
‘By the lake. You said you wanted to talk.’
But the point is he was always good, new or not. Ninety per cent of the time. And he wants this to be good for Cas. Not awkward and fumbling. He pulls back again. ‘You OK?’
Dean gives him a little salute and settles in at the table. He jiggles his knee until Cas rests a hand on it. The look he gives Dean is too knowing and Dean lets out a breath. He’s just not used to people doing things like this for him. But soon they’re all sitting at the table, eating his birthday breakfast, and Dean can forget the niggling doubt that he’s not deserving of this as he shovels bacon and eggs into his mouth.
Waves lap at the shore, gracing it with their kiss, only to withdraw coyly moments later. But they always return, over and over, inevitable and true. They tickle Dean’s toes where they’re sunk into the silky sand, cooling his sun-warmed skin.
Dean chuckles and Cas rolls his eyes. ‘Yeah, we’re decent,’ Dean says.
A rush of affection hits him so hard that, for the first time in days, it’s not fear or awkwardness or not being able to find Cas that stills his tongue, but
which is my SPN tumblr - it’s mostly me reblogging things but I do post my fics there and my art, sometimes or
‘Yes, but… You didn’t even wash it.’
Beneath the white static of his orgasm, there is the refrain:
‘Yes, I just…’ Castiel’s brow furrows; he runs his hands up Dean’s spine, back down to settle on his ass. ‘I want to be closer.’
Oh crap. Dean has no idea how angel sex even
.’ Dean crosses his arms. The splay of Cas’s long fingers on his thighs is both distracting and appealing. He clears his throat. ‘Just a little rusty. Maybe.’
‘That feels nice.’
Silence settles over them. The popping of the corn has slowed, and the scent has a hint of burnt about it, now. Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, once, then slips his hand away. ‘The popcorn is burning,’ he murmurs, pushing off the counter, and Dean is left adrift again.
Dean’s heart thuds. ‘Do you?’
Later, Sam and Eileen will build their castle and they’ll let Jack help and they’ll declare the castles equally good. Then they’ll all watch the sunset together, and, when Sam, Eileen and Jack have gone to their rooms, Dean and Cas will take a walk down the beach hand in hand.
The next parts will be posted weekly - I’ve listed it as 3 parts, for now, but it may be 4!
‘Sure.’ Dean stares at Cas, but when he doesn’t break, he says, ‘C’mon, Cas, the jig is up. What’ve you got planned?’
‘Hey! I didn’t say I’d be
‘It’s OK,’ Castiel says, watching the wine soak into his pants. Red spreading over heathered grey like blood. He likes these pants. Dean’s words sink in, and he blinks up at him. ‘You
, now.
There are a few moments of silence, where Dean thinks of all the things Jack could have done, and trying to figure out how they can fix it, before Jack says, ‘Time travel.’
Dean rolls his eyes and tries to put them back, but easily relents at the look Cas gives him, and the tea stays. ‘That lady’—Dean jerks a thumb in the direction the woman had gone off in—‘she called us husbands.’
‘Did you
‘Yes,’ Cas says. ‘Are
‘Mm. G’night, Cas.’
The concern ebbs a little as Cas digs into his breakfast, pausing only to raise a brow at how it’s smiling up at him. At least he hasn’t lost his appetite and, more than that, part of Dean had worried that Cas would slink off, leave Dean alone again.
Oh, and as I mentioned in the first chapter, I
There’s a shift in the air and a cracking sound and Dean blinks. He looks at Sam and Cas and says, ‘Hey, when did you guys get here?’
‘Yes,’ Cas says, ‘the offspring of a human and an angel. They are…monsters.’
‘You, uh’—Dean licks his lips—‘need a hand with anything?’
‘Yeah, he’s been texting me flat out, too.’
‘To the day,’ Dean says. ‘Checked my phone.’ He huffs a rueful laugh and adds, ‘Happy anniversary,’ with a flourish of his hands.
Castiel flushes. Yet another sign he’s more on the human side of things, now. ‘They’ve been…damaged for a while. But they’re worse at the moment,’ he admits reluctantly.
Dean shakes his head, letting out a low, rueful laugh. ‘Yeah, there’s a lot of that going around.’
‘I’m good,’ Dean says.
From the corner of his eye, Dean sees Cas flinch. ‘That’s fair,’ Cas says.
, but it sets Dean’s mind wandering. He and Cas have been together close to two years—which…wow—and he still doesn’t know what, exactly, to call him. He usually goes for boyfriend, but it doesn’t seem
‘She was,’ Cas says, but gives little else away.
He ignores the gnawing want in the pit of his stomach, the voice that asks why shouldn’t he want more, and says, ‘Dean?’ surprised at how steady his voice is.
‘Hm?’ Cas is eyeing the selection of herbal teas and plucks several off the shelf, putting them in the cart.
Castiel bites kisses into the soft skin, from the juncture of his shoulder, to just under his jaw, trailing softer ones over Dean’s chin until he finally captures his mouth again.
‘Hey.’ Sam holds up his hands. ‘Don’t look at me.’ He blanches. ‘I think.’
Dean huffs. He loves the kid, to the moon and back, but, damn, he’s weird sometimes. Just like his dad. His
Dean chews his lip. ‘I guess I didn’t think you wanted to.’ It’s partly true, but he also hadn’t wanted to seem clingy or make it weird. ‘I mean, you never…’ he trails off, feeling like a dick.
‘I don’t know what it is, Dean. I…suppose I’m worried about Jack.’
at me.’ Weariness and irritation pull at Castiel, but he’s curious, too, so he crosses his arms and says, ‘Why did you kick it?’
Dean gives him another crooked grin. ‘Damn, you’re a possessive bastard, you know.’
The smile Cas gives him, then, is self-satisfied and Dean rolls his eyes but he gets it, gets Cas’s concern. Cas is closer to human than angel, now, and sometimes freaks out about it. Dean tends to bear the brunt of it, with Cas nagging at him to take better care of himself, but it’s weirdly nice in a way. And part of him still feels guilty he wasn’t there for Cas last time, so if this is what it takes for Cas to adjust, then Dean can stand a little nagging.
‘It’s fine.’
. ‘Did I…’
‘Yes. Something went wrong when you came here to harm this man. Who sent you?’
Instead of asking Dean, though, he pushes his concerns aside, waiting for Dean to bring them up (and hoping he won’t). And it’s so easy to lose himself in Dean and their happiness together, easy to convince himself there is nothing weighing on his mind at all.
Castiel snorts, pulling Dean closer still, hooking his foot over Dean’s ankle. He relishes the warmth of Dean’s body against his and the light mood Dean is in this morning. ‘You’re not usually this chipper before coffee.’
He’s got a home and a family. It’s not conventional but Dean’s fine with that.
Dean rolls his eyes. ‘You’re a dork.’
Cas quirks a brow. ‘What idea would that be?’
Castiel looks up into Dean’s fierce eyes. It takes his breath away, but then again, Dean always does.
‘Dean,’ Castiel groans, one hand cradling Dean’s neck, the other twined in his hair.
He kisses Cas’s hand, looking up, and smiles. ‘I love you.’
It’s a bolo tie, made from the bottle cap of Dean’s favourite beer. He runs his finger along the crimped edge, lets the straps of leather fall through his fingers.
Dean is, Castiel asks, ‘What are you doing down here?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘I don’t know,’ Sam says, the colour returning to his face. ‘He does look like Cas. Like, a lot.’ He adds, ‘And he has your eyes, Dean,’ in that irritating mock-innocent tone Dean knows too well.
‘I know you said—’ Dean’s throat works, and his voice sounds like breaking glass. His eyes shine brighter in the light of the fire. He blinks a couple of times and then says, ‘I mean, I believe you, but…’
‘No,’ Castiel says, ‘I suppose not,’ and distracts Dean with a long, deep kiss.
‘Me too,’ Dean says absently, turning his phone over in his hands before he sets it down.
. Nothing does.
‘Uh…’ Dean shifts his weight and glances along the beach. It isn’t deserted but it’s not busy, it’s why Dean chose this spot. It’s not the thought of someone seeing him that gives him pause, though. It’s just…he’s never done this. He’s never built sandcastles and normally, he’d throw himself into it but something holds him back. Maybe there
‘It’s been six months.’
Dean whirls around, hand going to his hip for a gun that isn’t there, and comes face to face with a grey-haired woman in a fuzzy oversized sweater. He blinks at her.
.’ He nods at Jack.
Dean is cleaning his gun, all the parts laid out on the table in the library, when there is a shift in the air. He knows without looking that someone else is in the room with him. ‘Hey, kiddo,’ he says, laying the magazine down. ‘I was just about to make lunch when I’ve finished this. I know you don’t need to eat, but what do you feel like?’
in case you never…’ Tears prick his eyes, threatening to spill if he so much as blinks. Fuck.
‘You told him?’
I’m happy. I just…’ Cas looks more at a loss for words than Dean has ever seen him. It does little to ease the confusing swirl of emotions in him. Cas spreads his arms and says, ‘How?’
‘You started laughing,’ Castiel reminds him, ‘and I was the one who said you were beautiful in the first place.’
They finish in silence and then change into their pyjamas and settle into bed, side by side. Castiel only has a moment to appreciate that he is lying in the bed he picked out with Dean, under sheets they bought together, in the house they chose, before Dean sits up again.
Dean easily loses himself in it, his hips pushing up, fucking into Cas’s touch. He reaches back, curling an arm around Cas’s neck, the other braced on Cas’s thigh. It’s electrifying, to be touched like this by Cas, but then Cas says, ‘You’re so beautiful,’ and everything in Dean goes still.
?’ Dean’s brows raise. ‘To give you a back rub?’
‘Nothing.’
‘How’d you kiss her?’
‘That’—Cas points at Jack—‘is an abomination.’ And if the kid had looked upset before, he looks
He sets the plates down on the coffee table, then goes to stoke the fire. The wood hisses and pops, little sparks flying up. When he’s done, he settles on the couch, leaving enough room so that Dean won’t have to sit too close. He’s not sure he’s ever been so conscious of the space between them.
They eat together, they bathe together, and then they pack up all their things and load them into the Impala.
‘Well, you haven’t told him, yet,’ Sam says, bitch-face unmistakable in his tone despite the shitty signal in here, ‘so I was just wondering.’
Castiel smiles, but he needs something else to do, so he grabs the duffels with their clothes and takes them upstairs. The curving railing on the spiral staircase is smooth beneath his hand, and Castiel marvels at the craftsmanship. The stairs open to a loft bedroom that’s somehow both airy and cosy; Castiel sets the bags at the end of the bed and blinks. He walks over to the railing and leans over, peering down at Dean in the kitchen.
‘Nah,’ Dean says, ‘I think they’re just taking a break. They deserve it.’
It exposes Dean’s throat and leaves him looking up into Cas’s face above him. His breath catches, and he squeezes his eyes shut. Moments later, warm water sluices over his scalp until his hair is soaked.
lovers, though Dean wouldn’t use the word himself. ‘But I think it’s kind of bigger than all of them, too. It’s not in the show or movie, but in the novel, Spock thinks of Kirk as his t’hy’la.’ And, yeah, Dean sounds like the biggest nerd, right now, but it’s a testament to how comfortable he is with Cas that he doesn’t care.
‘You’re thinking too much,’ Dean says, tapping Castiel’s forehead, ‘I can practically hear it.’
Hope wells up in Castiel’s chest, filling him; it’s almost overwhelming, but he reaches out, stopping short of touching Dean, and says, ‘Told me what?’
Jealousy and possessiveness well up in Castiel. He’s no stranger to the feelings, but now that he’s
time, but yes.’ Cas takes a handful of popcorn, tossing the pieces in his mouth one by one. ‘Music is a very important part of the culture.’
The family has been served, leaving only the old man in front of them, so Cas starts loading the groceries onto the conveyor belt. ‘I don’t have strong feelings about it one way or the other.’ He smiles at the cashier, who isn’t even bothering to pretend not to listen in while she scans the old dude’s stuff, and adds, ‘But if you wanted to, I wouldn’t be against it.’
It turns out to be a pocket knife because Dean lost his on their last—as in final—hunt. And then there’s another long, rectangular package. Dean makes a show of lifting it to his ear and shaking it—‘Hm, doesn’t sound like a pony’—before Cas tries to take it from him and open it himself.
But Dean shoots his hand out, curling his fingers around Cas’s wrist. He looks up, tongue-tied and head over fucking heels. ‘The water’s dirty.’
‘And if it was?’
‘No, but—’ There’s a pause and then Cas says, ‘You can come in,’ irritation lacing his voice.
So, the sight of Dean settled between his thighs isn’t exactly something out of his fantasies, but it sends a frisson of lust through him, and he wonders how he never thought about it before.
There was a time Dean thought yeah, maybe, but he’s not so sure now. Jesse and Cesar make him feel wistful, fill him with might have beens.
. But when Cas tugs, urging Dean closer, Dean nearly slips, and Cas’s knee is way too close to somewhere Dean doesn’t want it to be and—
Cas waits a beat then says, ’You’re wanted on the bridge,’ before walking down the hall.
‘And why’s that?’
‘You like the gifts, then?’
A few moments pass before Dean adds, ‘Hey, speaking of, maybe later we could go for a drive. Maybe go into town and get you some new duds.’
‘Satisfied?’ Dean says.
Dean lets out a soft laugh and says, ‘OK.’
‘The love thing.’
‘Your nurse?’ There’s an edge to Cas’s voice that’s a little amused, a little…something else. ‘I thought you preferred doctors.’
‘It’s not— You don’t—’ Dean’s throat feels like it’s closing up. He squeezes his eyes shut, realising his mistake too late, as hot tears—one, and then another—run down his cheeks.
Dean eases off the gas and takes the long way home.
‘I don’t know, Dean, that’s why I’m asking.’
, so this is new. Not that Dean is surprised, if he’s Cas’s kid, Dean knows Cas would treat him right.
‘To have sex?’
The setting sun washes the parking lot in a candy haze; it catches in Cas’s eyes and the silver at his temples. Dean gives a half-hearted smile back, and they get into the car, but Dean doesn’t turn the ignition. He sits in the driver’s seat with his hands on the steering wheel, frowning.
‘I do not
‘Look, I know it’s dumb but…it’s our first night in our new bedroom, our new
A pleased smile flitters over Dean’s face. ‘Uh, thanks. But I meant more in general.’ He spears a piece of steak with his fork and gestures with it. ‘You know, since you got back. You good?’
‘It won’t take long.’
a word big enough for what they mean to each other, but Cas is his person, and the rest is window dressing.
‘I hurt you more.’
‘Are you done now?’
‘I don’t know.’
Cas sighs, hand slipping from Dean’s shoulder. ‘OK.’
‘Well, genius, we’ve got another surprise for you.’
hand is on his
? Suddenly, Castiel is sad and angry all at once, and he says, ‘I can’t promise you that.’
Cas smiles. ‘Neither do I.’
‘Most people aren’t into bad sex.’
And there were a
Castiel waits for Dean to continue, but there is only the sound of Dean breathing, soft and not quite steady. And then there is the press of Dean’s hand between his wings, warm and strong and unmoving on the bare skin of his back.
Dean kissed back?
Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck and says, ‘Just…thought it’d be nice to get away.’ He looks at Castiel a moment, then pulls some food out of the cooler, turning away to put it in the fridge.
I’ve got
Heat creeps up Dean’s neck, but there’s something heady in being able to fluster an angel of the lord. Or, at least, being able to fluster Cas in particular. Even if it means taking his pants off in front of him. Fuck it. Dean sheds his jeans and underwear, trying not to think about Cas standing a few feet away, and clambers into the bath.
Dean goes tense. ‘What are you doing?’
Dean laughs.
‘That’s not possible,’ Cas says, brow furrowed.
Maybe it’s not enough. Because Cas fixes Sam and breaks himself, like it’s his penance. Talk about a sucker punch.
The rest of the day is spent in the same peaceful haze, exploring the area surrounding the cabin and, when they get back, each other. The week passes by similarly—they take a boat out on the lake, they go for long walks, they make love. Often, they just sit together by the fire or by the lake, content in each other’s company.
‘Had a feeling it wasn’t your idea,’ Dean says, with a wink.
He steps back, but doesn’t get any further, because Cas’s hand is holding onto his. ‘I’m sorry,’ Cas says again.
‘He is not our son, Dean. I told you, it’s not possible.’
Dean wipes his hands off and takes the proffered plate. ‘Thanks,’ he says, around a mouthful of overdone bread and gooey cheese.
Cas gets a hand in his hair, pulling him back to kiss his mouth. His other hand slides down Dean’s back, resting above the swell of his ass. A teasing touch.
‘Mm.’
‘Right, yeah, that makes sense. Otherwise, you’d be giving me a peep show right now.’ Dean clears his throat and waves his hand. ‘I didn’t even know you could show them properly without burning my eyes out.’
‘Where are you going?’
That’s that, then.
‘Why?’
‘Yeah.’ There’s an unmistakable heat in Cas’s gaze that makes Dean’s pulse stutter. He returns it, even as he says, ‘You know, as much as I hate being called an old man, I ain’t exactly a spring chicken here. Gonna need some time to recover.’ He looks Cas up and down. ‘You probably do, too, now that you’re human.’
‘Would you fix that, too?’
Sodden pants forgotten, Castiel says, ‘Why are you so nervous?’
Nothing shatters. The world doesn’t end. There is only Cas, who blinks at him, lips parted in shock, eyes glittering. ‘You— I didn’t know.’
Castiel doesn’t know how long they stand there holding each other but, eventually, one or maybe both of them pulls back. Castiel runs the backs of his fingers down the side of Dean’s face and leans in and kisses him.
‘No, it’s… Unless you want…’
When they part, Castiel says, ‘I think I’m going to enjoy this vacation,’ and Dean laughs again, and Castiel can’t help but laugh, too.
‘We didn’t have sex before.’
with the state Dean is in.
, now.
‘Jack wanted to build a sandcastle.’ Cas nods at the vaguely castle-shaped mound of sand.
talk to Cas.’
‘Hey, this is mine,’ Dean says, and finally tears into it. It’s a long, velvet box with a silver ID bracelet nestled inside it. His name is engraved on the front and, when he lifts it to read the reverse, sees: ‘All my love, Cas.’
‘Should I get your present, now,’ Jack says, ‘or wait until—’ He cuts himself off, casting a horrified look at Cas.
Castiel hums and stands, slipping his pants off and handing them over to Dean. It leaves him in his underwear, the hem of his sweater just brushing the tops of his thighs.
Why didn’t he just tell him when he had the chance?
Dean grins, standing long enough to take his pants off, before settling over Castiel again and urging him up the bed.
‘I’m aware,’ Cas says, moving over to Dean, ‘but we do have
For the first time since he got here, Cas’s fury wavers. ‘No—’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘but you’re choosing from
For a moment, Castiel considers dropping the whole thing, but he follows, crowding into Dean’s personal space and reaches for the knife Dean had produced from somewhere.
‘All of it.’
But Dean’s stuck on one word: husband. It skips in his brain like a scratched record. It’s the second time she’s referred to them as married and it’s… It’s
‘It’s…OK,’ Jack says. He steps toward Cas, then stops, seeming to think better of whatever he was going to do. ‘I should go now.’
. Not now.
‘I’ll do anything you ask of me. Or I’ll try. But I can’t promise that I won’t—‘
‘Shit, Cas,’ Dean says, catching him, ‘wouldn’t have asked if I knew it would take this much out of you.’
‘Whatever you want to do.’
Dean spreads his hands. ‘Whatever’s on your mind.’
Cas gives him a questioning look, which Dean pretends not to notice.
Everything Castiel has felt melts away under Dean’s self-deprecation, and he says, ‘Dean, you’re the bravest man I know.’
Cas turns a jumbo-sized jar of pickled pig’s feet over and Dean snatches it out of his hands before he can put it in the cart. Dean will eat a lot of weird shit but he is
‘Oh,’ Dean says, ‘yeah, of course.’
More than once, since they’ve started sharing a bed, Dean has been woken by Cas’s tossing and turning, his groans as he battles his own nightmares, or found Cas’s side of the bed empty in the middle of the night. By now, he knows to look for Cas in the kitchen, where he’ll be sitting with a cup of chamomile and a hangdog expression that tugs at Dean’s heart. He’ll join Cas silently—with coffee—but he’s not sure it helps.
’No, I’m not done.’ Castiel stands, staring down at Dean, who meets his gaze with a defiant tilt to his chin. ‘You need to rest your ankle. I’ll get dinner.’
‘If I’m a “stubborn bastard”, what does that make you?’
‘Don’t know.’ Dean tips his head back against the tub behind him; they’d dug it out of storage and set it up in the bathroom recently, but Dean hasn’t had the chance to test it out yet. ‘Too tired, I guess.’
‘I don’t know if I should if you’re only going to insult my taste again.’
Dean kicks Cas’s foot, earning him a glare, and says, ‘C’mon, talk to me.’ He swallows against the lump in his throat.
‘Guess I lose, huh?’ Dean says, his voice thick.
‘Such a gentleman,’ Dean says.
…’ Cas’s breath catches. ‘I thought you would do it out of kindness, if anything. But I realised, when I finally talked to you, I was being foolish. I’m ashamed I thought it at all.’
‘It isn’t.’ Dean sounds so sure that Castiel turns a questioning look on him. ‘Hey, just because I’ve killed plenty of monsters, doesn’t mean I agree with shooting Bullwinkle and hanging him over the fireplace.’
Castiel nods and follows Dean from the cabin.
‘Why haven’t you?’
Dean is stroking his hair, whispering, ‘I’ve got you,’ over and over, his voice and touch soothing as Castiel comes down from his orgasm.
Cas falters. ‘No, I…I thought you’d prefer something small, I didn’t think—’
. He gets them dry clothes—a Black Sabbath sweatshirt and soft jeans for Dean; a tan cable knit sweater, which Dean has pointed out more than once is the same shade as his trench coat, and sweatpants for himself—and takes them to the bathroom.
A beat of silence. Dean swallows heavily. ‘Does that mean you don’t want to do this?’
‘But if you need a hand, or something else, I can help you out.’
Because with the pressure valve released—at least a little—Dean has no idea how to spill the one thing he needs to say more than anything. It’s the kind of thing he’d always thought he would say in a big moment, like Cas did. End of the world, end of the line, or words pouring out when one of them returns from death. But no ends loom on the horizon, and while Dean is still freaking ecstatic that Cas is back, the time for an emotional outpouring at their reunion has probably passed.
It’s the first time they’ve been alone since then, and Castiel knows they’ll have to talk about it sooner or later. Part of him is hoping it’s later.
‘Thanks.’ There’s a CD in the bag, a band he’s never heard of and suddenly it’s all too much. Distantly, he’s aware of Claire saying she got it because it’s time he updated his music collection. He nods and says, ‘Thanks,’ again and then, ‘I gotta pee,’ and he’s stalking out of the room, heading for the bathroom.
‘What?’ Dean shrugs. ‘I’m not gonna remember, so why ask anything important?’ And this isn’t important, Dean’s just curious. That’s all.
Guilt swishes around his empty stomach, and he crosses his arms over his middle. ‘It’s fine,’ he says, ‘you have your own thing.’
‘Sure,’ Dean says.
‘Dean—’
‘You know I don’t.’
‘Are you sure?’ Cas squeezes his hand. ‘You’re shaking.’
He tells Cas he’s their—his—brother because there’s no other word he knows that can convey what Cas means to them. To him. He only hopes Cas understands.
‘Yeah, I mean… We can. And I want to. It was the best and worst day of my life all in one, but…’
‘Yeah, that had occurred to me.’ Dean rolls his eyes, then looks at the kid. He looks like a regular kid.
‘I can help.’
Too soon, Cas finishes with Dean’s back and tugs on his shoulder. Dean doesn’t move.
Castiel gathers Dean’s hands in his own, holding them tight.
Sam and Eileen, wearing matching party hats, yell out, ‘Surprise!’ Sam blows the party blower he’s holding and Eileen throws her hands in the air in a ‘ta-da’ gesture.
The tension drains from Dean and he says, ‘Yeah, OK,’ smiling as he leans in.
But then Cas says, ‘Still, I wish I’d been there, just in case. I came as soon as I could,’ and Dean wonders if he was projecting his thoughts.
‘I’m happy,’ Castiel says, warmth in his face and in his heart.
But when their noses bump together too hard, doubt niggles away at Dean again. He jerks back, grateful he doesn’t overbalance and fall flat on his ass. That’s all he needs.
(I mostly chose these because they’re both movies I’ve seen and are available on US Netflix at the moment, apparently, and also for the Angst with
‘I guess.’
Castiel lets out a long breath and says, ‘Neither do I,’ then pulls Dean into his arms to hold him close.
It sits uneasily in Dean; he nudges Cas’s foot beneath the table. ‘You have been eating, right?’
And that’s all she wrote! (For this fic anyway) XD
‘I don’t know, man.’ Dean runs a hand through his hair. ‘Just…all those times I could’ve told you. All that time you thought I didn’t—’
‘Twigs, shells, seaweed,’ Dean says and jerks his chin toward the expanse of sand around them. ‘You know, beach stuff.’
Dean rubs his eye with the back of his hand. ‘Several?’
Dean smiles and is about to lean in for a kiss when the door bangs open and he’s sent into another round of palpitations.
Dean’s stomach drops. ‘Right.’
Dean nods, unable to speak around the love that wells up in him. It’s easier than it used to be, but, still, he nudges Cas’s shoulder to ease the butterflies and says, ‘You’re the Spock to my Kirk.’
They’re not lovers, but they’re still together. And it’s good. Better than good. Better than it’s ever been.
They eat in content silence, sneaking glances and smiles at each other like a couple of kids. Dean feels giddy with it. But then he looks up to see a troubled frown creasing Cas’s brow and his chest tightens. ‘What’s up?’
Cas huffs and pumps some onto his fingers.
But nothing stops him wanting.
Castiel. It’s more than Castiel ever expected. But he’s not surprised Dean would take on this burden. He sighs and says, ‘Both.’
‘Dean.’
‘That could just mean we don’t
He nudges his shoulder against Cas’s, smiling wide, and Cas leans into the touch.
The ever unflappable Cas looks, well, flapped, and he shakes his head. He shifts his weight, and Dean thinks he’s going to leave, but he only moves to sit beside Dean. The press of his shoulder against Dean’s is comforting. ‘Do you want to talk?’ he says.
Castiel takes the proffered glass and points. ‘What’s that?’
‘Still can’t sleep, huh?’
Cas is still squinting at him and Sam looks two seconds away from imploding. Luckily, Jack pipes up again, saying, ‘Oh, I understand.’ He smiles. ‘Neither of you is my
Maybe he’s asking too much, but if he is, Dean doesn’t say so. He only pushes back into Castiel’s touch and says, ‘You saying you wanna fuck me?’
Jesus Christ, he’s a twelve-year-old girl.
Dean swallows a strangled noise and says, ‘Good,’ and when Cas tells him to relax, again, he finally lets his eyes drift closed.
‘Yeah, well,’ Dean says, ‘thanks, I guess.’ He shakes his head and adds, ‘I’m gonna finish unloading this stuff,’ nodding at the cooler, ‘why don’t you put your feet up?’
‘I want to.’ Cas shifts forward. ‘Let me. You helped me.’
‘I can try.’
‘I know.’
‘I was keeping an eye on the motel after you told me where you were and I sensed something.’ Cas doesn’t take his eyes off of Jack, and there’s steel in his voice. ‘And now I see why.’
If Dean were twenty years younger, Cas saying that would get him well on the way to round two. As it is, it sets a pleasant simmer going in his blood. ‘You know what,’ he says, voice rough, ‘think you’re fine with the pillow talk.’
Hopefully the next chapter will be up same time next week :)
‘Because I will.’
The driver’s side door opens and closes, and then the trunk, and then there is the heavy crunch of boots on twigs as Dean passes by saying, ‘You gonna help me with this stuff, or make eyes at the trees all day?’
‘Then talk to me.’
After a few more beers, he even cajoles Cas into dancing with him, though it’s more swaying on the spot with their arms loosely hanging around each other. It’s nice, though. Corny, but nice. He looks past Cas’s shoulder to where Sam and Eileen are sitting together, looking tired but happy, heads resting together. Claire and Jack, who had been wary of each other for the first hour, are now talking animatedly in a way that Dean will worry about when he’s sober.
‘Might wanna work on your pillow talk.’ Dean finally clambers off of Cas. There’s a towel crumpled on the floor by the bed, so Dean picks it up to clean himself off. He’s going to have to break Cas out of the habit of leaving damp towels on the floor but, for now, he silently passes it over.
‘I was kinda hoping you’d move into my room with me. Or vice versa, if you really like yours. But if you feel weird about it—’
‘I…’ Cas swallows thickly. ‘Thank you.’ He looks quickly at Sam, then for longer at Dean, before looking back to Jack. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d think Cas’s eyes were glittering. ‘I’m sorry again, for…’
The words tingle at the base of Castiel’s skull, and he fucks Dean harder, their breaths harsh, sweat slicking their skin, their hands grasping each other tight. Castiel feels suspended in the moment—Dean tight around him, their shared rapture almost a tangible thing—but he knows it won’t last, as much he wishes it would.
‘Don’t worry about it.’ Dean waves his hand in the direction of the stairs. ‘Just…go back to bed.’
‘I was only half asleep.’ Castiel rubs his eyes. ‘And then you yelled. I think.’ Perhaps it was only a dream.
‘I know,’ Dean says, ‘so did I.’
The crinkle of plastic and the swish of fabric fills the silence in Cas’s room as he pulls his new clothes from the shopping bags. Dean watches as he folds them so they fit into the dresser, the flick of his narrow wrists as he shakes crinkles out before his long fingers deftly double the fabric over. Dean doesn’t need to be here for this, but he’d followed Cas into his room, and Cas hadn’t commented on it. Seemed to welcome his help. Even if all he’s doing, right now, is
But Dean stalks over, grabbing the jacket and Cas’s hand in his fist. ‘You wanna know why I didn’t wash this?’ His fingers curl into the fabric, curl around Cas’s fingers. ‘Because it was all I had left of you. You left m—’ He stops, gathering himself. ‘You were gone, all the way gone, and this’—he tugs, pulling Cas closer—‘was all I had left.’
‘You know that’s not what I mean.’ There’s a sigh and the warmth of Cas’s shoulder disappears. ‘I’m worried about you.’
‘OK, that’s cool.’
‘Good.’ Dean clears his throat, running a hand through his hair. Castiel feels like there’s still something he’ missing, something Dean isn’t saying, but before he can ask what it is, Dean says, ‘Are you Anita?’
So, Dean reaches back, moving Cas’s hand until it’s firmly on his ass.
‘No, I—’
The woman wishes them both a good day, then hurries off, and Dean says, ‘Guess we look more domestic than I thought, huh?’ pushing the cart down the aisle and into the next.
Dean groans. He looks at Cas, who looks the same way Dean feels, and opens his mouth, then closes it. ‘You know what, let’s…deal with this after lunch.’ He pinches the bridge of his nose. ‘I can’t think about time travel on an empty stomach.’
‘What, getting sick of me already?’
‘Since what?’
‘It was like a train wreck! I couldn’t look away. Plus, it was almost sweet for a moment. Until the tongue.’ Sam shudders. ‘That’s when I tried to make my escape, but then you freaked out, and Cas stormed out and—’ He waves his hands.
Jack opens his mouth, but Cas says, ‘Dean, if it hasn’t happened, how are we to know if it’s true? He could make it up. We haven’t experienced the future, yet.’
Dean blinks. ‘How?’
And Jack, who is enrolled at the local community college, is probably curled up with some textbooks and Felix 2.0. Dean had been worried the snake would be a painful reminder, but somehow it ended up the opposite. He’s still glad Jack keeps the thing in his room, though.
Jack’s brow is furrowed beneath the wide brim of his straw hat. ‘It doesn’t look like a castle.’
‘It is nice. Thank you.’
‘No, just—’ Sam looks past Dean, imploring.
they do?
‘This is the castle where everyone lives
It feels…anticipatory, which doesn’t make sense, because Dean had only asked Cas to watch a movie with him. They’ve done that a million times. It’s normal.
‘What?’
‘Aw, I don’t know,’ Dean says, ‘I kinda like the peach fuzz.’ He reaches out again, scratching his fingers through Cas’s beard. ‘The rugged look suits you.’
Castiel nods and sits on the end of the bed, his hands hanging between the spread of his knees.
Dean’s mouth goes dry. ‘I’ll bet.’
He obviously means Cas and whoever his mom is, but, still, Dean says, ‘Who?’
Cas hums, his thumb stroking over Dean’s hip. ‘Is it always over so quickly, though?’
connected. It was always there, but it’s more now. It feels more open between us.’
Castiel narrows his eyes. ‘I can handle it.’
‘I’m not—’ Cas snaps his mouth shut, eyes hot, but he looks a little sheepish, at least. He shrugs.
. ‘Coming to find you.’
‘Guess not,’ Dean says, eyes all soft and practically twinkling. ‘But, yeah, we can have sex. If that’s what you want.’
‘Really, Dean?’ Sam says. ‘That’s the one thing you want to know?’
‘Oh.’ Cas withdraws his hand; Dean’s leg feels cold. ‘Of course,’ Cas says.
They take it slow this time, learning each other with touches and kisses, relishing in their pleasure and in simply being together. Dean holds Cas tight, filled with so much love and wonder and happiness.
Cas smooths his hands up Dean’s spine. ‘Go to sleep, Dean,’ he says, ‘it’s OK.’
All Dean can think to say is: ‘There was no tongue.’ (There was definitely tongue.)
‘Hey, Cas.’
‘Good.’ Cas sounds satisfied, and it settles warm and low in Dean. ‘You should go back to sleep,’ Cas adds.
‘Yeah?’
‘I don’t believe you.’
Dean pulls off, cheeks flushed and eyes dark. Saliva runs down his chin; he wipes over his mouth with the back of his hand. ‘Not having a good time?’
Which is worse? The weight of an angel’s faith, or the crushing absence of it.
‘If it bothered you, why didn’t you correct her?’
Dean rolls his eyes, but before he can come back with something both witty and scathing—which it totally would have been—Cas materialises from
It seems to surprise Dean, too, his eyes widening, but he doesn’t pull away. Doesn’t seem disgusted or disturbed by the immensity of Castiel’s desire. How could he? It’s returned in his gaze and in the way his hands tighten over Castiel’s hips. In the deep timbre of his voice when he says, ‘Then let’s go upstairs.’
Dean frowns. Before he can ask what Sam means, a voice comes from behind him. ‘Hey, old man. Didn’t think I’d miss this, did you?’
On the television, there’s a car crash in the snow. Then Colin Firth is waking up in bed alone. Dean’s chest goes tight when the voiceover says, ‘
Dean puts a hand on Jack’s shoulder. ‘Jack.’ ‘I didn’t mean to do it.’
‘You wanted to surprise me by…taking the lights?’
So, he says, ‘You can help me groom them. Some of my feathers are twisted, and I can’t reach them.’
A low groan escapes Cas as he settles on the opposite side of the tub. He nudges Dean’s legs apart, resting his own between them. It presses Dean’s feet into the sides of the tub, and he has to bend his knees at an awkward angle to fit, now, but he sure as hell doesn’t mind. Not when they’re naked, and they’re touching, and Cas looks so
ringing in Dean’s ears.
Please note that the rating is for the fic overall, and not every chapter :)
‘I don’t think we can do this,’ Dean says, chest heaving. It only takes a moment to realise the mistake in his words because Cas’s face falls, and it’s like a punch to the gut. Dean huffs and says, ‘I mean, in the bath.’ He licks his lips. ‘You want to do this, right?’
‘Yeah, I guess, but…’ Dean doesn’t know how to explain it. He’s wrung out and stretched thin, and there’s nothing inside him. ‘It feels like it’s more than that.’
But then Cas walks out of the bathroom without a word, and Dean’s stomach lurches, and he realises how much he wanted it.
‘This is a lot of blood for a routine hunt.’ Cas tips Dean’s head side to side as though he’s double-checking none of the blood is Dean’s.
‘Okay. But…’ A yawn interrupts Dean’s train of thought. Cas’s fingers pause and Dean lets out an embarrassing noise, pushing his head into Cas’s palm. Cas huffs but returns to playing with Dean’s hair. ‘We could sleep like this more often,’ Dean says. ‘If you want.’
Dean nods.
‘Dean,’ Cas breathes, but doesn’t say anything else. There’s this heartbreaking mix of joy and disbelief in his eyes that takes Dean’s breath away. And then a smile breaks over his face and he says, ‘Will you…’
Castiel pins Dean’s wrists either side of his head, leaning close, voice low as he says, ‘Make it ten.’
Dean opens his eyes. ‘Cas, I—’ He places his free hand on Cas’s chest, above his heart again, fisting his sweatshirt. Each beat of Cas’s heart says
Dean rolls his eyes, then says, ‘Anyway, stop ruining the mood, I’m trying to be romantic here.’
‘Guess I’ll find out.’ They share a look, for a moment, then Dean unthreads his belt and pops the button on his jeans.
Dean tilts his chin up. ‘Like what.’
‘Nah, because you’re a sarcastic bastard and pretend you’re not, just like Spock.’ Dean winks and adds, ‘And you’re both sexy.’
him to.
Castiel looks off to the side and gives a small shake of his head.
‘Probably just tired,’ Dean hedges. But then he looks at Cas and his breath leaves him in one long rush. Standing seems too hard, right now, and he sits heavily on his bed.
He looks at Dean—looks
‘Or all of them.’
‘I suppose not,’ Cas murmurs. ‘I’m still getting used to sleeping again.’
He feels like an even bigger dick when Cas says, ‘I’m taking my cues from you. I’ve never done this.’
‘Should I?’ Castiel asks, trying not to smile.
Dean touches Cas’s elbow. ‘You know you can talk to me. About anything.’
All it would take, he had thought, was to find the words and then they’d both
Dean mutely shakes his head, then realises he’s been staring at the presents in his lap for far too long and picks one up. ‘Nah, it’s fine. Anyway, gotta keep ‘em from escaping, right?’ It’s not even a remotely good joke, but he’s at a loss, right now. Cas bought him presents and he wrapped them and—
‘Yes. If by “this” you mean have sex with you.’
Dean gives him that sideways look he does when he’s trying to figure out if Castiel is making a joke, or not, and then he smiles. It eases some of the tension coiled in Castiel’s chest, even as it leaves him a little breathless.
Dean moves a little closer, gaze turned scrutinising. ‘They do look a little beat up, though.’
‘Yeah, well, sorry I’m interrupting your shut-eye.’
Dean smiles at him, wide and unfettered, and says, ‘You don’t have to say anything,’ and then he kisses Castiel again.
As they walk out of the library—Jack a few steps ahead, Dean and Cas behind, their hands brushing between them—Dean mutters, ‘Time travel.’ He shakes his head and looks at Cas. ‘He gets that from you, you know.’
.’ Dean lifts his shoulders. ‘I wanna do it together.’
Castiel wants to move closer. See Dean’s face properly. But he’s frozen. ‘Can’t what?’
, curling his long fingers around Dean’s aching cock. The pressure is just this side of enough, so Dean encloses Cas’s hand in his own, guiding him—‘Like this’—but Cas is a quick study. It’s only moments before he picks up the right pressure and rhythm, working his hand over Dean exactly the way Dean likes it.
‘Yes, I’m good.’
At Cas’s frown, Dean gives a pointed look to Cas’s dick.
Shit. This kid really is Cas’s. And if he’s Cas’s he must be good, right? And he still has this
Castiel has never understood human modesty, but he does feel ridiculous and exposed, so he goes upstairs to change, then comes back down to find Dean hunched over the kitchen sink with Castiel’s sweatpants.
‘If that’s what you wanna call it,’ Dean says as he pushes himself to his feet, shuffling toward the kitchenette.
There are a few moments of silence before Cas says, ‘Why were you sitting in the bathroom in the dark?’
Castiel nods and, satisfied to be put to use, sets about getting the fire started with the pile of wood next to the fireplace and some old newspapers next to it. He sets the larger logs on top of the tinder and kindling, then strikes a match from the box on the mantel, letting the flame lick at the tinder. The fire spreads, and Castiel stands, ignoring the creak in his knees, stretching his hands out to warm them. There’s a moose head hanging above the fireplace, staring forlornly down at Castiel with its glass eyes. Castiel frowns. ‘Why do humans kill things just to use them as decoration?’
‘You can bandage my whole freaking leg.
They stay like this a little longer, sweaty and spent, but then the sweat starts to dry, and their hearts return to rest, and Castiel pulls back, raising himself on shaking arms to look down at Dean.
Castiel almost says yes, without thinking, because it’s
‘Damn, Cas,’ Dean says, his voice hoarse, ‘sex with you is…on a whole other level.’
night.’
Dean presses a kiss to Castiel’s left thigh. Another to his right. His hands reach up, slipping under the waistband of Castiel’s briefs, fingertips trembling against Castiel’s heated skin.
‘C’mon, man.’
. It stings. It was Castiel’s choice. Castiel chose humanity when he chose Dean, but still…
Oh, and I
‘Yeah.’
I’ve got
‘Easier or less painful?’ Dean asks, somehow seeing through Castiel.
‘Mm.’ Dean flips the radio off, plunging the garage into silence.
It’s not something he wants to look at too closely, but if he did, he’s pretty sure he’d only find concern for his friend. Cas is a badass and can take care of himself, but he’s still pretty naïve. And Dean did
‘About loving you?’ Cas says, and Dean can
For a moment, it seems like Cas will accept—
‘Oh, I won’t forget about that.’
Doubt pricks at him because, yeah, it has been a while. A long while. What if he
‘Can I give you your present now?’ Jack asks as soon as Dean’s scooped the last mouthful of eggs into his mouth.
‘It’s real good that you’re back. I mean, I’m glad you’re here.’
‘And if I think you’re romantic, isn’t that all that matters?’
‘It’s different from when I was human, different to how you experience things, but I still feel.’ Cas scoops up some bubbles, patting them into a blobby square, then letting them fall into the water again. ‘I can feel the bubbles and the warmth of the water. I feel pain and pleasure.’ He looks at Dean, reaching out to trail his fingers down Dean’s shin. ‘I can feel you.’
food poisoning.’
‘Thanks, buddy,’ Dean says around a smile. He looks at Cas over Jack’s shoulder, then has to look away at the fond look on Cas’s face. With all this positive attention, Dean’s starting to feel a little uncomfortable, but if the furtive looks and hushed conversations between everyone over the past week are anything to go by, there’s more in store. He pats Jack between his shoulder blades and Jack pulls back.
‘Huh?’
‘About anything.’
of an idiot of himself.
The water is warm and, though Cas had healed him of the worst injury, it soothes the aches he always carries with him. He lets out a low groan as he sinks down, the chemical floral scent of the bubble bath filling his nose. The tub is, thankfully, big enough he can stretch his legs out, sink into the water and let it hold him. It’s pretty damn nice, and Dean could get used to this.
‘And what you want.’
‘Your husband dropped this,’ she says, holding out the wallet he’d bought Cas for his “un-birthday” (Jack’s idea) a few months ago.
‘Is everything OK?’ Cas’s brow is furrowed in concern.
‘Sam’—Cas turns to Sam, fixing him with a long-suffering look—‘it is not possible that Dean and I would have a child together.’ A troubled look crosses his face. ‘Unless I took another vessel…’
The lights catch in Cas’s eyes, play over the sharp planes and soft curves of his face. Even in this lighting he looks exhausted, but he still takes Dean’s breath away. Always does.
The abruptness leaves Dean wrong-footed and he only nods, tongue clumsy in his mouth. ‘Sure,’ he murmurs, ‘yeah. You should…go. Try and sleep. You need it.’ As he talks, he moves back, edging toward his bed. ‘I’m pretty beat, too.’
When Dean stays silent, Cas prompts: ‘What is it?’
Dean pushes the door open, making a mental note to oil the hinges as it creaks, and steps inside. It’s a little cooler in here, and as sparse as it ever was. There’s the bed, the desk—a photo of Jack pinned above it, one of Dean, Cas and Sam next to it—Cas’s trench coat slung over the chair. One small succulent, Dean doesn’t know the name of, sits by the lamp on the nightstand.
‘Yes, we got beer.’ Sam holds up a six-pack, then steps past Dean, stooping beneath the umbrella to put the beer into the cooler, leaving one out for himself and passing one to Dean.
‘OK, shoot.’
There’s a hint of smugness in Cas’s expression but it softens as the moments pass, melting into something so familiar Dean has no idea how he ever thought Cas couldn’t love him. Dean’s breath hitches and his chest tightens. Could they have had this all along, or would there always have been some other excuse?
‘Yeah, well,’ Dean says, crossing his arms over his stomach, ‘it was dumb. Never mind.’
‘Yes. It’s very beautiful out here.’ Castiel turns to find Dean looking at him. His pulse skips, and he has the urge to reach out and take Dean’s hand in his own. He pushes it away. ‘I’m surprised you wanted to come, though.’
at this. Damn, but he’s good at it.
From behind him, Cas says, ‘Because it’s your birthday.’
Dean frowns up at him. ‘You wanna keep these on?’
Maybe he should have seen it coming.
‘Anything?’
‘OK, sit down so I can take a look.’
‘Dean.’
‘Why, you getting sick of me already?’
A dark look crosses Dean’s face, and it’s like he turns in on himself, the light in his eyes dimming. ‘Okay, I get it, I suck at being romantic.’
‘I’m glad to hear it.’
The door opens and Jack waves, saying, ‘I need you to, um, see something. Both of you,’ then turns and heads down the hall.
‘Right,’ Dean says, looking at Castiel a moment before he turns back to his task. ‘Hey, why don’t you take the rest of the pie to the couch, and we can eat by the fire when I’m done with this.’
Castiel nods and starts to turn back around, but Dean stops him.
‘You don’t— That’s not what I meant.’
Once their door is closed firm, Dean reaches for Cas and says, ‘Now what was that about sexual favours.’
‘That a problem?’
‘I don’t…’ Something in Cas softens as he glances at Dean, catching his eye. ‘I can’t seem to stand having the lights off.’ He takes in a deep shuddering breath and adds, ‘The dark is too…consuming.’
‘The wrong idea.’
‘Yes, but… How do I know if you feel good? I didn’t know you loved me, so—’
Dean looks Castiel in the eyes and repeats, ‘I know,’ and sounds like he believes it. A few moments pass before he adds, ‘And uh… Heh.’ He rubs a hand over the back of his neck. ‘You know what, it’s weird, never mind.’
‘I love you,’ Dean says, the words still strange in his mouth.
‘Hm?’
‘Because they can.’
‘Maybe.’
‘Cas, c’mon, man, just…ease off on the kid.’ Dean swallows thickly. ‘I think he’s telling the truth.’
Cas nods.
‘Wait, what? I never said that.’ The almost-admission makes Dean’s face heat and he clears his throat.
And, oh. Oh. This is why he’s been jittery all day. Since Castiel has got back. He did all of this—the cabin, the candles,
would…’ Shit. Abort. Abort!
‘Hey, might wanna slow down there,’ Dean says, as Cas inhales the food.
wants
And please feel free to come find me on Tumblr
But even as good as it is, as safe as the warmth of Cas behind him makes him feel, he can’t seem to settle into a comfortable position. Maybe another night, but tonight it’s not what he needs.
‘We don’t even know if he truly is from the future.’
The late afternoon light filtering through the trees casts Dean in a dreamy haze, and, though Castiel can’t see his soul anymore, this is one of the times when he almost believes he can. He shakes himself and rounds the car to haul the remaining bags from the trunk, following Dean inside.
‘Yes?’ Hope sparks in Castiel’s chest. Maybe he’s been wrong. Maybe Dean has been waiting for a sign from Castiel. Maybe he feels— Dean’s fingers snag Castiel’s feathers, and Castiel hisses in a breath.
Dean blinks. ‘Didn’t you want me to?’
Castiel huffs and pushes Dean back to the mattress with a hand to his chest. ‘Are you going to sleep, or do I have to take more drastic measures?’
It’s building, closer and closer to snapping with each passing moment, pleasure mounting until it’s almost unbearable.
Cas smiles that small smile Dean knows is reserved for Jack related happiness, and squeezes Jack tight.
Cas sets his fork down and folds his hands together. ‘I think I’m still…processing. Like I said, I didn’t think I could have this.’ He looks happy, but awed, when he says, ‘I didn’t think you would ever…’ He trails off, but Dean can fill in the blanks.
‘You don’t know how I could love you and I don’t know how I couldn’t.’ Dean’s face heats. Shit, he’s getting sappy in his old age. But if there’s anyone worth getting sappy over, it’s Cas. A nervous laugh escapes him, but he keeps talking: ‘You’re brave and you make me laugh and you see the good in people after everything. You— You’re kind and you want to help everyone. You saved me, Cas. More than once and not just my life. You
Dean’s hands slide to the small of Castiel’s back, up under his shirt. The touch of his fingertips sets little fires under Castiel’s skin, moving up and up, rucking Castiel’s shirt up, until it’s bunched under his arms.
‘It’s a rather large tub,’ Cas says, and he’s so damn hopeful, it near breaks Dean’s heart.
‘Of course sex is a release, but I was thinking of other kinds of touch. Hugging, for instance.’
Castiel smiles. ‘I thought so.’
looked so at peace, so happy, either. They’ve shared a lot of joy over the years, but a lot of sorrow, too. More than their fair share. Castiel hopes the scales will be tipped in the favour of joy for a while. Dean deserves it. They both do.
‘I noticed your wallet was…well, falling apart. And you like cowboys.’
He raises his hand to Jack’s forehead but then Sam says, ‘Wait!’ and Cas drops his arm to his side. ‘What?’
Dean huffs. ‘And I thought you were just trying to get my pants off.’
‘Are you OK?’ Cas asks.
Dean’s breath catches, and his hips stutter. He wants to tell Cas not to talk like that, but his tongue is thick and stupid and a small secret part of him doesn’t want Cas to stop at all.
Cas raises his brows in Jack’s direction and Dean flushes a little. Dean rubs the back of his neck and shrugs. ‘Sorry,’ he murmurs.
married. I wasn’t bothered by that lady calling you my husband.’ He flushes a little.
‘Show me,’ Cas says.
Cas looks at it like it’s the freaking Holy Grail. ‘You’re letting me choose?’
. ‘I—’ He swallows thickly.
. ‘And I didn’t want to embarrass her, I guess. She was nice.’
A sweet breeze blows through the window as they cruise down the road. Dean looks over to Cas in the passenger seat, pulse skipping at the way the setting sun catches in his hair and his eyes. It’s the kind of moment he could write off as cornball. It’s the kind of moment he has to close his eyes against, memorising every detail, keeping it tucked safely away.
. But he hasn’t been given the chance to say a damn thing, because since Cas came back he’s been avoiding Dean.
As they walk off, Dean sends the nosey woman a dirty look; she blinks and looks away. For good measure, Dean takes Cas’s hand, somehow feeling emboldened by her intrusive stares, no matter the intent behind them.
Dean nods at the board in front of him. ‘Anita. Is that who you’ve got there.’
‘Right.’
‘You have wings.’
‘Can’t watch a movie without snacks,’ he adds, inanely, and heads for the door. The hallway is quiet, but the movie echoes in his mind.
Dean sighs, leaning back against the trunk. He crosses his arms and chews his lip. ‘I’m not against it, either, but well…I mean, first of all, we’re both technically dead, so it wouldn’t be legal.’
Cas’s eyes narrow. ‘If you want me to leave, just say so.’
Cas makes an amused noise and says, ’Humans are strange,’ pulling Dean closer. ‘And you’re one of the strangest.’
. He takes it down, switching it with a Led Zeppelin poster on the opposite wall, then gets back into bed.
Dean waits a moment then drops back into the chair, his pulse skipping. ‘What’s going on, man?’ He means more than why Cas is in such a shitty mood, why he can’t sleep, but he’s not sure it’s the right time, now, for the other conversation.
‘Hello, Dean.’
‘Yes, Dean, I—’ Castiel doesn’t know what else to say. And Dean is looking at him so openly. So
‘I don’t understand, though.’
‘Wait!’ Dean thrusts out a hand. Jack’s words have finally sunk in. He said Cas and Dean are his dads. Both of them. Jack is a half-angel-half-human teen monster. They’re
. The first few nights, after Cas came back, Dean had slept like a baby. Now, though…it’s like all the trauma has caught up with him again. But— ‘It’s still better with you here,’ he says, eventually.
It’s even nicer. Dean’s never let anyone hold him like this. He was always the one doing the spooning. The spooner, not the spoonee.
Dean’s breaths come faster and his hand grips Castiel’s forearm, but he’s not in pain. Castiel is sure of it. He feels the bliss, too. It washes through them and back again, ebbing and flowing, until Castiel’s grace pulses brighter still and then with a burst it’s over.
Dean doesn’t. What he wants is to be wherever Cas is, but he wasn’t lying about the cabin fever. The itch of it is already under his skin, if not for hunting, at least to get out, go for a drive. He wavers between the urges and ends up shrugging again and saying, ‘Nah, maybe some other time. You can borrow some of my stuff for now. Or Sam’s.’ He can’t tell if Cas looks relieved, or not.
Dean and Cas give him matching “I don’t think so” looks.
‘What?’
‘Sorry,’ he murmurs.
‘It’s probably the adrenaline receding.’
They kiss, and they kiss, and they kiss.
Dean’s brows raise. ‘Yeah?’ He swallows. ‘You felt it too?’
Dean rolls his eyes, shoving half the string at Cas. Between them, they make short work of stringing the lights above Cas’s bed; Dean turns them on when they’re done, then flips off the lamps. The room is bathed in blue and green and red, making Dean think of neon signs shining through motel room windows. It’s homey. Nice.
—mechanic and tutor respectively when they’re not helping Sam and Eileen—and they have a life together with grocery shopping and arguments and sex and movie nights.
‘How about I finish fixing your wings?’ Dean asks.
‘Ouch.’ Sam presses a hand to his chest. ‘That stung.’
‘You want me?’
‘G’night, Cas,’ Dean says.
A friend to last his whole life.
‘If you want me to.’
When Jack brought Cas back, Dean had thought things would be different. He
before breaking down, which is understandable—I sob my way through the whole film every time)
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, the edge of his mouth ticking up, ‘I’d like that.’ And he would, but mostly he likes that it’s something they can choose to do.
The coloured lights in the beer kegs suspended above them wash the room in a soft glow, mingling with the illumination of the television as Cas turns it on. His lips twitch, and his eyes raise, but he starts scrolling through Netflix. ‘Oh,’ he says, ‘Charlie told me about this one. I always meant to watch it.’
‘So, angel’s
Heat shoots through Castiel, and his lungs feel tight; he can’t talk, so he tilts his head up to kiss Dean again, wrapping a hand around the back of Dean’s neck. Dean is leaning over him, their bodies not quite touching, a maddening tease. He kisses Castiel’s mouth, his jaw, his chin. Ducks down to kiss Castiel’s neck.
Dean considers a few options. The first is that Cas is in pain and hiding himself away in his room, in which case Dean wants to know about it. He raises his hand, poised to knock, then option two presents itself to him in a rush of heat and a dry mouth.
‘I don’t know. Like naked time kind of private.’
‘I know. I know.’ Dean shakes his head. ‘But it still…’
The bacon is crispy, the eggs fluffy, and the coffee black and bitter. Castiel savours every sip and bite, even as he’s distracted by the way Dean’s foot keeps brushing his ankle beneath the table, and how Dean keeps finding excuses to touch him. But Castiel does his fair share of touching Dean, too, and it takes them three times as long as usual to finish their food.
‘Well, yeah, but… It’s us, Cas. We’ve beat a lot against worse odds. Don’t you think we can make it work?’ It’s more than a question. It’s a plea.
‘We could always go somewhere, in a little while. The two of us.’
‘Mm.’
Dean scrunches his nose up, tells Cas not to be such a cornball, but he’s never been happier.
‘Sorry, I… It’s just…’ Electricity sparks up Castiel’s spine as Dean shifts his hips; he gasps and presses his forehead to Dean’s chest. ‘So much.’
It’s barely been a week since they first made love, but Castiel already knows all the signs to tell that Dean is on the brink of orgasm. So, he tightens his hand, speeds up his thrusts, and it’s not long before Dean spills over his fist.
‘Right. But now I thought you might need them in my room.’
‘Uh, yeah…’ Dean’s voice is hoarse. He’s glad he’s lying down because he’s pretty sure his knees are
It’s said so simply, and so earnestly, in the way only Cas can say something, that Dean’s breath hitches. ‘Uh, well, Sam was just checking in and saying hi. He’s staying with Eileen a bit longer.’
‘They’re fine, Dean,’ Cas says not looking up.
‘No idea,’ Dean says, ‘but he’s our son, apparently.’
‘Why you thought it would be weird.’
At first, Dean thought maybe it was overwhelming, being back from whatever a place like The Empty might be, and Cas needed some space to adjust. Fine. Dean could give him space, no matter how much he didn’t want to let him out of his sight.
Castiel blinks. It’s not often he sees Dean like this, but something about being out here with Castiel makes Dean nervous, and Castiel doesn’t know
‘Still, I— It’s difficult, to think of you in pain, and not be able to help.’
a supermarket conversation. ‘Uh…’
friends. Dean still loves him, in his way.
‘Cool. I just wondered if you might wanna talk about…’
‘What?’
‘Yeah.’
— Dean sighs and runs a hand over his face. Jack had chosen it because rainbows are pretty, and Cas had agreed; Sam and Eileen didn’t care. So, Dean had merely grumbled under his breath, ignoring the warmth in his cheeks as the giant rainbow umbrella stuck out of their cart like a blinking neon sign.
‘Before,’ Cas says, ‘I could’ve healed your back without even touching you.’
‘I would save you a million times over,’ Dean says, ‘whether you ever saved me or not.’ He cups a hand around Castiel’s jaw. ‘Do you get that?’
move,’ Cas says, ‘and do not address me like we know each other.’
‘You told him to prove he wasn’t a bad kisser, and then he said he was going to prove it while he was right in your face.’ When Dean doesn’t reply, Sam says, ‘What did you
‘Hello, Dean.’
‘Only if you promise to, as well.’
Dean’s brows raise. ‘What?’
‘What, no!’ Dean’s old argument rises up—they’re
I’ve got a
‘What are you doing?’
‘Yeah.’ Dean rubs the back of his neck. ‘I mean, I was gonna put ‘em back up in my room.’
Anticipation thrills through Dean, almost sickening; he nods and shucks his shirt, heart beating like a double kick drum. Cas palms his side, and Dean knows—he
‘Open that one next,’ Cas says, pointing to one of the two remaining gifts.
‘I don’t mind.’ Castiel runs his hands up Dean’s thighs, settles them on Dean’s hips. ‘Whatever you’re comfortable with.’
The fluttering in Dean’s stomach dissolves and he barks out a laugh. ‘You’re dorks,’ he says. He looks at Cas and Jack. ‘All of you.’
But they also decide that they can’t let Jack try to get back to the future—Dean’s
Cas follows and, after he grabs his robe, Dean does too.
‘You don’t,’ Jack says, ‘but—’
Anyway, Cas was proving a point when he kissed Dean like Dean had dared him to. Whatever it does, or doesn’t, mean to Dean, it was just a matter of pride for Cas. Stomach churning, and head mixed up, Dean knocks on Cas’s door. There’s a grunt from the other side that Dean takes for an invitation, and he pushes the door open. ‘Hey,’ he says.
‘I’m proving it to you,’ Cas says, leaning in. Very slowly. He raises his hands to Dean’s face, cupping his jaw.
Dean reaches out, brushing his knuckle along the dark smudge under Cas’s eye. ‘Well, you look like shit.’
‘That has little to do with anything.’
‘Talk.’ Dean’s throat works. ‘Not about what’s important. I thought… I thought this would be
Dean walks Cas back toward the bed, pushing gently until Cas sits on the edge. It barely breaks their kiss as Dean follows, kneeling between the spread of Cas’s legs, and narrowly avoiding kneeing him in the nuts.
‘Yeah.’
Castiel lifts his hips and lets Dean slide his pants down, watches as Dean throws them over the side of the bed.
‘It was,’ Cas says.
If Castiel is being honest, Dean’s been on edge ever since he pulled Castiel out of the Empty. It’s not like Dean to be this nervous around him, and Castiel, though he has no regrets about saving Dean or confessing his love, wonders if he’s damaged their friendship irrevocably. If it will always be awkward between them now.
‘Look, you done playing nurse? It’s getting late, I should start dinner.’
Dean nods once. ‘I guess.’ He clears his throat and opens his eyes. ‘I didn’t think I’d get to 40, let alone 42.’ He shrugs. ‘Shit, I didn’t think I’d make 35 or even 30.’ He lets out a long shuddering breath. There is more he could say, there’s more they both could say, but they don’t need to. He looks at Cas and knows that he gets that, too. He swallows. ‘Hey, I just thought of something.’
‘Yeah?’
‘You can help me do yoga?’
—Cas doesn’t have to touch him to heal him, and when he does, he usually presses two fingers to Dean’s skin. But this is the full breadth of Cas’s palm, long fingers curling around his ribs, his thumb brushing a little too close to his nipple.
Dean doesn’t need to think anymore. He leans down and kisses Cas again. ‘Let’s just see where this goes,’ he says, pushing Cas back down to the bed when Cas nods.
‘That will be nice,’ Cas says. ‘I miss them.’
It’s not the most sophisticated strategy, but Cas has been an elusive bastard, and Dean doesn’t know what else to do. If Dean weren’t a mess of conflicting emotions, he might be impressed that Cas has managed to avoid him so thoroughly when they’re the only two people in the bunker, and neither of them have left since Sam went to see Eileen two days ago.
‘I—’ Castiel shifts his weight. ‘Yes?’
‘My back is sore.’ Cas pushes himself up with a hand braced on his thigh, the other going to the small of his back. ‘I guess it was how I slept.’
‘It’s OK.’ Cas pulls Dean into another kiss, hands fisted in his shirt.
‘I thought you…’ Cas sighs, shoulders slumping, and looks down. ‘I— I am sorry. I thought you’d realised what I was going to do.’
‘Uh, no.’ There’s something about the kid, though. He reminds Dean of… ‘Cas!’
‘I did,’ Jack says, ‘but Cas helped me make them.’
fault. I— I—‘
‘Why not?’
‘Hey, that, uh, thing you said…’
‘Fuck, yeah,’ Dean says, thrusting into Castiel’s hand. ‘But here…’ He reaches between them, guiding Castiel’s hand to wrap around both of their cocks.
if you’re into reblogging those—thanks in advance to anyone who checks it out :) Or just come over and say hi if you want! :)
‘Okay.’
It’s not until the day has worn away, evening settling in, that anything more comes of Dean’s suspicions. He’s making his way to the kitchen, yelling out, ‘I’ll start dinner,’ with Cas frantic two steps behind him and Sam blocking the doorway.
‘Oh.’ Years ago, that would have meant little to Castiel. This body was not his, after all, his true self beyond what most humans could comprehend. But it’s been his body for years, and though he doesn’t like to think himself vain, there’s something pleasing about Dean finding him attractive. ‘Thank you.’
‘What?’ Sam coaxes.
Before he can think better of it, Dean rounds the bed, settling behind Cas. Knees either side of Cas’s hips. They’ll give him hell, later, but for now he only thinks about the breadth of Cas’s shoulders as he lays his palms flat on them.
‘This isn’t a competition.’ Cas gives him a sad half-smile. ‘I have regrets, but to regret everything…it’s too heavy a burden.’ His brow furrows. ‘I don’t want to carry that anymore.’
me.’ Dean’s face burns and his heart squeezes tight. ‘But I am gonna hold you to what you said.’
‘I can’t send him back, but I can help Jack concentrate his powers,’ Cas says, ‘make sure he gets back to where he belongs.’
Dean blinks, heat rushing to his face. All the possibilities of Cas helping Dean take a bath swarm around his brain, and it’s a miracle he manages to sound normal when he says, ‘I was kidding.’
if you’re into reblogging those things :)
He works his thumbs into the knots in Cas’s shoulders, sweeps his palms over his shoulder blades. Wonders where Cas’s wings used to sprout from as he fans his fingers out. ‘Do you miss them?’ he asks.
Castiel does, of course, because they’re important to Dean, and plenty of them are entertaining. But he enjoys seeing Dean riled up and knows Dean enjoys it, too. ‘Yes, I pay attention.
‘Will it?’
‘Of course.’ Castiel squeezes Dean’s shoulder. The raised skin beneath his palms fills him with a strange sensation. Something deep and primal. ‘Why did you want it back?’
Cas is
Cas wipes himself off, casting the towel aside, and fixes Dean with an expectant look.
I’ve got
A word that’s big enough for what Cas means to him. Dean’s eyes flick to the screen, entranced as Spock enters V’ger’s mind. As a kid, it was Dean’s least favourite Trek film, too slow and pensive, but there’s something appealing about it, now. His mind wanders to the beat-up novelisation he has sitting on his nightstand, and that’s when it hits him, in all its nerd glory.
‘If there’s too much tape I can get some scissors.’
Castiel watches Dean disappear into the bathroom and then ascends the stairs.
They’ve been together and known each other long enough that Dean barely hesitates in saying ’T’hy’la,’ but his face heats all the same.
‘It’s obviously not true, Dean.’
‘Christmas lights?’ Cas is still on the bed, but he’s shifted so he’s sitting at the foot, hands resting on his knees, spine slouched in exhaustion.
‘You want me to…’
Cas blinks. ‘Yes.’
Dean snorts and says, ‘You’re something else, you know,’ and then it’s as though the dam has broken, and they fall into easier conversation.
Dean has said more than once in the past that relationships don’t fit with their line of work. And Castiel himself has met more single or widowed hunters than he has happily coupled. He doesn’t believe that this vacation is just a fling for Dean—his love is deep and strong and staggering—but Castiel doesn’t know how this is going to work. He has no experience with this.
Cas shifts beneath him, saying, ‘Did I do something—’
‘It’s from
‘OK, I’m leaving it,’ Dean says.
It takes every ounce of willpower Dean has not to launch himself across the tub, but— ‘If I come over there, we’re only gonna have the same problem the other way around.’
Oh, and as I mentioned in the first chapter, I
like that,’ Dean says on a moan, hitching his leg higher around Castiel’s waist, driving him closer.
Cas gives a curt nod and then he sweeps out of Dean’s room.
‘Good,’ Cas says, turning to face Dean. ‘Because I think I could spend hours bringing you pleasure and it wouldn’t be enough.’
‘I think…’ Cas’s mood darkens again. ‘I think it’s the room.’
There are a few beats of silence, then Dean says, ‘Why’d you heal it?’
‘I’m fine, I just—’
‘Hey,’ Dean says.
‘Only top five?’
Dean is about to shoot another quip back when Jack says, quiet but matter-of-fact: ‘This isn’t a castle where people fight.’
‘Doesn’t that mean I get to do what I want?’ Dean turns to look at him. ‘Like make dinner?’
Still, Castiel whispers, ‘Is this right?’
Cas stares him down a moment, eyes narrowed, then relents, holding the shirt out to Dean. But Dean doesn’t take it. It feels wrong, putting Cas’s clothes in this room. Like they don’t belong here and neither does Cas. They belong in Dean’s room, with Dean’s shirts and pants and their boots should be side by side by his bed.
knew?’ Castiel quirks a brow. He’d been the one to suggest starting with the bedclothes, but Dean had been too eager to unpack everything else and make the house more of a home.
‘You’re so beautiful,’ he says.
‘Come to me, Dean.’
‘Gee, why don’t I believe that?’ Dean huffs. ‘Was it… Did bringing you back do this?’
‘I think Jack might have been right about the future, about messing it up.’ Sam looks at Jack. ‘Do we ever talk about meeting you before, in the future?’ He screws his face up. ‘Uh, you know what I mean.’
‘Well, I ain’t stopping you.’
. It’s… How does he explain why he’s being so weird without sounding like an idiot? He shrugs. ‘But, uh, it’s been a while.’
‘OK.’ Dean isn’t sure how that can be true, but then he’d give up almost anything for Cas in a heartbeat, knowing he wouldn’t regret it. ‘And I don’t feel obligated.’
‘Wouldn’t dream of it.’ Castiel smiles back, then presses another kiss to Dean’s mouth. ‘Anyway, I thought we were going to pick another date to celebrate.’
The bottom of Dean’s stomach drops out. ‘Do you really think I’d be that cruel?’
That’s true, Castiel thinks. Maybe he got it wrong, the little spark of hope says. Maybe Dean isn’t letting him down, but the opposite. Or maybe it’s even worse, the doubt says. Maybe Dean doesn’t even want to be friends and… No. Castiel may have done and thought a lot of stupid things, but he can’t believe that. Not now. Still, he’s tired and confused, and all he can say is, ‘Then…why?’
‘Of course I do. I love sex!’ Dean winces.
‘What, how?’
‘Uh…’ Dean rubs his hand over the back of his neck and frowns. ‘Look, we should get those pants off.’ He clears his throat. ‘I mean, you should take them off and give them to me.’
But Dean soon pushes gently at Castiel’s chest and jerks a thumb over his shoulder. ‘Uh, I just gotta…’ He coughs. ‘Bathroom.’
Cas moves around to the side of the bath, standing there and staring down at Dean. And Dean doesn’t know what to do or say, he only knows that now Cas has touched him he wants
Dean scrunches his nose up. ‘You said that last night.’
A shuddering breath escapes Cas, cold air puffing over Dean’s wet shoulder, and he says, ‘Just try.’
Castiel sighs and says, ‘Are you okay with it?’
Having Dean so close makes Castiel’s brain muzzy, and it takes him a moment to say, ‘Straighten any crooked feathers, and you can pluck out the loose ones.’
‘Yes. Technically, they’re feral—they were imported there in the 1800s for transportation, and then many were released into the wild after motorised transportation replaced the need for them.’
‘Yeah, maybe. We’ve got a few we could choose from. First kiss. Other firsts.’ Dean waggles his brows, but then his expression sobers once more. ‘Or even when you raised me.’
Jack flinches. He has every time Cas calls him ‘thing’ or ‘abomination’. It pings something for Dean but he lets it slide for now, and says, ‘Got some kinda angelic paternity test we can do?’ He holds his hands up at Cas’s glare. ‘Just in case.’
and he’s so damn easy for Cas. He tenses from head to toe, and Cas holds him tighter as Dean spills over his hand.
(They’d be good, wouldn’t they? They’d be so good.)
. But Dean always takes care of everyone and there’s part of Castiel that wants…something. Wants to take care of Dean, or take him apart, or both, and he says, ‘No.’
He offers the trench coat, hands trembling, hoping Cas sees it for what it is. An olive branch. A token. (Of what, Dean can’t, won’t, say.)
Cas makes a noncommittal sound and says, ‘Yes, Captain,’ and then Dean kisses him before he can be even more of a smartass.
Their talk eased some of Castiel’s worries, but whatever was left melts away under Dean’s gaze. Castiel nods again and says, ‘Yes,’ and he knows that he is.
Castiel looks at the potatoes and sighs. This is the best compromise he’ll likely get, and short of tying Dean to a chair, he can’t force Dean to relax while he makes dinner. So he says, ‘Deal,’ and starts peeling.
Cas huffs, but he looks pleased, untucking his shirt and letting it fall to the floor. His pants go next, and Dean’s immediately fixated by his thighs. They’re solid muscle, and Dean wonders what they’d feel like under his mouth or pushing his own thighs apart.
It takes a moment for the words to sink in, but when they do, Castiel can hardly believe them. Dean loves him—he
‘I don’t understand why it would be weird to cuddle when I’ve had my penis in your—’
Dean raises his brows. ‘Done this before?’
Speaking of Tumblr, there is
It’s Cas’s. Because Cas gave Dean a back rub, and Dean gave him one. Dean groans. He was acting like a freaking teenager, desperate to get his hands on his crush any way he could. Another stalling tactic, instead of manning up and telling Cas what he’s been meaning to for days.
Dean huffs and kicks Cas again. ‘Shut up,’ he says, but he’s smiling and Cas is smiling back at him.
Dean flushes. ‘Right.’ He’d been pulling Cas’s pigtails, essentially. ‘But why didn’t she want to see you again?’
There may not be a lot of experience for Castiel to draw on, but any worries he may have had about not kissing well enough are shattered by the little sounds Dean is making and how tightly he holds onto Castiel.
He still feels tired, but it’s a peaceful tired now. Not the stretched-too-thin exhaustion that had its hold on him earlier. And with Cas holding him tight and, Dean suspects, keeping the water warm around them, he no longer feels that deep pervading emptiness. He is calm and content in a way he so rarely is. But there’s one thing on his mind.
‘Haven’t been up long.’
Castiel follows, saying, ‘But your ankle—’
Heat rushes Dean and he has to swallow a few times to work up enough saliva to say, ‘Didn’t ask you to.’
The beating of Dean’s heart and the rise and fall of his chest lull Castiel into a meditative state. He looks forward to the morning, to waking up beside Dean in their new home, to having breakfast with their family. And, more than that, to every morning, day, and night for the rest of their lives.
Bacon pops, eggs sizzle, the percolator gurgles; Cas grunts when Dean says, ‘Morning, sunshine,’ plating the bacon and eggs. At the last moment, he decides to arrange them into smiley faces—they could do with some extra cheer. ‘Sleep better?’
‘No.’
Fuck, but Dean
Two fuck-ups cut from the same cloth, doing the best they can with the shitty hands they’ve been dealt.
Cas sighs and presses his lips to Dean temple. ‘Thank you.’
Sam rolls his eyes. ‘OK, so you figured us out, well done.’
In a moment of whimsy, Dean will find a sturdy twig and write their initials in the sand and Cas will smile at him in the way that makes Dean’s heart beat. They’ll return to their motel room, shower to wash the salt and sand from their skin, make love and fall asleep in each other’s arms to the wet purr of the air conditioner.
Dean lifts his shoulders and crosses his arms over his stomach. ‘Yeah, well, thought it’d be nice to get away from it all. You know, after everything.’
Cas blinks up at him, eyes dark, lips parted.
‘Do you— Are you OK?’ Cas asks.
A bright feeling blooms in Dean’s chest. ’Course,’ he says, ‘I’ll go, uh’—he waggles the plates, then waves at himself—‘and meet you in the Dean Cave?’
‘You know, I couldn’t come in here for so long,’ Dean says, like he hasn’t heard Castiel, ‘but then I needed something down here and I didn’t even think about it.’
There’s a beat of heavy silence before Cas answers, ‘Because you knew I wanted you to,’ voice careful and guarded.
‘Yes.’
If Cas
that is kind of a soundtrack for this fic :)
‘I don’t know.’
Dean crosses his arms over his chest and leans back against the Impala. ‘It’s not really that different.’ At the dubious look Castiel gives him, Dean goes on: ‘I mean, it was always you and me ’til the end of the line, right? Whether we were together like this, or not. Nothing’s really changed.’
Dean chuckles.
, the timbre of his voice sends a shiver down Dean’s spine, ‘I didn’t kiss my date like that.’
him. Castiel can hardly believe it. Tongue loosened by Dean’s touch, Castiel slurs out, ‘Do you really love me?’ and Dean’s hands pause. ‘Don’t stop.’
Cas shakes his head. ‘You’re lying. You must be.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘I figured if the lamps are too bright, but you don’t wanna be in the dark, maybe these’ll help.’ He rubs a hand over the back of his neck; some of the string unspools, lights clattering to the floor. He winces. ‘And it’ll liven up your room a bit.’
‘You don’t have to—‘ Sam starts, but Cas recounts his date, starting with pulling her chair out and ending with the good night kiss.
Dean almost feels bad for him, even if it makes no sense for him to be put out by what Cas said. What monster cares about being called an abomination?
Cas raises his hand again and lays his palm on Jack’s forehead; Jack raises his own hands, stretching them toward Sam and Dean and Cas. Cas’s eyes flare ice-blue and Jack’s flare gold.
to… What? Let you down gently? Is that what you’re saying?’
But Cas doesn’t seem satisfied. He catches Dean’s chin between his thumb and forefinger, inspecting Dean’s face with a furrow in his brow. Dean looks at Cas’s mouth, his jaw, his neck, the tip of his ear. But not Cas’s eyes, which are all but burning into him. There are no marks to find on Dean’s face, though, so Cas drops his hand.
‘Ow, what?’ Dean rubs his shin.
Dean wiggles his toes then shuffles back until he’s sitting at the head of the bed. He grabs Cas’s arm, tugging him closer, and says, ‘Getting comfortable.’
‘Well, these are nice ones.’
Cas tilts his head, eyes narrowed. His voice is careful, but resolute, when he says, ‘You’re not empty, Dean.’
It’s Dean who comes first, spilling between them, untouched, breathing out
There’s something about Cas… He looks into Dean, sees him stripped to his core. It’s terrifying and wonderful. Dean wants to trust Cas—
Cas turns from the TV now to look at Dean, brow furrowed. ‘Yes.’
were mine.’
‘I am
‘I’m not!’ Dean finally steps over the threshold, closing the door behind him. ‘I mean…you’ve got wings, dude. That’s awesome on its own. But…’ His gaze runs along the span of Castiel’s wings, starting at the tip of one, ending at the other. The look in his eyes is awed and something Castiel can’t put a name to. Dean licks his lips. ‘Yours are, um…’ He shrugs. ‘Awesome.’
And maybe it should be embarrassing for
Cas’s eyes narrow and his frowns deepen. ‘Yes…that’s why you put them up in here.’
That’s where Cas finds him, around dinner or maybe later, surprising Dean with a slightly burnt grilled cheese sandwich.
Dean’s heart leaps. He doesn’t want to assume, but he’s all lit up with hope. He bites back a smile as he says, ‘And who’s that?’
‘You seriously don’t care?’
‘If you don’t like this, we can sleep the way we usually do.’ Even though he’s talking into Dean’s neck, Dean can hear the disappointment in Cas’s voice.
‘It’s important.’
‘Guess I’m cleaning up the beer, then?’
Somewhere in the background, someone makes a choked noise—probably Sam—and then all Dean hears is white noise because Cas leans in and their lips are touching.
Later, when they are lying entangled and sated, Cas sighs and says, ‘I never thought I could have this.’ He runs his hand down Dean’s arm. ‘That we could be lovers’
‘What do you want to do today?’ Dean asks.
‘Well, I ain’t being celibate for the rest of my life!’
Cas blinks at Dean like he’s grown an extra head. ‘I don’t know what that means.’
Dean bites his lip and lifts his shoulders. If he speaks, now, he’s going to spill it all. How he’d felt like he was drowning when Cas was gone, not just this time, but the time before and the time before that. How he’s not sure he’ll survive the next time. There won’t be a next time, though. Not on his watch. He turns toward Cas, hand braced on the counter, throat clicking as he swallows.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the distance, a trucker leans on their horn. Sam makes that noise again. Dean coughs. Jack blinks. ‘Right,’ Dean says.
each other.’
‘Good.’ Warm breath skims the back of Castiel’s neck. ‘What should I do?’
‘I don’t know…’ Dean considers how to explain without sounding like a total idiot. ‘Guess I thought it’d be, I don’t know, too intimate.’
‘Hell yes,’ Dean says, digging his heels into the small of Castiel’s back, ‘now, come on and move.’
Around lunch, Dean loses track of Cas, spends way too long looking for him, before he gives up and does a load of laundry, then he cleans and oils his guns. He texts Sam and texts Claire, too, but neither text him back soon enough to be a distraction. Jack texts back right away, so Dean keeps up a conversation with him in between chapters of
Before Cas can move again, Dean curls his hand around his bicep, holding him in place. ‘Mm, I like this present,’ he says, and kisses Cas again.
‘Dean,’ Castiel adds, with a dark look, ‘I could spend an eternity by your side and I wouldn’t get sick of you,’ then regrets having said so much.
Dean’s a fucking coward. He looks around the room,
‘What is?’
Heart hammering against his ribs, Dean watches as Cas sheds his trench coat and suit jacket, rolling up the sleeves of his shirt. He watches as Cas turns the faucets, water streaming into the tub, and fights the urge to turn tail and run.
But Cas is beside him, grumpy, exasperated, fussing with the hat he’s wearing
‘We’ve already started,’ Sam says.
‘Nothing, just… Now I’m gonna have that song stuck in my head.’
‘Dean, it could be a trick—’
Castiel lifts his shoulders. He has no idea about these things. He can work the washing machine well enough, now, when Dean lets him, but that’s as far as his knowledge of cleaning clothes extends. He leans back against the sink, watching Dean. For a moment, he lets himself imagine that this is their home, that they do this every night. Not the wine spilling, but the rest.
Pride wells up in Castiel that he can make Dean so happy. He reaches up to brush a thumb over the newly formed scar. ‘You know, this was easier than I thought it would be. Like it was still there beneath the surface.’ He sucks in a breath. ‘And I felt…’
The door slams open and Sam stomps in with his big Sasquatch feet, blissfully unaware of the chaos inside. ‘Hey, Cas,’ he says, dropping his satchel. Then, his gaze swings slowly to Jack and he’s on alert. ‘Who’s our new friend?’
‘Sure.’
‘I honestly never thought this far. I never thought you’d—’ Castiel’s words stop short at how stricken Dean looks. And hey may not have thought this far, but Dean is right. They’ve overcome so much, so Castiel says, ‘But…I think if anyone can, why not us?’
But halfway through dessert—a tart cherry pie that stings Castiel’s tongue pleasantly—something shifts. Dean’s jaw clenches, and he says, ‘I can’t—’ then looks at Castiel, shoulders slumping.
. Again—that Dean has time to think about it properly. A word that’s big enough for what Cas means to him.
Even in the candlelight, Castiel can see that Dean is blushing. It looks good on him. Dean coughs and says, ‘I’ll go…fix these,’ waving the pants and pushing his chair abruptly back from the table. ‘You should put some pants on,’ he adds over his shoulder.
‘You want a demonstration?’
The urge to snap his wings away is so strong, but Dean has already seen them, now, so Castiel doesn’t bother. He stands with his arms crossed, meeting Dean’s gaze with a defiance he doesn’t entirely feel. ‘Knocking is pointless if you’re not going to wait to be invited in.’
Dean would feel bad—probably—if he weren’t still so giddy over Cas
‘I told you…’ Cas presses his lips together. ‘About the dark.’
Cas looks up, eyes bloodshot and red-rimmed. ‘Well...I slept. That’s an improvement.’
Dean lets out a long breath. It’s only an umbrella. And it’s not wrong, anyway. His gaze drops from the dazzling line of the horizon to where his arms rest over his knees. They’re a little pink, despite the sunscreen Cas had insisted on before he’d let Dean leave their motel room. Dean had protested—‘We’re not even outside yet!’ ‘Sunscreen doesn’t work immediately, Dean, you have to do it before you go outside’—and then let Cas slather it all over him.
‘No. This wasn’t destined or pre-ordained.’ Even with Chuck’s power over them gone, Castiel knows Dean still worries from time to time about what’s real, what’s not. ‘It just is. It’s just us.’
‘Excuse me,’ someone huffs a moment before a hand lands on his shoulder.
Dean closes his hand around it, then shoves it at Cas. ‘Nah, I said you could choose.’
‘Course!’ It’s a little too offhand. His tone pitched a little too high.
Castiel feels dizzy with it and stumbles forward into Dean.
Dean swallows thickly. ‘That I love you, too.’
‘I know.’ Cas’s eyes sparkle. He rests a hand on Dean’s knee, squeezing gently. ‘It doesn’t matter what you call me.’
‘Cas, it’s me, it’s Jack.’ The kid steps forward, the motion awkward and halting.
Cas gives him a look, but Dean waves him off and grabs some beers from the fridge, and they return to the Dean cave, the air fraught between them.
‘OK,’ Cas says, still smiling.
And then Dean sets to work, and Castiel finds his voice caught in his throat. It’s not as though Dean has never touched him, but a ‘well done, pal’ clap on the back or a hug on the brink of death is different from this. Castiel has never been touched like this. Not by Dean, not by anyone.
going on a second date with the evil-eyed waitress. (…okay, she was nice, and cute, and sweet, but she was not right for Cas. Clearly. If she was, she’d have seen how awesome and hot and dateable Cas is. Or…something.)
‘Bacon. And a gallon of coffee.’
This, he’s good at. The talking, the feelings, not his wheelhouse, even if he’s trying to be better at them. But this he can do. He’s always been good with sex. Even if it’s been a while…
‘Good idea,’ Cas says. He considers Jack, head tilted. ’Is that all that happened?’
Dean raises his brows as Cas stoops over, dipping his elbow into the bath. Despite everything, his lips quirk, and he says, ‘That’s what you do for babies.’
‘It’s not the bed.’ Cas turns his coffee mug in his palms. ‘The room feels too big but…it’s too small at the same time.’ A sigh. ‘It makes no sense. I can’t explain it. It feels…’ He trails off, like he can’t find the right word, and shrugs.
When Dean answers, his voice carries with it something confessional, and he clears his throat to say, ‘Makes me feel like…I belong to you.’
Dean snorts, but he nods, and this time he goes when Cas pulls on his shoulder. He rests his back against the edge of the tub but keeps his knees raised. There’s a moment where this feels like a mistake, where he is going to tell Cas he can handle the rest, tell him to forget this ever happened, because what the hell is he thinking?
But then Cas looks over in his direction, expression clearing and making way for something Dean can only think of as
But, for now, it’s just the two of them, and the road before them, leading them home.
He ignores the feeling in the pit of his stomach telling him that nothing will ever be normal between them again, whether or not Dean ever mans up and
‘Thanks, Sammy,’ he says, letting everything he feels in that moment come through in those three syllables. But before it can turn too schmaltzy he adds, ‘I mean, I needed some new underwear. Cas keeps tearing mine off me.’ He waggles his brows for good measure.
when she said it. And then Sam had gone to see Eileen, and Dean had been glad to be alone with Cas, but now he almost wishes they had a buffer.
‘Anything.’
They lie together for a while until Dean says, ‘Okay, up and at ‘em. I don’t wanna get back to the bunker too late,’ and hauls himself out of bed.
There’s no reply for so long that Dean is about to give up, when Cas finally calls out, ‘Come in,’ in a tone that doesn’t sound entirely convinced of its invitation.
Because maybe those aren’t grunts of groans of pain but
Jack explains that he does, in some ways, but he hadn’t actually meant to travel back in time. Or, not so far. He’d been trying to go back a few minutes, because he’d broken one of Dean’s favourite mixing bowl—which, what the heck, Dean has a favourite mixing bowl?—and felt bad. That he overshot by a good few years troubles Dean and he can tell it troubles Cas, too. If he can do something like this by accident…
It’s almost enough to make Dean laugh. No one’s ever said that to him before. And he’d figured if anyone was going to be reluctant, it would be Cas. Cas, who is looking at Dean without an ounce of judgement, who doesn’t care that Dean hasn’t had sex in three years, or that he’s acting like a damn blushing virgin.
If he was expecting Cas to at least be happy at his invitation, then he’s disappointed.
‘I could help.’
‘Ah.’
‘No.’
‘Tell me.’
‘Yeah?’
Cas only raises a brow and says, ‘I was under the impression people get undressed to bathe,’ and runs his gaze pointedly over Dean’s still-clothed body.
‘Thought you understood the mechanics,’ Dean says after a few moments, though his voice is hoarse despite the insolence.
It’s Cas’s turn to blush, and, yeah, that’s a good look on him. ‘It was the other way around. I didn’t think it would be fair to her to go on a second date.’
hard to look that way, which means he's upset too.
"They're a... guilty pleasure."
"Even after the fall?" Bucky asks, "Didn't he pull some crazy shit, ground them all?"
good reasons to want Lucifer dead." He continues.
"He knows them." Sam continues, "He'll be fine-"
Dean: It'd be hard for anyone
He grins wide at this stupid rectangular block of light and the man sitting all the way on the other end of it five states over... and the line between angel and human grows a little thinner as Cas loves with the full heart of both and neither creature.
If it was, that's a lot bigger a problem than a simple hangover. He might have to bring Cas back in the loop on this- or Jody...
There will be text images in this chapter, if for any reason you’re unable to view them their transcriptions will be in the end notes following the chapter.
And Ennis dips his nose down on the shoulder, inhales.
The demon takes a slow step forward- just one, then swings. Dean jolts back, narrowly missing the blade. He takes a second swing from the left this time- stepping forward so Dean can sidestep out of the way and to the opposite end of the room, beside Loraine.
He jerks back slightly, "I'll make do with what I've got."
I may take a brief intermission following this chapter to really solidify the next few before posting them, so hang on for those. But this one I'm hoping keeps you all a bit interested for the time being while I work through those.
He raises himself out of the vehicle, raising a large unidentifyable weapon in tandem with the movement- and trains it directly on the SUV.
"It was a joke, Cas." Dean groans, now grabbing his water glass, "You remember jokes-"
Cas ignores the both of them, "Okay, so this concert, all these people, what is- what is Lucifer planning to do?"
A loud
"What?"
But no, this- this was supposed to work. Dean doesn't die this way, it's not supposed to be like-
What's worse is the woman still seems completely unaffected. Like she doesn't care at all that her daughter is dead.
Cas snaps, and that one grumpy syllable honest to god makes Dean almost beam outright for how happy he is to hear that stupid angel voice.
like that's
Cas considers heavily, his brows drawing together and staring down at the bottle slowing to a wobbly stop.
It's like watching Dean turn into a character of himself. An old, tired face he pulls signaling some sort of internal shut off. The sheer fact of implementing it is only a hope in tempering down whatever emotion he's putting on lockdown inside.
Text convo Cas to Dean 10:41 PM
Sam tilts his head in question, and Cas continues, "Look at Lucifer. All he seems to have wanted is a return in his devotion to his father. It ruined him..." a pause, "Cain. Amara. Even your father. Everything always starts with a care for another turning... sour." He quirks a brow, eyes flitting in thought, "It's interesting, isn't it?"
"Yeah." he straightens, immediately peering about the room, "Okay. Uh, maybe wish you hadn't had done that just yet."
, he knows that John wouldn't have killed the family- but Magda won't know that and she's capable of far more than his father is aware.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas looked at him with that typical head tilt smirk and kind eyes that really showed the depth of the angel’s appreciation for the gift.
"...turns out this ape did read a book or two." Dean says, moving over to Sam to start unfastening his ties.
The woman is clearly suspicious, as anyone in their right mind would be with this man on the line, "Is everything all right, doctor?"
"Thanks, dad." Dean responds sarcastically, and gets to his feet. He offers a hand to Cas- who might even be a bit worse for wear than him- tugs him to his feet. Their sides clash together as Cas finds his footing. Dean steps away first.
"Got something. S.U.V. ran a red light a few blocks from here, 2:21 a.m." Dean sits back in the chair, looking up at John as he turns the laptop in his direction, "Wasn't another car for 40 minutes. I know how to do my job, Dad."
Mick continues, "You don't play well with others-"
.. and boy did I bring him places he's
He scoffs, flicking his eyes between Sam and the road, “What’s this really about? Magda?”
The answer should be their father, of course. Father trumps best friend, he'll have to be okay with that for their sake.
Cas looks back to Mick, who's eyeing him up and down, a crooked smile on his lips, "I reckon you could finish me off without breaking a sweat. Am I right?"
Maybe Cas'll survive. If Cas dies too, at least they'll do that together. 'Til the last breath.
"I know that."
"Girl had cuts on her back like she'd been whipped, holes puncturing her hands and feet, pinprick wounds around the top of her skull." He recites, holding up the coroner's report and handing off the file to Dean.
"What?"
Alright, alright, Dean can take a hint. Sammy wants a little alone time with the red-head he'll wingman over here-
He plasters on a grin, "You're not gonna give me the whole 'love who you wanna love' speech, are you?"
"When did he go?"
"Ah, she kinda had a crush on me." He jokes, coughing to clear his throat.
have a body. This one's his now, but it's a suit. You take that away, Cas is still Cas. It's in his eyes when they glow white, or in the warmth that stretches from his fingers through Dean's wounds and mends them by hand.
Sam: I gave you my password last week
"Hey, man," The sound of his voice tugs at Cas' attention, so he holds up the mugs.
he's being weird about it and all of this is only punctuated by the look of their last couple of texts where he sent a damn heart emoji to the guy.
The door clicks shut, and Dean lets out the breath he'd been holding from the moment Cas slid off the bed. He
"Okay, Sam Winchester-" Sam says, placing his own hand flat on his chest, then moves it to Dean's own chest, "Dean Winchester. You're my brother. Our mom is Mary Winchester. Dad is John Winchester. Cas- Castiel. He's an angel. He's our best friend. Okay?" Sam nods, encouraging Dean to do the same.
"We're here to talk, that's it. We come in peace." Sam pleads, "Just... hear us out."
"You watch too much Animal Planet.” Dean tightens his arms around his chest, not appreciating the comparison, and scoffs absently, “What would you know about that, anyway?"
Cas simply looks at him, not understanding this less-than-grand motive in the slightest. "Why?" he asks.
It's the first holiday any of them have spent together, so it's clear Cas hasn't forgotten the possible negative connotations of his presence. Nervously shifting in place, he's straighting his tie and somehow making it more crooked.
, since we last tried to kill each other."
So he watches it all go to shit, like it was always going to.
What is it that Dean's even wanting here? It had confused him last night and it continues to now.
