John gave a choked laugh.  “I don’t think it works that way, Sherlock.”  He scrubbed his face with his hands and drew a deep breath.  When he turned around to look at Sherlock, his expression was set. He said, “Get your coat, Sherlock. I’m taking you back to London.”
Something wasn't right...as John held him, rather than relaxing, Sherlock's body stiffened and his emotions began to tear at him again.  He curled into a ball in John’s lap and sobbed. “I don’t feel well. It aches, John, I’m empty and alone…Please help me!”
It was over 24 hours after the events of the previous evening when the doctor informed Sherlock that he could visit John. John was recovering physically, he said, although regaining his full strength would take some months. He had had emergency blood filtering and skin grafting procedures to remove all traces of Harvey from his system, for if anything of his previous bond partner remained it would only poison him. The bond was now cleanly severed but at great cost to John's body, already traumatized by the loss of the baby. This was to say nothing of his mental state, which the doctor did not address.
“John. John Watson. Yes, of course. I’m sorry you had to witness that. I didn’t think…I’m sorry.” It was John’s turn to sound uncomfortable.
After supper, with the dishes washed and put away, Sherlock sat at the table with his lap-top and John, sitting on the couch, resumed reading his book, The Urban Social Geography of London, which he had begun earlier in the day. Despite the quietness, Sherlock found it difficult to concentrate. Instead, he found himself casting frequent side-long glances at John. The evening was chilly. The temperature outside had dipped significantly over the course of the day to where it was now hovering on freezing. John was wearing his thick sweater but Sherlock found himself worrying that John was not warm enough. He rose from the table and lit the gas fire.
John interrupted, “Sherlock! Don’t try to distract me from my point; I’m talking about you possibly having sustained a serious concussion from throwing yourself off of a warehouse roof into a skip!”
Thank you very much for reading the story and letting me know that you liked it.  I'm ending it here (except for a short epilogue which I will post very soon) but you can be certain that John and Sherlock and their children live happily ever after together at 221 B Baker Street.  Thank you again for reading!
"Let me go to him!" rasped Sherlock, finding it difficult to speak with the ham-like fist pinning him to the wall by the throat.
Bloody hell! John cursed as he reclined the passenger seat and dragged a blanket from the back seat to pull over the now limp Blackburn. He’d been sloppy; it was his own damn fault that he now had the burden of an incapacitated captive. He’d let himself be distracted by….by…what? What was it about Blackburn that was making him so uneasy? John wasn’t certain−which annoyed him even more than he was already. Thrusting the questions from his mind he jammed the vehicle into gear and drove determinedly onward.
"John−" Sherlock stopped and looked around carefully.
“I’d like to give you something to stop the pain before I bind your ankle, would you let me, Ælfscíene?”
John turned from the window to see Sherlock, his face sober, holding out his right hand for John to grasp.  John smiled slowly and nodded, accepting the hand offered to him.
“Check you out?” questioned Sherlock, his expression of concern easing.
Three o’clock in the morning found John waiting for Blackburn to exit the after-hours Chinese restaurant that the young scientist often frequented on his way home after late nights of work in his BC lab. As Blackburn emerged from the restaurant, before he had time to step out onto the pavement, still in the dark alcove of the entrance of the now closed business, John was pressing the muzzle of an automatic pistol against his neck, where it was hidden from view under his cashmere scarf, and forcing Blackburn into the front seat of a waiting vehicle – to all appearances just a friend helping a mate out with a ride home after perhaps one too many drinks.
“No. Put the gun down. I’m turning myself over to you.” It was Sherlock’s low voice as he stepped from the passenger side of the car with his arms raised.
He then gripped Sherlock’s hair and forced his face up to Ed’s cock while pinching Sherlock’s nostrils closed with his other hand. Ed gripped the base of his cock and eagerly readied himself to thrust into Sherlock’s mouth when Sherlock would be forced to open it to gasp for breath.
December nodded and beamed. A smile as bright as his eyes thought John, even through the layers of dirt.
Sherlock’s smile turned to one of delight. “Yes!”  He looked carefully at John, whose eyes were beginning to close.  He whispered, “Before you go to sleep, John, I want to tell you, I've done all the calculations using the available data and I estimate that I’ll be at my most fertile in fourteen days, three hours and 37 minutes.”
He reached for his prisoner’s pulse and found it weak and slow. John cursed again. He would have to stop somewhere and properly examine Blackburn. That Blackburn was faking unconsciousness was out of the question. Obviously, he was intelligent and skilled at escaping captivity, given his demonstration earlier, but no one could fake the heart rate or pallor and shallow breathing that John was observing.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and settled his head on his pillow. There was peaceful silence for a long moment before John broke it by murmuring, “I have another idea Sherlock…”
This time the raised eyebrow was accompanied by a distinct eye roll ceiling ward and Blackburn didn’t respond.
He rounded on Sherlock furiously. “What the hell was that about, Sherlock?!”
The paper work had been finalized without issue.  There had been no opposition to Geoffrey’s small remains being released to Mr. John Watson, father. The medical examination had been completed long since with a simple statement of ‘stillbirth’ written as a last notation in a now closed file.
Sherlock was listening intently, so John continued, “Your fingertips are so sensitive that you can measure another’s pulse without pressing their skin, you can pick-pocket anything from anyone in the blink of an eye and you can feel a musical note through the strings of a violin before even you hear it…”
The effect of Sherlock’s exploring hand on John’s back was startling; he jerked his knees up to straddle Sherlock and rocked his hips forward with a sharp gasp. Thrilled, Sherlock responded by sliding a warm hand under the waistband of John’s pyjamas, cupping him firmly with an open palm and pulling him snuggly against him. With another gasp of pleasure, John shuddered and spread his thighs wide, moaning, “Please,” in Sherlock’s ear in a breathy whisper. Rapidly succumbing to a state of drugged pleasure himself, Sherlock found John’s mouth with his own and, kissing him deeply, he pressed with gentle fingers to where John seemed to want him to touch.
"Is Batman your friend?"
John did not need a second invitation, he tugged them off and let them drop off the side of the bed as he asked, “Would you like me to take your trousers off too? Do you want to be naked together, Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s only response to this statement was a brief nod, but had anyone been looking closely they would have seen an unmistakably pleased expression settle itself on his face as John drew the car up in front of a converted stable, across the garden from the cottage.
He was rising from his seat on the edge of the bed when Sherlock unexpectedly roused to question anxiously, “Fierdrinc, you are leaving?”
"Mmmm. Yes, a bit too obvious," said Sherlock, "I began to investigate what else all three victims might have had in common. In doing so I searched the names of all the applicants for Reverend positions in all three parishes for the past five years. Father Stansell's was one of about six names that appeared on all three lists. The other priests were easily eliminated as suspects (two have died of old age, one has retired to Switzerland and the other two now work in South Korea and Nigeria respectively), leaving only Father Stansell. His receiving the latest letter and John's account revealing how it was delivered were all I needed to reach a solid conclusion."
Sherlock smiled with relief and then blinked several times for his eyes were watering.
“Not quite yourself, are you?” asked John, softly. “I know I’m a nuisance, but I need to keep checking you over the next few hours, you know, for concussion symptoms. And you can’t sleep too deeply tonight; I’ll need to wake you up often, alright?”
But now, he thrust open the door of the bath room with a booted foot and, keeping a firm arm around the fragile body he was cradling, bent over the tub to turn the taps on full.
Sherlock’s thoughts turned to the impact of his discovery and what it meant for himself and John. Once revealed as a Gaia, John would assume the highest social stature and could live a life of prestige and privilege. And, he could choose any mate he wanted, easily one of a higher social rank than Sherlock.
This was unexpected. Sherlock hesitated and then finally said, "But it matters to me, John. And it matters to me very much that criminals not get away with their crimes."
"Okay, yes I will. I will. Take it easy now. Just take it easy,” John reassured, once again urging Blackburn back toward the couch.
"Language, John," reproved Sherlock without looking up, but his half-smile made another fleeting appearance.
The expression on John's face was so endearing and earnest that Sherlock's heart melted despite his concern at John's odd behaviour.
"We arranged a time to meet in the afternoon but then a case-meeting came up so I wasn't going to be able to make it. I couldn't reach him on his mobile so on the off-chance he might be at the church, I stopped by at lunchtime to let him know. When I arrived, the church was empty as far as I could tell; I stood in the foyer for a few moments before deciding that I would leave a note for him."
John flopped back against the pillow with a groan of disappointment, tears gathering under his closed lids he was so bereft.
Sherlock's hair looked much as usual John noted with amusement. His suit however was utterly ruined and quite unrecognizable from the day before. The shirt was too,  John saw with a pang of concern. Sherlock always liked to maintain a neat appearance…
Ever the scientist, he decided to experiment. With John still absorbed in the movie, Sherlock, on the pretense of adjusting his seating position for his own comfort, placed both hands on John’s lower waist and drew him snugly into his lap. He murmured something soothing and waited for John to settle. He then deliberately lowered his hands and began to trace slow circles on John’s inner thighs. John’s response was immediate; his head fell back on Sherlock’s shoulder, his lips parted with a quick indrawn breath and his hips involuntarily pressed back against Sherlock.
John asked unhappily, “What can I do to fix it then, please tell me and I’ll do it. Would you like me to leave for a little while, give you some space and time to think about things? I don’t want to leave you Sherlock, not for a minute, but if you think it would help, I’ll do it. I’ll do anything to help you, Sherlock. Anything.”
Sherlock, with a chaotic agony of emotions and physical sensations coursing through him that he had no capacity to deal with, turned and fled the flat.
John didn’t wait for an answer. He said, “Hang on; I’m going to shake them loose,” and as the Mercedes shot forward with sudden speed, he muttered approvingly, “Thank God it’s a decent vehicle…”
He bent to look at his victim briefly. “Not QAT, not one of the other two either. An independent.”
Sherlock bent his head to consider his hands in his lap. “My…er…handler…sometimes has limited options where I am concerned.  This is one of those times.”
"Piss-off, Mycroft!"
“I…Yes. Yes…” John rose slowly.  He was having difficulty processing what he was seeing.  He stopped. “You mean now, Sherlock?”
As John grasped the youth's fingers between his own, he was unexpectedly startled out of his reverie. He raised them from the water to stare at them. Extraordinary! Full syndactyly… He looked quickly to the youth's toes for confirmation; sure enough, they too were unmistakably webbed.
It was in the middle of the third night when Sherlock, for once asleep in his room, was abruptly woken by a wailing cry which he quickly ascertained was coming from John's room. He scrambled from his bed, pulled on his dressing gown and took the stairs in twos up to John's bedroom where he pushed open the door and flicked on the light. John was alone; no intruders as Sherlock had almost feared but he was obviously in a bad state, lying curled up, sobbing and clutching his abdomen.
John did not wait for long. Within minutes of John putting the kettle on to boil, Sherlock appeared in the kitchen, his black curls a wild mess and his dressing gown tie-belt trailing behind him.
“Hmm. Yes, I guessed that the suggestion of sex would work. But I brought a ring too, just in case; my plan B, so to speak.”
"John, I don't know how to say this…" Sherlock's voice was tight, betraying his anxiety.
John continued gently, “The man I love is sometimes overwhelmed by all that he senses; he needs the cool, silent, dimness of his bedroom and to be free from the restriction of any clothing at all.  On those days he wears nothing or just a bed sheet, not because he’s too lazy to dress but because cotton percale is the only thing he can bear to have touching his skin.”
"John, your room is upstairs. I'm going to carry you there, please don't be alarmed when I pick you up alright?"
"Oh, John," Sherlock whispered hoarsely, moving to crouch before him, "I'm sorry, please John, tell me what to say or do, please! I don't know how to help you." He leaned in and drew John close, then sitting down beside him, he pulled John onto his lap. The tears were dripping down his own face as well. Lord in heaven! What was it about John's pain that sliced straight through his heart and into his soul?
“I despise baths John, I want to shower.”
Mulling over the thoughts in his head, Lestrade turned to Sherlock, who arched a challenging eyebrow back at him. Now Sherlock on the other hand, Lestrade speculated…murdering Harvey certainly wasn't beyond the realm of possibility for him…but then again it wasn't likely that Harvey would have been dispatched as neatly and bloodlessly as he had been if Sherlock had been involved…
John usually enjoyed this time too but on this night he seemed unable to settle, sighing and fidgeting until he finally rose and could then be heard rummaging in the hall cupboard. Sherlock was unsure of what was actually in the hall cupboard, never having opened it himself, so he couldn't be certain as to what John was doing. He began to worry again, though, because something clearly was bothering John. He pondered in front of the telly for some time about what it could be before he realized that the flat was quiet and the film over. He sighed, turned off the telly and made for their bedroom.
“Yes, quite a bit, actually.”
John had succeeded in calming him by easing his distress over Mrs. Hudson, whoever she may be, and Mycroft. And Blackburn, once he was no longer agitated, had settled into confused mutterings.
"Oh! I'll get−" John's anxious offer was impulsive.
"What? I'm making the bed. I'm making it comfortable for you. Do you like it?"
“I suppose not,” John reflected, “I guess that’s why I have no one close to me, I chose this lifestyle: I won’t impose it on anyone else.”
Sherlock swung around in surprise, "I…no John. I think you should stay here. You will be safer."
John, watching this, was enraptured.  “How beautiful you are, Ælfscíene.” He added softly, “That means you please me also.”
At the pace John moved, it was a short journey.  He strode into the triage centre, grabbed a handful of towels and linens from a storage cupboard there and placed them over Sherlock.  He nodded briefly at the two nurses on duty, who barely glanced up at him, and went directly into the showers. Here, dropping the towels and sheets on a bench, he turned the nearest shower on fully and, still holding Sherlock, stepped into the stream of water, clothes, weapons, boots and all.
A longish time had passed when John heard the boy announce conversationally to Sherlock, "My name is December."
"Sherlock had nothing to do with−"
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed, “I require little sleep, Ælfric, but I wish to stay here beside you while you sleep.”
They had reached a peaceful place in their relationship.  John resumed sleeping in his own room but he read or cuddled with Sherlock before bed, which they both enjoyed, and it was understood that John’s door was always open at night, should Sherlock want to come to him for comfort.  There were random kisses exchanged, perhaps on a cheek or the neck, or any patch of skin that invited.  Occasionally a hand was sought and held, even in public, when the need for reassurance was felt. And John was happy; happier than he had ever been in his life.
“John, I’m sorry I snapped at you. I’m upset because I felt I had to tell you something that… well, it may result in me being…perhaps…unhappy. I am not rejecting you; I’m trying to respect you by giving you all the information you need to make choices. I love you, so much John. And if I thought I could have lived with myself afterward, I would not have told you anything. I would try to keep you here and ignorant of your potential because I want you for myself, and believe me John, I am almost that selfish. But you need to know that I am not good enough for you, John. You can have so much more than I can offer you and I want you to know that.”
John pocketed his mobile once more and stood motionless beside the car, staring at the entrance ramp, his face an unreadable mask.  For once he didn’t issue a sharp rebuke to stay put when he heard the car’s passenger door click shut and he found Sherlock standing beside him. Sherlock gave him a pained glance before closing his own eyes and sucking in a frustrated lungful of air.
John had switched from crying now that he had Sherlock, to smiling radiantly instead. He began to return Sherlock's embrace, hugging him tightly, pressing kisses on his lips and repeating, "Thank you Sherlock, thank you! A baby, our baby! It's what I wanted, I didn't expect it of course, but that didn't stop me from wanting it!"
Sherlock was hard, perhaps even harder than he’d been in the night, his cock straining against John’s belly.  John inserted a hand between them and stoked him lightly to gauge where he was at in his arousal.
The Alpha holding Sherlock was next; shot through the ear as he stared incredulously at his friend, now lying with his trousers still down but dead on his back in front of Sherlock. The short Alpha who had risen after Sherlock hit him, to masturbate and watch his friend in Sherlock’s mouth, didn’t attempt to run; he knew he was dead even before he looked up from Sherlock and into John’s narrowed eyes. He dropped his hand from his cock, and his mouth, which had been slack with pleasure, only had time to form a small round ‘o’ of protest before John shot him between the eyes.
Something in John’s voice reached Sherlock in his dark place and he slowly raised his face, his eyes searching John’s.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate. He sat up and faced John, leaning forward in his urgency to communicate his feelings. “I want to want you, John, all day, all night, anywhere and everywhere; I want to shiver with desire when I see you, when I'm near you. I want to crave your touch; I want to crave to touch you. I want to revel in heat, sweat, saliva and laboured breath, in writhing limbs and the sounds of sexual ecstasy with you, John. That is what I want! I want my body to love you as much as my heart does, and my mind.”
Sherlock and John both spoke at the same time and then turned to look at each other in surprise.
John pressed his lips together and frowned. “So not a recruit to the QAT cause then.  Not a brilliant chemist turned traitor?” Fury was welling up.  “Just an amateur detective with a poor ability to pick friends. Is that it?” He rose with an angry shake of his head and began to pace the interior wall of the room with his hands on his hips.
“John?” Sherlock prompted gently.
Sherlock, once more not looking at John said, "There's no rush is there?"
“My God!” John stared, shocked.  “No! Sherlock! How could you!? I’m nothing.  I’m no one. I have no future! Please no, Sherlock!”
Sherlock had been entirely his usual self since the episode in the night in July. In fact, he had arisen from his bed the morning following, perfectly perky himself but declaring that John looked terrible and demanding to know why he wasn’t taking better care of himself. When John cautiously asked him about the events of the previous night, Sherlock dismissed his concern, looking only slightly abashed, and informed John that he had merely gotten a bit too much sun while out walking and that was all. And that’s thanks for you, John had thought, hiding a grin, simply relieved to see that Sherlock appeared unaffected by his night-time ordeal.
He then said softly, "But thank you for the tea, John. You make an excellent cup of tea, which is welcome at any time." He smiled tenderly at John who blushed and nodded his head.
“Is there more, John?” Sherlock’s question was hushed.
When John said nothing, Sherlock continued.  “Mycroft shouted at me, frightened me, I didn’t know he was there, I hadn’t been paying attention… Then he dragged me across the lawn to our Nanny in the garden, he wouldn’t let me pull my trousers up.”
As he sliced mushrooms, John pondered Sherlock’s odd behaviour. He was mystified as to the cause of Sherlock’s strong aversion to the other Omega’s scent. To his knowledge Sherlock had little or no capacity to scent others at all, although his other senses were very keen. But obviously Liz’s presence had triggered something in him and John was genuinely regretful for upsetting him. Future dates would take place elsewhere.
Dear God, if Sherlock ever had the misfortune to come face-to-face with Harvey Smith again he would not be held accountable for his actions…
John’s voice was soft, “No, Sherlock, but I wondered. That’s all. Just wondered. You’ve been consistently… preoccupied with my dating life, since the beginning, Sherlock. That’s not really consistent with your claims of being “married to your work” is it? You might be the best detective in the flat, but you aren’t the only one.” He smiled at Sherlock tenderly. “And this just might be one area where, of the two of us, I have the edge.”
Sherlock flushed and lowered his head. Lestrade gave a weak chuckle at this rare sight as he was loaded into an ambulance and sped on his way to the hospital.
John asked softly, “How old were you, Sherlock?”
“No, it isn’t!  What you are feeling, your emotions, they are not real, Sherlock. It’s just the after-effects of the benzodiazepine.  It has to be.”
End of Part I
John’s heart rent in two at Sherlock’s grief.  He drew himself up over him, pressing against him and growling anxiously; frustrated that there was nothing he could do to alleviate his pain. Even as he acted, John knew it was an alpha response to its distressed omega, not that of a doctor to his patient, but he was powerless to stop it.
Sherlock nodded. “Pæt ælfcynn are our allies. We are the guardians of the lakes and the Dúnælf are our guardians.  It is a cooperative arrangement.  We are few in number and must devote the majority of our time to science; the lakes are fragile and require constant monitoring.  We have a skilled defence force, the Dúnælf train them, but it is a small group. The Dúnælf stand with us when needed. They are fierce fighters; like you Ælfric, although not so strong.” Sherlock reached with a shy hand to touch one of John’s muscular arms.
“Sherlock?”
Ælfric – strong elf
However, Sherlock was returning his concerned look over the child's head with an expression as if to say, What!? Really John, sometimes I think you don't know me at all!
Sherlock almost wanted to stop him, he was feeling so emotionally raw himself by then. He didn't though, he simply pulled John close to his chest and let him speak as he wished.
Wærc – pain
John began to awaken. In the darkness of Sherlock’s bedroom, lying snug against Sherlock’s back, holding him close, John floated in that timeless space between sleeping and waking. Whatever it was that had alerted him wasn’t bad. It was good, so good! His world was perfect…he was happy and excited… Ah. That kind of excited.
He said, “You are recovering well, but you’ve done enough for the morning. It’s time for a rest.”
“No.  I…liked the feeling of arousal and…release…when I was…young.”
“Stay here luflíc, I will be back in a minute. I’m sorry, but it is necessary that I do this.”  John stowed a trembling, disoriented Sherlock in the puffy folds of his sleeping bag and, rifle in hand, pulled the entire drawer and its contents from the stand and strode from the room. At the outer door of the tent he flung the drawer, still full of its offensive contents, as far away into the darkness as he could. The camp dogs could drag it away and chew it to pieces!  He slammed the door and locked it again before returning to the bedroom.
It was another glorious day of married life; the best part of which was lunchtime of course which had stretched from one, to one-and-a-half, and then to two hours; neither of them noticing this in their complete absorption with one other. In the evening Sherlock forestalled the possibility of another enormous meal by bringing home John's favourite dishes of take-away Indian food for dinner. After dinner Sherlock suggested they relax together on the sofa with a film, one of his favourite activities because he could study John at his leisure and memorize small details while John was absorbed in watching the telly.
The cuffs were still locked; John tried them and found they held fast.  Again he was mystified, how was this possible? Moran wouldn’t have been as careless with his victim as to use cuffs too large to secure him.   John turned his attention to the straps dangling below the cuffs; they too held fast, still tightly secured.
It was not a minute after that that a black sedan made its smooth and soundless way down the ramp in front of them and drew to a silent halt not far off, its headlights a blinding glare in their faces. Before either one of them could speak or move it was joined by second, and to John’s growing astonishment, a third, a fourth and a fifth.
But as quickly as the wave of Alpha aggression hit John, it eased. In Sherlock’s bedroom, he was able to pull Sherlock’s sheets over him with careful hands and say something soothing to him in a voice that almost didn’t shake.
But John was staring at him thoughtfully, “That is a beautiful idea, Sherlock.  I like to think of him that way. Thank you.”
“Why are you up so early, my love? It’s not daylight for another hour!”
But why was Sherlock overcome now? The truth of the situation dawned on John quickly. Sherlock, having realized that he wanted to keep the boy hadn't anticipated having to give him up so soon. He had not in the least been expecting someone from Child Welfare to appear and take him away.
Sherlock didn’t respond immediately; he simply stared up at John unblinkingly.
John stroked Sherlock’s now clean, soft curls back from his forehead and murmured, “I’m not sure I know what you mean…”
With that, Sherlock rose and strode furiously from the kitchen and down the hall into his bedroom and slammed the door, leaving a surprised John staring after him, holding an ice-pack and a blood-stained flannel.
“My observations tell me that the sensitive little boy, who played in the brook and longed to share his love and his delight in the physical world with another, hasn’t gone anywhere.  His abusers didn’t succeed in destroying him, not at all.  He just went into hiding when he was hurt; he hid so deep and so well that not even you are aware that he is still here.  But he is still inside of you Sherlock; he still feels pleasure in worldly things and he loves. He has never left you.”
So John rose quietly; he showered and dressed and made his way to the kitchen to make tea, boil eggs and toast bread. Sherlock hadn’t eaten since early the previous day and would need sustenance when he woke up.
"I don't know and I told you, I don't care."
"Shut up!" Harvey ground out. "You've never learned you place!" he snarled.
Sherlock welcomed him, drawing him close under his arm as he relaxed against the seatback and watched the lights of the city flow by over John's head.
John hugged Sherlock again and took a chance, “I’ve lived with you for five years now−even though you weren’t here for two of them,” he paused to poke Sherlock in the side in mock punishment, enjoying Sherlock’s wincing response, before he continued, “and I’ve observed you Sherlock, you are a very sensual man.”  John hoped like mad that that statement wouldn’t frighten Sherlock…
“Mycroft…”
Not this morning though for John was busily preparing what seemed to be breakfast for a twice-starved army; eggs, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes, beans and fried bread in generous portions were laid on the table which oddly, was covered with a freshly laundered tablecloth.
Then Sherlock reached for the gun.
When at last they emerged from the tow path it was onto a shabby street lined with blocks of flats and the occasional small shop. A fine drizzle had begun, apparently determined to outdo the fog with its penetrating chill. To John’s immense relief, there were signs of life on the street, one of which was a garishly flashing sign, not far away, proclaiming the café over which it hung to be open.
“Yes, Ælfscíene?”
"No, no that's not it at all, he does like you…" John said hastily, "He's just planning what to do next to save us, he's thinking."
“I don’t know, about eleven, perhaps younger.” Sherlock said mockingly, “I was an early bloomer.”
"You don't have to. Only if you want to John."
“Because you are talking about what happened for the first time in your life Sherlock; you are acknowledging what happened and the damage it did to you.  That is a first huge step.  And, what’s more, you want to get better, you want to be able to feel sexual and enjoy it−“
The bunker was dark inside, little of the early sun made its way in, and it was silent too. At least, it was at first. As John stood motionless just inside the entrance, blinking in the darkness, gradually his other senses began to compensate for his lack of vision; especially his hearing. As his eyes and brain become accustomed to the lack of light, he began to sense distant sounds.
níedhelp −  help in need or help in trouble
“Nō, nō small one, I’m not going to hurt you.”  John’s tone softened.  “I know I seem threatening but I’m not… I’m just a doctor trying to help you. If you struggle you might hurt yourself and I don’t want that.”
John was discharged one day later by a dismissive doctor only relieved that someone had been found to take responsibility for him. John had remained withdrawn from Sherlock, in fact from everyone involved with his care but didn't object when Sherlock assisted him out of the hospital and into a cab. He was extremely weak; he subsided pale and limp against the back of the cab's seat and closed his eyes for the duration of the ride to Baker Street.
"He was beautiful and perfect. I know he was and I loved him more than anything."
Moments passed, how many neither of the two was certain. It was only when Sherlock gave a faint moan, a plea for air as it turned out, that John came to his senses. “Oh God, Sherlock I’m sorr…!” But he was unable to finish. His apology was cut off abruptly by Sherlock, who, his breath back, ignored the attempted apology and pulled John’s mouth back down firmly onto his once more.
John still didn’t respond, so Sherlock talked anyway.
It was an echo!
“You weren’t to know I’d taken heroin John, and you saved my life!”
.........................................
Watson accepted the file and turned to exit the office with barely a nod to Graves. Graves shrugged and dismissed him from his mind almost immediately: John H. Watson M.D.; Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers; Honourable Discharge, Diagnosis PTSD − was a cold fish. But as long as he performed for the firm, Graves couldn’t have been less interested.
Sherlock closed his eyes and parted his lips involuntarily in response to John’s touch but he continued his story, “I usually work alone, although the council does not always approve. I prefer it,” he said. “The first two days went well; the water and the atmosphere were clear, but at dawn on the third day something went wrong. A mist emerged from the lake such as I’d never seen before. At first of course, I did not know what was happening. But observing the signs at the water’s edge, within a short time, I knew the only explanation was that the lake was disappearing, and therefore something terrible must have happened.” Sherlock’s words faltered. “I returned to the city as quickly as I could.  But by the time I drew near my home the mist and the lake along with it had gone… The city was in ruin, there wasn’t a living person remaining… my parents, the council, all were dead…” Sherlock wilted in John’s arms, overwhelmed with grief and sobbed.
Reynolds looked up at him in surprise. “He came in an hour ago, on the supply flight.  We need a resident surgeon and we can’t wait forever for headquarters to send us one.  I’ve hired him on contract; a neat solution to my problems, Captain.”
Under the blast of John’s fury, Sherlock took several steps backward toward their vehicle. “But John, I…”
“The reason is you, John. I was waiting for you, although I didn’t know it at the time. I’ve been waiting for you for 25 years, John. And now that you’ve arrived and I’m ready for you I just don’t see any reason to continue waiting.”
“Sorry, just a bit on edge today for some reason; must be a full moon.” John tried to joke.
“Yeah, right. Then, you won’t mind if my buddy here checks, will you?”
“Yes! Yes! Please, John!”
“I see.” Sherlock said carefully. “John you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to, its fine, but I’m interested to know what you mean…”
His face set grimly, he concentrated on leaving the city as quickly as he could without attracting attention.
“Hush! Stop now.” He rocked Sherlock back and forth.  “He’s dead.  I killed him.  They are both dead.” Cold satisfaction resonated in John's voice and in the expression on his face.  “You have nothing to be afraid of now. You are safe. They can never touch you again.”
John considered his options. The arrangement had been to deliver Blackburn to RAF Welford, the closest UK, USAF base to London. Welford was only a one hour and 19 minute drive on the M4 but John knew that he would have to stop well before reaching it, given Blackburn’s present condition. He decided to maintain his current direction and take the few minutes required to get them out of London before the morning commuter traffic started. Stuck in traffic there would be little he could provide in the way of medical assistance to his prisoner.
John shuddered.  Then he closed his eyes and sighed.  He abandoned himself to the glory of it; the man he loved holding him, stroking him, the warm steam, the wonderful scent and the soothing glow of candlelight.  He lifted his chin for another kiss, which was immediately given, and began to move Sherlock’s hand under his own. It was only a minute or two later and he was jerking forward and with a loud groan and spilling into their clasped hands.
The name seemed to intrigue the boy for he nodded slowly.
John’s expression was kind. “Fyrhtne, small one, frightened of me?”
He grinned despite his stiffness and sore shoulder. "Two peas in a pod are you? Well, a happy Christmas to us."
"Baby," repeated Sherlock slowly, as if he'd never heard the word before.
Sherlock accepted the soup with delicate grace, gifting John with the pleasure of watching the spoon slide between his perfect lips to be licked clean and returned.
“Mike must have had a friend drive them to the airport. Thank God for airport parking being astronomically costly. We’ll borrow their number plates. That will buy us some time.” John said, “Stay here, please. I’ll pick you up around front when I’ve got them switched over.”
He bent to brush his lips over Sherlock’s small ear. “So, what is your decision, Ælfscíene? Will you allow me to do as I want, to love and care for you as my mate for the rest of our lives?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Finally Sherlock said, “It doesn’t feel…safe. But it’s not because of you…”
John grinned, Sherlock's laugh was infectious, and asked, "What?"
"John!"
"Well, don't just stare at me, call a bloody ambulance! I'm shot for Christ's sake, Sherlock!"
John needn’t have said anything, at just the touch of his hand the brittle tension began to melt from Sherlock and he relaxed with a soft exhale.  He looked into John’s eyes and surrendered, unafraid of what he saw there; sadness yes, of course, but peacefulness too; a man broken… but the fragmented pieces recovered… and what was shattered could be re-formed… Sherlock breathed again.  He bowed his head to John in reverence before looking up at him once more.
The boy stayed silent.
Sherlock gulped and shook his head vigorously.  “Nō, Ælfric, I was happy until…until…”
John drew back the folds of the sleeping bag. Sherlock’s luminous eyes opened when he felt John’s light touch on his cheek.  He stared up unblinkingly at John, who held his gaze and promised softly, “I will be back, and when I am we’ll talk, alright? All of this will be over soon.  No more fear and no more pain for you.  Do you trust me?”
Sherlock’s words were cut off by a sudden irritated exclamation from John, “You don’t want soup?!” he snapped, “As if there is a menu to choose from, Sherlock!  You should be worrying about bigger things than whether or not the soup suits your taste!  Do you have any idea the kind of danger you are in?! Any idea at all, Sherlock?!”
John said in an anguished whisper, “But you can’t Sherlock, no one can.  I…I…can’t have children, after what happened with Geoffrey, the doctors told me…”  Tears overflowed and ran down his cheeks.  “I’m so sorry Sherlock, I thought you knew.”
That done John turned to study Sherlock’s face. Seeing no sign of readiness for sleep, he suggested, “Tell me about the Dúnælf, the Mountain Elves, leifling.  The Simarine have a special relationship with them?”
"John had nothing to do with−"
Sherlock looked down at John with concern and pressed a soft kiss onto his head. "I'm sorry you had to do that for me, John. I'm very sorry."
“Yése, myn Ælfward.” Sherlock, comforted, lifted his face to press a quick, soft kiss on John’s lips and burrowed close, rubbing his cheek against John’s chest and closing his eyes in pleasure.
John, home unexpectedly early that afternoon unbeknownst to Sherlock, was awoken from his nap in the bedroom by their raised voices. He began to rise from bed only to stop still in astonishment at hearing Sherlock's angry words; he could hardly believe his ears! He'd had no idea that that's how Sherlock felt. How could he have missed this? Sherlock certainly had kept his feelings well hidden.
The moon-dappled silence was finally broken by Sherlock's voice, husky and dark, "As much as I would like to keep you pinned here all night John − the idea really is enticing − it's too cold for you." He leaned his forehead against John's. "I think it's time we repair to Baker Street. What do you think?" He began nuzzling John's throat again and planting light kisses as he spoke, so if he was expecting a coherent answer from John he was to be disappointed.
John, taking control, established a relaxed rhythm with his hand and soothed him, “It’s alright, Sherlock don’t rush, we’ve got all day, I’m not going anywhere.”  He pressed small kisses to Sherlock’s neck and chest listening to his heart rate and breathing.  “You are so beautiful, Sherlock, so beautiful!”
Feeling Sherlock pressed against him, eager and excited, John finally allowed himself to give in to his Alpha nature.  He pressed his cheek to Sherlock’s back and clung to him in awed gratitude; knowing that at last he had found his home; the extraordinary being he held in his arms, his beloved Sherlock, was the guardian of his heart and his life.  With this realization, his body convulsed and he stiffened with the physical exertion of orgasm and ejaculation; utterly vulnerable in that moment but entrusting his body to Sherlock.  His groan of release resounded around the quiet bedroom, “Sherlock…God…I love you…!”
Fótwærc – foot pain
He continued, "He'll get all the special care he needs, I'm certain of that. I've known Mr. Holmes for close to ten years now and Dr. Watson for at least five. If you might consider bending the rules just a bit, we can take care of the paperwork… Remember the Claxton kids? Something like what you were able to do on that file, perhaps…?" he let his voice trail off.
“Why this is all happening, John. Why I changed. Why I matured as an Omega. Really, it’s so glaringly obvious, John.” Sherlock sounded taken aback by John’s dimness.
God above, what kind of a monster was he turning into!? He’d never contemplated forcing himself on a vulnerable omega in such a manner before! But he’d never wanted an omega as much as he wanted Sherlock either…
In the rear seat of Lestrade's vehicle with December, tired once more, resting between him and John, Sherlock pulled out his mobile and began to text rapidly. Continuing to text with one hand, he reached into his pocket again, pulled out John's phone and handed it to him.
“Well, I don’t think you are really the sex-less, empty shell that you think you are.  Sex isn’t just about penises in mouths or anuses, Sherlock, although it’s true that those experiences are pretty spectacular, the light-show of sex, so to speak.  There is a whole range of other physical experiences that are thrilling and wonderful as well.  You know, other sensual things, like touch and taste and scent and sound, which happen anytime, not just in the bedroom. Those things can all be part sexuality too.”
Lieutenant Colonel Reynolds hardly glanced up as John shut the door behind him.  Busy with paperwork on his desk, he said, “Captain, I wanted to speak with you. Captain Moran has returned to his position as base surgeon; your services are no longer required.  I’m sure it’s a relief for you to hear it,” He gave a humourless laugh.
Someone on the other end of the line evidently picked up the call immediately for what John heard next was the scathing retort, “Of course it is I, you idiot! Unless you’ve taken to giving your number out to the wait-staff!”
"No. It's…it's alright. I want to hear, I want to know what you've learned, Sherlock because I have searched my memory over and over and I can't come up with anything. I wish I could…but I just didn't see anything."
John continued as though Blackburn hadn’t spoken, “And when you have had some soup and a roll, you may have this.”  He placed a single cigarette on the lamp table beside the couch. “Nicotine withdrawal symptoms will put too great of a strain on your system at right now, otherwise I would insist you go without,” he said, by way of an explanation.
There was silence as they pulled away from the cottage. The afternoon was still early enough to drive without headlights although the unrelenting rain, now accompanied by a light mist, impeded visibility greatly. John’s expression was a frozen mask, his eyes fixed on the road. Sherlock’s mouth was tense and there was a slight frown between his eyebrows. He glanced sideways at John several times but said nothing.
“Yes, explain Neilson, please.”
They drove steadily east. The night was well advanced by the time they left the empty country lanes behind them to join the flow traffic on one of the main routes leading into London.  It was not far from the same spot where they had exited the city not 24 hours earlier, when John handed his mobile to Sherlock.  “Phone your handler.  Tell them I’m bringing you in.  They’ll be provided with the meeting location shortly.”
John had no one it seemed, his Alpha having abandoned him. So Sherlock stayed, he would have anyway for he needed to speak to the man as soon as he was well enough to be interviewed, but somehow too it seemed like the right thing to do…the consideration of which would have surprised Sherlock's acquaintances had they known of it.
John asked again, incredulously, “Why were you out in the cold just waiting around to be killed?!”
John then collected the muscle relaxant and quickly prepared a hot water bottle. He gave both to a still shivering Sherlock, along with a full drink of water and began to rub his back for him, hoping he would fall asleep before the next wave of cramps hit. To his relief Sherlock did and John, sitting beside him, a light hand on his back allowed himself to think; severe cramps, temperature spike resulting in a sensation of being cold, difficulty urinating due to internal swelling, lack of appetite and nausea…
Waiting another moment, he said, low and husky in Sherlock’s ear, “Or maybe one day you’d like me to give you a blow job.  I’d like it if you came in my mouth, Sherlock…God, I would love that!  I’d swallow your semen and use my tongue to make sure you were completely clean after.  All you’d see and feel would be my mouth around your cock; just me loving you and giving you pleasure.”
Blackburn glared up at him owlishly but didn’t argue further.
It wasn't long before Lestrade, for once without his usual entourage of officers and squad cars, pulled up in an unmarked vehicle not far from the café’s entrance. John paid the bill while Sherlock wrapped December in his coat once more. They waited under the awning while Lestrade, accompanied by a harried looking woman who John guessed to be a social worker, approached them. John exchanged greetings with Greg and shook hands with his colleague.
“John.” Sherlock said gently, “There is a whole world out there for you to take advantage of. When your identity is known, you will be sought after as a mate and offered a life beyond anything you’ve ever dreamed of. Material comforts and social respect that you deserve, John.”
Even though Sherlock was facing the wall, John could see his expression was unhappy. His heart clenched painfully, “Sherlock?” he asked.
“Alright then.  Let’s talk more about how magnificent and amazing I am.  I liked where that part of the conversation was going….”
He waited anxiously for Sherlock to react.
John smiled. “Yes, love, it’s not far,” he pointed to the closest shop.
John drew his hand away from the drawer as if stung and bit out an expletive. His hold on Sherlock tightened painfully. Moran of course, would have such a revolting stash! Visons of the man’s activities in the very room they were in caused John’s vision blur with rage.  No wonder he had instinctively avoided the place! Everything about Moran, especially this, was antithetical to all that John stood for.
He paused and drew a deep breath.  “I’ll pour the bath.  We’ll run your clothes through the washer and dryer too, while you’re getting clean and taking a rest.”
Then, mindful of John's silent warning, he said nothing else, instead settling for fixing Doris with a flinty stare. The scream quickly subsided under Sherlock's reassurance, but muffled sobbing could be heard; which for John and evidently for Sherlock as well, was just as heart-wrenching as the scream for they both remained quite pale.
John spoke, "Sherlock, I…I…am feeling tired after all. I think I'll go upstairs now. Nice to meet you Greg. Please excuse me," he stood and turned away toward the stairs.
The drive to a car park under a warehouse, back near the river was an uneventful one relative to the wild ride they’d just taken. John parked the car facing the entrance and picked up his mobile. Deliberately not looking at Sherlock, he hit redial on the last number called and waited.
Sherlock's response was soft, as was his hand on John's shoulder. "No, thank you John. I'll make the tea, please sit."
It came a shock therefore, for John to hear Sherlock, unexpectedly one morning after breakfast, address him from the sofa in a voice cold with scorn. “You know what I think John?! I think you’re all talk and no action! But, as it happens, I don’t care anymore. I’ve thought about it and I’ve realized I have other options. I don’t need to put up with you stringing me along. I can have any Alpha I want now. In fact, I could send a text right now and Sebastian would be over here inside of 10 seconds!”
The doctor, not at all fazed by the chaos, placed a comforting hand on John's shoulder and spoke to him again. John nodded vigorously in response and made a valiant attempt to stop weeping.
John was unmoved by the Sergeant’s death.  It simply eliminated one of the obstacles to the safe rescue of Sherlock.  He remained hidden, trying to reason out what might have happened to Sherlock in the short time that he had been left alone by the two men and where he might be.  It was clear to John that despite Moran’s accusations of the Sergeant, neither of them knew where Sherlock was.
"Yes!" was the quick response.
Sherlock sighed tiredly. “Thank you, John.”
Blackburn showed no surprise at the question.  He shook his head almost imperceptibly.  After a short silence he said, “Not any more.  Its appeal is…occasional.”
Despite John’s attempt to slow him down, Sherlock’s body was racing to orgasm; his breath caught as he pushed upward into John’s hand and pre-ejeculate was starting to bead over the tight skin on the head of his cock.  “John, please!” he begged. He opened his eyes, hazy and dazed with pleasure to watch John’s hand stroking him−and froze; his expression turned to horror and he wrenched himself away from John with a cry.  He curled into a ball on the edge of the bed and silently began to rock himself.
Sherlock searched John’s face, his expression puzzled.
John stroked his curls soothingly. “Sometimes bumps to the head do funny things to our emotions, Sherlock. Try not to worry about it right now. Your head has had enough strain for tonight.”
John looked puzzled. "You have information? Please tell me if you know something."
Sherlock didn’t respond. He was struggling to pull his sheets off, already too hot to bear anything covering him. Once free of the restricting bedding, almost panting now, he spread his thighs and awkwardly grasped his cock. He tugged at himself in frustration, wincing at his own roughness but almost too desperate for relief to care.
Aware that Sherlock, beside him hadn’t moved or spoken, John turned to look at him and froze in surprise. Sherlock, clutching the boy in his coat, was not looking at Lestrade or the social worker but rather staring wildly at John in mute distress; he had an expression of confused panic on his face and his mouth was starting to turn downward and tremble.
“Where is the omega!? What did you do with my prize, you lout?! You only get the seconds; whatever’s left over when I’m good and done with them, understand?”
“Hmmm…no matter,” John had reassured him as he took his temperature once again, “next time you’ll know…”
“Belt up, Sherlock,” John’s words were soft.  And when Sherlock didn’t appear to hear him he half smiled and leaned over to draw the belt across Sherlock’s chest and click it into place.
John was ready with his pistol. In one practised motion he brought the muzzle down against their would-be assassin’s temple as he pushed through the doorway, and pulled the trigger. The man dropped; killed instantly. Without hesitation, John stepped over the body to glance into the outside hallway. Seeing no one, he withdrew again and bent to drag the body into the room and close the door.
Sherlock left the room and John resumed his slow tapping on the laptop. But his attention was on Sherlock’s strange confession. He would get to the bottom of this, no matter how long it took to do it.
“You are sick and hurt. Let me help you.  You have my word I won’t harm you.”
This is another short chapter but I promise a nice long chapter for you patient readers at the beginning of next week!
John carried his clean, towel-wrapped bundle from the bathroom to the bedroom.  As much as he didn’t like to be in it, the bedroom was the most comfortable place in his quarters for his patient to rest and the most convenient in which to treat him. He made a slight detour to the anteroom to collect his medical kit and his rifle before carrying his patient to the bed.  He did not underestimate the aggression of the alphas he had seen and scented earlier.  Sherlock was at very great risk, as he was aware.  John strengthened his hold on the young omega; no one was getting close enough to this beautiful creature to harm him. John would make sure of that.
Sherlock said, "You terrify me, John," but he grinned and kissed him again.
"You're hungry aren't you?" questioned John.
Finally, definitely not soon enough for John, Sherlock, smelling strongly of lavender, was settled in the small guest room where he fell asleep almost immediately.  A relieved John had a quick shower himself and put their clothes into the small washer in the kitchen.  He then set about cleaning his weapons and checking his ammunition; thinking the while about what their next move should be.  His thoughts were grim.  Their situation was dire; the odds were against a successful outcome.
There was a very long silence before Sherlock asked cautiously, “What about you then, John?”
John exhaled; his "Thank you," a dull whisper.
John flinched at Sherlock’s accusations but stood still. He said as calmly as he could, “Sherlock, it’s true that I am an Alpha. And that I do want to be your Alpha. I do want you, very much; I cannot hide that from you. That is why you can sense it. But it does not mean I’m going to hurt you or force myself on you, or take advantage of you. I’m standing perfectly still. If you look you’ll see it’s just me. Just John.” He waited before coaxing again, “Look at me Sherlock.”
There was bitter hiss from the bed. "Mr. Holmes, in my experience they get away with them all of the time."
"No, and it wasn't yours either, John."
(See the end of the chapter for
John didn’t look up.  “Sherlock.  How are you feeling?”
John, even the hardened soldier that he was, was unprepared for the nausea he felt rising as he listened to Sherlock’s emotionless tones.
Now would be the best time for John himself to rest so he settled in the chair across from his patient and closed his eyes.  John knew sleep was unlikely, it was difficult for him to sleep at the best of times, and stranded, mid-job with an ill hostage, off-course and overdue, was hardly the best of times.
Áforhtian − take fright; be very much afraid; to tremble with fear
As he was assessing the surroundings with single-minded determination, he suddenly became aware that Sherlock had started to strategize to save himself. He would have known he was being hunted; as his panic receded, his Omega instinct would have told him that. And he was now trying to turn around and go back to the flat. And what’s more, Sherlock knew that John was coming for him. John wasn’t sure how he, himself, knew this, but he didn’t question it, he simply rejoiced; Sherlock was beginning to trust himself and let his instinct guide him. He was starting to function as one-half of a whole; he and his other half, his Alpha, John.
John’s heart broke at the sight of him. “Sherlock, no! No, I wasn’t going to hurt you, I swear it. I’m sorry I frightened you; I thought you were in danger, that’s all. I’m sorry. I love you, Sherlock! I would never hurt you!”
John faltered, “I...I know I’m thinking farther ahead than you have probably, but…but…that’s the way I am, I guess, I…I’m sort of old-fashioned…”
For the first time that morning, Doris, by now paying full attention to the situation, looked uncertain. Lestrade, quick to understand children and increasingly, as time went by, to understand Sherlock, sized up the situation (there would be time for incredulity to set in later), and said to Doris, whom he had known for many years and respected, "Dory, I know you've already got a long list of children needing homes and only a few placements. The boys here want to take care of the child; obviously he's bonded with them as Dr. Watson says and after what the kid's been through…"
John was out of his chair in an instant and bending to take Sherlock in his arms. “That’s not true, Sherlock! You’ve given me so much! So many things that no one else could have! It’s you who gave me my self-respect back, a reason for living, the opportunity to contribute something good and worthwhile to the world. I had none of those things before I met you. You saw value in me and trusted me with your life. My God, Sherlock, you love me! I know that you do. Do not think for a moment that sex is more important than that. It isn’t! Not to me! I’ll never leave you, never! Not for sex, not for anything!”
The memory of this drove an unfamiliar stab of fear through John’s chest which, before he had control of it, had choked off his breath and clouded his vision. What if he wasn’t in time to stop what would surely happen to Sherlock? The sensation of fear was so unfamiliar that John faltered for a second. He hadn’t felt fear in years and momentarily he forgot how to deal with it.  Don’t fight it, use it, he coached himself, channel it from the mind and into the limbs, into strength and speed…
The surveillance footage on the flash drive confirmed John’s initial impression of James Blackburn. Head and shoulders above everyone around him, Blackburn moved through London with an arrogant stride, often staring down his nose at someone, or something, that caught his attention. He was strongly built with broad shoulders and long legs. His height and weight, however, didn’t concern John. John knew he would be more than equal to subduing the man in a fight. However, a fight was not an option in the context of an apprehension of the sort John was hired to carry out. Speed and silence would be an absolute necessity, so John would have to rely heavily on the element of surprise and, if necessary, a sedative injection.
Molly winced and stared at him in horror.
John opened his mouth to greet him but closed it again and stared.  Sherlock’s blue, striped silk dressing gown was untied; he was bare-chested with his pyjamas riding low on his hips.  In his hands he held two neatly folded, plush white towels and what appeared to be thick cotton robe… it looked like the kind you only find in high-end hotels, thought John distractedly.  Perched on top of this stack were bottles of shampoo or perhaps shower gel and lotion…John could see the labels and recognized them as Sherlock’s preferred, and very expensive, brand which was something Italian...
“John. It’s the only way...”
“May I examine your head again?”
"It's a case of the dog that didn't bark. The letter was delivered to the church, that is certain; one of the ECAs who attended you picked it up from the floor of the foyer of the church and handed it to Father Stansell. But this is why your statement is so important. You said you saw nothing in the foyer when you arrived. You were even looking for paper, something to write on you said, so if the letter had been there, you would have seen it."
"No!"
Sherlock was silent for a long moment studying John, before he agreed slowly, “Alright…if you say so, John.”
This is a little epilogue.
He had Sherlock’s attention now so he urged again, “Deep breath okay? Show me you can breathe, Sherlock.”
Sherlock, looking up at John, said nothing. He lay motionless while John glared down at him and demanded, “Well, Sherlock?! Answer me! Is that your choice?! If so, I’m out of here, I’ll pack now and be gone in five minutes!” At this threat, Sherlock jolted to life. He stiffened and clutched John’s arms with both hands and blurted out in panic, “No! No, John! That’s not what I want. I only want you! Please! I want you, so badly! It’s killing me, John, the thought that maybe you don’t want me after all! Why are you rejecting me? Why won’t you just take me, make me yours, John?! Why?!”
“Good.” John squeezed Sherlock tightly for a moment. “Now I must go or someone will return here. I will be back very quickly, I promise.”
"What about his character John, is he a thoughtful or sincere man?"
Unexpectedly he smiled at John.  It was one of his heart stoppingly dazzling smiles; blindingly bright even in the weak, grey light of a foggy river dawn.
“You’re still afraid of him aren’t you? He still watches you, follows you and spies on you, doesn’t he?  I can understand that, Sherlock.  I would feel the same way.”
His patient closed his eyes but his struggling had produced a fit of coughing and he gasped for air.  “Iċ i firmette, Ælfric, wæter, iċ i bidde!”
John's pain was devastating and Sherlock felt helpless; what did he know about babies and pregnancy loss? He tried to draw on whatever instincts had been compelling him to try to help John since he'd first met him.
After ensuring that Sherlock made it safely to the loo upstairs to take his shower, John did a thorough security assessment of the cottage’s windows and doors, noting blind spots and the locations in the garden from where views into the cottage were possible.  He was back upstairs again, in the cottage’s small guest room when, above the sound of the shower running, he heard a crash from the loo across the hallway.
“That’s not true!” Sherlock cried, his head wedged between his knees. “I can tell, I can tell you want to hurt me. I heard you. I saw your face. I can smell you John. I know you want to fuck me, breed me! Don’t lie to me! I can tell!”
Chest heaving and struggling to calm himself now that he knew there was no direct threat to Sherlock, John rasped out, “Don’t what? What Sherlock!?”
“John.”
There was no time to regret that now; Sherlock needed support and so John made a decision. Surprising everyone including himself he stepped between Sherlock and Lestrade and his companion. Drawing himself up with as much dignity as he could muster for having spent the previous night on the floor of a damp shed, he announced in what he hoped was a learned medical manner, "Thank you for coming. I have a suggestion to make. The child is traumatized from treatment that he received prior to our rescuing him, as well as the frightening escape from the warehouse.”
Downriver the tow path narrowed and their progress became increasingly slowed by treacherous patches of slippery algae underfoot. There had been no exit paths leading upland by which they could make their way back to the city so they were forced to continue, but when for the second time Sherlock lost his footing and slipped, John said firmly, "Sherlock we need to find somewhere to stop, it's too dangerous to go on in the dark."
"No, I'm not hungry, I'll just have tea."
So as not to disturb December, thought John and grinned inwardly. His question had been a small test of course; it was becoming clear to him that something momentous had happened to Sherlock's heart when little December had laid his trusting head on his shoulder Christmas Eve.
He got no further.
John, hitherto simply happy to savour his feelings of love and security with Sherlock beside him; feelings still new and a cause for constant wonder and gratitude, gradually became aware of some new emotion in his love.  It couldn’t be, surely…nervousness, uncertainty? Anxious, he looked to Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock saw the look and gave him a self-depreciating grin, “Nothing to worry about John, at least I hope not!”
"Then will you bond with me, Sherlock? It is the only thing that could possibly make me any happier than I am already. Please?"
Sherlock, at 35 years of age, appeared to be in full-blown Omega puberty.
“No, Sir! No, I’m not lyin’…!” The Sergeant’s voice choked to a halt.
John stopped and looked down, “Am I right, Sherlock?” he whispered.
Sherlock tried to rise as if to help but John put a steadying hand on his shoulder to hold him in place. “No, let me get this, you aren’t up to much yet.”
There was a pregnant silence before John turned and spluttered, “Mommy?! Who’s mommy, Sherlock? And this is your brother?!”
It was this sweet sigh that was John’s undoing.  The spell that had been weaving its quiet way around him all evening suddenly took firm hold. Reason abandoned him and he found it impossible not to give in to sudden impulse. He rolled onto his side and with an answering sigh, pulled the slight figure bundled in his sleeping bag close to his chest.
Sherlock asked almost shyly, “It does?”
“Alright, turn on your side, Sherlock. We can fix this for you.  I’m sorry. I should have thought to prevent this, to spare you from going through this again.”
The room was quiet again with the exception of the low hum of the monitors.
Suddenly, the soft silence was abruptly broken by Sherlock.  His voice was harsh in the stillness of the room, “Four pounds. One ounce.” His words were bitten off and ragged with the effort of forcing back emotion.
Watson’s expression didn’t change. “I still don’t do renditions,” he said. He folded his arms across his muscular chest and altered his stance slightly; boots firmly planted on the floor and no longer at ease. “I provide security. That’s it. If you don’t have work for me, I’ll take my skills elsewhere.” Watson shrugged. “It makes no difference to me.”
"John?"
"This is good, right John? This is good news and you are glad, John?" Sherlock couldn't tell…
“John?”
John knew without asking. “You weren’t?”  He drew on his physician’s training.  Let the patient talk, encourage them…
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John went rigid with shock, crossing his arms in front of his chest as if to stop himself from exploding.
Sherlock was stunned into silence by John's outburst. He hadn't thought that, not really, but it was true that his understanding of situations such as John's was limited…
The soothing hand was batted away in annoyance. “And…what about you...doctor?” Sherlock demanded between gasps, “Your PTSD? How long will…it last…untreated as it is?” he bit out the accusation between dragging in lungful’s of air and glaring at John.
He prowled the flat moodily, picking up objects and putting them down again. Sherlock had been gone too long. John was worried about him; he’d been very upset when he left. But John didn’t know what to do, if anything. He’d hoovered the flat and disposed of the dust bag; washed the floors and laundered the seat covers on their sofa. The windows were still open so the flat was free of any scents other than their own now. Hopefully that would make Sherlock feel better when he came home. He had looked truly ill when he left.
John, his fingers entwined and pressed thoughtfully against his chin, elbows resting on the arms of his chair, spoke first. “So, you are a heroin user, then. An addict?”
“Oh, God yes, my love!”
“So. You and Sebastian have a history, Sherlock?”
John pressed closer and laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock smiled as before long he felt John fall asleep in the circle of his arm. Sherlock would make him that cup of tea they had missed earlier and persuade him into bed to sleep when they got home. There would be plenty of time, the rest of their lives in fact, for passion. Their relationship was clearly going to be intensely emotional and physical and not something to be rushed. John had not yet regained his health and Sherlock himself needed time to adjust to the powerful new forces driving him. John must be protected from harm, even if that meant from Sherlock himself. He raised his eyebrows ruefully. His days as a suppressed Alpha were obviously over, medicated or not. Modern pharmacology, it seemed, was no match for John Watson. He tightened his hold on John and kissed his hair again. John was an unexpected miracle. One that required nurturing and cherishing and Sherlock was honoured that he had been chosen for the role. It would be the most important work that he would ever do in his life.
"But the child is a Holmes! He must be brought up properly with all the social privileges that being a Holmes confers!"
“Yése, Ælfric.”
"Oh, I'm sorry, I should have prepared us something!" John's brow furrowed with anxiety and guilt.
Savouring the warmth of the café, John took a much needed mouthful of hot tea and leaned back against the banquette to observe Sherlock, unobtrusively he hoped, from behind the rim of his mug. Sherlock’s attention was taken up with tearing toast into small bits so December wouldn't choke as he shoveled them into his mouth.
But all Sherlock said was “Yes, John.”
At Baker Street, John opened his eyes at Sherlock's gentle urging and accepted his help in getting out of the cab. He allowed Sherlock to assist him up the stairs into the flat but once there seemed on the verge of collapse.
Bright indeed thought John, momentarily taken aback by the startlingly clear blue of the child's eyes. Remarkable that there were actually two humans on the planet with eyes that shade of blue... The boy's hair colour was impossible to judge, it lay on his head in such dirty mats that John looked at Sherlock with alarm.
Sherlock was still and silent. John looked down at him anxiously. He was about to say something else when Sherlock asked, “Do you think you can, John? Do you think I can change?”
“He can be controlled with the right incentives and he has valuable… skills,” he added the last word slowly. His expression hardened, “The questioning of captives for one.  Not many have what it takes to do it, but it is necessary, I assure you, despite what headquarters may say.”
Warning: reference to past sexual assault
“Not today, Ælfscíene, your time is not today. You must come back to me now. ” He bent his head to whisper this against Sherlock’s ear.
The door at the end of the hall, unseen at first glance as it was hidden by demolition rubble, did indeed open onto a path by the river. There was no sign of the gang members who had been in the warehouse earlier, stock-taking a large shipment of weapons bound for God-knows-where when Sherlock and John had startled them. However, judging by the rapid pace that Sherlock set, John guessed that he felt they were still in some danger and he hastened to keep up.
Thank you all so much for reading and a special thank you for letting me know what you thought of the story. And thank you anonymous prompter for such a touching and sweet concept.  There is never too much love!
John sat down to have his own meal and as he did so, he assessed his patient’s progress.  All in all, Blackburn was doing well, in fact, recovering remarkably fast.  To John’s surprise, this realization caused a sudden swell of warm satisfaction within him. He wondered at it while he sipped his tea and listened to the drumming of the rain on the roof and the faint hiss of the gas fire burning before him. How extraordinary to feel something, anything, for the first time in months, in circumstances such as these.
John, back in control of himself, wrapped the T-shirt around Sherlock snuggly and held him close, “We are leaving this terrible place now, luflíc,” he said, his voice hoarse with emotion.
John reached up and turned the water off.  He held Sherlock tightly and spoke into his ear firmly.
After another pause came the next hopeful question, "Does that mean that Batman could be my friend too?"
“Perhaps.  But you have the currency to buy it back, John, if you want to.”
Sherlock’s cheeks pinkened and he lowered his eyes.  “Nō, Ælfric.”
“If we could talk about it. That would help, John.”
John waited a few seconds to ensure that Moran had truly gone before he moved.  Moran’s odor was strong in the bunker, he was obviously aroused and anticipating taking an omega.  His senses must have been dulled by arousal too, since he had failed to sense John's presence.  A low growl sounded in John’s throat, uncontained fury at the thought of Moran with Sherlock.  But he forced his mind back into focus.
John turned his head to look speculatively at Sherlock once more before concluding, “Something about this whole case just isn’t adding up… and it hasn’t from the start.” He frowned again before saying in an anything but friendly tone, “Regardless, when we get to London, your handler and I are going to have a little chat about your safety and wellbeing going forward, Sherlock.”
The order came from Lestrade, gasping on the floor several feet away. And when Sherlock turned and stared at him blankly, Lestrade barked louder, "Give it the hell here! Now, Sherlock!"
John nodded so Sherlock drew his T-shirt from the waist band of his pyjamas and eased it over John’s head. John was perfect. His shoulders were squared and his chest lightly muscled, filling out now after his illness and nicely balanced by a sturdy waist. And Sherlock smiled at the sprinkling of freckles across John’s torso, wanting to kiss each one.
Suddenly amused, but not wanting to give Sherlock any encouragement, John turned and grinned out the window.
Molly greeted them at the lab doors and led them to morgue, flustered and awkward in their presence as though uncertain how to treat the living amongst the cool and silent beings with whom she usually shared this space.  She retreated when they reached the counter but returned moments later with a small bundle, carefully wrapped in delicate blue, cradled in her arms. Nothing of her manner was awkward now; she was confident in this role, her face alight with grace and kindness as she stepped forward to offer John what she held.
Sherlock sat back in his chair and fixed John with a steady gaze. "Please don't apologize, John. I'm the one who is sorry. It is inexcusable that in my line of work I failed to observe and understand what you have just been forced to tell me." His expression was sober.
Sherlock fought hard, even half-conscious, but he was not able to escape the fingers in his hair or the knee pressed to the back of his neck. His captor laughed and crooned in his ear, “Listen Omega, I told you, you’ll just have to make do with us, ‘cause your ‘John’ isn’t here, is he?”
John’s heart swelled with affection. “You’re more than welcome, Sherlock. You rest now. I’ll take care of you.”
"Harvey is not here, John."
John wasn’t usually a swearing man but now he shot his head up to snarl at the soldier, “Get the fuck out of my quarters, Private!”
He continued, "I think it was very often. Am I right?" John didn't respond but Sherlock could tell he was listening. "Geoffrey knew you loved him, John." He sought John's eyes. "Of course you wanted to see him and hold him; to say goodbye, of course you did and you should have been allowed, the doctors were wrong not to give him to you, but don't let yourself think that your baby didn't know you loved him."
The room begin to fill with steam immediately and, Sherlock, his outline already misted around the edges in the candlelight, stepped close, very close to John and looked down into his eyes.
With Sherlock’s clothes in the plastic bag, along with his pistol, John tied it off tightly and tucked it under his arm. He brushed the sand and gravel from Sherlock’s hair, concerned that there was nothing he could do to disguise the bruising beginning to appear on his face and neck. But at least Sherlock was acceptably clean and dry; enough so that a cabbie wouldn’t refuse to pick them up. And there was no question that it must be a cab; even if the risk of aggression from other Alphas hadn’t been a problem, Sherlock was too weak to walk or use public transport.
Neilson’s jaw tightened in annoyance.  “We were having some trouble picking him up. He was onto us. So we hired a merc… er… an outside agent.”
Myths were vanishing into the past these days but were still relevant to understanding the origins of class and social order. Triptolemus was said to have inherited the mothering capacity of Gaia as well as power over seeds and crops, the latter a gift given to him by Demeter, the Goddess of grains and fertility. His Gaia Omega descendants were believed to have the qualities of both the primordial mother and primordial man combined and thus considered sacred. Sherlock should have guessed when he had noted John’s beautiful eyes; deep blue like the heavens and a brown as rich as fertile earth…
"My landlady Mrs. Hudson made up the room and prepared the loo across the hall for you, John. She also left us some tea. I'm going to go and get you a cup while you get settled in here, alright?"
“It’s fine,” John said as he bent to help make him comfortable.  “Go back to sleep.”
"No, John."
But before he could respond to the knock, there was a shout from outside the door. “Watson, the Commandant wants to see you. In his office.  ASAP.” It was the Aide de Camp’s voice.
Be careful he cautioned himself, anger can make one careless…
Desperately, John tried to come up with an alternate strategy… Sherlock couldn’t hear him but perhaps the other way around might work? Sherlock trusted him as a protector, he might be thinking of him now, enough for John to sense him… and Sherlock couldn’t be far away, he hadn’t had time to go any distance; proximity would help.
"My God! John! Are you alright? Don't be afraid. It's alright; I'll take care of you!" Sherlock was staggering up in his hurry to reach John.
John untied the belt imprisoning Sherlock’s wrists and rubbed his hands for him to get their circulation back. While he was working, Sherlock sat still and quiet where he had settled, almost on John’s lap. When John was done and was once more supporting him in a hug, Sherlock’s eyes flickered open and he raised his head to stare at John. His body was heavy and pliant and he blinked several times as if to try to focus his vision. “John…I...want you. Now. I need you.” He closed his eyes as a tremor shook his body. John could feel wet heat spreading where Sherlock rested against his thigh. And dear God, the surge of arousal that coursed through John in response to it, and Sherlock’s whispered plea, swept almost every vestige of rational thought from John’s mind. He began to pant and shake under the force of his desire. Trying to fight it off, he sucked in a deep breath of air and gripped Sherlock’s face with both hands. “Open your eyes, Sherlock,” he urged.
Out in the open interior of the bunker, with his tactical flashlight in one hand and baton in the other, methodically, John began breaking the latches and throwing the lids off of the ammunition crates. The first line of crates yielded nothing; they were either full of weapons or empty. Growing increasingly desperate, John began on the second row.
“What?” came the sulky reply, “Just leave the key on the table, John. Spare me the boring good-byes, please.”
“Shhh, shhh, I’ll hold you. It’s alright. It’s just hormones, Sherlock. It will pass quickly, I promise, it will pass, my love.”
Sherlock looked up at him in question.
"What's this Sherlock, you're saving the biscuits for the important guests?" Lestrade complained.
John gave an inward sigh of relief at Sherlock’s interested response. He closed his eyes and indulged himself.  “Yes. I’ve watched you when you are thinking, Sherlock; you close your eyes and bring your fingertips up to stroke your lips…almost like a kiss…and when you’re agitated, those fingers slide a cigarette between your lips so you can draw in the smoke and taste…and you close your eyes and sigh…and sometimes when you’re very upset you tangle your fingers in your hair and pull until the pain distracts you from your frustration…and when you’re not comforting yourself with your hands and your fingers, you protect them in leather gloves, so smooth they feel like a second skin or shelter them in the warmth of the pockets of your wool overcoat.”
Lestrade's mouth fell open once more in shock. However, before he could recover himself to speak, the social worker answered John, "No, I'm afraid that's not possible.” She gestured and added vaguely, "There are rules. He will have to come with me now, but don't worry he will receive the best of care."
John swallowed and shook his head, his eyes sliding shut again as he trembled against Sherlock.
John gave a sniff, followed by a small laugh.  “If you are sure, then yes, Sherlock.  I love you and I want to look after you for the rest of your life too.  I can’t think of anything more wonderful than being your husband.”
Sherlock was silent.
Sherlock had known John had beautiful eyes; he had marveled the dark blue of John's irises−deep blue like the heavens on a summer night, encircled by an unusual colour-orb of earth brown−from the first time he'd looked into them. And right now John's eyes seemed to be casting some of kind of immobilising spell on Sherlock; which was a ridiculous notion and one Sherlock rejected immediately. Still, something unusual happening…was it a trick of the light? Yes, it must have been, for even as Sherlock stared, the sensation of entrancement faded. Sherlock blinked to find that John appeared as perfectly normal as usual.
"You don't have to try to be worthy of anything John. You are already are. You just need to believe it."
John considered the scenario. It was certainly possible.  And if his tissues dried out enough, Sherlock’s scent would diminish greatly, if not disappear; making his trail impossible to follow… this would explain his almost vanished scent. With the unerring certainty of an alpha in tune with its omega, mind and body, John knew he had arrived at the truth. It had been an ingenious escape strategy and John felt pride at its brilliance.  But alarm followed rapidly on the heels of admiration; it was a life threatening maneuver for Sherlock; dehydration to the extent required to contract his tissues would kill him within a few hours, perhaps sooner in his already weakened condition.  The longer Sherlock remained without fluids the less likely it would be that John could revive him.  He must find him quickly.
Nothing! Even before he entered his tent John knew it was empty.  He sniffed.  Someone had been there in the short time he had been gone though; Moran… yes, and someone else… John shook his head in an involuntary reaction to the foul odour… it was the scent of the burly sergeant who had brought Sherlock to his tent the previous night. John growled. The brute’s presence explained how Sherlock could have been taken so quickly. Moran would have his spies in the camp.  He could hardly carry out his nefarious activities without accomplices. Obviously the sergeant was one of them.
“Is it okay then, John? Is it alright?”
John started the car and pulled out into the lane, heading eastward to London again.
When Sherlock pressed his lips together in mutinous silence, Mycroft stepped into the circle of light with them and remarked, “Indeed, yes. Mother and brother, Sherlock has both.”  He looked John up and down. “You ran us quite a chase, Captain.” He added speculatively, “You no longer have a limp, I detect.  How interesting...”
"I see. Then you won't object if the hospital discharges you into my care? I'll make the arrangements shall I?"
After a long look, Sherlock broke into a happy smile and began to plant excited kisses on John's face interspersed with eager exclamations of, "Yes! Yes, John. And soon, is that alright?"
John glanced quickly at Sherlock's face, wondering suddenly how he was going to cope with an unknown, filthy child clinging to his neatly pressed blue silk shirt − the bat-shirt, mused that part of John's brain which seemed to be taking on a will of its own. Strangers, dirt and small children − as far as anyone knew, Sherlock disliked all three in equal measure.
John could tell Sherlock was becoming confused about his feelings, so he changed the subject.  “You asked me why I’m confident that you can change.  It’s more than just your desire to change.  It’s because of the way you are Sherlock, I mean who you are.”
They repeated the action until Sherlock had finished about half of the soup.  As John had predicted, before long, the warm food had relaxed him enough to feel sleepy again.  He had just swallowed a spoonful when he closed his eyes and leaned into John, asleep before John could lower him to his pillow.
“It’s not my birthday.”
His superior stilled and eyed John coldly.
John smiled tenderly and stoked Sherlock’s cheek.  “My love, you've always been mine, isn't that what you said?”
As the minutes went by, finally Sherlock began to subside into stillness and quietness.
John relaxed slightly then mumbled, "I see what you mean." Sherlock could see his brows draw together in slight confusion. Then, still looking at the floor, he said quietly, almost sadly, "You're right, of course."
When Sherlock returned with the tea, he found John lying on his side on the bed, curled in on himself with his back to the door. Sherlock's cautious enquiry yielded no response so he set the vacuum flask of tea on the nightstand and drew the duvet from the foot of the bed up over John and left the room, leaving the door ajar.
"Therefore," he said, "it's my professional opinion that we should discuss his care going forward in private. He has bonded with Sherlock, so I recommend that it is in his immediate best interests that Sherlock should continue to supervise him while we discuss next steps."
"Geoffrey! The baby! Tell them, Harvey, please? Don't let them take him away! He needs me; he'll die without me Harvey! Oh God, my baby, tell them to give him to me please?! I'll do anything you want, just let me have him, please, please!"
He shook his head as if to try to shake off the mantle of evil over the room. This particular monster’s reign was over. With John’s discovery Moran’s world had come to an end. It was a matter of hours if not minutes now.
Tired and confused, John spluttered, "What the bloody hell, Sherlock!?"
"The clue of course, is related to the letters that each of the victims received in the days previous to their murders but not in the obvious manner that one would think." Sherlock stopped suddenly and turned to John. "John? Perhaps you are tired and would like to rest? Lestrade can come back or I can go to the station later."
It was all Sherlock could do to not call out,
John, in the midst of opening his mouth to say something about the mess December was making with his food, caught Sherlock's eye and shut it again. Of course, he's right, John thought, table manners are the least of the child's worries right now.  He silently thanked Sherlock, who acknowledged it with one of his disarming half-smiles.
Sherlock smiled. He held out a hand and nodded.
John said, "I think love you."
"John," he said hoarsely, "Listen to me. You carried your son with you for seven months, day and night, and during those months how many times, every day, did you tell him how much you loved him?"
Sherlock's voice was a growl in his ear which interrupted John's internal monologue. And was that a light nip on the side of John's neck? It was. Presumably to get John's full attention; which was completely unnecessary at that point.
Lestrade touched John's arm and reluctantly, John turned to follow him. The two kept out of direct view from the nave; separated from it by a multitude of arches and dividers as they made their way along the south wall of the church. It was when, cautiously, they were crossing the main west entrance of the cathedral, and were directly under the clock and the pipe organ, that they were attacked.
John reached for a bottle of water.  “Of course, here is wæterdrinc.”
… He faced their accosters.
John blinked and took a step backward, unused to such a bald assessment of his mental−and sexual−weaknesses by a complete stranger.
"I…I was wondering if…you would like me to make dinner for you. If not, it's okay, I mean…I…I know I'm not a very good cook. Harvey says…" He stopped, confused.
“And now, without your eyes upon me, I am devastated.” John put out a hand to drew Sherlock’s chin up and smiled into his eyes, “I was teasing you, my love. I’m learning that I’m conceited enough to like being the centre of your attention, I hope that you will always look at me the way you are now.”
John wasn't listening. He was quietly weeping, one hand over his eyes. He swallowed, "Now I'll never know what happened to Geoffrey…to Geoffrey's body. I tried to get Harvey to tell me before he left the hospital where Geoffrey was, if he took him or not, but he wouldn't tell me. I was still hoping that one day he would. With Harvey dead, now I'll never what happened to my son's body."
The central compound was empty and silent. Good, thought John with grim satisfaction; without others around and no breeze, tracking the small party would be that much easier.
John turned to look at Sherlock who hadn’t moved from where he had first stowed him; he was staring ahead bemusedly, his fingers gently touching his lips.
He was right, he scented them as he approached; three aroused Alphas, drunk with aggression and excitement and Sherlock afraid, yes, but angry too, fighting for his life. John jumped the barricade and landed on the line to see the group up ahead, under the overhang. One of Sherlock’s attackers was dead, his neck broken, but the other three had Sherlock surrounded. The tallest one was belting Sherlock’s wrists together behind his back and forcing him to his knees. A second shorter one was bending forward to leer in his face; as John watched, this Alpha got too close and Sherlock delivered him a head-butt which knocked him onto his back, almost unconscious. A third heavy-set man, who had been standing to one side watching, grinned with amusement. He then said something to the Alpha holding Sherlock and pulled his fully erect cock out of his trousers. He moved to confront Sherlock who hissed and growled something which John could not hear.
“Yeah, well,” he muttered.
Sherlock didn’t answer, but his breathing had taken on the ragged sound it had had the previous night. He was terrified.
Sherlock tried to force his attention back to Lestrade, saying, "Yes," but he glanced up the stairs anxiously after John once more before he continued, "Our murderer guessed it would be only a matter of time before John would remember that the letter hadn't been there when he was lying in the vestibule, especially once John was questioned by police as a witness. Not aware of the fractured nature of their relationship, the murderer assumed that the first person John would confide in would be Harvey. He therefore wants both John and Harvey silenced."
Sherlock was surprised but relieved to learn that John had apparently agreed. He hadn't wanted to resort to subterfuge to get to John although it would have been easy enough. Even if lives were at stake, the idea of deceiving John, who had obviously been shown little respect in his life, felt wrong.
"He said it's not surprising, in his experience, Omega like me heal differently and reproduce differently from others. And, there is no reason to think that anything is wrong. He said he would recommend an obstetrician for us and we should get the baby checked out of course, but that everything seemed to be fine."
At the sight of his slight form, so still and pale, an anguished roar erupted from John. Please not dead! Merciful God, please! He wrenched the wooden slats of the crate apart, desperation lending him strength and lifted Sherlock into his arms.
James Blackburn was a striking looking man. He had a head of dark curly hair worn longer than was currently fashionable, a long face with unusually high and prominent cheek bones and strangely bright eyes and an intense gaze, noticeable even in a black and white photo.
"But it wasn't your fault."
Sherlock had never cried in his life that he could remember, not once, but he felt the tears now.
Fortunately, John was not seriously hurt. He rose again almost immediately, blinking and shaking his head to face Sherlock once more.
A faint blush appeared on the youth’s cheeks but this time he held John’s gaze.  John gazed back in fascination until suddenly he became aware the youth was shivering and said hastily, “I’m sorry, leifling, you are cold!  Let’s finish your bath and then, if you will allow me, I will bind your ankle for you.”
Sherlock looked at his feet again. "I think it's something else John, actually."
“Will you shower with me, John?”
John, his eyes on December, warned quietly, "Sherlock."
Dragging his attention back to Lestrade, Sherlock said shortly, "Well, I should have thought it was obvious but of course not to the lot you work with." His look dared Lestrade to contradict him but Lestrade patiently did not, so he continued, "You've got three murdered priests; each of whom received a threatening letter shortly before their deaths. The victims held the parishes of St. Joseph's, St. Agnes and St. Alphonsus. And by-the-way, a bishop at Westminster Cathedral is the most likely next victim unless your force can get themselves organised enough for once to prevent a crime."
“þu you hlystest!” John insisted, “Listen to me. It will be alright, I promise.  I’ll go and be back again very quickly.  You will be safe for a short while alone; your scent is not strong now that you’re bathed and your heat has eased.  The soldiers who captured you will have been sent into the field again; they are no longer in the camp.  If anyone else knew of your existence they will likely think that you are… no longer here...” John trailed off, not wanting to frighten Sherlock more by what his words suggested. He leaned over the bed to gather Sherlock to him and pleaded, “I’m asking you to trust me, Sherlock.  I want you to try to be calm and to stay here and wait for me. I will lock this door and the outer door behind me.  No soldier will dare come in to my quarters after what happened to the one who tried it last night, I can guarantee that! Will you do as I ask, please?”
“It is… ah… different,” Sherlock said, then added quickly, “But I thank you for it.”
Part II is in the works. It contains bowls full of fluffy pink love, some M rated spice, little bits of bitter-chocolate angst, coloured sprinkles of humour and a surprise (or two). Oh, and just to put a damper on the celebration, Mycroft will make an appearance.
The British Secret Service…CSIS...the CIA… purveyors in the torture trade, all.  John acknowledged to himself, belatedly, that he wouldn’t have been able to follow through on the job even if Blackburn hadn’t become ill and required medical help.  The flare of vengeful wrath he’d experienced when he learned of Blackburn’s association with QAT had burned out quickly. Intercepting Blackburn had done nothing to ease his pain, his constant companion since Afghanistan.  And offering up a man, any man, for torture and disappearance was not in John’s nature, no matter how damaged his soul.
As he watched Sherlock’s efforts to pleasure himself, John concentrated with all his might on maintaining a physician’s objectiveness. But by God how he, John the man, not the doctor, wanted Sherlock like this! He’d press those thighs apart himself, kneel between them and swallow Sherlock down his throat. John groaned inwardly, Sherlock’s cock was so very beautiful, small and delicate, even for an Omega and John could easily fit him in his mouth. He’d give him pleasure such as Sherlock had never dreamed of...
Sherlock half rose as if to follow him but John, turning back said, "It's alright Sherlock, I don't want to slow the investigation, for either of you; I want whoever did this to be arrested for everything that he has done."
Sherlock knew he was a cold man, he'd been told it many times, but what he had experienced this evening was unsettling him. Of course he knew about domestic violence and abuse; he had seen the impact of it often in the course of his work. But this was the first time he had ever witnessed it and he was unused to the feeling of helplessness he'd felt in the face of such brutal cruelty being perpetrated against someone as vulnerable as John. He'd gambled on Harvey backing down when faced with a police officer, knowing that as himself there would have been little or nothing he could have done to help John.
Graves raised an eyebrow but didn't comment. “Good," he said. “Here is James Blackburn's file. You have forty-eight hours to apprehend and transfer him to our client. Get in touch with me when you have him and I'll provide you with the coordinates.” Graves added, “You will have to move fast to get to him before QAT does. Our firm can’t bill if the package is delivered in small pieces.”
"Sherlock, listen to me−"
Dear God, John wanted Sherlock! It would be easy to take him now! He would spend the rest of the night mastering this exquisite creature; uninterrupted hours tasting and possessing every inch of him, reveling in his liquid heat and helpless submission. He knew Sherlock would not resist him, every alpha instinct told him so.
Sherlock took him in his arms and implored.  “John.  Stop and listen to me.  Please.”
Still, unaccountably confused and uncertain of himself all of a sudden, Sherlock said, "Ah, dinner. Would you like something to eat?" He wasn't hungry, he rarely was, but he remembered that it was dinner-time, when most people ate, and it was the only thing that he could think of to say on-the-spot.
Sherlock said in confusion, “I do know John.  But…I don’t understand why you won’t marry me because of it…”
But as searingly uncomfortable as the man’s examination of him was, John was unprepared for the loss he felt when Blackburn sighed slightly and turned his gaze to the ceiling before closing his eyes. John was pitched into a dark free-fall.  Too late, he wanted desperately to hold on to the look; it had seemed to offer him something…something important…
"For God's sake John, you're ill! Please just lie still for a moment. I'm getting you a pillow and a blanket."
Tears formed in John's eyes when he thought of the sacrifice and the consideration his husband was showing him. Then he smiled. The solution was so very easy.
“I don’t want to talk to anyone else, John. Just you.”
“John?” Sherlock came to stand behind him at the sink and nuzzle his neck affectionately.
“James Blackburn.”
Sherlock, semi-conscious from the blow to his head, slumped sideways as his captor’s hand fell away. But by then, pistol placed on the gravel beside them, John was there to catch him before he could hit the tracks. Even barely conscious, Sherlock knew he was home. His body sagged against John and he sighed softly, his eyelids flickering momentarily before closing against his pale cheeks.
"John, John, wake up please. It's me, Sherlock, we can talk about this, but you need to wake up first, alright?"
"No."
“What the hell?! No! Sherlock! Get back!”
scientiae optumus − best scientist
“Because you need an Omega who can give you lots of children, Sherlock. You are a magnificent Alpha, intelligent, courageous and so loving and gen…tle…” John choked over his last words.
“Oh, for…!” John voiced a mild curse.  “Just bloody minded!”
The child's head lifted slightly and John realized that he or she had been watching them all along from under one thin arm, wanting not to be surprised by an attack should it come. He felt his heart twist painfully.
The light, it turned out, was in the kitchen where the pub’s breakfast cook was at work. It was he who opened the door to John’s insistent ringing. A rather listless young man, he shrugged off-handedly at John’s story of excessive wedding celebrations and handed over a room key without comment. To John’s relief, he was nowhere to be seen a short time later when John half carried a staggering Blackburn up the main staircase of the pub to a second floor room.
But he didn’t sound displeased.
Sherlock allowed himself to think as they rode. He would be relieved to get back to his flat. He found hospitals put him into sensory overload with the glare of lights, always on, and the pervasive odor of disinfectant. At least the revolting stench of Harvey Smith was undetectable on John now, thank heaven. It had made the bile rise in Sherlock's throat resulting in simultaneous urges to gag and tear Harvey apart. The only thing that would have rid Sherlock of this sensation would have been the raw, metallic scent of Harvey's blood flowing from his torn-out throat…and what a pleasure-inducing fantasy that was! Sherlock shook his head, surprised at the turn his thoughts had taken. Perhaps he really was a psychopath after all! But on second thought, he didn't think so; anyone would be forgiven for having such thoughts about Harvey Smith.
“Hey…you don’t have to do anything, remember?  You don’t have to apologize to me, I love you Sherlock, being at your side is more than enough. I meant that when I said it! I’m very happy with you Sherlock! In fact, I feel like the luckiest man in the world! You are amazing!”
“Oh, you know, just to get going with breakfast and things.” John waved his hand vaguely. “Have a seat anyway and eat something, will you? There’s some of your favourite honey here.” Mrs. Hudson, bless her, had retrieved the shopping that John had dropped on the stairs yesterday and left it on their counter for them.
"I know. I believed you, John." Sherlock ran a reassuring hand over John's hair.
John's expression held incredulity, a sense of betrayal even. "How could you believe that after how he treated me? You were there, Sherlock, you saw him and heard him! You think I miss that? That I'd grieve for that?"
John whispered, “Tell him it’s safe.  You are an adult now; tell him you’ll protect him and that I’ll protect him too.  Tell him you understand his fear and that you understand he had no one to help him when he was a little boy but that now he has both of us and together we’ll make sure no one ever hurts him again…” John was near tears himself.  He whispered, “Tell him Nanny is gone and her devil’s workshop of punishments is closed. It’s gone and it will never be again.  Tell him I won’t hurt him and that I just want to play pirates and swim in the starlight; tell him Sherlock.”
Standing before the grave of his tiny lost son, John squeezed Sherlock’s hand in gratitude and accepted a kiss in response.  He then bent forward to place a white rose onto the black earth before they turned away together.  As they did so, neither felt the necessity for goodbyes for they both knew there would be a lifetime of return visits to this peaceful, lovely place.
Either one or both of them would have walked him home from school except that Mrs. Hudson frequently insisted that she be the one to meet him "…because I hardly get to see the dear boy otherwise..."
His tone then turned from dismissive to deadly, "The murderer will not find John to be such an easy target."
John, trained in night maneuvers, spotted Sherlock in the dark immediately. He was lying on the floor, doubled up in pain and squeezing his knees to his abdomen with both arms. Even as John approached him, another spasm of pain took him and he gasped and rocked desperately. He then arched his neck involuntarily, trying to vomit, with nothing but a small amount of fluid emerging from his mouth.
John flicked off the torch and waited the few seconds required for his eyes to adjust to the darkness again.  He judged that Moran would be returning at any moment and he didn’t intend to be caught by surprise, nor did he wish to engage him unless there was no other option. Sherlock needed rehydrating as soon as possible and John did not want to waste time on Moran if he could avoid it.  Moran would be dealt with once Sherlock was out of danger.
“Good,” John’s kisses continued, roving over the exposed paleness of Sherlock’s neck, not admonishing as they had been in the shower, but rather wooing and seductive.  He kissed with deliberate intent until he felt Sherlock’s pulse quicken and saw a faint flush appearing wherever his lips touched.  With a satisfied sound, he lifted his head to say, “We are leaving this place now, within the hour, on the outgoing supply flight.  I am requesting an immediate discharge from the army. I am retiring and asking you to come with me to my home in Rheged. It is far from these hot deserts; in a land of lakes and hills. I feel it would suit you well.”
Lestrade grasped his hand and quickly assessed him…hmmmm, a courageous man but gentle, not a murderer even if his ex-husband by most accounts might have merited it.
He stripped the last remnants of cloth away from the youth's body and to his surprise John found he was not the immature adolescent that he had first thought. Small and delicate certainly, very much so, and sexually uninitiated, but not immature; he was a fully developed omega, probably in his late teens.
“Yes, it’s alright…I’m going to help you.” John went to his aid, grasping his arm and encouraging him back in the direction of the couch.
"Talk to me about motive Sherlock," prompted Lestrade quietly.
Sherlock helped John unfasten the trousers.  God, that fabric really is wonderful thought John absently as he folded them carefully and placed them with the shirt.  The silk boxers followed but were not so neatly folded as John, emotionally overcome with admiration and love at the sight of Sherlock naked before him, suddenly pulled Sherlock firmly against him, head to toe, in a full body hug.  He groaned in bliss at the sensation.  Sherlock was breathing shakily and hugging him back and for John it was as though the gates of heaven itself had opened; never had he dreamed that he’d one day be doing this with Sherlock!
John watched the slow rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest for a few moments, allowing himself to enjoy the sweet relief that welled up in him at the picture of Sherlock, safe and relaxed after yesterday’s nightmare ordeal.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked at the floor before looking up at John again with visible tears in his eyes and whispered, “I want back everything that was taken from me when I was eleven years old. I want my body back and I want my dreams back. You were the boy I loved and the sailor I rescued, John. Now that I am a man, I want to be able to share that with you again.” The tears were flowing down his face now, his mouth trembling and his voice unsteady, “I want all that they took from me back, so I can give it to you, John. That’s what hurts the most; that I have nothing left to give to you. That I am hollow didn’t really matter so much before I met you, but now it matters more than anything in the world−I hate that I have nothing to give you−you who mean more to me than my own life, John!” He lowered his head and wept.
He heard himself ask, "How long does it take for a couple to become qualified to provide emergency care for a child-in-need?" He continued, "I'm a family physician and my partner is…." Ummm, best not to mention that, he thought quickly and started again, "The Holmes family is a well-known and respected one; my partner's brother is Sir Mycroft Holmes…" Any port in a storm, he thought, grateful for the first time ever for Mycroft's existence. Then the troublesome voice at the back of his brain made itself heard…
“Let me get out first, Sherlock, pretend to struggle with your seatbelt… anything, just don’t get out of the car until I tell you it’s safe.”
Sherlock, fully aware of John's scrutiny of course, looked up and caught him off guard with one of his, for-John-only, highly flirtatious, the-name-is-Sherlock-Holmes winks.
to eat, I'm sure I will enjoy it. But why bother unless you feel like it? I'd had it in mind to order take-away, perhaps Chinese…"
How right this felt! With just this simple action, John was stunned to find himself awash with alpha sensations the strength of which he’d never experienced; fiery heat coursed through him, pooling with throbbing tension in his belly and his chest tightened painfully with emotion.  His senses flared and physical sensation overwhelmed his consciousness; the tickle of a soft curl of hair against his forehead  he felt down to his toes; under his hand, the feel of slippery fabric over fragile flesh and bone swallowed the memory of all he’d felt before it and the thumping of his circulation in his ears deafened him. Far too late to stop it, he felt Sherlock’s fresh, sweet scent, already familiar and dear, overtake him and imprint itself, unchallenged, onto his soul…
“It means to study or watch.”
John reeled.  “Dear God, Sherlock.”
“It’s alright. But what’s happened?” He was sounding more worried by the moment.
As they ate the omelette and toast, Sherlock observed John discreetly and decided that it was safe to leave him for the morning. John had not yet offered to tell him in detail of the events in the church that had led to the traumatic loss of his pregnancy and Sherlock refused to pressure him so he had been pursuing the case using what little information John had provided the first night in the hospital. He had been making progress but the next step necessitated a couple of hours on Lestrade's computer. So after breakfast he took his leave but not before thanking John sincerely for the meal and surprising him by carrying their breakfast dishes to the sink where he stacked them neatly, and pouring John a second cup of tea. Shrugging on his coat he winked at John's nonplussed expression and exited the flat. Downstairs, as an extra precaution he stopped at Mrs. Hudson's to ask if she would mind checking in on John at elevenses.
"No John−"
Moran went for the ruse.  And he was a good shot, firing low to the ground exactly where the torch had landed, no doubt wanting to ensure that Sherlock stayed alive while disabling his challenger enough to be an easy kill once Sherlock was recaptured.  But in doing so he took a small step forward; just enough to cause a sliver of his shadow to become visible in the entrance of the bunker.  John, smooth and exacting, aimed his pistol at where he judged Moran to be standing outside, for he wasn’t visible, and fired through the galvanized steel of the bunker.  His bullet found home; Moran fell with a shriek, sprawling across the open doorway. He struggled to rise, swearing viciously and writhing in agony before finally stilling.  John watched dispassionately as Moran’s jerky movements slowed to a stop.
“When the armies arrived on that day...” Sherlock’s voice shook slightly, “The Elder Council made the decision to hide the lakes.  It was right to do so; it is what must be done under such circumstances. It has been done before in our history but then the knowledge of how to bring the lakes back was retained by the people who survived.  I fear that that is not the case this time; the lakes may be gone forever.”
John held on to the hand offered him and nodded.
"I'm sorry, Harvey! I wasn't questioning your judgement. Please Harvey, I just need to know−!"
John was unable to sleep well at the best of times, and that night, with the added factor of the summer heat, he remained awake. He listened to the sounds of the city; the unceasing murmur of traffic, an occasional shout from a late night pub-goer, even the faint grumbling of pigeons as they jockeyed for position under the eaves of neighbouring buildings, all familiar sounds and all soothing. He’d always loved London.
It was a bark accompanied by a fierce growl and a lightning-fast pounce. John was propelled backward, letting out a sharp yelp of surprise as he felt himself fly through the air, fully expecting to hit the cold marble of the wall. But that isn't what happened; rather, the back of his head was caught and settled into the warm firm palm of Sherlock's right hand and his back supported by the iron strength of Sherlock's left while a very insistent thigh was inserted between his own, effectively pinning him to the wall. He thought vaguely, I should be terrified…why am I not terrified? It was bewildering.
Once he was sure Sherlock was in control of himself again, John asked gently, “Can you tell me where the pain is coming from? And what kind of pain is it Sherlock…stabbing or throbbing or something else? Tell me about it,” he coaxed.
Iċ i þance – I give thanks
“Sherlock−”
Sherlock looked at the floor. “Sometimes. Lately.”
Foxley was in darkness as John drew the car to a stop at the Rookwood Arms. He parked behind a large shrub, hidden from view from the street, more out of habit than a sense of threat, although one couldn’t be too careful.  There had been no sign of life in the village as they had driven through it. Neither was there any activity to be seen in the pub, although a light was visible from one of its back room windows.
“Yes, leifling, it will make you soft and sleepy and without pain; wærc ne.”
Sherlock, a student of the classics, particularly philosophy and science, was aware that in earlier centuries Gaia Omega had been revered as descendants of the Greek deity Triptolemus. Triptolemus was the favourite son of Gaia, the great mother−creator the gods, the universe and life itself.
“It’s too late, John.” Sherlock looked up, his eyes desperately sad.
“Trenholm Securities, they’re the best in the business. I’ve no idea what could’ve gone wrong.” Neilson was defensive.
myn lykyng − my liking, my heart’s desire; the one I delight in, the one who gives me pleasure
inventum − invented
"'Of course', nonsense?" queried Lestrade, trying to keep up.
John, looking down at him, smiled. He took a long look at Sherlock lying on his back, knees raised, grinning at John, his fingers playing absently with the hem of John’s shirt which had come untucked during his wild dive onto Sherlock. John could see many things; innocence, confidence, wisdom, a trace of smug self-satisfaction, but most evident of all, deep love in Sherlock’s face as he stared back.
John, very aware of Sherlock’s eyes on him, chuckled as he trimmed a wound dressing with surgical scissors, “Keep that up, luflíc and you’ll find I no longer remember how to apply the simplest bandage.  Your eyes have the effect of making me forget even my own name, beautiful one.”
“Yes, Sherlock!  Your safety is what matters. It’s the only thing that can matter.”
“I thought the drug was in the sugar…" he said, "It won’t happen again...”
Hello readers,
Suddenly, thoughts tumbled into John’s head in a wild, random jumble… Simarine body composition… extremely high in water, more so than other races – necessary for their near continuous immersion in water… and the Simarine, swimmers of extraordinary ability, facilitated, in part, by unusually flexible joints, not unlike otters and other water dwelling mammals…
Almost as soon as he had recovered full awareness and his brain began to come back online, he realized incredulously what it was. What John was...
“I’m sorry John, I wanted to, but I can’t do it, I just can’t!”
“Yes, right here Sherlock.” John turned from pouring boiling water into the tea pot to smile at him, firmly repressing the jolt of desire that flared in his belly at the sight of him. “You must be hungry,” he said.
John, unprepared for this all-out assault on his senses, went still and gazed with such unguarded longing at the magnificent expanse of warm, wet skin before him that Sherlock was certain victory was at hand.
"Sherlock, the doctor says I'm pregnant. He said that there is no mistake. I am." John looked up at Sherlock, bemused. "I think…I think he's right Sherlock, I remember now, this feeling, I remember."
myn luflíc - my love
The boy stopped crying and gazed in wonder at the tall figure stooping toward him. Sherlock grasped him awkwardly, not at all sure of himself, but December settled against him easily, reaching up with his own thin arms to hold Sherlock's neck. Settled, he then looked at John and said, "Okay, Doctor Watson, I'm ready now."
Something was wrong somewhere…“John?”
Ariane DeVere's work can be found here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/36505.html  Do check out her transcripts and comments; they are wonderful reading.
"John, I'm here. I'm right here; I'll help you, alright? Come to me John." Sherlock reached for John as he had before but this time, John reached too, to cling to him as though he were a lifeline.
The acrid scent of the hospital still clung heavily to John. He needed to be washed and his clothing bagged and binned. Sherlock could purchase him new clothes. He pondered. Perhaps flannel shirts…and cardigans to keep him warm. Yes, as soon as he felt it safe to leave John at the flat he would go to his tailors'. John needed other basics too; he had been discharged with nothing but Sherlock could provide him with everything he needed. It was a pleasurable thought and he smiled out the window as they rounded Piccadilly.
demanded Sherlock’s body, gone completely rogue from his brain. But he resisted.
“You’re lying! You had at him yourself already didn’t you!? While my back was turned! You decided to get a taste of him before me – like a filthy rutting boar! Didn’t you?” An infuriated snarl erupted from the Captain, almost unrecognizable in its aggression. “And I’m going to kill you for it, right after you tell me where you left him!”
The soup and tea were still warm.  John assisted Blackburn to sit upright and helped him sip the mug of tea and finish half of a bowl of the soup. Then after Blackburn had swallowed a couple of bites of the bread roll, he accepted John’s offer of several short puffs of the cigarette.  By the time he had finished that, he was fighting exhaustion once more and struggling to stay upright.  John smiled as he watched Blackburn’s body refuse to cooperate and he sagged back against the couch cushions.
“We can’t stay here, my love. I know you’re tired but we must get to somewhere safe as quickly as possible. It’s still very dangerous for you, Sherlock. Will you come with me?”
fierdrinc − warrior soldier
Less than five minutes after they had left the pub, John was steering the car into a high-hedged driveway a short distance from the village. He drew to a stop near the front door of an old but neatly maintained cottage.
At John's enthusiastic nod, he dropped his head to the crook of John's neck and began to laugh, part in giddy joy and part in real mirth.
John hated to remove his hand from Sherlock’s chest, for their pair connection was already starting to form, he could sense it through his palm.  But somehow he managed, switching hands when needed, to pull his own clothes off as well as Sherlock’s.  His heart began to pound at the sight of Sherlock naked and receptive before him. How many times had he relived the experience of that night two weeks ago when he had first seen Sherlock naked and wanting?  Now he could touch him as he had wanted, at last!
The agent pulled John’s pistol from his arm holster and raised it to show his colleague, “Got it, Bill.”
Sherlock was shaking in distress, “It’s the semen John, I can’t stand to see it or feel it!”  He choked, “She used to check my bed for it, and the handkerchiefs and towels, she checked my clothes and hands, everything. In the morning, she’d have Mycroft look at my sheets… Oh God, John! I was afraid every night. I wouldn’t let myself fall asleep.  I’d make myself stay awake so nothing would happen. It usually worked but once when I fell asleep I woke up in the morning and I could feel wetness and I saw it.  Oh God…,” he hugged his knees to himself and closed his eyes.
It seemed incredible but, had Sherlock been able, somehow, to voluntarily expire enough water from his tissues to reduce the circumference of his wrists and hands and, aided by his unique joint flexibility, slip out of his restraints?
He hadn’t had time to learn the complete layout of this particular base in the short time he’d been there but he knew that ammunition storage would be on its perimeter, so he headed outward, away from the centre of the camp with its barracks and service facilities. He had a scent to follow but he hoped to gain time by outrunning the trio.  It was risky of course, if by shortcutting he made a wrong turn and missed them, he’d lose precious minutes, but although his emotional connection to Sherlock had brought mind-clouding fear for his omega’s safety it had also awakened a powerful protective instinct. It was a new source of information and he knew to trust it.
“What John?” Sherlock looked up at him calmly. “It was a narrow escape, in hindsight. And I never made that mistake again.”
“I love you very much, Sherlock.” His voice was starting to shake slightly. “But you should know, it’s only fair…” Sherlock could tell tears weren’t far off now. Concerned, he nuzzled John’s ear. “What John? I’m sure it’s fine.”
And by God, if Harvey Smith had been still alive it would not have been for long, Sherlock thought viciously. His body began to shake with the desire to kill and he could hardly see for the red mist of rage blurring his vision at the thought of what John had just shared. The adrenaline flooding his body caused the hand that smoothed John’s cheek to tremble, despite his best efforts to keep it steady.
Here John gestured to Sherlock and the child. Unfortunately at that moment December was snuggling contentedly against Sherlock’s chest appearing not in the least traumatized. Nevertheless, John continued gamely.
"In my pocket, but John, are you alright?"
Sherlock cut him off to ask incredulously, “You think I’ll change my mind about you?!”
John goggled for a moment, as if trying to envision the picture, and then began to laugh too.
“Good.” John smiled again and squeezed Sherlock’s hands before saying, “Have a cup of tea and let’s check the email to see if there are any new cases.”
The destination was Kew Gardens.  The sun was beginning to sink toward the horizon as they entered the park; the air held that hushed anticipation of spectacular things to come that characterizes the early days of spring.  Mauve and white crocuses and ever-shy snowdrops were closing their petals against the cool evening air but the Japanese flowering cherries, like triumphant brides in their wedding finery, refused to be dimmed by the twilight.  It was under the fragrant shelter of one of these glorious ladies, surrounded by drifts of pink and white cherry-petals that Sherlock guided John to a seat on a bench.
John did what he could to ease Sherlock’s discomfort. He rocked him, applied as much pressure as he could against his entrance, holding his buttocks tightly, and murmured comfort and reassurance into his ear, all the while praying he’d fall asleep quickly, exhausted as he must be from his grueling day. And sure enough, it wasn’t long before his breathing evened out and he went limp in John’s arms. John eased his lax body under the sheets and settled beside him to keep watch until he too fell asleep, sometime near morning.
Example: "On November 4, 2009, an Italian judge convicted 22 suspected or known CIA agents....delivering the first legal convictions in the world against people involved in the CIA's extraordinary renditions program."
But before the murderer could pull the trigger, Sherlock flew from behind the nearest marble pillar, launching himself at the gunman with a shout for John to run. Taken by surprise and knocked off balance, the suspect lost his grip on the gun and it once again clattered onto the floor, this time skidding to a stop near John. Sherlock and the suspect struggled fiercely; a desperate murderer with nothing to lose, knowing that he had been set-up for arrest and Sherlock, whose only concern was for John's safety. Sherlock shouted again for John to run, his voice a hoarse gasp from the floor as the suspect, having gained a firm hold on his scarf, began to viciously choke him.
At John’s words, the youth panicked again, but this time likely from remembering his experiences earlier with the sergeant and his company.  He shook his head wildly and struggled to sit upright, knocking the mask away and clutching at John.  “Nō, Fierdrinc! Nō! Iċ i firmette, do not leave me alone!”
Sherlock was straining and pushing his hips up off the bed now, frantically rubbing himself and whimpering in need. “John!” he begged.
“As if you care what’s right or wrong.” Watson’s voice was harsh. But his next words were even harsher, “Alright. I’ll do it.”
John stood. "Yes, but why?"
After his emotional spell passed, Sherlock did not draw away. He leaned against John’s shoulder and breathed against his neck, seemingly enjoying their closeness. John thought about what Sherlock had shared and wondered at the extraordinary emotional depth of the man others thought to be cold and uncaring, if not sociopathic. And that he, John, of all people was the object of this amazing man’s love and trust was breathtaking. He tightened his hold and kissed Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock spent a fruitful morning in Lestrade's office, ignoring the DI's grumbling about compromised passwords and security clearance infractions. It was absorbing work, he loved to be on the trail of a killer but he surprised himself with his eagerness to return to Baker Street and John. He was simply worried about John's welfare he told himself, which was perfectly natural under the circumstances…never mind that what he actually found himself thinking about was John's illuminating smile at dinner the night before and how wonderful it felt to know that he, Sherlock, had been the one responsible for it.
The pleas were of a man stripped bare; helpless and reduced to wretched begging and they tore at Sherlock's emotional defenses. Acting on extraordinary impulse, forgetting completely to ask permission to touch John, he went to him and leaned over to lift him into his arms. He sank down on the bed holding John and instinctively began to rock him in an attempt to alleviate his terrible suffering.
Sherlock took his hand and brought it to his lips, “You can tell me anything John. Anything. Nothing will change how I feel about you. Trust me on that.”
Withdrawing a hand from Sherlock’s chest he used it to guide his cock to Sherlock’s entrance where he smoothed Sherlock’s lubricant over himself and assured himself that Sherlock was thoroughly wet.  He then positioned himself carefully and entered Sherlock in one smooth thrust. He only just had time to absorb Sherlock’s deep, shuddering groan of relief and the involuntary jerk of Sherlock’s hips back against him before John was submerged in his own stunning sensations.  The muscles of his lower abdomen twisted painfully at the shocking stimulation of Sherlock’s body around his cock. He gasped at the hard punch of it but even as he did, his body caught up with itself and the painful spasm turned rapidly to pleasure.
Sherlock sat down at the table and opened his lap-top. John must be protected and there was work to do.
It was John’s turn to look pained. “Sherlock, I’m so sorry, I won’t sleep next to you again. I don't want to make you uncomfortable!”
Sherlock felt stricken by the pain and humiliation in John’s voice. He couldn’t speak, his throat was so tight. But he reached with his hand to stroke John’s cheek again as John continued, “When I couldn’t bear it any longer I went to a doctor and got some medication…there’s a drug that is used sometimes, it chemically relaxes tight muscles. And you can’t feel anything. It worked…”
"But Harvey's right isn't he? Geoffrey died because I was too weak to protect him. What kind of a father can't protect his baby and let's someone….hurt him?"
He nudged against Sherlock, pulling Sherlock’s arm around himself. “This is me making my choice Sherlock, alright?” His voice was muffled against Sherlock’s chest.
John stood and surveyed the view from the window.  Despite it being 3:30 in the afternoon, darkness was starting to fall.  The day had hardly been light.  The rain hadn’t ceased since they’d arrived in Foxley; it fell on the roof with a steady hum, flowed down the inn’s drain pipes and formed puddles on the waterlogged ground. It was the sort of November afternoon he might have enjoyed before the war; settling before the fire with a book and a mug of hot tea.  But peace and contentment were gone from him now, torn from his soul by a burning sun; screams of anguish and death on hard-baked earth.  The hole that remained had refused to mend; through it everything that had been meaningful in his life had drained away, leaving him hollow.  He had felt the loss but had been unable to stop it.
“Certainly, Captain Watson.  And I trust in turn that I may rely upon you to keep your end of the bargain.”  Mycroft’s tone was officious, but he took a small step backward when he saw the murderous expression on John’s face and his balled fists in response to the provocation.
mere – lake, pond, pool, cistern
Sherlock stared up at him from his seat at the kitchen table, surprised. “What do you mean…used to be an Alpha−?”
John's head shot up. "What?! You are not, Sherlock! That is not true! And I'm a social-worker Sherlock, so I know a bit about it!"
Sherlock's eyes burned with blue fire. He lowered his head and caught John's mouth in another searing kiss.
John, torn between concern for Sherlock and fighting his own fiery desire, whispered, “I gave you my word Sherlock that I wouldn't take advantage of you and I intend to keep it." He breathed deeply, "Let me pour some cold water into the bath and get you a cool flannel. It will help you feel better. And it’s okay to touch yourself if you want to, you never have before, I know, but it’s okay to do it, almost everyone does at some time.” ...not that it will help me tonight, John thought, I could wank all night and in the morning still fuck you senseless, my beautiful, perfect Sherlock…
Good Lord, thought John as he gathered the tea tray to carry it to the couch.  If the man was this stubborn in his present condition, it didn’t bear thinking about what he might be like in full health!
The moment the agent’s attention on him wavered, John brought two clenched fists down hard, hitting the side of the man’s neck, knocking him out cold. He collapsed and lay still, face down in the wet leaf mold.
“I see,” he whispered, not looking at Sherlock.
leifling – darling (Afrikaans)
“Oh God, Sherlock. I want you too. You know I do! But after what you’ve been through today…this isn’t a good time.”
“Uh… alright. Well, maybe you should explain it to me then,” suggested John cautiously.
Neilson shifted uncomfortably.  He was sick to death of the God-damned Holmes brothers.  The sooner he was back state-side the better.
Sherlock made a sound of distress; he found John being unhappy about anything to be unbearable.
Once he was sure that John was soundly asleep; Sherlock kissed him one last time and rose to return to the kitchen to clean up the mess of broken beakers. He thought as he swept up glass. John. His beloved John. John was no longer who Sherlock had thought he was. He was no typical Omega he was Gaia. Sherlock could hardly believe it though! John had said nothing and surely he would have if he’d known. Sherlock stopped still. It seemed incredible but it was possible that John didn’t know of his special nature. But surely not! John was an adult; he’d been bonded for five years… Sherlock thought back to John’s confidences about his life as a bond mate and realized that rather than dispute it, John’s experiences confirmed it. Of course his Gaia nature had remained hidden from the violently abusive Harvey.
He wiped a defeated arm over his forehead. Where was Sherlock anyway? The longer he was out, the greater his risk of assault and although he was well able to look after himself ordinarily, tonight he was not in his usual fighting form. And the summer heat always made Alphas more aggressive…
“Hey, it’s alright,” said John, his voice low and gruff from sleep. He roused himself and turned to face Sherlock, resting his head on one bent elbow, “You can check me out whenever you want to,” he said with a slow smile
“Perhaps you’re right John, and your indignation on my behalf is touching, really it is.” He raised the mocking eyebrow again, “But it’s long in the past now. I am happy with my work; and I would be unable to do it if I had the burden of dealing with hormones and heats etcetera. I no longer think or worry about my body, I haven’t done so for years and I like it that way.”
It was then that, for the first time since Mycroft’s arrival, Sherlock moved; he extended his arm jerkily and made an unbalanced lurch toward John. His expression crumbled and he choked, “John, don’t go, please, John!”
“Yes, yes, if you would do something, please, I’m going mad from the ache, Sherlock!”
Lestrade's request for an explanation was aimed at Sherlock who was ignoring him, sitting very still and staring at John with a mixture of puzzlement and intense interest. Lestrade could almost see his head tilted to one side and his ears pricked forward…
Watching Blackburn’s face, one hand on his too-hot forehead and the fingers of his other hand on Blackburn’s wrist, John waited for the injection to begin to take effect. It worked. Within seconds, Blackburn’s pulse steadied and his colour improved. John drew a breath. Blackburn would require vigilant care for the next few hours but at least now he had a chance at survival.
