Steve broke the kiss.
After that Tony whipped the covers off of himself and got up to look for his clothes. Steve watched with growing anxiety with a mix of confused arousal as Tony furiously ripped through his closet, then he walked out in a pair of old track pants and a faded Led Zeppelin t-shirt.
"When are you going to f.. you know, have sex with me?"
"I'm dead serious."
The sound of boots outside broke into his thoughts. He still had no plan but he did open the door a sliver to see what was going on and he went completely pale. There it was, the half scorched suit, and at least five men escorting it, the face plate was missing so Steve could see the blood that covered Tony’s face as his head dangled to the side. He was injured, unconscious and in the hands of the enemy.
When Steve was back he held up a hand full of pennies.
Coulson nodded.
“I was.” He answered, and held Tony’s hand. “And I wasn’t.” Tony now smelled like shame and Steve wanted to give him what he had been asking for but he had to say this first; “The truth is that I find you attractive.”
"Then you know what your options are. I suggest you make up your mind." Steve said.
"Gonna come.. Steve.. Please sir, gonna.. I'm gonna.." He stuttered and Steve's other hand appeared on his cock, magically slick and warm already.
“I didn’t say that! You can’t!” the assistant breathed with utter horror in his eyes.
“I’m sorry to wake you sir. But there might be an emergency.”
Happy frowned, immediately standing up straight.
I've finally seen Civil War! What a movie! I have to say it's in my top 3 MCU films as of this moment. We'd bought our tickets a month back but the reason I saw it so late is that there was a fire in the cinema complex, half way through the film, the first time we attempted to see it! They evacuated the place and firetrucks swarmed it and everything.. So we had to rebook along with the overflow... Terrible luck I suppose but no one got hurt so it's all good.
"Dead serious Tony. I know that you've probably never done any of that before. I'll allow you a period of learning, where geniune mistakes won't be punished. But I want you  to see and accept the benefits of your service."
“Nothing, nothing.” He said. Then looked a little sheepish as he added. “Just.. uhm, nothing. I wanted you to know. There is nothing wrong with it.”
Then in the field Tony had been brutal and effective. He had covered for Steve as Steve had run in, dispatching the defenses of the Syrian facility. Natasha was in bad shape but Clint had been angry, he had made a pretty good impression of the Hulk, only with arrows, as they made their way out.
Then there were hands on the backs of his thighs. He tried to talk again but it only came out as a garbled moan.
“No I haven’t. You sure she said that?”
There was a crackle in the line, then silence. Just as Tony thought the dom might walk into the room the voice came back on.
"Yeah. Alright. I'll sign them." He said, then added, "Until Pepper gets the board to sign Stane's document null."
“Be good. And come to my office for lunch.”
"Yeah so you are ok with the body, you just don't want Steve Rogers as a dom."
"Oh god. Well you asked me to cook! So you might as well eat it!" he said.
Trying to hide his nerves Tony smiled, "Why don't you come over here?"
Rogers hummed. "Maybe talk is putting it a bit loosely. But yes. We will go over how you feel, how I feel. I will deliver any punishment you may have earned. After that, if we have time left we can enjoy eachothers company."
"I'm not here to cater to you Tony. You better make your mind up."
Sure he knew very well what an omega in heat smelled like. Everyone's scent was slightly different. Not all of them as pleasant, but almost all of them arousing to an alpha and even to some betas. Steve still remembered the sour scent of the last heat of an omega man who was dying of cancer. It had been a sad situation. They had tied him down and sedated him. Or the heat of a pregnant lady, nothing more alluring than the healthy scent of a breeding omega. Also, nothing more dangerous as the same scent was prone to make her alpha violent. Then he remembered how dizzy Bucky’s first heat had made him. Almost made his knees buckle when his best friend had finally caught up to Steve in puberty. It had smelled like the sweetest scent, the first time of an already very dear omega.
Tony felt the hand leave his head and felt the strong urge to turn around. It would have felt too much like seeking contact so he kept his head down and seethed as Rogers collected his pile from the table and walked to the door.
Yes. Yes, that was sweet. He snapped his hips again, then again, pulling out further and going back in deeper every time, he started to fuck Tony mercilessly. It was all scents and Tony’s cries now. All arousal and submission and want. The pain he could hear in Tony’s voice was denied in the next second through the omegas moans of pleasure and Steve knew all was right. Everything was right, everything was exactly as they needed to be.
Steve nodded, "I imagine you have to be very fit to fly that thing around."
Then, “Hello?” he said a little uncertainly.
"Yes." The Captain sounded serious. "I've created a bit of a rudimentary obstacle course for you. I'll time you on how fast you complete it. But of course you won't be able to see a thing so you'll have to take directions from me. I'll walk you through it step by step Tony, you'll have to listen very carefully and do what I tell you to do. I'm not putting a time limit on it today. But we 'll be doing this every day this week and I'll expect to see improvement by the end of the week. Do you understand?"
"Punishment Tony. Place your hands on the wall."
Tony felt exposed, known, and somehow.. not in danger. He was still nervous and maybe even afraid. But looking at the shoes, the reality of a dominant that knew him so well was right infront of him, and Tony was on his knees for him, felt... It felt like he could maybe surrender just a little bit. Just inside his own head, for a couple of seconds.
"No swearing. No backtalk, no arguing. If you have a concern you'll talk to me about it respectfully and honestly."
Tony followed him to the car in a daze, and the ride home was silent. Tony couldn't help but reflect on what Rogers had said. Worst case scenario versus best case scenario. It said a lot about Tony's past experiences that how much easier it was to think of what might go wrong, compared to thinking about what might go right. When it came to human interaction, Tony always tended to err on the side of 'people are assholes'. Honestly, Rogers wasn't. He was a sanctimonious prick at times, but he wasn't an asshole and he definitely wasn't a bully. Tony was sure the guy was amazing in bed too, wet dream of all the subs all over the world. Which didn't mean anything when it came to Tony because this was going to wreck any sort of professional relationship they had, or any friendship they might have built.
Steve's hand immediately fisted in his hair, making him face the wall.
"Do you need help obeying Tony?"
"I have no issues submitting, ask any dom that enjoyed a night at the tower."
"Drink this." Steve said and Tony followed orders without hesitation.
"Be silent." was all Steve said.
“Come on.. Stevee..” Tony whined.
As Steve marched him to a small office with a bruising grip, he had been stretched to his ability to hold himself up. Everything seemed to go down hill, he felt like he couldn’t do anything right, he didn’t even know what was right, he needed someone to tell him, like it had happened with the junior agents. He needed Steve to tell him what was right. Who else could he trust? And Steve was angry with him too, he had even managed to piss Steve off finally.
“On the sofa, in the living room sir.”
"Consider this a reward for how well you did yesterday. I won't let you sleep in every day and I won't be cooking breakfast."  The Cap said smiling.
After that Tony started to zone out. The music was actually quite nice and calming. His arms and thighs were getting tired but nothing too concerning as of yet. He was fit, he was rested, he could do this all night if Steve wanted to.
Now, they had a nice routine going. Tony was less likely to snap, or break down just because someone was being rude or aggressive. He was starting to gain confidence in himself as he got used to the people and the environment, started to figure out how things worked and how people perceived him. Steve could also tell it was getting easier for Tony to play the arrogant alpha too. As long as he got to get breaks from it.
Tony nodded, then remembering the order said out loud, "Yes Steve." That didn't sound so bad. Rogers must have thought so because the hand was back in his hair and started to pet Tony's hair.
Steve hummed. His other hand was now traveling over his chest. His eyes cracked open to look down on where Tony was kneeling.
“I don’t think its any of your business Captain.” Pepper bit out. “Not mine either.”
“Yes. I’ve been meaning to ask you.  I understand Dr Banner triggered some sort of panic attack? How much of the memories do you think you’ve recovered?”
“You don’t want to find out.” Steve said, then chuckled at the look Tony gave him. He leaned over to pull Tony into a half hug and kissed the top of his head.
“Bad.” Steve answered simply then ran after the paramedics.
"What? Tony no! I don't want your damn company, why would you even think.."
"All my shirts and trousers that need a wash. Not all of them need ironing but that's exactly what you'll be doing untill dinner." Steve said.
"When is the wedding?" Someone asked.
“It is what you need.” Steve told him, kindly but firmly. “This time if I catch you sneaking around where you shouldn’t, I will spank you Tony.” He added with a quirk of his lips. Of course he was just joking but he hoped Tony understood that he wouldn’t shy away from exerting his authority if Tony deliberately disobeyed him.
Both dread and anticipation filled Steve. This was bad, if Tony was still asking for Steve, even with Pepper around, it meant Tony was really sick, it wasn’t a fluke. On the other hand, he could do something, he could help, he could be there for Tony and Tony wanted him to be there.
Rogers walked up the stairs to open the door and Tony followed him inside, a bit like a lost puppy.
"You're a mean bas-" Tony started and Steve cocked an eyebrow, "basket." Tony ended his sentence and Steve chuckled,
Steve nodded.
“How could they have missed that!?”
He nodded in sympathy, then said,
Just within the span of a day, he'd already started thinking of Steve as his 'dom', even if he still had the occasional weird moment about the whole thing. This was one of those moments but it was much easier to get naked for his dom than it was to get naked for Captain America.
It was mostly finger food, no noodles for them today. And Steve had taken the opportunity to order some vegetables on the side. Steamed and drenched in butter, evet Tony would have to like the broccoli and carrots.
“Where is Tony? Pepper called me with some worrying news, I know I’m late but I came as soon as I could. ” The Colonel said, instead of sitting, he came to a stop at a sort of relaxed parade rest, looking Steve up and down.
“Don’t let him hear that.” Steve chuckled and Pepper shook her head. “Don’t encourage him.”
The reprimand was immediate, even though Tony's feet were silent on the stone floor.
"Don't forget to recycle!" Steve's voice floated from the couch and Tony choked a little bit. This wasn't his job! Usually he left the boxes or dishes or whatever, exactly where he ate, and it either sat there until he got fed up with the smell or the maid came around to clean everything up.
“Uh.. And the last member of the initiative is,” he started but Tony completed his sentence, looking at the papers,
(See the end of the chapter for
But the captain took over the microphone for the first time. Happy and Pepper knew he had just agreed to stand beside Tony to lend him support. They all knew Tony had been much more nervous about the press conference then he let on, on the tv screen. Letting go of the alpha act was hard for him, declaring to the world that he was an omega. And getting married to Captain America on top of that.
"Sure why not. But that's not the point. The point is I'm much less of a mess now than I'd been after Loki. It did help me come to terms with some stuff that fucked me up pretty badly. All I'm saying is give it a chance. You could do a lot worse than Cap there. If I know anything about the guy he'd be trying very hard. He's all good intentions and ridiculous decency. If you're ever gonna trust anyone with your submission why not give it a try with him?"
Pepper interrupted him.
“I am. Yes. But at least in here, I’m in a better position to keep an eye on him.” He said and got up to leave as soon as possible.
“And you’re not?” Coulson looked at him long enough to let Steve know he wasn’t buying it, then turned back to the computer.
He barely noticed Steve pulling away the bottle but he did feel Steve's hand roving over his back and ribs, petting him. He was still talking, telling Tony how good he was to let go for Steve, but Tony didn't even try to untangle individual sentences, he just let it all wash over him.
“Tell me what brought this on?” He asked Tony, “I can smell you’re scared. Tell me why.”
"Ok."
"No." He answered again, petulently.
Steve looked at him very carefully then, his eyebrows knitted for a moment, lips pursed. But then his expression smoothed out.
"Well I feel awkward. And that's saying something."
The sub watched as the  captain swallowed his bite than reached for the salt.
Steve gave a "Hrrm" kind of sound but Tony didn't dwell on it. He just folded his arms on the couch cushions and rested his chin on them.
Still no answer.
“Excuse me maam.” He muttered as he slipped out from under her wandering hand and made his way out the door. Maybe he could still catch Tony and see for himself what was wrong. At least he would rest easier if Tony himself told him to go mind his own business.
"Regular Buster Keaton." Steve commented, while Barton handed the bags over to Tony.
“Why not?” Tony spoke for the first time since they’d started eating.
When Steve moved off the bed, the side of Tony's face was pressed into the bed, allowing him to look around if he wanted to but, Tony didn't feel like it. What did it matter? He was here, he was safe and he was not alone.
"Be quiet."
Steve shrugged. "I had a lot of time on my hands before Fury came to me with the Avengers Initiative. And there is so much food in the future. You guys are spoiled." But he was still smiling, watching Tony enjoy the food.
"Yes. I am.." Tony reached out to put a hand on the glass, and spurts of come hit the pane that seperated the hottest thing Tony had ever seen from him.
Tony nodded again, then said, "Alright."
“Yeah. Yeah I guessed that. But anywhere else? Arms? Legs? Stomach? Ribs?”
It was too much. He wanted Tony too much and Tony needed him too much. Rational thought and his moral objections suddenly seemed far away compared to the feeling of Tony’s submission just under his hand, and Tony’s scent, shifting from ashamed to a combination of content and aroused.
Tony yanked his head out from under Steve's hand this time, feeling insulted. He sat up a couple feet away from the dom.
Tony wondered what his butt looked like but didn't really care very  much. Physical wounds healed.
"It's not about that. It's.. It feels like... It feels like if I'm me, than people will just, not want me."
“You look hungry. Dig in.” He said easily as he grabbed a slice for himself and dropped onto the couch.
During the debriefing, Coulson had been as through and efficient as usual. But unlike usual, he had let Steve get away with evasive answers when he asked about what Steve thought had happened at the border. Shock, Steve said. Head wound, disorientation. Not uncommon amongst the soldiers on the front lines. Then as team leader, he had recommended Coulson give Tony some down time. Coulson had agreed.
"Let me know when it comes in."
No matter how Steve tried, sometimes glimpses of these fantasies wormed their way into their daily life, sitting alone together with Tony in the workshop all day, when Tony gave him a certain kind of look or a shy smile.
"You do realise this is going to make exercising much harder?" he asked.
"You didn't need to fucking spank me. " He hiccuped, feeling the burn on his ass acutely.
“Nope. Sorry. I feel like this was an important guy but..”
I apologise for taking down chapter 14. Thats why you dont post without writing the whole thing *facepalm*. This is embarrasing. It ll be back soon after remodeling and surgery.
Tony didn't notice Steve had grabbed the shower head so it came as a shock when cold water burst from it, not really hitting Tony yet, but flowing around his naked feet as Steve held it directed towards the floor.
Tony shook his head.
“Yes.. Yes please.. ”
"Alright then. You're late to make breakfast today, so I'll throw together some sandwiches while you wash your mouth."
Tony opened his mouth to retort then closed it. His thumbs hooked into the elastic he slowly lowered the shorts until they dropped to around his ankles.
“Hey!” He turned back and jogged the few steps to reach the land rover the medics were trying to pry Tony out of. “Hey! Let him go! It’s alright, let him..” The paramedics did, only for Tony to collapse onto the asphalt. Steve was there the next moment, forgetting about not touching Tony since the other man clearly needed it right now, smelling strongly of fear.
“Who told you-”
"You have amazing potential Tony. All I want is for you to be happy. Please try to think on it on the ride home. What that means for you. What happiness means for you, and what would be the best and worst outcomes you can expect from this arrangement. Be honest with yourself."
“Did you put surveillance on me??”
"Actually no. I wanted you naked. The shirt and the shorts were just for the trip downstairs. Don't want to scandalise Mrs Gernstein." The dom turned around and started wounding the rope around his fist. Steve was wearing one of those painted on white t-shirts and a light grey pair of butt hugging sweatpants. He looked so put together, Tony felt extra awkward with his shorts around his ankles.
“Good.” Was the simplest answer. It was a massive understatement but there was no more accurate word than that to describe Tony’s state at the moment.
Apparently seeing what he wanted to see, the soldier patted Tony's cheek and let it go.
“Chill buddy. I won’t. What’s his deal though? Why did Jenkins almost wet his pants at the name?”
"Are you sure?" Steve's brow was knit, his eyes soft.
“Essentially, yes sir.”
“Just hear me out for a minute. It’s not something Dr Banner enjoys, it’s not exactly a superpower. He has been struggling with it since he had the accident with gamma radiation. It’s actually… much more.. startling… to see it. You were the one who called him a big green rage monster that one time. You weren’t being mean but it’s not something Dr Banner appreciates being called. Tony, he needs to keep his emotional state at check constantly. If he gets angry… It takes an enormous amount of effort to control his condition. Before I show you the video, I want you to know that he struggled long and hard to learn to control it and that he can control it.”
Silence. Tony considered just using his safeword. Was it worth this shame? The Avengers, the team? If he safeworded he could just rest his arms, put an icepack on his back, first pee then jack off as much as he wanted. He would go home and pour himself a drink.
Steve kept driving as long as he could, getting as far away as he could, all the while wanting nothing more than to stop, strip Tony of the armor and see. See how hurt Tony really was in that thing. They had all gone through a little briefing in which Tony had reluctantly explained various aspects of the suit, since they were a team and they needed to know how the other members operated. He hadn’t explained much, claiming that Jarvis was too effective and simply smarter then all of them combined so if he had trouble with the suit and needed help, he was covered, thanks. But now Jarvis was dormant, or off, or doing whatever the hell AI’s did when they were being useless. Yet Steve knew enough of the suit that if Jarvis was online he could scan Tony for damages. He didn’t know enough to repair it.
“Who do you think?”
"You deserve a sub that's much younger, maybe someone that hasn't gone around the block as many times as I have, someone sweet, less sassy. Prettier would be difficult I give you that.." he hurried, trying to lighten his words, "I think you deserve someone... more like you."
There was a deep sigh behind him.
“I can’t!” Pepper almost shouted in response. “No one can know! Ok? No one! Not the doctors, not SHIELD! Not even you!”
"Because I'm not going to fuck you over the spreader, you're clearly nervous about not having control over the situation and this whole thing is about trying to take back control. Not going to happen. Now come here before I come and get you."
Tony slumped against him, his hand coming up to tangle in Steve’s shirt. Steve didn’t stop him when Tony once more pressed his face into Steve’s chest. He sat there and let Tony draw comfort from him. As much as he needed. In the end it was Tony who spoke first while Steve was seriously considering what he needed to do, what his next step should be. Maybe Tony really would be better off working with his gadgets at home until his memories started to come back.
When Tony opened his eyes again it was light outside and Steve was instantly alert. He had fallen asleep curled around the omega but woken up several times to Tony’s shivering until Tony’s body temperature had reached normal levels. Now that the omega was awake, so was Steve and to the alphas surprise, the moment Steve’s eyes opened Tony jerked away from him, frantically trying to rid himself of the tangle of Steve’s limbs and the covers. Steve quietly let him go. Tony stopped before he fell off the bed with some distance between them and pulled the covers up to his chest.
“I hear you’ve learned about Tony’s orientation?” The colonel  asked, choosing not to ask Steve why he would feel the need to spend the night. Steve both felt relieved and disappointed. He would have loved to tell the colonel that it was because he would be acting as Tony’s alpha from now on, until such time asTony’s memories returned. But also he knew it would be Tony’s decision if he wanted to tell the others about their arrangement or not.
“Because.” Steve said. They’d had this conversation before, about Tony not really liking Steve, about how Tony might regret even kneeling to him once his memories returned. Steve didn’t feel like going over it again with a hard on.
"Already moved onto work, have we." He stood up from the bench where he'd been lifting weights and toweled his face and neck. Tony couldn't help but track a drop of sweat as it disappeared under the neck of Steve's shirt.
And this time it didn't occur to Tony to be bothered by having to ask permission to use some pen and paper. It just felt nice.
Steve was standing close enough now that Tony had to look up a bit. His smile turned predatory.
Steve’s hand holding the phone went a bit slack at that.
“Actually, not completely done yet. ” he grimaced a little, not really wanting to ask the next question but it could be something important. Pepper raised an impatient eyebrow.
"Tony?" Steve asked, now sounding slightly worried. Gentle. Whichever way Tony decided Steve would make it happen.
"You set me up you asshole! Tricked me, lied to me and humiliated me! Are you just gonna sit there?"
And the dom was half hard. He clearly meant to show off and the sub thought he had every reason to. Tony was a bit of a size queen, about everything, honestly, but Steve wasn't just well hung. His cock was both thick, long and looked heavy but it was also beautiful in a sense. Surrounded by short, very dark blond hair at the base, and supporting perfect balls. Tony thought, 'So this is what peak of human perfection is'.
"You're not. Not for a whole week."
Most of what he remembered about Steve was disjointed impressions and feelings. All of them positive. He remembered that Steve had his back, he didn’t remember exactly how he had gotten that idea. He remembered that Steve smelled nice, he didn’t remember when he had found that out. He had images of Steve smiling, looking too handsome to be real, in various settings but the background and context was always out of focus. Mostly he remembered that he could trust Steve, that Steve cared about him, that he was a good man, kind and compassionate with the ability to break the bad guys in half with his bare hands. In summary, he remembered Steve as the perfect alpha. The rest wasn’t all there.
It told Steve a lot about what Pepper felt about the situation, just to hear her use the f word.
“No I didn’t. You’re lucky to have him as a friend. He’s an amazing guy.” Steve said neutrally. “Unfortunately, a short while after I learned, Tony got hit in Syria. He doesn’t remember you now.”
"I get it, you're bored." Tony had no idea yet, how he'd come to fear these words. Steve poured a glass of water then grabbed Tony around the elbow and hauled him to his feet. "It's time for your punishment."
It was just a couple of minutes before Steve stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist. Tony just remained on his knees, looking up at his dom, feeling kind of lost.
“Yes, sir.”
“Jarvis?” He spoke up, still not sure where to look while addressing the AI.
Tony was nodding along then he turned to Steve.
The story they told him about Obadiah Stane had chilled him to his bones. He could understand what sort of terrible predicament his other self had found himself in and he was maybe a little glad he didn’t remember everything that happened. Still, he couldn’t even begin to imagine hiding himself for so long. Suppressing all the warm and fuzzy feeling he got around Steve.
"Why are you taking this so personally? I am trying to do you a favor here!" Tony yelled in frustration.
"No." he said, aiming for firm but managing unsure.
There was a pause in which Tony defiantly pressed his lips together, then a second hit landed making him yell out.
“Oh Tony.. He must have been scared.. ” Pepper answered, sounding equally anxious.
"I want you to empty your pockets and kneel on the floor. Keep your eyes down. I'll come in and put my collar on you. I want you to keep looking at your own knees until I give you permission to look up. Do you understand me? Answer yes or no."
Suddenly Steve understood what Tony was doing. Tony was both gathering information by making the junior agents talk about the organization and their missions, and he was flirting with anything that wasn’t an alpha. Living up to his reputation all the while he was sneaking peeks at what Steve and Pepper wouldn’t tell him.
One of the pilots, Barton, opened the door, stuck his head in. "Lang, Stark, pack your garbage. You passed the test, you're moving." That was all he said before he slammed the door shut behind him. Tony knew Barton in passing, but that was only natural. After the battle and the jump, there were only 5 pilots left on active duty; and Tony's work had him spend almost all his time around the landing bay. Tony had watched them all, as they put their helmets on, as they entered their vipers. He'd listened to the hum of the engines and envied them so profusely he could feel the vibrations of that envy in his whole body. Not parties, not comfort, not even his work; no, what he missed the most about his old life was flying. Flying anything, any kind of craft, anywhere, testing or racing or just taking risks for the hell of it. When all was said and done, flying was his life.
What Steve says is: "If you actually want me here, I don't give a shit about the West Coast." His voice is unexpectedly fierce. And then: "Do you? Want me here."
He realized too late  his own reaction was blown way out of proportion. He was planting his feet firmly on the floor, as if readying for an oncoming attack, squaring his shoulders, his stance sending a clear message: He wasn't going to be removed from this kitchen, he was going to defend this kitchen to the last man. And then he understood. It wasn't just about Tony. It was an instinctive reaction to the idea of lying down, because lying down meant vulnerability, and because immobility meant danger, and because sleep meant death. Death, darkness, cold. Being trapped. He didn't think he was going to go to sleep ever again. And even though, as if from a distance, Steve could tell this was irrational, there was jack shit he could do about it right then.
Tony: And Steve, I'm not proud of my actions either. You probably figured that out by now, you're smart. But I didn't want to kill anyone. Or, maybe at that moment... I don't know, I honestly don't, but if I had... I wouldn't have been able to deal with that. You know that too, don't you. And to fight with you over it, half to death, Christ, it's stuff of nightmares. Literally.
, and sing along, and it seemed his foot never stopped tapping to the rhythm. His musical tastes swerved wildly between cool and utterly ridiculous; Tony kind of enjoyed that too. And the man
"Just
Tony: It's beginning to sound like the best idea right now.
Steve seemed to sense something, because he silently turned to Tony.
Tony: Yes, dear?
"Stark, what are you doing?" Carol's voice, but Tony couldn't afford to turn his head, because he could feel the moment come together, he could feel the finger of fate extend itself and
And then, all of a sudden, Steve's murmur is coming from way closer, right by Tony's right ear. It's so close, in fact, that Tony can feel hot breath on his skin. "I... I
you right now? What just
Jacobson almost laughed. It looked weird on him." Everyone causes trouble," he said. He suddenly looked infinitely exasperated – with life, with the military, with himself, with the war and Cylons and the Red Line and all of creation. It was the most reaction Steve has ever gotten out of him. "But unlike some of the others, he was useful enough." He said it as if 'useful' was the best compliment a man could give another man.
Coordinates? Oh yes, Happy would actually try and follow him over here – which was his job and all, given, but Tony wasn't a teenager trying to sneak away from his bodyguard. He was a grown ass adult, who responsibly, after a lot of thought, decided to sneak away from his bodyguard.
do you want from me, in all this?
Tony: I didn't mean to be so harsh.
"Thanks?"
He could have lived without seeing that one again. No, seriously.
Tony: I'd been doing this shit for 15 years and I'm sick of it. And I have other things to worry about. But I do know what I'm doing. And you just... you don't have to assume I'd just be toying with things like that. Because WHEN have I done anything like that?
Her eyes went softer. "I was surprised because it's
"Yeah," Tony replied. "Mostly."
All of Steve's nerves sang in tune with it. He was permeated by a super-awareness of every inch where their bodies touched. He could barely stop his thumb from drawing frantic little circles on Tony's waist, where he pretended to hold him up.
It was later, and Steve could see shapes.
Tony had never steered a craft outside of a planet's atmosphere. He was
Tony: Give me one good reason to continue talking to you.
"Why not?"
Tony: Crashing into each other. Like atoms.
, Tony mused. He had no idea what that feeling
, he had to stop, this had to stop.
Tony: But the gov hackers ain't worth shit.
"That was probably triage," Tony said sharply, coming over. More sharply than he intended, as a matter of fact, but he was now close enough to see Steve's eyes, rimmed with red. After a fire, that wasn't such a great sign. Just like the hoarseness, it meant the protective helmet had failed to do its job properly. The fact made Tony strangely pissed. "Triage," he repeated in a tad softer voice, because he wasn't pissed at
I landed in Central Park. I changed into civvies in the bushes and put on a pair of sunglasses. I scanned the area and I spotted him at once. On a bench, laid back, hiding behind his shades, a phone forgotten in his hand. Before my mind could process this fully, my eyes were already boring into him, drinking him in, cataloguing, storing the sight for later. The way his head was tilted backwards, the line of his chin. I was inhaling his face, to keep forever in my heart. I knew this couldn't last. I knew I'd been granted one last look, one last chance to gaze at him, and yes, this was how I wanted to remember him forever: sunbathing in Central Park, gloriously alive. I expected to be snatched back to my own timeline any second.
Tony: You asshole
yadda yadda yadda. All this, surmising Steve was of a certain value to the captors; they obviously had some intentions regarding him.
Tony: Er... I don't want to?
Steve leaned over and planted a slow, soft, immensely tender kiss upon Tony’s forehead. It lasted a lifetime. “Me too,” he said, as if the kiss hadn’t spoken clearly enough (you don’t kiss people on the forehead that way unless you love them, Tony mused). “And oh, I missed you so much, I missed you so
“Not this fast.” It’d been only a few hours. The effects should last for at least 10 or 12. And yet, Tony couldn’t help but remember the one time he’d taken it before, when he’d crashed pretty badly afterwards. He was pretty sure Steve remembered that too. But that was an older generation of the substance, it’d been improved significantly since. Still: “The moment I feel anything weird, I’ll let you know, okay? I won’t act tough, Cap. I’ll let you bridal-carry me to the nearest patrol station if I have to.” He shot Steve a grin. ”I might even enjoy it.”
Tony: But not really.
was friends with benefits. I was... in love with him."
"Did you sprain the ankle? How long ago was that?"
"God, I
Well.
"Crap. How bad?"
Tony shrugged again. "I'll just run over to the diner. I won't freeze to death. It's
"Probably."
Tony: Are you going MIA on me?
What he hadn't expected was a laugh – bitter and abrupt. And short. Steve's first reaction was to retreat momentarily into his shell. Still, Tony shot him a rueful and almost apologetic look, and Steve relaxed a bit. (Tony should spend more time looking at the road, though, and less at Steve.)
Tony: So are you still going on that date? It's tonight, right?
Steve's hand on his arm. Too insistent, too tight for a social occasion. Someone might look at Steve's face, then see how white his knuckles were, digging into Tony's sleeve; someone could connect the dots. (His knuckles, white not because he held on so fast, but because it took everything he had
Tony: Well,  fuck. No. Not really.
Tony: No, screw that, you ARE right.
He finds Tony on the gallery overlooking what is probably a cargo bay. He's watching little Peter and Thor, who are doing some soccer drills, of all things (Wherever did they get a ball?).
Tony: Barnes.
he must be insane.
With ridiculously little success, he tugs at Steve's arm, trying to get him to a safer position, trying to interpose himself between Steve and the bullets. "Get behind me," Tony hisses in frustration.
naked. He's handcuffed himself to the head-post with the specially fortified handcuffs Tony had sent him, along with the instructions.
"And you could have loved it in different circumstances, too" Tony went on, full of defiance and unsure at what the defiance was directed. At the years of sweeping all this under the rug, he supposed. "You could feel the potential, you could imagine how great the holidays could be, if only
"Sorry."
"I wasn't going to."
"Yeah. Grant? Buchanan? What did you pick?"
And now this bullshit. He didn’t mean it, not like that, not like what Steve heard. And anything Tony could say now would make things worse, it would ring untrue, like an excuse, like a poor way out, like a
parties, my man."
And, instead of planning how to make this pass as smoothly as possible, what Tony thought instead was:
, and hated himself for it. And what
– just to tell him no, apparently; to flush the hope out just so he could squish it more thoroughly.
"Look," Tony interrupted. "Can we skip the apologies and such? We've both said our pieces. Let's say we're done with that. I don't have the stomach. I'll meet up with you, and we'll talk. Since you sounded so fucking sad. Look, I want to see you too. I do. But, honestly, I'm not sure anything good will come out of this."
Tony: What does that tell us, then? Hm?
Tony: I walked right into this one, didn't I?
Tony: Well, I worry.
“Tony, I’m...” A violent shiver. “I’m
This was different.
"You could have invited me."
Tony glanced up from his StarkPad. “Oh. Yeah.”
Tony: Steve?
Steve met his eyes over the plate stuffed with assorted snacks that were supposed to appeal to a three year old. Yesterday Tony would have sworn he cared jack shit about what Steve thought about his personal life, but now he had to admit it wasn't quite the case. He'd always cared about Steve's opinions. Too much so, Pepper had said  on a few occasions.
It seared inside Tony. Sometimes fire burns so hotly it tricks your nerves into believing it's ice-cold. That's right before the skin starts to melt.
"Well, then," the kid said, without showing any intent to get up, "we can play triad for the bed the minute he gets out."
Which... was the truth. And there wasn't much time for arguments, anyway. "Oh, for fuck's sake,
A pause on the other side. And then: "
Steve's hand brushed against Tony's waist, then – Tony swallowed hard – and the thumb sneaked its way under his tee. It stroked the skin of his midriff, ever so slowly.
"You aren't going to rest for a while? In the camp, there are..." Steve began.
Tony was curled up next to Steve, his head pillowed on his own arm. They weren't avoiding touch, but they weren't cuddling either. Which was... unfortunate, having in mind that Steve wanted to take Tony into his arms, to cradle him and keep him to himself and never let him go. Steve also wanted to be able to say something to him, anything apart from
"Er, yeah," Tony managed. He still wasn't moving. Neither was Steve. Moving would mean acknowledging they had cuddled together in the night, that Tony was spooning him right now, and the admission would be utterly unbearable. Also, it felt too good by far. He was almost tempted to  just close his eyes for another five minutes before he faced another day. Still, he couldn't stay like this for all eternity. Very carefully, he removed his arm from around Steve's body. "I must have turned  around in the night," he said, trying for offhandedness and probably failing miserably.
to be the real villain.
Tony rolled his eyes. "In Hallmark romances maybe."
Except for Tony. Because, everything began and ended with him, and him Steve missed always, and he couldn't tear his gaze away.
"Are you sure you should go on?" he asked, not wanting to push further, but unable to keep silent on this. "It's late. I can help you find a place to stay." It probably came out wrong, but he could hardly mess up more than he already did.
Tony: Night, Steve.
Biting his lip, shuddering, he tried to concentrate on the task at hand. Tony will – hell, he'll have to get Steve dressed in something dry and warm, the blanket wasn't good enough, but he had to peel Steve's pants off first, somehow.
He raises his eyes for a moment, then silently shakes his head. "For Siberia."
Steve wasn't ready for this, wasn't ready to have this end so abruptly. (He knew it would, he knew he should have been prepared, but he wasn't. Could he ever be?)
Steve sighed, got up, made a few steps in her direction. She was now standing at the door as if she could disappear at any moment and he'd better hurry if he wanted to get anything out of her. He compressed his lips in pure self-irritation. Why was talking so difficult? Even with Natasha? He'd known Natasha since he was 19, so almost 14 years now. They'd been close since they first set their foot into the Academy.
Steve didn't say
Tony: I kinda like bitter, though.
Tony realized he'd trailed off mid-sentence. As he watched Steve's face slowly start to fall, he recognized Steve was expecting to hear something different and not 'wonderful' at all. After all, the last time Tony had let himself act as a judge of Steve's character was when he was yelling at him at the Compound right after he'd come back from space. So many things, festering between them. Could they clean it all up? If they really wanted, if they actually tried? Tony believed there was nothing the two of them couldn't do; but then again – infatuation.
Tony: I want to know.
Tony swallows.
They all needed rest, for sure; but as they had found out long ago, it was always better to unwind an hour or two after the battle, calm the nerves first, let the muscles slowly slip into languidness. They were safely back in their camp now, dry and fed and warm in the bosom of their army. And, in Steve's case, forced into some bandages for good measure. They were going about their usual duties – in order to confirm to themselves everything was back to normal, if nothing else; everyone was alive, Steve was back, they could breathe now.
"I... I know. But how do you...?"
It sounded so deceptively easy and doable when someone else said it, didn't it?
Tony just rests the side of his head against Steve's and sighs. "I know," he says. "But shut up for now. Watch the game. It's over. We're going home."
, Steve thought, unexpectedly dumbstruck by the sight of the big brown eyes. "You knew it was me, of course," Tony stated wryly.
"Because of Morgan," Steve replied. "And because you were together for so long. For more than ten years."
Tony: Hey, as long as you own up.
"Jesus Christ, Tony, you are not supposed to
you don't care, and on the inside forget forget
he had admit to himself. Despite his claims of tardiness, Stark always showed up early for the classes he taught. Steve had spotted him before. He never brought any notes with him, and Steve wondered if he were preparing for the lecture in some way or what. Maybe it was curiosity. Or maybe he just wanted to see Tony alone for a second. Which was... unacceptable.
into Tony's. Tony's breath was coming in short gasps and blood was beating in his ears.
loved you. Back then, he and I were the same person. And when our timelines diverged... He and I are still enough of the same person for me to know, by all these" – I indicated the drawings – "that he never stopped loving you."
, he thought with some bitterness.
"T-Tony?" he asked around a huge yawn, and the sleepiness in his voice made Tony feel simultaneously guilty and pleased, because Steve answered his call. "Tony? Is something wrong?" Steve sounded wide awake and concerned now.
Tony decided to ignore this. "How are you feeling?" he repeated for the third time, more gently. "Steve. Please."
Tony finished his speech with some glib and a little off beat joke, as was expected of him. And of course the reporters looked properly scandalized as was expected of them. Pepper smiled and blushed in the most charming way, Tony gently led her away from the army of reporters, looking satisfied.
At that, the guy looked a little surprised, then calmly proceeded to place his glasses on the bridge of his nose and start taking out his notes.
“I want you to understand.” Steve said. “Look you don’t have to talk to me about.. whatever you think is none of my business, I don’t mean to meddle in your personal life but-”
"You were right that time. The first day of my heat."
"Kneel." Tony blinked at him, opening his mouth to retort but Rogers only raised his voice without yelling. "I said /kneel/ Tony!"
Soon after the cream the bed dipped and Steve's large body settled next to him, radiating heat. Tony cracked an eye open to see that the dom was naked from waist up. Curious piece of information to find out about the Captain's sleeping habits. Then the covers were pulled over him and Tony fell asleep.
When he came to, the ropes were gone and Steve was cuddled up to him on the bed. He was still naked and slick between his cheeks but a thin sheet was covering him. There were fingers carting through his hair and some semblance of reality started to leak into Tony's world.
Tony had been such a champ. Even when Steve had warned him about speaking carefully to the junior agents. Steve had still missed how scary his first day back could be. Tony had fooled him again.
"Tony, come back here. If you make me say it one more time I'll have to punish you. Neither of us want that at this point."
“How are you feeling?” Was the first thing Steve said.
Then Steve started to place a penny under each finger, making Tony hold the pennies against the wall by each finger.
"For your rude language in the bathroom."
"I bet you want to come tonight. You've been so good after all. I am happy with you."
“Wha..?” the genius jerked half awake and grabbed Steve all the more firmly to avoid falling off the couch.
"And," he started, pressing himself back into Steve, "I didn't miss the fact that you're actually wearing your service uniform." He swayed a little just so he could rub up on the alpha and with a slight flush rising  to his cheeks Steve held him in place to stop the rubbing.
“We need to tell him.” Steve said. Give Tony an explanation. Something.
"Hold these."
"I didn't know we were expecting Pepper." Tony commented, then when Steve kept looking at him he said,
“It’s about his memory loss.” He clarified. “I asked Director Fury to let him spend his time in SHIELD HQ because I thought the familiar environment might jog his memory. I know it’s not ideal but he needed to get out of the house and going into work at Stark Industries would have been riskier. At least here, if the news of Tony’s amnesia leeks out, we can do some damage control. At SI, it could mean anything from dropping stock prices to board of directors trying to push Tony out of company management.” And not only because of the memory loss, if Tony ever slipped. Of course he couldn’t tell Coulson that.
Steve took a step back, not because he was intimidated by the colonel but mostly because he felt the colonel had a right to be so pissed at him.
"Steve.. You are young-" Tony started and saw the frown coming a mile away, "and you are...nice. You are very nice." Tony floundered to find a way of telling Steve that he was too innocent, too pure for the likes of Tony. He didn't want Steve to get defensive on his behalf right now, but he did want to make a truthful point.
"Yeah? and if I wanted you to do all the work?"
"I could do that right now, if you took me home. " He said then kissed Steve under his jaw.
“Awesome personality huh.” Steve grinned and lowered himself back on Tony until he was pushing the genius firmly into the bed. “Hottest alpha? Toppiest? I wish I had that on record.”
Steve cut off his babbling short, “Alright. Fine. Let’s find Tony first then he can explain his condition to me himself.”
"Mr Stark," the disembodied voice adressed him in a very polite and business like tone, "Welcome. I know this is a bit unusual and you are anxious to meet your dominant but this arrangement was requested by him as a prerequisite. If you don't mind, he wishes to ask you a few questions before the meeting and collaring."
"I told you you looked pretty."
"I'm so pleased with you. Very obedient, eager to please. You just needed a tough hand, didn't you? Someone to appreciate your effort. I do."
"Settle in. You have ten minutes. After that I want you to come to the living room, completely  naked."
Not so today.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’d know. It wasn’t anything like that. You’ve never.. shown any interest in him. Other than professional.” Then she paused for a moment, a small smile appearing on the corner of her mouth.
Finally Tony’s cool facade snapped,
"But I have projects I need to get back to."
“Holy shit.. ”
Tony took a couple of distrusting steps and as soon as he was within reach of Steve's arm he felt his world tip over and found himself looking up close at the kitchen floor. He had the shortest second to feel the cool morning air on his butt when his pyjama bottoms were yanked down, then it was firey hits raining down.
Thank you all for your patience. Here's a longish chapter after a bit of wait. And I'm sad to say I won't be able to post a chapter a week as I've tried to do previously. I knew I wouldn't be able to stick to the schedule as real life intrudes. I don't plan to abandon this because it's my happy place but it looks like it's gonna get harder and harder for me to get there for a while. I hope you'll all enjoy a little guest appearance.
Tony felt the praise slide off him, patronizing, annoying and embarrasing. But he ignored the feeling, instead getting up, removing his phone, wallet and keys along with a protoype for a small detector, an L key, a few loose screws and a pack of gum.
He stopped. Tony kept trying to pull him closer, his nails digging into Steve’s skin in his frustration but unless Steve moved, he had no hope of budging the alpha.
"He is missing? Is this how you take care of your omega Rogers? From where I'm standing it sure as hell looks like he ran away from you!" Rhodes stabbed a finger on Steve's chest.
"What??? You asked me to say all that stuff."
Steve didn't even acknowledge the garbled protest. A second later, something plastic and round was forced into his palm and Tony instinctively squeezed it, making a squeaking sound.
He sighed and slumped leaning on the door way, head down.
Steve found him sitting bare ass on the kitchen floor sorting through trash.
"You look beautiful like this." Rogers said, then shoes were in Tony's line of sight as he stepped toward the couch and sat. Tony smelled food. "And obedient. I appreciate it. You can look up now. I ordered Chinese for tonight."
“Well, it’s all very interesting. Tony, can I talk to you for a moment?”
“I guess they left the whole lab to me.” He said with a smile, but it seemed a very sad one to Tony.
"I. You don't have to do this. I'll go to my room. This wasn't in the arrangement. You don't have to-"
Tony gave me an unimpressed look. A bit too unimpressed, as if he needed to compensate for his moment of vulnerability. "Right. I think your breakfast needs you, by the way."
that isn't," Steve retorts, and it's true – it's unprotected, and Tony's head
"Come again?"
A pause, then, in which he considered how he'd been a lot of a jerk a lot of the time, mostly because he didn't like how happy he was to see Steve. He wanted to say something... well, if not nice, then at least a bit apologetic? No, no, that wouldn't work, not really. He'd have to know how to do something like that, first. Something funny, then? That tended to backfire, when Steve was involved. Probably because Tony couldn't resist poking fun at him instead. But talking to Steve felt so good, so comforting. Just the exchange of nonsensical sentences was a fragile chord that connected them, in the dark. In the end, all he said was, "Ah, Cap...", having no idea how to go on.
" Tony's voice was becoming more urgent with every word. Then: "Sprinklers or purifiers?"
man." Twice.
Things he'd taken with him to NYC: well, apparently his feelings. Evident every time he closed his eyes, evident every time he avoided to. Evident when he got out on the street and
Also, he couldn't believe he'd blithely left the suitcase with the armor in the car without a second thought.
Still, Tony was always there, somehow , whenever Steve looked up. Steve had a hard time not staring at him. What he'd found interesting at first was his, well, arrogance. The way he moved as if he owned the battleship and everyone around was an employee. And Steve
I turned away, again, to beat it, to disappear, to pretend I'd never been there in tine first place.
Maybe that would break the spell.
Tony: Did it break yours?
Tony filled all his thoughts, like a red hot haze with a strange undercurrent of steady affection. Tony's warmth, his closeness, his lips, his face, more animated now than when he was talking to anyone else... Or was it Steve deceiving himself? He was, he had to be...
At the same time he was saying "Steve, how
It took Tony a few seconds to respond. When he did, his voice was hoarse. "I've never believed in 'too late', you know. I believe in leaving shit behind you and moving forward. So if you'd be interested in that, ah, maybe we could try to figure this thing out." He paused. "Together."
This was going to work. We were gong to make it work.
The raccoon he can't exactly wrap his head around yet. "Do I shake your paw or do I pet you?" Tony asks.
If not for civilwarbrokemyheart, I would've had no idea what apple jacks are in Russia :)
I know, you crazy son of a bitch." And there is a bit of laughter in his voice, as well as traces of unshed tears. Then he leans down and kisses Steve on the cheek, lightly.
"I saw Van Dyne and Darryl, Gale and Dale, Dave and Jim. Jim's hurt."
about the weather!) and located Bucky beause, he figured, Bucky wouldn't pester him about anything. Well, tough luck.
Stark's inappropriate quip was above all silly, and the man was clearly drunk. Steve was mildly annoyed, but that, at least he knew how to deal with. He put his 'captain' face on. Stark had even looked somewhat chastised at the end of the conversation.
Tony: You do realize I do not particularly enjoy talking to you, don't you?
"You asked
Steve matched him glare for glare as he went by, but apparently decided he'd deal with Tony's insubordination later. "Let's go," he cut off sharply and took off, taking the lead in two easy strides. Tony hurried after him, half seething and half wondering how in the name of hell this escalated so quickly. It was all particularly depressing because he
“Worried about me?” Tony said in slightly subdued tones. “Gee, what a villain you are. I don’t know how I put up with you.”
there..."
Tony: Jesus.
Tony: And, trust me on my word, succinct does not always equal good.
"But I
Tony: Me too. I think.
Steve's right nipple is soft and practically untouched. It feels somehow lonely. Hungry for contact. His left one, on the other hand, is still throbbing, still full of blood; it's achy, but it burns for
Tony smirked. "So, a bit like me, basically."
Again, Steve shook his head.
At the same time: "Captain Rogers was very brave," someone stated by Tony's elbow just as Steve let out an amused snort. Irritated, Tony turned to see Justin Hammer, appearing out of nowhere and insinuating himself into his personal space. Capital.
Tony had come to the same conclusion himself. Frantically, he carried Steve to the couch, gently laid him down, propped his feet up with a bunch of pillows and blankets to stop the blood pressure from dropping further. But no –
, and then I let all the rest of the thoughts sink into a perfect, cottony fog of pleasure.
(Tony wasn't so good at responding to such, anyway. Steve suspected his reply would have been something on the lines of 'if you behave, I might even let you'. Even at their best days, Steve could never figure out if he was actually joking or not.)
"Tony," he said as he was running.
"Yes, we're the talk of the town," he deadpanned in response. "It's very scandalous."
him for years. Of course nothing ever happened, but not thinking about
“Yes?”
Tony: I figured, Steve.
And not all of them were comfy, sentimental, artsy-fartsy, lovey-dovey, full of longing and regret. There was this one – a recurring one – in which (and Tony could barely wrap his thoughts around it) Steve slept and dreamt
"Does it really..." Steve began to protest. Reconsidered apparently, because he sighed and gave in. "They injected me with something," Seemingly unconsciously, he touched a hand to his chest, then let it fall.
“Are you kidding?”, Tony said. “Never better.”
"Cap, mind the piss!" Tony called after him over the frog in his throat, but Steve was already jumping over a puddle, and his back disappeared into a side corridor.
"God, this is embarrassing," Tony muttered half-heartedly, but it wasn't important,
"Ah..." Steve sounded taken aback, but not in a bad way. "I... that's just a hobby."
He took out a small bottle of water. Without interrupting him, he placed it on the lectern, and, not looking at him, went back and sat down. When he finally met Stark's eyes, the man was looking at him with a slight frown on his face, as if puzzling over something. He snapped out of it at once, but Steve saw.
Tony: Of course you had to be the more mature one about it, eh.
Tony heard a note of stubbornness in Steve’s voice: “Yes, but this way I get to win. I get to go out and ski and do what I want. I’m not letting the cold defeat me.”
"Oh." The man sounded pleasantly surprised. "Oh, all right, then, I could use a lift. Thank you"
. It was too long and too steep; in the U.S it would have been classified as a double black diamond. The only reason... well, the only reason he’d brought them here was that Steve was with him, and Tony was overtaken by a hot impulse to see him lose some of that perfect control. Not to see him falter or fall. Tony’d never want that, and besides, he suspected Steve could rock this slope no problem. No, what Tony wanted was to see him let go, just for a crazy instant, hear him whoop wildly into the wind, just once; just that.
Tony: I can't sleep, ffs. As if you don't know me.
Don't get cocky and don't try to charm him, Tony thought to himself later that evening. Oh, good
to get there first," Tony added.
one who sat down in the snow,” Steve shot back. That glint again, a blink-and-miss-it moment of insolence in his eyes, amidst all the tension. It disappeared almost before Tony could spot it.
He thought it must be some kind of a natural anesthetic for the mind. He should look into it, it'd be interesting, on a purely scientific level. When the hurt was too much, when
"Guerrilla warfare?"
The hurt was mitigated by the fact that he himself had done exactly the same thing to Steve, and also by the fact that he was standing there in Steve's jacket. Steve's jacket that Steve had given him, Steve's jacket that smelled of Steve. It made Tony's head spin a little.
gauntlet, actually, an Iron Man gauntlet with the infinity stones." He didn't look surprised, he just nodded, so I figured he knew about the thing. "You snapped Thanos and his army out of existence." The pain at the memory was still sharp, and I welcomed it. It was there so I didn't forget what my Tony did for us all and how he went. Not that I could ever forget, but I was already afraid it would be so easy to lose myself in this new timeline, this new Tony; the pain would die down, and that couldn't be allowed to happen. That would be the ultimate betrayal.
Natasha could sympathize. Steve and – somewhat surprisingly – Tony had turned out to be the glue of their family. Steve had given them a home, food to eat, a place to be themselves freely, without the restraints of society. But Tony had
Tony was surprised at the hurt that stirred in his guts. He thought he was done with that. He thought he had immunized himself against hurt, as far as Steve was concerned. Still, it left an ugly burning in its wake.
"Where's your jacket?" Steve asked, looking around the car.
Tony pondered how to react to this, decided to go with poker-faced. “What was?” Well, maybe putting his shades back on right then was a tad dramatic.
Tony: You okay back there?
A pang of pity in Tony's chest caught him by surprise. It was hardly possible for him to really understand Steve's feeling of displacement in the 21st century. It was there, he knew, but he could never penetrate the outer membrane of it. But now, here, where the past was almost alive...
Because, it means everything to him that they can now joke around with each other. Even though not everything that needed healing is yet healed, even though a lot of talking has yet to be done, there is a fundamental understanding between them, or at least a fundament for a fundamental understanding, so to say; and they both know that, whatever else may be true, they mean the world to each other.
Tony: Yeah, I know.
"Yeah," I say. I want to turn and look at her, but then she's flinging herself into my arms. She feels bonier, but I'd know that hug anywhere.
Steve straightened up. “You’re the one who should be wrapped in blankets!” he stated, and – to Tony’s feeble, unvoiced protest – started to take them off, only to reflexively pull them back around himself as a new shudder shook him. It was too much for Tony. In an instant he was next to Steve, wrapping both arms around him – around his solid back, and around his knees, hugged so tightly to his chest; and he let his forehead sink against Steve’s shoulder. He had no strength left in his limbs, but he held on.
"Steve, that wasn't..." Tony began, for all the world as if he was defending himself. Then he got a grip, stopped. Frowned for a moment, as if he was considering something nebulous. And then, abruptly, a new understanding flooded his face. "You complete
"No," Steve said regretfully. "Still not possible."
Steve might try to say, faltering at the last word, as if admitting it happened makes it more real
they hadn’t let go of each other. But now, as the thought crossed his mind in a bout of panic, Tony wriggled his hand free and pretended to adjust his glove. The panic itself had been way too exciting.
as a shield instead?"
"You have untapped, devious depths, Rogers," Tony commented.
Tony: This thing that I'm doing right now – what does it look like?
Tony: But I do think there is no such thing as magic. Just the tech we cannot comprehend yet. So yeah, a high-tech trick might be the right definition.
"And yes, we did, I think, and we still do. Just not in the right way. Maybe not in the right time, either. I don't know."
Tony: Cool.
Tony huffed. "No. Okay, yes. Of Morgan! She's just turned three. If this dude charms her, I'm going to throw him into the lake and not feel sorry for a second."
Tony did care about the question of the multiverse, he did. Honest word, all that crap. But all he could think of right now was the light touch around his waist, and the warmth of Steve's body on the left side of him, searing his hip and side and arm. He turned around a little bit more (a little bit closer! every inch counted); Steve made as if to let go, probably thinking Tony was trying to untangle himself from him.
Steve, over the years. And missed. And missed. He'd missed him so much that it had actually turned to resentment and bitterness that he hadn't thought there was coming back from. But now? Now he could barely keep his hands to himself, and it seemed Steve was hardly doing any better, and it was probably the mom and dad of all bad ideas, the two of them together, a ticking bomb, naked wires. And he wanted it so badly. Steve did too, it appeared, and Tony didn't know what to do with the way it made him feel.
a fever dream. But it didn't end there. When Tony touched his cheek, Steve's chest had lit up with hope.
Tony: Okay.
? That used to be my favorite when I was a kid." The cover looked like it had survived the invasion of Normandy in someone's backpack. That was exactly why Steve had picked this one – the tattiest, most worn one – off the shelf in Tony's old room. A weird sounding, very thick novel about adventures of a clairvoyant rabbit of all things. It didn't even read like a children's book. Steve cast a furtive glance at Tony over it and hummed noncommittally.
Their faces were pressed tightly together. Tony was too tired to disbelieve, to wonder. All he was aware of was Steve's warm breath against his temple, the solidness of Steve's big hands on his waist. "Tony...", Steve whispered. Their feet were barely moving. The time should have slowed down around them in this moment that was almost mystical: a moment when everything seemed to fall together, come together. Steve didn't even need to say anything. His presence was enough. Tony pulled his head back for a moment, focused on Steve's blue gaze, and it was almost there, in the air, nearly uttered.
The realization hits him, right about then, and it warms him through, and he can't help but be a little smug about it. "You're worried about me, Romanoff," he says triumphantly.
Tony: Don't go spilling any state secrets.
Tony: fuck's sake
Steve couldn't feel the blast of heat through the suit, but he knew it must have been there. The surge of air threw him off his feet and all he could do was cling onto the fire extinguisher and try to land as well as he could. It wasn't a big explosion, really, but it did knock the air out of him.
Tony: Wanna trade?
He seems to snap out of it then. He raised his eyebrows in that way of his that looked more like a frown. "Yeah, no. Pepper and I are not together for a good reason. In this timeline at least." And you can't recreate people, stupid, he didn't say; very loudly so. Children are not bowling pins. They aren't interchangeable.
Tony: Black pawn to g6.
"We're wasting time," Thor protested, as an echo of Tony's thoughts, but started putting the jumpsuit on nevertheless. Tony turned his back, swiftly let the towel fall, and pulled the suit on as well. He chose not to think about it. He was used to the community showers after all.
Tony: You just do things on your own.
And then it hit him. He felt an unwilling, unwelcome bout of giggles wake up in his belly. "Oh, wow," Tony said. The laughter was bubbling, threatening to boil over and spill out. He
Later on he told me he was actually trying to ask me why I was
