“Need a thief to catch a thief. Need a doctor to fool a doctor.” Sherlock puckers his lips to better assist John’s meticulous application. John has never given much thought to the amount of detail Sherlock devotes to his disguises. It’s so simple, on the outside looking in. A change of clothes. A bit of product in his hair. But it isn’t just the outfit or the makeup. It’s the way Sherlock carries himself, the way he speaks. John firmly believes that if Sherlock weren’t the world’s only consulting detective, he would be an actor. “Culverton Smith killed his nephew. I know he did. He
John settles for impatient. Explores Sherlock's chest, his belly with the tips of his fingers as they argue about semantics. Sherlock pretends not to notice, but cards his fingers through John’s hair when John nuzzles against his bare skin. Arms wrapping around Sherlock’s back. Pulling him closer.
John stops humming. Stops washing the dishes. Stutters at the contact, Sherlock’s hand at the small of his back. He closes his eyes.
. Or the irrepressible itch, the bitter cocktail of Moriatry’s endgame; one part loneliness and two parts tragedy. But a substitute? No. A counteragent, mores like. John would approve of the term. But maybe not if he knew how the idea, the memory, the thought of his scent, his presence, his
John presses his open mouth against Sherlock’s cheek. Bestows a particularly wet raspberry. Much to Sherlock’s…
The boy (whose name escapes Sherlock—not that his observational study will be compromised whether he knows who he’s watching or not) turns the page before the girl (also nameless) finds Waldo. She objects. The boy ignores her. Hands held tight.
John’s head is warm from the shower. Sherlock nibbles on his hair. John closes his eyes while Sherlock licks under his fringe.
John shuts off the water and pulls Sherlock out of the shower. Sherlock considers going boneless just to irritate him, but he’s naked and wet and quite cold, actually. (So perhaps another time.) John forces him to sit on the toilet. Produces a towel to protect Sherlock’s modesty. Produces another to dry his hair. John resolutely scrubs Sherlock’s scalp and it shouldn’t feel this good. But it does. Easier to forget all the words worth forgetting. Sherlock leans into his touch.
Sherlock and John stand outside The Grove, bundled up in their coats. The police have long since departed with Carruthers, and the stag do has disbanded, but since John ‘single handedly subdued Carruthers in a formidable fashion’ according to one Mr Sherlock Holmes, he lagged behind to give his statement and made absolutely sure Sherlock didn’t need any medical attention.
Sherlock breathes in and he breathes out. “Lestrade is going to phone me about a case within the hour.”
“I take this to mean you don’t want a televised ceremony.” John runs his thumb over their destination. “Bells and whistles and all that.”
John presses closer. His denim clad thigh wedging itself between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock surrenders a little more of his weight to John’s care, adding delicious pressure
Sherlock opens his eyes long enough to roll them. A smile budding on his mouth. John kisses it into full bloom.
threatens to goad Sherlock’s brain cells into committing suicide. John smiles when Sherlock flips the bottle of whatever
Sherlock suffers quietly through the rehearsal dinner. When the time comes for him to address the bride and groom, he stands. Buttons his suit coat with one hand, smooth. Calm. Says, "A toast..." He lifts his glass. "...to the happy couple." He sounds condescending, but John's smile does not waver. Sherlock's heart clenches. "Mary," he begins. "You don't know me well, but you will. No matter how hard you try."
Sherlock pokes his head in the kitchen long enough to beckon John with an impatient, but elegant, wave of his hand. “Stop diagnosing inanimate objects. I need you.”
Sherlock resents John’s remark. Very much. John knows so because Sherlock impales him with the same, cold glare he retains for occasions when John insults his website. “I know my limits very well, thanks.”
Sherlock liberates a handful of innocuous pages of text. Stuffs them in his pocket. “Come on, we’re leaving.” He swirls his coat like a bloody thespian.
“Victor, please.” Victor drains his glass and sets it heavily on the kitchen table with an audible sigh. “He owes me, I think.”
Sherlock sips his wine. He doesn’t make a face like he usually does after taking a drink of coffee or tea or whatever else he deems suitable to quench his thirst. A little too tipsy for that. His taste buds are probably numb. Can’t taste the wine anymore.  “John, you are—“ He curbs a hiccup. “—magnanimous.”
Sherlock combats the reflex to blush. Irritated that the very avatar of his body is betraying him at a time like this. Because John is unapologetically perfect. And it hurts so bad it makes him want to do something stupid and dangerous. Like write a sonnet. A-B-B-A, A-B-B-A.
. After the gunshots and the surreptitious phone calls and empty warehouses rigged to explode. Hugs Sherlock like he’s worth more than any number of jade pins. Cradling the back of his head with the full width of his hand, nose buried in his collar.
John’s hangover rivets his eyeballs from the inside out. His head throbs with the beating of his heart. It’s been a long time since...well. Bedding a woman he barely knows, while not as rare as him drunk off his arse, is something of a throwback to his pre-Afghanistan days.
. Right there. “Not’su comhmain,” John groans when Sherlock is fully engaged suckling on his bottom lip. “’Ut why?”
I apologize for the somewhat directionless chapter. The John to my Sherlock needed me tonight and she takes priority to my mediocre writing. Please enjoy what I was able to finish!
when he surrenders himself, wholly and completely, absorbed in his unique brand of contemplation. No reservations. No hesitation. No mercy. John isn’t sure he would have the courage to permit his mind to all but wreak havoc on his body, pacing and speaking and gesturing almost as if physicality is a second thought altogether. Like Sherlock exists on another plane of existence.
Stops John with a hand on his elbow. Tries to speak. At a loss for words. Feelings intransmutable, the English language ill equipped. Chews on his bottom lip. Unlocks his mobile and offers it to John with a (surprisingly) steady hand.
. Wait. Not daggers. Plutonium bombs. He’s glaring Plutonium bombs at the PA system, which is currently playing the most mind-numbing Christmas music John has ever heard. Who creates the playlists for this shit? Are they trying to stimulate more shopping or mass murder? In Sherlock’s case, it’s the latter. He stands in the middle of the cologne department, head tilting back and back and his face is terrifyingly blank given the tremors waltzing up and down his spine like Mycroft and his Lady Du Jour,
. He tosses bandages, sutures, ointments, and a stethoscope over his shoulder. John reflexively catches the more fragile of the salves.
Sherlock adjusts his posture. Long legs and bent elbows and tilting his hat forward over his eyes. He snaps his fingers.
Sherlock holds John tighter. The pavement is wet and cold and puddles of rainwater are soaking Sherlock’s trousers. An undercurrent of music, velvet gold against Sherlock’s skin, a pulse of energy floating on the breeze. The smell of drugs and sweating bodies still lingering in his nostrils. Sherlock tears a glove off with his teeth. Clamps his hand around the back of John’s neck. Feeling his warmth, his pulse, squeezing hard.
Sherlock follows him like a petulant duckling. Dressed for bed, glaring sullenly at his mobile and John in turn. Like it’s John’s fault people are happy for them.
“North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and by two, west by one and by one, and so under,” Sherlock mutters. He doubts Reginald Musgrave will compensate him for finding mud and debris. But there are cobwebs in John’s hair. And a patina of dust and sweat on his face and neck and arms and John is smiling, his inner child giddy beyond belief.
John wants to employ his tongue some more. Lick down that path. Pop the button of his trousers with his mouth, too. He clears his throat, gaze darting to Sherlock’s face. “Beautiful.”
Sherlock doesn’t want the bedroom. Sherlock doesn’t want to move. Doesn’t want John to move. “Idiot,” he says instead of ‘stay’ or ‘no’.
Romantic gestures, words of affirmation, terms of endearment. Discarded, left fermenting in the deepest and darkest reservoirs of Sherlock’s hindbrain.
John opens his mouth to speak, but he can’t. He won’t. Not yet. Of the hallucinations that plague his waking eyes,
. On the promise of present day, actually. Sherlock cannot begin to fathom his good fortune. He’d rather ignore it lest the figures rankle him to the bare bone. Reflection, no thanks. Like a thorn in his side. A splinter in his finger.
“You’re bleeding,” the boy says around the sucker in his mouth. He gnaws on the candy like a wee beastie, his voice soft and cold like silk on steel.
“She’s a librarian, as evidenced by her keratosis pilaris. Two children, broke it off with her second husband over dinner at
John disposes of “a splinter the size of a flat” (according to Sherlock). “You can last two weeks. You survived three years, remember.”
“God, I love you,” John says with his mouth as well as his hips. Sherlock responds in equal measure. But easy, easy. No rush. Because the intimacy of the conversation held between their bodies is sweeter than honey, monosyllable accoutrements rolling off their tongues. Little ‘yes’s and ‘oh’s. Encouraging whimpers. A playful nipping of lips.
John and Sherlock take their seats. Sherlock makes an unappealing face at the floor where his shoes are kind-of sort-of sticking in a
Sherlock drops his mobile from his supine position on the couch directly on his face. But that’s not the funny part. No, the funny part is when he leaves the phone flat against his forehead like he meant to lose his grip all along. Just lies there, his nose whistling from the impact, and his hand descends to rest upon his belly, as elegant as anything.
He should buy John a ring. Yes, something that makes a statement. Mine, mine, mine. Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock. Property of Sherlock Holmes. Do not trespass: violators will be persecuted. Would John prefer silver or gold? Diamonds or moissanite? Contacts in the fine jewelry business; Jean Carlo owes him a favor.
about tackling a case by yourself from here on out. You can die fist, but I sure as hell’ll be dying beside you.”
When he gets home from work, John pokes at his supper with one of the few, clean forks available to him. “What did you do?”
who was forced to leave the cafe, suspicious circumstances, etcetera.” Sherlock prods at the fried cheese with vague suspicion. Something in his demeanor is notably softer. Whether due to their conversation revolving around his mother, or the time of night, or exhaustion in general. John isn’t sure. A mixture of all three.
Gobsmacked? Yes. That’s what he is. Gobsmacked. Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond. John is a friend. He enjoys going out with John. Having fun with John is never boring. So why can’t he draw the necessary oxygen into his lungs in order to answer
Sherlock looks at John not unlike he surveys a crime scene. He says nothing. And it means everything.
“Look at these.” John rifles around inside the box for more hats. He tosses a deerstalker at Sherlock who sidesteps the flap-eared projectile with a scowl. John fixes his fedora at a jaunty angle and says, “His mudder was a mudder.”
degree—of religious twaddle because John Watson cannot be labeled, classified, or categorized by science alone. This annoys Sherlock as much as it titillates him; he’s ceased resisting the paradoxical elements that compose John’s essence, his
“John, you made it!” Mike bellows. At least three drinks under his belt already, then. “Lads’re all inside!” He motions wildly behind him where a small, private room ajoins the pub proper. Heavy, red curtains are drawn back for easy access.
Sherlock periodically sweeps the flat for bugs, courtesy his elder brother. Cameras, mics, you name it. John watches him circumnavigate the room like a well-dressed force of nature. On the coffee table, off the bookshelf, leaping from one chair to another. A thought occurs to John during Sherlock’s invasion-of-privacy temper tantrum, and he asks, “Did you play Don’t Touch The Floor when you were little?”
Sherlock smiles. Trusting John with the weight of his head. He’s so tired. Quaking with exhaustion and relief like cocaine. Fuzzy wool threading through his veins.
John is cold. And only slightly wet. And still smells of sewage. He cleans Sherlock's backside anyway. Can't decide if he's relieved Sherlock is who he always is or disappointed there actually won't be sex. Looks at the shower floor. Should invest in adhesive stickers if they ever have shower sex. Could be dangerous.
Reporters camp outside the flat on Monday. Their names dominate the headlines on Tuesday. Lestrade and his team applaud their arrival at the Yard on Wednesday. John disables comments on his blog on Thursday. Victor Trevor pays a visit to Mrs. Hudson on Friday, arms loaded with swatches and pamphlets and tiny magnifying glass boutineers. By Saturday, the world is aware Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are tying the knot. By Sunday, the world is invited to a wedding neither John nor Sherlock know anything about.
Lestrade is hacking up a lung. “Safe…safe…” he’s wheezing. Sputters coffee across his desk, on the photographic evidence.
John tugs on the collar of Sherlock’s shirt and Sherlock stoops, eyes closing. Fully expects John to kiss him. Predictable. Cliché. Romantic.
Sherlock catches John’s ‘ain’ on the tip of his tongue, stepping up and into John’s mouth. Curls his lips around what would have been an exclamation point. Sips on the dregs of John’s tirade. The nigh imperceptible ‘mmpt’ of their kiss seems to echo throughout the flat.
. “Yes,” is all he manages to speak. But that’s all right. He has time. He has all the time in the world to say everything one hundred times over if he wishes. Sherlock smiles. He doesn’t remember the last time he smiled. Not like this. Chuckles faintly, trusting John with the weight of his head. He’s so tired. He’s quaking with exhaustion and relief like cocaine. Fuzzy wool threading through his veins.
Sherlock sighs. Cradles his chin on bent fingers. Rubs at his upper lip. John’s hair looks brown when wet. A shade of marigold in colour, presently. The aroma of shampoo and deodorant a pleasant reprieve from the stench of bird shit. Sherlock sighs again. More tolerantly this time, imitating John’s modus operandi vis-à-vis uneventful afternoons. His nervous tick looses its tempo and he’s caressing his mouth.
I’ve had a busy week. The season refused to go out with a whimper. That said, please enjoy this drabble with extra fluff on top. And I do apologize to the one who prompted the word salacious, as she did not intend for it to be construed as romantic. But I couldn’t help myself! Sorry!
,” he enunciates. Adjusts the scarf around his neck only to discard it a moment later. Toward the fireplace. “Christ, John.” Watches his flatmate demolish the kitchen in search for paracetamol. “You’re like a, a rhino in a glass menagerie.”
John sits heavily on the small of Sherlock’s back. Sherlock makes a strangled noise in the pit of his throat. He chokes out a, “Gently!”
Sherlock crowds John against the sink, deepens the kiss. His chest hurts. He has to say it. He has to say it or he might die. Bottled up inside him—deep inside him, where it’s dark and dank and loveless—and he had no idea how lethal these feelings would prove to be. Like methane. And his heart is the canary in the coal shaft.
—allowing my.” Grunts when John pushes him over and peppers Sherlock’s philtrum, his chin with kisses. “Prefrontal—
“Excuse me?” Sherlock boggles at John over the morning paper. Well, not boggle. Sherlock hardly boggles. He will admit his eyes widen at John’s proposal. Mouth falls open for the briefest of moments. Not exactly gaping. But close enough.
Sherlock opens his eyes. Evaluates John’s cheeky grin, the smudges of blood on his shoulder where he cradled Sherlock’s head while the German’s wife railed him for making a spectacle of her and he kisses him. Because no one surprises Sherlock Holmes like John Watson. Closer, the inside of John’s mouth velvety and warm. Breathe. Slow. Quick, quick. Slow. Like dancing. John’s hands cup Sherlock’s face. Slower. More breathing, less kissing. Just John’s lips on his lips and
He will never wax poetic on the fine and/or coarse texture of John’s hair or wage war on his brain in order to define John Watson’s eye color. No. Why would he?
was pure magic. He coughs to hide his laughter. Sherlock mistakenly believes he’s poking fun; his nickname is ridiculous, to be sure, but at least it’s not Lock.
“Why?” John tries to turn around in his chair, but Sherlock stops him with a firm hand on his shoulder.
John rolls them over. A smile budding on Sherlock’s mouth. John kisses it into full bloom. “You’re amazing.”
Sherlock’s threshold for pain is paradoxical, inconsistent. Knife wound? No problem. Oil of vitriol? Piece of cake. A cold? Lord have mercy.
“Does he?” John bends down. Nudges Sherlock’s face with his nose until their mouths meet. Kisses him chastely, the sound of their lips parting, touching. Sherlock’s heart vacates his chest, tries to find a new home in his throat. It’s mildly uncomfortable. Sherlock doesn’t like it. Except not really. Because it’s fascinating. Hasn’t felt this way before. Hasn’t been rendered speechless before. Breathless. Wanting more of something legal, something good, something alive. “He didn’t threaten to break me if I break your heart, did he?” John kisses Sherlock again. A little kiss. Gentle, sipping shallowly at Sherlock’s lips. Barely there.
“I do.” It warms a part of John’s heart to hear Victor support Sherlock. Until he says: “John does.”
“No,” Sherlock bites. If John weren’t immobilizing his left hand, he would swaddle himself in his robe and curl in the fetal position. “My reinstatement
Sherlock prowls the sidewalk. “Pardon.” He imposes himself upon a single woman of relative age, a divorcee in her early thirties. Lays one on her swiftly, proficient, and about as pleasurable as locking lips with a halibut, if John may hazard a simile. “There.” Sherlock sniffs, mentally and physically preparing himself for John’s assessment. Shaking it out. What
Because Sherlock is impatient and he wants to have his way with John. I.e., observational coitus. Sherlock remembers where he left off. Like a book he’s read before. Pages dog-eared, spine cracked. Sherlock’s grappling with John’s shirt by the time John realizes exactly where this is going; not very far. But it’s fine. More than fine. It’s addicting, maddening, and it’s hard for John to keep his hands off of Sherlock when he pulls John’s vest over his head like he’s unzipping a body bag.
Sherlock snorts. Of course he’s cooking dinner. What else could John have planned cradling a lobster in his hands, a large pot of water set to boil? Sherlock gathers the little energy he reserves for days bereft of murder and pads up behind John, his robe whipping around his calves.
To say John is surprised to find Sherlock deep in conversation with a strange man is an understatement. He stares at the two of them standing around the fireplace, Sherlock smiling openly and honestly and when did he step through the Looking Glass?
“What th’ hell is going on?” a woman demands. Probably the one who screamed going by the red wine soaking her jeans.
Sherlock leans forward to meet his kiss. If John can’t say the words, he can show his soul. Their soul, twisting and turning like London’s Underground. Veiled and thriving.
John rests his elbow on the table. Or tries to. He misses a few times. Plants his chin in the palm of his hand. “You’re beautiful.” He doesn’t realize he’s said this out loud until Sherlock starts giggling at him. “I meant to say brilliant, I did. Brilliant and, and amazing and I’d do anything for you, Sherlock, I really would.”
John chuckles. Jostling Sherlock with his laughter. Sherlock doesn't seem to mind. No, he rests his chin on John's sternum, eyes heavy-lidded and gummy. Gradually pulls himself up John's body, delightful friction, toes and elbows digging into the mattress. Levers himself so he can look down into John's face. Flushed. Smiling. Happy. John's hands on his hips. Holding him. Squeezing him. Adjusting his arms and legs to complement Sherlock's dips and angles delectably. Sherlock kisses John on the mouth because John likes kisses on the mouth. Then he nuzzles John's neck. Bumps John's chin with his nose, prompting John to
Sherlock plops down on the end of John’s bed. (Or as close to plopping as he is capable, the graceful twat.) The bedsprings complain. So does John. “Tapeworms!”
They arrive in Paris in short order. Sherlock whispers furtively in the ear of the airfield manager, who just so happens to meet them upon disembarkation, and security ushers them to a private lounge. Luggage full of clothes, toiletries, odds and ends John is pretty sure he doesn’t need nor will ever need. Like nose hair trimmers. And red pants.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Too busy thinking at the ceiling. Toes curl against the leather cushions of the couch.
While his nose isn’t broken, blunt trauma has blackened both of Sherlock’s eyes. He routes around inside the freezer for the bag of thumbs he liberated from Bart’s morgue. Presses the frozen digits against his face.
I haven't seen Breaking Dawn, Pt. II so if their commentary isn't on par with the movie, that's my fault. I apologize for any typos. I seem to make them a lot. <3
Sherlock stumbles upon a heat seal machine in the home of an "associate" who "specializes" in a plethora of gadgets John can't identify to save his life. Sherlock is smart. Very smart. There's only so much room in his Mind Palace for technological gizmos. John doesn't blame him for deferring to "an expert" when it comes to something like arithmometers. Sherlock carries the heat seal machine back to Baker Street, humming contentedly under his breath.
Sherlock doesn’t want the bedroom. Sherlock doesn’t want to move. Doesn’t want John to move. “Idiot,” he says instead of ‘stay’ or ‘no’.
“In a sense.” Sherlock deposits Victor’s glass in the sink. “Victor is an opportunist. He’s friends with everyone.”
“Is this the part where I invite you upstairs for coffee we have no intention of drinking?” Sherlock invades John’s personal space and John closes his eyes, titillating Sherlock with his blind trust. Breath mingling in the night. Streetlights and headlights like mandorlas in the accumulating fog, twinkling in Sherlock’s periphery.
John smiles softly. Murmurs in his ear. “I can’t stop this.” Suckles Sherlock’s earlobe, but Sherlock buries his face into the carpet again when it starts to tickle and John allows him to escape without a fight. Devotes himself to the back of Sherlock’s neck once more. “I can’t stop touching you. I’m—“ John laughs. “I think I’ve tapped you out.”
, John can’t decide if he’s lost his mind or if Freud was right. There really is such a thing as a Death Wish and John is subconsciously risking his life.
This strikes Sherlock square in the chest for no reason whatsoever. John is washing dishes in the sink because
John blinks. Must’ve hit his head harder than he thought. Concussed. That would explain the boy’s abject failure to answer his questions. Or it could be that John isn’t speaking coherently. Could be the language center of his brain is on the fritz and he’s waxing rhapsodic in Farsi. “I’m John Watson. What’s your name?” John tries again, enunciating his words.
Sherlock prefers not to eat while on a case, but John tastes of salt and butter and cooking oil and Sherlock is amenable every now and again.
Sherlock watches John wrangle his hand from his trousers, soiled and glistening in the dim light of the hallway. He catches John’s wrist before John can wipe the evidence off on his jeans. He kisses John’s knuckles. Tongues at the delicate webbing between his fingers. Tastes the both of them together. Inhales their mingled scent.
Sherlock is sitting on the loo, clipping his toenails. “The president hired me yesterday. We discussed this.”
Sherlock wants him to. Oh, does he want him to. “Please,” he begs and even though he doesn’t explain, he’s sure John knows what he means because John’s teeth worry and nip, sharp and deliberate. “Yes…”
Sherlock smiles so hard it hurts his face. Tries to sound casual. He hopes John doesn't hear the unquantifiable glee tickling the back of his throat. John isn't hurt. Doesn't sound hurt. He sounds breathelss. Excited. (
Sherlock is smart enough to realize from whence John’s apologies stem. He turns over on his back. Tangling with the sheets and the cushions and they shift together in the bundle they’ve made. Their feet are exposed, bathed in the light of the rising sun. “Now hear this, John Watson,” Sherlock all but growls, his mind droning like a hive a bees in the wake of John’s insecurities. “Do not apologize for…” He swallows. “For loving me.” He may be asexual, but he can’t say he doesn’t enjoy every single minute John lavishes him, ravishes him. And maybe that means something. And maybe John’s the exception.
They gravitate toward one another like they’re following a script. Written and revamped beyond comperhension, memorized to the letter. Their legs tangle, skin on skin. John breathes in and Sherlock breathes out.
“Shut up,” Sherlock snaps. “It’s half ten in the morning,” White-knuckling the sheets, shoulders tense. Hair in disarray. “I can’t do this.”
He sits at the assigned table. Refuses to acknowledge Mary's Maid of Honor when she claims the chair next to him and engages whoever is willing to listen about the misadventures of her teething toddler. Sherlock can't be arsed to remember his first name. Nibbles wanly on a biscuit. Watches John out of the corner of his eye. Watches him laugh. Wipe chocolate mousse from his fiancée's mouth.
John shuts off the water and pulls Sherlock out of the shower. Sherlock considers going boneless just to irritate him, but he’s naked and wet and quite cold, actually. (So perhaps another time.) John forces him to sit on the toilet. Produces a towel to protect Sherlock’s modesty. Produces another to dry his hair. John resolutely scrubs Sherlock’s scalp, massaging his head with his fingers and it shouldn’t feel this good. But it does. Easier to forget all the words worth forgetting. Sherlock leans into his touch.
“Hush.” Sherlock settles in his lap. Swats at John’s elbows so he’ll lift his arms over his head. “Let me,” is all he says. The full width of his hand pressing against John’s ribcage. Incremental movements. Mapping, feeling the heat of his skin, the rise and fall of his chest while he breathes. Sighs. Laughs.
John has spent days nursing Sherlock back to health and the offense amassing between them will not be gainsaid. Not if John can help it.
John untangles him none too gently. Not that it makes a difference. Sherlock sleeps like the dead when he deigns it necessary to sleep at all. But he unconsciously paws at the bedclothes, seeking his ill-gotten heat source with sleep-clumsy hands and incomprehensible murmurs. Long arms wrapping around John's torso. Throwing his leg over John's waist. Head resting on John's chest.
“Spent the whole appetizer calling your methods into question. Plus, she hates the way I dress.” John is wearing a suitable dinner jacket, an unassuming dress shirt, and a lilac ascot. It’s the most daring accessory John owns. “But she’s a damn good editor.”
Vilifying e-mail found, delivered to Lestrade, and Sherlock takes John home to bed before John falls asleep on his feet. Might as well be catatonic when Sherlock helps him climb under the covers, still wearing his trousers and his jumper.
Sherlock knocks John's hands aside. Twice. Again. Losing his ground. Back against the wall. John's fingertips skimming his ribcage and Sherlock shrieks. "John!" But it's too late. Sherlock lowers his defenses, succumbing to irrepressible giggles, full bellied laughter when John touches him just
“Don’t get me wrong. You’re very…thorough. Not exactly romantic, I’m afraid. And your boys are on the line, remember.”
, John will muse years later. But at the time of their pronouncement, John does not regard Sherlock’s insult very fondly.
watch Holmes v Holmes without a cuppa to alleviate the stray insults that invariably hurtle in his direction. Collateral criticism.
No ifs ands or buts about it. If John were the poetic type, which he isn’t, he would liken his flatmate to a gazelle, a swan, or maybe another creature in the animal kingdom that doesn’t make him sound like bloody a ten-year-old girl when he entertains these kinds of thoughts in his head.
John fetches a wet rag from the bathroom. Sherlock sheds his shirt, which adhered to his chest like a second skin from all the soap and salt residue. Sprawls across the foot of the bed, toes curling into the plush carpet. John wipes him down. From collar to belly button and shoulders to fingertips.
John shudders. Never again. He winds the sheet around his torso, his waist, and his legs. Nobody’s seeing anything. Especially Sherlock, that twat. John scuttles out from behind the curtain and immediately turns his back.
Sherlock rifles through his stack of receipts. He systematizes May through July while John assembles the whole of August. They work swiftly and silently. The whisper of Sherlock’s robe and the rustle of paper.
Sherlock thinks viciously. He keeps his mouth shut. This once. Because the reward is far more important than laying into ‘Reggie’ for wasting his time, Jesus Christ.
“Victor was my first case, John,” Sherlock explains after he catches his breath. “Well, his father was my first case. Official case. No one took me seriously before. Carl Powers, you remember?”
Sherlock ignores her. He’s standing at the fireplace, face angled toward the ceiling. He would sprawl on the sofa, but it’s likely his transport will refuse to get back up once he lies down. He rocks on the balls of his feet, rhythm, humming under his breath.
“We have an hour before they burry us alive.” Sherlock’s vocal chords make sweet, sweet love to John’s cochlea.
“Second, I—“ Like he suddenly remembers Sherlock is there. “—my date.” John takes a swig of his Pinot. “We’ve been through a lot of shit and you drive me ‘round the bend, but I. Um. Marry me.”
Sherlock’s glare eviscerates. And, oh. It was. It was his A game. John studiously counts the number of Londoners they pass wearing deerstalkers. Sherlock mumbles something incomprehensibly about a learning curve, and he never mumbles incomprehensibly. Red flag number two.
it thrills him down to the soles of his feet to surprise Sherlock Holmes. John’s toes curl in his shoes. “Shit, shit,” he gasps, torn between beating a hasty retreat and—kisses him again. Pulls Sherlock closer, groaning with the futility of his restraint.
. Take it off. The weight of his hands eager on the gauzy fabric of his shirt as he palms his nipples. He gasps, almost a whine. Runs his hands down his torso and back up again, tortured fingers catching the folds of his shirt.
“John, um.” Sherlock opens and closes his mouth. Fiddles with the ear plugs, vaguely aware that he should not tell John he wasted his money because he’s smiling his proud smile. Sherlock is struck with the irrational desire to hug him. So he leans forward, arms stiff, and his elbows feel very awkward right now. Pat-pat John’s back. On the verge of retreating when John wraps his arms around his shoulders. He smells of mulled wine and comfort. Sherlock couldn’t ask for anything more disgustingly perfect.
Mycroft quirks his eyebrows. Folds his hands neatly in his lap. “John,” he admonishes. “Don’t be ridiculous. You know me better than that.” A beat of strategic silence. “I won’t just break you. I will eviscerate you.”
Sherlock says his name. A cry of sweet despondency not altogether human. Detonates within his mouth, open fire, semi-automatic. Sherlock yearns to apologize.
Sherlock chuckles. Plucks at John’s sodden jumper. It’s getting his shirt wet. But John’s not finished. Sherlock needs to be patient. Except he’s not. “How much longer?”
“Leave,” Sherlock says none too gently, but breathlessly. Difficult to sound threatening in the state he’s in.
Sherlock thinks before he turns and walks away. The sooner he leaves, the sooner he can return. And then neither of them will be lonely. For now, they will be alone together…very, very far apart.
Sherlock is concerned for John’s sanity. “We solve crimes on a regular basis.” He pauses. With a hint of acrimony, amends, “Solved.” The Yard’s drudgework—hardly satiating, but anything to worm their way into Lestrade’s good books.
Because Sherlock already has a massive ego and if John knows Sherlock as well as he thinks he does, he’s recording them snogging.
Satisfied with John’s (wheezy) answers, Sherlock takes notes. Configures a flow chart that will knock John’s socks off.
“C-Come here,” John orders him. He’s surprised at the tremor in his voice. Teeth chattering. “W-We’ll last longer if. If. If we ssshare body heat.”
“Good Lord,” Sherlock grouses. He’s had it up to here, there, and everywhere with John’s compulsive need to don the flat with holly and fairy lights. His one concession is the mulled wine because
“Mycroft’s taken care of the necessary legalities,” Sherlock exhales, his voice barely above a whisper. Swallows. “All that’s left is our signatures.” Looks into John’s eyes. John’s astonishingly blue eyes. And it all becomes very real, suddenly. As real as lapis lazuli and marigold and Sherlock succumbs to John’s gravitational pull. Noting the premature crowsfeet, the fading tan, the grey hairs, and he wants to absorb it all at the same time and never come up for air. “Say the word,” he hears himself speak, but his voice sounds far away. Too wrapped up in John’s eyelashes, his breath puffing against Sherlock’s mouth, drowning in the details. “And I’m yours forever.”
Mycroft has a way of frowning with his entire body. Brow furrowed. Shoulders tense. Fingers tighten on the handle of his umbrella. “The risk of what?”
Sherlock smiles. Light source dispersing as it travels through his flesh. Element of internal reflection. His skin looks like strawberry jam. John should see this.
,” he bites, “putting yourself—no. Shut up.” Sherlock closes his mouth, teeth clicking. “Where do you get off purposefully endangering yourself? Purposefully—yes, I understand that’s how you get your kicks,” John says before Sherlock dares to speak again. “Prove you’re clever. Well, I’ve got news for you Sherlock, and you’d better listen because I’m only saying this once. You do not so much as
Sherlock looks like an indignant emu, arching his neck as if to spit rather than word-vomit how and where and why and when. John’s giggling before Sherlock draws his run-on-and-on-and-on sentence to a close.
John crosses his legs. Not loudly, but fussily, which might as well be loud for all its exaggeration.
“W—nothing.” John is flustered. Rocks back on his heels, hands stuffed in the pockets of his coat. Must find something interesting stuck to the toes of his shoes because he gives them his undivided attention. “Just.” Emphasizes the T, bidding for time. “Thinking.”
Sherlock surges beneath him. Long legs stretching, toes catching the sheet and the covers slide off of John’s shoulders. Sherlock basks in the praise like a cat basks in the sun. “Yes,” he sighs. Acknowledging his own genius as well as inviting John to
) More importantly, what do uteri and hydrochloric acid have anything to do with Sherlock’s present case? He’s investigating an American carnie named Bosco who eats chickens alive. Blood, guts, feathers, and all.
Sherlock resists tampering with the new carton of milk. John is a man of his word and while Sherlock has a tendency to fight fire with fire, he knows better than to jeopardize John’s tea time.
John is determined to be creative and, and! Visceral! Or something. He reads up on the subject. Nonsense such as,
. They have codes for everything. Almost everything. Codes are important when one risks one’s life on a daily to weekly basis. Words, gestures, phrases, a composition of John’s military hand/arm signals and Sherlock’s…well. Sherlock’s insistence
“You stink,” John says fondly. Doesn’t prevent him from sticking his nose in that spot behind Sherlock’s ear. Sighing heavily against his grimy skin. “I stink.”
. Which, if John’s interpreted Sherlock’s sentiment correctly, means their relationship hasn’t plateaued since its consummation. It’s Sherlock’s way of saying John isn’t boring.
Sherlock wraps his legs around John’s waist. Squeezes. And squeezes until he’s stolen John’s air, too. Swift retribution. Moist lips against his cheek. Unspoken words of endearment.
“Because we want to.” Knuckles across his ribcage. “You’ve been desperate for my attention all day.”
He steers Sherlock against the wall. Sherlock slumps, bracing his shoulders for support. His coat frames his eager body, betraying its desire for John’s perusal. His nipples are peaked, delicious little nubs clearly evident beneath the silk of his straining shirt. A visible bulge in his bespoke trousers. His eyes, finally deigning to open, are heavy lidded and dark. He observes John take him in and John, for once, doesn’t bother disguising his appreciation, but allows it to be seen for what it is. Hot and heavy and Sherlock cants his hips at the naked want on display.
Sherlock swallows. It’s the first time their emotional consonance has been classified aloud. Exhales shakily. (
. John wants to kiss his mouth, flint and tinder. But he doesn’t. Not yet. Because Sherlock is looking at him in a way that reminds John of their trip to the Louvre after hours. (Galleries still refer to Sherlock as the Reichenbach Hero. Insane lengths to ensure his political patronage of the arts continues unabated. John remembers standing in the presence of some of the most famous paintings in the world. Sherlock’s hands in his pockets so he wouldn’t touch.)
. John’s heart is made of sterner stuff, but it goos just a little bit. “Yes,” is his answer, a touch breathless. And it dawns on him. He’s agreeing to more than experimenting with a galvanized pizza for shits and giggles. He’s agreeing to everything, to all of it. He’s accepting Sherlock’s proposal a week after the fact.
Sherlock is pleased to note his observational skills are rubbing off on John. First clouds, next dead bodies.
He’s startled to feel John sitting at the end of the couch. He touches Sherlock’s ankle and the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders ebb. He buries his toes under John’s thigh and neither of them speaks another word for the remainder of the evening.
John hates to tell him, “I don’t know.” Because if questions are a sign of affection, John’s answers need to deliver. Clears his throat. Heart skipping one beat. Two. “I’ll find out.”
Flashing lights. Screaming children. Foodstuff of questionable origin. Vomit. Is there any question why carnivals are Sherlock’s worst nightmare? More than the incongruous sights and the myriad of smells, there’s laughter. Loud, annoying, excessive, annoying, redundant, annoying. A far cry from
John hooks his thumbs in the waistband of Sherlock’s pajama bottoms. Sherlock seriously thinks about offering no help whatsoever. Wants to observe John taking matters into his own hands because John’s hands are a little weathered, definitely abled, and his train of thought leaves him high and dry in a switching yard of John’s capable fingers.
Sherlock undulates beneath him. Long legs stretching, toes catching the sheet and the covers slide off of John’s shoulders. Sherlock basks in the praise like a cat basks in the sun. “Yes,” he sighs. Acknowledging his own genius as well as inviting John to
Mrs. Hudson releases John with gargantuan effort. Turns to Sherlock. Face blotched and grinning big and Sherlock recoils. Blanches when she lands a wet kiss on his cheek.
When Sherlock leaves his mobile unattended in order to wash the remnants of a pig fetus out of his hair—
He’s humming a tune Sherlock recognizes. One of his scores. Mediocre, Sherlock thinks, but John seems to be enjoying himself.
He weaves through a gaggle of schoolgirls to jump queue in front of a young couple. “My apologies.” Like he’s stepped on a cockroach. Though, a cockroach would merit a modicum of Sherlock’s attention out of sheer curiosity, but teenagers are exceptionally low on Sherlock’s list of
Sherlock and John make their getaway. The lift doors shut, muffling Anderson’s curses on their not-so-good names.
—there is no failsafe for a certain pair of idiots knocked unconscious and barricaded behind the slabs of maybe-perhaps-beef.
John blinks. Looks hard at Sherlock’s finished piece. For some reason, John thought he would have fixated on his shoulder just like the others. Drawn to the puckered, pink flesh. A roadmap of pain. What John doesn’t expect to see is a detailed painting of the bullet fired, the rifle used, velocity and trajectory and weather conditions and calculations revolving around John’s survival rate and statistical PTSD and John, John, John.
This is probably the most intimate thing I’ve ever written so be warned. Maybe it’s the fever. Stocking will be the next chapter because Christmas! And I can’t guarantee I’ll update tomorrow because of family and general unwellness on my part.
Sherlock disparages the human race its be-all and end-all fascination with sex. Adrenaline, dopamine, serotonin. Sex has never appealed to him on a level befitting his intellect and while he is no stranger to masturbation—his transport is disappointingly normal at times—he is neither repulsed nor intrigued by his body’s intrinsic desire to reproduce. It’s nature. It’s science. It’s
But they don’t exchange presents. Not for Christmas, not birthdays. It’s their one and only rule because reciprocity was never Sherlock’s strong suit. (How was he to know John wouldn’t enjoy a nice cow liver with which to perform experiments? It’s what he would have wanted.)
John leans forward. Kisses him sweetly, touching Sherlock’s thighs, his waist. He’s spent his life dreaming of mending, studying to mend, and mending the wounded in the heat of battle. He never thought he would need mending himself. Mending in a way he couldn’t understand. Didn’t realize he’d been cut down the middle, living through the motions after Afghanistan. Not until Sherlock’s unique brand of madness stitched him back together again.
John emerges from the bath, his tartan robe belted tightly around his waist. Soap and aftershave and the scent of balmy skin. He mock-salutes Sherlock. Sits in his chair with an indulgent groan. After six hours of reconnaissance, a foot chase, and an onslaught of goose droppings, John is milking the conclusion of their most recent case for all its worth.
They gravitate toward one another. Their legs tangle, skin on skin. John breathes in and Sherlock breathes out.
“Here. You’re obviously more interested what’s going on between your ears than what I have to say about--”
Sherlock’s threshold for pain is one of the most paradoxical, inconsistent traits Sherlock possesses. Knife wound? No problem. Oil of vitriol? Piece of cake. A cold? Lord have mercy.
Sometimes, their schedules coincide to create an aforementioned lazy morning. Sherlock requires John’s audience and John tolerates Sherlock’s barging in on him because his circadian rhythms are somewhat composed, a string of late nights notwithstanding.
He lifts a flute of wine to his mouth. Takes a sip. A grimace John adores in spite of himself. Sherlock watches the couples mingle with desultory curiosity. Reading every gesture, tick, wrinkle and word. Quicksilver eyes roaming from person to person. Indolent. Until he sees John among the multitude. His gaze. Caustic during one of his blacker moods. But today John decides
John presses his lips together. Cashmere totally defeats the purpose of the game. Where’s the incentive? Why would anyone avoid touching cashmere? “I don’t…”
John and Sherlock take their seats. Sherlock is making a very unappealing face at the floor, where his shoes are kind-of sort-of sticking in a
“Maybe I’ll do what I want.” Sherlock has spent forty-eight days away from home. Away from John, who will vomit unapologetically when caustic what-ifs rake his stomach that night. Sharp, icy. He loses his appetite for the time being.
No wonder Sherlock’s so giddy. Idiocy is a double-edged sword as far as he’s concerned. Pains him to monitor the ignorance of others, slogging through daily life weighted down by normal people and their normal cognitive functions. But stupidity on a psychological level—stupidity significant enough to warrant further investigation—is the pigment to Sherlock’s binder. Without stupid people doing stupid things in stupid ways, his life would be much more dull. His mind cranks out masterpiece after masterpiece in the wake of stupid.
John snorts, doesn’t know what to say. He busies himself looking down the road for a cab he’s not going to flag down just yet.
face, which normally leads to prohibition including—but not limited to—nicotine patches, severed heads, and combustible materials.
Someone’s calculating eye. Soft and cutting, silk and steel. Dark curls, pale face. A smirk, a turn of his head, and he’s lost in the crowd.
They disrobe on their way to the bathroom, leaving a trail of sodden trousers, socks, and pants in their wake. A bit of a shock to find the shower in question is barely a shower at all. They stand naked, side by side, scrutinizing with chary eyes. Sherlock shrugs. Bullies John inside, suffering John’s not-really-protestations until he slides in with him. It’s a tight fit. Something their turgid members appreciate, but their elbows and knees don’t.
An onslaught of affection washes over John and his goose bumps have goose bumps. He throws his arms around Sherlock. Holds him tight. Touched when Sherlock gladly returns his embrace. No hesitance, doesn’t stammer whatever it is he’s saying. His body reacts automatically, drawing John closer, second nature. While he talks, he continues mixing hazardous chemicals behind John’s back like John isn’t an impediment. Like John’s an extension of himself.
Who gave John Watson permission to smile like that and steal all of the oxygen from Sherlock’s lungs?
He checks his genuine Patek Philippe, a wistful “Oh.” on point. “I hate to dash, but I have a meeting in twenty.” He hands John his card, winking. Dollars to donuts there’s more than one in their flat. “Nice to meet you, Dr. Watson. Take care’ve ol’ Sherly, here. See to it he doesn’t leap off another building.”
Sherlock’s sleep schedule is chaotic. To put it mildly. When he does find it necessary to succumb to his transport’s need to rest, he either folds himself over the kitchen table like a limp marionette or he drags himself to the couch before he looses consciousness in the strangest of places. Like the shower. Or on the landing.
Raining down and filling his head, his heart with repugnant doubt. Heavy. Heavier than the guilt he carried with him for three years. Maybe because keeping John Watson isn’t as altruistic as saving John Watson.
overused and unimaginative. He listens, but he does not absorb. Not entirely. His thoughts are separate and distinct from the vitriol spewing from the mouths of those whose sense of self worth is next to nothing, his mind the brine to their oily constitutions.
anything. His gaze is concerted. Intense. Attempting to bore directly into John’s amygdala with his eyes by sheer force of will, maybe. John smacks the taste of sleep out of his mouth, the taste of Sherlock out of his mouth and
Sherlock is eating a tub of vanilla ice cream. Manny the mannequin is lying facedown in the living room floor, a horde of kitchen knives embedded in his arse. One of these things does not belong.
Twenty-six texts between the two of them. Catch 22. Sherlock doesn’t want the hailstorm of congratulations and well wishes to affect his thinking, but also doesn’t want to turn off his phone should Lestrade require his assistance. Moans with each new message. Puts Irene Adler to shame.
Goes willingly. Because he’s curious. Not because heat, salacious and swelling like a balloon in the pit of his stomach. Every breath Sherlock takes inflating and inflating and more and yes. Breathing deeper. Faster. Desire bubbling from within. Like a kettle: Water boils. (John exhales against Sherlock’s cheek.) Steam is created. (Sherlock keens. John kisses his throat. Sweat and spit.) Limited room within the confines of the kettle, pressure begins to build. (Sherlock undulates, arching his spine.) More steam, has nowhere to go. Begins to escape through the spout.
Sherlock cuts his eyes to John, who’s waiting for him to continue. Eyebrows knitting now that he’s stuttered to a halt. “—killed him. Obvious. Boring. John?” Sherlock turns on his heel and strides briskly toward the main road. There’s another mystery to solve. Namely, their anniversary.
Sherlock’s pale chest exposed to the elements. John would be forced to apply SPF 50 every hour on the hour because Sherlock wouldn’t do it because Sherlock is stupid and he would blister and die of skin cancer and then what was John supposed to do?
. Sherlock’s eyes find his, then. Black as night and shining like the stars themselves are nestled within. A whole galaxy of supernovas and dark matter. Sherlock lets him see, then. Everything. And he wonders what his eyes hold, knowing good and well the depth of loyalty and love pouring from his soul is brimming there, ready to spill over.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. Because why wouldn't John be the one digging for it? Sherlock prefers a more managerial role when it comes to menial labor.
John licks his lips. His heart is pounding. His jeans are a little too snug and the smell of Sherlock’s cologne a little too sweet. Sherlock’s flushed cheeks and the patina of sweat glistening at the hollow of his– “Okay,” John decides.
The next three chapters are as follows: Legato, Ornamental, and Trifling. Please submit as many words as you like. I'm enjoying the exercise.
They’ve been sleeping together. It’s obvious. Of course it’s obvious. Everybody knows it. Neither perpetrator attempts to hide the evidence of their lovemaking. They cast furtive glances at each other all morning, over breakfast. Sherlock feels no need to point out their indiscretion. Because it would invite animosity on his part and because he wishes to survey them undisturbed. They appear to be happy. Giggling into their porridge. Eyes bright, cheeks flush.
John takes his hat off. Fiddles with it in his hands, grinning from ear to ear. “Oh, c’mon. Just playing. You look like a gangster. Say, ‘Stick ‘em up!’”
Sherlock thinks. He watches John log and classify the random data supported by tiny droplets of water and ice crystals. Apophenia, meaningful patterns or connections, pareidolia.
Over and over and over again until Sherlock is speaking his name with reverence. Woolen jumper beneath his fingernails.
John wants to rip that damned shirt off of Sherlock’s body. He wants to touch him. From sternum to pelvis, from hip to hip. He wants to be the reason Sherlock is gasping, wants to make him gasp for real, not just for show.
Sure, they’re lucky to be alive. Lucky to have escaped whatever Abe Slaney had in store for them. But handcuffs? Really? John feels as if he’s the butt of some kind of cosmic joke on his manhood.
“Why not?” is John’s response. Closer, which involves elbows and knees and as urbane and tactile as John has proven to be in the past, their couch is only so big.
“Lima syndrome,” John whispers. Or thinks. They’re so close now Sherlock can scarcely tell the difference.
“Oh, of course.” He pries a candy from Billy’s temporal bone. “Delusional infestations count, do they?”
Sherlock turns. Starts to explain. And while the sentence that he speaks begins strong and round, vowels and consonants, tongue and teeth, shaping the English language like moldable, wet clay--it falls apart once Sherlock perceives John's eyes blazing a trail familiar and secret and provocative. Sherlock follows slowly, his voice tapering off. Quiet. Hushed. Clicks a final K. Lips parting, almost asking, almost smiling. Almost breathing, but not quite. His back to the machine. Gripping the edge of the table. (Yes. Perfect.) John relocates his hand to Sherlock's waist. The heat has made Sherlock's clothes very warm. His skin sticky. John
The air is suddenly different. Sherlock is electric. Magnetic. Charged particles like an aura, blanketing John’s person with heart-racing, adrenaline-stimulating euphoria. John loves him, he loves him, he loves him. And Sherlock loves him back. Whatever Sherlock has in mind, John is up to the challenge. After last night, after everything. John sighs, his hands on Sherlock’s waist, and they fit together like skeletal bones. Ball and socket, hinge, pivot. Sherlock breathes in, John breathes out. So good. It’s so good and
“Don’t care,” John interrupts him from halfway inside the oven. “I don’t care,” he says upon standing, “what you have to say about her or me or anything because tonight is going to be perfect and you. You, Sherlock,” John jabs a finger at him, “are going to behave yourself.”
Sherlock sways where he stands. Rocking from side to side, feet shuffling against the rug. His eyes are still trained on the e-mails. He doesn’t say a word. The flat is dark. Sherlock’s only light source originates outside. Curtains drawn wide and the city pours into their living room, flashing and pulsing like a living, breathing thing. Sherlock exhales, a silhouette in the dark, framed in gold. He closes his eyes; he doesn’t need to see the evidence anymore. Hasn’t had to since the first time he read them. He tilts his head back and he continues to sway.
But. When John looks at him. Looks at him as he is in this moment. Sherlock’s desire to procure a cerebral spade and dig for buried nuances he’s observed but never committed fully to memory is unprecedented. He wants to know. Now. Right now. What John’s thinking, what he wants, because John Watson is ruining him and it hurts so good
There are tears in Sherlock’s eyes. He claws at his face and John takes action. Unsure, scared, and wanting—more than anything—to help. But he doesn’t know how. And that shakes John to his core. He wants to reach inside Sherlock’s head. Chisel away at the obstruction causing him so much anguish. But he can’t. He knows he can’t.
John may or may not be finding it hard to breathe. Faces the showerhead so Sherlock won't notice how nervous he is.
Sherlock snorts. “I am in pain.” John seriously doubts it. Mostly because Sherlock’s wriggling himself into a more comfortable position and it amazes John that Sherlock can go days without sleeping or eating—that he can, on one memorable occasion, bring a killer to justice only to inform John that he’s been shot hours after the fact. Or
That’s an unfair assertion, John decides as he grabs his coat. Him not winning. For all intents and purposes, he’s already won.
Sherlock is still pondering said question while John levers him against the couch, on his back. Sherlock goes willingly. Because he’s curious. Not because heat, salacious and swelling like a balloon in the pit of his stomach. Every breath he takes inflating and inflating and more and yes. Breathing deeper. Faster. He can feel lust curling his toes, bubbling against his skin. Like a kettle. Water boils. (John breathes against Sherlock’s cheek.) Steam is created. (Sherlock keens. John kisses his throat. Sweat and spit.) Limited room within the confines of the kettle, pressure begins to build. (Sherlock undulates, arching his spine.) More and more steam is created, has nowhere to go. Begins to escape through the spout.
Doesn’t matter who said it. Or why they said it. He acknowledges their derision and the moniker, in its feeble attempts to break skin, merely dissipates in the frigid air. Sherlock closes his eyes. Sniffs again. Oceanic fragrance.
have an announcement. To make.” Picks up his wine glass. “First, I’d like to thank Angelo. A fine man. A damn, fine man.”
My hard drive crashed. I've lost a good deal of my documents, including Greater Far. Which means my list of words is inaccessible. I won't have access to my new computer until the end of this week--and I'll do my best to post between now and then--but I may be MIA for a few days. It will take me time to unearth all of the words that have been submitted via comments so I'll make up my own until I'm able to do so.
“The Law of Diminishing Returns.” Sherlock hates repeating himself. As he deigns it necessary to add, “Doesn’t apply to you,” he minds his tone.
Please note I know nothing about Britain's legal system. Also, the last line is a reverse/repeat from Chapter 15: Skull.
John blinks. He blinks again. Assumes that Sherlock is referring to…a lie in. And the fact that Sherlock is forcing himself—literally forcing himself, if the tremors in his arms and legs are any indication—to stay in bed, doing something he would otherwise abhor, avoid. Like laundry, or the dishes, or wearing polyester. Sherlock is frowning, recalcitrant. God help him, but John thinks it’s endearing.
Sherlock hesitates. John isn’t sure if he’s contemplating not playing because he’s too self-conscious or because—John mouths an ‘oh’. Steps up onto the couch. Sherlock is a brilliant man, seemingly incapable of lacking in self-confidence and impervious to humiliation, but John knows better. Sherlock may not feel things the way most people feel them, but he feels them all the same. And if there’s one thing Sherlock is uncomfortable with, it’s jumping in with both feet without sufficient data.
rings in Sherlock’s ears. He wants to throw up. Wonders, abstractly, if he’ll vomit rainbows and butterflies.
“Distracting” Sherlock says, his voice syrupy in John’s ear. “I can’t stop thinking. The victim could have been you.”
Sherlock processes this new information. John can feel his body reacting to the stimulus of fresh data. “A few? Who?”
“Is it?” Sherlock is distracted by the PA system again, unconcerned with the flustered employees eavesdropping on their conversation. His trigger finger twitches. “You never let me observe you as long as I want. I want to observe you as long as I want.”
Or when he starts deducing the mating habits of Holstein, John fears for Sherlock’s sanity. Afraid he’ll lie down and die because it’s vastly more entertaining than watching John try to remember the
Given the chance, Sherlock would pry off John’s assailant’s fingernails with nothing but a bamboo chute and a will that would not be denied.
Oh. Because it's John who's calling. Because John is running an errand. Necessary, but inconvenient.
John finishes preparing the tea. Arranges their cups side by side. He does not wait for Sherlock to acknowledge his proximity because Sherlock’s perception of time is damnably skewed when he’s working and it’s likely John will be waiting on Sherlock’s consent for twenty-plus minutes if that's the case. John nuzzles Sherlock’s temple with the end of his nose. Brushes his lips against the lobe of his ear.
. He can’t move or see and the smell of nonenal is particularly arresting. All that’s left is touch and Jesus Christ if he isn’t painfully aware of every inch of Sherlock’s sex. He needs a distraction. Something to keep his mind on the heterosexual agenda. Because he is. Heterosexual, of course.
Sherlock believes him because it’s true. He knows it’s true based on a compilation of facts Sherlock consults when John admires his assets. Sherlock supposes he must be an attractive man. He’s not the genial sort so he’s not winning anyone over with his sparkling personality, even if John privately enjoys his dark sense of humor and vindictive tongue. Sherlock has every reason to think the majority of people who find him alluring are attracted to his intelligence. But maybe he’s wrong.
Sherlock wraps his coat tightly around his midsection and props his knees against the vacant seat in front of him.
Intimacy. Something Sherlock never thought he’d have with anyone. Willingness to allow a man like John Watson to breach the icy walls around his heart. Doesn’t remember the exact moment a conscious decision was made, but stubbornly refusing to aid John in his efforts to form a bond, a link, a connection, and failing miserably. With his stupid unconditional love Sherlock not only managed to accept, to desire, but replicate in under twenty-four hours.
Sherlock catapults his body from its torpor with a vicious kick of his legs. One step, two, and he plants his nose in John’s hair. He’s done this before, he’s aware. Second occurrence in as many months and maybe it means something, but Sherlock can’t be arsed to analyse…
John tries to tune Sherlock out. Sadly, Sherlock is tune-out proof. John has yet to determine how or why. It may be his Alan Rickman-esque baritone that demands attention. May be that his presence is commanding to the nth degree. To the point where pedestrians ignorant of the infamy of
He can, but he’s not going to. Sherlock makes a noncommittal noise John apparently enjoys because he homes in, yanking the lapel of Sherlock’s coat, and kisses Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock’s stomach rolls in surprise. Lazy, warm, shockwaves of pleasure radiating from his chest to the tips of his fingers. Instead of kissing John back, Sherlock asks into and around and on John’s mouth, “Really? Is this what we’re doing (
John starts. Looks at Sherlock guiltily. “I didn’t call one. Thought I could manage.” John clears his throat. Brandishes a strand of liquorice and clicks his tongue, tantalizing what Sherlock presumes is the mouse from yesterday.
Tears and sweat and Sherlock pleading with John under his breath, “Get it out.” Sherlock buries his face in John’s neck. Clutches at his jumper, curling in on himself. He trembles from exertion so John holds him. He just holds him. And he feels as helpless now as he did when he was shot, left for dead. Runs his hands up and down Sherlock’s back, the ridges of his spine piercing his heart like a barrage of bullets burning hot in the Afghan sun.
, I imagine.” Sherlock gets his feet under him, counts to three (Repeatedly.), and propels himself at the couch. Not quite as graceful as usual. Faceplants, legs sprawled inelegantly. He turns over on his back with some difficulty, coat twisting around his arms. Sherlock studies his fingers, spreading them wide and pressing them together, the kitchen light a most efficient…what’s the word?
John doesn’t stiffen. Doesn’t gasp. Waits for Sherlock to finish outlining the band with the pad of his thumb, but Sherlock shows no sign of stopping. Keeps circling and circling, adding pressure. More pressure and John bets there will be an evident bruise come morning.
Sherlock snarls, “You idiot! You fucking imbecile! The next time I say run, you run!” What he means is,
Drops his trousers. Runs the shower, testing the water with his hand intermittently until the temperature pleases him. Finds comfort in the familiar rattle and clang of the pipes. Because that hasn't changed. He isn't dreaming. And, and. Can't decide if he should wait for Sherlock or--John removes his pants and steps underneath the showerhead. Nope. Not waiting. Waiting makes him feel weird. Jittery. He doesn't like jittery. He's not sixteen for Christ's sake. Clenches and unclenches his fists. Turns his back to the spray. Er, wait. Turns again. Water in his eyes. Spins in a circle, trying to get comfortable. Look presentable. In the shower. Jesus.
hop/leap for joy. Only, instead of blood and bullets, it’s ketchup and carbohydrates. John licks his fingers, practically wiggling where he sits on the bench, and it’s probably one of the…cutest…things Sherlock has ever seen.
They scramble out of the coffin in naught but their knickers. Lestrade offers Sherlock his overcoat, John his suit jacket, awkwardly respecting their privacy while he phones for an ambulance. “Just…” He’s at a loss. “…just stay where you are.” Greg excuses himself, his mobile pinned against his ear.
Lazy mornings are few and far between, but John wouldn’t have it any other way. Too much of a good thing and all. Sherlock rarely, if ever, sleeps with John. Sleeping-sleeping, not sex-sleeping, just to be clear. (Honestly, John would prefer the latter to occur more regularly
. Unless, of course, they’ve committed murder. His smile is infectious, borderline manic. He watches his prey board the Ferris Wheel and he plans to catch him in the act. Decidedly less boring than waiting him out.
It’s strange seeing Sherlock at the cinema. He doesn’t have the patience to sit still and watch anything exceeding the length of a YouTube video, let alone a film over two hours long. But, damn it, John’s tried to see a movie by himself and Sherlock always—
Sherlock feels the stirrings of what he’s discovered is referred to as butterflies. He doesn’t like that word, either. Not in this case. Not butterflies. John inspires something more manly. More dangerous. Medevac, air ambulance, Sikorsky S-76. An entire war, even. “You were hungry,” Sherlock reminds him.
Sherlock is inert. Boneless. Undone beneath the weight of the conviction in John’s eyes. Can’t promise him anything. That’s not the way the world works. He says as much as he drowns, eyes closed, head lolling from the pressure and the pain and the pleasure and—
John listens to Sherlock ramble about nothing and everything. Revels in the vibration of his voice against his chest. A small part of him doesn’t want to move ever again. He knows, logically, that would be impossible, but feelings are feelings and they never do make much sense, do they? In this moment, John is contented. He feels warm. He even feels safe, which is a surprise given Sherlock’s penchant for blowing things up or setting fire to the flat.
.), Sherlock will find a way to give him the sun. Just one thing, though. Only one condition. John can’t leave. Ever. Sherlock won’t let him.
Sherlock congratulates himself on the metaphor, sliding down John’s chest and his belly and sitting in John’s lap and
“Sherlock?” John is standing in the doorway, one hand holding a clipboard and the other resting on the door handle. “What are you doing here?”
Scanning! In the middle of a row! John wonders what Sherlock finds so bloody interesting before the world’s only consulting detective wrinkles his nose, leans forward, and kisses him.
Plus, John is a heavy man. Not too heavy, but heavy enough to bully the air out of Sherlock’s lungs. Increasing the pressure and the oh. Oh.
John sniffs Sherlock’s fingers. “They smell like fer…formaldehyde.” Licks around the knuckle of his index. “Taste like beer.”
John plays music. He discovered that while Sherlock’s mind is hazardously occupied thinking on a level that would incapacitate mere mortals, his body—declining to respond to stimuli like touch or smell—is vulnerable to instrumental sound. It isn’t much, granted, but it’s something. John composed a CD of orchestral pieces, mostly strings. He stashes copies in his bedside table for just such an occasion.
Ed Banifacious. A mediocre pickpocket. Deductions regarding a string of clientele and a recent bout of petty thefts. Serial killers aren’t as thick in London as they once were—Sherlock hates himself as the bane of his existence—and
“Not now,” Sherlock amends. Stands, grabs their clothes folded in a neat pile in the grass. Checks his mobile, saying, “I've never paid much thought to my future, but now that my future includes you, I have paid it due mind.”
Sherlock hangs his head, bracing himself against the mantle. An array of crime scene photographs are taped to the mirror and Sherlock, for the life of him, can’t make heads or tails of the killer’s incentive. The murders are gallingly random and nothing connects the victims aside from what John inanely refers to as
—John jumps at the opportunity to play a prank on him. Technology and John don’t always jive, but he’s been sitting on this gag for well over two months now. He’s practiced on his own mobile enough to nail the mechanics within a matter of seconds.
Sherlock tucks John in, wedging his comforter securely around John’s arms and legs. Safe now. Sherlock dips his head. Noses slotting side-by-side, aligning their torsos. Deep breaths, his heart warm and fluttering like a bird.
. “Why are you laugh—laughing at me? You don’t laugh at me.” He heaves a sigh. “You’re a the beacon of Amon Dîn, you know. Third star to the right and straight on ‘til morning.”
Sherlock tells the cabbie, "Musgrave Manor," when he climbs into the backseat. John wants to question Sherlock. Manor? What manor? What's at a manor? They're not staying there, are they? Is this about the case? Is it murder? Murder at a manor? Is Sherlock playing Cluedo in real life? Sherlock can read John's unspoken questions in the flicker of his eyelashes and the number of times he clenches his fist. Chuckles darkly. Smug-arse bastard.
he's convinced. Wind chimes dollop the lag in conversation. Buzzing bees and hooded mergansers and John can hear Mrs. Hudson’s radio playing in the kitchen. When he formulates a response that will assuage Sherlock’s oblique concern, he promises, “Like take care of you.”
Two things. One, Sherlock is vivacious and smiling so John has a snowball’s chance in hell of denying him. Two, Sherlock said
Isn’t it? If he can’t admit their relationship began a ten, he can default to nine. Or maybe nine’s too obvious. Wouldn’t everyone say nine? Sherlock isn’t everyone. He doesn’t want to just choose a number without thinking. Nine is technically perfect since ten is technically unobtainable. Again, Sherlock grants he made mistakes. And the drugs bust. Had to knock it down to—
Sherlock rolls over on his side. Glares at John. Hair dried like a nest of burrs. John ventures to ruffle Sherlock’s untamed mop of curls, but his hand freezes in midair when Sherlock grumbles, “I said you find me attractive when I’m dirty.”
Miss Haversham adjusts the lighting in the room. Extreme lights and darks, a light source study. John tries not to puke on his shoes.
Sherlock feels the stirrings of what he’s discovered is referred to as butterflies. He doesn’t like that word, either. Not in this case. Not butterflies. John inspires something more manly. More dangerous. Medevac, air ambulance, Sikorsky S-76. An entire war, even. “You were hungry,” Sherlock reminds him.
Sherlock buttons his aubergine shirt. Chest flushed, creeping up his neck. His body is betraying him and he hates it. Nerves. Why would he be nervous? There’s absolutely nothing to be nervous about. Unless the date goes poorly and John decides it’s in his best interest to get while the getting is good.
in front of a room full of strangers.” His fingers fumble against the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock bats his hands away. Deftly confiscates one layer after another. He untucks the tee from John’s trousers and John shoves him off because that’s a little familiar, isn’t it? “Thank you, I’m fine.”
“Really?” Sherlock huffs, deliciously winded. He kicks at the sheet tangled about their legs. “Now? You’re going to antagonize me now?” Grins evilly when John nods the affirmative. “Mmm, saddle me up. I like a nice. Hard. Bit. In my mouth.”
Carruthers growls. He kicks and pivots and Sherlock loses his balance for all of two seconds before Carruthers slams him to the ground.
Sherlock doesn’t do anything to warrant a hug from John. Effervescent concoctions brewing, Bunsen burners hissing. Sherlock pushes his safety goggles up against his sweaty forehead. His hair is sticking out every which way and he’s just…perfect. A royal pain in the arse, but John’s pain in the arse. Mycroft was right when he imagined Sherlock was hellish to live with. It’s worse without him, though. Worse than hell.
. He drops the offending crustacean on the counter and glares at it miserably. John isn’t going to kill it and neither, apparently, is he because John’s made him all wishy-washy and there are plenty of experiments he can perform on a lobster, right?
John vows. He will not allow Sherlock to fall victim to unnecessary cruelty. Not as long as he’s around to soften the blow.
